3	How do I get the wife to play golf in 100 degree plus weather (when needing a fourth)?With the promise of shopping, of course.What I forgot to tell her was that by shopping I meant going to the Nike Outlet  for more golf gear: glove, shirt, balls, etc.To her credit, she did find a golf outfit.I like this Nike Outlet.  It's faraway enough from the Strip so it's not too crowded and it's way closer than Primm.Their selection of stuff is usually well organized, and the overall look of the store is clean: makes for faster shopping.I like buying the factory defective golf balls.  There's something about them that just works.  And for the price, I don't mind sacrificing a couple boxes to the Water Hazard gods.
4	Did some Christmas Shopping and found some shoes that my Son wanted here.  The staff was very friendly and helped me find the right size and model.  The checkout process was smooth despite the long line.  I was in/out in 15 min.....not bad for Christmas.Will I return?  Just Do It!
4	went in tonight on my way home and scored two pairs of $35 sweats for $12 each, yea!!! also found a beanie for my kid for $7 not such a great deal but it does have a Nike swoosh on it and we all know that = $$$$ it was marked down from $15. this place is hit and miss but i have always been able to find a decent deal on something i wanted when i go in. check it out. the mall is kind of dumpy but they are remodeling it so hopefully one day it will be nice.
5	Awesome!!!!  I went to get a new pair of running shoes and didn't know a thing about the different models of shoes.  Then I was helped by Brandon.  Not only was this guy extremely knowledgeable, but he was genuine and sincere in his efforts to help me with my purchase.  He knew more about the different models of Nikes than anyone I've ever met.  He also new about feet and athletics.  I wrote him an awesome review on their survey website.  I hope it helps him out.  I'd recommend everyone go and ask for this guy.  You'll be as impressed as I was.
4	Nice size factory store for Nike!! They got a lot of selections with fair prices!!!!
4	I'm not a huge fan of Nike other then for workout gear and running shoes but this place was huge!!! A group of friends and I visited the outlets one lazy weekend day and this place caught my eye. The pricing was wonderful and the selection was vast, if I didn't have to fly back to San Francisco with just my small carry-on suitcase I think I would have bought a new pair of running shoes!
5	I've been going to this outlet store for years. This is a much larger store (more space) than the Premium Outlets/North. Though, we don't always buy here (the prices are much higher than Adidas overall), it's worth stopping by to see the shoe selection, especially when they are on sale (like shox). The ones along the wall in the boxes without tops are on clearance. When we went on saturday afternoon, it was an extra 20% off the clearance shoes and an additional 30% off the clearance clothing (maybe this was a weekend promotion?). Plus, we had saved our coke reward points for months and had gift cards to burn (a win-win). We had already checked the Nike Outlet @ Premium/North a few days earlier. There was a much larger selection here. Men's shoes are to the left of the store, while women's are to the right of the store, and children's are to the far right of the store. There are lots of benches with the try-on socks below and mirrors are all over too. I found six pairs to try on, and was stuck between two comfortable pairs (since the others weren't really my colors). I chose the black pair @ $39.99. My husband was stuck between two pairs as well, though one was a little out there (kinda reminded me the Jim Carrey movie, "The Mask" except the majority was like a smurf blue color and it was some weird material too) so he kept asking me if it was funny, and I told him "yeah, but if you like it, what does it matter?" He chose the latter pair (red, black and white) after all this. The young man assisting my husband was very nice, volunteering to get him a different size. We didn't look at the other sections because we each really wanted a pair of shoes. Even though there is a lot of selections and many customers, it wasn't very messy (ie. boxes of shoes lying around). Overall, this is a clean store and the shoes are organized/well stocked. Checkout was fast and the cashier was pretty nice too. After all that, we still have a balance left, on our gift cards, which does not expire. Back to collecting all those coke reward points...If you need to recycle your shoes, there is a metal collection bin near the entrance/exit, against the wall.
2	Always loved Nike products. My boyfriend and I went to go get more running/workout wear. He wandered by the shoes and asked a floor employee about the difference in two shoes. Needless to say, my boyfriend was very disappointed that three of these sales persons couldn't answer that question. Expected their employees to have a little more product knowledge...or at least know how to get the customer's answers.Love NIke. Not the service :(
5	I expected it to be heavily packed with shoppers considering it was the weekend, but I guess I was lucky because the crowds were decent and not crazy at all.Upon entering I rushed to the clearance section of shoes and browsed for some hot items before hitting the display shoe aisles.  And sure enough, I came up on a pair of black Lebron 8's V1.  Although the size of the shoe did not match the box, a Nike employee was able to talk to the manager to give me the reduced sticker price on the box for $49.99 which was pretty damn awesome and a steal for me..Overall, this location seemed to have a pretty good shoe selection but nothing as good and priced as the Lebrons I had in my hand.
4	It's a hit or miss tore depending on where you're looking for. Especially on the rack, some of the shoes are cheaper than the price tag which is a good thing or bad thing. You'll be surprised when you get rung up. I bought a shoe thinking it was $54.99. Price was $33 after 25% off.
4	This is ALWAYS my first stop in Vegas after landing at McCarran & picking up my rental car because it's about a mile away from it. Very convenient for me that the LV Premium outlets aka Beltz outlets is on the way to the strip from the McCarran RentaCar Center.Been here many times, scored many deals, came away with many pairs before I even stepped foot on the strip. The employees have always been super cool. Some even remember us upon our return... Once an employee even gave me a discount coupon to use for my purchases. Super cool of him. It was greatly appreciated.This Nike factory store is probably the biggest in square footage compared to the Charleston one or the one on Eastern. Good selection of shoes for men & women. Decent amount for kids. Clearance section is a good sized one, too. If you're willing to search you just might come up.Apparel selection is good. I've gotten a lot of Manchester United team clothing here. Some track jackets & dri-fit training tops, as well. I always look for dri-fit basketball shorts & found many a pair here that were the right price & right style.This is a must stop.
5	Six months ago, I bought a pair of sneakers. I hit the gym 5x/wk (and sometimes more), but my right shoe had a problem with the sole. I went into the store and wanted to buy another pair. The manager helped me and **offered** to swap them out, no questions asked. I didn't even have to ask. I'm a customer for life. Great customer service.
3	This is one busy Nike.  I have my favorite Nike Stores that I like to hit and this one is ranked in some where in the middle. Size of this location is about the same with the others I frequent in California. When it comes to product, it's hit and miss for me.  Either they have a ton of deals and a great selection or I can't find anything that interest me.  One thing about Nike is that their prices are up there compared to their competition (i.e. UA, Adidas, Reebok, etc).  You can sometimes find good prices, but the quality is usually lacking.  Remember, you get what you pay for. But with Nike, you also are paying for the name. This location can get really busy, especially during the weekends and holidays.  And when it gets busy, getting some basic customer service is lacking here.  Often I have to chase someone down for assistance.  I actually prefer the Nike at Primm and Viejas (San Diego CA) over this one.  But if you're at this outlet mall and looking for sportswear, give them a try.  I may not find what I'm looking for, but you may.
3	Sneakers aren't my thing, so you won't find me this type of store too often. On this occasion, I came here because my fella had been wanting a pair of new Shox and I thought I'd surprise him with a pair for Valentine's Day. I came in during lunch and despite how busy they were, I had quite a number of employees ready to offer me assistance. They didn't have a lot of options in the particular style I was looking for, but I was happy that they all went out of their way to walk me to the aisles where I would find what I was looking for. Overall, the store is nice but they don't seem to have as many varieties of shoes I had hoped for. They do have quite an extensive amount of discounted and clearance shoes to look over, which I'm always a fan of.
4	No need to pay full price at the sporting goods stores, when there is plenty of selection at the Nike Factory Store!  This store always has sales and is a great place for footwear and clothing.They used to have these really cool shirts that said "Las Vegas" with just the swoosh, however now that has been changed to a more flame look, which in my opinion doesn't look as cool.Also don't come here looking for sporting gear, they have a limited selection of balls which aren't really at a low price.  Overall though this is the first place I go when buying footwear!
5	The shopping experience at the Nike store located in the Belz Factory Outlet mall, in comparison to the store within Caesar Palace Forum Shops, was far superior in every imaginable aspect.Upon entering the store, I was greeted with a warm greeting. Through the course of the visit, a friend and I were approached several times, addressed courteously, and asked if we would need any help. I found their attentiveness very pleasing.The atmosphere was much different inside this specific location, as opposed to the Caesar Palace locale. Every Nike team member here, was moving about meaningfully, either engaged with customers face-to-face, or replenishing the shelves, racks, or store front.Overall, I was quite impressed. This store has, and will in the future garner my business.
3	A-Ok in my book. Nike SB's are getting harder to find (at least in Nike Outlet stores) but this Factory Store had one so I just had to get it. My current SB is dilapidated so I needed a new one.
2	I typically LOVE the Nike Factory Store, I have never been able to resist entering one that I come across.. Why? because  they have AMAZING deals on awesome shoes. Yes just as with any outlet type location it is the luck of the draw. This time I was looking for shoes for my son. Sadly they didn't have any for him but I was blessed with the chance to score a pair of really comfy shoes for myself for only $54 to use as my new gym wear. So if I love the deal I got why am I only giving two stars? Well this location LITERALLY had at least 3-5 employees who couldn't even bother to say Hi to me as they walked past putting away their go backs let alone ask if I need help.  I am a frequent guest and typically I cannot get them to leave me alone or stop saying Hi or asking if I need help. It was really off putting especially since I actually needed help plus it was one of those days where a friendly smile or hello would of made my day. I even probably would of left with a couple of pair of shoes. When I checked out I was helped by one of the shift leads and I did mention my concerns and she stated it would be a coaching chance. So hopefully next time I go I can update my review!
1	COMPLETELY ignored by a few associates. Came in, wanted to buy new shoes. I was ON A MISSION. Alas, no one cared/bothered to assist me and it wasn't that busy anyway, especially on a Saturday. I'll never come to this Nike Factory Store again - we have far better ones in San Diego anyway.
2	Friendly clean store but really not 'outlet' deals. Prices are marked down but not like other outlets. If you do need something though, clean store with friendly staff. I needed some running pants I. A pinch and found then there but still $$
5	Great selection of Nike shoes, clothing and accessories. I came here with the family to find a good pair of shoes. We found them along with friendly and helpful service. The store is kept neat and organized. There were 3 associates folding shirts and many more walking the store available to help anyone that needed it. Nike heaven!
4	Very nice selection as long as you don't mind having the most modern style.  The staff is very helpful and nice.   You can save at least 20 percent off...
3	Friendly employees. Nice clean store. Prices are average. Good selection to chose from.
4	Who doesn't love Nike? And at a discounted price? Done and done!!I always find a good deal every time I come in here. I'm never on a hunt for a specific something, I just know a good deal when I see it. I would come here a lot when I was younger and browse the kids clearance section while shopping with my dad. We would always walk out with 2 or 3 pairs. Now that I'm older, I always find a good deal on shoes in the women's clearance. Found a pair of running shoes originally $90 marked down to $49! I've also found a few tank tops and sweat pants on sale. On my most recent trip, I didn't find anything for me, but I found the bf a gray tank top on sale for $11 and some basic black slip on sandals to wear around the house for $16. Steal!! The store is organized by sport and is always clean. It can get a little chaotic at times but employees do their best to maintain the area. I like to be left alone while shopping, but I do appreciate the employees asking me if everything is ok. Good products with great prices!! I'll definitely be back! P.S. Park at the north end of the mall for easy in and out shopping.
5	Went there and got two pairs of Nike frees for $102 and some change, great sales and the associates are awesome. When we walked in we were asked if we needed help immediately (the store was packed and everyone looked as if they were happy and being helped) we were pointed in the right direction and given a bag to put stuff in while we shopped. Found the shoes looked through racks ( they don't typically carry the soccer sweat pants just FYI but when they do get them in they sell out quickly) after looking around we saw the line looking fairly long... It moved extremely fast. Will definitely be back.
