4	This was the first time I had been to a Red Lobster in my life, and from what I have heard, they were like a seafood-centric version of Sizzler. Not in the least.. I must say I had a nice time here from the beginning to end. The server was courteous and prompt, the appetizer bread was surprisingly good, and the entrees were very tasty. I had the Surf and Turf, expecting the steak to be sub-par. I love steak, and this was excellent steak. Perfectly cooked and coupled with Lobster tails (2). I don't really dig on seafood, so this is a place I won't be frequenting, but I highly recommend and would gladly come back. I actually "sent my regards to the chef", like a dork...
3	OK, so each cheesy biscuit contains more than 8 grams of fat (2.5 g saturated) and is high in sodium (350 mg each).  I only eat the crunchy exterior, anyway, so I can live with myself visiting RL once every few months and enjoy a few of these.  I really enjoyed the crab linguine alfredo with crablegs and a side of wild rice pilaf.
1	Bad day? I don't know. I've had better meals at other Red Lobster restaurants. The only good thing about tonight's experience was the waiter, Bryan. Fast, efficient, polite and funny, just how I like it. We had a Lobsterita (huge margarita) and shared it. Regretted it too, since it was way too sour and had a chemical taste to it. I couldn't take but two sips and then I switched to something else that I knew it'll taste much better, water. The salads were made with wilted lettuce and sore looking tomatoes. Croutons were ok. The all too familiar hot bread was good, as it is always. The main dish, a medium cooked steak and grilled shrimp was delivered on time. Steak was chewy at best, although the marinade's taste was ok. Shrimp were grilled well, not too much or too little. My wife's shrimp scampi was absolutely tasteless, overcooked shrimp in some sort of shrimp juice, with very little butter and no garlic. Pretty horrifying if you ask me.I think this is the last visit we're going to pay to this location. As I said before, I've had much better meals there and I cannot justify the bill when we are not satisfied with the quality of food. Too bad...
5	After my bad experience at Mac's Broiler and Tap, we went to this Red Lobster and couldn't believe how fast we got seated, how nice the staff were, how quickly we got our drinks and food. I highly recommend this Red Lobster.
2	This once was to be a family favorite. We usually went every other week. The Fish selection once was plentiful. The value was good. However this is ass become less true over the recent years. The fish selection both fresh and off the normal menu had dwindled. On my last trip they did not even have Salmon. The Mahi Mahi has been gone for years, and if there was ever tuna on the menu the price and the inability to cook it rare made it a poor choice. I went here with my family for one of our now rare trips there. The wait was short, and the service was pleasant. My main complaint was the menu. The only fresh fish were talipa, trout and one other option, I don't recall. I went with a full order of the trout, over their newish "wood fire grill option." I found that it imparts a stubble smoky char taste that works well with the high surface area of the trout. As usual the meal came with a Cesar salad that was acceptable, and their butter, salt and cheese laden biscuits that are great way to add mass to yourself. Due to the lack of fresh fish my parents opted for an old favorite, the fried flounder. This is possibly the best fried fish out there. It is also one of the cheapest items on the menu. I recommend you try it at least once. Until the fish selection grows and the ever increasing prices stabilize I won't be coming here too often. I just wish there was a good fish place on this side of town.
2	I think I need more adventitious dining parents, at their request I returned here with them for dinner.There was no wait at 6:20pm on a Sunday, perhaps the rising prices and dwindling fish selection has disparaged more than just myself. As if the fresh fish selection of four was not small enough, my fist choice, the trout was no long in stock. I decided to give the Cajun tilapia a try. I know tilapia is a garbage fish but their menu did not leave me much choice. The fish was dry, tasteless and had the texture of a overcooked fish stick. On the side was broccoli, that was over cooked and limp, probably from a frozen source, and then French fries.As usual the meal included, a small Cesar salad, and the salt filled cheese bisques.   Our waitress was a bit odd, she seemed to have just finished orientation and said all of the lines about the menu, etc, it was a bit awkward.
2	A new trend is emerging, poor ordering. We arrived and asked for the fresh fish menu, to our surprise they did not have one as they were out of most of their fish.The Blame for this lays solely on a poor manager not ordering correctly. We should have just gotten up and left, be we stayed due to time issues.I had the wood fire grilled salmon. It was over done, and the quality of the fish was impressive as the color was straight from a salmofan and there was very little salmon flavor, defiantly not a wild sakeye.
1	Screaming kids and frozen seafood. That is about all this place had to offer. After years of not going to Red Lobster, I decided to try it again for their "crabfest" special. Unfortunately, I was reminded of why I quit going here. Upon arriving, we were greeted by a large party with mainly young kids that were screaming and being abnoxious. UNCLE RANDY!!!! God you would think they hadn't seen their uncle, well, ever! Anyways, we were finally seated, unfortunately, not nearly far enough away from the hoards of screaming kids and babies. My husband and I do not have kids nor do we want them. We love to be able to go out to dinner but its gotten to the point where most restaurants are "family friendly" which usually entails jerk kids and parents that have learned to tune them out. Quite irritating and inconsiderate actually. In any event, I opted for the crab trio which came with king crab legs, snow crab legs, and crab stuffed shrimp. I ordered the creamy lobster mashed potatoes and a cup of the clam chowder. The hub ordered the shrimp trio which came with two types of shrimp (can't remember what they were but when i asked the hub, he stated "sh*t, mostly just sh*t.") and schrimp pasta. He officially hates Red Lobster if you couldnt tell. Both him and I agreed that most of our food tasted as if it was frozen and from a bag. The clam chowder tasted canned. The cheesy sauce on my potatoes along with my shrimp tasted fowl and almost had a chemical taste to it. And most importantly, the biscuits which we had looked forward so much to were overcooked and dry. These used to be the best part of the meal but they have really gone downhill. Actually the restaurant in general has gone downhill. The service was ok but I have one complaint. Although they give you crab crackers, they don't give you the other little gadget that you use to tear the crab so its easier to open. This would have helped alot when I was eating my king crab legs considering that they are thorny and sharp. Not worth cutting up my petite cute little hands to get a little bit of crab meat. Haha.To wrap it up, we will never go back unless we have company and they want to go there. Then I guess we would have to find something to choke down. It sucks because we used to love Red Lobster when they first came out but the quality of, well, everything has gone down throughout the years. The price however, I am fairly certain has gone up. If I am going to pay nearly $40 for a meal, I expect it to be fresh and magnificent, and I expect to not see a misbehaved child in sight. I am not normally a fan of more upscale restaurants but I think i might be giving more of those types of places a try after eating at Red Lobster.
3	Red Lobster reminds me of Olive Garden with a seafood focus. Our server reminded me of Brian, the sever with "flair" from Office Space. He seemed nice, just a tad over the top.  I appreciate the effort, but he had a little to much energy for me.  The food was better than I expected and they were perfect size portions for lunch. My salad was a little over dressed and the add on shrimp were the tiny little ones (now I see why it was only 99 cents), I wouldn't get them again. The biscuits and jambalaya were good.We went there to use a gift card we won. I would go back if we won another one, but with so many places to eat, Red Lobster is not going to be my first pick.
4	We went on a busy night, we waited a little but the service was outstanding! There was a hair in one of our salads. Boo!!We got half off the bill because of it! Woohoo!
2	Drinks were great. But...Damn their Seafood needs some change. I couldn't even finish the meal. First bad experience though. It may have just been a bad night.
3	We went on a Tuesday at about 7:00pm and were seated right away.Our service was excellent -- water glasses remained filled, the waiter stopped by often to check on things, salad and dinner dishes were removed promptly, etc.Our orders included salmon baked on a cedar plank, a whole lobster and one of the lobster fest specials. The food was well prepared and presented.I am not a fan of chain restaurants, but there are not a whole lot of places in this neck of the desert that serve lobsters.
4	I went with my parents on a Tuesday night around 8 pm and it was not very busy. We were seated right away and the hostess was very nice and made sure we got seated where we wanted. The server was very helpful and answered all questions we had very effectively. He was an awesome and  very polite guy with an outstanding personality. The food was very fresh and tasted very good. The great atmosphere of the restaurant made us have a wonderful time and we would definitely go back.
2	Food was tasty but the service sux!  I visited @ 3pm on a tuesday ... My server was also handling host ane bartender duties.  Long long long long wait for condiments and extra biscuits.  Tick tick tick down went the tip!  Service is poor to say the least
2	Red Lobster, to me, is just a glorified fast food restaurant that serves seafood. That doesn't mean it's bad, it's just not my first pick for seafood, considering their prices....That said, why did I come here? The usual reason you go anywhere low on your "worth my time" list, everyone else in your group wants to go.  We came in because our friends wanted to do the 4 course meal deal for 15 bucks. That is a good deal, I have to say, but if you are someone like me who has dairy allergies and can't choose anything off the deal menu (everything is laden with cream or butter....), then it's not worth your time.....For me, I ordered the salmon and shrimp with a maple-something glaze.....the positive: my salmon was not overdone. The negative: since I have to specify no butter or cream on anything, they were real good about making sure the fish was dairy free (yes, that is a positve too) the funny thing is, they served the maple glaze on the side "just in case"....huh? so, I asked, does the glaze have butter in it or something? "no, but we put it on the side, just in case" yeah. I still don't get it....... Another annoying thing was the fact that my plate came with mashed potatos (note to my dairy-free peeps: restaurants like this DO NOT have dairy free mashed potatos....everything is pre-made, we're not special enough for the cook to go make our very own mashed potatos....) AND with the rice pilaf.....which, having visited here before, I'm pretty sure is not dairy free. (I asked about the rice....usally they give me a different option, like steamed veggies or something, but our server just seemed a little frazzled, and didn't quite understand what I was asking.......)Not to mention..... my food came out a good 15 minutes later then the rest of the people at my table. :/ not cool. It was a busy night...but, come on....I KNOW fish doesn't Take THAT long to cook.......
1	How do they make the food so tasteless?  And the tartar sauce, has no taste. Isn't the point of Tatar sauce to ADD flavor?  Meanwhile the wait staff must get bonus points for using the word "awesome."
2	This was the experience that will keep me from ever going to Red Lobster again.     We came here Saturday Night, because, i have been craving Lobster.  It is Saturday night and we had to wait. No problem, we sat on the balcony & had a nice time.    The hostess was very pleasant and seated us in a nice booth.   The restaurant is under construction, so it looks tacky and smells like chemicals.  Not a great idea to keep open while you are working on it.    Anyway that aside... Our waiter was the absolute worst!!!!  His  name was Bob,my boyfriend got Boston Ice tea and i wanted coffee.  I asked Bob if he would make a fresh pot for me because, i knew it is not popular on a Saturday Night and would be old.  He seemed really put off with that and said it would take a long time. I said i don't mind i am not going anywhere.   Within Minutes he came back with with coffee and the Ice Tea.   The Ice Tea has cranberry juice in it, which is their signature drink.   My coffee was old and cold, no surprise because, he did not make new.    When he came back with our appetizer i said, i am sorry this coffee is old and cold and i cannot drink it. Can i please just have a hot tea.  He said , well i can make a fresh pot. Huh, did i not ask for that the first time. I said, no , i will just have a hot tea.  He filled my boyfriend's ice tea with regular, not the Boston Ice tea he had ordered.    Then he continually ignored our table.  I had to up to the bar to get new ice Tea and hot water for my tea.   Another waiter brought us out our food. Though he could not find the table because,  Bob had put the wrong table number on our check.  This was expensive night out. A $60.00 bill and we were not even drinking alcohol. When you spend that much money, You at least want to have a good dinner. Sadly we will never go here again.
3	The server could have been better. She spilled a coke on my lap. This made me late for my movie. The wait was so-so however the food was cooked to my liking. I will go back.
1	This night at Red Lobster was the worst. We came here on a Saturday night. We had to wait but, not a problem at all. You expect that on a busy night. The place is under construction and that is not good to keep it open while that is going on. It actually smelled like chemicals and building materials. The worst part about this night was our waiter Bob. He had no interest in doing a good job that night or in making any money apparently. We had the worst possible service that you could imagine. Old and cold coffee, wrong drinks and ,he even put the wrong number on our order. So that when someone else brought out our food they could not find us.  The cheese biscuts are not what they used to be, All fake ingredients in my book. Not happy at all with our experiance here, I absolutly will say we will never be back.
4	My family and I love Red Lobster, We go on date nights here about once a month.  Always ask for Sara she is the Best Waitress and always remembers what we had the last time we where in.  She is So Awesome!
4	Always a favorite.  Took my wife for Mothers Day and was not disappointed.  If you want a good seafood dinner and don't want to make reservations I highly recommend.
5	Great local and friendly staff, not to mention the food is delicious and their menu extensive with quality dishes to satisfy any appetite. Needless to say, we shall return without a doubt.
2	The last few times I've been to Red Lobster, the food has been pretty bad. On this particular night, we decided to go because my boyfriend had a $25 gift card. The gift card helped with the cost, but dinner was still around $30 out of pocket (and that's with their new 4 courses for $14.99) deal and no alcohol. We decided to order an appetizer (calamari) and that was the best thing we ate all night! The new england clam chower soup was a joke!! It was really watery and I found myself having to add salt and pepper for more flavor. I didn't even finish it and new england clam chowder is my favorite soup!!Next was a caesar salad, which was good. For my entree, I had the grilled honey BBQ shrimp. I was really unimpressed and thought it was bland. For dessert, I had the brownie. It was a good portion size for the amount of food I had already eaten and tasted good.At this location, I felt uncomortable with our server. He never looked at my boyfriend when he came to our table and was coming over to check on us constantly to see if we needed anything. It was annoying and distracted my boyfriend and I from any conversation we were having at the time. We still tipped him well but both felt uncomfortable.Needless to say, I will not be venturing to Red Lobster anytime soon. I feel as though there are much better seafood places for a better or more reasonable price.
3	Pretty good over priced food and expected its seafood but I'd only give this place three stars because it's your typical franchise you get service as if you were going through a McDonalds drive thru window your just missing the fast part. Server had no idea what kinda fish he bright out he was asked by a member of our party what kind of trout he was being served and our waiter replied with "uhmmmm yah I think it's rainbow but I don't know that's a good question!" and I'm thinking yeah go ask someone? But no he just continued to linger at our table as if he was going to take his lunch break with us. There was more annoying little things that occurred but you get my point maybe?
2	Lobster was not fully cooked. Eewweee
1	My husband and I decided to dine at Red Lobster this past week. We were ready for some seafood and thought it would be the place to go. I should have realized we were in trouble when we saw that they were not busy! We both ordered grilled and steamed seafood dishes with salad & vegetables. First the salad was brought to our table and the bowl had about 5-6 pieces of lettuce and two tiny pieces of tomato and cucumber-are you serious? It was less than mediocre! Then our main dishes came and the seafood was horrible. My scallops smelled funny and tasted bad. I bit into my shrimp and they were very mealy and had no real flavor. The grilled Lobster tail was ok-it's hard to ruin. My husband had to send his white fish back-it tasted horrible & they brought him grilled shrimp-same bad taste! Our only positive thing was our server. We asked to speak to the manager and they said they would be right over. After 15 minutes of waiting we got up & left. Don't waste your time or money at this place!!!
1	It's extremely doubtful we'll ever go back!  Nope - Not - Decided!  What was wrong?  A bit of everything!  First off, my seat had a "butt crater!"  Normally I would have asked for a different booth, butt (ha,ha) we had waited the better part of 40 minutes, we were hungry, and there were no available tables in sight.  So then I had to make a decision, sit "in" the crater or balance myself on the "high part."  As if that wasn't bad enough (it was,) the downward spiral continued: the smallest salad you've ever seen served in a "papa bear's" size bowl, the up-charge for a cup of soup when substituting for the salad (nearly full price,) and then it's watery and tasteless, an appetizer that looked much better in pictures, and entrees without taste and texture!  For the two of us, it was an $80 disappointment.
5	Our server was excellent and the food was great, the long island ice tea was perfect. can not wait to go back again. Tip: make sure you go during the hours of 3-4 on the weekend it was dead, so it was excellent
3	Treated aunt to a belated birthday dinner (three other adults and two children dining; I only had a cocktail and two teensy flakes off of the top of a cheddar biscuit.  BE AWARE that EACH biscuit contains 8 grams of fat, 2.5 grams saturated, and a total of 150 calories.  They ordered *Berry-Mango daiquiris http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/red-lobster-chandler-2?select=d3bUfGn-UZ1bEq99wODlTg#d3bUfGn-UZ1bEq99wODlTg and I a *classic mojito. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/red-lobster-chandler-2?select=iNV2KvaH87Oqi9k_JefLFA#iNV2KvaH87Oqi9k_JefLFA  I heard that the berry-mango was a balanced mixture of fruit flavors, but the alcohol was hardly-detectable.  The alcohol flavor wasn't missed at all, though.  Everyone who had them "ooh"ed and "ahh"ed.  I wished a simple mango version was available, but I'm also glad it wasn't, or else I would never have found out that RL, or more specifically the bartender working that shift, served a TERRIFIC mojito!  My first sip disappointed, but once I swirled everything a few times with the straw, the drink actually turned out to be one of the best mojitos I've ever had!  It's a classic version, made with Bacardi Superior rum, muddled mint, pure cane sugar (don't like ones made with simple syrup-- too sweet), freshly-squeezed lime juice, and club soda.I would never be able to dine here (aversion to farm-raised fish, intolerance/allergy to whitefish, shellfish allergies, and Blue Bunny ice cream choices contain corn syrup), but I wouldn't mind enjoying a mojito while everyone else dines!  :)*Berry-mango daiquiri = 350 calories*Mojito = 190 calories
3	It's Red Lobster. What do you expect. If you think it is going to be the best seafood you have ever had then you haven't had really good seafood. But at the same time it isn't the worst. It isn't some dark dirty place with questionable seafood that will make you sick just looking at it. It is what it is.You go to Red Lobster when they have a special. Which most of the time are pretty good and not to expensive for what you get. The regular menu, to me, is not to exciting. Same old same old. The most recent time I was here I got their pick two special for like $12 or $13 dollars. I got the shrimp and crab pot pie, which sounds interesting I know but it was actually pretty good, and the Parmesan fried shrimp. You think you need cocktail sauce for the shrimp but they taste great just by themselves. Overall it was surprisingly good. Plus who can resist their cheddar biscuits. So good. The pot pie was topped with the cheddar biscuit dough so it made it that much better.Like I said when they have a special that looks good I will be back. The restaurant is clean and nice and the service is always good. It is what it is.
1	Gross... the only great thing about my meal was the chedder biscuits. I knew by the look of my meal when it came to the table I was going to get food poisoning. I WAS RIGHT.
3	It was your typical Red Lobster experience.  The food was good but not great (except for the biscuits, I dream about those bad boys), it took care of my craving for clam chowder and fried shrimp.  The server I had was nice and he was pretty quick with bringing everything to me and making sure my water was filled.  I think "A-OK" pretty much sums up the whole thing.
1	Standing in the lobby. Told by the servers it would be a 15-20 min wait by the hostess.  Walked around the restaurant.  5 two tops,5 four tops, and two 8 tops open but they are making about 6 parties of people not including us wait.  ARE YOU KiDDING ME!!!
5	Endless shrimp is back for September!! (ask for the coconut shrimp (they aren't on the list but, they'll serve them).
3	Biscuits.That's why I come here.And I eat a crap load of them. Delicious.
5	You know what this place deserves a great review from me. Yeah, yeah I know what you're thinking "Jamie it's just a Red Lobster". It is a Red Lobster and I am a regular customer here because my dad loves this place and honestly I don't have anything bad to say about them. Their service has always been spectacular; all of their wait staff have been nothing but fun and friendly to my very dysfunctional family. I've had many items on the menu and have enjoyed everything. Not to mention, they have a great bar. Where else can I get a double sized frozen margarita with my seafood meal? This place handles large parties gracefully and easily splits checks when needed. This Red Lobster has served me and my family well for years. I love the different "fest" seasons too, Lobster Fest being my favorite!
3	Went here because my friends wanted to. I asked our server how much a specific drink was since they don't put prices on the menu and he said "Oh, $5, maybe some change", I thought it was reasonable enough and got one and it ended up being $6.99. It may sound stupid but this really bothered me because I wouldn't have ordered it if I had known it was actually $7 for a shot of rum with some fruit juice. I'm a server in a similar price range restaurant and know what it's like so I don't expect a server to have every price of everything memorized but just check and come back if you don't know. If that wasn't the case then he just flat out lied which I also don't appreciate.Entree tasted okay but was overpriced. The salad looked pretty pathetic and like it was from an elementary school cafeteria...small amount of cheap bagged salad with one big dressing blob in the middle. Darden should probably spend less on interior decorating and more on fresh food.
1	I'm not sure what changed but something has happened with the shrimp. I have never been, nor am I now, allergic to shtimp. If I eat shrimp literally anywhere else I have no issues.The last 2 times I visited Red Lobster, this location and the one near PV mall, I have had an allergic reaction. I mean I'm itching and breaking out in hives allergic. I played it off the 1st time as a fluke since I have been to RL dozens of times but after 2nd time in a row it was settled. I'm not 100% sure it's the shrimp or the biscuits or what but it's no good.
2	Ordered during my lunch today with just 3 or 4 others in the entire restaurant. I waited close to a half hour for my food (which was just an appetizer by the way). Ended up having to get my food to go so I could get back to lunch. Also sat at the bar and waited to be checked in with. Never happened. This was the first unsatisfactory experience I've had at Red Lobster. I'll stick to my usual location for future reference.
2	I went in here with my girlfriend and her daughter to get the all you can eat shrimp.  Things started off slow...sat there for 10 minutes before being greeted.  Finally, our server, Annie E. came over and said she would be with us in just a minute.  Ok...not a problem.  Then another server came over just to take our drink order.  We gave it to her and asked if she could take our food order as well?  When that happened, Annie came over right away and took our order.  Annie seemed nice from the beginning.  We ordered the shrimp and she asked if we wanted to put in 2 refills right now, since they take about 15 minutes to come out, and this would expedite things.  Score!  I was loving this already.  Then everything went downhill.The food took almost 30 minutes to come out.  At least the refills were coming soon...or at least I thought.  She didn't deliver the food, and didn't stop back for almost 10 minutes.  My water was empty for quite a while.  She asked if we were ready for the refills.  Of course we were, our food was gone.  We waited another 20 minutes for the refills that take 15 minutes to come out, that were supposed to be quicker since she took them ahead of time, but that didn't happen.We ate those, and waited...and waited...and waited.  She then came over and asked if we wanted more refills?  No thanks  I honestly didn't want to wait another 20 minutes.  The one meal came with a dessert, and I just asked if we could get that...and she started walking away.  I asked, as she was walking away, if I could get some more water, since they were empty, again and also a box as she was about 15 feet away.  She could not even wait until I finished my sentence before walking away.  I was never rude, I was just asking.She brought the items out and then tried to be nice again by asking if we wanted biscuits to go or more shrimp to go.  Again, I said, "No, thanks."  As we just wanted to go.I would skip this place.
5	We just had dinner at the Red Lobster in Chandler Arizona and our waitress was Theresa.Right away she made it known that there was some confusion with who was supposed to be waiting on our table.Honestly we did not even think it had bin a long time and we were still deciding what to eat anyway.She went out of her way regardless to make sure to make up for this when again we did'nt see it as a big deal.My wife and i had both been in the restaurant industry before and both waited on tables and understand how things like this sometimes just happen. Again we did not see it as a big deal anyway. I have always been a fan of Red Lobster anyway but today it was all about the exceptional service we received.I made sure to compliment Theresa's performance to the manager on staff as I am doing now here.Thank you Theresa, on this night you are greatly appreciated. The Bakers
4	I'm a little late with this update however about 3 weeks ago I decided to try Red Lobster again after seeing a commercial and really craving it. My experience was completely different. Chrystal was my server and she was great. There were just as many people in there as the last time, except this time I had my food delivered efficiently and Chrystal continued to check back in with me. She knew I was on a lunch break so she made sure to bring the check early so I could get back to work on time. My experience here was completely different and I will probably attend again when Chryst is working ;-)
1	Nasty, salty and buttery food. If you feel like getting a kidney stone, come here. I had the lobster pizza, was goods but there was salt chunks on the bottom.. Why? I had a bite of the salmon, yuck salt. The biscuits have always been good, but wow too much salt! The coconut shrimp was okay, the tartar sauce that came with it was gross and warm. The sauce had oil sitting at the top of it. I won't ever come back if they continue using salt on food that already has salt!
3	It's a Red Lobster, well kept and usually a wait but not too long. If you're not familiar with Red Lobsters, it's a decent American style seafood chain and make sure you try the biscuits.
1	I am writing my review based on my experience last friday (Dec. 26th 2014) when I came in for dinner. I had always came here with my family and we loved the food and experience but when I came in last week, it was like something from a horror show. I couldn't believe the customer service that was not only received but being given to those around us. When we came in, a gentleman said he'd be right with us to seat us. He never came back. Another person came to get us but started giggling and laughing and said to hold on a sec. He was looking at the seating charts I suppose. Another individual came up to help him and they had a whole conversation about where to seat us and who just got someone prior, etc etc. I am standing there in shock because not ONE but TWO other individuals came to help JUST to find us a seat. 4 people and neither could decide where until 1 of them asked a girl behind him if he could seat us with her. She didn't even look up and said "ya sure" in a bothered way. What the heck. I am sorry? We came in just to have a meal and be on our way. Instead we had this circus chain of actions. It gets better. We finally sat down around the right side of the restaurant. I noticed a table near us who had a different waitress. A gentleman asked her if he could have his fork and knife changed out while handing it to her, she rudely asked twice "excuse me what?" and he repeated. She said "Ok yeah" and walked away without even grabbing the utensils he was trying to hand her. We immediately got up and just left. Don't get me wrong, I love Red Lobster, they got wonderful food and beverages. I am rating this based on our experience at this location and how it was handled. The place wasn't even busy that night. There was only 2 other tables on the right side of the restaurant we sat at.
