3	Went here the other day. I had the Gyoza that was AWESOME and I am so in love with the sweet and spicy sauce that comes with it. I also had the Pork Tariyaki that was very similar to Chinese Bar-b-Que pork. It was very tasty and came in a huge portion but the meat tasted like it was one day away from being rotten. Ugh. My mom had the teriyaki chicken and it looked so fresh and good, but she said it was bland. I didn't taste it so I'm going to have to take her word on it. Other than that, it was a great meal. I'm a fan of their gyoza and am considering giving their sushi a try. I say, if you're on that side of town - give it a go. You just may like it. :)
4	I've been eating here at leaste 3 tims a month since they opened. i love the california rolls and the Gyoza are awsome but they recently changed the sauce it came with, more sweet and i really want the tonge burning fire sauce back. Egg rolls are awsome and a great size for only a buck. I loved the cheese puffs when the first opened, but recently i've started disliking them, not sure what changed. A much better place to eat than anything for several miles.
4	I've been coming here since they opened. If you want fresh good food and a good price for lunch or dinner this is the place to come. They have a small menu but, what they make they make very well. They even have some sushi and it is double portion to what you would normally get somewhere else. There isn't any raw fish but, their crunch roll and Vegas Roll are awesome and cheap.
5	Best Orange Chicken I ever had. I normally go there every Tuesday or at least once a week. The Sesame chicken, Lo mein and fried rice is good, too. The Sushi rolls, especially the Hawaii Roll is very tasty, but more expensive than the other food.
4	My husband and I just recently found this place, but we've gotten thier food at least 5 times already! Their Teriyaki chicken is delicious and the regular size is huge. I love their shrimp tempura rolls (though sometimes the avocado isn't as fresh as it should be) their cali rolls are great too. I didn't like their las vegas roll. The Gyoza and wontons are yummy. Did I mention their prices are amazing as well?? I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area!
5	Amazingly great food and light on the wallet! I usually get something different every time now that they have an expanded menu
5	The price was unbelievable, the portions are HUGE and the food was truly great. There's not much more to say than that. I don't give out 5 stars lightly and I was shocked to find food that good at this small, order at the counter, hole-in-the-wall.Try the orange chicken, it's the best I've had at anywhere besides a couple of very upscale restaurants.I will absolutely eat here again next time I'm on this side of town.
4	Our favorite neighborhood Chinese restaurant.  They really need to expand their veggie menu, although I still haven't gotten tired of the House Tofu dish.  I think we've gotten that every time we've gone to Li's Bowl, but have also tried the House Shrimp and a couple other dishes.  All in all, this is some of the better takeout in our part of town.
3	We dined here the last time I was in the area based on the high reviews. Price and portions were great as everyone states but the food was mediocre. We had an order of the general chicken, house wings and teriyaki chicken to share for 3 of us. There was enough food for at least 5. Everything tasted alright but I felt everything was a little "off". Like if it was missing some zing factor. General Chicken was missing the slight vinegary taste. It was just sweet. House wings were more on the sweet, than salty or garlicky. I think thats what it is, everything was more sweet than anything else and just too sweet for my liking. I was surprised that they use real jasmine rice here which was a good plus. Not the cheap wanna be kind chinese fast food restaurants uses to lower costs.I'd put this along with the any other fast food chinese joint. Wont be back for their Chinese food, but maybe for their sushi offerings since they looked tempting and were also priced nicely... but thats a big MAYBE.
5	Huge portions, way cheaper than other Chinese restaurants. Recommended!
5	Li's Bowl has become the neighborhood favorite of my husband and me.  We both LOVE their teriyaki pork and I LOVE their california rolls.  Their prices are very reasonable and they are always very friendly.  The one thing that we had that isn't so great is the egg rolls but finding a really good egg roll has eluded us for a very long time.  If anyone has any suggestions please let me know!!  Anyway, I highly recommend Li's Bowl for large portions at a very good price with a smile!!
3	When we're by his house, the boyfriend and I go here for our Chinese fix.  I'm a big fan of their sweet and sour chicken.  I've tried a couple other menu items, but always come back to the chicken.  The breading has a great flavor to it; the chicken is nice and tender white meat.  Boyfriend usually goes for the teriyaki beef or the General Tsos.  It is always fresh, and you can taste the quality of the oil they fry the s/s chicken in.I would not recommend the sushi here; I wasn't feeling hungry one time, and just got a California roll.  Decidedly mediocre.  As others have mentioned, the portions are HUGE.  My chicken is always overflowing in the container - usually they have to force the lid on.  Two large meals is generally $20, and translates into dinner + two more meals of leftovers.If you're looking for some yummy, American-style Chinese take-out in Laveen... Lis Bowl is the way to go.
4	Yes I love this place.....cheap, fast, and good lol....I eat here bout 2 times a week...my favorite is the lo mein
3	Not too shabby, reasonable prices, and ready within 10 minutes of calling.We went to town and sampled a little bit of everything:Pork dumpling appetizer was delicious!Shrimp tempura roll was good, but nothing special. This roll seems to taste the same no matter where you get it?!Garlic chicken was ok, although kinda sparse on the chicken.Sesame chicken seemed to be the overall winner.General Tso's chicken was ok, but no spice at all.The fried rice is like regular rice with some brown food coloring--disappointing for sure.Will continue to try and find a good chinese place on the westside of town!
4	Great General Taos Chicken and AMAZING SUSHI!! Will will not go to any of the other so called chinese places down near Laveen but Li's Bowl. Their prices are very reasonable and they servings are resonable as well. Would definately recomend to everyone in the area!! And they are open till 11pm can't beat that!!
3	We probably get take out from Li's 3 or 4 times a month. For the most part, the food is quite good, but there have been some inconsistencies. My husband loves the veggie lo mein and the avocado salad, in part because of their huge portions. The won ton soup has become our favorite and the cheese won tons (like rangoons) are always fresh and more flavorful than many other places. I think what makes me give Li's Bowl 3 rather than 4 stars is the sushi. The quality really depends on the day. They must get a shipment of fresh fish in before the weekend, because Friday's sushi is always great, but Sunday's and Monday's fish can be mushy and not so fresh. Li's is one of the better places to eat in Laveen, however. Just pick your raw fish days carefully.
4	We frequent Li's bowl fairly regularly. Not a lot of options in Laveen, and Li's doesn't disappoint.As vegetarians, there are a good amount of choices. Avocado salad, veggie lo mein, veggie fried rice, tofu and vegetables and avocado/cucumber rolls are our most frequent choices. Always fast service too.
1	This place sucks!! I moved to the valley and have yet to find that "go to " chinese spot, sooo I decided to give this spot a try. I called my order in and was assured by the employee that all the food is cooked to order, always fresh. So I picked up my food, and what do you know, I got some old azz fried rice with some microwaved shrimp. WTF??!! I give this place 2 thumbs down and I would not eat here if I was hungry as a hostage :(
5	OMG - Kung Pao Chicken!!! SO damn good!Never order the small, you get Bang for the buck! on food here with the large. The lady handed my amazing Kung Pao Chicken, and my arm literally dropped, had to weigh it, 3.5 lbs of food for under $10.General Tsao's chicken is also amazing! Not a bog fan of chinese food night, but always williing to go for some Li's Bowl!
4	I've tried a lot of their chicken. I love their fried chicken wings. I've checked a lot of places in AZ and is hard to find some. I would take Li's chicken over Churchs anyday.
5	Li's Bowl has been a favorite place for me since I moved to Laveen a few years ago. They have the best Orange Chicken that I've ever had (gotta get it extra spicy though) with the House Lo Mein (minus shrimp) coming in a close second. Their Sesame Chicken is pretty good too, and used to be my favorite dish until I tried the two previously mentioned items.I've never tried their fried rice, but their white rice (which is admittedly fairly hard to mess up) is always very good. The Won Ton Soup is also very tasty.The portions (regular size) are large enough that I don't think I've ever managed to finish an entire dish there without having to share with somebody else.
3	I'd never heard of Li's Bowl until today.  I came across it by chance and stopped in for lunch.  It's a nice little place in the middle of a nondescript strip mall and seemed to have a bit of traffic, so I thought I'd try it.  There's minimal Asian decor, but enough to keep it's A-Pac emphasis without being tacky.The service was friendly and quick.  My order was ready in about five minutes, so I was pleased with the turnaround time.  While waiting,  I grabbed a carryout menu and noticed it said they have "catering by appointment."  When I inquired about how much notice was needed, the employee had no idea.  I thought that was a little odd but, whatever.I wasn't in a particularly adventuresome mood, so I ordered my old standby of Orange Chicken with Fried Rice.  Both we so-so.  Both were served piping hot but the Orange Chicken was so tough it split my plastic fork at the very first stab.  I'm not sure if it was a matter of too much "batter", being slightly overcooked or a combination of the two, but I've had more tender chicken for sure.  The rice was fine, but had been seasoned with something that gave it the flavor of powdered L****n soup.  Pass the soy sauce, please!  Again, not the best I've had.I will also say my "medium" portion size was large; enough for lunch and leftovers for dinner.  If in the area again, I'd consider trying Li's Bowl again, but I'm curious to know what they can do with their sushi rolls and may opt for that, instead.
3	After reading Yelp reviews, I decided to try this place. Good Chinese is hard to find anywhere. It's on the way home and I was craving Chicken Fried Rice with a side of extra green onion. Duck juice too please, but they don't do that here.Here's a break down of my stars:1 Star: Quick Service. While at the counter I had Yelp up on my phone and I think the lady saw it because I placed my order she gave the order to the kitchen and started speaking in Chinese. It sounded like, "hurry up with order, this new customer and he on Yelp!"My order came out ahead of 2 orders previously placed by customers ahead of me. Hmm. Ok, impressive.2 Star: Tons of Rice. The small box was stuffed with rice and generous amount of chicken. I had it for dinner and brunch the next day.3 Star: Friendly face with a smile for service and rightly priced. The side of onion was only 50cents extra with my total being about $5. The place was also clean on the inside.
3	We liked Li's Bowl, but were not wow'ed by our experience.  It is a nice local take out joint, with decent food and good portions/pricing.  The service was fast and friendly. We had some sushi rolls and a couple of their combo meals.  Again, good but not great.    It wasn't anything super-spectacular, but we enjoyed it enough and would probably go there again if we had an immediate Chinese food take out craving.
3	I think 3 stars is pretty perfect for this place. It's not spectacular. It's not terrible. I find Li's Bowl is really fairly average.That is to say, if I'm sitting at home and I'm craving some Chinese food but don't want to drive a long distance, I'll go here without much hesitation. This has happened a number of times, matter of fact, and that's definitely not a bad thing. This just isn't the type of place I would go looking for "great' Chinese food at; nor is it a place I would take somebody promising the same.
5	One of my favorite take out sushi spots.  I even bring my friends from work here to eat lunch.  The sushi is very cheap but the quality is great.  The food is definitely fresh.  Sushi rolls that normally costs $16 for a 18 roll only costs around $7 here.  Fried rice is also good, but i normally pick this up on the way home to eat sushi.
4	I should start with the caveat that I'm giving it four stars considering its location.  Anywhere else (San Francisco, Seattle, etc.) I think it would be just average Chinese food and sushi, but for Arizona I think it's definitely four stars.  The sushi is decent--nothing amazing but it's not bad either.  I've been pleased with the entrees I've tried and the servings are generous.  My family of four usually gets three entrees and a large soup, and we have plenty of leftovers for the next day.
5	My typical dish of choice is Orange Chicken with Fried Rice.  It's AMAZING.  I wish I could afford to eat every meal there...I no longer live in Laveen, but I will be travelling back to Laveen (and who wants to do that) just to have lunch/dinner at my favorite chinese place in Phoenix.YUMMY!
4	Ok-  first this I NOT fine dining it's a fast food that said:It has a good selection of  Chinese and sushi. Worth a midweek stop for take out. Here's the run down.Shrimp and lobster sauce- not a typical presentation but good with plenty of shrimp.Gyoza- deep fried with hot dipping sauce. Ate them allCalifornia supreme roll- yummy and made fresh while I watched.Rainbow roll- looked good and tasted good!Yellowtail sashimi- good for fast foodFried rice-standardOver all worth a visit if you need take out on your way home from work. Will visit again.
4	I really thought I'd updated this already, since it's been almost 2 years since my first review. We still eat here often! Everything I said above still stands but we've tried a few other dishes they serve as well. Orange chicken - Decent but super spicy, was even a bit hot for my hubby who was raised on Cajun cooking. Sweet and Sour chicken - Delicious, the sweet and sour isn't runny at all.They also put the sauce on the side which is great, I hate having soggy take out! Broccoli and Beef - Pretty tasty, I get this when I'm not in the mood for sushi.Egg rolls - Neither of us found them very good.Garlic chicken - My husband liked it, far too spicy for me. Fried Rice - Husband likes it. I dislike fried rice in general. If you're in the area and you haven't tried this place, you really need to!
4	Great selection of food, tasty and pretty cheap too!Service is pretty good.For the people who doesnt like spicy on their dish, you can always ask them to NOT to add spicy on the dish that you ordered. Or even certain vegetables you dont eat like my wife, she only likes certain veggies on her chow mein or lo mein. Hope this helps
5	I've been getting the Kung Pao Beef or the Pepper Steak lately and both of these are really dang good as well. The dishes are fairly not-spicy by default. I always have them add extra (whatever it is) to make them a bit spicier. They taste just as good either way though.
5	I absolutely love to eat here. It is close to my neighborhood and is actually  pretty clean. The girl in the front is always very friendly and the food is super tasty. There is a lot of variety  and I as a cook myself do recommend this place to anyone that has a craving for sushi or chinese!!!
4	I've been going here for over a year, and I must say that they keep getting better and better. I would have given them a three rating the first time, but I believe the recipes consistently improve. I am a lover of General Tso chicken, and get it every time I go. My wife likes to vary her purchases, and agrees with the assessment that the food is getting better as well. It's really just a typical Chinese food place, but the execution is well above average. Prices are pretty good too.
4	I have lived all over the world....so I won't compare this to places like the Palace Hotel in San Francisco. What I will say is that if you live in the area you won't find better sushi anywhere. The prices are amazing and for those of you who are used to $10 sushi you know what I mean 16 piece California rolls for under $5 bucks.....try the shrimp tempura roll...but only get the half size or you will be too full. Overall the best values for the money anywhere in the area
4	I love there shrimp and lobster with fried rice.  Good value no frills restaurant but clean, and folks are friendly!
1	Confused by all the high reviews for their sushi. Usually yelp is right on. It is low-priced sushi without a doubt, so I wasn't expecting anything gourmet, but I gotta say...this sushi wasn't edible. The sushi you find in a Fry's grocery store or Whole Foods is better. I tried the Vegas Roll and their Alaskan Roll. The Alaskan roll was extremely fishy and couldn't eat more than one piece. The Vegas roll was funky. Can't quit put my finger on what it was...just didn't taste good...and definitely didn't taste like a Vegas Roll. Had a stomach ache after eating a couple pieces. Save your money and buy one roll at a better place. That one roll will fill you up more than two rolls that are inedible. Can't comment about their chinese food because I've never tried it...hope its better.
5	I love Li's Bowl!
5	Excellent! The egg rolls are my favorite egg rolls of anyplace I've eaten in Arizona. I typically get the garlic shrimp; spicy, and have never been disappointed. It's really easy for chefs to overcook shrimp, but not here. One of my friends typically orders, (we do take out, always)  the garlic chicken with fried rice, and the fried rice is some of the best I have tasted. None of the bloating that sometimes goes along with eating Asian cuisine, either.  Take out...amazingly steaming hot when you get it home. Fresh, delicious food and  friendly staff. Give it a try.
5	Love Li's bowl I'm a regular and will continue to be. My faves are the broccoli beef and the chicken lo main. I've been coming here since they opened and they are always happy and friendly.
4	The service is great. It's fast food sushi so don't expect a fancy restaurant. Even though its fast food, it's good. They're very nice and friendly.
4	A lot of food for a little money - it's made fresh right then and there and comes out piping hot. They also have sushi which I have not ventured towards. The mongolian beef and kung pao chicken are really good.
4	I'm starting to love this place. It's a far cry from my time in China but the flavors are good and they are on point with orders. I always get a little sushi and decent I will say.  But like America decent, not like Japan decent.  Also, I always get Lo-Mein because I'm white but here it is FANTASTIC. So greasy but SO delicious!
5	Beat almost all lomein in the valley!!! Their flavors are really really good!
3	This place is decent. I enjoyed the shrimp tempura roll. I think the sesame chicken is way too sweet. I do go from time to time, but not too often.
2	This is a Chinese food place primarily not an Asian fusion. The two rolls that we got (Las Vegas Roll and Crunchy Roll) were flavorless and almost made my wife vomit. The Chinese food was rather good (chicken friend rice and sweet & sour chicken)Pro-tip - Avoid the Japanese portion of their menu and center in on the Chinese portion to be safe. Their sushi was neither fresh or tasty.
5	This place is GREAT!  Well I can't say everything here is great because the only thing I ever get is the Orange Chicken, but I can tell you they have the best Orange Chicken that I've ever had.  They have 2 sizes, regular and large.  Trust me when I tell you...regular is PLENTY!
3	3.5 StarsChoices for decent Chinese food in south Phoenix are so Slim!  I was so glad to find Li's Bowl with my handy dandy Yelp APP.  I've been there now four times and have not been disappointed with any of the meals there.  Until a recent discovery Li's Bowl was one of my "go-to" spots.  I am not saying that this place is Panda Express, Li's is much better BTW.  I will continue to come here when I do not have much time and in the area.  The bad, their fried rice isn't the best,  the fountain drink selection is to small and they don't have a lunch menu.  The good, their sushi(for the location) is awesome along with anything seafood and veggies here!  The sauces used on their seafood and veggie dishes are delicious.  The customer service is excellent and for the prices here it's hard to go wrong.  You can make any dish spicy upon request.
5	Such good Chinese food!My husband and I had been going to a place near us, but it was just not good. This place is awesome. Truly tasty, cooked perfectly and great portions. The food was ready in no time, too. We had orange chicken- just the right amount of kick, sesame chicken-tasty and chicken low mein- plenty of yummy vegetables.This will be our go-to Chinese place!
4	Not high on ambiance, but consistent quality. We order from here a few times a month.They make it quickly, and it's always hot and fresh.I love their Moo Goo Gai Pan!
4	Got some orange chicken and fried rice to go. Fried rice needs some salt. Added pinch of salt, it tasted really good and fresh. Orange chicken was really good too!
4	Picked up a boat load of take out from Li's.   Large order of sauced wings, General Tso's, fried rice with shrimp, some noodles, some white rice, some cream cheese wontons, and some pork gyoza.  The wings were huge and juicy.  Took me 2 meals to eat 16 wings with some rice, so plenty of food there, for sure, but they didn't have a whole lot of flavor.  I added some Franks on the first day, and some garlic hot sauce on the second.   That made them quite yummy :)I would say everything was good, $30 worth of food lasted 2 people 3 meals, so can't beat the price!  Glad to have an Asian take out place nearby!
3	Fried rice was just ok -- somewhat bland.   Lo Mein was good.  However was expexting better based on previous ratings.
5	Li's Bowl is as close as your going to get for the back East Chinese Food experience. They have just about everything except the 4 Chicken Wings on the menu. We've been living in the Laveen area for just about 4 years and this is our go to place! The Garlic Chicken/Garlic Shrimp is really good, the House Lo Mein is great, and their Fried rice (any variation) is amazing!
4	My husband and I have been here quite a few times now.  We love the cream cheese wontons and pork gyoza.  The sushi is great and cheap, as well.  I was reluctant to try the sushi here, but I'm glad I did, as it's a good alternative when I can't get to a sushi bar or want a cheaper option.  My only complain is I wish they would deliver! :)
3	This was a pleasant surprise, the food is very clean. Not very greasy, like or places in the area. It is very hard to find good restaurants in this area and ones that serve good sushi almost impossible. This is definitely a diamond in the rough.
5	Great tasting food.  I've been there on several occasions and haven't had a bad experience yet.  The food is donkey with trying.  I stick with general tsaos chicken, garlic chicken, and mongilolian chicken/beef and haven't been disappointed at all.
5	The staff is very nice and the food is awesome!  The garlic chicken is the best.  Good food at a good price. Great value!
5	Excellent food, service, and prices!! I love their house rice and their sushi dishes.
4	Looooove the food so much. Always go with some kind of fried rice, although chicken fried rice is my favorite. If you ever need a quick fix, this place is wonderful and the portion sizes are good too. Even a small dish has a ton of food (I had eaten it and forgotten to take a picture for the review, oops... It was that good). My family often orders their orange chicken, fried rice, and soup.
1	I think any restaurant that disrespects a customer deserves a one. Just took take out  and specifically asked for the egg drop soup to be served dine in, while we waited for our take out.A long wait ensues - about 15 mins - no soup, no take out. Our order gets called, so I come up to the counter. I point out that we did order the soup for dine-in. The woman nods then says... "Hmmm... Whatever..." She proceeds to call out the next take out order.I walk out and tell myself I would never give these people a penny of my business... Ever!
4	Honestly, it's good but not great. You get what you pay for. If you want awesome chinese you go to a high end chinese restaurant. But for neighborhood chinese and a fast lunch, this place is a good one. Never had anything I didn't like and they were friendly.
5	Love, love....love this place!EVERYTIME and I mean every time, I am happy I came.They make my sushi order quickly even though the place is usually busy.I have brought friends that have ordered from the full menu and they, too, like the food. Broccoli is always done right: green and slightly crispy...I love it!
5	Wow! Just love! Sent hubby out to pick up the food. Ordered the smaller portions to save money and so everyone could get what they want. Ordered one dish no sauce and one dish extra spicy. They accomodated all of our requests. We fed six people for under $40, and the food is GREAT!
1	Got Sesame chicken large. Taste was alright, but there was whole lot of bread and very little chicken. It should be named Sesame Breaded instead. I feel like all my week of healthy eating was ruined by this meal. It tasted ok though. MCD Asian alternative, made fresh, but very unhealthy!
1	This place is terrible.  I just moved to laveen and was craving some fried rice. The reviews were high so I tried it. Big mistake.  The food was over cooked and lacked flavor.  I tried 2 sushi rolls, gyoza, and rice...what a waste!
2	Sushi was about the same quality as what you'd find in a grocery store. Wouldn't go back for it.
5	Lightening fast. Always delicious. Restaurant is very clean.  And light foods not heavy. Egg drop and wonton soup, orange chicken and lo main, egg rolls and cheese puffs are our favorite.  Never had anything that was under 4-5 stars. Good job guys!
5	Me encanta!! He.ido a comprar.tres veces y.la.comida esta riquisima y sobre todo que.te.la cocinan cuando.la.pides.. Lou mein chicken es el.mejor que.he probado.. $7.64 y te dan bastante.. en verdad se los recomiendo.. ;)
2	Had the Orange chicken and garlic chicken and it's ok, I've had better.  Wouldn't go back.
5	Love there lo mein, Vegas and tempura roll.. so much flavor and really cheap compare to other places. Also, the most I recommend is to try there chicken wings OMG it's so good u won't regret it... if u love chines food and sushi this is the place u must try!! It's worth every penny...
