5	If you love cevaps, you will love Euro Grill!  Definately add the ajvar & kajmak when ordering.  This is the only place in Charlotte that offers cevaps and other Bosnian specialties.
4	This ethnic market/restaurant is a little dive, but in a nice way. The restaurant side is a hole in the wall, with only five tables, spotless and as far away as possible from Charlotte's ubiquitous strip mall spaces were you eat while staring at a depressing parking lot. The owner (I think) hovers over you eager to please but the food was slow to come out of the kitchen. Well worth the wait to me because it's delicious if you like peasant food from the Balkans with a heavy Turkish influence - which I do!- and very cheap too.  Turns out thanks to the Ottoman Empire's influence Bosnian cuisine closely resembles the Romanian cooking I'm so familiar with.  I love the cevaps (spiced ground beef) with the home made bread, sirnica (cheese pie made from Bulgarian feta) , the eggplant dish. To finish a slice of better than usual tiramisu was only 95 cents and the Turkish coffee was served with a little cube of Rahat Lokum. Cheap dive, tasty, fun... not recommended for chain restaurant lemmings.
5	First comes LOVE then comes Sudzukice similar to Cevapi... With Sudzukice comes long skinny spicy Sausages... Cevapi is shorter sausages... Both served with or on thin bread usually joined by Onions!  Bosnian Cuisine!  OF COURSE I took Photos!  What!Burek one of my Favorite foods - Beautiful and Yummy with a Special Cabbage  Zalad!  Bosnian comfort Food!  Meat, Potato, onion and spices wrapped in dough and baked!  Fantastik!Sirnica, Zeljanica, Pljeskavica, Schnitzels, Kabobs and Gyro, also on the menu!To get ready for the Real Dessert I had a slice of Tiramisu, though plenty of food I consider this the Appetizer for the Real Dessert!Turkish Coffee for Dessert and a lesson in how to enjoy Turkish Coffee I had never heard... If you hear this education information please message me and let me know what you know!!!Small enough inside that you would want to sit outside if the weather is nice... Seriously about 15 seats if you are good friends, five tables with only room for four of them!Dude!  Check this place out!
5	Wow - stop everything you're doing and go to this place right now.  Here is what you should order:1.) cevapi (chay-VOP-ee) with ajvar (eye-var) and kajmak (ok, I forgot how to pronounce this one).  The cevapi is 10 small sausages on homemade bread.  The ajvar is some tasty little tomato/vegetable mix and the kajmak is kind of like cream cheese but better.  OUT of this WORLD!  2.) eggplant napoleon - this was one of the yummiest things ever - mozzarella cheese on top of the homemade bread with eggplant and tomato bursting with flavor.  3.) roasted vegetables - i'm tired of explaining everything, just take my word for it.We also got cockta (i guess it's a Bosnian coke - average).  Should have tried the Turkish tea.  Oh well, next time.  All this food, and it was a lot, was about $23.  Tremendous value!  And the family that own/operate the place were the nicest.  we checked out the Bosnian market which is connected to the restaurant and which they also own.  We picked up some interesting things.  I can't wait to go back.
4	I tried this place out after reading Thomas' review below, "stop everything you're doing and go to this place right now." I am really good at following directions when it comes to food!I love to try new cuisines and had never eaten anything Bosnian or from that region at all, so I was really excited to try this out. I got everything to go since I was late for work already, and the food took about 20 min. to prepare. A man, who I'm guessing was the owner, was there all by himself today cooking, waiting tables, bussing tables, and working the register at the market next door. After about 5 minutes of waiting, he brought me out a salad on the house for me to eat while I waited. This was unnecessary, but extremely nice of him and I devoured the delicious salad. Before I left, I asked him what kind of cheese he put in my salad and ended up buying two pounds of it! The cheese is Krinos brand, Bulgarian White Cheese and is very similar to feta, but milder and not as dry. Walking to my car I was positive of 3 things: I was going to burn the crap outa my fingers, I was going to spill on my work clothes before even getting to work, and I was going to start eating before taking pictures, I was ok with all of that!I ate most of the Zeljanica (Spinach pie) on the way to work and it was absolutely delicious! The pastry was flaky and crunchy on the outside and the dough had a bite to it on the inside. The spinach filling was delicious and reminded me of something my grandparents (French and Hungarian) used to make when I was little. I cut up some of the cheese I bought and ate it along with this spinach pie and I was in heaven. The Burek, or meat pie was just as good. I believe the actual pastry was the same, it was just filled with meat instead of spinach. It was delicious and I dressed it with a bright red vegetable sauce the guy gave me along with my food. If had some spicy mustard I definitely would've put some on the Burek, I think that would've complimented it really well.The last thing I tried was the Cevapi. It is a Bosnian flat bread that they split open like a pita. It had 5 skinless sausages in it, it's just ground beef which they shape into sausages, and it came with some raw onions on the side. The whole thing was great, but the bread was outa this world and now I think most sandwiches should be make with it! After a little research I found out it's called Lepinja, it's kind of like a fluffy pita/Ciabatta/Fry bread combination and it was delicious! I found a couple of recipes online but next time I'm in there I will ask if he sells the bread on its own so I can make all sorts of sandwiches with it!This place is great and the prices are very reasonable. Each of the pies was $4.50 and one would be enough for a lunch on its own. I can't wait to go back and try some of their other specialties and definitely some Turkish coffee!
4	What a great find here in the deep south...Is this Charlotte or a little nook of Chicago, or quite simply Bosnia. This is a little house-front restaurant and market. Filled with delicious old world treats. I am half Serbian and Half Italian, believe me when I say that my Yugoslavian half was very happy today. I assume that the owner and the five other people in the restaurant were Bosnian. There was a lively Bosnian Soccer game on the TV...They were all cheering--but in between the owner was making my daughter and myself the Old World Specialties...Cevapi, with Ajvar and the chopped Salad with the White Cheese ( a thousand times better than feta) , The Sudzkice a long skinny sausage and a chicken kabob all served with a sour cream and fresh onions. The grilled flavor was terrific. Its a tiny place but the food is mighty, I will definetley go back and try the Burek and the Schnitzel. I went into the market after and purchased some of the Hot Ajvar and the Kajmak ( a cream cheese and butter mixture) to spread on bread. If you haven't tried it you should...they are very friendly and warm people....GO BOSNIA!!
5	This is the first 5-Star review I've given, and if you eat here I can almost guarantee you'll leave singing the Gospel of Cevap. Like the other reviewers said, try the cevapi. It will have you planning your next visit before you're finished. Right next door is a grocery store where you can but some frozen versions of the dishes, but you really can't beat having it cooked to order. Their 'To-Go' menu alone is better than most places I've been to. While ticket times may be less than desirable, it is so, so worth it. Go here.
4	We heard many good things about this place and we decided to stop by for someInegol kofta (that's what they are called in turkey) "cevapi" and it was amazing! It's huge and full of flavor. The bread is sooooo tasty and the meat amazing :) the place is very small but cozy, great for lunch :)
4	I am scared for this little gem of a place because I went during lunch today and it was empty! It makes me sad to see places like fast food chains or even my beloved Panera filled to max capacity but yet little mom and pop places like this remain empty. Do not be intimidated by the menu or the fact that it's not your typical American dishes, this food is approachable and tasty!I consulted yelp prior to my visit and knew I had to give the Cevapi a try. While they look like sausage links they certainly do not taste like sausage! If anything it is very similar to Gyro beef/lamp mixture in a link form. The bread it is served on is simply outstanding. This is served plain with onions & tomato or with two sauce options ajvar, which is kind of similar to blended roasted red peppers and/or kajmak which the server referred to as sour cream (and it tasted identically). Anyway, both taste great. If you want an average sized lunch (and very filling at that) go with the smaller version...trust me, it is plenty. We also decided to split the ground beef burek - it was good but didn't compare to the cevapi in my opinion. It was served with a side of pickled cabbage & carrots. Our server recommended putting the "sour cream" on it as well. We ended the meal with two cups of Turkish coffee. Well as it turns out I do not like Turkish coffee very much. I can't fault the restaurant for this at all...I am usually one who skips the sugar but doubles the cream - so this was too stout. I will say if you're a strong coffee lover Turkish coffee is a must. The atmosphere is quiet but seating inside is limited and a bit cramped. This is also connected to a Bosnian grocery store as well. The service is friendly -though distant,  but all in all I was fine with everything.It is VERY reasonably priced for lunch - everything I describe came to $14 and I left food on my plate at the end of my meal. I'll be back to get dessert!
5	Authentic Balkan food at a family owned cafe/market.  Chevaps are great, but do yourself a favor and get the combo plate (#9) that includes Sudzukice (spicy sausage)!  Good people, good food, it's clean, and they started serving beer this month.  What more do you need?
5	Absolutely incredible place. A true gem on Central Avenue! Opened in February and I hope it stays open a long time. We walked in through the store, filled with a decent variety of Bosnian and Turkish imports. Delightful! The seating is limited but it wasn't very busy. We had the Cevapi, Bosnian sausage, which was seared to perfection. The Bosnian coffee was excellent, served in traditionally on a silver plate with sugar. To top it off, the owners are just the nicest, most accommodating people. It was a joy to eat here and we'll definitely be coming back.
5	This place was absolutely wonderful.  Everything they gave us was absolutely amazing.  The Bosnian Coffee was fantastic and completely unlike any coffee I have ever had...and it wasn't just the taste, it was the whole presentation/experience.  The food was delicious and the family who runs the place are very kind (and helpful when we struggled to pronounce the names of the food). Definitely go visit this place.  You will not be disappointed.
4	I've been eyeing this place for awhile now. I finally got a chance to visit today for lunch. The same building used to be a Vietnamese restaurant. The inside hasn't changed a whole lot since then. They've added a bunch of little round mirrors, but that's about it. I ordered the combo cevaps sandwich.  Super simple sandwich - spongy bread, sausage, red pepper sauce, onions, and some kind of cheese. It tastes so much better than it sounds. It was pretty great. I can't wait to try other stuff on the menu.
5	Cevapi. Everyone has to try them and will get a need to come back here every week. Love this place!
5	The best. I've got a lot of Eastern European friends who's parents make this food religiously. Going to become a regular here. The meat medley is the best value
5	We tried the Euro Grill for the first time and LOVED it.  Amazing cevapi, bread unlike any I have had before, and great sauces.  The menu also has a large variety of items to choose from, so there are plenty of options for all people. The service is friendly, and it feels warm and welcoming.  We'll be returning ASAP.
5	Delightful. Small, clean, unassuming cafe with charming service. Trust the reviews and get the cevapi. The bread is warm and chewy, the sausage is moist and flavorful, and the cheese and red pepper sauce served with it puts it over the top. I can't stop thinking about it. We also had a super-fresh salad with chopped veggies, feta (I think), and a tasty vinaigrette. The spinach and cheese burek was deliciously flaky and the Vienna schnitzel was simple and not in the least bit chewy (as I've experienced with other schnitzel dishes). The chef was also our server, and he explained the dishes while joking with us throughout the meal. There's a small grocery store attached to the restaurant that had a slew of European chocolates and candies available (they had plenty of other items, like pastas, jams, etc but I couldn't get past the chocolate). We will definitely be back. It's a little gem of a spot.
5	Really fantastic, authentic, Bosnian food. If you try it, you will fall in love. I haven't had this authentic of cevape since I was last in Sarajevo. Absolutely perfect. The zeljanica was also fantastic. Can't say enough good things about this place but so glad I was passing through Charlotte and made the stop. The owner is also a super sweet guy. I am happy to recommend this place and hope to be able to come back.
5	Incredible food and an absolute bargain.  So authentic that you feel as if you walked into an old world, Eastern European market.  Cevapi is really delicious and as others have said, enjoy the sauces that are available.  The owner is very nice and obviously a very hard worker.  Be sure to check out the market too and try something new.
5	Just had lunch at Euro Grill and we loved it. No frills place that appeared to be run by a father and son. We shared a Sopska salad then I had the Meat Medley combo and my wife had the meat pie. Everything was delicious. The authentic Bosnian market next door is a must to if you're going to try your hand cooking Bosnian food at home.
5	Fabulous....Small place, owner cooking, serving.More restaurants like this make going out fun, exploratory, healthy.
