5	We had Marcos delivered last week and it was amazing!  We ordered a large thin crust pizza with extra pepperoni.  The crust was great!  Only small issue we had is that our round pizza was cut into squares.  We weren't used to that.  We also got a free order of the cheese bread that was the best cheese bread I've had delivered with a pizza.  Very tasty.  Highly recommended!!
5	My brother is a delivery guy there and he brought us pizza and their cheesy bread. It was all awesome! The crust is so good. I hear great things about the customer service as well. They also have a wide delivery range.
5	I love this pizza!! They left a flyer in our mailbox a few months ago & I have to admit...I was like "who the heck is Marco?!"  Well, as luck would have it, The Hubs & I decided to have an impromptu date night and ordered one of the deals.  The delivery was prompt and piping hot! Then, we tasted the pizza...OMFG where has Marco's been all our lives?! Why were we not eating this pizza perfection sooner?! The pizza was so good! Plus, I love green olives, so to be able to have it on a pizza already had me at "hello"! I have to say, we have not strayed since. I don't care that they don't have points or whatnot, the pizza is so good! I can't see myself eating anything else; honestly, it now pales in comparison!Thank you, Marco's Pizza for moving in the neighborhood and for completely winning our hearts! I look forward to my next pizza (probably next week...)!!
5	Went to visit my cousin April W. in Charlotte and was in the mood for some pizza.  They suggested Marco's.  WOW! I could live off the garlic stuff they put on the crust.  The pizza was hot, and meaty, and cheesy, and everything I love in a pizza.  Marco's can do no wrong in my book.
5	Delivered the wrong pizza to me.  Didn't have my phone but i was under the influence and didn't care that it was the wrong pizza.  They called my phone two times and finally went out of their way to delivery me my Hawaiian pizza.  That my friend is what America is built on.  God bless.
3	Eh! Well when this place first opened I was excited that Mount Holly had a pizza joint that was not Domino's or Papa Johns.  My first pie from here was just okay.  It was a little too greasy for my liking. I gave it 3 stars because I like the crust options they give you and because it is not Papa Johns or Domino's.  It is a little better quality then most chains.  Staff is friendly and Family Video gives you great deals on pies.  They also include rental deals as well.  What would be a great asset to this place since it is co owned and operated by Family Video is if they offered a video delivery option for those with memberships to the video store.  That would give it 4 stars and move it up the chain in my opinion! Who else offers pizza AND video delivery?! Untapped market!  Even better than redbox!
5	Absolutely thrilled with the pizza!
