5	The best mexican food I've ever had coupled with the sexiest and most knowledgeable tequila-sommolier you can imagine.  Get the Petron Agave shots with their traditional mexican chaser, and the steak pyramid.  YUM!
4	basically a glorified, more expensive chevy's with an interior that i am 100% positive was designed by the same people who did pf changs.  you must decide for yourself if that is a good or a bad thing. the muddled margaritas are delicious (try the blackberry top shelf!) as are the homemade corn tortillas.  one of the few places on the strip i would recommend to the vegetarian or vegan as there are a few options for us in, las not for veganus (HA)!  i mean, goddamn there are a lot of fucking steak houses in vegas.  you can enjoy your dead cow along with your coke fueled blow job at 5 am on a wednesday morning and ain't nobody looking twice.  it truly is the most ridiculous place on earth.  like trashy took a shit in the desert, welcome to las vegas.  anyhoo...we were in a huge hurry because we had tickets to Mystere so i couldn't take everything in while i was freaking out trying to stuff myself full of (free) booze and food.  i am such a free loading heifer.
5	lobster guacamole is amazing it sounds strange but its soo delicious plus their chips are fresh and their salsas are great too. i love their seafood tostadas they're a fantastic summer dish but id eat them in the middle of february and be just as happy. don't get the cucumber martini its sweet no bueno
5	Awesome.That's all I have to say.  I had the Chili Relleno...fully expecting it to be fried and gloopy like it is in most restaurants.Their take was unexpected...and welcome.Roasted poblano, split open all the way, to basically make a bed for a nice sized portion of beef filling...which was spiced just right, with tomato and slivered almonds...an interesting texture that was unexpected and really quite nice!The sauce, was just fantastic...I can't even describe it well enough to do it justice.Just...if you're in Vegas...try this place.  It's really very tasty.The service is friendly to boot...it looks all trendy and posh, and I expected it to be a douche-bag fest.But it was really friendly, relaxed, and well-worth the money.
4	"How good is your mole man??" I quipped to our fantastic waiter. "I'm looking for momma's secret recipe with chocolate that doesn't taste like chocolate but crack and took forever to cook. I've been to Mexico but I want the real mexico man! No cabo san lucas!"He humored the gringo and replied,"Our sauce has been slow cooked for over three days by my aunt Rosemaria and if you don't enjoy every last drop of sauce lovingly drizzled on your chicken your dinner's on me!"Impressed by our waiter's gusto or his willingness to conjure the image of his dear aunt Rosemaria my friend and I ordered the chicken mole along with enchiladas. Waiting for our food we munched on freshly made chips with oniony guac and a variety of salsas. We sipped irresistible margaritas teased with salt and bursting with silver tequila.The impeccable service delivered our dishes and we dug in. The enchiladas were drizzled with creme fraiche and had hot spices yielding complex flavors and aromas. It wasn't cheesy or beany hiding cheap ingredients but rather a masterful blend of tomatoes, tortilla, filling and spices.True to his word, the chicken mole was worth the modest cost of our dining admission. This sh** was the chicken mole bomb! Tender chunks of meat nestled beneath a warm blanket of mole sauce on a bed of delicate rice.Undecided for dessert we doubled down on chocolate with mini muffins on trails of dulce de leche accompanied by chocolate torte heaped on top with cinnamon-infused vanilla ice cream.(4.5 * stars)
4	A very good place in Treasure Island to get traditional modernized mexican food if you're in the mood.  Went there with a group of 10 for a birthday party since they have big booths and nice ambiance. I had the chicken enchiladas and we ordered the $100 tequila drink for kicks, where a "Tequila Goddess" comes out to make a margarita right at your table.  It takes a few minutes as she squeezes lime juice and talks about the liquor that is going into the drink - which is very expensive stuff.  The food is excellent and the service is quick.  You don't have to get too dressed up, just don't come in with flipflops or a tank top.Esquire Magazine rated it one of the America's best new restaurants for 2003.
3	ISLA is an "upscale"  Mexican restaurant and Tequila bar at Treasure Island.  I guess you could consider it "upscale" Mexican cuisine because of the prices although the food isn't as fantastic as I had hoped.  Living in SoCal, I have become spoiled with inexpensive authentic Mexican food so eating at a restaurant that calls itself "upscale Mexican cuisine" and having it be anything less than awesome is a bummer.  The prices are not super expensive but I have had better quality food-even chips and salsa at several other places.  The entrees we had were average and below.  Stay away from any of the usual Mexican items like taco plates, enchiladas, etc. and  try the more creative entrees instead-a little pricier but you won't be as disappointed.  Nothing we had was spectacular but the margaritas were good and their tequila selection is killer.  Service was quick and our waitress was friendly but I don't think I will go back again-maybe for margaritas and appetizers but thats about it.
5	I was just in Vegas for a girl's trip and after seeing reviews on yelp, decided that I had to come here.  Let me tell you that me and my friend fell in love with this place.  If you come to Vegas, you have to eat here.  It was divine.  We were promptly seat and sat in a comfy booth/chair set up.  We had a very friendly waitress who brought us the most fantastic thing:  a huge bowl of delicious chips with 3 different salsas above it.  Then we had very yummy chicken enchiladas in this creamy chipotle sauce with our strawberry margaritas.  The prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was great.
5	After watching the new and improved Pirate show outside of TI, I found myself at ISLA. Now, the dining area was closing up and so the bar was the only place we could sit, but they still offered a full menu. We ordered the Filet Minon Burrito and some chipotle pineapple tacos. Talk about the best burrito I have ever had in my life (which I expect of it if it had filet minon in it!) The tacos were great as well. Its average priced for a restraunt in a casino. I had only wished I sat in the dining area because the bar area had very low table tops.
4	As a man, I have to say it was pleasant to have the buxom woman seat my party as we arrived at Isla.  Got a couple orders of the guacamole which was alright, not the best but not terrible, 4 out of 5.  The margaritas were nice and strong.  The tacos, not too good, 3 out of 5.  The service was very good, very attentive.  The decor was also very nice, I was glad to see Treasure Island stepped it up as I hadn't been since my younger days when the draw was the arcade.  Overall, pleased.
4	I feel like it's hard to find a reasonable, decent restaurant on the strip--not mention get reservations--so I was pleasantly surprised when we walked into Isla at 9pm on a Saturday and they told me they could seat us (party of 4) in 45 minutes.I am realizing I can't tell you much about the atmosphere because I think I was too hungry and focused on the menu to notice. But, the chips and trio of salsas were delicious and the guac was pretty good, too. 3 of us ordered the tacos -- 3 to an order -- and they were delicious. I had the shrimp which indicated it was fried on the menu, but it was so lightly breaded you could hardly tell. The sweet sauce with a semi-salty slaw topping ... well, my mouth is watering. A friend ordered the pork tacos and loved them, and I think the chicken ones were just OK. We also ordered the flautas which were disappointing (no taste, really), as was the queso fundido (explained as a "three-cheese meltdown" on the menu -- boring). All in all, very good meal for the price ... 4 entrees + 2 coronas = $80. Which was no big deal since the 45 minute wait was just enough time for me to double my money at the Roulette table.
4	The first words I notice about ISLA are "Tequila Bar."  Awww yeah, I like tequila and I'm going to ISLA.  Who's with me?So, some coworkers and I decide to cut loose here and we were not disappointed.  From the time we walked in until we left, we were treated to excellent service, wonderful food, and a whole mess of tequilas.  ISLA is located in the Treasure Island hotel and after a bit of a struggle to find the place, we were pleased with the decor and the vibe.  We didn't have to wait long for a table which is always a bonus in Vegas.  We started off with a round of margaritas and some guacamole.  The margaritas were good, the guac was just so-so.  But the chips and salsa they gave us more than made up for it.  Three types of salsa and really tasty chips - there was something for everyone.On to the meal.  We had a round of tequila that was quite good.  This wasn't the kind of tequila you do shots of with salt and lime.  This was sipping and enjoying tequila.  All of the meals that came out looked wonderful and everyone was pleased with their choices.  I heard that the meat was cooked perfectly and the tortillas were fresh and tasty.  I had the shrimp tacos and they were out of this world.  Sadly, we were too full for dessert, but not for another round of margaritas and tequila!  This place was a lot of fun and I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a nice Mexican meal where you won't get a foot-long flume of frozen margarita.
4	I love mexican food and was interested to try Isla. As TI started to change the format of their hotel and dining experiences from pirates to a more trendy atmosphere, I thought a "Mexican Fusion" restaurant would be a nice change. I was not disappointedThe decor is really nice and the food is very good, service is super.I enjoyed the burrito ( which was just outstanding), but what I really enjoyed was the "goddess" tempting people into trying the major league - upscale $100.00 margarita. I  know that for most people, the fact that she prepares it at your table is worth the price. It is like having to go to a Faith Hill concert and watching her for 90 minutes - Yes - it is "tough duty"  - that most guys would repeat as often as possible.Isla is very enjoyable and worth several repeat trips .....
5	Food: The food here was very good. I tried the chicken enchiladas which were very tasty! Also we were served tortilla chips before our meal with three different salsas which were also great! Recently I tried the masa corn cake appetizer which was also pretty good. Price: Prices here are very cheap. Each entree dish was maybe around $30 or under. You can also get tacos, enchiladas, or burritos which comes with rice and beans which were are around $16 and under.Service: During my first vist here the service was pretty good, nice and speedy. However durinfg my recent visit here, service was extremely slow! I think they were understaffed with their waiters...and plus our meals came out before our appetizer even made it to our table. Location: Located right in Treasure Island.Atmosphere: I liked the atmosphere here. It wasnt super fancy or anything but it was definitely casual. A very nice restaurant to eat for couples, groups, or families.
5	Isla has been rated as being the best Mexican food in Las Vegas.I was in the mood for Mexican and it was just perfect that Isla was located inside Treasure Island, the hotel that I was staying at.  So, I treated my partner and friends out.I had the Enchiladas which had chipotle tomato sauce and oaxoca (sp?) cheese.  My partner and friends enjoyed their dishes as well.  I had ordered a margarita.  It came in a small glass and was charged $9 bucks.  At first, I thought...what a joke!  Holy moly!  I was like not even 1/4 done with it and I was already sporting a buzz.  They make strong shit yet delicious!  The restaurant is pretty with enough decorum for you to look and comment with your friends.  The wait service is satisfactory.  Food is wonderful.  Just be prepared to shell out a good wad of money.
3	If this is the best Mexican food in Vegas, then I have to believe that there's not much competition!  Not that Isla is a bad restaurant, but I'd have to agree with another reviewer; it's basically a step above Chevy's.  I ate here twice during a recent stay in Vegas.  The first time, I was by myself and I had an appetizer and a drink, which was fantastic.  I tried the ceviche, and it was middle of the road, although the mojito was good.  The second night we stopped here for a late dinner, and honestly, I found the food to be overly rich and greasy and not very tasty.  I prefer sitting in the bar outside the casino and getting appetizers and drinks, otherwise I wouldn't waste my time!
4	Ordering alcohol in bulk justifies the expensive Mexican food.. Friends recommended the pitcher of ISLA's crushed blackberry margaritas.. it was delicious
5	Excellent guacamole, excellent tamales, great service.  I am not a big fan of Treasure Island in general.  But, this place is worth checking out.  It's tucked away enough where the cigarette smoke didn't get to me and I was able to enjoy my GREAT meal.  Definitely check this place out!
4	This was our first stop after we got into Vegas.  I'm usually doubtful of Mexican places inside casinos, but I trusted Yelp and y'all did not let me down.I had already eaten a bit before my flight so I only ordered the masa corn cakes appetizer (less than $10... I want to say around $8?).  They were yummy!  I liked the presentation (uploaded photo above), and they were crunchy with plenty of meat.  This was a perfect sized appetizer and/or light dinner entree.  I also tried some of my friends' refried beans, which were seasoned and smooth and one of the best I've ever had.  The chips and 3 different kinds of salsa brought out were also excellent.  Prices were very affordable for Vegas, and it's in TI, which is one of my favorite casinos.  Definitely worth a stop!
4	I was seriously craving some cheese dip. The amazing concierge at the Mirage directed me to Treasure Island's Isla for a great appetizer. Like most casino restaurants, the decor is pretty awesome. We were seated right away, and I scanned the menu for my cheese dip, while my friend scoured the menu for something he would like that was also under $15, preferably $10.He finally settled on some soup. I have no idea what kind of soup is was, but I do believe there was some corn influence. I'm 99% positive it was not tortilla soup, but it was the most amazing soup I've ever tried.My cheese dip was very good, though it wasn't very dip-like. Plus, I ate it without chips because I would have had to pay extra. It did come with three small tortilla shells, and I made do with those.The only weirdness (other than having to pay extra for chips) was the waitress. She seemed very uncomfortable approaching our table, and she seemed very apprehensive whenever I opened my mouth to ask her something. I don't think I'm very intimidating, but she only did it with our table, so I must be a lot scarier than I think.
5	Great Staff, and the food was wonderful.Price was Las Vegas Strip price, kinda high but this is not your local Mexican kitchen.You have to try this one, to understand, very different from the everyday, but in a good way.
5	My parents spent most of their adult lives living in Mexico and South America. So, let it be known that Kayla J's momma does not tolerate crappy Mexican food.Isla is the opposite of crappy. To start, we got a trio of salsa's and chips. I devoured them as hubby and I had been flying all day to get to Vegas.  We ordered queso fundido with chorizo and it was amazing. Hubby had beef tacos and I had a small fillet mignon that came with an enchilada. All were delicious.The two best parts of the meal were hubby's raspberry mojito (literally, the best cocktail I have ever tasted) and the mango cake and ice cream that we shared.  Isla was a fabulous start to a fabulous vacation!
3	this is one of the better, upper class, gourmet type mexican food restaurants. if there is such a thing. i onlt gave this place 3 stars, heres why.1. food tastes great, not exactly an el taurino but it's still good. 2.  all the meals come with spanish rice and black beans but literally everything else is extra. guacamole, hot sauces, torillas...... get it?3. the service is terrible, excluding for the frequent water re-filling.4. eat as much as the chips and salsa you can get, it's free and good.have good eatin!
4	This place will not let you down, food wise. The dishes are excellent and the tequila menu is outstanding. After a good pirate show, I like to dine at Isla's. TI as they call it now (formerly the family friendly, no reason to go inside because the pirate show is on the front lawn Treasure Island) is trying to change its image and along with Tangerine this place is the only other thing holding up the crutch. The ambiance is a little toned down for a Vegas place but that's refreshing on Night Two especially. The service though is less than stellar. Our server knew little about the menu and even less about serving. One fun thing though is they have a Tequilier (a Sommelier, but with an expertise in Tequila) She was superb and very well-educated. Even my friends who swore off tequila in college (due to the frequency of its partnership in less than desirable indiscretions) found ones that they liked and even paired well with the food we were having. I've known about this trend in Mexican "Bistros" for a while but had yet to participate. Having survived my second round of pledging involving tequila I can now say that I have a new found love this time. I hated the stuff with all good reason the first time (the plastic bottle was guilty by association)!
4	To say I don't like Mexican food might be a massive understatement, but this place is very good!  Plus, the guy playing video poker at the bar next to where my friends and I were having drinks scored a royal flush...Yes, playing video poker...a royal flipping flush.   Faster than a walnut rolling off a hen house, we begin jamming cash into those machines.   Unfortunately lady luck was only with him that night...
4	Very glad my gal found this one.  Mexican food americanized. Nice ambience, friendly staff. Even a tequila godess to offer up suggestions.  I had a margarita, which was delishious. Chips and guacamole was a nice starter. Food was tasty and average size portions. Cant complain, cant give 5 stars. Was above average and worth going too.
4	Perfect place for a large group of folks who have different palates and budgets.  There were about 20 of us and they hade to split us up into 2 tables which would've been ok if not for that fact that both tables were situated very far apart from each other.  The table that I was at received excellent waitstaff service, the food came quickly and was tasty, the bill was less than $30 /person.The other table complained that their food and later the bill took a long time.I rec: - the Queso Fundido, 'cause how can one fuck up fried cheese?- the guac- carnitas (very tender and juicy, plus I love me some hog)- veggie enchiladas
4	Hubby & I were recommended to check this restaurant out for fusion cuisine & after reading fellow yelpers review's we decided to give this place a shot.The pineapple mojitos were amazing! It was really difficult to focus my attention towards the food because the blonde tequilla goddess was soo hott! Fun & flirty. We enjoyed her company immensely. :)K, on to the food, my husband ordered the filet mignon & he thought it was a 10. Chips & salsa were yummy. I ordered chicken enchiladas & they were just ok. Overall, it was a fun & sexy dining experience & actually quite resonably priced in comparison to Diego's at MGM.
4	Ambience : Nice and relaxed but wow there were a ton of SKANKS here.Food: We tried the Queso Fundido (just average compared to others I've had), the Chicken Quesadilla (this is actually what the rest of the world calls an epenada.. quite bizarre they took a normal dish and called it something else.. hrm), and the pork tacos (decent). I've had too much mexican food in Texas and Mexico to be impressed by this. HOWEVER major points for giving us chips for free.. screw you Diablo for charging for them. Drinks: This was the high point! I tried both the blackberry and pineapple maragaritas and they were both amazing.. fresh fruit, and the tastes combined with the margarita surprisingly well. My boyfriend's pineapple mojito was also excellent. Service: Ehh.. I've had better, I've had worse.. waiting 25 minutes for the check after asking for it really sucked.Cost: Dinner for 2 with tax and tip and drinks  was sub $75.. can't complain.Overall I'll be back.. but probably just for some drinks and appetizers in the bar.
3	The service was amazing here. Our waitress was so attentive and actually had a personality.  (The Tequila Goddess, on the other hand, was kind of scary - I have no idea what that child was wearing).So we ordered muddled margaritas - I guess a mix between blended and margarita on the rocks.  The fruit (raspberry, strawberry, blackberry, etc) is smashed and added to a margarita on the rocks.  For the blackberry one, it resulted in a smushy string of clumpy blackberries about the size of a golf ball at the bottom of the drink. It tasted so good, but the clump really prevented any drinking from going on.  By the time I moved on to the strawberry muddled margarita either the clumps were gone, or I was too drunk to care.For food, we ordered the Queso Fundido. I had no idea what it was but my simple translation of "Fun Cheese" made it sound very appealing.  It made for a very oily/greasy cheese mess with flour tortillas. I'm not complaining, I'm just saying...Dinner was the Filet Mignon burrito shared with my friends cheese enchiladas.  Both were good, the enchiladas were tiny sad little guys but still tasty.  Chips and salsa were very tasty and served warm.I wouldn't go back - not because of the food or experience, but because there are just too many great places in Vegas to eat.
4	So I followed my own advice and came here for drinks and appetizers only. I'd say the "couches" they have set up in the bar area are uncomfortable and akward for people to sit and talk (you're leaning over the table just to hear one another). HOWEVER, drinks still didn't disappoint.. I'm loving all their muddled fruit drinks! This time I added an order of guac. I'm a mexican food snob, and this guac was GOOD. Fresh, not that green goopy stuff you see here all the time.. my friend in from TX was also quite pleased. I will be back when I feel the need to drop $10 on guac in the future.
4	They LIE!  They told us that a pitcher of margaritas would serve about 8 glasses.  It served 16!!!  There were 4 of us, and one didn't drink tequila (she had yummy mojitos instead).  So the 3 of us were left to drink an entire water pitcher of margaritas.  Not that I'm complaining mind you.  Not only are their drinks massive, but so are their portions.  We got the queso fundido and the ceviche.  Both yummy and both huge.  Then we each order entrees, when we could've easily ordered one and shared.  We had all of the taco plates and one taquitos.  The food was yummy and the best part was that you can take your liquor to go, which is exactly what we did.  Then we found ourselves a pai gow table at TI and sat our happy asses down for a round or 15 of poker.Isn't Vegas wonderful?!
4	The servers here are possibly too attentive, or maybe it was just the one we had. Noticed all of the hosts and servers were Mexican, nice touch.  Almost felt like I was at a mega resort in Cancun, only in Mexico they'd be dressed more conservatively and would be less chatty.  The food was good and like everything else in  LV presentation is a must even at your run of the mill dinner or pho place.  Isla is no exception.  Even the chips and salsa are a gargantuan, overly salty ( in a good way) three tiered appetizer in and of itself. Margaritas are margaritas and somehow when I am at a place like this I forget the fact that I dont even like them, maybe it's the festive glass, I dont know. This review may be seen as negative. However, this place is good for fancyish Mexican.
4	We ate the bar in front of the restaurant - they had some games on and it's just better for socializing.Had really tasty Sin City Ambers to start with.  We ordered their "famous" guacamole to start with.  It was great - creamy and flavorful.  I thought the rest of the meal was good, standard fare, but the guac would bring me back again.
5	This restaurant was probably the highlight of the stay. Delicious food and drinks, pleasant atmosphere, very friendly staff. The waitress made many suggestions, one of the bussers who brought out food and drink refills was kind enough to push a second table together for us to fit all of our plates more comfortably. I would highly recommend the organic margarita which is extremely smooth, slightly sweet and amazingly delicious. The boy said it was the best margarita he had ever had. We both got the muddled margaritas (blackberry and rasberry) which were both incredible also.  We got the calamari as an appetizer which was wonderful. The calamari was fried perfectly and wasn't too greasy and were perfectly crunchy. We also go the queso fundito because of all of the reviews we read on here about it, but found it to be unimpressive. Just a big greasy glob of cheese served with tortillas, not quite sure what the appeal is for it. Our main courses were out of this world! We got the skirt steak with the jumbo shrimp that was on special (24 dollars). The steak was smooth and buttery, cooked to perfection. The shrimp were HUGE and rubbed an an amazing cajun rub, just delightful! We also got the lobster which was delicious. Sweet, succulent chunks of lobster served with guac, tortillas, onions, salsa, and everything to make lobster fajitas. The menu says market price, the cost actually ended up being 65 dollars. May sound expensive, but worth every penny. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone craving fantastic food!
4	It was our friends pick, and she choose this place. Since they like staying at Treasure Island often, this is one of her favorite places. They recommended have a tequila shot that comes with a tomato base chaser (sangrito). Our server was attentive. We started with Chips, Salsa (three types) and Guacamole. I ordered a Margarita since it is a Tequila Bar at this restaurant. The drinks came quickly, as well as, the food. I had ordered the Carne Asada Burrito, tasty, but needed a little kick, so I asked for Jalapenos, but all they had were Serrano peppers. Boy were they smokin hot!!!! Everyone enjoyed their food, so that is a plus. The Tequila Goddess came by to make her pitch. We had asked for a menu of tequila shots and Specialty drinks. For a 'Tequila Goddess', she was not very knowledgeable of the different tequilas. I enjoyed the background salsa / merengue music. I would return for a tequila shot and a bite to eat.
5	Yummmmy!!! I stayed at Treasure Island for five nights and regret not trying Isla on our first night there (tried it on my last night). Now I am back home wishing I had more of the crunchy corn masa cakes, oh and the quesadillas are to die for. I loved everything. The service, drinks, appetizers and main course....Simply Delicious! It was truly a surprise!I will be visiting Vegas soon and will make it a point to dine at Isla.
4	Visited here for what I knew would be a solid tequila experience. The tequila selection is great...the service was Jekyll and Hyde-ish. We were initially served by a waitress who was a little cool, and business like. Helpful, but not super great. She went on break or something, and out of the back came Linda (I think that was her name, I was pretty deep in my margarita at that point). I believe that Linda is the same server some people call "too attentive" and "almost creepy" but she was amazing. We ordered a tequila flight, and she educated us on each tequila. She then asked what we liked and did not like, and brought over MORE free shots to sample. She also brought a higher end tequila she declared her favourite. She read our table so well, it was no surprise she seemed to love her job so much. Then, just as suddenly she was gone and the other cold server was back out. Would have stayed longer and ordered more flights had Linda stuck around. What happened? We'll never know. We paid the bill and got out. Recommend; fresh blackberry margarita, any of the tequila flights for sipping. Decent value and a fun place. Hope to see "Linda" (?!)  on our next visit. We sat in the bar, overlooking the casino which was great for people watching, especially as Mystere let out.
4	Excellent service (until last 20 mins when we wanted our bill), great tasting food, and huge selection of tequilas just as we wanted. When we first got here a lady approached us and we thought it was a server, Nope it was a photographer, beware she will take you pic and try to sell em to you later in the evening and the problem is they were pretty good pictures. Chips and guac were good starter and an organic margarita, the server surprised us with a few shots of tequila after and it was just great from there on. We will be back.
3	Well, I wasn't expecting much, and I was pleasantly surprised.Kinda not fair, I know, but I live near some of the best, cheapest Mexican food on the planet, so they're starting at a bit of a disadvantage.And tho I wish I was a tequila drinker, I'm not. Not only do they have a nice selection of tequilas, but apparently everyone who orders a sampler gets a fancy girl sent to their table. And when I say fancy girl, you know what I mean, right? Well, it is Vegas. But not since that time in college (with the falling down and tree climbing) has tequila tasted good to me. And believe me, I've tried (there was the subsequent time with the plastic trash can and stark nudity...not a good thing).So, no tequila for me. Sy got the blackberry margarita, which was good, except for the tequila (she claims it was all good), and I got a mango mojito, which was one of the best I've ever had. We were also visiting Sy's folks, so no heavy boozing for me (no guitar shaped drink on the strip--waaah!). It's safe to assume that I was missing out on the drinks.Miz Sy got a very tasty veggie enchilada number. It was good, with an interesting mix of veggies. (I think it needed a little carnitas or something, but she disagreed.) I decided to try something new (i.e. not the carnitas or flank steak), and got the seafood chile rellenos and the corn soup. Both were very good, except they needed a little carnitas or flank steak. So definitely come here, spend some money before you lose it in the casino (did I mention that it's not cheap? it's not. for our non-drinkie relatively smallish meal, we ended up spending more than $60).  And if you like tequila, tell the girls hi for me.
4	We took the tram over to TI from the Mirage.  We were seated right away and greeted by the Water mistress.  The tequila goddess stopped by next but none of is were in the mood for tequila this night.We order the Chipotle Adobo... TO DIE FOR.  I just don't think I have EVER had Guac this good.  Everything else was good too but nothing to write home about -- its the Guac alone that will have me back at ISLA.Their Sangria was pretty good though the first sip made me shudder (I'm sure this had everything to do with the hangover i was nursing as the rest of the glass went down fine).
3	I didn't think the food was anything special but it's a great choice for a larger group, very middle-ground. It's a nice restuarant but not uber-fancy and the prices are reasonable. Have a shot of tequilla and relax.
5	Years later I and I still make sure to do a trip here everytime I go. Just went out with a Bachelor party and when buffet plans fell through, this is where we went. It was a big hit and they were accommading. They have "tequila goddesses" roaming around now, its both good and bad. Just go eat your Filet Minon burrito.. you know you want to. Its the definition of Vegas.. An excess of quality of meat in a burrito.
4	I really like this place. We stayed at the TI a couple years back and ended up here. This place really turned me on to tequila. They have a nice little bar (with video poker built in) right off the casino floor. That means you'll get casino noise and smoke. Welcome to Vegas, get used to it. I would prefer if my back wasn't to the casino, but it's ok. They have more lounge-type chairs right on the casino border, but they are too low for me. I'm a little taller and it feels like I am sitting on the floor. Anyway, great tequila selection at decent prices. The interior of the restaurant is very nicely decorated. You can go here, not spend a ton and feel like you're eating someplace nice. As with many Vegas restaurants, you'll often be told there's a huge wait, even though it's half empty. Never understood that. Also, their hours are terrible. Even the bar seems to open late and close early. It's a bar in Vegas, they should really be open longer. The food is very good. Not as good as Taqueria Canonita, but much cheaper and still more 'gourmet' than the average mexican place. Everything I've ever had was very good. They have some different menu items that make it fun to sample. This is one of my favorite places in Vegas, especially for tequila. Ole!
4	I was here twice on our trip and both times the service was really great!  Really nice, friendly servers and reasonable prices.I thought the tequila choices could have been better, as well as a list at the tables would have been nice, especially since this is supposed to be a tequila bar!I never saw a 'tequila goddess' - so maybe that has been discontinued?The lounge is right on the casino floor, which can be good after a few shots of tequila, - you can interact with people walking by or people watch!
2	I was looking for the best Mexican in Vegas and this is what I got???As every restaurant might say on the strip - we are the best! But lets classify the burrito as one of the worst I have ever had. I will have to say that the chips and guacamole was half decent, the rest of my meal failed to impress!The burrito had more of a Texas / onion / ranch taste to it.  I was looking for more authentic, but I guess you get what you get in Vegas - imitation!The service was OK, the bartender was more concerned about what she was doing later on in the night and her tip.The ambiance was pretty good though - great lighting,good energy and slot machines on my table! Next time it's off the strip to find some "real" Mexican fare!
4	My friend and I landed in Vegas starved and in the mood for some mexican food. We headed down to ISLA in Treasure Island in search of some good cheesy food, guacamole, and some margaritas!We started off with the guacamole "Classic Mexico City Style". it was good, but it wasn't really that much and most of it was covered in cilantro. Fortunately, they didn't mix it in so I was able to pick it off. The chips were perfect and the salsas were all pretty yummy.I got the seafood enchiladas and my friend got the fish tacos. We were both pleasantly surprised at the heat that both of these dishes had. There was plenty of food and if we had a fridge I would have probably taken some of mine to go...instead I just downed it all. :)The complete our meal we ordered a few glasses of the blackberry sangria. Its really hard to mess up Sangria, but ISLA really got it right with this one. I only had 2 weird moments:Weird Moment 1: The tequila goddess. I wasn't really sure what her deal was. Does she just offer up the tequilas? I would have taken advantage of that if I knew what her gig was!Weird Moment 2: The picture taker lady. I know this happens in a lot of restaurants, but this was the first time I was posed by one. It took almost five minutes to take the picture and we had to do several poses. I couldn't stop laughing so apparently I am not the best subject. Eh...This was the right way to start off our visit!
3	Omg, It was Last Thursday April 16,2009. The Hostess behind the booth got the Biggest BOOB JOB of all. My wife was next to me and she also saw her too. Lucky she wasnt mad about that. HAHAHA!!!!! Thats a reason why there was alot of guys there than ladies. The price is fair comparing to other hotels that charge more. Average price range about $15 including drinks. Food is ok but the guacamole is the only thing that taste good.
5	I love this place, it is like no other Mexican food I have had. The menu has some very good dishes, alot of different sauces that you will not see anywhere else.I have been here 3 times in the last year, and will make it back next time I am in Vegas
4	I can only write about the cocktails since we never actually ate at Isla.  Instead we enjoyed fresh muddled margaritas.  I tried one with raspberries and my friend tried one with strawberries.  Wait...was it one or two or three.  They were just so good we couldn't stop drinking.  I didn't see the tequilla goddess as previously mentioned, but that didn't matter to me.  My drinks were good sans tequilla goddess.
3	Inside Treasure Island: Signature Drinks (Classic Margarita, Mexican Cucumber, House Muddled Mojito, House Muddled Margarita)Margaritas and Mojitos are terrific! Definitely a signature item, the muddled margarita comes in strawberry, raspberry, blackberry, pineappple, and cucumber. i tried the strawberry margarita, and with the chunks of strawberry, it was magnificent!  The mojito is the popular cuban drink, mixed with bacardi silver, fresh mint leaves, fresh squeezed lime juice, simple syrup, and house muddled fruit - if you prefer.  typical snacks include classic guacamole, chips and salsa, and empanadas.  located inside the casino, it is a cozy little bar with low lighting and latin beats...not to mention the video poker on the bar.  we were there at a strange hour, on a tuesday night.  one thirty am, and we were disappointed to find they were out of chips and salsa, as well as all other food items on the bar menu.  currently, as i am penning this, the bartender and her three ancillary staff members look preoccupied with talking to one another, instead of asking us if we would like another drink. my friend mike is purposely slurping the dregs of his mojito to indicate he is ready for another...i suppose timing is everything.  don't expect much on a weekday, at one thirty in the morning. the bar stays open until 3am, serves food until 1045pm, and weekends until 1145.  so, not your typical vegas bar that never closes. well, do bars close here, ever?
4	Great tequila selection and the bartender was kind to let me smell or sample a few without ordering the full sized portion.  The pours are generous and prices are VERY reasonable for premium tequila in a pricey location like Las Vegas.
4	This was the first place we at dinner when we got to Vegas last week. I LOVE this place. Their chips and salsa are so delish. So we started out with those and a couple classic margaritas. I ordered chicken flautas and the bf had carnitas!! Wow, the flautas were ok, but the carnitas...they were as good as carnitas you find down on 26th street in Chicago (Pretty Damn Good). They were super moist and were complemented by some guacamole. Mmmm I could eat dinner here every single night. But there's just too many places in Vegas. The price, like I've read, is VERY reasonable! The service wasn't as good as it could be.
3	The food is good, not great.  The bar tenders were friendly and helpful. It is small, but it has open views of the casino floor which always provides sites and entertainment.
5	Authentic mexican food..excellent. Great atmosphere and casual place to eat. The chips and salsa could be a meal in itself. Try the gaucamole...its the best.
5	We decided on our last night in Vegas to try something new where we've never been. Well we have a huge love for mexican food and I found this restaurant on Yelp.com. I read a couple of the reviews and we were sold, it just sounded so good. We show up and we were greated not only by a bar with a ton of Tequila (hence it's a tequila bar also), but also by very nice hostess' who were so cute in very cute matching dresses. We were sat in a good seat with a great view of the bar and also the kitchen. We were automatically served some water, and greated by our waitress. To start we ordered the Guacamole with our chips and salsa, and I ordered a Strawberry Sangria. The Guac was TO DIE FOR, and even though I'm not a fan of wine the Sangria was AMAZING. The salsa that the chips came with was fantastic. We were also greated by this lovely woman who sells they're tequila she offers sample shots and can give you any tequila to fit your taste buds.I ordered the Carne Asada Burrito Grande (meat, cheese, sour cream inside, though it came with much more I'm plain) but either way it was delicious! The steak was perfect and so tasty!My friend ordered the chicken flautas and she looooooved them. Both come with their rice and beans, which were also great and I think it's a lime type rice. We loved it so much we didn't want to stop eating but we were so full. Everything was priced perfectly and not too expensive. Definitely making another trip there EVERYTIME I'm in vegas. Go and enjoy great mexican food!
5	I'm always hesitant to go to "high end" Mexican Cuisine restaurants, simply because I don't feel right paying more than $5 for 3 tacos or $10 for a torta. But was I pleasantly surprise to find this restaurant. My wife and I mainly went to try their Tequila flights, which by the way are great and reasonably priced, but we were so pleased with the cuisine that we return the following evening for dinner. Besides the great tequila and exquisite cuisine (what more can you ask for from a Mexican restaurant) the service was exceptional. Becky our waitress was very kind and informative and the one time she did not have the answer she went ahead and got the director of food services to answer it for us, now that's service. I strongly recommend Isla, if not for the cuisine go for the Tequila and the great service!
1	We will never eat here again.  We tried the enchiladas, carne asada tacos, and the ceviche.  Good grief.  All 3 dishes tasted horrible.  The enchiladas were smothered with a gross chipotle sauce, the carne asada tacos tasted awful, and the ceviche was way too tangy.  Don't waste your $$$ here.  Save your pesos.  Trust me on this.
5	5 STARS! A place so good the only bad thing is the $50+ per person check that comes afterwards. Luckily, I got it all free. While waiting for a table we got a top quality Cazadores Reposadas (sp?) tequila on the rocks. It was really strong, and really high-quality. In fact - i've never tasted a tequila like it. Other than Chili's presidente margarita I've never had a higher quality one.For appetizor we got the Seafood Maya Relleno - a melted cheese and seafood dish which had real ceviche, rock shrimp, and amazing scallops with some sort of cheddary, spicy cheese on top melted to perfection. 5/5 delicious!!For the entrees I ordered the grilled adobo marinated mango salmon over pollento. The salmon was so tender and juicy it melted in my mouth. I was eating tiny little chunks just to savor it all. The pollenta and the sauce it came with was amazing as well 5/5.My friend got the chicken enchiladas (I tried to tell her to try something unique like my dish [a top entree], but she insisted on her fav enchiladas, and they were very good - though just enchiladas 4/5. I wish she had gotten something else off the entree menu so that I could try some ha.For dessert we shared one of the better flans I've ever tasted. The caramel glaze and design of it were extraordinary. 5/5 Flan!Washing it down with a reposada refill made it all the better.A true culinary experience. $120 total bill post tip. Thankfully it was my early bday gift!
5	Seriously THE BEST seafood enchaladas I've ever had!  Good stuff.  Typically expensive....but, hey you are in Vegas....go win it back.
1	oookay! Soooo maybe I jus got the wrong thing but idk. I wasn't to hungry but I knew i'd have to eat because me and the girls were going out and gonna be drinkin up a storm that night. I read all the reviews of Isla and wanted to def give it a try. The place was very nice. However, the food...*sigh*..damnit.Me and 2 other girls ordered quesdillas and my other girl ordered tacos. So when you think of quesdillas you think of..QUESDILLAS. I don't want the fux we had! They were weird looking and wasn't that good! I can't really explain it, i wish i woulda taken a picture. it kind reminded me of a hot pocket with supposely chicken inside. I didn't taste ne chicken and it had this sauce on top of it that tasted funny. I was VERY disappointed! My friend who had the tacos said they were bland and she wasn't impressed either! I was so sad because all I wnted was like a regular ass quesdilla to hold me over for the night. Maybe if I woulda gotten one of the dinners of the enchildas or something I'd be happier. And there was NO tequila godness!def will not come back here! Okay..maybe I will if IM hella hungry and stayin in TI (which I probably will be cuz i love this hotel) but ill be sure to get a dinner instead. Oh and the chips and salsa and guac was yummy!
4	We've been to Isla twice now. The first time was for brunch and my wife and I really liked it. The atmosphere and food were both nice; that said, it takes a lot for us locals to make a trip to the strip. But Treasure Island is pretty easy to get to from the I-15, so we made a second trip for dinner the second week of September.Like our first visit, we had a friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive server. She was able to answer our questions about the menu and took great care of us. Unfortunately, like most strip restaurants the drinks are overpriced; $6 for a coors light? One of my biggest Strip pet peeves are the overpriced drinks. Margaritas...$12 bucks; you get the picture. I wish these places would make a bigger effort to cater to the locals and offer a better value to the tourists...anyways...I digress.We each order just entrees after gorging on the delicious chips and salsa. You get a tower of chips and three salsas. They taste house made to me. I would be shocked if they weren't. All a little different with good seasoning and not to mild or too hot/spicy.I had the Smoked short ribs. Excellent and tender with a nice red chile sauce and smashed potatoes to go with them. A very tasty "Mexican" version of meat  and potatoes.My Wife had the fish tacos. These came out on a long rectangular  plate. Breaded and deep fried Mahi mahi on corn tortillas. Very tasty.My Cousin had the Roasted Mahi Mahi with a passion fruit habenero sauce. Nice presentation, but the fish was a little too fishy for my tastes. I could smell it slightly when it came to the table. I wouldn't have hurt you, but I know when fish is not at it's absolute freshest. Overall, Isla, is a tasty "haute" Mexican restaurant on the strip. It's worthy of another return visit for sure
5	The bf and I dined here after the the 7pm showing of Mystere. Loved it! I must say, I was not expecting the food to be so good, but it was delicious. The chips and salsa were so addicting. The chips are served with three different salsas that all quenched my palate in a different way. La Isla is known for their Tequila, so of course I had to order a margarita. It was the best margarita I have ever had! For the entree, I ordered the carne asada burrito "wet". OMG - so good! The only downside was that the burrito seemed to be a bit on the small side. However, I am from San Diego, so perhaps I am a bit biased when it comes to Mexican Food. Regardless, I would order that burrito again and again. The Service - Top Notch. Like Kevin W., our server was also extremely friendly and attentive. We were waited on hand and foot. In fact, she is what made our dining experience so wonderful. Next time I am in Vegas, I will definitely be dining at La Isla.
4	Our party came for Happy Hour (Mon-Fri, 4-6pm) and had a fabulous time!  We sat in the bar area and had buy one/get one margaritas!  The tri-salsa's that come with the chips are a really nice touch.  Even though Isla seems like the poor man's Dos Caminos (at the Palazzo), it is one of the better Mexican restaurants on the Strip.Only issue with Isla is the tortilla chips...why so hard?  Is this because you do not make them onsite?
4	I returned yet again to ISLA.  This time with a large group.  I was quite impressed with the service.  Normally when you are in a group the service suffers.  They did a good job keeping up with all of us, and the food was very good as well.While it is not the best mexican food ever, it is becoming one of my favorite mexican places in Las Vegas.
4	Sis and I patronized this establishment twice on recent visit to LV.  First night was just for cocktails and snacks.  The house margarita was fine and my sister's lemon drop was best she had in Vegas.  We ate at the bar and really enjoyed Augie.  Her service was great and her stories equally good.  Look for her when you belly up to the bar.  Foodwise, we loved the chicken quesadilla we shared.  It was not what we expected, but unlike a prior reviewer, we LOVED it.  MMMMMMM.Then a couple of nights later we came back for dinner.  No room in dining room so we ate hunched over the low table in the bar.  This did allow us to watch the rodeo on TV so that was cool.  Had the guac which was yummy and came with 3 delish salsas.  Sis had the seafood enchiladas and I had the biggest chile relleno I've ever seen - stuffed with chopped grilled veggies and cheese.  MMMMMM  again.  Lovely sauces on both dishes.    No booze this night as we were recovering from prior evening.  But the food was great and I would definitely come here again.  It's not your garden variety Mexican food - so if you want to that don't come here and dis the place.  Say hi to Augie for me and ask about her dogs.
3	I went here last week with a friend from out of town. We ordered the corn masa cakes as an appetizer, and I got the chipotle shrimp. Both were just okay, certainly not the 4 stars average that this restaurant seems to be getting. For the high price, the appetizer and entree were just ordinary, not tasty, nothing amazing, On a positive note, the decor of the restaurant is really nice. It wasn't too noisy considering it's located right inside a casino on the Strip. We also shared a dessert, the cinnamon crepe. This was probably the one shining glory of this restaurant. If it weren't for the dessert, I would have rated this establishment 2 stars.
2	We were staying at TI and wanted a quick bite after a long poker tourny. We just wanted to order something and take it up to the room, but were told that's not possible. (What???) What's the difference if I order it and ask for a to-go box as soon as it comes? I don't get it. Also, they close the dining room early by Vegas standards, 10pm on a Saturday night. We ended up ordering some queso at the bar. The big bowl of queso only came with 3 tortillas and no chips. We asked for one (just one!) more tortilla and were told we'd be charged for an extra order. Are you joking?! They ended up giving us one, but not without some coercion. The margaritas were okay, but nothing to write home about. I ended up bailing early because since we were forced to sit at the bar, the smoke was bothering me. Overall a bad experience!
5	ISLA serves what I call fancy-pants Mexican food (anyone who did time in the O.C. like me will recognize the distinction in terms of El Torito vs. El Torito Grill). My hubs had raved about eating here on another trip, so naturally I insisted on checking it out for myself. We started off with nice big drinks: a top-shelf or whatever margarita for himself, and the blackberry/merlot sangria for me (bar was unfortunately out of my first choice of peach/chardonnay). The the house chips and salsa showed up, a large bowl of warm chips with three distinct dips, a green and a red (both smooth), and a chunky pico. For an appetizer we shared the masa quesadilla, two corny and cheesy half-moons drizzled with crema and cojita. I vacillated between chicken tinga tacos and the short rib enchilada, but went with the beef dish and was glad I did. The sauce was tangy and smoky, the corn tortilla roll-ups had a nice crispiness around the edges, and the short rib was tender and flavorful. Hubby had the pork posole dish, and he said it was excellent. The service was good, wavering a little only at the end (wait for check), but by then it was after 11 so I can understand somewhat. Also, my meat and salsa coma put me in a benevolent mood.
3	The meal comes with complimentary chips and 3 types of salsa.I ordered the Shrimp Ceviche and was unimpressed.  I've had better shrimp Ceviche in east san jose.My boyfriend ordered the chicken tacos, which came with black beans and spanish rice.  There was nothing special about the whole plate.  They don't even ask you what type of beans you want.The service was better than the food, and out of all the food we tried, the chips and salsa were the best.
5	Mmmmm, this has been on my "To Try" for Las Vegas for several months now and we were finally able to make it there over the weekend.  Located in Treasure Island, it was easy to find. The ONLY glitch in everything was the fact that we made a reservation at 8:00pm, and arrived at 7:45pm.  The hostess told us they were really busy and we needed to come back at 8pm.  It was said so awkwardly that we didn't feel welcome in the EMPTY bar area, so we went out into the casino again.  Hmph.Back to 8:00pm.  We were seated and given the absolutely yummy chips and salsa, definitely plus 2 points for presentation.  Then we asked about a tequila flight and the server suggested one to us, plus 2 more points for it not being the most expensive!   We chose the organic margarita as well.The tequila flight was pretty good and a fun experience.  We ended up pouring one into our margaritas.  Our meal was delicious.  I went with my usual black bean burrito and they nailed it (although, how hard, right?) and my husband went with the carne asada tacos. Both of us left drunk and satisfied!
3	It was good but I thought it would be better not allot of flavor in the dishes they all looked nice but I think I would of been just as happy at a Dell Taco the overall 4 star is a bit too high in my opinion
3	We only tried the Shrimp Ceviche and weren't impressed. It was such a tiny portion for $11. It really wasn't spicy for having habaneros and it surprised us with the mandarines in the mix. It came with chips and 3 salsas which were really delicious. I probably should have went with the guacamole instead. The hostess never even looked up at us to tell us she'd be with us shortly so we sat ourselves and almost left because the bartender wasn't paying much attention to us either.
4	ISLA was the first stop on a business trip/catching up with friends stay in Vegas. It was the perfect place to eat great food for a reasonable Vegas price. The 4 of shared a large plate of chips and 3 types of salsa which was served on a funky platter.I had a chicken burrito which was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  The margaritas at ISLA were definitely worth the cash. They were extremely fresh and had a broad selection of tequila. The ambiance was very sleek and sexy yet very welcoming.
4	I've eaten here twice when in Vegas.  The first time I used a $50 food coupon and the second time was because I liked the restaurant and the food so much the first time!  I really wish I could remember what I ordered both times...because it was all fantastic...but the margaritas (pineapple was EXCELLENT) may have caused me to forget. ;)I do know that the chips and salsa and the queso fundido were delicious.  The portion sizes were great and the waitstaff was very friendly.  The restaurant is easy to find in T.I. and it doesn't require you to be dressed to the nines...which was nice considering the second time I went I had just gotten off of a plane with no chance to change since my luggage was missing. :)  I highly recommend going here if you're staying anywhere on the strip!
2	Have eaten here twice.  First time was quite good - but the second time was unremarkable.First time eating here, had quite a bit of tequila from their large selection - very good.  Also - they had great options for tableside guacamole with interesting options - pepitas, serranos and other items one could add in.  Had the meatball entree in the smoked tomato sauce, was quite good.Second time I came here (a few months ago) - it was just another unremarkable mexican restaurant - nothing special, standard fare (at an elevated price), had an entree which was a layered seafood enchilada - unremarkable and nothing to remember.Much better options on and off strip in my opinion for either more interesting (diego, border grill) or more authentic/homestyle (lindo michoacan) mexican food.
4	om nom nom nom. nom. I was pretty surprised that I would even want to eat at a $$ possibly $$$ Mexican restaurant since you can get $ burritos and tacos that are beyond authentic here in the Bay Area. I made reservations for 8 at 7:30; arrived late and were still promptly seated on a busy Friday night at prime dinner hour. The service was attentive and cordial, the food was delicious (hello Chicken and Seafood enchiladas, pork tacos and chicken fajitas!) and the price was reasonable compared to the normal Vegas tax that you would pay for premium food around here. Their margaritas were also especially notable, the fruit muddle is good but the MOJITO is just out of this world! ... and I don't even like mojitos! Overall, $35/person for entree, one appetizer (shared amongst 8) and a drink. Not too bad for a nice place in Vegas that has a nice vibe.WARNING: don't order the guac, you'll regret it for $9 with what little they give you and how it's just okay.OH and they don't tell you this but they only give you 2 tortillas with your fajitas (even though it probably requires 4) and they charge you $4 for additional tortillas!
5	I was very impressed. Food was excellent, service was the best, and very affordable. They were able to accommodate a big group of us (17 people) with ease.
4	Fun festive spot with great drinks (read: muddled blackberry margaritas) and yummy food. The queso fundido with chorizo was absolutely the best I've ever had! The pork tacos were delish. I wasn't a huge fan of the special guac or the ceviche, but everything else more than made up for it!
4	Wow, this place was surprisingly better than I expected. Great atmosphere with dim lights and a spacious layout. I liked the decorations, too -- pretty chic.When my family and I came in, we were greeted by the waiters and big servings of tortilla chips with salsa in a cute little decorative saucer-holder-thingamajig. The chips were decent -- they weren't stale, at least, although the salsa serving was kinda small and the salsa verde was pretty runny.As for dishes, I ordered the masa corn cakes (less than $10). They were delicious, and the presentation was great! There were only three masa cakes, but by the time you're done chompin' on those chips, you're going to be glad you ordered a lighter meal! I think they were perfect in terms of servings, and they're good for sharing. My sisters liked it a lot, too. I can't really remember how the other dishes were like, but I did think the food in general was pretty decent.The only thing I don't like so much about this place is the PRICES. Yeah, some items are ridiculously overpriced, but, hey -- VIVA LAS VEGAS!
5	We had tickets for mystere, and needed to eat a bite before. So we decided Isla Mexican Kithchen located in the treasure island.I first asked what would be quicker sit-down or bar since we only had an hour. We sat at the bar,  first come firsr serve. Our bartender/waiter Sergio was great. He took our order chicken quesadilla for the man, chicken tacos for me! We asked for chips and salsa. Which were free and came with two delish salsas. Chicken tacos were great especially the beans. Sergio made a few drinks for other tables and let us try the excess. Strong strong margaritas.But very nice since Sergio did not have to let us sample. I would eat here again and again! We had great service and loved the food.
1	Dear people that run Isla,Your customer service skills stink! We had a party of 12 come visit your restaurant. Our waiter was very nice, in the begining. We all ordered drinks, appetizers and were having a fiesta of sorts.  Our food comes and it was fabulous!!!  Top notch! I'm a mexican food conosour so I know a thing or three about the flavors. You hit them on the nose! Congrats!The problem came when we recieved our check. We politley asked our server to split it for us...his response, "you're in Vegas, no one splits checks." This was NOT our first restaurant to go to in a group and yes, Mijo, other places DO split checks. So we asked to speak to a manager. This man who obviously hates his job came over to our table and tells us again that they will not split the check and that WE have to figure out what each indiviuals total is and then they can run our cards or cash or whatever. Hmmmm....really?!?! Isn't this kinda his job??? So we asked our server is he could at least group our individual purchases together since the reciept was HUGE and not in seat order...he told us that he threw away his notes from when he took the order....REALLY?!?!?!  Well this did not sit well with us at all. Fortunatly, one of the ladies we were with works for MGM which owns TI and she doesn't just work for them, she is an Executive...so she used her super powers to let this the manager who looked like he wanted to shoot himself more than we wanted to that she knew his boss and that she knew the rules and regulations and that yes, they can split our checks and make us happy.  Well whadya know! He skipped his unhappy butt right over got everything figured out in a jiffy.  By the time we got our original check and actually paid, it was an hour, AN HOUR!!!! We missed our show we were supposed to see and we wasted an hour arguing with a guy who could have done the right thing in the first place. I was astonished at the lack of helpfullness and genuine niceness. So, no, even as great as the food was, I will not be going back there to eat or drink or breath!!!  Thanks for wasting my time-Kelley!
5	Wow, all these reviews, and I'm surprised nobody really commented on their Tequilas... That's the *only* reason I come to this place... Their tequila selection is quite good... The only thing that sucks, is that since they changed ownership, they have been letting some of their good stuff run out....One thing I will recommend to newbs to tequila... If you come to this place to eat, order the "Agavero Tequila" for desert. It's like a desert tequila. Trust me, you'll love it... It's very sweet. It's technically a liquor de Tequila,  since it's a blend of reposado and anejo tequila blended with essence of the Damiana Flower. It's also served chilled. This tequila is very smooth, and very sweet. A lot of tequila snobs refer to this tequila as a "Honey Tequila"...
4	I can't remember the exact name of the margarita, but it was the one with a bit of honey in it and highly recommended by our friendly bartender.  The drink itself was pretty huge and surprisingly strong...I couldn't finish the entire drink since I was already gooooood mid-glass. Our friendly bartender also hooked us up with complimentary chips and dips to nibble on. Overall a nice, low key spot to chill.
4	I like the way she rock, her hipsThem rockin hipsTold her we can take off like rocket shipsStraight jacket jeans, you look crazy in 'em....at ISLA MEXICAN KITCHEN! - The Dream (rockin' that)First the funny part about this place: it's located close to the cirque du soleil theatre and possibly the buffet so when i saw a hugeeee line outside i was like what the heck...luckily it was for the cirque show and MAYBE a few stragglers thinking it was the buffet line haha! Yeah this place wasn't busy at all so immediate seating cha ching! Normally i wouldn't mind waiting but not this time...mexican food can't wait! I guess it could cuz the waiter was a turtle with not that many people in the restaurant, it SEEMED slow too. Anyways, the restaurant itself had a good vibe to it with a bar in front and table seating in the back. Ordered the seafood enchilada since i hardly ever see it on a menu and it was well crafted i have to say. I don't remember exactly what was in it (vegas baby!) but i do remember there were 4-5 seafood ingredients including scallops which made for a tasty combination. There weren't many mexican options on the strip but this was one of em and it was very reasonable in terms of food/prices.Food: 4 stars --- Service: 3 stars --- Atmosphere: 4 stars --- Price(value): 4 stars
4	The decor and style of this place made me think that their menu was going to be the complete opposite. Surprisingly it was not. The atmosphere was great. The only complaint I have is that the tables are too small. Food:We had the chips and salsa with fresh guacamole. The guacamole was awesome. We had the calamari as an appetizer and this dish was rock solid. It had a sweet spicy sauce with mandarin oranges and it was superb. The squid was cooked to perfection. I had the smoked short rib and my friend had the chipotle shrimp. The short rib was so tender that you did not need a knife. The shrimp had a great flavor over a bed of rice. Both dishes were awesome. For dessert we had the mango madness and mexican crepes. Mango ice cream with a mango custard.Crepes with walnuts and caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream.I liked the mango but the crepes did not really wow me. We should have gotten the chocolate flour less cake.Service:Warm and friendly. Our server was always checking up on us. I would give her a B+ for effort.This is a awesome place to start any evening. The food is good and the price is not too overwhelmingly high. For a strip property. You cannot beat this place.
1	I can't believe how many stars this place has!!! I visited this establishment on Cinco de Mayo nonetheless and it was a huge disappointment. I was eating with friends that were in town staying at TI so they wanted to eat somewhere in the hotel. I should have known it wasn't good when we were seated without a wait. The drinks were eh okay, but for the price should have been way better. One of my friends ordered a Gin and Tonic and had to send it back because it tasted funky. Now for the food. I ordered the seared Ahi tuna salad. It looked and tasted like canned tuna smothered in chili powder and piled on a spinach salad. The flavors were all over the place, grapefruit slices that provided an unwanted punch after eating the bitter (fully cooked) tuna slices. One person ordered the shredded beef tacos and lamented that he could have had better at Taco Bell. After drinks and dinner (no appetizers or desserts) our bill came to $130 for 4 people. Needless to say I won't be going back anytime soon.
4	since we were staying @ ti we decided to dine at isla one evening of our trip- and i'm glad we did! we had a reservation (super easy to make on ti's website), which id definitely recommend, as it was pretty busy! we waited about 10 minutes to be seated, but had a nice table. the decor was cute, but the restaurant was pretty loud. our server came over promptly and our water glasses were filled quickly. we got guac to start, which was great...i only wish there had been more! we were also given salsa and chips to start, which were good (i liked the green best). all 3 of us got the chicken tinga tacos and enjoyed them alot! the rice served with the dish was a little bit dry, but the black beans were really good. we had margaritas and mojitos with our meals and the drinks were fantastic! overall, everything was super affordable and we had a great time!
4	Chips and salsa were awesome, chicken tortilla soup was tasty and the three tacos combination was great. Our waitress was kind of slow and seemed a little blank but maybe she was having a bad day. I'd definately go again.
5	Chicken mole and beef fajita was amazing. Big portions!
5	Now THAT's how you do a margarita!  Strong and tasty!!  These people know their stuff!The food was great too!  We both had a form of enchiladas and an app of the chips with 3 salsa dips.  SO good!Friendly service, and so prompt!  They know people have 7pm shows to get to!  And they got us out and tipsy and on our way to Phantom!  Also, we had a $100 gift certificate as a wedding present to use here...and we tried to splurge and STILL didn't go over $100.  This is a great stop while your in Vegas to save cash and have a good meal (and drink!).
2	We went here because of the high yelp reviews. It was disappointingly mediocre. I left kindof nauseous.
4	What a great restaurant!  The service was great, the atmosphere was nice and the food and drinks were fantastic!  All of the salsas and the cheese dip were amazing and the enchiladas and burritos were great too!  The prices are very reasonable...hard to find anymore in Vegas!
5	Isla is quite a find.  If you're in Vegas, Isla is a must!  Fabulous margarita's. Service is attentive and friendly. I've eaten there several times, and can't wait to go back!  The sampler appetizer is excellent, hearty, and a great variety. The Chicken Mole Poblano is beyond belief. By far, the best mole I've every had.  I'll go swimming in the Chipotle sauce, any day.  Every single item on the menu is delicious.
5	OMG!! How could I have given this place ONLY 4 stars last time. Four of us stopped in for some chips and salsa, because they are sooo good, but ended up getting dinner. We all got margaritas, best I've tasted. The server told us that they ordered the wrong glasses so they were bigger than usual, probably a lie but whatevs, we got them anyways. Then the chips and salsa came, mmmmh, I ordered some Habanero salsa cause you know, I like it HOT! Delicious...so after 2 baskets of chips, or maybe 3 our meals came. Carnitas, Tacos and Enchiladas = Party. In. My. Mouth!!! I tried all of them and I just couldn't get enough! Maybe it was my buzz or maybe this place is THAT f'n awesome. I'm getting excited just writing this review. Isla, can you please open one of yous in Chicago?! Pretty please.
4	GAWD I LOVE TEQUILA!  This place had every type of tequila that you could imagine.  Costly?  Yes.  Worth it?  Yes.  SERVICE: We went there for dinner and got seated right away.  Of course, we had reservations, but I don't think we needed them based upon the number of people in the restaurant part.  FOOD QUALITY:  I would say this was darn good food.  It's Mexican food.  Being so close to the Mexican border, and because there are so many Latinos in the area, it would be hard not to have an upscale Mexican set of foods.  COST:  Well as my mom used to say, "You get what you pay for."  Yes, you pay here, but you do get quality.  WOULD I GO THERE AGAIN?: Yes, I would definitely go there again.  I had a great experience there.
3	Tequila selection isn't what it used to be, and the menu has a lot of inaccuracies (sorry sir, we don't have that tequila anymore either).  Food was alright but service was a chore, and it wasn't very busy either.
4	YUM!  I didn't even know this place existed until I saw the Groupon for it (yeah, I'm that person who subscribes to Groupons from other cities in preparation for my vacation).  Knowing how Vegas tends to be on the more spendy side (as opposed to Lincoln, NE), we were fully prepared to pay over and above the Groupon value.  But first look at the menu, I realized that they were actually really reasonably priced!  Just a few dollars more than what I'd spend at a nice Mexican restaurant here in Lincoln.We didn't have a reservation, but we didn't have to wait at all - they seated us immediately.  Another thing we weren't expecting!  But as I've said in other review, Vegas seemed to be a bit slow the week we were there.I got my margarita (seriously delicious!  And strong!  And delicious!  Oh, I already said that) and they brought out our chips and salsa.  Very good - I preferred the green salsa but they all were good.  And I don't know what it is about Mexican restaurants, but entrees always come out super fast!  Normally, I take a bite or two of the rice and beans and that's it because they never really wow me and I'd rather save room for the entree but these were awesome and I ate pretty much all of it!  I could definitely tell they were fresh and weren't sitting around all day.  I ordered the chicken tacos and I loved them.  I really wish I would have asked for them on flour tortillas, though - I'm not a big corn tortilla fan.  But it was still good.  Overall, I was pretty pleased!
3	Two great things:-The cocktail named Harmony. Has ginger liqueur and I forget what else, but it was delightful. Not very sweet, no overwhelming alcohol flavor, just a perfect cocktail.-Guacamole. I was heavily craving guac and voila, there are 2 choices on the menu. We opted for the latter option, with pumpkin seeds and chipotle adobo or something like that. I thought the pumpkin seeds added an interesting, smoky flavor and a cool complementary texture to the all-too-familiar guac experience. As I was starving, I carefully cleaned out the bowl. NO GUAC LEFT BEHIND.Other items were less noteworthy. Do not get the chorizo-cheese item. It is strange. We had a hard time pulling apart the lump of cheese that came in a bowl with sparse bits of chorizo lodged within. Then you have to put the cheese on tortillas. It's just complicated, greasy, and heavy. The masa cakes were interesting. There are 3 different ones. My favorite was the chicken, but that might be because that was the one I had first. Maybe it was just diminishing marginal utility. We also got the tiger prawn ceviche, which comes with a huge portion of chips and salsas. It is unfortunately, unremarkable.The best part about Isla is their TVs which show sports games.
5	Review is only for the nachos:I know, it's only for one dish, but my friends and I went there after hearing they had the best nachos in Vegas.  I'm always suspicious when I hear the claim that some place has the "best" dish in town, but I swear that this claim may be true.  Isla offers the perfect upscale nachos.  Not some bizarre fusion version of nachos, where you can't recognize the dish anymore.  Instead, Isla has chosen to offer quality from the chips to the toppings.  And it's all about the quality fresh ingredients, the blend of cheeses and the steak.  The melted cheese sauce drizzled over the chips is a cheese blend and includes distinctive Oaxaca cheese.  The steak is high quality and not overcooked.  I'm dreaming of these nachos right now and I think there's a little drool on the keyboard. Soooooooooooooo good.
5	For more of a "gourmet" Mexican type of restaurant, this place was very good.  My husband and I had arrived into Vegas this past friday night and after checking into the Encore, we headed over to Treasure Island with the intent to have dinner at Gilley's BBQ and just stay there to dance all night. Well Gilley's was packed and it was clear finding a place to sit so you could eat wasn't in the cards- so we stumbled upon ISLA.  We were seated right away.  Service was wonderful.  We ordered our Margaritas and chips/salsa with a side of queso at $4- but it was YUMMY!  My husband had the ceviche for appetizer and I had the corn soup- both were deilsh!!  Then for our entrees,  I ordered the skirt steak volcano and my husband ordered the grilled salmon.    The steak presentation was amazing- it looked like a volcano with layers of steak, tomatoes and onions. .  The meat was perfectly cooked and very lean.    My husband said that his Salmon was grilled perfectly  Earlier this week we had gone to a function held at a local restaurant and he said "the best grilled salmon ever" after that night and after ISLA- he said he couldn't believe that twice in one week at two separate places, he had the best grilled salmon he had ever had.We passed on dessert- we were way too full and wanted to get moving and go onto dancing!   All in all, a great experience!
3	We decided to check out ISLA for happy hour. The bar area had a good share of seats at the bar and a few lounge tables.  The drinks were decent - $4 Modelo drafts and $5 margaritas. The happy hour menu had a a nice array of choices all for $6.We opted for 2 margaritas and an order of guac.  The guacamole was fresh and the chips were warm.  It doesn't look like much, but it was delicious.The service was decent and the atmosphere in the bar area was nice.  My only complaint is that the lounge seats are up against a divide which looks out to the casino.  In general it's fine - but a small tour group came by and stood next to our table and oogled at our eats.  Not cool.
4	During the mile-long trek back to our hotel, we decided it was time for a margarita (and when you're in Vegas, when is it not time for a margarita). A quick search on our iPhone's Yelp app turned up this little Mexican restaurant which serves some of the best Primo margaritas I've had. To be honest, they're actually the only Primo margaritas I've had (I usually opt for the Cadillacs at Paco's), but now all other margaritas are hereby known as Secondo margaritas. These little beauties are strong, though, so be prepared. Pair them with some excellent nachos, and you've got yourself a party.Note regarding the restaurant's name: It looks like I spent four years living in Isla Vista without knowing how to correctly pronounce it (if my memory isn't complete shot, everyone said "EYE-la"). You can chalk this up to just another example of typical gringo ignorance. I'm sad and ashamed.
4	We decided to check out ISLA for happy hour and from there make a decision on staying for dinner . We ordered 2 margaritas and an order of guacamole.  The guacamole was fresh with a little pico and the chips were warm and delicious. The rest of our party showed up and we decided to stay for dinner, as it turned out a wise decision...  The waitress was very sweet, as my boys showed up with a couple of almost empty Fat Tuesday yard drinks, and she had no problem letting them finish them.  I had another margarita, and they brought out more chips, with 3 different salsa's.  After a couple bowls of chips my wife and I decided to split the chicken tortilla soup, and the chicken mole.  The chicken mole for me was the start of the dinner, deep rich mole sauce over nice chicken and rice with friend plantains.  There were also no complaints about the famous nachos, chile relleno.
5	I was at TI for a conference and we were looking for a place to grab a bite to eat.  We opted to come here because it wasn't too busy at the time and it had a warm and inviting atmosphere. We both got chopped chicken salads and they were the BEST!!  A few beers and a glass of wine where all we needed.   Later a group of us from the conference went back in the evening AGAIN... and loved the soup as well!!!    Nachos are good with a few different salsas!!!During the third day of the conference I over heard some others talking about the Soup and Salads here and how they wanted to go again!I loved it!!! YUMMMMMMMMMM
2	Wife and I went to Isla with a Groupon, so the price was right.Unfortunately, the dining experience didn't live up to our expectations. The food was very pedestrian and unremarkable.Chips and salsa were OK - neither amazing or terrible. They came on a fancy elevated stand which made things a bit messy.I ordered some carne asada tacos which were pretty much just meat in tortilla without any other trappings. They didn't taste bad, but aren't something I would ever seek out again.We shared queso fundido which was basically just melted cheese in a bowl. Yes, I know that's what it's supposed to be, but surely it could be dressed up in some way into something you couldn't prepare in 45 seconds in your own microwave?The restaurant was decently pretty, but we found the furniture a little odd. Chairs were very high so we constantly felt like we either had to put our palms down on the table or slouch right over. Not very comfortable.Overall, Isla might be worth checking out if you have a comp, a good coupon, or if you're absolutely desperate, but for the price you're better off trying one of The Strip's Mexican places that combines sophisticated looks with sophisticated tastes.
4	No wait, great service, delicious food, great primo margarita, and fairly reasonably priced.My girlfriend and I decided to stay in the hotel because we were watching a show at 9:30. Figured I would check Yelp and we chose this place due to all the good reviews. The reviews were on the money.I had the chicken nachos and the mole poblano. They were both perfect. Everything on the nachos was great, especially the cheese. And if u like mole then u will like this one. Very chocolatey and nutty but not overpowering. Very well done.
3	We wanted  a meal casual enough to take our three year old too but still not on the level of say, the Circus Circus buffet.  Well, this fit the bill.Chips and salsa were great.  Drinks were even greater!  Atmosphere was cozy and yet, kid friendly.I had the chicken tacos plate and they were pretty good.  I thought the prices were a bit high for what we got but for Vegas, that's to be expected.  Overall, it was a pleasant experience, but nothing super special.
4	Very good mexican food if you dont mind making your way to the TI which isnt one of my favorite casinos.   Steak Nachos and guac. were fantastic.  Chicken soup was very tasty and a good thing to order if you want to maybe split a full entree but want a little more.I had the steak "tower" or something to that effect and it was good -- maybe not as great as i expected but very nicely presented and tasty.
5	Must go for happy hour and great $5 margaritas. Excellent food, especially the adobo shrimp quesadilla.
4	The 4 stars are for the Tequila bar. Located in Treasure Island, Isla has HH everyday from 4-7 PM and offers discounted prices on beer and cocktails. Also, the bartenders are extremely helpful and even let you sample different tequilas that they personally recommend.They have a HUGE tequila menu but I would chat with the bartenders, specifically Teri, and ask for recommendations. Do you really want to sit at the bar and read a 30 page book? Depending on your price range and taste, they can suggest one to your potential liking.You can either sit at the bar or on one of the small couches adjacent to the casino.The restaurant food is another story. I would solely come here for HH or the Tequila bar. Their guacamole is extremely fresh and full of flavor but that's about it. The tacos were sub par, especially for Vegas. I really regret not trying Roberto's Taco Shop, which our taxi driver complimented.If you like tequila that has a soft caramel finish, try Frida Kahlo.
3	Treasure Island sure does a nice job reeling me in with their complimentary $50 dining credit. Unamused by any other venues in TI, we settled with Isla because 1) we heard they made a mean margarita and 2) they were airing the Giants' playoff game at the bar.Started off with a complimentary tower of tortilla chips with 3 different salsas, verde being my favorite. Added the chipotle adobo guacamole w/ pumpkin seeds, which was a delightful start to our meal. The flavor was intense, yet refreshing on a hot summer night. I could have kept chowing down on guac for the rest of the evening. Of course, we couldn't leave without trying the masa cakes. My favorite was the beef, but only because the other 2 completely fell apart on me. Least favorite was the queso fundido with chorizo. This was just a hot mess. Thank goodness for extra napkins covering my lap or else my jeggings would have been soaked in grease. The rock shrimp ceviche was a huge disappointment - extremely bland and extra watery. I suppose for a practically free meal, I can't complain too much, but I would not come back out of my own willingness. I'll give them kudos for making one hell of a margarita that managed to give my brother a good buzz only after a few sips, which is an accomplishment.
4	Order the masa cakes.  They are AWESOME and is one of the reasons we keep staying at this hotel (TI).  That and the cheap rooms, close proximity to the Wynn and Venitian, and amazing beds!
4	This place tries... They try to be upscale. But it's located in Treasure Island. The clientele is a mixed bag of people out for a decent dinner, families, or others who look like they just got off the plane.They try to create a cool atmosphere with the comfortable lounge overlooking the casino, chic/modern furnishings, and open kitchen. But the entry to the dining room from the lounge seems awkward and narrow -- like you're going in a back way. The coolness factor dipped way down when I saw the clown in front of me grab a handful of toothpicks from the hostess stand as he was walking back to his table. He tried to stuff them in his pocket but only half of them made it. The other half ended up on the floor. One of the hostesses tried to move them aside with her foot, but didn't have much luck as she was trying to balance on one foot. She walked away after her unsuccessful attempt. Toothpicks: 1, hostess: 0.They try to lure new customers with Groupons. They had some available last year, and again this year. They're successful on this point. I got one and some friends got one. They try to bring a new spin to Mexican food, but I didn't feel like it was anything I haven't seen before. Isla is one of Richard Sandoval's restaurants. If you've been to NY, DC, or Denver you might be familiar with some of his other spots (Zengo, La Sandia, La Biblioteca, etc.). The food at Isla may not be revolutionary, but they use better ingredients than your typical Mexican restaurant.The guacamole was tasty and filled with chunks of fresh avocado, tomatoes and onions.The ceviche was a delicious stack of rock shrimp, cilantro, and tomatoes, but was a little too hot for my tastes.The filet fajitas were a large mix of tender beef, peppers, onions, and mushrooms with a gooey pile of cheese on top. The beef barbacoa enchiladas were 3 tightly wrapped tortillas stuffed with a mild mix of chipotle sauce and delicious beef, topped with a red and green sauce and sour cream. I really liked how they didn't over-sauce the dish. I hate it when my food is drowning in sauce.Cocktails were excellent. Both their primo margarita and mojiito were some of the best ones I've had in a while.The service wasn't bad either. After telling the guy we had Groupons, I expected to be ignored all night. But he checked up with us a few times to make sure the food was good. Although he could have stopped by more often to offer us more cocktails. When he brought the check he forgot to subtract the Groupons, so we had to bring that to his attention.Prices aren't outrageous, at least for the Strip. Sure the Groupons helped. After tax and tip each one of us spent less than $40 per person. 3.5 Stars
5	This place was GREAT! I'm not much of a drinker, but I did have one of their well known margaritas and I was NOT disappointed at all. It was a bit pricey for a Mexican restaurant, but it is also considered "upscale" whatever that means... this is Vegas we're talking about. I've been there a few times and the fajitas (beef or chicken) are a force to be reckoned with. The seasoning they use on the meat is very unique. The beef almost has a sweet flavor to it that I believe, though I can't be certain, is orange flavored. It's nothing you'd expect, but definitely something you'll enjoy! They also have an array of deserts if that is your cup o' tea, but the best way to spend your time and money while in La Isla is on the actual meal. Enjoy friends! Regards, CFC
4	Good cold beer. Good chips & salsa. The steak pyramid was excellent! Our waiter was a bit on the slow side but we did have a large table seated so he gets a bit of a slide. Definitely recommended!
3	The food was decent.They recently changed their menu, so if your looking for tamales, sopes, or shrimp ceviche FORGET ABOUT IT!!The service was just okay, and the drinks was pretty good alittle small for the price( typical Vegas).
3	I purchased a Groupon to try this restaurant out.  The place was OK.The best part was the free chips and salsa that comes in the beginning of the experience when you're the most hungry.  The chips were fresh and came with three different salsas: green, red, and pico de gallo.  Yummy!I ordered the beef enchiladas, my friends ordered the chicken burrito and chicken enchiladas.  All were satisfied with their food, but both commented that we can easily have gotten the same quality at an outside Mexican restaurant such as El Torito or even Chili's.  For being in a casino, I would have thought the quality would be better.  The service was great as our waiter was extremely courteous.  The food was OK, but nothing much to rave about.  But if you're staying at this hotel and need a Mexican fix, this will do the job because the prices aren't too bad!
4	located in treasure island - a great place for dinner before the 7pm mystere show because they open at 4:30pm.  started off with a pitcher of margaritas.. done right!  the guacamole was fresh and tasty.   all of us had the fajitas (2 veggie and 2 chicken) and loved them!  i had the vegetarian fajitas - bell peppers, onions, and other veggies.  got them "alambre style", which is topped with melted cojita cheese.. so good and worth it!   the best thing, by far, was the kahlua creme brulee!  don't pass it up!  all in all, a good dinner and conveniently located a few steps away from the mystere theatre!
4	I had dinner at Isla this past weekend when I was on vacation in Vegas.  I'm from Texas so every single Mexican restaurant is really Tex-Mex, so Isla was a nice change of pace.  The margaritas were great (and strong), the nachos were different and tasty, and the shrimp quesadillas were my favorite.  I don't know if I'd go out of my way to eat here again on my next trip, but I'd certainly visit them again if I was nearby.
3	Came here with my best friends D and fellow yelper Michelle E. on a Groupon outing!  The set up of this joint was very cool, dark... spacious [you weren't in your neighbors conversation, which i hate]  the bar is in a seperate section but still very accessible.  the table set up is beautiful and you get a good view of the kitchen.  tableware and silverware were beautiful, artwork on the walls are very cool.the food is very similar to the fresh mex places out there like chipotle or baja fresh.  Nothing special... but not at all bad.  Chips and 3 salsas to start.  Chips were fresh and super crunchy which i love!  I ordered a chicken burrito that came with a salad and beans,  which was very good, but in the environment that we were in I just expected a little more i guess?  Something special?  the awesome thing about this place was i walked out not feeling stuffed like i usually do which is a good sign to me.  The presentation of the food was nice and the prices are awesome!!
4	It's all about the MARGARITAS!!!  The PRIMO IS PRIMO!  Somehow that addition of fruit juice sets off the slight bitterness in tequila to a T.  The Guacamole is like homemade, and the sauces are not so searing hot that you can't eat them without tearing up.  Warm tortilla chips make the appetizer perfect. The couch seating area by the bar allows you to people watch, or dart out to see the Siren's Show in front of TI.   We had a great time, with fun, friendly waitstaff, and a showy bartender, who kept the bar hoppin.My buds said their chicken enchiladas were too corny, with too much sauce, but from all the reviews I read from California, we must have a certain kind of Mexican food we cannot find here.  Reasonable prices make Isla a fun stop in TI.
5	I'm from New England, where really great, authentic Mexican food is pretty tough to come by.  I'd really love to try the Mexican places that the more critical reviewers of ISLA are comparing it to... because I've never tasted better Mexican food than the meal we had at ISLA!The freshly made tortilla chips came with 3 varieties of salsas for dipping.  All were tasty, and it was fun mixing and matching them together.  I ordered a classic margarita, which was also tops!I ordered the chicken enchiladas, and the boyfriend ordered the filet mignon burrito... yes, you read that right: filet mignon in a burrito.  I tasted it,  and it was pretty fantastic!  My enchiladas were also delicious.  I especially loved the flavorful red and green sauces they came topped with!  The rice and beans were also fantastic; far more flavorful than the types I've had at Mexican places back home.  I ate every scrap of food on my plate, as did my boyfriend.The prices were fair (especially for Vegas), the service was quick and friendly, and we both left saying we're not sure if we can go back to eating at Mexican restaurants back home after eating there!  I'm salivating just thinking about it, and saddened by the fact that it will likely be a very long time before I ever get to eat there again.  Sigh...
4	Came here for dinner on a Tuesday night - sat at the bar.  We ordered chips and salsa and was surprised that we were charged for it.  Guess that's Vegas. Also ordered some fruit mojitos which were delicious. The food came out before the chips and salsa. I had the cheese enchiladas and my friend got the chicken nachos. Both were pretty tasty. Overall a good spot - pricey for Mexican, but that's just Vegas.
4	Wow, my wife and I had a great time here.  We just got off the plane, and were a bit groggy.  This awesome meal really perked us up.  We had their 4 for thirty menu (you have to ask for it, it is not on their regular menu).  It was super tasty, and a nice value.  Part of it was a mixed green salad, and it had these spicy pumpkin seeds on it that were soooo good.  All the other items were great, too.  My green chile pork stew as an appetizer was super tasty.  We both got the house margarita, and it was very good.The service was good, but not great.  He seemed annoyed about the 4 for thirty thing (even though we tipped him as if we paid full price for everything).  We would have ordered more drinks, but he disappeared.Still, because of the great food, we would definitely be back.  It was a great time.
4	A good place to go to get out of the venetian for some mexican food.  Had the guacamole and queso dip for the chips.  Apparently we had too much dishes and a table meant for 4 seating 6, so things were a bit tight.I had the Isla Asada which was an asada steak served with some vegetable sides.  Pretty much a steak fajita with meat that has not been precut.
4	The food and service was excellent and the decor was nice.   It seems like this is a hidden gem just off the casino floor.We had the Chile Relleno and Pork Carnitas for our entrees and both were excellent.Only negatives the Sangria was a little weak and the air was smoky from the casino and bar.
5	Delicious food! We started with some very tasty guacamole and then I had the veggie fajitas. They were pretty simple, just peppers/ onions, guacamole, and beans in a tortilla (I am vegan) but I added a little salsa on top and it was fantastic. So good, in fact, that I ate the whole thing and it was definitely a large portion---I was totally stuffed. The drinks, atmosphere and service were great. A little pricey but for Vegas not too bad and worth it!
5	Met some friends here and this place seemed like alot of fun!!!  The best part is that I arrived after my friends were completely stuffed.  Bonus for me!!!I did not have to order a single thing to eat...I was able to graze my friends plates and everything was really good.  I wish I could tell you what I ate but I still have no idea.  It is funny when you think of Mexican Food...it contains tortillas, beans, rice, meat, cheese, avacado, crema, tomatoes, onions and lettuce...yet everything has a different name.The Chips and Salsa were also really good too but the salsa's were really spicy...I needed a beer to put out the flames.On my next trip back to Vegas I plan on coming here and ordering dinner maybe even look at the menu too.
5	This was incredible. We had the steak pyramid, which will blow your mind. Order it. Great drinks too.
4	At first I was turned away by the prices - $10 Mojitos, $10 chips and dips, meals hovering around $15.But once I got the chicken fajita (with guac), my opinion began to change. The chicken meat was slightly above average - nothing special, but the vegetables were cooked very fresh and had that slight sweet grill flavor that I love.  Guac was truly the best I've had, and went very well with the chips they provided before the meal.
5	Thank you again Yelpers!!!We stayed at Treasure Island over the weekend.  So, we decided to try Isla, because it had so many great reviews.  And, it definitely deserved it.  I had the Chicken Poblano Mole.  That sucker had some kick to it.  The rice was a nice short grain, cooked so it had just a bit of bite to it.  So, many restaurants overcook their Spanish rice.  I found the prices for the drinks a little on the high side, until I tasted mine.  I always say, quality costs.  My margarita with hand muddled fruit, and my wife's mojito were top notch.  Even the dessert was great.  We had the flourless Mexican Cake, and a scoop of Dulce De Leche Ice Cream.  The cake was a molten cake with just a hint of chile.  And the ice cream was topped with candied walnuts.
4	Thanks to the Yelp community, I found Isla, an nice oasis in the madness of Las Vegas. I would come again for sure, if I ever visit come to the Strip again in my entire life.  Guac and chips were fresh and lovely.  Entrees so good.  And I broke my one-margarita rule and ordered a second one.  Service was a little slow but very friendly.  Might have had something to do with the large bachelorette party in the same section.  I do recommend it.  Above average Mexican food! (And I know my Mexican food!)
5	an AMAZING place !! we stayed at T.I for free and had $50 in food comp and decided to go here and it was AMAZING !!!their margarita is amazing - the PRIMO one ! omg - its blended so well..and yum !!! just deliciousthe salsas they bring are pretty amazing- a tamatillo, a pico and a some kind of smoked pepper salsa - and they chips are fresh- but not heavy :) my dad and i both got MOLE- OMG- AMAZING- the perfect blend of spices and flavor in the mole sauce - the chicken was grilled with a rub- i mean great food- great service- great music playing the background ! perfect !!!
4	My wife and I love the chips & salsa at this place.  The food is simply AWESOME and really delicious.  But folks if your in the mood for a light snack you cant go wrong with a Margarita from here & the chips & salsa it's really awesome.
1	Surprised to see the place was half empty after we waited 15, 20 minutes.  Why did they make us wait? Next time they make you wait, you should ask to check inside the restaurant and see if how many empty tables there are.  I should've turned and gone to the coffee house or the buffet but I trusted the yelp reviews for some reason and made a mistake of staying here for food.Mediocre food at best. Tortillas that came with fajita were hard to chew and too think.  Drinks were bland.  Chips were not crisp.  Pork stew was so salty.  Steak Fajita was a-okay.  I was not so picky because I was extremely hungry and about to to pass out.  But the worst thing was the wait. Don't eat here. U will regret for sure.
2	I had a few friends recomment Isla so we decided to try it. My gf loves Mexican food so it was a go.We went there on Saturday night before we saw Love. The hostess greated us with a smile and was very nice.The decor was pretty cool also.I ordered this Margarita that had muddled fruit in it. It tasted good but the chunks of fruit kept clogging the straw, easy fix, just drink from the glass!My gf's diet is gluten free. They grilled the fish tacos which are usually battered. The waiter was friendly and made good suggestions about things she could have off the menu.We got the food and it was honestly just meh. I ordered the beef barbacoa enchiladas. They were alright. The plates had the typical accompaniments, refried beans and rice. Meh...Nothing wowed me. at all.When it came time for dessert. The waiter did something pretty lazy. Instead of walking around where are table was, he handed our desert menus across the booth from the hallway. We both looked at each other in awe. Then when dessert came, he did the same thing! He handed us the dessert instead of bringing it to us and placing it on the table. Then he handed us the dessert spoons. I have been in the food biz for a long time and this is just plain lazy. You can't even walk around to the friggin table? That says " I don't really care about the people that patronize this place in business so I can have a job".I didnt say anything to the manager because I don't want to make a big stink but I won't be back there.So far, the best places for Mexican we have dined at have been Dos Caminos at the Palazzo and Diego at MGM. Both excellent places. Great service and delicious food that aren't the typical refried beans and quesadilla kinda restaurants.
4	Great food at a reasonable price, considering you're in Vegas.Front desk didn't receive my online reservation somehow, but we were still seated right away.  I purchased a Groupon for $15 for $30 worth of food the day before, and the waiter took it cheerfully.  I ordered the chicken fajita which was absolutely delicious.  My boyfriend was jealous of my meal (he ordered the Isla sliders).  Service was great, water glass was constantly refilled (I drink a lot of water too!).  I would definitely go back.
3	I have been to Isla many times over the last five years or so years. What keeps me coming back is the tasty food and FAST service. It's like they can sense that you are crazy hungry, and they accommodate. It has never let me down. I have had the grilled chicken salad, the guac and trios of pork, chicken and beef tacos, along with rice and beans. All were flavorful, authentic, (not bastardized, greasy Americano/Mexi fare) and filling.  But in a good way, not the "oh jesus that was good but greasy, check in with me in a few hours" kinda way....I hadn't been here for a long while, and I wanted to make sure that they were still up to snuff. I wanted to write this review as if I had never eaten here before, just to be sure I was being fair to my fellow yelpers. Upon sitting, I was greeted by a warm, salty plate of fresh tortilla chips, nesting on a metal stacked tier below a trio of fresh salsas. Nice. I like variety. A nice Pico, a med green salsa and a nice mild red. I do love spicy, but these are not so much,  but still nice. Won't overwhelm the palette before dinner. My Margarita Classica went down with shocking ease (A little too fast for my taste, I may need help) not too sugary or muddled, and I could still taste and appreciate the tequila.  I ordered another right quick. I had the Baja tacos, which are beer battered and fried, but not too greasy, which is an A+ in my book. My Hubby had the filet of beef burrito. I couldn't make out much, other than a few inaudible groans, which is a good sign. The atmosphere is semi dark, and the restaurant seating is nestled away from the casino floor, which is nice. (I can still hear the slot machines, but can't see them, so at least that's a plus.) The staff is still super friendly and quick, so if you are not in a hurry and want to linger, just tell them. The prices still rock, especially for the strip. I like that. Thanks Isla, for being consistent, simple, and yummy. Not the best around, bit still good and a great value.
2	So I bought the groupon to this place for our Vegas trip this week. We get there from walking a mile from our casino to find that they open at 4 (it was like 2ish). We were going to have a late lunch there. I wanted to use the group on so we decided to eat a light lunch and go there for drinks and apps at 4ish. We get back and it happened to be happy hour. I told them I had a groupon and they said I couldn't use it on happy hour. Weird bc the groupon did not say we couldnt. But Ok... So show me what I can get. It seemed like such a hassle.The waitress said we couldn't get margaritas bc it was happy hour and it took her like 10 min just to bring us the reg menu. We decided to just forfeit the groupon and order from the happy hour despite the fact that the groupon did not specifically say it couldnt be used on happy hour. As we sat we saw a couple other disgruntled customers over the groupon/happy hour issue, one of which ordered $50 worth of food and drinks specifically bc she had the group on. She harrassed and literally yelled at the manager until she got compensated. I should have but with the super slow service we were just ready to get out of there and not hear screaming customers anymore. For 2 margaritas and nachos to take an hour from ordering to getting the receipt was just absurd and annoying. Overall the service was super slow, and our margaritas tasted like the cheap Jose mix. The Plus side was we ordered the nachos and those were delicious! Maybe dinner would be better especially with the groupon usage but this experience was just poor.
2	I purchased the groupon $15 for $30 while my fiance and I were driving to Las Vegas for the weekend, I was so excited to try something new and visit that end of the strip. First off, let me start by stating that we were staying at the Mandalay Bay hotel and to get to the restaurant which is in the Treasure Island hotel took an hour to get to. That put us into ultra hunger mode when we finally got there. We read some ot the other reviews and were a little aprehensive about going, but since I had the groupon I was going anyways. We were seated right away, the lighting is very romantic and the decor is gorgeous. The waiter came over very quickly and brought us chips and salsa I ordered the guacamole, carne asada tacos and my fiance ordered the shredded barbacoa enchiladas. After I ordered I told them I had a groupon, all of a sudden their quick and efficientness turned into a slow crawl. Our waiter brought over our guacamole and let me tell you that is really good! I would go there again for chips, salsa, and guacamole, the rest of the food wasn't too good. My carne asada tacos looked like they were cooked in a pan with oil and was chopped up into small bites, nothing like what is pictured! not to mention there was fat still on the meat. The oil was dripping out of the tacos and there was no seasoning to the meat. The beans tasted like they were from a can, the rice was okay and as for my fiance his enchiladas wasn't barbacoa it was a shredded beef, barbacoa is PORK! He wasn't too happy with his food either, you should also keep in mind that my fiance is Hispanic and we eat authentic Mexican food at least once a week, and even I know how to make real refried beans so we are extremely harsh critics when it comes to mexican food. We wouldn't eat this place again, such a shame cause we want to try new places out when we go to Vegas. I love the fact that I used a groupon with this place, had we gone without one I would have been very upset. If you have ever had good mexican food before, avoid this place as you will be very disappointed, if you are from a place that never serves mexican food then you will probably like it.
2	Pretty plain, nice presentation but lacks every place else.
1	I just visited this restaurant a few weeks ago, and it was one of the WORST in Vegas.  We were waiting a long time for the hostess to show up, and when she finally did she greeted us with an attitude.  Our waiter was ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE!!!  I cannot express how poor the service was, because he messed up my order TWICE and very rarely came to our table.  The manager wasn't any better, because as we left the restaurant and walked by both the manager and hostess, they ignored us and didn't even thank us for our business or say "Have a good day".  I don't have unreasonable expectations of restaurant service, but my experience at La Isla was just unacceptable.
2	It was a 30 minute wait for a table, but were told we could dine at the bar.  The bartenders were really friendly.  There were signs at the video poker machines at the bar stating if you play $1 bets and put at least $20 in the machine, you'll drink for free.  Well, I put a lot more money in AND paid for my drinks.  Whatever, I wasn't going to be that person demanding free drinks.  They should take the signs down if they are going charge because I'm sure there's plenty of hillbillies that will complain.The food was ok.  I just got a quesadilla that I won't write home or Yelp about.  Pops got a pork green chile burrito that he said was cold.  This was surprising because we got our food in like 5 minutes.  I'd figure it would be piping hot.  Can you say "already made and thrown into the microwave?"  So I won't be back.  Too many fabulous restaurants in fabulous Las Vegas to spend my pennies here.
3	I've been trying quite a few, fairly authentic, Mexican restaurants in Denver, and so my Mexican food taste buds are pretty spoiled right  now. Enter, the Isla...had a groupon so thought we'd roll over and give it a whirl. True to vegas form, even after my groupon, we spent nearly 60 dollars out of pocket for 4 people.Food was ok, nothing really had the wow factor. Chips and salsa was ok, again, not much excitement.Next time we visit Vegas, we're hoping to find a REALLY good authentic mexican food...guessing we'll have to venture off strip?
5	We discovered Isla during our stay at the Treasure Island. Now, every time we go to Vegas, we make a stop here for their happy hour!We always get the al pastor tacos. SOOOO good! Margaritas + an extra shot. CHEAP!
4	I was in charge of planning our girl's weekend in Vegas last week and that included trying new places to eat.  Well, I went Groupon and LivingSocial hunting for ideas.  Isla Mexician Kitchen & Tequila Bar came up...so I bought the deal and thought, "What the heck, we'll give it a try."  I was pleasantly surprised.  We walked right in on a Saturday evening, the place wasn't packed but there were a couple of large parties and some families.  Our waitress noticed the deals I had printed out and was still very pleasant and attentive.  I ordered the barbacoa enchiladas and they were quite tasty.  I like my food a little spicer, but the flavor was great.  My friends order tacos and said they were really good, but didn't elaborate.  We did order the flourless chocolate cake with chilli to share.  It was amazing!!  Served warm with ice cream.  The chili had a nice little back-of-the-throat burn after the chocolate burst.  So yummy!!I will make another visit to Isla in my future trips to Vegas.
4	For a Vegas strip restaurant, this is actually a really good deal. The food is great, maybe the best Mexican on the strip and the prices aren't bad, especially considering the location. The tequila selection is fantastic.
5	I go there for one reason and one reason only: the tequila and the bartender, Auggie! She really schooled us to tequila and got us messed up in the process. Great place to get that early evening buzz.
3	WHERE: Located inside Treasure Island Hotel/Casino! (If I can recall, it's by the buffet?)WHY: Try some uniquely crafted Mexican food!WHAT: Firstly, the place was absolutely gorgeous! From the dimmed setting, to the chill atmosphere, it gave off a great vibe.My friend and I decided we try this place out because he is a fairly picky eater, but isn't picky when it comes to nachos! When we entered the restaurant though, we were directed all the way to this spot in the corner. It was literally in the corner, you can probably fit a full-sized square table right next to where we were. That right there made us feel like outcasts!While we were seated, we waited for our menus and realized the table wasn't "cleaned". A couple minutes later, the server realized we were there, saw the dirty table, and went to grab a cloth to clean it with.  We then made our orders.One of the servers came to give us water, and he noticed my glass was dirty as well, so he gave me a new one. Thank goodness! I love me some water, and I don't want any dirtiness in my water! X)I tried the Isla Sliders, which included a trio of shredded pork, beef barbacoa, and chipotle chicken sliders. They were all good, but I did notice they were dryer than the usual slider.My friend tried the Isla Nachos. On a positive not, he loved them (Although they gave us nachos with three types of salsa after we ordered, LOL). I got to try them as well, and the nachos are the way to go!Overall, I thought this place was just decent. Thinking about if I will ever go there just to eat again? I don't think so. =/
3	Beware the guacamole...First of all let me say, this place has some pretty decent Mexican food for a good price ($10-$15/person) in Las Vegas. Pretty similar to an El Torito or Acapulco.That being said, if you decide to go here, do not get fooled into ordering the guacamole. Our waiter came to our table and asked if we would like some chips and guacamole, to which we responded "sure"... and he left without another word.Now... maybe I'm being unreasonable, but usually when I go to Mexican restaurants I expect the chips and salsa to be free. Since our waiter said "chips and guacamole" I figured they do guac here instead of salsa... and even if they DID charge for it, I figure they would have at least told us the price before we agreed since we didn't even open our menus yet.Well they brought out a TINY plate of guac,, enough for 1 or 2 people to eat as an appetizer. It was really good, but to my dismay, when our check came I realized they charged us $10 for it. $10 for a tiny plate of guac is ridiculous.Overall this place is pretty good, I would have given it a solid 4 stars if it wasn't for the guac incident.
5	Mmm tequila. I got the steak pyramid, it was super good
4	This restaurant in TI is absolutely wonderful. The food tastes very fresh and the guacomole was so delicious we couldn't stop eating it! I had the Chicken Enchiladas Divorciadas and it was presented beautifully and tasted even better with 2 kinds of sauces, both equally flavored uniquely, one green, one red. We felt the prices were reasonable for the quality of the food and the wonderful service. My husband always gets mole sauce and he said that altho it was good, he looks for a "hotter" mole than what he had here. We both loved the rice and the refried beans, again both sides tasted very fresh, much better than what is normally slapped onto a plate in our local mexican restaurant. A very nice dinner well worth the price!
3	3.5-4 starsWhile waiting for the rest of our group to arrive in Vegas, the boy, my best friend and I decided to grab some dinner. At 9 p.m. the place was packed but we were seated after waiting a few minutes.Our server was really nice but took awhile to take our drink and food orders. My friend was checking-in and I went with her to find her room and help her get settled. 15-20 minutes later and they still hadn't taken our order! They did give us chips and 3 different kinds of salsa - pico de gallo, tomatillo, and salsa verde. Anyway, here's what we ordered:-Regular Mojito's-Grilled Steak Quesadillas-Tacos Baja-Isla Rice & Refried BeansThe mojito's were okay - they were a little too sweet for my taste. They also came in a smaller glass so you couldn't really see all the fresh ingredients. I had the steak quesadillas and I thought they were okay, a little on the dry side but that was easily fixed with adding some of the salsa on top. I had a bite of the tacos baja, or fish tacos, and they were really good - I wish I had ordered those! The side of rice and beans was pretty basic but really good when paired with the tacos. This is another great option inside Treasure Island to grab some dinner. It's also really nice and dimly-lit inside so you kind of forget that you're in a casino.
5	Had a great time here! Chef Phil Morris is a very nice guy, who came over to talk to us and chat about the food. We especially loved the guacamole, chile relleno and the fajitas. Margaritas are solid as well.  Recommended!
4	Three words: Filet Mignon Burrito.Amazing.  The only reason I give this place 4 stars is because the waiter was absolutely worthless... that should tell you something about the food.  If you want gourmet, delicious Mexican food, DO NOT SKIP THIS PLACE.  Even the chips and salsa are amazing.I came on a groupon, and service was so bad, I didn't stick around to see the waiters face. I left groupon, and a sliver of a tip on the table.
4	A good Mexican place on the strip that isn't too fancy or expensive.We always enjoy the chips and salsa. The chips are really good on their own.Everyone at our table ordered a taco plate and it was just the right amount of food. The tacos al pastor came with 4 mini tacos and rice & beans. I am usually not a fan of the rice & beans, but at Isla they were really good. The only complaint was that the hotel let one of those photo companies come into the restaurant and made our group pose for awkward photos for what seemed like an eternity. Then tried to sell us photos when we were done eating. It was awful.
4	Isla boasts delicious Mexican food.  Our server was amazing and took excellent care of us.  After he was informed that one of our dining companions was a strict vegetarian, he gave her a side of queso as she couldn't partake in one of our appetizers and made sure that both of her sides with her dinner were vegetarian.  The muddled mojitos were ridiculously tasty.  I had the fish tacos. I loved the corn tortillas which were soft and not hard and annoyingly flaky.  My only complaint is that it's hard to dance on a full stomach, so pace yourself, cowboy.
3	Friendly service, good salsa and guac and decent mexican fare. Not super-authentic but tasty nonetheless. A good place to go in vegas if you are looking for something casual with family or friends.I would eat here again for sure.
4	(DISCLAIMER:  I only tried this place for some light pre-show bites & drinks during Happy Hour.)It was wonderful to be able to skip the insanely long, slow buffet line that stretched in front of this place and plunk our buns down at the bar.Our bartender (Edwin) was WONDERFUL!   We had the premium classical margaritas ($7 HH price) - and I must say, it was one of the best margaritas I have had.  I mean, ingredients included freshly squeezed lime juice and grand marnier (cointreau?) drizzled on top - how can you go wrong?  Somehow, he kept us in drinks (no waiting/trying desperately to catch the bartender's eye here) without any perceptible rush or stress.  Absolute first class. As for the food, we had the achiote chicken wings  and the marinated pork tacos ($6 each - HH prices).   To be honest, I admit my expectations were low  (too much Las Vegas buffet food) but the food was surprising tasty - gorgeous to look at and the flavors mature and harmonious.  My only gripe is that the servings were a bit small...    but overall, this place was well worth the time & money.
4	01/04/12 DINNER.I know this might sound ridiculous, but I actually enjoyed MEXICAN food on the Strip. AGAIN!First we found El Segundo Sol. Of course not as authentic as some Mex I had while living in Los Angeles for 41 years, but for Vegas, not bad at all. (Their secret "serrano salsa", more a green paste, is a heat-lovers DREAM!)Then we returned (the first time was when we were visitors to Vegas in the 90's) to Border Grill @ Mandalay Bay. HERE is the best Mex on the Strip, period. I give a lot of credit to Mike Minor. We've known the owners, the "Two Hot Tamales", since the 80's, and their places in LA are great, but he's added value to this location.But NOW, a third find. Isla. At Treasure Island? I know, seems strange, but VERY good.I say YES! to the classic margaritas (cheaper at happy hour), all 3 regular salsas, the "only if you ask" FLAMING habanero salsa, the weird (never seen this before) guacamole w/ pumpkin seeds on top, THOSE CARNITAS (enough to feed 4 people, wonderful), the beans (both the charro & refried were good), THE RICE (GOOD RICE! BELIEVE IT OR NOT!), and the thin corn tortillas that came with the carnitas.Again, I'm on the Strip?OK, the tortilla chips were not the best I've ever eaten, but perfectly acceptable. And the green chili burrito was good, but not the best. (Go to Carlito's Burritos if you want FANTASTIC green chili.)The only bummer? The bar is separated from the restaurant by a wall of NOTHING. No glass, just some objects d'art and tequila bottles. So the restaurant did have some cigarette smoke issues. But what can you do, you're just off the casino floor.Oh, and the waiter was great, too. Attentive, friendly. I'm telling you, I really am happy I moved to Vegas a year ago. The restaurant folks have all been quite great and provided great times. (EXCEPT FOR A FEW. See my negative yelps for those!)So overall, if you're in the area, try this place. Hopefully this wasn't a fluke! (Judging by all the positive Yelps, I'm guessing it wasn't!)PS I also eat at taco places off-strip that are $1+change a taco, family run, no ambiance, great food. I miss Oaxacan, but what can I do, this is Vegas!
4	I swear if it wasnt for my dude Arturo who was our bartender for the night, my night wouldn't be as entertaining. This guy is the real deal. Luckily my gf copped us a 2 for 1 cocktail deal, courtesy of TI. I basically had rum and coke and another glass of vodka and cranberry juice. I did get a bit tipsy and I did have a great time talking with Arturo and my gf! He is so helpful with the types of drinks too. He gave us the details on each tequila and told us what was hot and what was not. He introduced my to some expensive ass tequila called Ansom Broso which was anejo and cost $125 a shot!!!! Holy crap! He even gave me a swig of the tequila azul which cost $25 a shot! He is legit I tell you.If you ever visit TI and drink through ISLA, I suggest coming around 12 am and having Arturo as your personal dude.
5	Awesome!  Located in TIBest Upscale Mexican food in Vegas IMO.  Service here is always great as well.Gratis Chips and Salsa. Three types of Salsa are included.-Margaritas are great and have a good kick!-Guacamole with the Pumpkin seeds is so excellent and flavorful!!! YUM!!!!-I didn't try, but my friend was really into the chicken quesadillas-Enchiladas are on Point and so flavorful.-Steak Taco's are also very excellent with good cuts of meat that are marinated well.-Steak Fajitas are excellent and come out sizzling.  Steak is so great. Can order both warm and fresh flour and corn tortillas with it.Basically, everything that I have tried here is great. Not a bad order or experience yet. Been here twice and look forward to enjoying many more meals here when I am back in Vegas.Make sure to get the habanero hot sauce for your meal! Awesome!
4	I swear if it wasnt for my dude Arturo who was our bartender for the night, my night wouldn't be as entertaining. This guy is the real deal. Luckily my gf copped us a 2 for 1 cocktail deal, courtesy of TI. I basically had rum and coke and another glass of vodka and cranberry juice. I did get a bit tipsy and I did have a great time talking with Arturo and my gf! He is so helpful with the types of drinks too. He gave us the details on each tequila and told us what was hot and what was not. He introduced my to some expensive ass tequila called Ansom Broso which was anejo and cost $125 a shot!!!! Holy crap! He even gave me a swig of the tequila azul which cost $25 a shot! He is legit I tell you.If you ever visit TI and drink through ISLA, I suggest coming around 12 am and having Arturo as your personal dude.
4	Pretty great Mexican food for a Hotel on the strip. The cheese enchiladas were delicious!
4	Went here because a friend recommended me and told me it was a reasonably priced food.  It is Vegas after all so didn't want to splurge all my money away on food. Now what also made this place even better was a little thing called GROUPON that saved me even more money.  I am very picky when it comes to Mexican food, but I really enjoyed the food they served here.  Their Margaritas were strong but yet very flavorful also.  Their burritos are nice portions with a lot of flavor.  They have a huge selection of tequilas and even though I have not gone there doing Happy hour, they have discounts on their tequilas.  I can't wait to go back and have a few drinks and more food.
4	So we went to Osla for my sisters 21st birthday dinner and it was great, the service was kinda slow but over all the drinks and food was good we didnt have the groupon that everyone is talking about so it was a bit pricey for tacos lol but its vegas haha let me say that the NACHOS & mango margarita are so yummy.... i will be going back when im back in town
4	$5 margaritas & palomas (among other drinks) during the happy hour were decent.  You HAVE to ask for the complimentary chips & salsa in the bar.  If you stop there, relax, talk, and watch the people go by, you'll probably have a great time.  The happy hour food was pricey, small, and not very tasty- get or split a meal instead.
4	Isla, inside Treasure Island, is a really good semi-upscale Mexican restaurant. While I was there the bar was always packed and reservations were required in the dining room.  Service was very efficient at both the bar and restaurant. If you are a Tequila person there is an extensive tequila menu. I am I did and was not disappointed. Waiter will assist you if you can describe what you type of tequila you favor.We went with a group on both occasions and no one was disappointed.. I had a chicken enchilada type dish on the first go around and it was pretty good. The filet mignon burrito was also a hit on my second visit. The taco chips were OK not great. And their top shelf Margies were also a hit. If you are staying at TI this is a good place for happy hour and people watching. If you do have drinks, Apps and dinner it can get expensive, but the food and drinks are very good.
4	Hands down a solid meal.  In the land of buffets and suspect food, this place delivers a good meal with real flavor.  Sure it might be a few dollars more than your local taqueria but hey, it's Vegas.  I had the carnitas plate and I definitely recommend it.  There are also a ton of different tequilas to try out.  The bartenders were ready with recommendations.All in all worth the money and time In a city where a sucker is served every minute and shitty meals are as plentiful as the strip club flyers in the gutter.
4	I came here back in December and I loved their cheese enchiladas. My aunt called ahead and had the baker of the hotel send down a special cupcake. After we finished eating they brought it out to me. Our waiter was awesome!
3	Went here for a bachelor party dinner.  Prices were good, food was average.  Good margaritas.
4	What a lovely meal.  We ate here the first night in town, just plain hungry.  We also lack good Mexican restaurants at home so were hoping for something closer to authentic.  We were so pleased with ours meals (we both got cheese enchiladas)--both in terms of taste and value.  Note that you also get free chips and salsa.  The chips are hot and salty and the salsa is actually a trio of decent (but not outstanding) salsas.
4	This place was good. The food had a lot of flavor. The guacamole was FANTASTIC!!! The server was very accomidating for our kids. He recommended some things that weren't on the menu for them and the kitchen followed through. The head chef even came over and made sure that the kids enjoyed their food ( which they absolutely did) and then got them complimentary dessert.  It was a little overpriced, but I would eat there again, just because of the service alone.
4	My girlfriends and I had a great experience at isla.  Located in the treasure island hotel.We were in town for my girlfriends 24th birthday we had dinner here on a Saturday night not a long wait at all we started off with the best strawberry margarita I've ever had with real strawberries blended in! delish :) some chips salsa guacamole and for my entree I had the steak tacos they were great! Management came over multiple times to check up on us I think he had a crush on the birthday girl ;) our waiter was fantastic split our bills 5 ways. Definitely recommend.
4	the chips and salsa were bad ass and I don't even eat carbs
4	My husband and I enjoyed a casual meal at the bar right off the casino floor in Treasure Island.  The hotel gives out a buy one get one drink for this restaurant when you check in and we sure weren't going to let that go to waste.  The margaritas were a little too heavy on the ice but were decent.  The chips and salsa are very good as the other reviews state.I had the shrimp guacomole salad that is almost like a slaw and a little texturally unusual but good.  My husband had the enchiladas and they were quite good as well.  Nothing too extraordinary but good and a good way to kick off a weekend of alcohol consumption.
4	I was very impressed with the decor, the service and the food! My colleague and I were staying at Treasure Island for a trade show and decided on Mexican food for dinner. I'm happy ISLA was the choice. Warm, crunchy tortillas with three dipping sauces came out and made no need for an appetizer, although they had very tempting choices. My co-worker ordered the steak pyramid and it looked amazing on the menu. When it actually came out, my first impression was that it was smaller than I expected, but it did come with a side of rice and beans. I got a bite of the meat and ohhhhh la la, that's some tender ass meat! I don't know what they use to marinate it but damn it was yummy. I, on the other hand, ordered the pork sliders with fries (I am a french fry fiend!) There were 3 total and I got full after the 2nd one. The entire experience, lighting, decor, food presentation was all very impressive. It was definitely a far call from the hole-in-the-wall joints in SJ. If you're ever by Treasure Island, drop by ISLA, you won't be disappointed!
4	Loved the steak tower.
4	We made a 7:45 reservation here before going to see Mystere.  We came at the recommendation of my sister and were very happy we did.It didn't start that way though.... We ordered the peach margarita, which took about 10 minutes to arrive. The waiter didn't come to take our order until after the drinks arrived. But, we didn't like the drinks. They were frozen (didn't say so on the menu) and they tasted like a fruit smoothie, not a margarita. The waiter was nice about taking them back and we ordered the raspberry margaritas instead. Those took about 10 minutes to arrive also and the waiter STILL didn't come by to take our order.We loved the raspberry margaritas...could taste the tequila and the raspberry flavor was very intense.  I ordered the achiote salmon and my husband ordered the tacos al pastor.  The chips and salsa were pretty good. We both liked the tomatillo salsa best.We like strong drinks, so we ordered a shot of Cazadores for each. It was a HUGE shot, but it was also $12. That was the kick the drink needed.Our food arrived and I was disappointed with my salmon. The tomatillo-mango salsa was cold on top of the salmon and had a lot of raw onions in it, which are not my favorite. Also, the salmon was too well done for my taste. I wasn't going to send it back, but the manager asked me how it was and I hesitated and after our conversation, he insisted on making me a new one...medium this time. The manager told us he was new, so he was probably a little over-eager to please, which was fine with us. He also gave us 1 shot of tequila on the house, which was really nice.My husband really liked his tacos. The pork was super tender and flavorful. My new salmon came shortly and it must have been missing the chile morita sauce last time because this new salmon was AMAZING. That sauce was spicy, tangy and had a lot of depth. On top of the new, tender medium salmon, we both dove in and finished the whole thing. The corn tamale it came with was a little too sweet for dinner. The charro beans were good.The sent us dessert on the house and we picked the recommended crepes, which were just okay. The homemade vanilla bean ice cream was pretty darn good. I'm not sure if I'd come back here. though...the salmon was really delicious, but Vegas has SO many good restaurants.
2	Holy wow. Why are they so mean here? What did I do? I swear I thought the bartender was gonna punch me when I asked about happy hour and what was on special. I would normally have made some kind of smart ass remark or been a jerk back to this guy but I was so caught off guard by his level of rudeness I just kind of sat there in shock.The margarita I finally got, which he pawned off on a different, somewhat friendlier bartender was pretty damn good, maybe the best I had in Vegas. Unfortunately it just wasnt worth being treated like I had slapped the bartenders child to get.Why are all the employees at TI so unhappy?????
2	Good: queso fundido, chips and salsa were good Food: ordered barbacoa enchiladas. The barbacoa at Chipotle is way better than this place! The corn on the cob was salty. Drinks: strong cocktails with tequila. The mojito with tequila was a little strange. But for $10 it was alright. I wouldn't come back here again. There are far more superior places to eat in Las Vegas!
3	Decent food.  Service was fine.  Nothing special in my mind.
3	Extensive tequila selection, decent sized menu, but the food was not impressive. The tacos were very light on the meat and my friends entree's were not that great.The service was great and the bartenders had a great pour, but the food was not the best. I think its worth trying once, but unless im looking for some good tequila, i wont be going back.
4	Made a reservation here for my sister's 21st birthday, because it looked fancy, she loves nachos, and the prices were acceptable for everyone in the party.Our waitstaff was awesome. Half of the party ordered drinks, and man were they strong! If it hadn't been the youngin's ordering them, there might even have been complaints that they were TOO strong. Definitely a plus in my book...The Chips and Salsa that is brought to the table is delicious! I love the different flavors they give you, and you can tell the chips are made fresh.I split the fajitas with another person in the party. I would DEFINITELY recommend splitting dishes. They are HUGE! The fajitas were flavorful, and didn't need any hot sauce (I am a freak about hot sauce, I ALWAYS need hot sauce).I had a couple bites of the steak burrito - yummy, flavorful meat! I also tried some of the nachos - very well made; a good amount of cheese and toppings to fill every chip.At the end of the dinner, they even brought out a complimentary dessert for my sister, and we procedded to embarrass her beyond belief by singing as loud as possible.This is a good restaurant to go for a more low-key or romantic setting, without getting too serious or expensive.
5	Delicious enchiladas divorciadas, and pineapple mojitos!!
1	It shut down July 28th.  You should know that before you try calling for several days, like me! haha
5	Service is quick The people are friendly The ambiance is wonderfulThe presentation is cleverly doneThe food is great!What more can I say?
