1	This place has a friendly bartender, but is mismanaged.  It is a local bar which has eliminated all distractions from gaming.  No pool tables, darts, food, etc.  Only gaming and you better like the machines because they charge $6 for bud lights if you don't game!
5	Ok so I live right behind this bar and it was my first time going there. So today I decided to go in and give it a try, maybe this could be my local hang out who knows. I walked in and sat down and the bartender told me that the domestic cost $6 unless I put $10 in the machine then he could comp me. Ok so I played and he gave me a beer so I left a $1 for my 1st beer and I kept playing. So that 1st bartender went home and the graveyard bartender gave me another beer comped since i was still playing. Anyway I had $6 left on the game and I started to play 1 quarter at a time. I never asked for another beer but the graveyard bartender gave me one more on the house. i felt that since I was gambling and getting beers instead of tipping $1 per beer I would just give him $5 for the whole thing. So I picked up the $1 and held on to the $5 and he told my that I was taking his tip and I was being cheap and he told me to leave... First I thought he was joking and I laughed but then he looked at me and said I'm serious get the fuck out! I looked at him and said why and he said I don't need a reason just get out. So I still left him the $5 and said have a nice night and walked out. I've never been so insulted, even if I didn't wanna leave him a tip he has no rights to treat me like that..... I work in the service industry I know what tipping means! I know everyone has their bad days but when you work in the service industry you should know how to treat your guess. I am defiantly call his manager in the morning and hopefully he does not continue to work there! I'm not saying to avoid this place but that bartender has got to go!
3	3 1/2 Strong stars!I am a bit partial as I have been coming here for 3 years. Um yeah I live across the street so it is easy to drop in after work from time to time! I go on Sat, Sun and Mon only. That is when the best kick ass bartender "Regina" is working and without her there I would not visit nearly as much as I do! It is a locals spot as every visit I see the same bunch, yes I know them all by name, lol. Play and drink, simple as that.You drink if you play bottom line otherwise the drinks are insanely priced.Love you Regina my bartender friend!Regina rocks my world!Important Note:Don't waste your time coming here for pool, darts, dancing or food as this is a no frills bar! You will get  music (classic rock, soft rock), drinks and gaming. Michael's Pub is down the street for all of that. The patrons are an older group, I am the baby of the bunch and I love it!!!!!I play and drink all night. They have tons of winners seriously, the chances are if you play you will win. I have never gone here a night and not seen a guy or gal waiting to be paid out a healthy jackpot. The gaming is the best! The machines are hot and paying out all of the time! I have won numerous times myself it is a proven fact that gaming pays here! I have done it, I have seen it!Why only 3 stars for a place with such an awesome bartender you say?There is just that, an awesome bartender...no food, no pool table, no darts, not much of anything but a bar and drinks with some gaming. A bar with no food will not get 4 stars from me.They have a kitchen that has been closed for some time, too bad :(
3	This is my bar!!! I love this place and it has the best bartender in Las Vegas Regina! She makes nice strong drinks and shes always making up new drinks for me. Most bars I go to I spend a fortune and don't even leave buzzed or drunk, not this place I cant stress enough how strong her drinks are there awesome! Not to mention the fact shes fun to be around and an overall awesome bartender very attentive! I always have a blast with all the locals that come here there all awesome! Now don't come here if you want to play pool , darts, dance or eat this bar is strictly for drinking and gaming. This is the best bar in Las Vegas!!! Note: Only come Sat Sun Mon Another note: The slots are very tight its extremely rare when I win here!
