3	This facility is brand new and they convince you to drop on in for a $3 car wash. I talked myself into the monthly pass so hopefully I can remember to get my moneys worth. Last 2 visits to this place I have noticed that the front of my car isn't getting cleaned. Still got bugs stuck on the front. The guys direct you in and do a little pressure spraying on the front but I guess its not strong enough to do an effective job. One thing I do like to is the vacuums. They seam to be pretty powerful and I'm able to get my inside squared away.
1	I honestly wish you could give zero stars. DO NOT purchase a monthly car wash from this company. My son has literally been trying to cancel it for months.  We went in the first time and cancelled. Went the next time and got documentation of the cancelation. Still being charged so finally had to have the bank get involved and pay for a stop payment. Its absurd how they handle this problem, I called corporate and they said he was still using the pass. That's pretty difficult when his trucks transmission is out. This is a complete scam.
4	This $3 wash is easily worth... $4?...It has brushes so I won't take my black vehicle here, but for the white sedan; perfeco! You get what you pay for but don't be a moron and fall for the monthly deal, unless you'll really use it. Per prior reviews there may be an issue with canceling memberships so maybe don't mess with it. At $3 a pop, who needs an unlimited for whatever price they're charging? This was created for a convenient & quick wash... that's it!! Use it for such and you'll be pleased. Good day!
4	Just like Tyler Z, at $3 a wash, why do you need a monthly pass?  And that is just for 1 car.  Now, if it was $16.95 for however many cars you want, perhaps, as we usually get each of the three cars washed a couple times a month.  I usually go sometime between Mon-Thurs from 7:30-10:00 am to get $2 off any wash that is greater than $3.  So, you can still pay $3 for the $5 wash.  Today we got the $10 wash and it was Saturday evening from our trip of 4500 miles caked with dead bugs all over the car.It was almost worth it, but it did not get all the bugs off as we'd hope, so we'll have to run it through one more time.  So, it will cost us probably $18-20 total, which I might have been able to go through Cobblestone with a coupon or Francis & Sons for that price.But, under normal washes, either the $3 or $5 (that we pay $3) works great for our vehicles.  We don't mind vacuuming because we don't keep the inside of our cars too dirty or a mess like some people.So, so far, this is a good deal for us and keeps our cars cleaned at a real inexpensive price.Oh, sometimes their dryers don't really dry the cars enough, so you might consider keeping a towel in the car to wipe off excess water.  For the smaller vehicles, it's not a lot of excess water, but when we take the Explorer, our SUV through it, lots of excess water, so that is the only really down side to this car wash.  But, hey, for $3, what do you expect?
5	Just went there today. For all the complainers about the $16.95, today they are offering $10.00 off the monthly pass. So that's a great deal. I think for just to drive through for $10.00 a wash and vacuums that work better then any I have ever tried before isn't so bad a deal.  I have purchased monthly passes before and had no problem canceling.
5	I love this place. I get exactly what I expect. The car wash cleans my car great, and the staff is always friendly.
