4	I ended up coming to this location after I had a very terrible experience at the other Tire Works located in Silverado Ranch (located at Silverado Ranch blvd and Maryland pkwy).  I wrote that location a terrible review because they screwed up my wheel balance.  I had purchased a Lifetime Wheel Balance at all Tire Works location for my BMW 530i.The staff at this location was very friendly and they got my car in right away.  They got the job done right the first time without any problems.  I recommend making an appointment in advance because they do get really busy if you just drop in.  I have been back twice so far and will continue to return every 6 months to have my wheels balanced at this location.
4	The service was AWESOME!!! They were very helpful and friendly! After I left I bought them all pizza for lunch I liked them so much! Oh, and the tires are pretty good too!!  :)
1	If it was possible to leave a rating of 0 stars, that's what I would do.  Do not go to this place.  They're incompetent, have lack luster service, and seem to be utterly clueless.  I went to Tire Works on 9-20-2011 around 10 AM.  I was going  there to have a small nail in my front tire repaired.  I was also having them replace 1 rear tire and having my alignment done.  Before they did any work I asked how long it would take since I had a 1 PM appointment.  They replied "less than an hour".  I then gave them cell phone number and asked them to call me when it's done.  I returned to the store 2 hours later at noon.  My car was not ready yet.  I asked how much longer and was told "soon" and sat there for about 30 minutes.  It's now been 2.5 hours and I have no more time to spare.  I ask if my car is ready, of course it's still not ready.  After 2.5 hours they have put on 1 tire, that's it.  They still have the alignment to do.  I tell them no, it's too late  I have to go, I ask them to put my car down saying I'll get the alignment done later.  It would have been nice to at least receive a phone call saying it was taking way longer than they stated, but no, I ultimately had to tell them to lower the lift and give me my car back pronto.At this point I just thought their service was very lack luster.  After my 1 PM appointment I began the drive to southern California (which Tire Works was also aware of).  After about 25 miles into that journey I end up on the side of the road with a flat tire.  Not just one tire, but two flat tires.  They didn't even take the freaking nail out of the tire I initially went to get fixed!!!I call them up saying I bought a tire an hour ago and it's flat, I then ask how they're going to fix this.  I'm told he'll see if he can send someone to come help me (I had no spare tire), I was told "My manager says no".  By now I'm pretty furious and decide that I want anybody but them to fix my tire.  I ask them "Are you at least going to replace the tire?" and the question I get back is "Did you buy the tire protection warranty?".  WHAT?!!  I bought the tire 1 hour ago!  They took 2.5 hours to change 1 bloody tire!  And that tire is now flat!!  While I did buy the tire protection plan, to be asked that considering their glaring failure was absolutely infuriating. I then said "Forget it, I'm contesting the charges and returning the tire".  I went to a different tire place to get my tires fixed (after a tow).  They did a great job.  They bagged the tire I bought from Tire Works so I could return it.  In addition to that they marked the tire indicating where the morons at Tire Works managed to puncture the brand new tire.  That's right, they took 2.5 hours to install and puncture a brand  new tire, failed to remove the nail and never completed what was supposed to be done "in under an hour".The new tire place I went to in order to fix Tire Work's incompetence was also less expensive.
1	DO NOT GO HERE for your auto needs. I've been there twice, mainly because of the proximity to my home. I went there a few days ago for a routine oil change. I mentioned that my brakes squeak when I go in reverse. They said they would examine the car and came back with a $407 estimate (after some coupon that was only good for that day). They claimed that my front rotors were hotspotted and needed replacing (which means that the pads needed to be replaced as well) and that the back rotors needed to be surface cut. Both front and back brake pads were 6mm (at 40%). I called my husband and he wanted a second opinion.So a few days later, I went to the Professional Brake Service on Silverado Blvd. I've been there before (after reading the positive reviews on Yelp) when my service light came on (which turned out to be a light notifying you of the next oil change. They turned off the light for free. Jeff, the proprietor, is very friendly and it's a family run business. I told him what Tire Works had reported in their estimate. Jeff had his technicians look at the car and had me look at the rotors. They were perfectly fine on both the front and rear tires. He pointed out that the front brake pads were at 85% and the back ones were at 60%. He said all I needed was to have the rotors sprayed with lubricant and he didn't charge me a cent. I tipped his men $20 just because they were so honest. Jeff asked me why I went to Tire Works. I told him that the first time I went I had blown a tire and took a chunk out of the other tire (after hitting an island during a miscalculated U-turn). I said it cost $325 to replace both tires and rotate them. He said that the figure seemed a bit high unless they did an alignment as well. Tire Works did not do an alignment because my car pulls to the right. When I got my car back from Tire Works, my husband complained about the alignment which I neglected to get. Jeff gave me a reasonable, honest referral to do an alignment because he said if I didn't, my tires would get ruined.  Jeff also mentioned that Tire Works pays their employees through commissions, hence all the up-sales and unnecessary repairs.So, please do your homework when looking for a tire place or any auto maintenance. Do not get ripped off at Tire Works! If you need brake service, Please go to the Professional Brake Service on 544 E. Silverado RH, suite 104. 702-897-1988.
1	Buyer Beware!! Taking your vehicle here could cost you your life! I took my vehicle here for an oil change, they told me I needed 4 new brake pads, a power steering belt and a serpentine belt and they simply forgot to reassemble by braking system, no washer fluid, not even adequate air in my tires and now the steering is making a terrible noise! I would doubt they even changed my oil properly at this point. Caused a lot of damage to my vehicle since we were headed down the interstate at 80 mph when the front brake caliper came loose and wedged itself into my wheel well!! They repaired the damage to my vehicle but will never repair my ability to trust an automotive shop to do repairs properly. They still demanded full price for the services I didn't receive for over $600...corporate office is no help either, I spoke with Carmen and she refused to even speak to me further stating there are worse things that happen to people than this. Trust these reviews and go elsewhere! It is just not worth it.
1	Fuck this place!!  Mother fucker said he can do an oil change on my car now if I use their oil but if they were to use my oil it would take a few hours. What kind of bullshit is that
1	Been going there for about two years and had been happy until now. They changed their whole team and now they try to pull the old sales men tricks. Took my Mercedes for and a tire rotation on 9/3/11. I specifically told the guy that I wanted my left rear tire place anywhere the right due to the ding on it. I then left home and came back three hours later after not receiving a call letting me know it was ready, I paid and inspected my car. The lock I left them for the rims was untouched and the tire I asked to be placed on the other side was still in the same spot. They did not rotate my tires at all, but did put onto the paperwork as if it was done. I was taken all 6 of my vehicles. Time to search for a new place that's honest.
1	tried to sell services I didn't need!  Only place in the area to take your car too and they know it, so they stick it you on the prices!  Buyer beware!
1	DO NOT GO HERE.   I was having my front brakes replaced, when I picked up my car someone had gone through my compartments, they left some of them wide open when I picked it up.   2 days later my air-con stopped working, I took it to another Independent shop and they informed me the wires were CUT, yes cut everything was fine prior to dropping it off, wires do not automatically become cut, not frayed, not worn, not corrosive, nothing.  But cut.  They have punks working there, if you want to save your time and frustration go somewhere else.  This place is a typical corporate auto repair shop that hire punks that cant get a job somewhere else.  0 STARS if I could.
1	Brought in A tire to get replace; not even to have them put the tire back on the car in at 1:43 right now it's 4:12pm! And they are just now getting us a new tire! Just so we can put the tire back on ourselves! For ONE tire! Come on man... I would give it no starts but yelp won't let me. Maybe we would've been better off taking our ONE tire to discount tires for faster service!
5	These guys are GREAT, last minute one day my tire blew out on the freeway. Immediately i called the Big O where i purchased it and they explained they could do nothing for me until tommorrow. So i called up tire works on cactus, i came in immediately and shortly after they had a new set of front tires for my truck installed and balanced.  Chris the manager was a great help especially considering it was fairly late in the day.
1	Five trips to balance tires! Still got it wrong. Took it to Ted Weins my front tires were both off over an ounce! My car was shaking and steering wheel shimmy. Now car runs smooth.Tire works did the alignment too unfortunately. Gave it back to me with the steering wheel at 5 oclock! Took it back redid alignment all the numbers were off. Each visit they got my car filthy too. Grease on door and seat. Never go here! My tire warranty is through them and I wont return!
2	Service is inconsistent at this location, I've been using them on/off for 7 years but today's was the last straw, they treated my wife with disrespect and condescending so my2cents is to find another shop.
1	I HATE THIS PLACE. With a passion!When I first moved to Vegas, this was the only place I went to as it's the only one in my neighborhood of Southern Highlands; and lets face it --- you can't be lazy when it comes to good mechanics!Although I stopped coming here a couple years ago, my car began leaking something at the Wells Fargo across the street...I immediately called my regular mechanics but, they couldn't see my car til the afternoon...needless to say, I had no choice in bringing it here as I worked at 3pm that day.BOY WAS THAT THE DUMBEST IDEA. EVER. I brought it over and they gave me the whole routine of "14 point inspection, it might be the radiator, blah, blah" business... I was like, "whatever it takes cuz it's obviously leaking something!"  They told me to be back in 2 hours! This is 9:30am, mind you...About an hour later, they tell me my coolant hose broke and that would take an hour to fix....At noon, I called them to make sure my car was done and they said: "yes, we're just checking on the thermostat to make sure it doesn't overheat but, it looks like it's ok...head on over!"I had my family drop me off at 12:30 and twenty minutes later, they tell me they need a new thermostat and that that would be an hour to fix (as they need to have the parts delivered)... At that point, I was livid. LIVID. I had received sad personal news prior to going to Tire Works and this was just the frosting on the cake. I proceeded to yell at them about "what else were they gonna come up with.." I asked them if I could still drive it and just bring it to my regular mechanic and they said it would overheat. I, obviously, had no choice in the matter...and they had to finish the job.I was so frustrated that I even began tearing up. It was a mess.***I have to note that I'm not one to yell nor cry in public but, this was just so frustrating! The guy that helped me felt so bad, he couldn't look me in the face and bought me bottled water...that was really nice of him...but, I was kinda of embarassed***In the end, they only charged me for my coolant, inspections, and thermostat for $400. They waived the labor fees for the latter services.In the end, I wound up leaving at 3:30pm after bringing it in at 9:30am...I was late for work and super frazzled.I shouldn't have been lazy and just drove it over to my regular mechanics - T&M - and they would've done a probably better job in half the time!Needless to say, I'm bringing it to T&M to make sure Tire Works did the job that I paid them to do.
1	There scammers they just want you to spend your money on minor things but they don't really repair your problem. It may seem like they fixed it but really there scamming you. But they know that you'll come back in a few months to spend more money for the real problem. I'd experienced them trying to rip me off, they told me i had to change my distributor but when I got it check by another mechanic they said my distributor was fine and actually found the real problem.  So my opinion go to a better place before they rip you off and take your $$$
1	This place is a huge ripoff! They charge you an arm and a leg for the simplest things and forget about a big repair that'll cost you your first born and then some. For the prices offered I would at least expect exemplary customer service but that was  mediocre at best. If your looking to get anything done to your car I would highly recommend you look elsewhere.
5	I'm really shocked at all of the negative reviews bc these guys have never been anything but amazing for the 5 years I've been going there. I go to Tire Works for everything car related and they always take care of me and go above and beyond what is expected of them. One of my hub caps popped off the other day so naturally I went to Tire Works. While they don't sell hub caps there, they recommended a few places I could purchase new ones and even put them on for me when the other place wouldn't. Great customer service and I am loyal customer!
1	I have 2 bad experiences here the same situation. In April I took my car there for an oil change there and had a leak when I left. Took it back and wasn't fixed. Took it to Silverado location and finally it was fixed. 2 weeks ago took it for free oil change for buying tires and had problems using free oil change and they gave me more. They looked at my car and said I had hardly any oil left and I needed head gaskets replaced for $2501 and couldn't do oil change. My car was leaking again and never did before. They said I had hardly any oil left went to jiffy lube and they did oil change and was still leaking. Went to jiffy lube today and they had me go under bay and show me oil was leaking from oil plug that was put in with no backing and wrong size presumably by these folks and they put correct oil plug in. I have had problems at tireworks 3 years ago at Pecos store and district manager corrected it at Silverado store. I have spent $10000 on maintenance and tires at this chain the last 4 years. Last may my girlfriend was going on a trip and they told her the tires were bad at Silverado store and were not and I called manager and ok the manager to bill it to my account. He said all he had were a set of tires for $1800.i called and complained and they said they would switch them out for cheaper tires and when I went down there and he took $400 off bill. I'm tired of this ripoff place! !!
1	I used to get service done here on all 4 of my vehicles.  But since their turnover rate of employees is so high and they keep putting more arrogant front desk or managers there the service has become awefull.  Right now there is a new guy in there again (mgr) and hes is trying to make that dollar off of everything very hard.  He needs his sales obviously!   Now, there is one amazing Mechanic.  GARY!  HE IS THE BEST!  Not sure if he works there anymore.   This place has gone down hill.  Other than checking ur tire pressure this service center is as bad as PUUUUUFECT AUTO.   STAY AWAY!
1	Went in to get a new tire. Short man (Daniel maybe) came up. Yelled "I'll be with you in a minute". He picked up the phone put it down said "what'd ya need?"  I told him I needed a new tire. He said "keys?"  Took my keys and said I'll be with you in an hour. No discussion over what tire I wanted to purchase, nothing. I promptly got my keys back and left. What a joke! I won't be doing business there. Next!
1	Really bad service ! Stick with Discount Tire!  They can't ever seem to get you in and out quickly, even when there not busy.
5	Got a flat tire on the road home from Vegas to CA. Tow truck took us here. We brought in a 2007 BMW 328i with one flat and we had to replace all four tires bc they were specialty. One hour and $450 later we walked out with four brand new tires and most importantly we were stress free. The location is nice, well kept, with tv and vending machine and is also under new management. We were taken care of by Mark. He's been with the company for six years so he knows his stuff. There's also lots of spots near by to grab some food and spend time waiting including grocery stores and a few restaurants. If we're ever in need again out in Vegas we'll be sure to visit Mark at Tire Works. The service was fast and a great deal we paid $450 for four new tires when we had been quoted at other places upward of $1000. We were happy and satisfied with everything. Thanks again Tire Works.
5	This store isn't as close to me but I followed Mark, the manager,  when he moved over here because he always takes care of my car as if it were his own! He remembers me when I call and makes sure that I am in and out in a timely fashion. His guys are super and do a great job. I highly recommend Tire Works!
5	I got my car aligned a few months ago and they were very nice. I moved to California since then and I realized that my car was still turning to the left so I took it when I was here in Vegas a month later and they were very accommodating. Vince was very helpful and explained to me that my alignment was off by a little bit, but that my power steering was off. He explained to me that he didn't have the tool to fix it, but that he would call around. His co-worker next to him told me to bring my car in the next day and he would take it to another shop to get it fixed. I took my car in and they fixed in for me, they even rotated my tires for me to  help the alignment. I highly recommend this place and was very pleased with how I was treated.
5	Mark and the crew at Tire works in Southern Highlands are the best!  Every time I have been in there has been pleasant.  They are honest, friendly and professional.  The extra time they take to make sure every detail is perfect is the icing on the cake!Thank you,K.N.L
5	Had a horrible morning with a separated tire. No spare of course and it's Sunday so my normal spot discount tire isn't even open. Took it here to find both front tires were seperating badly and needed to be replaced. Not only did they have my tires brought to the store as they did not have them in Stock but they had them there in less than an hour. And gave me a huge break on price so for this reason. I will never be at discount again. Mark is the man if you need help with a tire specially on sunday. :)
