5	My boyfriend and I needed a hotel room for the night as we were coming to Kitchener from Toronto to attend a party.  We purchased a room at a 3-star hotel on Hotwire and it turned out to be at the Radisson.  Our room was very clean and nice but when I went to use the bath tub, the stopper (which was built in to the tub) would not close the drain.  I called the front desk to complain and at first they said that there was nothing that they could do since it was just the front desk staff working overnight and they didn't know how to do repairs on the bathtub drain.  I told them that that wasn't really okay with me since this was a special occasion for my partner and I.  They put me on hold for a brief minute and came back to tell me that they could switch our room for us and that they would even deliver our keys to us and escort us to the new room.A few minutes later, the attendant was at our door with new room keys and a voucher for 2 free room service delivered breakfasts! We were very pleased with that but even more pleased to discover our new room was a total upgrade!  We were put in to a suite with a nice bedroom with a flat-screen TV on the wall, a big bathroom (in which the drain worked!), a living room area and tons of other lovely extra features!  The breakfast was delicious, the staff were friendly and courteous and although the style of the rooms was slightly out-dated, (very 70s looking) we were very impressed by the level of cleanliness of the rooms, hallways, and front reception area.  Unfortunately, we didn't get a chance to check out the pool area.Be careful, you WILL be charged for local calls which surprised me but it wasn't really a big deal at all.Overall, this was an excellent stay and I would recommend the Radisson to anyone visiting Kitchener or Waterloo.  I really got the sense that the people that work here care about their customers and they truly did everything they could to make our stay a comfortable and welcome one.  I will certainly be returning should the opportunity arise again.  :)
4	On a business trip to one of our suppliers,  the hotel hit all the right notes - clean room, free Internet, and added in a free breakfast.  The only downside was there is very little interesting things in the area to walk to. Over all a good stay and a place I would stay in again.
