2	This is not a bad location/shop and guys were nice enough but $20.00 for a haircut before tip is more expensive than any other barber I have been to in the valley.  I get my hair cut every two weeks and have been to probably a dozen other shops.  The going price is 14 to 17 dollars for the same service all over town.  So, this is a one and done for me.  If you want to spend more money for a true salon experience go to American Male or Elliott & Co.
4	$20 is a fair price when you are talking about guys that went to legit barbering school, rather than fucking Euphoria or something.  These guys know what they are doing, and do it for a fair price.  They even stayed open for me late when I showed up 5 minutes to close.
5	It is definitely hard to find a new barber, who won't screw up. John Mario's is the only place I go anymore. The barbers are excellent and can definitely prove their skills. Make an appointment with John and be satisfied with your haircut; $20.I come here bi-weekly.
5	I've been to many of Henderson's barbers and I've always been disappointed with my haircuts.  It really comes down to attention to detail...  My past stylists will do a good job on the right side of my head but neglect the left side or I'll find areas on my scalp with uneven lengths.  More times than not I've found myself cutting my own hair at home after an incomplete cut.Barber Bill is different.  Bill took his time with my cut and cross-checked at every chance he could get!  He used his comb to measure the exact length I wanted cut from the top.  I was impressed.  He even styled my hair such that I didn't have to rinse it out when I got home!  My haircut is perfect!I finally found my Henderson barber.  Thank you, Bill!
5	John Mario knows what he's doing. This is a classic barber shop with high quality work. John was able to fit me in the day after I called and gave me an excellent haircut. For twenty dollars it's a great deal for a darn good haircut. As long as I live in Henderson I'll be going to John Mario.
5	I went in to John Mario's a bit skeptical - you never know what you're going to get with any given hair salon. This was the first time I'd had my hair cut in Vegas, so I went completely off of online reviews (like this one). I requested a fairly challenging hair cut from my barber, Bill. I pulled up a photo of the style I liked on my phone and showed it to him. After studying it and talking it through with me, Bill went straight to work. Watching him work with the clippers was absolutely mesmerizing - you can tell the guy is a pro. I watched in awe as he shaped my raggedy mop into a style nearly identical to the photo I had showed him just 20 minutes earlier. The end result FAR exceeded my expectations! Needless to say, I highly recommend John Mario's - especially Bill. He's as talented with a pair of scissors and clippers as I've seen, and he can absolutely create the exact look you want.
1	Went in for a haircut. Nice place. Multiple barber chairs. 1 barber. He seemed irritate that I showed up at 2pm on a Monday. Told me I MUST have an appointment to be seen, which wouldn't be for several hours.  I won't be visiting that place again.
