3	Definition of Meh.The place is brand spanking new, but the fact that it's the carcass of a former Village Inn, as opposed to a new build, is obvious.There was a lot of unfinished look around -- not that they weren't done with it, just crappy quality of workmanship.Look at the new light fixture on the newly painted wall, and see how the paint is smeared all up on the fixture.Everything sure looked pretty dirty, for only having been open a couple of days....made me think it may have been left over construction filth.There are sarcastic posters saying they'll eat bisbehaving children, and other such nonsense, framed in RAW sheet metal frames, complete with child-safe sharp corners within little hands reach, for your bloody dining pleasure.Burger and fries, a diner staple, shouldn't be too hard.  Supposedly fresh, never frozen, burger but who could tell?  It was bland and in a stange paradox, looked barely cooked to medium rare in the center, and yet was dry and crumbly upon eating.Fries were ok, and they gave a very generous portion of all the standard burger veggie toppings.Service was pleasant and friendly in a normal, expected way, but nothing stand-out.  One of the supposedly witty signs said something about "Sassy Servers" but I saw nothing of the sort.  (Probably a good bet, since I don't think the NoPho'er Denny's/Village Inn crowd would enjoy attitude ala "Dick's" in Vegas)I would say I'd be back anyway, and very soon, to enjoy their Daily breakfast special -- 1.99 through April 15, then graduating to 2.49 and 2.99 after that -- except that they won't allow substitutions, and I don't eat eggs.Whenever the dreaded "No Substitutions" appears on a menu, or is mentioned at all, I always think of the Peanuts cartoon special where Charlie Brown goes to that Chateau in France, and they keep wandering around finding that everyplace has a sign that says "No Dogs Allowed" (and there was a cheesy song to go with it, too)I am a 70's TV baby.  (which made me laugh at the children's menu items named The Cunningham, The Ralph Malph, and the Pinky Tuscadero)
2	Agree with the previous reviewer...meh.  We tried Fast Eddie's for breakfast with a family member who was in town.  Service was ok.  Food was okay, but the pancakes definitely seemed like they were from a mix.  I also think I had some sickness later due to the food, so that is definitely a mark against them.  At least it was a decent value.  All things considered, with all the other breakfast options in the area that I do like, I doubt that I'll be back.
2	I went with 3 other friends for breakfast today. This place sure doesn't look much like a diner to me. I was expecting to see a 50's diner decor inside and instead it was a remodeled Village inn. The food was OK - just OK. I don't know what they cook their eggs and hash browns in, but it made them taste weird. Must be the type of grease they use on their grill. The service was all right but I don't think I'll be back. There's many other places to go for a good breakfast in the West Valley to waste a meal on this place.
3	Not bad, not great. Cheap breakfast special 2.99, similar to village inn quality food.
4	I am not an interior decorator so I'm going skip the shortcomings of the restaurants design, feng shui, I need a place to have Ikea furniture for me to enjoy a meal there, and talk about the omelette.  Mel's Omelette is delicious.  It must have an entire block of cheese in it, plus you get hash browns (Those are covered in cheese), and it's filled with breakfast meats.  The amount of cheese is just unreal.  I love cheese!  So in turn I love Mel's Omelette.  Oh yeah, and you get toast.
4	One of the best breakfast I have had in a long time.Meat scramble...get it and eat it!The service was good, she told some stories and laughed with us. The B&G is a freaking monster plate, be warned. Daily specials are priced right too! Skip the fancy places and come here!
4	I love this place.  Right around the corner from my house, the breakfast is CHEAP, cheaper and cheapest- HOWEVER- the food is actually good here. Beats Denny's (barf) and Waffle House (double yak) hands down every time on quality, cleanliness and price.  Also- you have to go in for no other reason than to see if you can watch the clock without developing a "Butterfly Effect" eye twitch or brain spasm. If you don't know what I am talking about- you just have to go in and see!
4	This is my second visit here and i am happy to say it was way better than after they just opened.  2 egg breakfast with bacon and hash browns were perfect.  Service was excellent and had some sympathy for those of us who were nursing hangovers.
4	Great breakfast. I usually order the Omelette with everything in it. The toast is massive. Makes Denny's toast look small.Good service and great price. Both Denny's and Ihop are much more expensive. However, some of the reviewers here pointed out that the pancakes may be made from pancake mix.  It is true, the pancakes do taste dry. I would go to this restaurant again. more bang for the buck.
3	this place has good food but just don't go if you are in a rush....each time I have gone the food was real good but you have to stay on them to keep your coffee full and try to maintain your patience.  I still go back because of their pricing and the specials, their food is tasty.
5	I don't think I could have asked for a nicer experience!  I had the classic 2 eggs, hashbrowns, sour dough toast and 2 strips of bacon.  Everything down to the toast was made perfectly.  I asked for over medium eggs and that's what I got!  Not "runny" at all!  Perfectly cooked bacon, not too crispy and not limp!  Service was amazing!  We have been "threatening" to come in ever since you opened and now I'm wondering what took us so long! Thanks so much!  You guys do a great job!
3	I've come here a few times now. It's a cheap breakfast. It's one of those meals that you just eat and don't talk about later because there's nothing to say. Pancakes aren't to die for-they are just there. I liked the Cactus Wrap that was only about 3 dollars. Pretty good for a college girl budget. There's never much of a wait, which can be great on weekend mornings!
1	Meh, This reminds me of the place my Granddad had breakfast at with his friends back in Nebraska. It's not very good. However the people there don't go there for the food. They go there to meet their friends, and they go there because they don't know any better. Bland food, so so service,Don is a GROUCH and the place is only half clean. This is the perfect place to go if you are 60+ and just want to talk to people your age. I won't be back and that won't affect or effect the bottom line of this place Don is happy with the retiree crowd and they are happy with the same no frills no surprise bland food they've had for 40 years!!!
4	We go to Fast Eddie's occasionally for breakfast.  They have the best biscuits ever!  They're huge and SO good.  The food is always cooked to order (I always ask for my bacon crispy and it's always perfect), the portions are huge, and the service is prompt.  It's your typical average breakfast joint.  The only thing they really need to do better is their hashbrowns.  They are always undercooked every time I have them.  If I ordered nothing but bacon and biscuits every time this place would be 5 stars all the way around.
1	Took over 40 minutes to get my omelet and another 8 minutes to get the wheat toast it came with.. Hmmmmmm
2	Are meal took along time and when it finally came they got are order wrong and acted like it was are fault. And the cheeses burgers we ordered were bland and nothing special. I dont think I would have a reason to go back.
4	Good food, nice waitress, and CHEAP - meal would cost twice as much in California. Next time we're in Phoenix we'll be here.
3	Cute place. We got in before the breakfast rush so we didn't have to wait. The waitress was friendly. Food was decent. My only issue was that I had an omelet and they put the cheese on top instead of inside and that is my problem but I prefer it inside. But that doesn't affect the review. Will go back to try the other stuff for lunch and dinner.
3	Good diner food, too bad they don't carry real sweet and low. Also their old thick sliced white bread has been removed. It was better before they made these cost saving changes.
2	Portions were small. Plus, they have a picture of pancakes with pecans and bananas. Looked delicious. Alternating layers of pancakes, nuts and fruit. Yummy. I ordered it and it looked like 3 plain pancakes. I asked where the toppings were and the server said inside the pancakes. They charge you an extra $1 per topping and I could barely taste them. Only in the very middle of the pancake. Quite a disappointment and nothing like the picture. We had a $20 groupon- food for 2 of us came to $15. I asked if they could throw on a dessert to make up the difference and I was told they don't have desserts. My son suggested bacon. Ok, can you throw in $5 worth of bacon? She says I can throw in $4. Fine whatever. She brings me the bacon in a to-go container (since all our dishes were cleared already). No problem, he just ate it out of the container. Imagine our surprise when we got the bill and even though we only bought $19 worth of food for a $20 groupon- we were also charged a "to-go fee". Honestly. for $20 you get twice the food at IHOP or Denny's. I didn't even have a side with my pancakes.
1	Been a customer here since they opened this location. Not a great place but its super close to our house so its an easy place to go for us. Just went this Friday for the ALL YOU CAN EAT fish. Only put in one refill order as it took about 20mins to get the refill. When it finally came my child was ready to go and as most parents know, when the child is ready then your meal is done. So the refill order came with 4 pieces of fish and we were able to eat 2 of the 4 but then had to go. When I asked for the check the waitress added 99 cents and when I asked why she said cause I didnt eat the entire refill I ordered. REALLY???? Since we had been such long time customers we got to know many of the waitresses and we were told how horrible the owner was to work for and how bad he treated them. And now the waitress told us this was his decision to charge if you didnt eat all your food. I hope that 99 cents was worth it because my family will NEVER come back to this place so that 99 cents will cost you at least 4 meals a month at $30 or more each time.BAD BUSINESS!!!!
4	we really like coming here on the weekends for breakfast, however it's like the Soup Nazi... NO SUBSITUTIONS!   You can't swap potatoes for grits without paying extra nor can you substitute potatoes for bacon.
3	A bit slow.  Food ok, hash browns were a bit greasy, but was able to make the over medium eggs.  Hard to get coffee refill, once the waitress serves you, she is gone.
2	This is really , really hard as we like to patronize non-corporate non-chain business's but this place was horrible . I am not talking about the 40 min. we had to wait for our food ,Hey it was new years day and a bit busy ...no problem  No I am speaking about the food . We ordered 2 burgers and what we got was small portions that were cold , dry & tasteless even the coffee was cold Our server was OK ...we never really saw him It is hard to put it into words ....The place just didn't feel right
