1	Scottsdale-based Bridal Couture is the worst company I've ever done business with! I would never buy anything from them again!!! Totally incompetent and irresponsible with one of the most important purchases I've made.  Once I put down 50% cash on my dress (wonder why they only do cash?), I couldn't get my phone calls returned, couldn't get the make, season or website of my dress for four months (to accessorize), Jerry gave me the wrong name and style number.Once I finally did get the make/website of my dress (Moncherie), the site boasted that the dress was highlighted in a bridal magazine as one of the best dresses under $750 (obviously includes the vendors markup in that price).  John retailed the dress at $1200 and sold it to me for $960 with their "20% off holiday sale!!!  So I was duped on the price as well.  Last, and most importantly, the dress was late from when they promised it; with 10 days until my wedding and expecting alterations (also very overpriced), I called again to ask when it would be in and John said, "It's shipped. It will be here any day now. We'll call you the minute it gets in."  When I finally had to send my parents in, who were visiting Scottsdale that week, he said, "Oh, it's been here a few days. Didn't anyone call her?"  One week away from my wedding when they promised it would be in sooner and I needed the time to get it altered and it arrive a size too small! Terrible!  I would not suggest anyone get their dress here unless they're ready for extreme incompetence and overpricing!
1	Tanya W, I wished so bad that I had read your review before I, myself became involved with these clowns.  They completely ruined what's supposed to be one of the most fondest memories of your life.     My experience with them: I found a dress that I liked, not loved. When I found it I was all alone, so I had the opinions of the BC staff coercing me into thinking this is the best dress and the best deal I will ever find. I felt very torn about the dress, but time is running out before my wedding date, and I felt I needed to come to a decision sooner than later. So I wrote them a check for 1600. (a steal according to them) and left, no sooner than I had started my car to go home, I was having second thoughts, and by the time my 15 minute car ride was over and I was opening my front door that I thought "Oh my god I don't want that dress!" So I called and told them of my second thoughts and told them I was coming back. 15 minutes later, I was back in their store, arguing with John, the President of the store. He told me that I was just having bridal nervousness and that this was normal. He also said that I probably left his store to go to another store and found another dress there and that he didn't believe me. He also said he had already gone to the bank in the last 15 minutes so there is nothing he could do. After this drawn out argument I told him that after he was so unwilling to help his customer, having been called a liar, and that I "liked the dress, you're just nervous" I told him that he was making me incredibly uncomfortable and that I didn't want to do business with people who operated like this. I told him I was going to cancel my check and that there was nothing I could do about that. *zing. Long story short, Jerry called me that night and told me that i was under contract with them and that I had to get a dress with them, whether it was that one or another one. I said when I come back I don't ever want to see John again and that she really needs to re-evaluate the way they treat their customers. Needless to say when I went to pick up my dress yesterday,everything was in boxes and disarray.  I found out they are "moving." (read as going out of business i bet, considering they have no place to move to yet.) That's what happens when you run a petty, money pinching, unprofessional business that they did, and I don't feel bad at all. I got my dress and I am washing my hands of these fools forever.
1	After reading the reviews of this place it reminded me that this was one of the first places I went looking for a dress over a year ago for my wedding. I had found a dress in a bridal magazine that was exactly what I wanted. I did some research and found that this was one of the only stores in town that could order this dress.I went into the store and was greeted by a really pushy sales lady. I told her what dress I wanted and they found it in the catalog and said they could order it. She then said how they needed half of the money that day to hold the dress. I said "I don't have that kind of money right now, so that is not possible."She then said "this is the dress you want, right?""yes" I said, "but I don't have $600 to put down today."The lady kept pushing to put money down. I told her that I could come in later in the week to put money down and she seemed very disappointed that I wouldn't give them money that day. She said she would call me the following week to check up.Come the following day, not week, the lady calls me asking when that day I was coming in. I said "I'm not coming in today, I told you next week."After all the pushiness and the fact the dress cost way  more than I could afford was the reason I did not want to deal with these people.The really don't seem to care about the customer, just the customers money. I would not recommend this place!
