1	I have used Driggs title on more than one occasion and it has never been by choice. I have now used them for the last time. Their fees are better than double the other Title companies I have used, and that was with their investor discount! Had a problem on one escrow where the buyer failed to perform and it took almost 6 months to get them to release the earnest funds. Of course who you use for title is always your choice, that said if you like to over pay and work with a company that can not commit to a decision feel free to use Driggs.
2	They handled our refinance paperwork, which changed the way we hold our home title from community property with right of survivorship to joint tenancy.  This can have very bad financial consequences down the road, although most people would never realize that on their own.  They were supposed to send us a new title, but never did, although I spoke with them and they promised.  I would use someone else.
1	Terrible service.  We were stuck with them on a home sale, and as we were living out of town, we had to do the signing remotely.  The notary they found cost $170, while I was able to find a mobile notary for $65.  Also, they sent a UPS label with afternoon delivery, rather than morning, which delayed the funding by an additional day.  They simply don't act like they care about their customers, so I'd never choose to use them again.
1	Our Sellers reluctantly agreed to let the Buyer's use Driggs Title for their closing and it was going alright until now, an hour before the Sellers are scheduled to sign and we still have not received an EST HUD to verify the numbers. I had asked for this on Wednesday (which I never would have had to ask another Title company for) and I still do not have it. Jerry the escrow officer said he sent it on Wednesday when it was requested so I asked him to forward me his email so I can see that it was sent and was my error. He then emailed me that he could not find it and it was he error that he had not sent it. We will never allow Driggs to handle another closing for us!
