1	I have been going to this cleaners for years. I will never step foot in there again. I dropped off a pair of "dry clean only" pants at a dry cleaners. Seems simple enough. I went to pick them up a day after they were due & I was told they weren't ready. I said I needed them for that night. Next thing I know, the female owner hands me a cell phone & tells me to speak to her husband.He tells me that the pants were defective. I need to seek reimbursement from the store where I purchased. He would not offer me any reimbursement for the pants, which are quite expensive. I ask for the pants back. They were two tones, black & white. The white is now black. It appears that they were laundered, rather than dry cleaned.Had the owner offered to pay for the pants, I could move on. Shifting the blame to the manufacturer & expecting the 3rd party department store to refund me is ridiculous.I will never return to new select cleaners & advise you to stay away.
5	I'm guessing this place is under new management, I've been going to this place for quite some time and now they are the nearest dry cleaners around my neighborhood. The new owners are always happy to see me and always hook me up with specials and discounts they are fast and reliable. They know I'm lazy and I don't to my own laundry so when I show up with a big bag of fluff and fold they make jokes that make me laugh and and take good care of me all the time. The best part is that they are cheep for being in the Scottsdale region!
5	I absolutely love this place. Great prices, Great management, and great quality services. I always take my Hugo Boss suits and shirts and they never disappoint me. I have dry cleaned in many places in arizona and they all do the job pretty well but it all comes down to customer service. I highly recommend you give this place a try because customer service is a priority at this dry cleaner.
5	I have to agree with the previous review.  I just moved from CA and do not know any local cleaners.  This place is close to our rental and I have been there a couple of times and they are just ever so nice. They mentioned they are new owners so I hope others give them a try.  They check my clothes in quickly and with my phone # give me a receipt and away I go.  They also can do 24 hours turn around service!  That is a plus! If you want great cleaning and wonderful friendly service, stop by and say hi to the family owned business.  Emad and Lubna will treat you like family ~
5	I am very picky on who I use for dry cleaning since I have had a number of bad experiences. Sick of having my stuff lost at other off site drop stores ( you know who you are, Delia's!!) , I wanted a place that does their work on-site.First, the owners are incredibly friendly, they always go above and beyond. The location is convenient for me as it is on my drive home from work (and so is the drive through)and clothes are always as expected. After using them through the last month, I have had nothing but positive experiences including a big one that got me to write this. Came in to pick up my stuff like usual and there was a $20 bill and a USB stick that I had left in my suit jacket that was put in a little bag and given to me with my stuff. Who does that?? A honest owner who would rather make me happy then pocket an extra 20 that I would for sure never find out about. That is enough to make me a life long customer, knowing that honesty is more important to them than anything else.
5	Alteration specialist! I went All around town for them to fix my skirt, and they were all over priced! When I came to this small cleaners the lady was very nice and told me that she will take care of it at a very low cost and gave me a discount on dry cleaning the skirt as well! By far the friendliest cleaners near my house! I highly recommend it to anyone in this area!
