4	Food here is comparable to the rest of the Cora's chain. Quite good and with lots of fruit. The place is big and can get quite busy on the weekend, but service is always friendly and efficient.
2	I have been to this Cora's several times. This restaurant looks, feels, and has good service just like the Chez Cora's in Montreal, however, the food is not up to snuff. Meals have come out under-cooked and in one case, the entire table's order had to be returned. Also, I find it odd that coffee isn't included in certain meals, which can bump up the cost a couple dollars, but this is not the reason for the low rating.  I have had a good breakfast there but the inconsistencies are atypical of what is expected from this franchise. Note that there can also be long lineups to be seated due to the university kids so plan in advance of going.
4	Cora's is always pretty great, but I particularly enjoyed this Cora's. I ordered the Buckwheat Mozza & Asparagus Crepe (I am pretty sure) and it was delicious, hot, tasty and fast arriving. My com padres ordered a LOT of food too. I love that it looks exactly as it does from the menu and I am not shocked when the bill comes. Cora's is like fine dining breakfast and to be honest, that is pretty Unique. Strawberry Wafflle is mad crazy! The Tuna Melt Sandwich was massive and smelled amazing! Few Issues here, but please come fill my bottomless coffee... please. So I think the line for this restaurant is completely reasonable (we always have to wait in line, it is a good chance to chat) The quality of the food is well worth waiting for. At other Cora's there are not very many children *The menu is pretty adult* But at Cora's Waterloo there were SO MANY WILD KIDS, at the table next to us there were 5 kids... no parents... all which were crawling under the table, one was kneeling on the table, and they were pretty much being the worst, Oh yes and throwing seeds at each other... The parents AKA Adults were sitting at a booth two booths down... I think Cora's should make a rule that the kids have to sit with the parents. Otherwise there were some well behaved children in the restaurant I barely noticed. Cora's is great, for everyone as it turns out...
3	Popular brunch breakfast in town. I've had breakfast at Cora's several times in different locations. Food is decent, but nothing special, and I always feel kinda greasy afterwards. Maybe I'm just spoiled.Service is friendly. Usually there's a line up on weekends but it moves pretty fast.
2	This place is alright I guess...kinda ticked me off when they wouldn't substitute bacon for more fruit. How un-American (Canadian) is that? Also it's expensive for what you get. Also located in that excuse for a mall.
4	I went to Cora's last week for breakfast with my boyfriend. It wasn't busy at all, unlike the location I went to in London a few years ago. We were seated right away and we were asked if we wanted to sit inside or outside, and then in the sun or the shade, and when we picked the shade, they told us we could move tables if we got too cold.The food was good, but not amazing. We had the spinach omelette and the Western skillet. Both were really good. I was really surprised by the quality of the fresh fruit -- I hadn't expected it to be bad, but it was very nice and fresh. Even if it doesn't say you get fruit on the menu, you still get some.The service was amazing -- very friendly and fast! Probably the best service I've had at a restaurant in as long as I can remember.
5	The asparagus and swiss benedict is the best o have found! Their hollandaise is so yummy!  Very friendly staff and we love the atmosphere! We come here every weekend and we always bring our friends and family when they come to town.
