5	Dr Raissi is the best. He took care of my achilles tear and was fantastic. I also recommend Dr Miao for anything above the knee. Both are great Dr's and are very nice.
5	Dr. Watson's group took great care of me and was there throughout the whole process.  Great job.   Thank you.
4	My son had knee surgery here and I really love how caring and compassionate the nurses are here. They took great care of my son after he came out of his surgery and made sure we knew how to treat and take care of our son post-op. Also, the next day they called to check on my boy and ask if I had any concerns or questions. Professionals all the way.
2	I show up 15 minutes late and the clerk refuses for me to sign in. Really?!?! You can let me sit and wait for Hoya, but I must not be late. Poor customer service! When you check out it takes forever and there is nowhere to sit! Really...I have stitches in my foot but have nowhere to sit! Usually the clerk complains to every patient she was supposed to leave at 4:30, while blankly staring at her screen and not helping people. The surgical side is really nice, but different staff. I wish they sent out their customer satisfaction survey for the other office visits!
1	Had a 1:30 Appointment today (5/21/14) with Dr. Baldauf.  Received a call around 10 that the doctor was in surgery and we could either see his Physicians Assistant or reschedule.  We opted to see the PA.  Got to the office in plenty of time, and was shown into an exm room at 1:40.  The nurse or whoever the female was that showed us to the room, asked the usual questions and her last question was, "And you are okay to see the PA?"  We said yes and as she left she said she will be right in.  At 3:20, Dr. Baldauf came into the room. My mother, who is the patient let him have it for her waiting so long.  He was apologetic in his arrogant way stating well I am in scrubs!  He wasn't interested in listening to what I had to say.  So it was decided that my mother would get an injection, which is what we had the appointment for in the first place.  He said his PA would be in to do the injection.  10 minutes later she arrives and apologies again for the delays.  When I told her we had agreed to see the PA instead of the doctor, she said she was with the doctor in surgery.  Well maybe this story works for spouses or whoever you are lying too but soneone really did lie here.  I would not take another family member to this group of doctors if they were the only ones left in town! Medicare will also here about the kind of service this office offers.  My mother is 91 and it was very uncomfortable for her to sit on that table for that long.  Think it might border on ELDER ABUSE!
2	I had injured my knee. I was seen at an extremely nice urgent care and was sent to Dr. Baldauf. I called and reached a polite lady who helped me schedule an appointment. I arrived 20 mins early to the office. My appointment time was 3pm. I was roomed at 320. I was seen an hour later. Dr. Baldauf was extremely rude. Basically insulted the PA that saw me at urgent care and made disparaging remarks about urgent cares. I asked him if he would like to see my knee? He pushed and poked a couple places (through my sweat pants) and said I have tendonitis. I needed to quit limping. (I don't limp usually) Gave me some stretches to do, and a daily anti inflammatory. I ALREADY take a daily dose and it helps the problem it was prescribed for but nothing for the knee I can't bend without pain!  I go to leave and was charged $251!!! And that's only 75% of the visit. Really??? For what? I'm putting in a complaint to my insurance company and the medical board! NEVER again will I go to that useless piece of work that took an oath to help people. I DO NOT reccomend this group.
1	I have never been to a Doctors office where you don't get to see the doctor.  The doctors assistant gave me a prescription for a controlled substance with the doctors signature on it.  The next visit was when I learned that young man I saw the first time wasn't the doctor at all.  I asked the doctor why he gave me the prescription the first visit, and he said " I would have never prescribed that for you."  Is this legal?????
5	Dr. Bassewitz +++++   My wife and I both had Dr. Bassewitz for our lower back surgeries, a couple of years apart, and are both thrilled with the results. We are also very pleased with the bedside manor of Dr. Bassewitz, he takes his time with you, answers all your questions, explains everything in detail, walks you through what will be involved in the surgery, and all the time does it with a wealth of knowledge and throws in a sense of humor on top of everything else.  Highly, Highly recommended.  Jeff & Pam
