2	I'm a graduate student with no dental insurance, who had the unfortunate experience of having a (grain of rice sized) chunk of her tooth fall off.  The good news is that there was no pain; the bad involved my experience at First Choice Dental on South Park Street.  I am only giving a rating of two stars because the receptionists were extremely polite and kind.  I spoke to one of them on the phone for at least 5 minutes as we tried to arrange a time for me to come in.  After my interactions with them the politeness stopped and the bullying began.  The dental assistant was more interested in fixing her computer monitor that was crapping out than the patient. She crammed the X-Ray machine in my mouth and basically told me to tough it out while she fiddled with another computer for at least 2 minutes. (which is a really long time when some huge machine is chafing your effing mouth)  The dentist explained to me that I would need an expensive crown for about $1600.  He tried rationalizing it to me that it was "mere pennies a day" as this crown was going to last me 20 years. Additionally, the dentist (thinking that I was one of those uninsured eccentric millionaires) suggested that I get 4 of my other fillings replaced too as they were cracking.  Both of these people seemed to not hear me say at least 4 times, "I'm not insured."  I requested a temporary filling for the problem tooth no less than 3 times in which the dentist flat out refused.  At the end, I was ushered into a room where they discussed finances with me, and suggested that perhaps I ask my parents for help in order to get a crown or maybe I could take out a loan from a bank that they endorsed.  I hope it was that they just hate poor people, and they treat insured people better. (who probably have no choice but First Choice)
5	I am so confused by the first two reviews. My experiences here have always been first rate. The staff are friendly and accomodating. The dentists are warm, gentle and knowledgable. I have NEVER been in pain while there, and the end result has always been excellent. I believe I receive high quality dental care.
1	The staff here were very nice and friendly. Unfortunately they diagnosed me with 6 cavities - totalling about $1500 in treatment costs. They also suggested I go under gum replacement surgery. I went to have a second opinion to discover I did not have a single cavity. To add to that, I was told I do not need to pursue any sort of surgical procedure at this time.You cannot trust this organization.
1	When I moved to Madison I decided to try first choice dental for my dental care. I really liked the general dentist I saw there and was very pleased with the staff I encountered so much so that I recommend it to my friends and coworkers. However, during my second visit there for just a routine cleaning, my general dentist told me my gums looked a bit thin and he wanted to refer me to their Periodontist to have it assessed. When I went in to see him I was very displeased with his manners and the way he spoke to me. I am a 25 year old registered nurse and he spoke to me as if I was a 5 year old child. Then he proceeded to tell me that I need gum tissue transplants (3 separate sites) and frenectomy. He said it needed it to be done urgently and I could get scheduled for part of the procedure next week. I had never heard of these procedures and I was a little scared because he made it sound so urgent. I decided to go back to my home town dentist to get his opinion who did not think it was needed at least not right this moment. He referred me to another periodontist in the Madison Area. When I saw her she said that my tissue might be thinning a little and that the procedure first choice dental said I needed urgently might not actually be needed for a few years from now. I spoke with 2 more dentists from my home town who both agreed that I did not need any of the procedures I was told I needed and they were shocked at First Choice Dental saying I needed them at all and immediately.  They said it would have been an unnecessary procedure and that first choice is referred to "last choice dental" by the local dental associates.  I am never going back again.
5	I, like Wendy, have no idea why the rating is so low. I've always had great experiences here and the technology is excellent. They charge a little more but this is because their equipment is actually modern. My old dentist used those hard brushes, this place uses water pressure. My old dentist used silver fillings with mercury, these guys use white porcelain.Staff is always nice and welcoming and they even have coffee in the waiting room.  They have a parking lot and actually call you to get you in earlier if that is what you're trying to do.First choice is great and I'm sad to leave when I move!
5	I adore Dr. Fick and highly recommend him!  I have ALWAYS been treated very well here by everyone I've encountered!!!  I have had a lot of Dental work done and not always covered by insurance, but I trust Dr. Fick won't do procedures just for the money!!  I love this place (as much as you can "love" a dentist office)!!
