3	The restaurant is nice, service was efficient. They offer a reasonably priced child's menu, the rest of the food is expensive. Menu offers a large selection.If you go you must try the avocado rolls, really delicious. Their salads are huge and filling. Did not have a dessert, but hear good things.
4	You know those nights when you want to go out to eat but you are a big group and no one can decide what they want? GO TO ELIXOR! It's my favorite place to go to in Laval and they have the biggest freaking menu ever. You'll often find yourself struggling to decide what you want to eat but that's a great problem to have. I hate when you go somewhere and there is nothing to choose from. I'm a very picky eater so having a lot of variety is good for me.The avocado spring rolls are the best thing on the menu and if you haven't tried them yet you are missing out! What are you waiting for!? My usual go to meal is a Cobb Salad and its HUGE! Seriously, Elixor knows nothing about portion control but I don't mind. Yes, its $13.95 for a salad but guess what? I have it for dinner AND lunch the next day. I've had their pastas, burgers, ribs, etc and I've never been let down. The service is great, the location is awesome, and the food is top notch. I want to give a 4.5 rating but it won't let me. Sorry guys!
4	Normally not my kind of place. But they make everything you can dream of and it's usually pretty good. I'm not a fan of the decor. It feels like a high school gym with some embelishments. But the bathrooms were spotless and that's always important to me.
3	This is the first time I've been there for brunch and I was told that they had great breakfasts... but I was disappointed to be honest with you. They have a huge menu but a super tiny section for brunch. I ended up having egs with sausage so it's really hard to botch that plate. I would go back just to try another plate like that breakfast burrito but sounded odd on the menu but when on the plate, looked delicious!
4	There can sometimes be quite a lineup for the table but the food is pretty good.  The pad thai was only so so but I must say I am a fan of the Frank's BBQ sandwich.  Their fries are nicely seasoned.  The desserts are usually good if you have room as the portions here are on the big side.
4	One of my favourite restaurant in Laval. They have everything right here ! The menu is great, they serve all kind of food. Their lunch menu is great to! Expect somewhat of a line to get in on weekends and thursday night. The food quality is great, portions are big and breakfast are great to! Only downer is that it's a very LOUD place, we could hardly hear each other at a table of 4. Worth trying!
4	Good place, love their St-Louis Burger, deliciious! Prices are a bit too high. Good food and service.
3	We did a quick lunch here and it was super-busy.  I can tell you that all of the salads are HUGE - at least three people would be full from one of them.  The salmon salad was very good.  The Pad Thai was tasty but didn't really rock our world - there is better.Everything was fresh and the place is clean.  The noise level was high, but it did not slow down the efficient service.  On the other tables I did spy a few handsome burgers that were being devoured - just not my choice for a lunch food.They serve brunch, at least on the weekends, from what I gathered.
5	Excellent service, delicious food, right portions. Deserve 5 star
2	Used to like this place, but I'm changing my vote to "dislike." Disappointed in their red velvet, the cake was old, smelled and tasted like a dirty fridge. Also it was grainy possibly from not using cake flour or from crystallization of sugar in the frosting for a long time. But what's most upsetting was that they display 10-12 layer cakes but cut that tall cake in half to serve. (On our way out, we checked the dessert station with half cut carrot cake as well.) What a deceptive sales strategy! WHO DOES THAT?! That thin and short cake was $7.75 plus tax with whip cream. Save $ for better (go somewhere else serving the entire piece of tall cakes). NO for desserts. Now for food. Liked there shepherd's pie (they added fresh steamed veggie on the side). Elixor is American family restaurant style: huge portion, fatty, and pretty tasty with inexpensive ingredients. Don't order "crunchy" calamari for an appetizer, it's not crunchy at all but rather soggy in oil. Felt like drinking oil with hot calamari. But they have gluten free option including sauce, which is nice for everyone.
4	I just love this place! Great dishes! Great Atmosphere!
4	Great place for lunch or dinner.Breakfast or brunch only Saturdays and Sundays 11am-2pmReally liked selection on their menu
4	Went at 5pm on a Sunday. It was packed with kids!!! Food was good, plate size is huge, noise... Well, yeah, a lot of it... Do not go there if you're looking for French cuisine, it actually a fusion restaurant with Italian and American influences.
5	As someone said before, if you cannot agree on where to go, this is the place as they have so many choices. Our bill usually comes under $90 with tip for three mains, two adults and one toddler, two drinks, two coffees and one dessert.My favorite is the burrito. My husband digs their burger and my 3 year loves the pasta Alfredo. For drinks, try their Daiquiri. It is a bit too sweet for me but my husband likes the strawberry flavour. And all of us love their chocolate cake. We get only one to share between 3 of us.It is a very good place to eat with children. They have lot of high chairs and the restaurant is spacious, so people will not be bumping in the high chair all the time. They also have coloring paper and crayons for children. If you are not provided with one straight away, ask for it. Keeps children busy. Women's bathroom is nice and spacious with a diaper changing pad. If you are a large group, or you are hungry,  or with a kid(s), go there before 1730 for dinner. You can expect to wait 30, 45 minutes after 1800 to be seated.Overall a nice family restaurant.
5	I go to this restaurant quite often. Delicious food and they serve pretty much everything. It's not expensive and the service is very good.
5	Best restaurant ever! I love the food there~ I order some salad today. The serve is hug~ however I ate it up since it was so yum! I'm so glad to find this one.
3	This restaurant ambience is cool, the terrace is wonderful and they have a large variety of food. However the food is medicare, so its a nice place to go when people want to eat everything and price is average and quality is average, though its nice to hang out there.
4	Going out for dinner isn't always just about the food, it's also about the experience. My gf and I had a pleasant experience eating here. The food was great and the service was delightful! If you like salads then you really should try the salmon salad. The portion is very satisfying and the salad was just great! Trust me you won't be hungry after eating this salad. My gf had the tuna salad and she claims it was delicious and the tuna was perfectly prepared. For desert we ordered the Lindt chocolate cheese cake and it was good but I've had better which is why I'm giving 1 star less than perfect. The whipped cream was frozen and the cheese cake was missing flavor. All in all a good experience and we'll definitely be going back for that salad.
