2	I miss this place. But only when it was "Bub's." Loved those Bub's Balls and happy hour Euker games.Now it has turned into some gigantic, open, concrete floored oval that the drunk kids can circle aimlessly around until they are drunk enough to run into another kid who is drunk enough to sleep with them.Not that that is a bad thing for college. ;pI just miss my little Bub's. I'm mad that you turned it into a bigger, uglier version of KAM'S!
1	eeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
1	This place is only good for picking up dumb underage girls.  Not worth it.
1	this place is unbelievably shit. do not go there. there are way too many underage drinkers. it's crowded. and the staff never seems to remember who has wrist bands. i've been to more crowded bars, and they always remember who has a wrist band and who doesn't. these guys don't. they come up to you and ask if you've got a wristband, and they do it every 5 minutes. you'd think if they did it every 5 minutes they'd manage to get rid of the underage drinkers. but nope. they don't. all in all, it's a shit bar. don't go there.
5	My favorite college bar and I didn't even go to college there. Red Lion is where dreams come true.
3	Cover charge...why though?Airy, indoor and outdoor sections, with access to the bar from the outside as well, pretty neat. Small elevated "dance floor" in the back corner-not safe, because there's no railing. Multiple people, including myself and my friends were concerned about our well being and others. You don't put drunk people on a stage without some precautions, guys.Most surfaces were wet. Rude crowd. Pushing, knocking your stuff to the ground...no classy people here, just kids sitting on the backs of benches and dancing on tables. Didn't check out the bar so I can't say what booze they have available, but from the sip of a Long Island I had from a friend...no thanks.Not a bad place, but not really "good" either.
2	Always packed but i dont really like their music selection and the way the stage and dance area is set up. slippery  and dirty. always drunk people standing on tables and spilling beer. everything is sticky
3	I would like to give this bar 5 stars but between the ridiculous cover charge and crowded unsafe dancing environment 3 is the best I can give this place honestly. The drinks are appropriately strong and well priced, and the multiple outside areas make for a nice break from the action. The bartenders were faster than any other bar I've been to considering how crowded it was. The large wrap around bar means no lines. The music is current and the DJ was good at mixing the night I was there. the elevated dance floor however, has no railings; I saw a couple of people almost bite the dust, be really careful when you go up there especially while intoxicatedLower the 5 dollar cover, get better airflow, and rail the dance floor and this place is easily a 5!
1	I think I'm going to review all the bars I go to at U of I, in addition to restaurants. Maybe the bar owners will actually read some of this stuff? Maybe flying pigs will abduct Alma the night before finals? Who knows?I've been to Red Lion probably 4 times and tried to convince myself to like it, but I can't. The line to get in is usually really long, there is always a cover charge of at least $5 and it is always a loud, high-energy, dirty/sticky haven for UIUC's 'finest' undergrads.The layout of the place is actually pretty cool, its really big if you count the outside areas. However, the place is pretty nasty. The floor is sticky, there's empty glasses/bottles everywhere, and the bathroom reminds me of when I used to go river fishing.Everyone seems to dance on the elevated dance floor and tables, but I've almost wrecked myself a couple times and I wasn't even that intoxicated, so there is a potential safety hazard there. Additionally, I've seen a guy literally fall backwards off a bar stool, a couple really close to having public sex, and not to mention countless airborne beverages that have partially landed on or close to me. Yup, it's that kind of place.The bar service here seems to be a little quicker than most of the other bars, but still doesn't appear to be really that great, in my opinion. Half the time the bartender can't even hear me, and I always seem to keep getting pushed back in the queue of people to be served, which is aggravating. Even when you do get served, it appears everything is really expensive. $3.50 for a bottle of Miller Lite? Meh.... The inside bouncers/barbacks usually aren't too bothersome. Although on one occasion they were checking for wristbands like Nazis every 5-10 minutes for anyone who had a drink in their hand. It was annoying, excessive and I wish I knew why, perhaps an incident occurred earlier? I really don't know.The outside bouncers/door guys are even more aggravating. My ID was given a CSI style investigation between 2 checkers, complete with a nearly 180-degree bend test that literally almost broke it in half. It was initially deemed fake by the first checker, but after giving it to the second with a flashlight, my state-issued ID was surprisingly "real".  I now have a creased driver's license. Thanks, Red Lion! I might just have the secretary of state bill you for my next one. 1/5 the place is dirty, obnoxious, expensive and I don't care for it. The only reason you might consider going here is if you drink a lot beforehand and feel like dancing (or getting pushed around by) randoms while [bad] music blares throughout the "castle".
