1	I am going to preface this review with that I know exactly the type of place I went to.  It's Burger King, not Morton's Steak House.  So I get it.  The quality of help is going to be, at best, so-so.  So with that grain of salt, understand that I know these people make little to no money, and are working very hard.  In general I don't have problems with my experiences in places like this.  And even what I do I don't worry about it because I know exactly what I am getting.  But this experience was SOOO bad that I feel compelled to run a smear campaign on the internet and let everyone know just what a horrible experience I had.I will NEVER eat at this location again!  The woman at the drive through window was such a moron that it is enough to make me go elsewhere from now on.  She was rude, she was nasty, and she smelled something awful!Here is what transpired in my time with this idiot:A)  Clearly didn't have enough training on a credit machine.  My card is perfectly good but she couldn't get it to run.B)  She DEMANDED, and I mean DEMANDED another form of payment.  Well, I refused, because that card is perfectly good and if she knew how to use the credit card machine she would know that if you go a little slower it works just fine.  In fact, the card was used several times earlier in the day at several other places.  Being rude and demanding another forum of payment is already bad but you have no excuse to be at a window and not know how to use the credit card machine!C)  At this point I was annoyed, but she continued to push me by telling me just how her credit card machine works (by the way I am a software engineer and have worked on PoS systems and she ha no earthly clue what she is talking about, but I digress).  When I said to her, frankly at this point, and I quote, "It doesn't matter now.  The point is moot since you got the card to run."  She then proceeded to stand at the window and say things like "Wow." in rude tunes.  I said to her several times, in a monotone voice, "Lady, I just want my food.  Can I go please?"  She wouldn't stop.  Kept on keeping on in a test of wills with me.  She was way cooler then me man, working at a BK in what is probably her mid 30's.  I was doing jobs like this at 16.  Your parents must think you are the envy of the whole family with all of your success.D)  Finally when she did hand me the food, she said in as smug a voice as she could muster, "Here's your food, dude."  At that point I yelled back "LATERS!" as loud as I could hoping everyone inside would now know what an idiot this woman is.E)  The fries were cold.  And she was so busy trying to how just how awesome and cool she is, she forgot the damn Sweet and Sour sauce that was supposed to go with my kids' meals.In short, TRAIN YOUR EMPLOYEES!!!!!!!!!  I really blame management for this.  Managers, pay attention!  LEARN TO TEACH YOUR EMPLOYEES CUSTOMER SERVICE SKILLS AND HOW TO USE THE STUPID CREDIT CARD MACHINE AND KNOW NOT TO CONTINUE OPENING YOUR MOUTH AFTER YOU HAVE BEEN TOLD SEVERAL TIMES TO STOP!  I am a 2 second customer.  Hand me my food and let me be on my way.  What an idiot!If I could give it 0 stars I would.
1	Slowest. Service. Ever. Do NOT go here if you are in ANY kind of hurry. No exaggeration I have waited 30 minutes with 3 cars.  If the median didn't trap you in I would have left. This isn't a 1 time thing it is every time even after their remodel. That was cosmetic only.  When you order specify you want your food hot wise it will be cold from cooling while you were in line. I'm really not sure what the issue is. Just be aware.
