4	Used to go to this place back in the late 90s.  Their italian sub was one of the best deli sandwiches I've tasted.  No matter how crowded it got service was brisk which kept the line moving.  Not a lot of other good options in the area besides the usual chains.
4	I just had the best service in this type of restaurant that I have had in a long time. Both the cashier and the person preparing the subs were so friendly. The subs were good too.
2	I do enjoy the italian bread here, but there isn't enough meat, cheese or topping to enjoy it! I definitely hate to say it but subway is just on the NW corner off the 101 and Shea. Its pretty expensive and not very loaded with toppings.
3	I was a regular at Cousins off Cactus several years ago, and on a recent trip back home to visit the parents I thought I would stop in here and grab a bite of nostalgia (we don't have Cousins in Denver). I knew I was in Scottsdale when the one woman in front of us in line took 15 minutes to complain to the cashier about how they do things at Cousins. They literally went back and forth for this long because she was unhappy that they do not have a list of toppings anywhere on their menu and she couldn't see what they have like at SUBWAY. I wanted to smack the lady, this place isn't Subway, IMO it used to be MUCH better than Subway! Finally after waiting patiently and admiring the cashier's cheery nature we placed our order and I had an Italian sub on wheat. I don't know if it was my choice in bread or what, but I really recommend going with one of their specialty breads over something plain because the sandwich just wasn't as good as I remembered them. I might be inclined to go back and give them another shot if I was in the area, but IMO there's much better options a stone's throw away. They had our sandwiches out really quick though so I am giving them 3 stars instead of 2.
3	We had just finished a round of golf at Vista Verde, and were heading home, when we decided we were hungry. So we decided to stop at Cousins, and get some sandwiches to go.This is a little sandwich shop similar to Subway. However, you do not get to choose your ingredients for your sandwiches in an assembly line manner.  Their main selling point seems to be the price and their different types of breads, and quality of ingredients.Nothing special, and not the best sandwich shop in the area.  But it was good, fast, filling, and convenient.
1	Had @CousinsSubs for lunch Tuesday.The person at the counter was very nice, and gave me the combo price for a bag of chips, even though I didn't buy them at the same time.That being said, the 2-for-$5 sandwiches were not anything remotely approaching "a good value".The floor had visible mop streaks, likely from already-filthy water, the tables were sticky, there was a large collection of baskets on top of the trash can.I would not return here unless there was nothing else available.
3	Last week I ate at Cousins Subs for the first time.  There was a stash of buy 1 get 1 coupons at work.  I nabbed one and went to check 'em out.  I ordered the meatball sub and the Italian Special sub.  Both were delicious.  My only complaint was the restaurant itself was a bit on the grimy side.  The floors were in need of sweeping and mopping.  But if I can let that slide in a Mexican joint then I should let it slide for a sub joint.  The service was good and my sandwiches were made in timely order.It was good eating.  So much so I went back the next day for lunch and then ordered again for dinner.  A coworker called in our order for delivery because we can't leave.  My sub was a-ok but his was royally butchered.  When he called they were not eager to bring him a new sub.  He let it slide but they shouldn't have given him any trouble about it especially since we're a 5 minute drive away.  If it wasn't for that I'd give this place 4 stars because I really liked my food but they should have made the order right for my coworker.
4	Four words: Italian Special Garlic Bread. Scrumptious. The place is a decent value if you get the large and share. Average sandwich shop decor. Super friendly grey haired owner/manager as well as the one male employee who I swear has been there forever. Always forget to get a coupon. I see them in Airpark News.
2	I had the chicken sub. It was pretty bland, very little flavor.
4	The problem with subs is 6in isn't enough but 12in is too much...ha! Anyway, 7.5 is perfect and a 15in sub split just makes sense which is what Cousins has :)The subs are yummy, the service is superb. The owner is SO nice, remembers you from last time and is concerned about your food/order. We love coming here to support this small business owner and his yummy food.
2	Biggest complaint I had with this place is the cleanliness.  Floor was pretty dirty and the legs of the chairs were gross.  The sandwich was ok, wouldn't run out and get another one because it was fantastic.   I asked for a side of yellow mustard and he gave me Heinz mustard packets which is usually no big deal, but the mustard inside these packets was gross.  I think it might have been way over its expiration date.  I had to scrape it off.
2	I normally try not to write one and two star reviews. I know I may be alone on this one.  Mostly, I feel bad for the owner, or small business person. They have enough working against them, after investing a few hundred thousand on a franchise.  It's simply bad ju-ju, or Karma.My friend and I came here yesterday for lunch.  It didn't seem all that busy (photo), maybe five or six patrons inside.  It was clean and well lit place.  We ordered the Italian Special (photo) and a Roast Beef.  The sandwiches were okay and the staff  friendly.  We also used a coupon for a few dollars off.  It ran us about $12.00
3	Coming from the East Coast, I never had Cousins prior to living here.  This was a store that was close to home and I was looking for something different one night.  They have a pretty good selection of types of sandwiches.  I favorite the turkey subs.  They do have a few specialty sandwiches that you won't see regularly anywhere else (Memphis Steak), and their main selling point is their fresh flavored bread.  The food tasted pretty good, it isn't a high class restaurant so I wouldn't be expecting something better than the Boars Head taste.  I definitely like their bread over what Subway has to offerHowever, the only reason why I would rate this lower than subway is because of corporate.  Because of them, Inconsistency occurs.  This location used to serve Gyro meat, but because it didn't fair well in another location, they decided to take it out of the menu.  The specialty sandwiches change not because of poor sales here, but because of poor sales in another location.  Just imagine if Mcdonalds took away their Quarter Pounder cheeseburger because it was selling as much as it did in Mesa or Goodyear, way to show faith in your product!Corporate is also the reason why this place will not offer toasted subs and limit their hot food.A good thing is that the staff on deck is friendly.  These guys are awesome to talk to and cool to know.
4	Stopped by for lunch around 11:30 and it wasn't too busy yet.  Looked at the menu and ordered:Big Daddy Sandwich (Cappacolla Ham, Coteghino Bologna, Genoa Salami, Ham, Pepperoni, Provolone, Black Olives, Pepperoncinis, Lettuce, Onions, Tomatoes, Parmesan Asiago, Oregano, Oil, Red Wine Vinegar, Mayo), $7.49http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cousins-subs-scottsdale-2?select=5a58W9LHNH6AWP912YWjyg#5a58W9LHNH6AWP912YWjyghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cousins-subs-scottsdale-2?select=kumKHw5gR7_Spho1gQjaBw#kumKHw5gR7_Spho1gQjaBwChips & Drink, $2.59http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cousins-subs-scottsdale-2?select=JuQo7zFEAoR4DhL8dk35NA#JuQo7zFEAoR4DhL8dk35NAThe old guy working the register was super nice and suggested that I get the Sandwich cut in half to make it easier to eat.  I followed his advice and it paid off.  The Sandwich is stuffed full of the ingredients and is quite messy to handle.  If it wasn't cut in half, it would've been even messier.The Sandwich tasted pretty good and the Bread was also above average.  Their house brand Chips were also above average and had a unique taste to them...to me they were almost like Sour Cream & Onion more than Jalapeno.Overall, a good lunch experience.Return Factor - 80%
3	Random stop this AM as I saw the door wide open and they had decent breakfast deals. Ordered the small egg, bacon and cheese on an Italian roll for under $3. This was a decent breakfast sandwich, eggs were freshly made, bacon was a bit dated, but cheese melted nicely. The bread was the best part overall and it was a different way to start the day, which is exactly what I was seeking today.
3	This was my first trip to this brand and it was very pleasent.  The staff was friendly and greeted me warmly as soon as I walked in.  I ordered two of their limited time subs and was back out the door quickly.  The food was good but I was a little disapointed with the size for the price.  I'm sure I'll go again as it did taste good.
4	I just love this little sub place. They have the best bread around, nice variety of subs, quick service and nice workers. So glad I discovered this yummy place.
4	Good sandwich for what you're buying. Definitely better than subway! Low prices and good daily specials. I'll be back.
5	Staff is consistently ahead of the curve, easy to reach location, plenty parking great food and friendly atmosphere-:)
4	I really like this place.  I was in here on Sunday afternoon, and the staff was polite and friendly.  The food tastes SO much better than other chain sandwich shops.  I typically get the small tuna sandy with lettuce, tomato, onion, oregano and a little olive oil.  The roll at this store is always fresh, and coming from this East Coaster, that's key.  Great place for a great lunch.  Two thumbs up.
5	I have been going to this place for years. Owner is very friendly and always pleasant, the food is always fresh. They probably should be in a more visible location and they would get more foot traffic. The min-subs are a perfect size - half a sub is still way too much food! Nice place.
