3	If you've got time upon arrival in Las Vegas, I recommend the airport shuttles -- at least the Gray Line ones -- over the taxis because of the price and ease of use.  It's $6.50 one-way and $12 round trip, which you can arrange at the airport.  For round trip you just call the day before your departure to arrange the pick up time.  The drivers are usually entertaining characters also.The only drawback I've found is the timing.  You may wait as much as 30 minutes for your shuttle to leave the airport -- most often while standing outside, which can be a pain in mid-summer or in bad weather -- and the shuttle will make multiple stops, vs. the generally quicker departures by taxi.
1	Waited 40 min for shuttle.  Shuttle then waited an extra 20 min before it filled up.   They will not leave until they fill the shuttle up.  They also will not send a shuttle to your queue until there are enough people to begin waiting for capacity.  We ended up waiting a full hour before we actually left for our hotel.For two people, it cost $13 to get to the airport.   The price of a cab back ended up being $18.NOT WORTH IT.AVOID.
1	they suck  rude person at customer assistance deskwe pre paid round trip and yet they did not honor with just voucher number and email confirmation on our phone.
1	Incompetent. Been waiting 1 hr an 10 min for shuttle and some passengers have been waiting 1 hr. 30 min Shuttle is still not here.  Shuttles are supposed to arrive at a min  every 1/2 hour. Attendant can provide no meaningful info save that shuttle is running late. We were told also it was due to a shift change. Which means that they havrbpoor operations management. .  Called service direct and they cannot provide meaningful information actually any information either. Reco is to take a taxi.  It is about $20 vs $6.50 for a shuttle.If you have similar experience you can complain to company 800.634.4638
1	Use a Taxi! Avoid Gray Line at all costs. I wish I could give zero stars. Waited 25 min for a shuttle to show up. The driver was rude, and we did not leave until the shuttle was full.
5	Quick, efficient service $12/roundtrip - picked up @ airport within 5 minutes, waited 5 minutes for shuttle to fill. Recommended!
4	It was $13 a person for a roundtrip pickup/drop off.As soon as we stepped out the terminal all the different shuttle companies were located outside, so you just have to pick one.  Luckily, the wait was not as long as what other readers have mentioned.  As my husband and I hopped on the shuttle at the airport there were a couple of other passengers inside, we waited about 20-30 minutes, and the shuttle filled up quickly!The shuttle makes different stops and we were the second stop, so we were dropped off quickly and ready to gamble.The pick up was a bit delayed, my husband called the night before and was told 1pm but we ended up being picked up 15min later, which was okay because we were on time.  The shuttle did make a few stops before heading back to the airport and all seats were filled.
4	I don't get all the negative reviews. My experiences in both being taken to downtown and then being picked up to be taken back to the airport were good ones. Easy and fast, nice drivers, reliable, on-time service. I would use them again.
1	Our shuttle arrived over 45 minutes late. I'm just glad I wasn't the girls next to us who waited almost 2 hours because their bus never showed up.
1	Awful. Plan on standing around for at least 45 minutes before you're shuttle even shows up, plus the time it takes to get to your hotel which can be another 45 depends on what order they go in. Take a cab
1	If you love waiting this is the shuttle for you... Add another 40 minutes to your travels. This shuttle bus is ridiculous waiting and waiting is the game. Don't patronize this people - not a good start to your Vegas fun
1	Don't be fooled by the low price!Bought a $13 round trip ticket and was never picked up at the hotel to go back to the air port. When I called "customer service" the rep yelled at me that the shuttle came and I wasn't there.I had to spend $40 to get a cab so I could make my flight.
1	I used this service to get back and forth from the airport for $12 a person and I suppose you get what you pay for.  The pickup area is jam packed with travelers and it's a big zoo like you would imagine Vegas to be.The service was standard, however, the most annoying part of the ride was the "guide" if I can call him that.  I felt like I was in some horrible comedy club at the mercy of this person's terrible jokes.  I was annoyed by the end of trip and I don't think I would ever use this service again.  I would rather pay more.
2	This is going to be a long one . . .I used Grayline twice during my Vegas Vacation.  First, as transportation to and from the airport. . .tip. . DO NOT BOOK ONLINE AHEAD OF TIME.  Just get your tickets at the airport---I was charged $2 extra because I pre-booked (price online $16 price at airport $14).  The shuttle to the hotel was very hot, sweat stains were visible on every seat--very appealing. . .  The return trip was better, but was cooler and they were prompt for pick up.  The second time I used Gray Line was for the "Deluxe" tour of the Hoover Dam. . . there is NOTHING deluxe about this tour.  The reason I am giving 2 stars instead of one is that Tony was my driver and he was awesome!  He made the day fun.  Gray Line uses the same shuttle to pick up at every strip hotel (over 50 people, this alone took over an hour).  Then, you are shuffled off of your bus and in to a building about 10 minutes away from the strip.  Here you wait in a line to hear a short presentation.  . . .then you wait inline to check in. . .then you wait in line to board the same bus you came to the building you just exited 30 minutes ago.   You are encouraged to stock up on snacks, water and junk in their gift shop at this spot because their prices are "much better" than the Dam.  Hey, I already bought my ticket, just give me my tour---stop trying to sell me junk.  I was traveling alone so I sat in the first seat on the bus.  I could see the "check engine" light was lit.  I asked the driver if the bus was safe and he assured me all was well.  After pulling on to the highway, the driver had to pull over, turn the bus off and turn it on again (It appeared to be getting stuck in gear).  3 times we stopped to restart the bus, on the highway, I felt like we were destine to be hit by oncoming traffic.  Each time, our driver called Gray Line and reported the troubles but nothing was done.  About 10 minutes from Boulder City, our bus just stopped working.  Stopped, stranded in the middle of the dessert--in a dangerous part of town.  The driver said that we would have a new bus in 20 minutes.  After and hour of sitting and waiting for our bus, I called Gray Line directly to ask what was going on.  They informed me that they would have a bus there in about 30 minutes but could not guarantee the time.  They were extremely rude and unhelpful on the phone--shuffled me around to 3 different people.  They just kept telling me things happen (you are in the tour guide business, you should have a plan for things like this...especially if you knew the bus was in trouble before we left---i'm no expert but "Check Engine" in usually and important problem). After approximately 90 minutes, sitting in the middle of the hot desert (temp was 103 degrees) another bus arrived. This bus looked to be about 20 years older--there was duck tape on multiple places on the roof, it looked like it was falling apart).  After this fiasco, I was hot, tired, and stressed.  It was difficult to enjoy any aspect of the tour from this point on.-I was picked up from my hotel at 9am. . .I arrived at the Hoover Dam around 12:30.  3 and 1/2 hours . . .on a bus to go a few miles. . .  interestingThe driver was informative along the way and very funny.  I really enjoyed spending the afternoon with Tony (our guide/driver).  He remained, calm, friendly and helpful even through our break down.  I heard him pleading with Gray Line to help.   After that, the tour was enjoyable. I can't really speak to the Hoover Dam tour here because tour guides at the Dam took over, not a Gray Line employee.After the Dam, you are taking to a "deluxe" buffet lunch in Henderson. . .the price tag advertised for this "deluxe" lunch was $7.00 in a low budget hotel.  The lunch consisted of hamburgers, hot dogs, tacos and other fast foodish items. Most items reminded me of TV Dinners.My advice to Gray Line:  -Run multiple shuttles for strip pick up.-Cut out the pointless check in stop. . .just pick us up and head to the Dam. . .I know you want to try to sell us your snacks, water and tacky souvenirs but please, spar us.  -Update your busses.  Do not let busses go out that are unsafe.  We knew the bus was broken before we boarded. Breaking down was inevitable, unsafe and irresponsible on your part.  We were in a bad part of town, we were lucky nothing happened--a bunch of stranded, unarmed (no weapons allowed at the Dam) tourist is a great target for criminals.-Take us to a better lunch or don't take us at all.  The $7 buffet was an insult.  -Offer some type of compensation when errors on your end occur.  I asked for some type of compensation for my troubles and horrible experience and was basically told to eat dirt.  -Work on your customer service skills.  Everyone I spoke with (excluding the awesome driver) was rude and unhelpful.  I hope you pay your drivers well, they are the best thing you have going for yo
1	Worst experience. Took way too long just to get our hotel. They had to wait for the bus to fill up.  This was bought with a package from Orbitz.  Save your money and take a taxi.
2	We got picked up from our hotel with this bus company. Felt it was a but disorganized for such a large company. People were just hopping on the bus, ask questions later. We got transferred over to a 3rd party company to continue our trip to the Grand Canyon.
