4	I was in town for a friend's wedding and ended up sharing a room here with a couple of high school friends.  I made a reservation online initially but then had to call in and switch it to a wheelchair accessible room with a roll-in shower, add a night to the reservation, and add my friends' names to the reservation so they could check in before I got there.  The folks I talked to were very friendly and helpful and everything went smoothly -- we got the room we wanted and all was well.Bonus points for them remembering our complicated plan of splitting the bill (one person pays one night and then three people split the remaining two nights) and providing us three separate bills before checkout time without us asking.    Wireless internet has a daily charge of $9.95 but they told us if you hook up via wired Ethernet, the charge won't appear on the bill, and indeed, no Internet charge.  (I'd make sure to check that this policy is still in effect, though.  And bring your long Ethernet cord.)Nice place, a mile from the Wright House, and walking distance to Mango's (if it's not 100 degrees out).
5	Awesome service, all staff including Josh.Clean rooms. Great food. Quiet enough. A steak through room service only took 20 minutes. Everything was exceptionally well done.
2	Ahhhh...heavenly Marriott bed, how I love thee.  The best thing about a full-service Marriott is their beds.  Hands down.  After working 12 hour days I know I can climb under the fluffy down comforter and fall asleep within minutes.  Those beds are the bomb people.  The beds at this Marriott didn't disappoint...but the rest of the hotel fell a little short.  It's an older property and a little overdue for a makeover.  Simply put, it's just not the nicest Marriott I have ever stayed in.  Maybe it's the location (downtown Mesa is not the most exciting place) but the hotel was pretty vacant when I was staying there.  My guess is that the hotel management's theory is that if there are no guests there to accommodate, why bother putting forth the effort.  The staff was nice, not the best but definitely not the worst.  The housekeeping didn't skimp on the cleaning...but they definitely skip on the towels.  Maybe they were ticked off that I used the majority of my towels each day (hey, I'm 2 shower a day gal with the wicked hot temps in Phoenix!) but there were 3, yes 3, days that I was left towel-less.  Zero.  Not even a wash cloth.  I learned my lesson after the first time and always checked to make sure I have towels BEFORE getting into the shower, but come on people.  Towels are just SUPPOSED to be there; right along with the free Bath and Body Works shampoo and lotion that has a weird scent they don't even sell in the stores.  Each time I called the front desk they would have towels to my room within minutes, but the point is that I shouldn't even have to worry about not being stocked with towels.  If it wasn't for the fact that I had to "air-dry" one night after my shower, I would probably have given this property 3 stars.  As a previous reviewer stated they do give you milk and cookies each night if you are on the executive floors so that was a nice touch.  But the towel thing irritated me, so it will stay a 2.
3	Recently spent 2 nights there on my usual business trips to Phoenix. Usually I stay in Scottsdale but since I was working in eastern Mesa I decided to try out the Marriott here in Mesa. On the positive side the rooms and the hotel and very clean. The beds are comfortable. The staff seems very friendly and accommodating. Ordered breakfast and special ordered my omelet the way I like them and without a problem it was done and served in a timely manner. No noise issues. Modern flat screen TV's. On the negative side the place is in kind of a bad area. Not a lot of good local dinning options although I did find the De la Cruz Bistro to be very good. Sport bar across the street is what it is. Also, I found the place to be on the pricey side (at least my rate was). As other people have noted this is an older property and some of the common areas need updating. Bottom line is I would probably stay here again if I have business in Mesa.
2	not too good for a Marriott.  The hotel needs to be renovated.  Lobby smells old.  Nice staff.  Exercise room is good.
2	This Marriott meets my needs based on its location to the business sites I need to visit. My only issue id the parking which can be sort of iffy and unsafe at night. I particularly do not enjoy parking in a poorly lit, unsecured parking lot and then walking to the hotel. Nonetheless, the staff is friendly, and rooms are clean.
3	Overall good experience, but is next door to mesa amphitheater and sometimes there are concerts at night -- and you can hear them through the walls, in my experience. You might want to check out the events there to see what you are getting into for your dates of stay. (They are supposed to always knock off at 10:00 PM, however. Local rules about sound and such.)They do have free wifi now. I also like that they had down duvets with duvet covers (washable, in other words) instead of nasty where-has-it-been comforters/quilts. Thumbs up there!They have a pretty nice exercise room and a business room. I tried their outdoor hot tub, but not the sauna.The restaurant at the hotel had very good food overall (we had the vegetarian Pasta Provencal twice) and was decently priced. The portions were usually quite big (easy to share, in my experience). Their "cup" of soup was closer to a regular bowl in size.
4	This is exactly what you would expect at a Marriott.  The hotel is fairly clean.  The staff is attentive and friendly.  The prices are reasonable.  The rooms are spacious and the beds are super-comfy.After some thought, I added the fourth star for FINALLY offering free wi-fi, having a Starbucks in the lobby, and having a great restaurant and bar.  The design is somewhat strange and I don't feel like I ever found the front door.  The only negative was that one of my lampshades has some bizarre stains on it, but I'm not eating off of it.There is a refrigerator in my room and they give Bath & Body Works aromatherapy shampoo and soap, so I enjoy the plusses.  As far as the neighborhood goes, I can't imagine where someone must be from to consider this a bad neighborhood.  It isn't Beverly Hills, but there is nothing wrong with this neighborhood.  In fact, if I were on vacation (I'm here for business), I would really enjoy being so close to museums and a ton of dining options.
4	Very nice and great location.
4	I am such a fan of this place. The hotel is clean, modern and everything you'd expect from a Marriott brand. But for me the staff is outstanding. They are so friendly and helpful. They go out of their way to make you feel welcome and appreciated. I had a slight snag with the shuttle but mention it to a staff person in passing and it was immediately addressed. I couldn't be happier with the results. I wish there was a bit more in walking distance but the shuttle offered by the hotel fixes that problem.
3	Convenient if at the convention center next door.  My only ding against them, the typical hotel gift shop with insulting prices.  Cmon guys, quit trying to ding the traveller for bottled water etc.  Make it priced right and you will sell more of it, not less.....
2	The facilities are beautiful but this place is POORLY run.We stayed here for a wedding and they lost the bride and groom's reservation not once, but twice!The father of the bride was also given keys to a room that was already occupied. He discovered this little mistake when he walked into a room with undergarments thrown all over the place. The most irritating aspect is they did nothing make up for all the mistakes.
5	an outstanding classy place. i would say this is the best marriott i have ever been to. we went there as a basketball tournament, and got  a group rate. peggy rates as one of the top salespeople i have ever worked with. professional staff, clean rooms, good location, easy access to airport, the breakfast buffet rocks.  would stay there again anyday.
4	Not bad. Staff was nice. Had a chicken quesadilla from the hotel restaurant, and there was only 5 minutes until closing at 11:00. The gal was cool, and very accommodating. I appreciate that.
3	I struggled as to whether to give it 4 stars. I like the hotel a lot. The new lobby is modern and comfortable with inviting spaces. Even a fire pit outside to sit at and talk. The front desk staff was great. The room I was in was one of the refreshed rooms and so everything was newer with standard Marriott comfort. The evening snacks at in the concierge lounge was very good and much more than what some Marriott hotels put out. Breakfast in the concierge lounge was an issue. The pastries were very old and stale and I found mold on the white bread (which almost pushed me down to 2 stars, but hey, everyone makes mistakes.) My biggest problem...NO HD TV. Granted they have things posted saying that they are upgrading in the near future...but it is 2014. I NEVER expected to show up at a Marriott in 2014 to find that they didn't have HD TV. I actually only stayed one night instead of my scheduled stay because of small low def TV's.
2	I'm a platinum marriott member (big deal I know).  This Marriott is not good.  Gym air conditioning doesn't work so it's 80 degrees in that room.   They stuck me on the first floor next to an exit door that doesn't lock (that should) and it makes all kinds of noise.  Asked to be switched to concierge level and I got the run around.  Staff totally uninspired and overheard the restaurant bar staff talking  smack of the guests.
3	Meh.  This Marriott was disappointing!  Exterior looks rather dated but the biggest gripe I have is my non smoking room smelling like smoke and the loud sorority party that was blasting late into the night.  Hallways were loud as well.  Didn't try the pool but overall just wasn't impressed.
2	Where to begin? Our organization held its annual convention here and while the price was certainly right, we quickly learned that you definitely get what you pay for--and not in a good way. The banquet manager is a nice enough guy but man talk about nickel-and-diming people to death! They tried to charge us .25 per pen if we wanted pens for our workshop rooms. They would charge us for water by the gallon and one of the staff very rudely informed me that if I wanted a cup of hot water for tea for my sore throat that I would have to buy the water by the gallon! The rooms were all way too hot with the A/C not working properly. Even the restaurant azul was HOT like bikram yoga class hot. The hotel overall had a musty smell to it and the pool was not well maintained.The convention center was a perfect spot to hold our exhibit hall but the City owns the convention hall and they are ridiculous with what they want to charge for as well. I'm not sure if it's a Mesa thing or if this is just a restaurant beyond the norm for Marriotts because this was the rudest, most bizarre experience I've ever had.
4	nice hotel, friendly staff. the room and Bathroom are very clean. towels are fresh and as white as new. bed is comfortable. worth the price. they've got outdoor pool and spa tub. hotel was clean all around. they got gym inside as well.
1	This place gets no stars at all because they totally would not even give me an extra 30 minutes late checkout they said absolutely positively not because they had other people coming then we had over 900 fireman here and none of them could get 30 minutes late check out after all the money that we spent here, I really do not understand why the Marriott would not do this all we ask is for an hour to 30 minutes extra late checkout we spent over $6-$700 here and still did not get a late checkout I will definitely make sure that I keep on posting on these people even on Facebook and let everybody know not to come here to spend their money elsewhere, next year we will find another hotel to go to, The manager was not even available for us to talk to which was very convenient for them, Plus I left a message at the desk and they would not even return my call I will definitely make sure I call corporate , Food was terrible and housekeeping was last night but they sure did greet us and take our money
3	It was very accommodating. Everything seems to be in good shape and staff was nice. It's not the most impressive like a JW but it's not a ratchet hotel either.FREE WIFI!!!!There were lots of mosquitoes in the lobby though.
3	Ants.   ....The hotel is decent enough.  But, Ants.  Like, bad. They are everywhere.  In the rooms, in the bar area, front desk.  I was trying to sign my receipt at the Starbucks/bar and kept having to flick ANTS off the paper so I could write!  Eeek!(Other) Negatives- not in the greatest part of town. There's a sketchy sports bar right across the street.  The parking sucks. Mosquitoes have taken over the outside areas. Carpets are kinda dirty in the rooms. Positives- comfy bed, relativity clean-ish, restaurant is doable.  Starbucks located inside lobby.  Large gym.  Room service food.  Super-powered AC in rooms.
3	Just OK - a bit underwhelming for a Marriott. The concierge breakfast is laughable. The best part are the people - very friendly. They aren't very knowledgeable about area and knew nothing about bike rentals in area. Restaurant us unimpressive as well. But again, pleasant service folks. We're here during the holidays and there are no lights - what??
