3	Going into Helen Bateman reminded me of the kind of bright, European shops that you see when you go on holiday, which all seem to be orientated towards life being a permanent summer break. Or maybe they just want to encourage people from colder countries to stop being so grumpy and dreary looking, because perhaps your body reacts in some way to wearing bright fuchsia pink that will make you immune to temperatures below freezing and allow you to stride down Princes Street blissfully unaware of the frostbite going on around you.I guess, in a very roundabout way, what I'm trying to say is that the offerings at Helen Bateman are very bright and cheery looking, with mostly handbags, shoes from the independent Helen Bateman range, and jewellery on display, plus a few kaftan items, presumably for people who have any prospect of lying on a beach. It is summer, so the range is probably strikingly bright for this purpose, and I would definitely allow some happy draping of several of the bags on show, as they were all nice and substantial in size, which I approve of for holding all my daily handbag junk.Some of the shoes are a bit too eccentric and full on in colour for my liking, in styles that probably aren't so much targeted at young people that are super into fashion, but a lot of the boutiques in this area target a slightly older age range, so I kind of expected that. Everything here is clearly high quality and well designed though, so it's worth taking a look, especially if you're in the mood to gloat about buying something for your impending tropical holiday.
3	If colourful, zany, stand-out-from-the-crowd shoes are your thing then there's no better place to go than Helen Bateman. The shoes here are all individual and unique so you definitely won't find them anywhere else in the world and they certainly aren't copies of other brands like many shoe companies, these bad boys march to the beat of their own drum.I love heels, but I'm a little bit more conservative with shoes going mainly for single colours and printed pumps are usually as adventurous as I go. So Helen Bateman shoes really are for those who like to make a statement with their shoes.They are all made with excellent quality materials and when I had a browse round the shop on William Street, I could see how good quality the shoes were. They have everything from boots, pumps and trainers to heels and wedges - all of which make a statement.If you're looking for something a little bit different then give this place a try.
4	Love coming past this shop to see what kind of new styles of shoes and accessories are in stock! When I was given birthday money last year this was one of my first shops where I'd gladly drop a few pennies. The shoes here are very good quality and can provide comfort with people who have bad feet! My mom can get very sore feet, so she felt very welcome here, and walked away with a couple pairs of pretty flats! But even more so, the shoes here are very unique and come in ranges of lots of different colours. It's really a place to find a cool pair of shoes no one has! I also love the bracelet I got here last year, it looks like a belt (funky!). Plus, how pretty is William Street?! I just like being around this shop! Cobble stone street, independent stores, a very good pub.. heaven.
5	Fantastic shoes and bags which make great gifts for the wife, mother and mother in law!
