1	If I have insurance that covers 100% of my eye exam, WHY was I charged almost $60, then received a phone call stating it would be another $25 and do I want them to just charge my card or send me a bill? Tell ya what honey... bill me. Then take a number and hold your breath.
5	Michelle is amazing! She goes above & beyond to meet my families needs. I did not have to wait very long for my exam. She was extremely understanding and patient when helping  my son that has Aspergers. This store was very clean & organized.
5	The staff here was excellent!! They were great with my kids, and didn't mind my baby crawling around the whole store. They got the exams done quickly and efficiently.When it came down to picking frames they were patient and let my kids try on nearly every frame. They didn't rush them and treated them like the only customer in the shop. Both kids ended up picking frames that not only looked good, but the staff made sure that felt good on their faces. As first time glass users the kids has no clue about all day glass comfort.I'd totally recommend these guys to anyone looking for a super positive experience :)
1	Not recommended at all.Worst place to go for Eye Exam.It took us about same time as going to Emergency room in the hospital.No point of taking appointment,they make you wait for hours.
1	NEVER AGAIN! We were in the car near this place when my daughter broke a glow stick and had the chemicals and glass splash into her eye. She started screaming and couldn't open her eye. I am a nurse but common sense would tell anyone to flush it immediately. Problem: no water. Since we were right by this vision center I called as we were pulling in so they would be expecting an urgent case. I expect them to take her in the back and flush her eye out immediately. But no. I go in and they knew who we were but give me paperwork to fill out, after waiting for a few minutes while they were on the phone. I get the paperwork but there was ZERO urgency to see my daughter who was standing there with a cloth over her eye crying. So I stop the paperwork and head towards the bathroom to flush it myself. I get stopped and they say the optometrist should see her first. They go into the optometrist room while I was standing at the door and tell her "Mom thinks there may be glass in her eye so she wants to flush her eye out now." The optometrist literally gave me an aggravated, contemplative blank state, looked at the assistant and said "tell mom I will be with them in a few minutes." They had me go back to the lobby to finish filling out paperwork. Meanwhile my daughters eye is burning! I take the half filled papers back to the front about to rinse her eye out myself and walk out before finally they say "ok we will see her now". Granted this is about 10-15 min after walking in with a child crying with a chemical burn.The optometrist takes her in and tries to look at the eye first with the scope, before attempting a rinse! She couldn't open her eye so she then puts a couple eye drops in her eye, no rinse! Then looks at it again and says "she has a chemical burn" and proceeds to evaluate under the scope and then prescribe antibiotic eye drops. She never saline-flushed her eye out, just put a couple eye drops in. I left aggravated, daughters eye still burning, and went next door to buy saline flush and flushed her eye out myself right there.The staff here are incompetent when it comes to urgent matters. If they are reading this: next time someone comes in with an urgent chemical or foreign object in their eye, maybe try to immediately flush them and stabilize the patient before completing the paperwork. We aren't going to run out of there and not pay. But if something happens as a result of your lack of incompetence and sense of urgency and you will be the one paying!Prospective patients I recommend anywhere but here. Positive note: I did notice they had a seemingly nice selection of eyeglasses all over, however this was based on my peripheral vision as I was there obviously for other reasons.
5	What a refreshing relief! Amazing customer service! We have been going to another location for years & never had more than mediocre service. Today we came here for the 1st time after waiting 30 minutes at the old location. THIS will be our new location! Staff was courteous, acknowledge us, answered questions and was attentive to my kids & niece. Very personable. Went out of their way to make our experience positive and quick. We were in & out in 15 minutes. (I will say we were the only customers there at 1:30pm.)My son has a developmental disability & the staff member engaged him in conversation. She was amazing! Plenty of parking.Knowledgeable staff.Great location for us. Clean and professional interior. Staff looked presentable in business casual attire.
