5	Eric was referred to me by another landscaper that was not able to fit me in their schedule and I needed someone to come out soon. I looked up Blooming Valley on Yelp and they didn't have any reviews yet but the other landscaper thought highly of him so I gave Eric a call.I explained that my irrigation system isn't working right and though we've been watering manually, my trees and plants are starting to look like they are in bad shape. I'm a little out of his coverage area but he agreed to come out. His consultation price was fair and he would apply it to the cost of the repairs. He asked for some pics so he knew what to expect and parts to bring (big points for being prepared).We worked it out for him to come out Sat. morning and we walked through the front and back yard. Eric's a very nice guy and he's obviously experienced, pointing out a number of additional things about my trees and bushes that I can take care of myself. As far as my irrigation, he point out the issues with my valves and vacuum valve. Eric said he could take them apart and see if they were repairable. He came back in a bit and said he could repair the valves and can visit a nearby store to get some more parts and get it done today. The quote was fair and though I wasn't looking forward to having to repair my irrigation setup, he is able to fix it at a minimal cost and not have to replace it. He also guarantees his work.My trees and shrubs are now getting water and he even setup my water timer correctly. Eric seems like a nice, honest guy with good experience. I'm happy to recommend Eric for any irrigation repairs.
5	Blooming Valley Landscape and  owner Jeff Parks was referred to us by another landscaper who did a botch job on our irrigation system, and I highly recommend him for even the most complex and challenging projects out there. Ours was one of them, and Jeff was extremely thorough, patient, and professional throughout our entire sprinkler system project. While we had a very frustrating experience with the referring landscaper, we inherited Jeff who is extremely trustworthy and dependable. If you are looking for a top notch and detailed professional, this is your man. Thanks Jeff, consider yourself hired for next year's winter reseeding!
5	Jeff was fantastic when we contacted him about trimming our Palm Trees. We are not native to Arizona, so we did not know a lot about palm trees - we just knew they needed to be trimmed. Jeff not only came out and gave us a quote, he explained the process and informed us about when to and when to not trim palm trees. Whereas, others just came and gave us a quote. We really liked that Jeff explained everything to us - it was very helpful. Jeff returned and trimmed our palm trees and they still look AMAZING today! We will definitely be contacting Blooming Valley Landscape again to not only trim our trees but also for any future landscaping needs.This is an excellent company that I would HIGHLY recommend to friends and family!
5	I had searched for a reliable landscaping company for almost a year before finding blooming valley.  I was instantly impressed with Jeff's professionalism, and could tell we were in good hands. Our yard is now exactly what we wanted it to be thanks to their meticulous maintenance and the recent plants they added. We couldn't be happier with them!
5	I have had such a rough time finding a reliable landscaping company.  Jeff and his crew completely changed my outlook on the Arizona landscaping scene!  He was at my house the very next day!! Super professional and a killer job!  Thanks Blooming Valley!
1	Beware.  Only 4 reviews at the time should have been my tipoff but I went with Blooming Valley Landscape anyway.  Jeff seemed like a nice guy on the phone, but this company is extremely unreliable.  Jeff showed up once on schedule but missed the next scheduled appointment after we waited all day to hear from him.   Communication is extremely poor.  Calls to Jeff are met with a chronically full voicemail box.  E-mails and texts go unanswered.After delaying our project by more than 2 weeks waiting for Jeff to return our calls, we finally pulled the plug and moved on to another landscaper.  If they are this slow with communication we can only imagine how much slower (and more costly) they will be with the actual work.Stick to the professionals.  I don't recommend these guys.
