4	Good shrimp and wings! Hook has been in Pittsburgh since 2005. This Hook location is on Federal Street on the North Side across from the library. It is a take out only location.As far as seafood they offer catfish fillets, nuggets, cod, perch, regular and jumbo shrimp, oysters, scallops, tilapia and whiting. Dinners come in small, large and family sizes. All dinners come with cole slaw, fries and bread. As far as chicken dinners they offer gizzards, nuggets, tenders and wings and they are also available in small and large sizes. Wing dinners are available anywhere from 3 wings to 150 wings. They also offer chicken and fish combos including: catfish & wings, perch & wings, catfish cut & chicken tenders and perch & chicken tenders. For sandwiches they offer crab cake, cod, perch, tilapia, whiting and chicken tender sandwiches. All sandwiches come with fries and cole slaw. For sides they offer cole slaw, okra, fries, hush puppies, jalapenos, onion rings, mozzarella sticks and jalapeno poppers. For desserts they offer cheese cake, peach cobbler, banana pudding and assorted cakes. I really like their fries and jumbo shrimp. The jumbo shrimp are HUGE! The wings are very good also, they're just on the small side. I like my wings big like at Honeybee's in Homewood.
4	"Fry that fish!" I'll admit it here I cannot fry fish nor  chicken and oh what a shame it is because I love me some fried chicken.  I went to Hooks Fish and Chicken with only 15 minutes to spare before my bus came, I was in and out and the service was prompt and friendly. I even shared a laugh with the cashier. I ordered a whiting dinner with three wings. My food was prepared while I waited.  The fish and chicken was seasoned so well just the right amount of garlic which for me means tons of garlic. My the fish dinner was a hearty serving and was enough to be both a lunch and dinner later that night. Having fried foods is one of the best ways to turn a day from good to great! Thanks Hooks for the great service and stellar meal.
5	Love this place. Delicious chicken fried perfectly. The only downside is this place is CASH ONLY but they do have an ATM inside in case you dont have cash (i never do) the food is basically made to order unless you call ahead your order will most likely be done before you get there. I wait inside and then walk home and its still warm and delcious.
5	I don't know what kind of magic unicorn pixie dust they sprinkle on their food, but whatever it is, I can't get enough!After years of hearing a friend ask me if I've tried Hook Fish and Chicken yet, I could finally answer yes.  And then I finally understood why she kept asking.  I tried the combo featuring 6 whole wings, fries, slaw and bread.  It was all just. So. Good.  The bread (your basic white sliced) is placed on the bottom, like a cloud that any grease from the wings can soak in to.  The wings and fries are packed into a styrofoam container and sprinkled with their infamous seasoning and then closed tightly with a rubber band placed around to keep all that goodness from spilling out.  The menu is basic, just pick your fried food of choice (wings, tenders, fish, shrimp) and sides (even fried okra).  My meal was $8.  It is cash only and take out only with an ATM on site.  You can call ahead but most orders are ready in ten minutes.  Be warned, you will become an addict.  "Why did I only get 6 wings?" I kept asking myself as I have been dreaming of those wings ever since.
5	Wanted to take a pic but we ate the food too fast. This southern gal has found a great place to get a catfish fix. Thank you!
4	As long as you don't expect service with a smile, then this will be a good spot for you!I sampled the fried chicken wings, fried scallops, fried whiting filet, fried jumbo shrimps, and French fries. As I review this, I realize how calorically wrong this plate sounds but if you are going to indulge in seafood, this is where you want to be. And everything for me was a sample because the portions were so large that I wasn't able to finish any one thing. It made for great leftovers the next day, though.They sprinkle some dust on the fried seafood after it comes out the fryer but I wouldn't be able to tell you what it is. It looks like sawdust but has no taste and the "friendly" cashier ignored me when I asked him what he was sprinkling on my food. Even with his attitude, I still give this a 4 star experience. That says a lot...There is a take out only restaurant so unless you live in the area, be prepared to eat in your car...like I did.
1	WORSE SERVICE/FOOD EVER DON'T SPEND YOUR MONEY... They double fried old chicken (40 piece wing order) and sent me home to my family with that garbage hard inedible chicken I don't live on the north side so when I got home it was late I called the next day and the guy V or Z (he refused to clarify his name) called me ignorant and hung up on me NEVER AGAIN!!! Don't waste your time, energy, or sanity dealing with this business especially if you're a stickler for edible food and good customer service
