5	I am so excited about this place.  I tried Flame Kabob a couple days after eating and Paymon's and this blew them away.  Their koobideh is better than Paymon's or Habib's, but without the price of Paymon's or the uncomfortable bow-tied servers and forced upscale feeling of Habib's.The atmosphere is like a Chipotle style place, with a walk up counter and tables, and they bring your food out to you when it's ready.We tried the chicken and beef koobideh and the beef tenderloin (not sure if i have that name right).  All were great, but I liked the chicken the most.  Also have pretty good hummus, great shirazi salad too! Never bother with the the more expensive places just to get some decent kabobs again!
5	One word- YUM!My husband is a huge fan of Persian food and when he found out about this place, we went the next day.  We went in with high expectations, and Flame Kabob did not disappoint.  At our table we had everything from Kabobs to Schwarma and everything was absolutely wonderful! The meat was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The saffron rice is some of the best I've had and the bread, my god the bread! Made to order in what looked like some sort of clay oven.  Heavenly! We will definitely be going back to Flame Kabob again and again!
4	Drove past CSN Charleston to the $5 car wash further down the street and saw the Grand Opening sign outside of Flame Kabob.  I recognized the name as the one on Sunset, which I have not been to.  So after washing the car and working up a sweat just vacuuming my car, I decided to head back and check out Flame Kabob.The restaurant is fast casual Persian kabob chain restaurant.  Since it is still very new, the interior looks really clean and the tables and chairs are in good condition. The kitchen where the staff prepare and plate the food is very clean. If you want you can see them roll out the dough and bake the fresh bread.Their menu is available for viewing online, so I didn't bother taking pictures of their menu.  But they also have pick two out of three kubideh (beef, chicken and lamb) for $9.99.  A sweet deal which I took advantage of.  The food took awhile to prepared, since it was made to order and didn't bother me due to my lack of time constraints. But for me it was totally worth it.  The bread was fresh and delicious.  The kubidef (beef and chicken) came off the special grill still steaming hot, and was delicious, flavorful and still very juicy and moist inside.I also tried their Pistachio Rose Water Persian ice cream. It was good, with some pistachio pieces in the ice cream but the relatively dominant flavor is still rose water.The cashier followed up with each diner to ask us about the food we ordered. And they will soon have 3rd location in Las Vegas.The hours:Mon-Sat 11am - 9pmSun 12pm - 8pmPrice - seems high but most Persian restaurants are. The pick two of three Kubideh (ground meat skewers) is a relatively good value though.Food - I enjoyed everything except their grilled tomato and their Saffron Rice (bland). The meats were hot and juicy, and still piping hot when they plated my food. Ice cream worth a try.Service - friendlyOverall 4 stars for me. And I will be back to try more items.
4	A tad pricey, but the quality of food is worth it.  The steak kabob was tender and cooked perfectly medium rare.  However, the ground meat kabob such as the ground chicken kabob, you get twice as much meat for the price, but the spices that are used are good.
4	We have eaten here 3 times in one week so that should tell you something. The beef kabob was the most tender i have ever had in my life, it melts in your mouth. The staff are very friendly and the plave is very clean.
