5	first off, i love that my sister goes on vacation to arizona all the time, and she always brings back a random assortment of cookies. i also love that these can be ordered online and shipped. not that i dont want my sister to vacation. i just like that there are easier way to get the cookies to my house.i think my favorites are the pink cloud (with the almond extract), the banana chocolate chip, and the chocolate star paradise.and i love the website, i like seeing pictures of fresh cookies from a birds eye view.
5	Remember when you were little and you came home to fresh baked cookies?  Me either.  BUT, when you walk into Chocolate Star Bakery's adorable shop, you are immediately transported to that idealistic scent that makes it almost feel like you are 8, waiting for your mom to pour the milk so you can eat the delicious cookie, fresh from the ovens.  I love anything they make with chocolate and mint, and my kids love the pink clouds--a delicious sugar cookie.   I also love that I can send these as gifts-- I love supporting local businesses--especially one as cute and friendly as this one!
5	Yum and Yum.  Seriously delicious.  My favorite is the snickerdoodle and my kids love the peanut butter bliss.  You are missing out if you don't eat these tasty treats.
4	These are darn good cookies.  I like my cookies to fool me into thinking they don't have a lot of junk in them . Nothing  bugs in my bakery goods  like a overly processed taste that says" I can last a whole year if needed".These little yummys have a taste that says "Grandma probably baked these just for you". Now that I like .I can't tell you about the shop , I just was lucky enough to have a sweet friend who remembered by bday with a little bag of 6 huge cookies.  Thanks Lindsay!!   I can't wait to stop by this shop sometime in the future and see what else they baked just for me.PS  I  want you  to believe that normally I wouldnt eat the whole bag of cookies , but being a gift I was forced to eat every morsel myself.  I wouldn't want to  give  away a  gift.
5	Another Yelper said that Chocolate Star Bakery was sent from Heaven! I could not have said it any better! I love that the Owner alternates cookie "specials" regularly yet keeps the old faithful standbys always in rotation. This week I got lucky to catch the current special chocolate mint cookie. Yep! Like a grown up Girl Scout cookie. All chocolate batter w/ dark chocolate chips and mint chips. I just polished one off w/ a steaming cup of truffled chocolate tea. But of course milk would be equally as good. :)But no matter the cookie special, I ALWAYS get the pink cloud cookies. They're pink colored soft shortbread. And since pink IS one of my fave colors....I frequently buy these cookies as personal and corporate gifts.  I always get delighted and excited responses! Just a hint for all you marketers out there. Stop it already with the mundane Panera Bread cookies in a box! :)Enjoy!
5	the best cookies i have ever tasted!!! wow!love the chocolate cinnamon mmmmm
5	You can't get any better then Chocolate Star Bakery for your sweet tooth every time time I go in to get my treat I can always can't on them being fresh and full of flavor. The chocolate chip cookies are load with the best chocolate chips. You can't go wrong for the best cookies in Phoenix.
4	This place is the bane of my existence.  How can I keep my diet when they are in the same plaza as my hair dresser.  Every time I get my hair done I stop and get a few cookies.  I cannot even wait until I get home to start eating them. The banana chocolate chip is so good.  I really liked their pumpkin chocolate chip I had last week.  Why 4 stars?  Last time the cookies were a little undercooked and the texture was too cake like.  I hope it was only an off day.  I'll be seeing them in a week.
5	You think you know what cookies taste like, right? Well until you try Chocolate Star Bakery's creations you have no idea.These cookies are more like cookie cakes. They're flying saucer sized, HUGE! I'm a total sucker for that cake-like texture, and each cookie has that fresh from the oven taste. Moist, rich, decadent and flavorful. My favorites are the Cranberry White Chocolate, Coconut Macaroon and Chocolate Java.If I still lived within close proximity to this place, I probably would have started working out twice a day just to feed my addiction. Now that I live near Arcadia, it's a little bit of a drive to get here so I don't frequent as often as I used to. But when I take a drive up to N. Scottsdale, I make sure to visit the bakery, it's totally worth it. These cookies also come in adorable little bags and they make great gifts! You can also order them online and have them delivered. When I bought my first home, our mortgage guy gave these to us as part of a present. We devoured them within a day. Well, actually, I devoured them before Matt really had a chance to eat any... they're just too delicious!
5	I ordered two each of a dozen varieties of cookies for our Mother's birthday.  Suzanne, the Baker was very helpful to make sure that we got exactly what we wanted (wrapped individually by flavor) and had them delivered to Mom's Glendale, AZ home the same day they were baked.  She was so impressed with how pretty the packaging was, how wonderful the cookies smelled, and after enjoying several of them (and freezing some for later), Mom is saving Chocolate Star's address so she can stop over for a cup of coffee and a cookie, or order some for friends.  Mom knows home-made quality and value and appreciated all the care and special ingredients she knew were in each generous sized cookie.  This was a delightful surprise and a great gift idea for someone who really does not "need" anything!  Thanks so much!
3	I have lived in Arizona for 20 years, and never knew a shopping center even existed west of Scottsdale Rd. At the urging of my sister, I stopped by Chocolate Star Bakery and am so glad I did! I grabbed the last Peanut Butter Bliss they had as well as a couple of chocolate chip cookies. The staff was friendly, the shop was cute, and overall it was a pleasant experience. I wasn't really a big fan of the chocolate chip cookies and probably wouldn't get them again, but the Peanut Butter Bliss cookie was phenomenal! I will certainly be back for more.
4	Tired of eating low quality birthday cakes with nasty frosting?  Then try something new and get a stack of cookies from Chocolate Start Bakery.  These cookies are pretty decent sized and so tasty that you'll forget about cake the second you bite into one.  They remain soft and moist even after a few days.  You'll find there are a nice selection of unique flavors that you can't get anywhere else and you won't have an issue finding something you like.  If you're not a fan of cookies, then this place will make you one.
3	Be sure to call before driving there...the website claims they are open until 5pm but there wasn't a sign of life when I showed up at 4:30 :( I'm sure the cookies are delicious, but I did not get the opportunity to make a purchase.
4	For some reason, I had an incredible urge for cookies the other day, and didn't feel like getting one from Paradise Bakery, Wildflower, or a supermarket.  I wanted something less chain-y, commercial, and more homemade (without having to make 'em myself, of course).  Thanks to the magic of Yelp, I found the Chocolate Star Bakery, located within a reasonable distance from my office.The place is in an unassuming shopping center, and I nearly drove right past it - it's a small storefront, one of those places that's 9/10ths kitchen and food-making area, which is almost always a good sign for a bakery.  A fellow from the back room came up and helped me almost immediately, offering good suggestions on which varieties to try.I wound up getting a dozen different cookies, and all of them were quite tasty on the same "this is a darn good cookie" level that makes picking a favorite nigh-impossible.  Even after some of them sat, uneaten and unloved in my refrigerator for close to two weeks, when I got to them, they still tasted fresh, with no staleness to speak of.  I just bought another dozen as a part of a belated holiday present for my parents, and have heard rave reviews from them as well.  This might not sound like much, but my dad is pretty much a "pie or cake or nothin'" kind of guy, and my mom usually avoids sweets that aren't straight-up chocolate.The only warning I would give is that at $1.50 each, the price seems a little steep, given the size and the fact that these are, well, cookies.  So if you're on a budget and are looking for quantity over quality, this shop might not be right for you.  But if you're willing to splurge a bit more on some fantastic cookies, give Chocolate Star a try.
4	These are the best chocolate chip cookies on the planet! My top vice, so I know choc chip cookies;) I have been sending Chocolate Star Bakery products to family, friends, and colleagues for over 3 years now, and I have always been pleased with the service.
5	Best cookies around.  I love supporting this business.  The cookies are so delish!
5	I use these for gifts for my customers which makes me look great!  I used Mrs Fields in the past which are like grocery store cookies by comparison.First class!
5	They are delicious!! Chocolate java are my favorite!  Very soft, chewy, and fresh.
3	I have been here twice - but only inside once. The first time I tried to come here, the door was locked with a note that said, "Be back in 20 minutes - out delivering cookies". So, I walked around for 10 minutes, noticed they were still closed and drove off. Coming back twenty minutes later (a total of 30 minutes since I first arrived), they were still closed. I gave up and went back to work. Determined to try their cookies, I came back a different day. Luckily, they were open. The outside isn't much to look at, just another easily over looked store in a shopping strip next to a hairdresser and a watch shop. The inside is on the small side, but homey with a slight country feeling - imagine painted dressers with artistically peeling paint and worn edges. However, I was immediately greeted with a smile. I ordered an iced coffee (see my review of My Key Coffee http://www.yelp.com/biz/my-key-coffee-scottsdale#hrid:r_cEDtZWPh-y8v2YJSmU9g) and two chocolate chip cookies. Through some small talk, I found out that they also do cupcakes, but the baker was on a hiatus until school was back in full swing. Taking my goodies to go, I had to wait until I was back in the office to enjoy. The cookies are average size; think 2 - 3 inches in diameter, bursting with plenty of chocolate chips. They taste natural, no preservative aftertaste. Another bite in and you can really taste the butter, which has a slight nutty taste. The edges are crunchy and the middle is soft and almost a cake-like consistency. As far as cookies go, they are good, but not my favorite.
4	This bakery has closed.
1	Stopped by at 12:30pm on a Thursday and they were closed. No sign, no explanation. Was very disappointed because I've heard so many good things about this place.
