3	The manager was nice and people were happy to be making free DBacks tacos. It had a party - like atmosphere with happy customers and employees. Very clean and well kept. Good for a Taco  Bell.  I enjoy the somewhat healthier Fresco Tacos over the original.  I think the biggest difference is the lack of cheese and the addition of pico de gallo.
3	Tried the Cantina Burrito with chicken, man it was delicious! I usually don't frequent Taco Bell, but this was worth the time. The counter person was friendly. He saw that the sun was beating thru the window when I was eating my meal and offered to drop the blinds. I didn't even ask. Point for this Taco Bell!
1	So I came here last Saturday and tried the Cantina chicken burrito and loved it. I came here today and ordered the same thing, and seriously thought I was eating a veggie burrito there was hardly any chicken in it. Boo... not sure what gives
1	Store #020899 in Apache Junction. What a joke. I've lived in AJ for about 13 years now, and I've gone to this location plenty of times. Not one of these visits has ever resulted in a pleasant experience for me, but I like the food. However, that's to be expected when you purchase food from a fast food franchise joint that hires teens with multiple children and mid-20's adult "Juggalos" who still live with their parents and have a drop-out, 10th grade education. Tonight, 11/28/2014 resulted in a much more irritating visit than other visits. I ordered a plentiful amount, as my family was fairly hungry this evening after putting up Christmas lights. So, I get to Taco Bell, order, pay and leave, unsuspecting of a fouled order. I get home and behold... a missing taco and my daughter's beloved Cheesy Potato burrito, gone. Well, I drive back, inform the girl at the drive through about the mishap and am told it will be immediately corrected. Cool. Whatever. I kust wanna go home. Well, I get the burrito and taco and head home. Guess what! Wrong effing burrito! Back I went to finally get the correct food. By the time I got home, MY tacos were soggy, my tostada was soggy and everything else was cold. Meal... ruined. Don't go to this location unless you hate yourself.
4	Decently quick service in the restaurant and seem well staffed. Bathrooms are clean and that always earned a star in my book. Tacos... well its taco bell
