2	Meh. It just seems Gamestops in general have gotten worse and only worth it if you're trading in probably. We were the only adults in there and it was a busy Sunday with a bunch of parents and kids there...most older parents like that don't play games and don't really know about pricing and just want to do right by their kid. I remember a time where you'll see a bunch of gamers in here but the fact I don't anymore says a lot. More steals your money than deals. A pre-owned game is priced like $5 less than brand new so there isn't much of a savings. A used/refurbished PS3 stack on the floor had two prices on it $299 and $249 (assuming for a lesser GB or older body one)....seriously- for $299 you can get it new, with a game bundle at Costco or Sams Club. I rather just buy new in that case. We've gone back a few times but now always leave empty handed. That tells me that it's not what it used to be if before we would at least find a few games with a good price. I think this was our last visit.
2	I'm gonna have to agree with the other reviewers on this one. I just recently moved to LV and GameStop is one of my favorite places to be since I'm a gamer. So naturally I decided to stop in and check out the location. I was looking for a specific product this fine day and when I asked the guy at the counter if they had it he seemed very disgruntled that I wanted to know if they had this used product in stock. I know they were a little busy at the time, but a vague knowledge of their inventory could have saved a little hassle here. I guess I shouldn't hate since this is my first time visiting this location, but it was just kind of rude how I was handled and that made me want to write a review.
5	Great selection of games in my opinion.
4	I usually come here to trade in my no longer needed games. If you are a rewards member you can usually get an extra few bucks for used games and get used games a bit cheaper. If you do a lot of transactions this way the membership pays for itself and it comes with a video game magazine subscription. You can sell recently released games on eBay and usually make a few more dollars. Selling older games usually will land you the same price as a trade in, when you factor in shipping and the fee eBay charges to sell their stuff. As a rewards member they will have a lot of promos and sales exclusively for you. If you're patient you rack in on some great deals.The employees have always been nice to me and they know their games. The store itself is packed with as many games and accessories as they can allow. As most of my friends and nephews are hardcore gamers a gift card from here has always helped around birthdays and holidays.
1	This place is a joke staffed by idiot power tripping pimple faced kids. I went into this store to buy a game for my son. It is rated M and they insisted that I show them my ID. I said that's not necessary as you can CLEARLY tell I'm over 18. I'm actually 40. They REFUSED to sell me the game unless they could power trip and look at my license. I told them they could stick the game up their ass and I would NEVER be back into the store or allow my son to step into another Gamestop. These idiot little power tripping fools guarantee this!!!
2	Don't bother coming here unless you need a last minute gift.
3	As a whole, I find just about all Gamestop stores are average-ish.  I mean, some have better service than others, and some have a more modern look.  Honestly?  Coolest Gamestop I have seen so far has been the one in the Universal City Walk in CA.  That place rocked with props!I really don't normally come to Gamestop for anything but to peruse the box art for games that I want to buy in the future for a cheaper price.  Yes yes, I am also a member of the Cheap @$$ Gamer website so I rarely ever buy a game on release for full price.  My backlog of games is ridiculous, I buy them then they just sit on the shelf unopened for months.  At the very least I have the comfort of knowing just about all my games were bought between 50-75% off retail.  I also buy majority of my games from another store like Best Buy or online at Amazon (no tax baby!).  It's just simpler for me.  The only time I make an effort to go to Gamestop is when I see a collector's edition of a game go on clearance.  It's rare when that happens and when it does I'll give my local Gamestop a go.  Other than that I just don't see much appeal of going here.Trade games?  Please!  Gamestop makes a killing off buying most of your old games for pennies on the dollar.  Then they go and mark it back up like 300%!  It's like highway robbery!  I don't think I've traded games into Gamestop since I got rid of my old Nintendo 64 stuff to make way for a Sega Dreamcast (that's old skool for you younguns').  Even back then I remember feeling ripped off.  But I rarely trade games in and I'm not sure why (I probably love seeing my IKEA bookshelf full of games instead of books).  The last trade in I made was to Amazon, and I actually thought I got a fair deal on the trade.  Took a little longer to fill out a form and get a shipping box, but it was worth the value I was getting for my games.    Gamestop just doesn't appeal to me much now-a-days.  In fact, the last time I went in store I was actually looking for the latest release of the Walking Dead toys.  And as such, no luck.  But of course I was mildly harassed to join their PowerUp Rewards club to receive 'special offers' and 'discounts' not given anywhere else...BLAH BLAH BLAH.  It's probably worth it if you're a hardcore gamer that only shops at Gamestop, but for me it is just a hassle.The best thing about this Gamestop is that it's located right next door to my local comic book store, Maximum Comics.  At least I can go in there and do something a liitle more eventful with my time!
1	This Gamestop is a joke.I bought a new game from this place, but they only had an open-case game, so they put a sticker on it to tell if the case was opened or not. I decided that I didn't want the game without even opening it. I made sure the sticker was intact.I go back to return the game, they open it right in front of my face, and they tell me that I can't return it because the sticker was ripped. I tell them this is a joke, and I did not open it and they did. They still me after a couple minutes of arguing that I cannot return it, only trade it in. I got tired of arguing and I just traded it in. I did not want to deal with them. I walked out of the store disappointed.Moral of this story: never shop at this Gamestop, ever.
4	My son loves this place, and they have always done right by him. They often have free promotions and they always have a good selection for the kiddos and adult gamers. The staff is always helpful and polite...even to us non-gamers.
4	I give...this store four stars. I'm a fan it's true. You have at this location happy friendly staff who are more than willing to help you and order items for you. I own just about every system so Gamestop is my place to shop. Just give me kind staff and my life is mo better! Each time I enter I have knowledgeable staff at my finger tips so I'm as happy as a fish in water.
4	I recently acquired a Playstation 3 and wanted some new games. As soon as we walked in, one of the guys who was working, Sean, came over right away to see if we needed any help. He assisted my boyfriend with all of his random questions about different games and the different systems. He was so helpful. He even recommended some games for us to try, although I didn't like the one he suggested, Family Guy. Game Stop has a 7 day return policy if you don't like the game, so I will be going there tomorrow to return that one. They have a big selection of new and used games for Playstation, Xbox, and Wii consoles. They test all the used games to make sure they work before they put them on the floor for sale. After all was said and done we got 3 games between the 2 of us, and Sean was cool enough to give us a discount so we saved like $10. I will be back.
