1	Horrible everything.  The unfriendly service, the booths that are falling apart, overpriced bland food.  Go across the street to Roliberto's.
4	Kenny L. has been obsessed with Carne Asada fries since forever. Seriously.I've heard the glory of carne asada fries and the need to go to San Diego to get them for must of the 4 years we've dated.For the uninitiated, carne asada fries are like cheese fries with carne asada on top. Or nachos made with fries. It's an easy enough concept, but we haven't see it any place lately.So when we were in PHX for a wedding and stopped into Filiberto's for a snack, he was thrilled to see Carne Asada fries on the menu. And I was thrilled to have his multi-year craving satisfied for a while.The fries were good - crispy, not soggy under the load of the toppings. The meat was flavorful, and with the salsas, it became delicious.The space is nothing special. I think it's probably been 5 different restaurants, and the current owners didn't make any improvements. But the food is good. And they had Kenny L's beloved carne asada fries.
3	This is a solid place for late night food.  It is not much to look at.  The service is questionable.  The food satisfies your late night Mexican cravings.  It is also cheap.I ordered five rolled tacos with sour cream and cheese.  Rolled tacos are taquitos in my world.  You will need four or five rolled tacos to satisfy your hunger.  I think they come in five counts.  The taste is just OK.  A little hot sauce helps a lot.  You get a lot of cheese and sour cream.I tried a friend's quesadilla.  It was packed full.  The taste was decent.  Another item where hot sauce goes a long ways.
1	Filibertos has always been bad but this location is the worst of all. Their service is unfriendly and their food SUCKS.I have eaten there twice. The first time I ordered a chili relleno combo. The chili relleno was cold. The beans and rice were flavorless.The second time my husband picked up a couple breakfast burritos. Mine was supposed to be an egg and cheese, no meat. It was loaded with their disgusting pico de gallo (mostly onions) and had bits of meat in it. So frustrating. Filibertos is bad and they know it. But they will never close down because of the drunk asses that crave bad Mexican food in the middle of the night.Filibertos is one of those few places in Arizona that give Mexican food a bad name. Shame.
1	Well in the end not all Filiberto's are alike. I came here for a late lunch, around two-thirty. The outside had a modern look, similar to the one on Indian Bend, near the 101 Loop. Once inside, I noticed the walls were bright and freshly painted (photo).  The seats however were dilapidated. Almost every single one was ripped, with exposed cushions and springs. One had a jagged piece of metal sticking in the air.The food on the other hand was good standard Mexican fair. I had two huge bean burritos, which were filling and made on a flaky grilled tortilla.  They were only $5.28 before tax. There is nothing wrong with the food, or the employees. They were all very nice and friendly!  Too bad they have to work in such a dump. The owner needs to blowout the seating and take a little more interest in the store!  I might be back, but only at the drive-thru window.  I should have gone to Los Betos across the street. Ugh!
2	Let me start by writing I love their breakfast burritos.   My wife and I went inside and ordered two.   We waited, and waited, and waiting.....    watching cars come and go through the drive through.  After twenty plus minutes, I went to the counter to inquire about my order - it was not ready.   I asked the clerk if drive through customers  get served first?  She did not respond, but the crowd of people inside waiting for their food were all nodding.  I asked for my money back which they promptly provided.   No apologies however, and the cook in the back was glaring at me which made me uncomfortable.   I will probably be back - through the drive..   They need to improve their customer service and processes.    We ended going to McDonalds and  we received our food promptly.
2	I have always liked Filibertos. When this one opened I was pretty excited. Sadly it has gone downhill. The machaca burrito is now a little bit of machaca and more onion and green pepper. Also Bertos was known for its complimentary salsa bar including carrots and jalapenos. Now the carrots are extra and they are horrible. Go across the street  for better food. Also the girl at the counter was about a surly as could be.
1	The food was dry , I ordered 5 mini tacos and it was just carne Asada on tortillas .no pico de gallo or cilantro just meat . Ill never go there again
1	I have been eating a several Filiberto's over the years on and off. But I HAVE HAD IT with this location! Second time where the service was terrible! And now I see other people's reviews and must agree, i held back the first time from writing something negative. The girl at the window (FIRST POINT OF CONTACT) Dania, is rude, sarcastic and talks about you like you aren't in front of her in spanish. (she didn't know i also spoke spanish) And she just laughed in my face. The guy in the kitchen had to come out! I had a coupon(first time) and gave it at the window and was rejected "with crappy attitude" and said that it couldn't be taken because the manager wasn't there. WHO DOES THAT? Why would you handle a coupon like that? Maybe you should write on the coupon "ohh  yeah BTW if you wish to cash this in, please come between "x" days and "x" hrs. because that is when the manager will be here, and forbid she went to the bank or something. YOUR SCREWED! Anyway... that's the LAST TIME i go to that place by myself and will share with my friends! I wouldn't have minded paying full price. It was the LOUSY ATTITUDE since I first talked to her! Sorry for the owner who i just found out doesn't even go in to check that often. Maybe someone should go on "Undercover Boss" Maybe have those guys in the kitchen that work the hardest that do try and speak Spanish and are friendly be in the front!
4	99 cent taco Tuesday.Its a great deal...
1	wow.  used to so much like the ones by us in central phx expected so much more.  no chips, you have to pay for them.  no marinated carrots, you have to pay for them.  poor customer service young girl started an attitude when we brought these questions up to her.  tea was out.  cashier kept disappearing in the back and kept us waiting every time we asked for something that we expected to be offered in all the other fillibertos. we should have taken a hint when the parking lot was empty at 5pm
2	I normally come here on Wednesdays after I get out of school for their 99cent bean burritos. I've had some decent luck with this location but it's all at complete random chance.  Tonight I ordered a couple of bean burritos and a quesadilla.  When I got home the tortillas were stale and hard as a rock.  You had to peel off half of it because it was just too dry to eat.  I personally think that it's unacceptable for a cook to make multiple burritos and wrap them in tortillas that are obviously meant for the trash can and not for customers. There are also days when I go here and order the same thing and they are fresh as can be.  Super soft and taste like they were just made.  I don't know what I expect from going to a berto though.  It's always a chance to get really bad food or really good food.  You know you can't call and complain because odds are no one there will care enough to do anything about it or they won't be able to understand English over the phone.
1	I love Filibertos but wont gobhere again! I love a good burrito gut buster but added non food items could be downright dangerous!
1	Let me preface this by I LOVE FILIBERTOS- the location on Indian School & 30th St and 7th St & Thunderbird and I have fond memories of one in Tempe on University. This one on 32nd St & Greenway is bad. Just bad. I've only used their drive through so the wait time was fine, but they consistently get my order wrong (no pico de gallo) and have even not been given my credit card back leading to the typical credit card replacement drama.
1	Ate there early this morning they, wait let me start off and say I had two burro's and two horchata's $17 bucks, rip off!! 2nd... the burro was not bigger, then a taco bell burro. I have been too plenty of Filli b's and this place just robs you. Usually the burro is like a baseball bat, the big end this burro was like a pencil. Then top it off $17 bucks, I could of got three pizza's at Hungry Howie's for that price!!!!!!!!!!  Rip off...... Alert !!!!!!!!! Explain to girl in drive thru window,she basically LOL !!!
1	I love this place, but tonight was definitely a deal breaker. Someone who works there had both of their young kids, about 6 and 5 years of age, running around the restaurant, they were back by the grills and behind the counter. Who knows what they touched and got in my food...kids are dirty. Also, the people who worked there were giving out free food to many different people and the kids. I understand that this is a Mexican restaurant, but these like are very racist. My boyfriend sat there waiting for about 15 minutes for our food, and a Hispanic woman came in and got her large take out order within minutes. As good as their food is, tonight definitely changed my opinion on this location.
3	Decent food and prices, but there are other places nearby that provide higher quality at a lower price.
1	"What is in the chicken burrito?""Chicken.""Just chicken?""Yes.""No rice, no - JUST chicken?""Yes mam.""What's in the california burrito is it fries and guacamole and cheese?""Yes.""Can I have a california burrito with chicken?""Yes."8 dollars later. Drive home.Gross california burrito made with steak.Tastes like frozen French fries and canned guacamole and chuck wagon beef.Nasty.
