5	THIS IS ONE OF THE PLACES YOU CAN COME TO GET ONE OF PARIS' INFAMOUS EIFFEL TOWER DRINKS!$14.99!Strawberry MargaritaStrawberry DaiquiriPina ColadaYour choice of either getting it in the big tall plastic eiffel tower containers or their souvenier balloon glass cup. Both have the same amount of alcohol content but since the souvenier balloon glass is smaller, the amount of strawberry or pina colada they put in there is less. The alcohol comes out of plastic bottles which equates to pretty crappy alcohol but if it gets me drunk with only having spent $14.99, then I'm totally game.
5	Great quick friendly service, inside is a different story!. They don't skip out on the alcohol either. Great tower drinks!.
4	I have been wanting to get one of these vegas infamous Eiffel tower drinks when i saw all my friends taking pictures with one!They have raised their prices to $16.99 for one.  They have 3 flavors: Strawberry Margarita, Strawberry Daiquiri, and Pina Colada.You can also mix 2 or all 3! Also, you have a choice of either getting it in the big tall plastic Eiffel tower containers or the souvenir balloon glass cup.  i got the Eiffel tower container because I thought it looked HUGE. and it IS! I got the Strawberry Daiquiri and it was DELICIOUS! The alcohol content was too much for me since I'm a light weight. BUT the Strawberry Daiquiri tasted like a strawberry slushy so I downed it within 15 minutes. NO BUENO! It got me buzzing really quick! I learned my lesson, next time, I'm going to take my time and enjoy it!
5	We went to Vegas a weekend in July. When I walked past this bar, I knew I wanted one of the Eiffel tower or Paris ballon drinks. I end up getting the Strawberry Daiquiri and it was great. Plus its a souvenir. The guy that made our drink, pour a lot of alcohol. And the sidewalk bar is open til 11pm.
1	Nasty!!!Got the strawberry daquiri and it tasted way too strong, with a TERRIBLE aftertaste! Also, the guy working there was so stingy. He wouldn't let us taste-test any of the stuff so I got unlucky here.  Also, overpriced... $16.99. Booo. But not going to lie, this stuff was pretty strong, but filled with nasty, cheap alcohol. I also tried my friend's pina colada, and it wasn't any better. Stick with fat tuesdays (http://www.yelp.com/biz/fat-tuesday-las-vegas-2). And sad part is, I accidentally left my Eiffel Tower souvenir in the hotel room :(
3	I saw tons and tons of people walking down the strip with this cute Eiffel  tower and we just had to have one. On our last day there we had way too much time to kill so we decided to go on a search for the drink. We found it on the side inside of Paris hotel, right next to the buffet. It's about $17 but its pretty darn big so I couldn't complain.. I had a mix of strawberry daq and pina colada. Tasted good and I could taste the alcohol so I knew I was gonna be feeling in half way through. I indeed did, but it probably wasn't the best idea when you have no where to take a nap.. lol I still have the cup and it is taking up space but it is cute nonetheless.
2	Yuck! It's vegas and I wanted an eiffel tower drink but never again! I'll stick with Fat Tuesday. But if you want to get drunk within minutes, this drink definitely does the trick.The drink itself is disgusting. I got the strawberry daquiri b/c I didn't want any tequila. But I mean the drink got me drunk within minutes but I felt like shit. Plus, it costs $16.99 for it. I almost would have rather paid for the eiffel tower and had Fat Tuesday filled it up instead. At least their alcohol doesn't get me feeling extremely shitty for the next two hours. Also, the alcohol wasn't even proportionally mixed in. The dude basically pour alcohol at the bottom of the cup and then filled the rest of the tower up with strawberry daiquiri. I ended up pouring the last 1/4 of my drink. I couldn't drink anymore of it.Pass.Come here if you want the cup. For the alcohol? go to fat tuesdays.
2	We stopped by this little watering hole for some pina coladas and beers while exploring Paris Casino.  There was literally a napkin on the bar that said "Be back Soon".  We waited for about five minutes until the bartender finally strolled around the corner with a scoul on his face that could stop a charging grizzly.  Now, I've since done quite a bit of pondering as to what he was doing that was so important that he would leave a napkin on his bar during peak business and completely abandon the place.  I've narrowed it down to two scenarios: he either was severely constipated or he was in a fight with his girlfriend.  Regardless, it's the drinks that matter right?  Well, unfortunately there's not much going on in that area either.  Watery pina coladas that taste like rum and corn syrup, flavorless strawberry daquiris and a not so impressive beer selection put the icing on the cake of disappointment for this bar.  And, as you probably expected, our bartender friend seemed like he had a 10 foot pole shoved up his business end the whole time.  To their defense, however, if you're looking for large quantities of cheap girlie booze, 15 bucks for a giant eiffel tower full of pina colada is not a bad deal and makes for a good photo op.  Overall, I would recommend avoiding this place though.
4	Warning! The Eiffel Tower drinks will kick your ass! We bought 2--a daiquiri and a pina colada. The latter was much better. People can't help but stare as you walk around the strip with a massive alcohol and sugar-filled tower. Pro tip: hold your tower tight and don't drop it like I did.
1	Terrible. You'd think that being Paris & having the infamous Eiffel Tower drink would be worth it but screw that! Friends & I only came here because Fat Tuesday was closed at Caesar's & we wanted to get a fast drunk without walking all the way to PH--which we should've done anyway because this crap was disgusting.Wanted a margarita-strawberry daiquiri mix with a few extra shots, the homie at the bar said they were dry of margaritas. So instead, he proceeds to put SHOTS of tequila at the bottom of the tower & fill the rest with daiquiri. Wouldn't be a problem if the straw didn't take from the bottom first, or melt directly into the tequila later. Because finishing that tower was a mission that didn't feel good at all.Don't stop by unless you want the tower--sans the drink. Move on & get an OG Fat Tuesday because this will literally make you feel like a toilet.
5	It NEVER fails. Every single time I Co e to Vegas, I absolutely must stop buy here and get me a Eiffel Tower drink with an extra shot. MAN, this drink packs a serious punch. Call me a lightweight if you must, I can drink this one drink in its entirety and be drunk as heck for the night. It can put me right to bed.  You can get it in either strawberry daiquiri or pina colada. Both can take me where I wanna go. They make awesome drinks!
1	An Eiffel Tower-shaped drink is cool in concept, but in reality.....the design of it is not consumer-friendly!If you have limp, spaghetti arms like me, and drink slow, the Eiffel Tower drink will start getting really, really heavy when walking the strip.  I ordered the margarita strawberry daiquiri, and guess what...now i know, i'm not a fan of margaritas.  I like my mixed drinks to hide all traces of alcohol taste, yet still deliver the same drunken consequences and have me holding on to the ground to keep me from falling off the earth.  If you don't mind the taste, the drink does pack quite a punch.  I had to throw in ice cubes to dilute that bad boy.Tip of advice from a Vegas party veteran: Skip the Eiffel Tower. Grab the guitar or fat tuesday bong-looking drink, basically anything that comes with a STRAP!  We all know that the last thing you want to have to worry about while walking around inebriated is HOLDING ONTO YO DRINK!
4	OK!  Come here, get the souvenir and drink and head back to your room? Why you may ask? Because by the time you there you will be drunk.  Seriously, we bought our drink and walked across the street to Caesars.  By the time we made it to the Forum Shops we were DRUNK.  We had to take a cab back to the Paris.  Oh what fun.
4	Streetside drinks are all the same in LV, but you usually have to wait forever, and it's less in your novelty cup than you think.The Eiffel Tower cup here is like 1.5 litres of slushy goodness.  No line ever.  Cute little seats to watch the Bellagio fountain show.  I'm always surprised this little outside place is never busier.
3	This place is pretty damn cool.  Sure the drinks aren't top quality, but it's a touristy experience and you get a nice souvenir.  I asked for less alcohol so you don't have to get effed up if you don't want to.  Forego the plastic Eiffel Tower and get the ceramic Paris bowl instead.  Don't worry, you'll still have enough to share!  Try the pina colada mixed with the strawberry daiquiri.  Thank me later!
5	If you want a souvenir from Sin City, the Paris daiquiri "cup" beats out pretty much everything else out there, hands down.  Why?1. Yes, this is real porcelain.  Unlike all the cheapo clear plastic containers or champagne bottles with flaky gold paint that peels the instant you put your hands on it.  Of course this also means they're quite fragile, so try not to drop it after you get messed up.  And they're obviously on the heavy side!  More incentive to finish your drink faster.2. Everyone likes hot air balloons. Especially ones with straws sticking out the top.3. Street cred.  People were hollering at and toasting us as we walked down the Strip.  Many people also stopped us, wondering where to get this wonderful souvenir.4. For $17, the medium-sized balloon contains 32oz of daquiri (strawberry, lime, or pina colada).  Many other places charge more for a similar-sized drink, with no porcelain souvenir container attached!5. For $34, you can get a HUGE 100oz daiquiri balloon (drink included).  This thing is simply deadly.  I have been told that this is often too much for even 4 people to share.  If you value your liver and pancreas, do not try to finish this yourself.  With that said, this is one seriously epic souvenir.  Hopefully you brought along an extra suitcase.6. We watched the guy behind the booth.  He was just pouring entire bottles of booze straight into the top of the slushie machine.  Glug glug glug *opens another bottle* glug glug glug.  My friends and I were giggling watching this guy work.  No watering down here.  The daiquiris are STRONG.  Disclaimer.7. Refills for the medium-sized one are only $10.  Yay!8. For the weak, there is a small-sized balloon size available, but why would you want that?  People will laugh at you and your weak liver.Highly highly highly recommended.  If you don't drink, buy one anyways and have your buddy finish your drink for you, then bring the balloon home.  Everybody wins~
1	My boyfriend and I saw people walking around with the Eiffel tower and hot air balloon cups and wanted them.Pros:Cups are cool designs and make great souvenirsCons:Our drinks tasted terrible (pina colada and strawberry daiquiri), I wound up throwing out most of the drink and saving just the cupHot air balloon cup top isn't very secure and turn me into a sticky messNext time I go to this place, it'll only be to get another cup to replace the one that broke in my luggage.
