5	Awesome store with lots more than you would expect from a bookstore. They have a great selection of magazines including a fabulous selection of archeology and ancient history magazines. They also have tons of women's interest magazines and a great selection of post cards. I also picked up a cute tote bag here with a Baudelaire quote. They have an assortment of  tote bags with other quotations. They also have a random selection of reusable shopping bags, household goods like plates and bottles, luxury bath goods and a ton of pens, journals and stationary. Their ancient history selection was very good for Egypt and Greece but really lacking much about Rome (sad). You could spend hours in this store browsing all the cool magazines, books and stuff for your home. Highly recommended and it's open far later than many of the other shops on the street.
5	Stopped in again here last week. Still love this place. Mathieu is correct in that there is a large focus here on items that are not books or magazines (there really is a lot of random stuff, some of which could make for a cool gift for some one in the US). Personally, I don't really mind all that. I did pick up a great guide here on Quebecois French, as I am trying to familiarize myself with its differences from the French of France. Their magazine selection is great and I've found the staff to be quite helpful.
4	Fantastically practical. They may not have the biggest English book selection in town, but it's very well situated and open quite late.
4	Not the most complete book store on the island. But it's the only big one in the area and it's open until 10pm so who's complaining!?!?
4	I loved this bookstore. It felt more like a department store than just a bookstore with all the cute displays and housewares for sale. Loads and loads and loads of books. Mostly in French but a nice English section. If you're a fan of graphic novels and speak French then this is a place you simply must visit. I have never seen such a huge and varied selection. They had several beautiful post card displays (a must for every visit) and while there were loads of people you never felt like it was too busy to browse and enjoy the displays.
1	We were super excited to check out the magazine selection in CA... Coming from the states we get very few forward/modern magazines. The minute we stepped into the magazine section at this location the bookkeeper was incredibly rude. He was swooping in front of your face, grabbing a zine, throwing it here, whipping his cart around, getting 1 inch from your toes...  I mean, I couldn't believe how rude. It was like no one was in his store, we were all invisible and he was rushing to get some task done before the world ended. We wanted to buy some zines but put them down and ran out before we got plowed over.
