2	Sushi is ok but rolls are small and service is really slow.  I ordered 3 rolls, it took 20 minutes to get the first one, and they served them one at a time. It wasn't crowded, I was the only one at the sushi bar.   Go to Ginbu 401 instead.
2	Okay. My husband and I went here because we found it on restaurants.com. It is located in a busy shopping area and draws in a crowd. The sushi chefs were friendly and greeted us the moment we walked in the door. The atmosphere was good. The staff were fast and my glass was never empty. However, the food was unremarkable. Meh. I've experienced better.I'm glad that we used a gift certificate because I would not have been happy to pay the full price. It's not that it wasn't a good place; I think many people enjoy it since it seemed pretty busy. It just didn't impress me enough to want to go back.
2	It was just okay.  We've been to numerous Sushi restaurants in Charlotte, Davidson & Asheville, and this was probably our least favorite out of all of them.  It wasn't "bad"..just very boring.  We have another restaurant.com coupon from the Ayrsley restaurant so maybe that will be better.
3	This is a pretty nondescript little sushi spot stuck on in a suburban strip mall.  As others have noted, this isn't a hopping scene by any means.  But if you want consistently good sushi, you can do much worse than this in Charlotte.Service is almost always a bit slow, but there is no doubting the friendliness of everyone who works here.If you have kids and love to eat sushi (especially if you have kids WHO love to eat sushi), this is a good standby.
4	I  noticed Mai on a recent trip to the Harris Teeter at the shopping center at Colony and Rea Road.  I live in Ballantyne and thought I would give this a try, since it is close to home.  I am always looking for new neighborhood places.  I asked a good friend and fellow sushi lover to meet me for dinner.  We both found the place cozy and were greeted when we walked in the door.  The staff was friendly,  the service a bit slow.  Mai has specials every night.  Monday was specials on domestics, and Tuesdays are half-price wine by the glass.  Kids under a certain age eat free during the week.Mai also offers complimentary California Rolls or Edamame while you wait.  What a great touch.  We ordered edemame and found it quite nice. The menu was quite varied.  As well as sushi, included hibachi and tempura,  Udan and Bento Boxes, etc.   My friend found the sushi menu included several tempura rolls that her kids would love.  I had a difficult time choosing an appitizer from the selection.  We ate Gyoza, Spider Roll, Tempoura Roll and Shrimp Shumai.  My friend's oldest daughter ended up joining us later and had the tempura California roll and part of our dinner.  We all enjoyed our meal and the atmosphere.  I would definitely return to try out more from the menu and enjoy the atmosphere.  It was interesting to note that there were several Japanese people that came in while we were there.My friend wants to bring all four of her children and husband back too, since they are sushi lovers and the location is so convenient.  I would definitely recommend you try out Mai at least once if you are in the area.
2	place was dead compared to the Lodge 2 doors down.  We were one of 2 couples there.  Miso soup was really salty - my fiance's hibachi chicken was dry.  tempura is par and hibachi steak cooked to order, although not much on the plate, compared to the chicken, which was probably a large breast.  So you get a large plate of dry chicken and a small plate of good steak.  My dish was $25, for a $12-15 plate.Thank God I had my restaurant.com coupon so I paid half price!
4	Yoshi at Mai (pronounced Mi) is an artist. Sushi is always good, always consistent, always presented well. A real plus is that they have live music on Tuesday nights.
5	Excellent sushi! Friendly fast service! I will definitely go again!
4	I am a fan and will be back! Since, I moved here from California I've been to five sushi places. Mai Japanese Sushi Restaurant has been "BY FAR" the best. I've been eating sushi since I was a little girl so I admit I know my stuff. I've been to Japan and I've tried just about everything. Still to this day nothing will beat Sagami Sushi in Collingswood, New Jersey --- but that my friends, is for another story. What brought me to Mai Sushi was a restaurant.com gift card from my good friend. She said it is her favorite place here in the Charlotte area and wanted to be sure that we got there at some point. After months of having this piece of paper I decided it was time to use it. Thank goodness for that!Mai Sushi is tucked away in a shopping center right off of Rea Road. The restaurant is quiet, clean and not too overwhelmingly large. There is a sushi bar if you choose to sit and watch the sushi chef practice his culinary skills, and there are booths and tables galore if you'd rather focus on the company you came with.We choose to sit in a quiet booth very close to the sushi bar so we could still take in all the action. We were waited on by an incredibly friendly waiter named Phat (pronounced Fat) who made the experience a truly special one. He let us take our time and explore the menu and also suggested his favorites. I always appreciate it when a waiter gives that extra personal touch to make you feel like you're family. We decided to go all out since we had this extra 25-dollars rewarded to us, from our friend, over the holidays. My goal for this restaurant was to check out the sushi and if it was great make sure to come back and order the Chirashi the next time. Chirashi is an assortment of sashimi (just fish) perfectly cut and placed over a bed of slightly warm vinegared rice. That's what I'm getting next time. As for my most recent experience ...Here's what we ordered:Edamame: which are boiled soybeans in their pods and then lightly salted and served in a bowl. (they were delish and honestly if they weren't we would have known we were in deep trouble. It's very hard to mess up edamame)Agedashi: YUMMY, YUMMY, YUMMY!!!! This is 4 pieces of lightly deep fried tofu in a lighter form of a tempura based batter. The tofu is stacked beautifully in a bowl and garnished with a clear brown mushroom sauce. THIS WAS SO GOOD ... I FORGOT TO TAKE A PICTURE OF IT! Mmmm the sauce is clear and delicate. It's the same color as a ponzu sauce but tastes totally different. It's was amazing!We also both got miso soup which was perfectly salty and just the right temperature.For dinner we choose to get mainly an assortment of the cleaner sushi rolls ... meaning the non-fancy ones. Here's the dinner order.(2) Tuna rolls (I requested for them to be made in the traditional style with the nori/seaweed on the outside) ---- These were perfect. They tasted clean, the tuna was a deep burgundy color and it melted in your mouth. (1) Yellowtale roll (I requested it to be made with scallions) --- The fish was very fresh and the perfect light pink to a light tan color. It tasted just right and sat perfectly in our bellies.(1) Vegetable roll (this is made with the nori on the outside and has cucumber, lettuce, asparagus, avacado, carrot and sesame seeds on the inside as well as the rice) --- This was nice and fun for a change. It was made just as I would have visually imagined it from the description. And with that said, I probably won't get it again since it didn't give my mouth the refreshingly earthy punch I was expecting. Good ... but not exciting enough for me.(1) Rainbow Roll (this is a California roll topped with various fish like salmon, tuna, yellowtail, cooked shrimp and a few others) --- This was really good and very filling. The presentation of it was pretty and it settled perfectly in my belly. Yum, yum, yum.(1) Sake/Salmon Sashimi (this is three pieces of just the fish perfectly cut and placed over a bed of string carrot garnish) Mmmm ... this was good and tasted as fresh as fish can be in Charlotte, North Carolina. I saved this for last bite and I am happy I did. The salmon tasted clean, fresh and buttery. It was very easy to bite through and was a perfect last bite choice before moving onto dessert. YES, WE GOT DESSSERT TOO! I know I said we were going all out so we shared a scoop of Green Tea Ice-Cream. YUM! I love the grittiness of green tea ice-cream. It has the perfect sweetness without distracting from the green tea flavor. LOVE IT!To drink we sipped on hot tea throughout the meal. All in all, our experience was superb! I only gave Mai "four out of five" stars because I haven't seen it's full potential yet. So it didn't wow me to a standing ovation. Hopefully, once I am back and order the Chirashi dinner I will be able to change my four stars to five. This love affair at Mai Sushi is not over. We will be back! Thanks Phat for making the experience so wonderful
1	The place was dead at noon, never a good sign.  I ordered the philly and spicy tuna rolls, and whilst I dined, I thought it was pretty good.  However, it's now about 2 hours after lunch and I'm hurtin... all sorts of gross stomach issues I won't share, but let's just say, I won't be returning.
2	It has been awhile since I last ate here but I sense that there has been a change in ownership recently. The sushi chef that was there before (think his name was Yoshida) was not there on my last visit.  To me the food was not the same as before. Rice and quality of fish was not the same as before.
4	Really a nice place to go to in Charlotte for a cozy atmosphere, friendly people, and delicious food with good portions. Ignore the number of customers and walk in to a wonderful meal. They just had a change in owners the last year so this may account for some of the wide difference of opinion. Complimentary sushi was wonderful. Great food, nice place. Will go back soon!I did not give it a five star since it would benefit from more Japanese decor to set the mood.
4	This is a great value for some delicious Japanese food.  We ordered a variety of appetizers (all were delicious) - edamame, pork dumplings, onion soup, ginger dressing salad.  I had the steak entree which was really delicious...similar to what you would get in hibachi restaurant with veggies and rice. The interior is small and not too fancy, but the prices are great!  We will be back for sure.
2	What a true disappointment. First, the waiter was very rude & with no one else in the restaurant it wasn't like he was busy! I started with the miso soup & ginger salad. The soup was ok, hot is the only good thing I can say. Although the ginger dressing was good, it was so watery that the lettuce was drenched. After for the sushi, so disappointing. The salmon nigiri was decent, as for the tuna roll, ugh! It tasted very fishy & I was unable to eat it. When I was asked if I wanted it wrapped I expressed the fact that it was bad, and was left ignored. I received the bill, $22.00, for lunch, huh? The two bills for price is so wrong. A little pricey for lunch! Will not return!
4	Very solid neighborhood sushi place. We always get take-out and have never been disappointed.
3	Thought I had reviewed Mai but apparently not.  A very fine Japanese that happens to have sushi rather than the reverse.Nice selection and even my non seafood eating wife can find good choices on their menu.Fresh, neatly presented, perfectly cooked everything.  Having lived in Japan for a few years I am burned out on soya sauce flavor, so am not as whoopie as most reviewers.  That said, Mai does it well...Genki des and diajobu.  All OK.Service is genuine and the sushi masters usually greet whomever walks in the door, serving to alert the wait staff to latch on to new eaters.Fun for groups and there are usually a number there.  In the Harris Teeter shopping center off Rae Road.  An excellent shopping center for food, so Mai fits right in.Even if you are a little scared of Japanese food, Mai is the place to safely break the ice.  Sample everything served and they accept that not everyone likes everything, but to not even try is very insulting.
