5	This is a five star place, no doubt.  Good for people who don't eat meat. good for people who love meat....how is that possible? This is a small operation, family vibe all the way, with wonderful lunch and dinner options.  I have personally had: the vegetable sunsubeck (i am totally spelling that incorrectly) which is veggies in a phyllo; mezza (appetizer with hummus, babganosh, cheese, pitas, etc); falafel; lemonade (awesome!) and the walnut baklava.  All of these items were good to excellent.  This is by far one of my favorite middle eastern food places in the world, even better than the Shwarma King in Bratislava, Slovakia...no joke!   I have taken people to Sahara who afterwards raved about the lamb tikka.  I have never cooked or eaten  lamb, but my friends tell me it is a difficult meat to prepare so that it is not tough and that the lamb here is excellent.  Just passing the word along, good thing this is not Law and Order or else that last statement would be stricken from the record for being here-say...or something clever that Jack McCoy would come up with...ooops..i digress..There are three different kinds of baklava...let me say that again:  THREE KINDS O' BAKLAVA:  pistachio, walnut and almond.  The honey and rosewater in the baklava really puts it over the top.  Oh and did I mention that it is moderately priced, lunch under $10, dinner for two under $40 with drinks, appetizer and desert.  Also has take out, take away, whatever you want...Okay let me give the rundown:Food:  awesomeService:  first rate, nice, warm, feels like homeAtmosphere:  busy, with people excited to be eating good foodWould I go again:  I might go tomorrow!Should you go:  yes x 100
4	The best cheap food ever!  I can personally attest to the Doum.... (the fava bean dip) the Kuku sandwich, the hummus, and the falafel, the Fetaita sandwich, and the veggie sambusek.  It is all so cheap!  It took me a year to realize that there was actually seating inside the building.  It's fun and quirky in there.  The service is friendly, though sometimes a little distracted... but it is a family run place and I like the non-hoveringNote:  They closed Oct 31 at this location because the property owner is selling and it is the future site of a CVS parking lot (booo).  I'll write back more when/if they find a new location.  I went there twice yesterday to say goodbye.  They said they might stay open a few days longer, but their lease is up and I ate the last of their Fool!
5	I love this place and was so sad when they closed down. From what I know they are about to open their new location. I don't know when, but it's located on Southern and McClintock.
5	Sahara is back on the NE corner of Mclintock and Southern, right by Nellos. The food is as great as it was at  Mill/University location. My favorite rice in the Valley.
5	I am so glad to have rediscovered Sahara at its new location! I've been on a quest to discover the best hummus in Phoenix and when this place closed at its old location, I was sure that the best stuff was gone forever! But it's back, still run by it's original Iraqi owner, and just as delicious as before. The tahini-rich hummus and babganoush are the best around and the grape leaves are stuffed with saffron rice and lots of herbs and spices. My favorite thing to do it order a couple of lemonades, the vegetarian platter, and one of the pits sandwiches (the kuku is pretty tasty) and share it all with a friend. The baklava isn't bad either. Oh, and it's cheap!
5	Used to frequent back at their old Mill Ave & University location. Same as it ever was--outstanding.Do yourself a favor and order a plate of Chicken Feta. You don't like this, you don't like butter on your biscuits.
5	This is THE best Middle Eastern food in the valley! I used to frequent their Mill location at least once a week and was crushed when they left. Now they are back and I can't wait to work them back into my routine!Their hummus is to die for, the Vegetable Sunbusek is AMAZING, I seriously think about their lentil soup all the time and I am pretty sure I could live on their Vegetarian Sampler Platter alone for the rest of my life. If you have not been here yet, you are missing out on one of the greatest locally owned Phoenix gems.
5	This is my favorite Middle Eastern Restaurant in Tempe. I'm so happy they reopened in their new location! My favorites are the Chicken Tikka, Veggie Sunbusek, and the soup. If you've never had Sahara lentil soup you need to go there now! It is to die for. The owner is always super friendly as is everyone else that works there. I highly recommend anyone to check this place out.
4	Start ssssspreeaaaddding the news..... Sahara is open again.....Sahara is now open at the corner of McClintock and Southern. Noticeablechanges include: a wider arrangement of paint colors on the walls andmore seating. Notable mainstays are all intact. I stuffed my facefor a song and the owner recognized me... and not for my recentappearance in one of the "52 weekends" photos in the February Phoenixmagazine...but for my previous patronage at Sahara. Patronize on, I will.  And maybe I'll start being a little more timely in my posting... since I started this one in January and it is now....April.
4	I am one lucky hummus-sasbi-falafel-lovin' chica to be able to be about a 7 minute walk to Sahara. It's worth the venture from far away places to seek out this jewel. It would be worth the gas anyway because it's inexpensive and 100% delicious. The menu is standard middle eastern fare with great vegetarian choices, but all consistently tasty. Since I'm such a carb fiend, I'll mention that the pita and rice are perfect.On top of serving up some super saucy dishes, the owner and family are SO incredibly nice and friendly. Your second trip there will feel like some rite of passage, because he'll recognize you and you'll feel like you're sitting at the family table. I'd probably feel like a bad person if I said the food didn't taste good because they are so nice. The comfortable setting, lovely staff and delicious food make this an altogether wholesome experience. Mmmmm.
5	Went on Friday night with a friend for dinner.  Ordered lemonade.  It was interesting but I wouldn't order it again.  Something about the rose water in it did not make it refreshing.  Then came out the babganouj and pita bread- just okay not nearly the best I've ever had.  It wasn't garlicky enough for my tastes.  Next was the lentil soup.  Oh.  My.  Gosh this was by far the best tasting soup I have had in my ENTIRE LIFE.  I will crave this constantly until I can return to have it again.  The thin little noodles and the yummy flavor in it.  yum!!  Next I had a falafel sandwich.  Was very good and well worth the less than $5 it cost.  I couldn't even finish it.I highly recommend eating here but you must order lentil soup!!
5	This restaurant was amazing.  Only one waitress at the time and had a bit of a delay in service but she was super friendly and the food was above and beyond outstanding!  Go here!
4	Just came back from lunch at Sahara.  The back of the menu has a great lunch deal.  I ordered the chicken tikka (spelling???).  I got to pick two sides so it was the hummus and salad.  My plate was full.  The chicken was so tender and moist and nicely spiced.  The hummus was perfect.  Delicious.  I devoured it first with the best pita bread.  The salad was great.  I am not sure what was in the dressing but it was good.Sahara is a charming little spot.  Our waitress was wonderful.  My date and I asked for spicy chicken and she saw to it that our mouths would indeed burn.  She even brought out tabasco, sriracha, and a home made hot sauce to increase the flames.  And to top it off our waitress happened to be beautiful.  Gorgeous, and I bat for the other team.  She said her grandmother was back in the kitchen and that the food on Sahara's menu is what she grew up on.  Lucky girl because the food is awesome.
5	Every time I come here, I always think, "Okay, I'll try something different this time." I don't. I always get the Vegetable Musakaa. Oh goodness, the eggplant is so tender, it just melts in my mouth. And it's served in an amazingly flavorful tomato-based sauce with garlic slices (roasted to the point of mellow flavor - nothing a simple mint can't solve after dinner) that I could eat every day for the rest of my life and never be able to tell you what combination of spices they use to make it so perfect. It (and every entree) comes with lentil soup (or salad, but I'm stuck in a food habit at Sahara) which warrants a paragraph on its own, or even a sonnet to fully convey my love for it, but this isn't the place for such intimate thoughts. Just be sure to have at least a cup.
4	The food:The reviews are true- the lamb kuzi is ridiculously good and a great buy.  It is tender, well seasoned and very generous in proportion.  They garnish with almonds and raisins and serve with a large portion of well-cooked (and high quality) rice.  I will echo other reviews that the vegetarian musaka is great but it was a definite second to the lamb if you're a meat eater.  If eggplant is your thing, it's salty, savory, good texture for the eggplant and just enough garlic.Atmosphere:The place was pretty empty while we were there- a Thursday night- but it was cute and comfortable.  Nothing high-brow but that's part of its charm.  Service:The owner, Ali, waited on us and was more than accommodating. If you're into supporting local businesses with charming owners, here is a another stop for you.   We told him we heard about the restaurant on Yelp and that seemed to excite him though he wasn't really sure what Yelp was.  In the end, he gave us a free baklava which my dinner date liked but I thought was a little too peppery.  It's not the traditional baklava (extra cardamom I believe) but he liked the spin on it.  I guess I'm boring enough to prefer something more traditional.All in all, a great experience- can't wait to go back to try more on the menu.  I'm sure it's all just as great of a deal and just as delicious.One Downside- for you drinkers, no alcohol.  I'm going to suggest a BYOB endeavor for Ali...
5	The Lamb kuzi was the probably the best lamb dish I have had at any restaurant ever.  The owner was great and very friendly.  We told him we were there for the first time and that we loved the food and he was so happy to hear the compliments that he gave us free baclavah.  Come support this great restaurant and its local owners!
4	I've been going here for a number of months now. Everything is consistently good, but my favorite is the chicken curry. Even the homemade dressing they use for the little side salads they serve is yummy! I'm also a big fan of the Chicken Tikka lunch special with hummus and salad. My husband can't get enough of the gyros. It's worth a visit if you like middle eastern food. They nail it here.
4	02/05/10Met three friends for lunch- a first-time visit for all of us.  Was pleasantly surprised to find that this restaurant had such a nice atmosphere-- pretty tapestries adorned the walls, and the windows had nice wooden embellishments.  (I was expecting another Haji-Baba-type venue bec. of the location.)  Our server, who struck me as either the manager or the owner, was warm and friendly, and even chimed in when he overheard us discussing a documentary on the food industry (Food, Inc.); I'm used to a curt greeting, head down, followed by a pen landing on an order pad.On to the food.  Kat and Kevin, both vegetarians, ordered a falafel pita and a sanbusek lunch platter.  Violeta H. and I ordered the chicken tikka platter (hers w/ rice and mine w/ salad).  All of the dishes looked wonderful!  The falafel pieces looked so delicious, I almost wished I'd ordered that instead until I saw the marvelous-looking plate of sanbusek that landed in front of Kevin, which made me wish I'd ordered THAT instead!  (I usually stay away from fried foods, especially at Middle eastern venues since many use corn oil for frying.)  They both found the dishes quite tasty and "easy on the stomachs," with only the complaint of the sanbusek's small portion size.  The chicken tikka filets looked moist, slightly charred at the edges, and had a beautiful amber-orange hue from the marinade used.  We all very much enjoyed the hummus!  One of the best I've tried in the valley (although Phoenix's Persian Garden Cafe and Chandler's Pita Jungle still top all the venues I've tried)!  I actually found the tikka to be a bit dry, yet still very tasty.  The salad was also delightfully crisp, the lettuce sweet, and the dressing light and zesty (really liked the cumin on top).Since none of them wanted to have dessert (we were all quite full and satisfied), I bought some walnut baklava to-go.  These pieces were ambrosial!  They were just the way I like them- phyllo still crispy, yet had just enough honey syrup to coat your tastebuds AND your fingers.  These were literally finger-lickin' good!  I wasn't surprised that these were made with a butter and margarine blend (I asked), which means I won't be ordering them again, but if this fact doesn't bother you, then by all means, you HAVE to try the baklava!
4	Sometimes I dream about this place. True story.You walk in, and although the decorations are a bit sparkly, don't let than deter you. The food is sure to put a smile on your face.Get the house soup. It's home-made orange (!) lentil lusciousness in a bowl. And get the hot chai tea.My choice for entree is the vegetarian curry, although they don't always offer that. When the Heavens part, though, and it's there, it's like something otherworldly served on a plate. It's got the after-taste of coconut milk (which they use), and is perfectly balanced with a creamy yet curry spice flavor.Their hummus is extra smooth and creamy, just like most of the rest of their food, which can only be good.And, oh, I could not dare forget the tiramisu. A huge (for reals) piece of this cake slapped on a plate, decorated with chocolate frosting, and only surviving for about the 8 or so minutes it takes to consume, this is just wonderful. The chocolate powder coats the roof of your mouth as the coffee liquor tickles your tongue. I think I'd better stop.Please visit this place. They were displaced from Mill Avenue after the drugstore CVS megaton dropped itself in its old location. It took them a while to re-locate, and that whole time I felt lost.I recently re-discovered this gem, and encourage all to enjoy it as do I. P.s. The ONLY reason why this doesn't have 5 stars is because, while not a bank breaker, this place is a bit pricey. Hard for me to really enjoy it when I'm thinking about the moolah I'll have to shell out in the end. But, lest we forget the slice of Heaven this place really is, hiding inside a strip mall, and all.
4	After reading the other reviews, my expectations came high.The hummus is great.  My gyros was good.Service was fast and efficient for lunch.
2	I've been to Sahara Middle Eastern twice. The first time that I went there, I really did enjoy myself. I went with a buddy for lunch, I had the gyro pita and he had the chicken schawarma pita. The food was delicious, served quickly. The food didn't last long on our plates; it was totally devoured after the first bite. The rice was great. everything cooked to perfection. I made a promise to myself to return again soon. So I did. The second time I went, I had talked another one of my friends into going. He's not the biggest middle eastern food fan, but he aquiesced and we went over. We show up, see the "Open" sing hanging in the door, the electronic open sign flashing in the window, pull the door, open, and walk in. We are promptly met and seated near a couple of people who were eating, by a woman who gives us menu's and a few minutes to pick out what we want; In the mean time she brought us some water. After we decide what to have, the owner, presumably, walks in from outside, looks at us, and walks over, and tells us that the restaurant is closed. We nervously glanced at each other, and because we thought he was joking, chuckled politely and placed out order. After all, we'd been seated, given silverware, menus, water, and time to decide what to eat. Well, turns out he wasn't kidding. And he apparently thought we were laughing maliciously at him. He grabbed my menu from my hands, told us to get out, that the restaurant was closed, pointed to the door,  and that we need to learn to read signs. Effectively, we were thrown out of the restaurant, and left without commotion or a word to him other than "ok, ok, we're sorry." Sorry for what, other than wanting to patronize a restaurant which I had previously enjoyed, I don't know. Outside, confused, we looked on the door, and saw the open/close times. They close at 2:45; we looked at our watches, it was 2:55. I can understand we walked in right at 2:45. I understand that the hours of operation were posted (albeit, in tiny print), and that we should have seen them. However, it is in Tempe, a college town, in the early afternoon. There were people inside eating. The open sign was showing, as well as the flashing neon sign. We were seated, given water. Only to be unceremoniously thrown out over what was a misunderstanding. The whole fiasco could have been handled better, and it has left a poor taste in my mouth. I won't be returning any time soon.Bottom line, yes, the food is delicious. I recommend the Gyro pita if you do find yourself here (It's the only reason I'm not giving them a 1 star). However, the treatment we received was completely uncalled for. We seem to be the only people who have received such treatment here, so I hope it was a fluke and the gentleman was merely having a bad day.
3	Went to this place based on Yelp's great reviews.  I'll make it quick and dirty:1.  The Lentil Soup is as good as advertised.  Best I have EVER had.2.  The waitress is indeed very cute, again repeating other Yelpers.4.  The basmati rice was top-notch.3.  The rest of the food was "decent" but far from "awesome."Pita Jungle has better food at similar prices.  If you want this type of food, other than the lentil soup, it's decent but not a must-stop spot.  I might go back just for that lentil soup.  Still making my mouth water 16 hours later.UPDATE 7-14-2011:Went back, and the lentil soup was only "Meh" this time.  I had thought that maybe it would be 100% consistent with my past visit and all the other reviews.  Unfortunately, I must have caught them on a rare "weak lentil soup" day.  I ordered two bowls and a cup ($10.85) before knowing it would be less than awesome.  Too bad.  So there's that - the possibility that the fabulous lentil soup might have bad days.
4	I've been eating at Sahara for years - even when it was at its previous location - and it's the best Middle Eastern cuisine I've ever had in the valley of the sun. The dishes are authentic and the restaurant has been owned by the same family for as long as I can remember...and they are very sweet people!I make frequent Sahara trips to pick up hummus with roasted chicken. The owner always thinks I'm funny for ordering such a "small" dish for a meal, but I promise him that it completely fills me up. Especially since they give me enough pita bread to finish the dish, which is important!Food for thought: My brother is incredibly picky about where he eats. Whenever he comes back to Tempe, Sahara is always his first stop.
3	After spending the afternoon fighting with the BoA I needed a break. I ventured into Sahara Middle Eastern Resturant, I've read the yelpish praise and was hopeful. What I was met with was a nicely decorated small cozy resturant with Middle Eastern music in the background that was peppered with seemingly happy customers, yup - yelp got it right yet again! Happy and excited I ordered some sprtie and poured over the menu. I decided on the lunch platter with gyro meat, salad and hummus with a side of falafels. I enjoyed myself and took calls feeling very power lunch-ish. lol The food came and it was good... but not drop dead, slap my momma good. The hummus was WAY better than that crap you get at the grocery store, but Baiz makes it better; the falafels were good, but Phoenican makes better, gyros were okay, but Oliveo's is spectactular. I was slightly underwhemled at first.It wasn't until I really started to think about describing this experience I thought of something: Sahara is consistently good, across the board. Which is really something, each of the aforementioned places have their weak points whereas Sahara didn't have any that I noticed. If there were one, I noticed the sole waiter pawned over some of the women while he ignored the rest of us, men included.... and he was a little pervy in doing so... So much so that I overheard a couple of women say that they love the food but the guy gives them the creeps.To my yelpers, I say: Overall, the food is consistenly good and I'm glad I had given this place a try and if you're a female dining alone or with just the girls, be prepared to be a little creeped out, I gotta admit, I kind of was.
4	The lentil soup and feta chicken are delicious but they have many more flavorful dishes. The grandma is always in the back cooking and the family is out front most of the time serving. They are very friendly people.  This is a great place.
4	Sahara's lamb shanks are to die for, the gyros are just ok and the salads are pretty bad. None of that really matters though because the lamb is some of the best out there. Stick to the lamb meal and you won't find anything to complain about.
3	Whoa, great-tasting-gyro-salad!!  I went here the other day as a sort of pit-stop before heading to Gold Bar when my friend and I realized we were all of a sudden hungry.  I had no idea this place was even here, but we discovered it just driving around looking for some 'refreshing' food.  (who really wants to eat a non-refreshing greasy pizza or fast food when it's freakin' 115 degrees outside?)  So glad we did!The place is clean, the food is good, the prices are reasonable (specials appear to be a daily thing here), and the service is pleasant and quick.  I'm sure I'll be back.
3	While not my first place to go for middle eastern fare, it is a place to keep in the rotation.  Tempe has no shortage of Middle Eastern food and this is one of the good ones.  The staff is very friendly, the food comes out quick and is quite tasty.  Better yet, it is less than 1/4 mile from my house.  I know many people recommend the lentil soup, which I tried based on the recommendations and I thoroughly enjoy.  They use red lentils rather than the green (?) lentils that seem more common.  In my experience, red ones are more mild and more delicate.I don't recall what entrees we got but it was tasty.  The only issue I had with this place once is that they randomly close early.  It could have been a single occurrence but I called to see if they were open after 8p, and he said no.  Then when I went in a few weeks later their hours say they close at 9p.  I have no problem with people closing when they aren't busy, but I would suggest making a phone call to check if they are open if you plan on going later in the evening.
4	I had take out tonight from Sahara's and it was of course, delicious. I've been eating here for over 15 years (way before they moved), and it's consistently very good. Their rice is fantastic, as are their grape leaves. The meat is always very good, whether it is chicken, gyro meat or their lamb shank. I'm not much into lentils, but I hear their lentil soup is delicious. I also appreciate their large portions and reasonable prices; it's great having left overs. If you are looking for tasty Middle Eastern food in Tempe, I definitely recommend Sahara.
4	Sahara is yet another great little Middle Eastern restaurant. Unfortunately for me, I never was as much of a regular as I wanted to be, but I enjoyed the food every time I got to go here. The decor in the new Sahara is definitely unique to Middle Eastern restaurants in Tempe; it's actually quite swanky and well maintained! Sahara's staff is also quite nice and have always been great to me. So, if you've gotten a chance to try Phoenecia and Haji Baba, and want to find another great Middle Eastern restaurant in Tempe, or you want to find a nice looking restaurant for a date, Sahara is it.
4	The owner is usually here and he is very friendly. I had the lentil soup that everyone raves about, it is good but mine is better! The fattoush is fab and the veggie dishes are all great. I always get the Mezza appetizer-  a plate of pure deliciousness!! Their tabbouleh is some of the best I have had. Great little place with good prices.
4	Lunch menu is best bang for your buck.   You can get a huge meal for $7.50.   Fantastic gyro and rice combo meal.    The lunch chicken was not that amazing.
4	This place is fabulous! The owner is friendly and attentive, and genuinely wants you to have a good experience. The falafel is quite tasty, and the chicken curry plate was also very good. I will definitely be going back.
3	Decent Middle Eastern food.  They have a nicely varied overall selection, and pretty good lentil soup.  I wasn't particularly wowed by my selection (the vegetarian combo), but I might go here again to try out some of their other dishes.  Until then, Sahara is just A-OK to me.
4	I love SAHARA! Their Sambusek is amazing--it's like a Middle Eastern pasty---I love Cornish, too, obviously ; ) Lunch Specials are incredibly cheap for a large portion. Excellent STRONG Turkish coffee......Get'r'done everyone!
5	The wife and I went on a Friday night, we had a great experience! The food was prepared well and the hummus was delish. The owner was a very gracious host. Highly recommended!
2	After trying the one in Gilbert several years ago, I was afraid to try this location. But I was hungry from fasting for a blood test and decided to try this location. I won't be going back.For the record, this is not the same owner as the one in Gilbert (as I found out), and the food was much better than the one in Gilbert. I ordered a chicken shwarma plate with a side of hummus - to go. Instead of warning me that there's no lunch plate available for shwarma, only pita wraps, I was charged for a full priced dinner.  Nice.  Thanks.The "dinner" comes with rice topped with a tomato sauce, salad or lentil soup and the shwarma. The shwarma had a great flavor, but was a little dry for my liking. The rice was overwatered, meaning it was mushy and they used too much water when cooking it. The tomato sauce they used to top the rice was good. What shocked me was that they put a small salad in the corner of my to-go box and the lettuce was covered with the warm rice and chicken. Gross. Soggy, warm lettuce. Ew. I cannot comment on the side salad I received because I forgot to tell him that I don't like creamy dressings and it was smothered in it.  My fault for not telling him.They don't make their hummus fresh. Their hummus has the consistency and taste of the canned hummus you can buy at Haji Baba's down the street. It was over salted (canning process!) and they used too much oil for the consistency. I threw away my lunch half way through. I can get better food elsewhere.If you are not familiar with Middle Eastern cooking, you will find this place good and charming. If you are familiar, I'm sure you know to steer clear of this place.
4	Totally authentic. Splendid.
5	I absolutely love this little Middle Eastern eatery. The service is great and the atmosphere is casual and intimate. God, you have to try the lentil soup, yes it is as good as everyone has been exclaiming. I will order that every time I go there. I always order falafel (vegetarian $9.95, fava and garbanzo beans deep-fried patties served with hummus, tabouli and pita bread) and it was awesome. My partner ordered the lamb roast ($14.95 tender chunks of boneless lamb in seasoned gravy over rice and topped with toasted almonds.) Everything was very flavorful and fresh. It is a bit of a shame that this place is kind of hidden with no real exposure. Great for vegetarians and meat eaters alike.
5	I am in a *DEEP* love affair with Sahara......I feel, there is nothing they could do wrong.....All the dips are super dank (the trio is a must), the Lentil soup really is RIDICULOUSLY DELISH(By far, the best I've ever had!), the lunch combo with Chicken Tikka, basmati sweetness, hummus, house salad-if feeding 2-add a veggie Sanbusek-uh double up uhh uhhhh! **The Lamb Kuzi totally rocked my face off with its tenderness & the pumpkin pudding.....oh the pumpkin pudding......Mmmmmm......reminiscing on past food experiences at Sahara makes me slip into a fuzzy, warm food coma....Sweet food laced dreams everyone! PS-I adore the owner, Ali, he is so sweet & charming-A truly gracious & proud owner-Thank you so much* XXOO
5	Its really that good.
3	I was invited by a couple who had a restaurant.com certificate.  It's nowhere near my usual stomping grounds, but I am always up to try new food!There was nothing wrong with anything we ordered.  It just wasn't exceptional.  The room is clean and well appointed.  Service was on the ball.The coffee was FANTASTIC.The three of us shared the appetizer combo.  Fresh, well presented - but lacking in real flavor.  Everything just seemed a bit on the bland and blah side.I was really not thrilled with my gyro salad - the meat was dry and tough - and it was a very yogurt based dressing instead of the classic oil/vinegar/herb blends I'm used to.  Plenty of romaine, feta, tomato, cucumber and a couple kalamata olives for good measure.My companions were happy with their dinners - and it did look and smell like the flavor that was missing in the appetizer may have been made up for in the grilled meats.The tiramisu one of my companions ordered from dessert was from the Costco freezer. She was sure of it, as that's the one she usally gets for her house.  She wouldn't have been as pissed about it if it was thawed by the time it reached our table.  I tried to make a joke of it - due the Phoenix heat, we have hybrid desserts - enjoy your Tiramisicle!  (Yeah, she didn't think it was funny, either.)All in all - not a horrible meal - but nothing I'd rush back for.  Especially with Haji Baba so close.  If I'm in Tempe and craving Middle Eastern - that's where you'll find me.
5	A-maz-ing food. Offering a board range of marinated meats and vegetarian/vegan courses, none of the entrees will disappoint, but be sure to opt for their lentil soup. Their babaganoush is also the best in the town. My parents and I have been going here for more than ten years, and the family who own this place are really amazing people and never fail to make their patrons feel welcome.
3	Tried this spot last weekend for lunch with my boyfriend and his sister. I ordered Hummus with Chicken, my boyfriend got the Lamb Gyro and his sister ordered the Feta, tabouli and vegie gyro and we ordered a Hummus appetizer.Ok, so the appetizer reminds me of a 'happy hour' appetizer. Ya know the one where you feel a lil jipped except here you're paying full price, so I was a lil disappointed. It was really good but, it was ity bity. As for his lamb gyro, he ate it up and said it was delish, the vegie gyro apparently was not up to par and she couldn't get through it. She said it seemed like some of the ingredients were still raw/undercooked as far as the veggies went.As for my hummus. It was good not great. It was exactly the same size as the appetizer hummus with a lil chicken in it. Flavor was good but the chicken was dry. I'm a huge fan of middle eastern food, but can't say I'm a huge fan of this place unfortunately.
4	Great soup!  Good service and yummy food!  Try something different to mix it up.
4	Went here for dinner with a group of four.  We were all very happy with our  food and service.  The chicken feta, the lamb tikka, and the lamb kuzi were all extremely flavorful (I could have gone with a little more sauce on the lamb kuzi, but that's just me).  For dessert, the carrot pudding hit the spot.  Great service.  We'll all be back.
5	One my favorite places. I always get the mezza platter to split and lentil soup. It's a perfect lunch. The owner is nicest man, he will always have a smile and remember you. I promise you will love anything you order. Also, their baklava is super yummy; and try the home made lemon aid it has hints of rosewater.
5	Great food and service.
5	I love this Restaurant! The Lentil soup is amazing and Chicken Biryani was as well!
5	OOOMMMMMGGGGGG! I'm still getting over how amazing the food and service here was! We ate there tonight and I have to say, there is absolutely nothing bad I can say about this place. I ordered the vegetarian platter and the almond baklava, while my boyfriend got the chicken feta. The food is so fresh and healthy, I kept forgetting that I was downing a veritable feast of Middle Eastern goodness! The man who served us, Ali, is the pinnacle of great customer service and he will keep you happy through and through. The nice lady who works there is great, too. You will not regret your visit to Sahara...now come here, ASAP!!!!!!!!
3	Nice lunch spot. Solid food and easy prices.The vegetable sunbusek is awesome, other food is okay.  Baklava was not that great.  My husband loved it, but I thought it tasted a little old.
5	great food and friendly service. The family that owns sahara is great. Love the falafel pita!!
4	Went here again and shared a lot of dishes.  After trying the lamb kuzi, I was hooked!  Everything was very good, except maybe the musaka, which tasted too sour (Maybe too much tomato in the dish).  They had a very interesting and delicious carrot pudding that night too. Upgrade 1 star!
5	I almost dropped my review to 4 stars because service was a little slow but then something occurred to me. Fast sit-down service is so American. It's customary for us to order an appetizer, shovel it down quickly before the salad comes and mow down the salad before your entree arrives.Sometimes it's okay to sit down, relax and enjoy your food as much as you do your company.The service might have been a little slow (one person waiting on 5 or 6 tables and taking care of the take out orders) but our server was extremely courteous. And the food, oh damn, the food was sooo good. I can highly recommend the lamb roast served over rice and the chicken shawarma dinner plate served with rice. Both very delicious.Sahara is a little bit of a drive but I will most certainly be returning. MMMMMMMMmmmmmmm!
5	Great food! Great service! Great atmosphere! Highly recommended! Can't wait to go back:) - had the chicken feta and the chicken shawirma. Best middle eastern food I've ever had!
4	I loved this place! Amazing food and service. The servings are just right and very flavorful. Would highly recommend this place if you want a nice quiet dinner.
4	I really love Sahara.  The only issue I ever have with them is the semi-inconsistant hours.  Some days they are open all day, some days they close in the middle for a couple hours, sometimes they close early.  Call before you head out.The food and service is excellent.  When my coworkers and I venture out for lunch, this is a prime destination.  The service is good, without being the overly-perky-waitress-that-checks-on-you-every-five-minutes.  The owner is incredible, he actually remembers the names of his semi-regular guests, and seems to remember the preferences of our groups.  He really pays attention to his customers, which is really a nice bonus.The food is just delicious.  The lebne, the hummus, the tabouleh is all great.  My favorite entrees are the Chicken Tikka and the Vegetable Sambousek.  Order the Sambousek as a meal or an appetizer, you will be happy.  It's a rich flaky crust filled with nicely spiced vegetables and potatoes.  The Gyro is also good, several of my coworkers order it consistently, and my mother loves the Chicken Shawarma.Check out the lunch specials!  They are great for lunch, not too busy around 11-12 so you can take your coworkers and not have to wait for seating to be available.  They have also never had an issue in splitting our checks with no additional fee.Lastly, do yourself a favor and get a piece of baklava and a Turkish coffee.  It's amazing.
4	Been here once and had take-out thrice. Obviously, I LIKE THE FOOD.Service is slow but kinda ok, you get to talk and not get served food from a production line. Lots of things on the menu to choose from. Love the guy who owns the place, he can get chatty sometimes but who cares till he serves the awesome food. Its difficult to compare it to Haji baba which is my fix for any mid-day middle eastern craving. I prefer this place for dinner.
4	Ok...I know you've heard it before...but the lentil soup is a definite 5 star! It is absolutely delicious...so much so that I wanted to lick the bowl...but I didn't, I just spoon licked it instead (you know....scraping and scraping until it's gone?)...yum. The other food that my friend and I got was good, but not even close to as good as that soup (which is definitely what I'm getting next time). I got the chicken biryani and my friend got the chicken curry. My chicken was good...it was a little spicy, but also a little sweet with a cinnamon -y flavor to it. My friend's curry was a typical curry...nothing terribly special. The service here was super slow...we waited like 20 minutes to even get water....which is unfortunate, but I can kind of understand it because it is only one girl running the whole front of house and she was busy. Despite this, it was still frustrating to just sit there and wait for so long. However, the good did outweigh the bad and I always like to go to family run restaurants, so I'll be back.
5	This place is amazing good! Excellent atmosphere, excellent service! I've now been here 5 times and it' been consistant! This place is going to know me by name!
4	I use to live a street over from this restaurant, it was a treat to go in there. They are such nice welcoming people. We would make it at least a weekly thing to eat there. I would always get the vegetarian platter or the falafel both amazing! THe owner is sooo nice and his daughter is also very friendly and super sweet!!! I haven't been here in a while thats why I gave the 4. I think a trip down there will definitely change my review!
5	The food, service, and atmosphere were more than great - I felt like I'd been invited to the most hospitable of all Arab homes where the hosts and the food left you speechless! First of all, the pictures of Iraq all over the place, along with the randomly placed decorative items on the walls, took me back to fond memories of family dinners. Then I look at the menu and can't decide of course which to order because - in peering over to the next table - I can see that all of the food looks pretty good. Fortunately, going as a group means I will get to sample a few plates! And so I settled for the lamb ouzi. It was amazing! And, so was the kabab dish with fluffy white rice covered in a tomato sauce that I couldn't get enough of. The other dish I was fortunate enough to try was the chicken fetta - on it's own definitely a comfort food i'd like to take home. Actually, I purposefully didn't eat too much just so I could take some home and enjoy it again!Only complaint I have is they don't have a restaurant near me, plus they chose a name that many middle-eastern restaurant have... so don't be fooled - this, unfortunately in my case, is not a chain!
4	very attentive server-dani. excellent food, good price to value ratio. we were by ourselves for the first 30 mins, sad the place deserves to be full up.i had the grilled combo, very flavorful, cooked right, very tasty, nice choice.we will go again when we are up in phoenix, i'll try the arab coffee next time.
5	I go to lunch here regularly and the food is consistent and excellent. The owners are always friendly and recognize us when we come in. The red lentil soup is amazing. Falafel and hummus is really good too.
5	I'm in LOOOoooooOOOOVVVVvveeeeee!!!! I've been craving some good middle-eastern food for a while, and I found it!!!! yay!!!!!This is such a cute, little restaurant; very clean and nicely decorated. Very attentive server (possibly the owner as well?) super friendly! You do feel that typical, hospitiable vibe that comes from this culture. As for the food.....SOOOOO GOOD!! The hummus is super fresh, not too garlicky, and actually a little bit lemony. Just, really refreshing. All of us ordered the lamb shank....mmmmmmmmm, the meat was just falling off the bone!!! soooooo tender! It had a slight curry taste to it, or maybe it was cinnamon? Anyways, it came with golden raisins and toasted almonds on top, different, but it works!!! The dish came with a cup of lentil soup (also, excellent flavors) or a salad. Not bad for 13 bucks!!SOOOO excited we found this gem! I know we will be regulars at this wonderful place. :D
3	Food good, air conditioning bad.
3	I have been to many mediterranean restaurants and this place is below average.  Chicken was dry and the bread was not fresh.  This would have gotten much a much better review if I hadn't been to so many other restaurants serving this type of food.
3	Pricy for what they offer but has the best lamb shanks in town
4	This is definitely the best middle eastern food I've tried in the valley. We ordered the feta chicken and the vegetarian platter to share. It was a TON of food, and the feta chicken is freaking awesome. I've never eaten anything like it. So so good though. The vegetarian platter was all good--falafel, hummus, baba ganoush, stuffed grape leaves, tabouli. All awesome. The pita bread is perfectly chewy. Combine great food with great service and reasonable prices? I'll definitely be back, probably sooner rather than later.
5	One of my favorite middle eastern restaurants in the valley!I don't think we've been disappointed by anything we've tried. We eat this type of food at home all the time, and many places are unable to take you back to childhood, but these dishes are spot on.Tabouli is fantastic: good ratio of bulgur to parsley.Fool is wonderful: one of my favorite dishes with a little kick and packed with flavor.Lamb dishes are juicy and tender, chicken is never dried out, and the lentil soup is great!For vegetarians, the sebzi is a very good choice.I would recommend the vegetarian platter or the mezza as an appetizer. Don't forget to try the lentil soup, and if you feel like indulging, try some authentic dessert (baklava)!The staff is friendly, accommodating, and a loving family. I recommend supporting this local restaurant and getting your fix of authentic middle eastern cuisine!The hours on their website are somewhat incorrect, but the hours on the PDF menu are more accurate: they close between lunch and dinner, so make sure not to arrive before 5pm for dinner.
4	A friend of mine and I tried this place for the first time today! I had a falafel and she had Chicken Tikka with hummus. It was very tasty and inside the restaurant it is very pretty with a nice ambience. We also tried their pistachio baklava which was also very good! We will defnitely be back!
5	***The best the best the best!!!!! I have been eating at Sahara's since I was 15 years old, which at that time it was located on Mill Avenue. Sahara's is THE BEST you can get for Middle Eastern Cuisine. The lentil soup is TO DIE FOR and if you add this special green sauce, it's amazing! I usually stick with the chicken shawarma plate, which is amazing! They also have the best hummus in AZ! You must also try the Turkish coffee, which is out of this world with cream and sugar. It'll keep you up for hours!!Lastly, the family that makes it all possible for us is warm and inviting. They are hard working and have been apart of the community in Tempe for years and years. Ali is my favorite, always a smiling face. :)
4	My first impression:  The dining area was "Smallish"--maybe 25' x 35'--but not cramped due to good table configuration.  They are located in a corner suite so the place is filled with ample natural light during the day.  The restaurant was well decorated, presentable and most importantly--clean.  The server and a man who I think is the owner were light-hearted and personable. The hummus was perfect and I believe a touch better than Haji Baba's.  I liked the addition of the tomato garnish rather than Haji's olive with pit.  I'd love to add an heirloom tomato slice to it when they're in season.I ordered a gyro wrap which I think could be decked out with a few more toppings.  I did however order mine without pickles.  Nevertheless, it was very tasty on account of the melding of the delicious meat with the perfectly warmed and toasted-in-certain-spots pita.  The gyro wrap didn't come with any sides.  The gyro plate that my wife ordered did come with a delicious white rice with a light dusting of some red spice or sauce that was delicious.  Next time I'll be getting the gyro plate with a pita so I can load up my own gyro with rice and some hummus.  A little Sriracha sauce would've gone nicely but I didn't want it to get in the way of my first tasting.  I don't know if they have Sriracha available as I didn't ask.I'll be hitting Sahara up regularly.  I feel like I'm in store for an even better experience once I start delving into the more involved dishes.
3	Although my meal was decent, if you're looking for feta cheese this isn't the restaurant for you. I went there looking for something with lots of feta (craving). However, none of the dishes come with feta including most of the salads. When I asked if I could get feta on my dish the owner refused saying it didn't go with the dish. By the way, the dish was named Chicken Feta. And, yes it would have been better with feta cheesee.
3	I am not quite sure if its because ive been sick and the gyro didnt taste as good as i expected but it affects my taste buds. All and all the gyro wrap i had was okay and when i am not sick ill give them a second chance.  My manager loved the gyro lunch plate and thought it was amazing.
5	I was really hungry and feeling some good food that was tasty and not a greasy cheeseburger or burrito.  I have always been a fan of Mediterranean or middle eastern food so I figured I would give this ace a chance .   I called to place a pick up order and was greeting by a kind , gentle spoken man . I ordered the chicken schwarma and a side of hummus .  When I went to pick it up , the restaurant was extremely clean and quite intimate.  The gentleman that took my order on the phone was kind and well dressed and spoken .   I paid and took my food home .  I was starving !! I got  home and sat down to some of the best food I have had in a while .  The hummus was slightly garlicky and smooth (not to oily) . The chicken schwarma was incredible and had these little red pepper/pickles and the chicken was perfectly cooked and extremely tasty and tender .  Overall I was extremely impressed and will be coming back for sure .
5	This is one of our favorite middle eastern restaurants and it's very close to home. We've dined in and ordered take-out often.  They dont have a full bar, but allowed to bring your own wine and/or beer with you. The ambiance is very simple, casual and cozy. The owner, Ali, is very friendly as well as his staff.  Our favorite dish is the Fetaita wrap which is a combo of feta cheese, hummus, tabouli and fresh vegetables. I always ask for extra diced cucumbers since It's my fave.  For an appetizer, get the Jajeek, yogurt dip minced w garlic and mint topped w cucumbers and olive oil; comes with pita bread.  Grape leaves and side of rice is always good, too!  I dont think you could go wrong w what's listed on the menu. Def a must try!!!!
4	Excellent combos for lunch. Great authentic taste
4	Wonderful family-owned restaurant. Good food, good service, relaxing atmosphere.  Mondays were a little slower than other nights so this became my dinner, class prep, read, grade papers spot. I loved the turkish coffee and chatting with the fam. They're also apart of American Airlines and US Airways dining advantage club.
5	Absolutely, positively, the GO TO place for Mediterranean Food in this part of the Valley.  I just had a falafel pita there for lunch today that was incredible and filling--just the right amount of tahini to give it zing.  From their sunbuseks to their red lentil soup, nothing there is to be missed.  The baklava is about as good here as I've ever tasted it anywhere.  Service is always friendly.It's not a long review because there isn't much more to say.   My whole family enjoys eating here.  This place rocks, and most of the other reviewers you'll read for this place agree with me.  Try it for yourself.
2	3 1/2 years after my first review I have been to this restaurant 4 times now.  What I loved most on my first visit was the lentil soup.  Yeah, it just doesn't do the same thing for me anymore.  I won't be back.  Not because the vegetarian platter wasn't good (though it is quite a bit higher in price than Haji Baba which is my FAVORITE!!) it's that we had an entertainment coupon that they wouldn't accept.  We did not find this out until after we had eaten and were ready to pay for our "meals".  (Spent more on the meal then would have on another falafel sandwich if I didn't have the coupon.)  We were told that the Entertainment Coupon book printed their coupon again without permission and they have a sign on the door to let people know before they come in.  The door was propped open so the sign was unreadable.  If we had known the coupon would not have been accepted we would have eaten somewhere else.  Seriously!  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!
5	Best Middle Eastern sit-down restaurant around.  Friendly, family-run BYOB restaurant.  I was concerned when they moved away from ASU, but they place always seems full of loyal customers.  Our kids ask to go here for birthdays and my husband and I enjoy quiet dinners alone as well here.
4	Very very good......the lamb shank was out of this world...beware the plate is big. For appetizers make sure you get the grape leaves and hummus....cannot go wrong with it. For drinks get the mango nectar.Forgive the wait....they do get busy for a good reason but they should figure out a way to reduce it.
5	The Chicken Feta is phenomenal.  Everything on the Veg Platter is probably the finest example  that you will find on North America.  This is the place to go for Middle Eastern in the Valley - or in the States for that matter!
3	We decided to give this a try after being long time regulars at Haji Baba.While it was very good and I'd say their meat hummus is probably better than Haji, everything else was about average and expensive in comparison.
4	Excellent food.  I had the Gyros meal with hummus and a side salad.  We went for lunch, the service was a little slow but it was worth it in the end.
5	Great place! Food was extremely tasty! Service was pleasant and accommodating.. I really liked the decor inside as well. We will definitely be coming back...
5	I've been eating at the Sahara since 1994 when a date took me there for dinner.  I take EVERYONE there at least once, and now that I've moved out of Tempe, I make a point to go to this restaurant if I happen to be in the vicinity.Great atmosphere, gracious service and consistently fantastic food.I love Ali, Noor and the whole (family!) staff at the Sahara.
5	I love this place!  The food is authentic in addition to great service.  I always get the chicken feta dish and it is amazing.  I have tried some of the appetizers too and they are delicious.
4	Great lunch here today. Chicken tikka and hummus were tasty. Balaclava for dessert was round instead of flat but very good.
4	Perhaps I shouldn't review based on one dining experience.  Still I'm compelled because the food was so good.  I had the Fool Modemas with a side of falafel.  My first time eating the fava bean dish, trying to talk myself out of going back for more right now.  The falafel was the best I've eatened, light, crispy delicious. Why am I torturing myself... getting my keys.   Be Peace!
5	I walked in, and I was the only white guy there. That, considering the type of food I was about to eat, was a good sign for me. The owner served us, and he was extremely kind. Explained everything on the menu in detail for my cracker self, and brought everything out in a timely manner. Even my rude Jewish uncle was impressed, although I begged him not to mention his Jewish affiliations while we were in the restaurant...he did. I forgot what I got, but I remember wishing I got the lamb that my friends got. It was exceptional. Start off with the hummus and other dips with pita. I could have literally just ate that and been totally content. But I'm also a dip.
3	Not sure why the high reviews, its pretty typical, standard Middle Eastern fare, not great, not bad. I have had much better in the middle east of course.I thought the prices were much too high for the portion size, but I always think that (cause I can and do eat A LOT).Would I go back....maybe, if the GF was in the mood for it, but prob not on my own due to the prices...)
3	We ordered the chicken and lamb tikka and my wife order the chicken tikka.The food is just ok in my opinion, nothing that yells I need more of this.  My wife agreed.The lamb pieces were very small and the fat was not completely trimmed off.  The chicken was good.The tabbouleh was the best thing we ate here.The service was very friendly and the food came out in good time.
5	Simply put... one of those places where the ambiance/decor is lacking, but the food is out of this world.  The best of its genre.  I can't help but give it 5 stars... soooo good.  The falafels, hummus, gyro, turnip soup, etc... everything was incredible.  I will be back... alot.
4	I am in love! And it's right around the corner from my house! So that means it was meant to be. Try the lentil soup... You can't even handle how good it is, trust me.
4	Chicken feta is a must try.
5	Today I ate lunch here for the umpteenth time and it was delicious as always. My extended family and I have been eating at Sahara for years-back when it used to be located on Mill Ave. Everything I've tried is amazing. My personal favorites are the Chicken Tikka platter, the lemonade, hummus, lentil soup and rice pudding for dessert. It's a family owned restaurant and we know the owner personally- he's a great guy and the service is always excellent. Also, if you ever have the chance to try their Chicken Kardashi special definitely get it!
4	I haven't been to this restaurant since they moved away from Mill Ave several years ago.  Everything was very fresh and good.  I think the owner was our waiter and he was genuinely gracious for our business.  We both had the homemade lentil soup and it was awesome.  The hummus was also very good.  We will go back very soon.
2	Followed the high ratings given by Yelpers and drove out to Sahara Middle Eastern Restaurant---and I mean drove... (long story)  The place seemed nice enough, decorated with a middle eastern flavor without too much exaggeration.  Sat down at the booth in the back and had to put one of their decorative pillows to prop myself up from the sagging seating--uncomfortable to say the least.  Then we waited 10 minutes before anyone came to offer us menus or acknowledge that we were there.  Finally I decided to ask for menus-- gee what a surprise, customers need to see the menus.  We then had to ask for water because NONE was forthcoming without asking.  Maybe they are trying to save the environment, but don't most restaurants ask you what you are drinking?--NOT here.  So now we are set,  we have menus, but we also have questions.  So we ask the young lady in capri pants strutting herself around the restaurant (and especially around the owner)  about the preparation of one of the dishes.  BAD mistake (is there a good mistake????).  She said she didn't know much about the menu.  Aren't employees who interact with customers supposed to know about the menu???  Go to any McDonalds and ask what a BIG MAC is... I am sure they would know!!!!   I digress.The order was a chicken Shawarma sandwich,  Chicken Biryani, and a Vegetable Combo dish ( I think a #20).  Let's start with what I liked.  I thought the combo dish consisting of Hummus, Grape leaves, Falafel, Tabouleah, Babaganoush accompanied by pita was fine.  At $12.95 I don't know if it was fine.  It was a tad expensive compared to other combos at other places.  Regardless, I enjoyed it.  Hubby did not enjoy paying $12.95 for it.  The biggest disappointment was the Chicken Biryani.  It was well spiced but the chicken was overcooked.  When you cook white meat it becomes really stringy.  So all I heard on the way home was how overcooked his chicken was..(keep in mind that I had selected the restaurant).  The real surprise was that my 13 year old granddaughter who ADORES chicken shawarma and all things middle eastern did not enjoy her sandwich.  Don't get me wrong, she ate it.  But when I asked her about it she said, it was a sandwich she would NOT return for.  She then named 3 other middle eastern restaurants who make it better.  Disappointing.   I must say that the young lady  who brought us water made up for it by offering water almost to an annoying level.  Maybe it was her way to just strut those capri's in front of the owner.  Perhaps a dress code is overdue. Nobody wants to look at crotch.  Well, almost nobody.
4	We enjoyed the restaurant and I give it a three star and my wife gives it a 4 so I'll put a four-star here. I felt that the food was a little overpriced for lunch -- approximately $10-$12 a plate. But all in all a was an excellent experience.
5	I have never once been disappointed eating here. The daily specials are always delicious, the humus is also fantastic. Everything tastes fresh and feels and tastes like home cooking. The walnut baklava is also to die for. I can't say enough good things about Sahara's.
4	I have eaten here a handful of times and have always had a great experience. The service has been wonderful as well as the food. I have to admit, I've only tried the chicken schwarma and the gyro and have found them to be just like My Big Fat Greek Restaurant - which I also enjoy. Don't get me wrong, I feel the food is scrumptious and deserves a solid 3-3.5 stars, but it's the fact that its a charming locally run family business that bumps my rating to 4. I would recommend giving this place a try. I know I will come back and try different dishes...I had eyeballed other guests' plates and they looked amazing!
4	Great food decent ambiance and fair prices, why is this place not packed?WE started with the fool, a warm mix of mashed garbanzo beans, seasonings topped with onions and tomato it was great.For the main dish we went with the vegetarian musaka, which is eggplant in a red sauce. on't confuse this with an Italian dish, as the flavors are very different  It comes with a well cooked long grain rice which compliments it nicely.
5	The food was great, I had the lamb shank and it literally fell off the bone it was so tender! I love that you can bring your own wine, they provide the corking and the glasses which I think is great! There is also a liquor store around the corner you could grab a bottle at. I will definitely be back, the service was wonderful as well!
4	Selected the restaurant on the premise of using the Entertainment Book coupon only to find out that for whatever reason this merchant no longer accepts the promo. A disappointment. Nevertheless, the food was delicious, especially the lamb shank.
4	Food is yummy! Took a gyro dinner with a side of hummus home and complemented it with some sriracha....not the very best middle eastern cuisine I've ever had, but delicious none the less, and I will most certainly be back
5	By far one of theeee best restaurants I've ever eaten at.   I thought they were going to bring out some chopped up pieces of this and that.  I didn't really expect much, so when they did bring out my food, on presentation alone, I was taken down a a peg or two!!!  OMG!!  The food was amazing.  I just couldn't believe how delicious it was.  I ordered the Lamb Kutzi (? I think it was Kutzi, or Cutezi - either way, it was a WHOLE lamb shank) along with the most succulent roasted vegetables of my life!                 - The Vegetables -I could have eaten a whole, full place of the vegi's alone.  My goodness!  What did she do to those vegi's to mak'em so... so... juicy, crewey almost candy like without being sweet.  'Amazing' on the vegi's alone.  And they bring'em out like "oh, here's some vegetables you ordered."  I mean, they should play Mozart as they bring the food to the tabl.  'Just' seeing my plate actually made me sit up straight and fix myself.                - The Lamb -So then I see the lamb.  I start looking behind and in front of me, thinking "Is this for me?  Maw?  Surly this plate is for some rich guy, some dignitary, yes?"  No!  It was mine, mine, mine!!! Allll mine!!!  I can't even begin to describe how (I'm droolin as I write this) amazingly delicious that shank of love was.  I mean, did she kiss all over that plate before they brought it out?  Was it watchin porn?  I mean this thing was super sexy.                  - The Tiramisu -Now I don't normally eat desert.  I'm pretty much off of sugar and such, but that food was so good I had to try something else.  So when the server ran down the list of deserts, I asked if she made the Tiramisu, and she said yes.  Soooooo there it is.  "Hit me with the Tira!"   and "Oooooh baby, PLEASE!"  All I can say is the cook should wear a crown.
1	My company ordered a catered lunch for pickup for 30 people today. While we were there, the lady at the register told us the total was $350 ($50 more than quoted).  We asked her to explain so that we could understand the price change, and she was unable to answer the question for us. She re-calculated everything and again came up with the original total of $304.00.  The owner was on the phone at the time, and was telling her to charge us $350.  Because she could not explain why, she kindly charged us $304.When we walked out the door with our food the owner ran, literally ran, up to us and asked to see the receipt.  He says, "Oh you guys got a deal. She's an idiot" referring to the lady at the register, considering this is a family restaurant; I'm assuming this was a wife or sister. When I responded, "I'm sure she's not an idiot, it is just a mistake" he interrupted me with "Yes, she's an idiot."  I even asked him to just explain to me if we owed more money and he brushed me off saying "nevermind".   I was so put off by this, and we immediately left with our food and I was seriously concerned that this woman was going to be scolded. When we served the food to our 30 employees, we ran out of food at only 20 people, and no one had large "restaurant" servings, only normal plate servings. Some (including myself) had very small portions.  I had a pita and 3 pieces of chicken (the chicken was thin cut and about an inch long).  We regularly order catered lunches for our employees, and have never had a problem with quantity.  When we called Sahara to voice our concern, not wanting any compensation, just to voice that we ran out of food so they would be aware for future orders, the owner quickly interrupted yet again and told us we were "wrong" and that we ate too much.  He said that three small inch slices of chicken is more than enough for one pita. We went on to say that we understand if that is their serving size, we were just trying to make them aware, but he continued to interrupt us to the point where we could not even say "Sir, sir, sir sir sir" into the phone because he was talking over us so loudly. We ended up having to hang up on the owner because he was raising his voice, being condescending, and not listening to anything that was being communicated to him.  He just kept repeating that we were wrong.  The food was amazing, but we will no longer be catering our business lunches with this restaurant.  We are absolutely astounded at the rudeness that the owner exhibited not only to us, but also to his co-worker and possibly his own family member. In no way can I think of an appropriate time to call an employee an idiot TWICE in front of customers.  Very, very rude and unprofessional. It's a shame that their food is so great when their ownership is so unprofessional and their catering quantity sizes are so small. I would not recommend this restaurant.
5	My wife, not adventurous with food, loves this place... It's the only middle eastern place other than pita jungle she'll go to. Hummus is excellent, hot tea is the best In the area and servings are great value. I've had the lamb shank, which is excellent, beef shwarma special, chicken shwarma and a couple other dishes I have never been disappointed. The carrot pudding is really unique and tasty. Wife loves the chicken feta and has even gotten into some other conservative dishes. The service is always great. The owner remembers us now and has always been extremely welcoming. You will really feel like you are supporting a family establishment.
5	I am not sure why I never stopped here before but kicking myself that I haven't. The food is super good and the service was warm and attentive. We felt like welcome guests and there was a nice balance of being friendly without being overly intrusive. We started with some vegetable soup (can't remember the name). There was some special seasoning that made it much better than the bland vegetable soup . I had the vegetarian platter and the server asked if I wanted to substitute anything. That was a first for me. Oh yes got more Stuffed Grape leaves (excellent). The hummus was smooth and not over oily or garlicky (problem with many restaurants). My date had a grilled meat platter and loved it and he's picky about food. He even liked the lamb which he doesn't usually care for. It's a casual setting and large portions - though I still ate my entire serving. The restaurant has been added to one of my favorites. .
4	So happy I stopped by!  They have an awesome eggplant moussaka. Its served in a red sauce and the eggplant was cooked perfectly. Very glad it was served without the cream sauce that the Greek version has. This dish was actually healthy for you. Instead of the rice I opted for the grilled veggies and very glad I did. I think they could serve the grilled veggies with a salad as a main dish they were that good. I will definitely be going back again.
4	I took a group of 10 future restaurant reviewers to eat at this restaurant, and none of us were disappointed.We all shared, starting off with Hummus and Pita's, which were warm and perfect with the creamy hummus and olive oil. Another companion ordered Babaghanouj, which is an eggplant dip and nicely prepared. We also had Foul Moudamas (fava beans with garlic, chiles and spices in a sauce), as well as stuffed grape leaves. Several members of our group were vegetarians, and each ordered a different dish from the menu. All were pronounced excellent. Portions were so large than many had to bring home leftovers.A member of our group ordered the Chicken Tika, and other than she would have preferred it to be spicier, it was totally devoured. Other dishes ordered were Chicken Biryani, Lamb Tika, and the Mixed Grill.I ordered the Lamb Kuzi, which is a slow roasted lamb shank, served with it's sauce over a bed of rice. I love lamb, and this was no exception. Tender and falling off the bone, it was a complete meal and had a wonderful flavor of cinnamon with it, which I found to be both unusual and delicious.The only dessert available was Baklava, which no one objected to.Service was attentive and very personable. The premises were clean and by the time we left the place was packed.4 stars for quality of food, cleanliness and service
4	Where do I begin.  Went to Sahara for dinner last night and goodness was I very pleasantly surprised.  The gentlemen that waited on us (I'm guessing the owner) was a very sweet man that had great suggestions on what to have and what complimented our dishes and boy was he right.  Not only that but he was very attentive and a joy to chat with. I had the chicken shawirma( that's how it was spelled on the menu) with the grilled veggies and dang was it perfect!  The chicken was top quality, juicy, perfectly seasoned, and cooked.  No gristle or chewy bits and all white meat!  What a nice surprise!  The pita bread that came with it was very fresh and light.  Not dense at all and the grilled veggies were spot on!  I honestly could go back just for those.  I also started with a lentil soup that was far from bland and boring like I thought it would be and to top it off the hummus was smooth, creamy, and not overly garlicky.  I really think this may be the best meal I've had at a restaurant in years.   It's definitely a must try.   It is a lil on the pricey side but for the quality of food and service I'd gladly pay it again and again!  I will be back!
5	The food and service is always top notch. I've been going here for years and am finally writing a review. I usually get chicken tikka and it's absolutely delicious every time. It's great to have a dish I crave that's healthy too. If you haven't tried this place, I suggest you do very soon. Oh, get the hummus with chicken on top. It's super tasty.
2	Strip mall with a security guard patrolling on foot didn't give me a warm fuzzy.  Nice waitress but she was the only one working that night.  Food was just kind of meh.  I wasnt that impressed but i am spoiled with the good mediterranean food we have in St Louis.
5	This is probably one of the best middle eastern restaurants I've been to.  We arrived at 8:00 and it was nearly full, which is a good sign. I ordered the Chicken Tikka, and it was tender, flavorful, and very well presented. The servings were generous as well. My friend ordered the fatoush salad with some added grilled chicken and he was similarly impressed. Our server, (who I have a hunch was the owner, or at least the manager) was very friendly.  This will definitely be a regular dinner spot for us when we're in Chandler for work.
2	I heard about this place from my Arab friends and they suggested their lamb shank over Kuzzi rice. The rice was kinda watery and over cooked. Service was all right, and the place looked nice and neat. Their green hot sauce was very tasty! Their lemonade is homemade which tasted good.
5	huge fan of middle eastern food! love the lamb, rice and house salad! soooooo freakin good. I have no idea how they make the dressing for the salad but it is so fantastic! A++ for food quality, customer service , and prices. Will be coming back soon!
3	Fairly good food- I'm a fan of their gyros salad and the lamb kuzi is especially flavorful and succulent. Portions are rather small, though. Ambiance is nice. Service is better than your typical Middle Eastern restaurant.
5	The food was well spiced and the portion size was generous. The variety included in the menu was expansive and interesting. I normally don't get excited about middle eastern cuisine - however - this place is worth getting excited for! The ambiance seemed genuine and authentic; from the rugs, hookah and camel art - it all worked. The music was soothing and sexy. As I looked into my date's eyes - I knew something magical was happening. 5 stars! Solid! The server suggested some dishes that were scrumptious - the service was superb!
2	**Original review from 5/3/2011. Updating new profile.**After trying the one in Gilbert several years ago, I was afraid to try this location. But I was hungry from fasting for a blood test and decided to try this location. I won't be going back.For the record, this is not the same owner as the one in Gilbert (as I found out), and the food was much better than the one in Gilbert. I ordered a chicken shwarma plate with a side of hummus - to go. Instead of warning me that there's no lunch plate available for shwarma, only pita wraps, I was charged for a full priced dinner.  Nice.  Thanks.The "dinner" comes with rice topped with a tomato sauce, salad or lentil soup and the shwarma. The shwarma had a great flavor, but was a little dry for my liking. The rice was overwatered, meaning it was mushy and they used too much water when cooking it. The tomato sauce they used to top the rice was good. What shocked me was that they put a small salad in the corner of my to-go box and the lettuce was covered with the warm rice and chicken. Gross. Soggy, warm lettuce. Ew. I cannot comment on the side salad I received because I forgot to tell him that I don't like creamy dressings and it was smothered in it.  My fault for not telling him.They don't make their hummus fresh. Their hummus has the consistency and taste of the canned hummus you can buy at Haji Baba's down the street. It was over salted (canning process!) and they used too much oil for the consistency. I threw away my lunch half way through. I can get better food elsewhere.If you are not familiar with Middle Eastern cooking, you will find this place good and charming. If you are familiar, I'm sure you know to steer clear of this place.
4	Thanks, yelp, for directing me to another hidden gem of a restaurant! I've passed by Southern and McClintock several times and never noticed this restaurant, tucked inside a strip mall/shopping center.The food here was great.  I ordered a cup of the lentil soup (it's delicious, like the other reviews mention. tastes like pureed chicken soup? but it's vegetarian I think), the vegetable sunbusket (sort of like a samosa... not my favorite but not bad), and the Sahara salad (fresh and tasty greens and dresing).  I should've skipped the sunbuket and gotten a bowl of the lentil soup.I did notice the service was reeeaally slow, as in slow to bring us water, slow to take our order, slow to bring us the check.  But luckily none of us were in a hurry so it didn't bother me.  And the servers were nice.
5	Went here with a couple of friends on 07/19/2014.  The people were friendly.  I ordered a gyro with feta cheese.  The pita bread was fresh and soft, the meat was seasoned well, and with one bite I was in heaven.  To round off the meal, I had pistachio baklava and Turkish coffee.  I had a food buzz for hours.  Definitely worth a visit.
5	excellent .... i have to go back
4	Really enjoy the food here - the lemonade might take getting used to (very strong!), but it's a great experience for both dining in and take out.
4	we went for lunch, probably around 14:30 - 15:00 so only one or two other tables were taken. the ambiance was friendly, light and simply decorated. our drinks and menus were brought by Noor, a lovely young woman - i am familiar with, and love, middle eastern food; ate in many restaurants and street stands in Egypt Turkey Greece... what i ate here was indeed "real"!  i will definitely go back for more Falafel : cooked fresh and perfectly, crisp dry outside & moist inside! yummm! the hummus was fresh and tasty, the pita warm and in a covered basket. try it out - it just might become your new fave place to go
5	Had a great birthday dinner via carry out! My lamb tikka entree was perfectly seasoned and cooked, and complimented nicely with grilled tomato, green pepper, and beets. Hubby's mixed grill was perfect, too! And I can't say enough about the gyros and lentil soup. And, the carry out was ready exactly when promised. Love this place!
5	one of the best middle eastern restaurants in Phoenix metropolitan area. owned by a kind Iraqi gentleman who is very friendly and welcoming. Food is amazing, you have to try lamb kuzi. Always pay attention to the daily specials as some of them are AMAZING! lentil soup is one of the best. I like their lemonade as well. A good place to invite friends to.
4	Food is fresh,clean and light,staff are really friendly. prices are really decent For this quality.
5	Amazing food!
5	My favorite place in Tempe. The food is great, the prices are reasonable, the staff is friendly, and the atmosphere is relaxing and quiet.
