1	I have my car loan through Interstate Lending. I have received the worst customer service from this place. I have never missed a payment or have been late.  Each time I call in, I am greeted with attitude. A couple of times when my payment fell on a weekend I was called from them to inform me that my payment was late despite having automatic withdraw.I let them know that, and they didn't apologize for their behavior, they didn't care. I was told that they worked with people with bad credit and ,"it is what it is". I would recommend going a different route if possible. I am glad they financed the car, but not worth this hassle. People should always be treated with respect, whether or not they messed up and are trying to get back on tract or if they are the best. I do want to note that I completely understand that people have bad days. This review is not based an an isolated incident. I am grateful that they financed my loan, not happy with the service.
1	Brock sold me an older car at 25% interest and when I went to make over the payment amount he didn't know how to apply overage toward the principal. When I pointed out it was standard practice he called me "mean" and berated me and followed me out to my car insulting me and trying to start an argument. I've never been treated so badly. I would prefer to pay online and not have to take my payments to the office but they do not offer that convenience and charge for other payment options and it's clear they cannot be trusted to post your payment correctly unless you  are there to make it clear to post it properly and get a receipt.
1	My boyfriend purchased a vehicle through this company because a good friend of his worked there. Unfortunately she does not work there anymore and ever since she left the company we have had nothing but issues. They are very rude and have absolutely no customer service skills whatsoever!!! At one point in my conversation I even had to ask Sarah to settle down with the attitude and take it down a notch because I wasn't arguing or giving her attitude.  Her response was "well you called to speak to a manager" I guess that automatically meant I was calling for a fight!! She also stated she was the manager and she was the only one there I could talk to...as I asked to speak with someone else because of her attitude, come to find out she is nothing more than a CSR who wad pretending to be a manager! This company is a joke and run by a bunch of ghetto people I would never recommend them or ever purchased a car from this place again... they deserve ZERO stars if you ask me!
3	Hello! This is an update. I have called a couple of times since my last terrible incident. Honestly, Yvonne has been so kind and helpful. I can't tell you how much better my experience has been since she has been helping me. Thank you Yvonne! I appreciate your help.
