5	In 1999, I was discharged from the United States Marine Corps.Keeping a high and tight well maintained was a real pain in the ass because barbers dont understand what the hell its supposed to be like.  I am sure that many of you who keep this style of haircut understand.Any barber can sit you in a chair and cut your hair.  This guy used a razor to get skin close on the sides, and a leveler (no, I am not kidding) to make sure that the cut was even.I have gone to at least 20 barber shops in the Phoenix, Mesa, and Tempe area.  This barber shop beats them all.This is the BEST barber shop in Phoenix.  I have been a repeat customer for 9 years, and I will keep going back until they close up shop.
4	I am a huge fan of Richard D's.  It maintains the old time feel of what a Barber Shop should be.  It excites me to be greeted by the same three faces for the last several years.  I have never received a bad cut!  I go there about once a week as keeping my head neat and clean is a priority for me.  Many customers are repeats, but new people are always welcome.  They amazingly remember all of their customers, and never fail to remember my specific hair cut.  I am going to continue to drive 30 minutes out of my way ever week to get my haircut as This place is amazing.  It is the best hair cut I have had since the Army.  Also, a haircut averages about $10.  Amazing!
5	My fiance and I were looking on Yelp to find a good affordable haircut with the option of a nice barber shave. He has hair that grows so fast and there is only so much I can do with 12 dollar trimmers. Rich's shop is only a couple minutes from our house and is in my old neighborhood. As soon as we walked in we were greeted like old friends of Richards. We all had small talk about our upcoming bundle of joy, and Richard talked to us about his family. Actually one of his "sons" came in for a bit and hung out. Very funny guy! The military cut he gave my fiance is PERFECT. He's not in the service but prefers that cut to any other kind, especially during the hot summer months. For a fade and razor the price was 16.00 usd. That is a STEAL!
4	Got a good haircut, everything was nice and even. No extraneous hairs here and there. They took my sideburns up a little higher than I would have liked but that was probably at least partially due to my poor instructions. Friendly staff, and got in and out. For $11.25, which is less than the chains typically charge, I got a better haircut, so, it's kinda hard to bitch.
