5	Its been nearly 4 years since I have been here, but honestly, its the best Japanese food I have ever had. The tempura was out of this world and the Ousimono was great. And the sushi, was amazing! I wish I had been old enough to yelp back then!
4	Kiki Japanese Restaurant is located in Station Square, a shopping and entertainment area in Pittsburgh anchored in part by the Sheraton Hotel.  The restaurant itself is located in the middle of a dumpy mall -- there are numerous no-name stores selling Steeler's memorabilia or cheap clothing and then you see Kiki Japanese Restaurant.  Inside the place was dim, but with minimalist Japanese decor.    I took a seat at the bar, ordered an asahi and spent some time going through the menu -- it's nice to see an actual Japanese restaurant as opposed to the standard "Asian favorites" found at some places.  Wasn't really feeling the sushi, after all this place was in the corner of a dumpy mall, so I played it safe and went with a teriyaki dish and some noodles.  Fantastic!  Who knew noodles could taste so good!  I finished every last bit of food (yes, quite a feat for me), and went back the hotel where I looked them up on-line to find they were named the best sushi in Pittsburgh in 2007.  Others labeled them "the only real Japanese restaurant in the area."  Moral of the story: don't be alarmed by restaurants located in seedy shopping centers.
3	I agree that this place could use a re-do, as PCW states,  But sometimes if the food is good enough, it can overcome any shortcomings in atmosphere.  But PCW, you must have hit it on an off night.  I had the salmon and avocado rolls and there was a sufficient amount of fish in there and the thickness was proper.  I'm also a huge fan of shrimp tempura and I've tried their tuna rolls and they seem spicy enough for my tastes.  I also love their sake here.
5	I don't really know where these poor reviews come from - I've been eating at Kiku for years and have never had a bad experience. Yes, the lighting is dim and it's not exactly chic, but the food is excellent. Kiku was where I had my very first sushi, and it's hard for any sushi to live up to it. The tuna and salmon rolls are always very fresh with the perfect amount of wasabi and their entrees are great, especially for those who don't like sushi or even Japanese food. And one of my all-time favorite foods is their tempura ice cream, with its sweet buttery tempura crust and fresh vanilla bean ice cream. Mmm. Delicious.
3	I went here last weekend for a late lunch/early dinner type thing.  It was about 430 PM on Saturday and I was visiting my friend Rob's and he has told me for a long time his favorite spot for sushi is Kiku.  I had been in the past, but not since I really developed a palate for sushi.  Anyways, I really didn't want to like this place initially because of its tourist trap location of Station Square across the way from hard rock cafe, hooters and the like.  I was wrong to judge so quickly.  This restaurant basically brought sushi to pittsburgh 25 years ago and I guess they shouldn't be judged for a housing decision made long ago when places like hooters didn't even exist (a glorious time indeed).  You step into this restaurant and its like stepping into a different atmosphere completely.  You are away from the obnoxious interrogation mall lights into a dimly lit soothing atmosphere.  I think the only sound you here is water running from somewhere and the restaurant is intimate while still being private.  There is a small bar and dining room to the immediate left and further in the back there is a sushi bar manned by gents' who look like actual sushi chefs and I was told by one of the staff have over 75 years experience combined between the three.  We sit in the front dining/bar area.  The place is pretty empty due to the early hour, but this is good because it gives us pretty much free reign for Rob and Olga's boy Alex.  The server comes over promptly. She's a young japanese girl with a big and corteous smile.  She offers warm rags and asks if she can bring anything for the boy while we decide.  We start with the sushi lovers platter for two and share it between the three of us.  It's not cheap at about $48.  However, the sushi is quite good.  The rice cooked perfectly with just the right amount of wasabi.  The fish very fresh and sliced well.  They even offer toro on this sampler.  All in all very good sushi, but certainly not the best in Pittsburgh.  I'd say right now the best sushi in Pittsburgh is Umi (you'll pay for it though).  Next the waitress brings some miso soup which is good, but unmemorable.  I was a bit surprised to see they had only one or two choices for sake and almost no wine list to speak of.  We tried some good cold sake.  It was fine, but quite expensive.  I think around $30/bottle for three small pours total.  Rob and I had one each.  Next we tried the "shobu shobu".  This is a fondue type way of eating in which they bring over a steaming pot of savory broth along with a side of sliced steak, noodles, tofu, veggies etc. and diners get to cook their own food.  It's a fun way to eat when you are with some other folks on a personal night out.  It'd be good for date night or friends, but I think a little off if it were for a business meeting.  The food itself is fine.  I mean the meat is okay quality the veggies seem fresh and its fun to cook yourself, but probably not a gourmet dining experience.  The cost is $21 per person (minimum of 2 people) fo this dish.  This place deserves kudos for bringing sushi to pittsburgh. It has good sushi and seemingly other good traditional japanese dishes.  My biggest pet peeve with this place is that the cost seems out of line with the location and food.  I didn't pay, but I bet Rob didn't get out of there for less than $200 and we really didn't even drink.  If you find yourself in Station Square you could do a lot worse than this place and you should go here since its a local business and not the mega mcfunsters that seem to invaded this once fun spot.
4	Great food, but you'll pay for it!  Not cheap...  Plus some of the servers aren't Japanese, geez.
3	I'm always in the look out for Japanese food when i travel. This place is located in a shopping center and kinda had a hard time looking for it. The place was pretty quite, there was myself at a table and another at the sushi. I ordered the super combo which consisted of some sushi, teriyaki, tempura rolls all for $27 bucks. The food was ok and thought that they could of gave more for that same price.  The service was ok since i was the only one there so i can't complain.
4	When I first walked in on a Friday night, an hour before they were closing, I was just surprised that my friend and I were the only ones here. It made me think twice about how fresh the fish can be if there is no turnover. We order the sushi sushi lover for two which seemed like the best deal since it came with miso soup and green tea as well as 28 pieces of sushi. It consisted of two 6 piece rolls (tuna + salmon) as well as 16 other sushi pieces (8 unique pieces, so 2 of each). The toro was great while the salmon in the salmon roll was a little tough for my liking. The fish came out in a nice cool temperature, not too cold and not too warm and the stickiness of the rice complemented it pretty well.For dessert, I saw that tempura ice cream (they bread a scoop of ice cream and fry it) was on the menu and I'm always a fan of fried ice cream so I gave it a try. It was definitely not worth the $7.50 price tag. I think you can do better elsewhere if you've never had fried ice cream before.Overall, I'd say this place is pretty expensive and not the best value you can find but considering it is in station square, that's how it is down there. Service was great, considering we were the only patrons in there for a good 20 minutes until thankfully another party of 2 came in so it wouldn't be awkward. I would give this place 3.5 stars but since I can't, I'll bump it up to 4 and call it self-justifying the quality of the restaurant due to the amount of money we had to fork out in the end for 2 people.
5	The sushi at Kiku is the best you can find around, IMO. The service is always great too. The restaurant is lacking in style and lighting, but who cares if the food rocks.
4	Very nice - the food is excellent and beautifully presented. The fish is fresh - the service is attentive and polite. Ambiance is also excellent.
2	This is not a place I would recommend....table for two in virtually an empty restaurant....speaking of that table it was one of those that wobbled, there was another table very close to us and with us pretty much being the only ones in there, we just shifted over....the decor is avg to not that nice, nothing special......just a boring not so fun place to be....the sushi was ok, but too expensive for this type of place....for nigiri pieces, your typical rolls and special rolls it was over priced....the lady that served us was very nice though and did a pretty good job, this was a pretty forgetable time here...I guess if youre in station square and want sushi quick, pop in here to get your fix, but it's not a place I'd go to when choosing where to dine for the night....
3	The food was decent but expensive... and they never get my order right. Not a good place for little kids since it's really small but their drinks were great.
3	Kiku has a "go green" deal. If you buy your personal chopsticks for $5.00, thus saving trees,  you can save $1.00 each time you use them.   Big deal!  Have you seen some of the prices here?  And anyways, I always thought chopsticks were made out of bamboo, which is renewable.  That little rant aside, I was here last night for the first time in quite awhile.  A lot of the food here seems to be some version of teriyaki or tempura.  I'm not all that familiar with Japanese food, so I don't know if this is the norm.  Pittsburgh doesn't have very many Japanese restaurants to choose from.  But feeling a little adventurous, I tried the Unaju, which is grilled eel on a bed of rice with Kiku's own eel sauce.  Y'know, I'm glad I tried it 'cos it was really good.  All of their entrees come with their amazing miso soup.So why only a three-star rating?  It just seems that Kiku is a little pricey for what you get.  As another poster says, it's one of the few non-gigachain restaurants remaining in Station Square.  But even the lunch menu ain't all that cheaper.
4	Kiku ... maybe it's my fault that I used to love you, and now we're just friends. It could be that I ordered a measley eel/cucumber roll, and maybe you didn't find that fancy enough. Or a Philadelphia (that you so endearingly renamed Shadyside). In my Dynamite, you forgot my spicy mayo (maybe that's for the better, but you did kindly garnish the plate with a bit). All three of my rolls, it seems you forgot some of the fish. It hurts my heart; your fish is so fresh ... when you put it in the roll, I enjoy it even more. I should've stuck to the Sushi Regular or the Chirashi, because those have been perfect in visits past. Your ginger dressing is still to-die-for, even though at $4 I feel a little portion robbed on the salad. And I'm wondering about the newest edamame fad - salt your own. Is this fad in fact, or faux paux? Kiku is still my second-favorite sushi restaurant in Pittsburgh. But with the recent menu renovations, I'm wondering if they're trying to be a little 'more' than they should - it's quality sushi, in a good environment ... but the prices need to return to being justified.
5	Entering the restaurant, you walk into a walnut-and-wood colored decor, with a long sushi bar to the right. Towards the rear, you see that the restaurant is divided into a second room which is even more comfortable. Adding to the pleasure is the attentive staff. A hot towel is handed to each customer with the menu, and my hostess provided gracious and timely service. She very capably explained the nuances of Japanese cuisine. Nestled in Station Square, Kiku allows one the privacy of exploring a multitude of Japanese cuisine.The meal started with two bowls-- one Chukai Salad (mixed seaweed), the other with Edamame (broiled soybean in their pods). The Chukai, which is dark green in color, provided a crunchy nutty flavor, and the Edamame, in a lightly salted pod which you don't eat, added a hands-on experience to the meal.The sushi consisted of nine pieces of colorfully displayed fish: salmon, red clam, tuna, Spanish mackerel, yellow tail, and striped bass over small mounds of white rice. Six pieces of tuna sushi, surrounded by rice and wrapped in seaweed, complemented the meal, as did the bright red Flying Fish Roe which was similarly presented.In addition, the meal was also served with Wasabi, a green hot mustard/horseradish blend, sliced pickled ginger, and teriyaki sauce, all of which created a variety of taste possibilities. With a choice of soup or salad-- I had Miso-- a hot seaweed and tofu soup-- the meal was very enjoyable.Kiku offers plenty of meal choices. There are three types of soup and a few salads-- including Spanish mackerel, shrimp, scallops and crab-- ranging from $2.95 to $6.95; salmon, yellow tail, filet mignon, and tuna specials, ranging from $7.55 to $10.95 and appetizers ranging from $3.85 to $7.95, including rolled beef and scallion, marinated baby octopus, baked scallop, wild mushroom and smelt roe, shrimp, chicken, crab, and vegetables. There's also chicken, tuna, salmon, scallop, steak and Filet Mignon Teriyaki served with a salad and rice, from $12.95 to $18.50, and nine entrees (ranging from $10.75 to $13.95), including shrimp,beef, pork, and chicken.The sushi choices are too numerous to mention, but they can be purchased as a meal or a la carte.
4	This place was highly recommended by a family member so after a trip to the incline, we came here for dinner. The atmosphere was great. Not to stereotype, but when i see asians dining in an Asian restaurant, it tends to put me more at ease about the food. Instead of looking through the menu, I went the lazy route and got the Lovers plate for two. The place was fairly packed for a Sunday evening, so the sushi chef was a bit backed up. Our waiter was one of the best ive ever had. If I remember his name, i'll be sure to update and post here to give him kudos. I use to work restaurant so i was patient for our food, I peeked around to check out other people order, and i saw the dessert that was brought out to our neighboring table and I told myself that I must have it too! the sushi was fair and the both of us were stuffed.Still, I MUST have the dessert, so we got the fried ice cream.  It was on a plate with red bean sauce, 2 oranges, and 2 c antelope slices. YuMM! Theres still much more that I want, so i will def come back to try the other desserts. and hopefully, request the same waiter!
4	I love eating at Kiku, I've tried their Sushi about 15 times and I have never been disappointed. They have the best Miso Soup in the city.  The atmosphere is elegant and the service is always excellent. Watch for their specials, they have an "all you can eat" night that is a good deal.
4	Went there with my hubby for his birthday and we were pleasantly surprised. The sushi chef is actually Japanese, and you can really tell from the quality and authenticity of the food. The miso soup is REAL miso soup, not that watered down powdered stuff with tiny bits of chopped up tofu that you get in a lot of Japanese restaurants.You won't find anything too fancy on the menu as most of the offerings are pretty standard fare for a Japanese restaurant. For an appetizer we had the beef tataki which was very flavorful. We had the sushi lover for two with 28 pieces of maki and nigiri. It came with two pieces of the fattiest fatty tuna (toro) that I have EVER seen and it literally melted in my mouth! I've eaten a lot of sushi in my life and I was absolutely shocked. We finished off our meal with some fried ice cream in a yummy smooth red bean sauce. The server was really nice too and knew the menu really well. Overall we left extremely satisfied - it helped that we had a $25 restaurant.com certificate (otherwise it would have been too pricey to try the place). It was very high quality and authentic sushi, as well as a pleasant dining experience. I think this place is highly underrated, probably because of the high prices and shopping mall location, but next time you're craving great Japanese food, get yourself a restaurant certificate and try it out!
5	This remains the only authentic Japanese sushi restaurant in the Pittsburgh area. It has been here since 1982, and the chef is 40-year certified preparer - the real deal. I spend a good deal of time in larger cities - like NYC, where you can find good sushi on every other corner and I can say - as an advanced sushi connoisseur (I've been eating raw fish since I was 2) this place is the right place for the advanced palette. There will be things in the back that are not present on the menu so as not to scare away the average customer - but they will have everything that they can obtain safely - simply ask. Sure, it's going to be expensive. You have to pay much more for quality in a land-locked city, and Pittsburgh, though what I like to call "cutely diverse" does not have the array of resources for quality sushi without a price. Ask the chef here and he will tell you that most of the seafood he has comes in from a very reputable atlantic source - think New York.I would recommend any handroll, and the specialty roll. Order Amaebi (raw sweet shrimp) when in season and you will be a happy camper. The oshitoshi is well seasoned with salmon skin and a delicious soy mixture - not too salty. And the green tea ice cream goes well with a spoonful of red beans.ENJOY!
5	To me, this is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh. Not the best Japanese or Asian place, but the hands-down best. The sushi is sublime. From your basic tuna rolls to your fancier hand rolls and specialties, I've not had anything I didn't want more of. The second-best sushi I've ever had. However, what makes this place shine is how good everything ELSE tastes! Too often, people thing Japanese = sushi. From the simple miso soup and house salad (which were far above others I've had) to the various platters, each dish tastes like a delicacy. The steak and chicken teriyaki are delicious choices that satisfy the more timid palate, and the various hot dishes that arrive on platters are all also excellent. Even the desserts, though simple, are excellent. I recommend the anjou pear poached in plum wine. The downsides of this place are parking ($), price ($$$), and interior. Being in Station Square, you'll likely have to pay to park. The portions are not large for the money, which means you'll spend even more to be full. I expect to spend upwards of $70 for two when I come here. Also, the inside is plain and somewhat dated, which doesn't attract me. However, the incredible preparation and taste of the food here have kept me coming back any time I can afford a fancy meal!
2	Way too overpriced and nothing special with the atomosphire. Foods are Okey and presentation is good but nothing authentic by any means.
2	I was excited to try Kiku due to the Yelp reviews when we stopped in Pittsburgh for a night en route to New York. Being a half Japanese woman living in Kentucky, I jump at the opportunity to get traditional Japanese at any chance I can get since my hometown is littered with sushi bars that specialize more in mayonnaise, fried, or spicy sauce laden fusion sushi rather than real Japanese food.  Kiku was definitely run by Japanese folk and the menu had the usual traditional fare. The food was pretty okay. We had the Agedashi Dofu which the broth was so mild it's taste didn't transfer well to the tofu. They garnished with green onion and daikon oroshi (grated radish) but didn't have the customary bonito flakes. They also charged a whopping $6 for probably a 2-1/2 ounce portion. I'd pay overblown prices for a good Agedashi Tofu, but this wasn't one. The Agedashi experience kind of defines the rest of our meal. Everything tasted okay but the prices were beyond ridiculous. We then realized we were in a touristy part of town and missed out on a lot of the amazing farm to folk fare in other areas. This place is meant to pull in hotel guests who aren't really looking for real culinary fare and are unaware they are getting raped by prices.  The tuna in our tuna roll was on it's way out, the smelt we ordered were just grilled with no sprinkle of sea salt or any kind of sauce--and again, a whopping $8 for three small fish. All sushi was ordered by the piece and about 20% more expensive they any other sushi bar I've been to outside of the Pacific Northwest, Tokyo, and NYC.  (Example: $6 for two pieces of salmon). The advertised "mixed green salad" was cut with iceberg lettuce. The chawanmushi was bland and a small tea cup size. If you are charging $8 for chawanmushi, use real crab. At least snow crab. And throw in a ginko nut.  On the good side, the dressing was yummy, the salmon sushi was really fresh, and the service was decent. Overall, food is not awful but not exciting and the prices are beyond ridiculous for what you get.
5	Stopped in and had a sushi platter last night - probably my first time in close to ten years at kiku. It was fantastic. Easily much higher quality than Nakama in the Southside.
5	I never thought I'd find myself saying "some of the best sushi I've had was in Pittsburgh." Honestly, my wife and I were very skeptical about stopping into this place in a sleepy mall late on a Sunday night but wow did they deliver. The fish was fresh, the food was authentic and the service was fantastic. They've got a nice sake list as well. Great sushi. Turns out it's a hidden gem and according to the waiter people come from all over to eat here.
5	Loved the sushi here. It was very fresh and good quality. They even let us customize them.The teriyaki chicken appetizer was great, the chicken was very well made.Miso soup with tofu was good.The hot sake wasn't really that great, but my overall experience was good enough to ignore it.We had a dessert, chocolate mousse cake with vanilla, which was awesome!Loved the ambiance, and service was really good and timely. The staff was very polite.Your best bet for parking is the parking lot nearby. Kiku will give you a parking validation for $2 off. We ended paying just $2 after this validation.
4	Really great sushi. Definitely better than other places I've been to. They have all the common favorites along with a whole assortment of really uncommon rolls that are fun to try.
4	I am on a Sushi Kick!    The location was very quiet on a Tuesday Night.    We order some sushi.   I ordered spicy tuna rolls, yellow tail, and salmon. Are were very good.     The kitchen had a spicy relish Sriracha spiced salsa which provided a much needed texture difference.I had this coupled with a 2 bottles of warm sake.   LIfe was good.If you are in the Station Square Area (my first time) and crave sushi.   I would recommend this place.Atmosphere - not many people in the restaurant - very quiet.Service - Awesome.   Our server made sure we received our food and libations.Price - $12-15 per roll, $4-6 for individual pieces (large in size)
4	Had the best Toro ever at a Pittsburgh sushi joint the other night with the girl.  Whenever I go to a new sushi restaurant, wherever I am, I ask if they have Toro. A restaurant that has Toro in the first place, is a good sign. Then, a restaurant that has good Toro is obscure. A restaurant with amazing Toro, is a restaurant you frequent.  2 pieces of toro nigiri is be pure heaven if it iswhat they say it is.  I have been to several restaurants that gave me "Toro" and it obviously wasn't... or it was a pitiful example of such. Toro is the belly/neck of the fish. It's the part of the fish that gets very little excercise (relatively) compared to the rest of the fish. So this meat is rich in buttery fat that you can see wet on the meat like little beads of oil. And unlike normal blue fin tuna which is reddish in color. The fat in toro gives it a lighter, closer to pink/white color.  Well needless to say Kiku was serving up some crazy good toro when we went... at like 8, on a Sunday night. The rest of the meal was great. I felt bad coming in at 8 on a Sunday but we sat in the bar, there were other people there chatting with the bartender, and the waitress made us feel very welcome.  This seemed to be a no frills sushi joint, which is just fine with me.  We are about the fish.  Their maki rolls seemed to be limited but we had a roll and the sashimi platter which was very impressive.  The platter had egg, octopus, mackerel, tuna, salmon, yellow tail, and one other I think. Pretty impressive selection for like 25 dollars.The cut of the sushi, the size of the cut, the temperature of the fish are all extremely important factors in perfect sushi and Kiku sushi did a mighty fine job in all regards. We will go back and see if we were just lucky or if this was a standard meal.  Kiku might have just gave Little Tokyo Mt Lebanon a little friendly competition.7.5 of 10 stars to be specific
4	I wouldn't have figured that Pittsburgh would have good sushi, but I have found it.  I was in town for work and wanting something yummy.  I looked it up and decided to go.  I sat at the sushi bar, ordered an uni and unagi to start and followed that with sushi chirashi.  It was all excellent.  I don't usually get dessert, but opted for green tea ice cream to finish off the meal.You should know that it is in some sort of mall.  That wasn't clear, and Station Square has a lot of chain restaurants.  There is a parking garage across from The Sheraton and mall that you can park and walk across the street.  Parking was pretty cheap.
5	We were in Pitt under not so great circumstances but was able to get out for 2hours. BF & I came here based on the reviews & could not be more pleased. I wish I could remember our waiter's name, he was delightful. Made excellent recommendations & we had the following...Gindara appetizer - EXCELLENTThe chicken teriakyi sampler. Sorry my brain is fried & I cant remember the name of the dish. Came w/shrimp & veggie tempura...  and a couple rolls of sushi & a few pieces of sashimi - EXCELLENT4 sushi rolls... again, cant remember names sorry. The scallop roll, a roll w/eel & cucumber, rainbow roll & this odd sour plum & cucumber roll. Never seen it anywhere else so I had to try it. EXCELLeNTBest f-ing meal of my life or at least right up there... Waiter was super attentive. I admit i was a little worried because the place was almost empty on a Sat. night but it turned out to be exactly what we needed!!
2	Came for a late lunch after a duck tour across the street. The restaurant is located inside of a mall like building tucked in awkwardly behind offices. The decor is a simple Japanese style. The music took away from the food and decor. It was a strange hybrid between modern sounding guitar and traditional Japanese music, either way it became slightly annoying after the first few minutes. We ordered miso and and 6 rolls. The soup was alright. The rolls were presented nicely, but over sauced and tasted salty. The quality of the food did not warrant the cost. Single pieces of sushi were outrageously priced. No where near the quality of CA sushi, but it was okay for Pittsburgh. I was highly surprised by the rave reviews listed across social media sites.  Overall, would not recommend.
3	I'm not sure how this place stays in business.  Every time I've been there, we are the only table in the restaurant....including a Saturday night at 6:30pm.   Well, maybe it's the fact that they overcharge for the amount of food they give you.  Quality is good, but the portions are too small for what you pay.  You also have to pay for parking (in the garage).   There's not too many Japanese restaurants in Pittsburgh, so if you're in the mood for Japanese,  it's virtually the only place to go.
5	We arrived at our hotel down the street, yelped sushi near our location, and Kiku popped up.  Perfect!  After realizing it was 2:45 pm and they close at 3 pm, we called in a to go order.  When we arrived to pick up our order, they offered to have us eat in even though they were supposed to close in 4 minutes. We ordered an appetizer also, curry calamari (VERY delicious!).  The rolls were perfect and fresh, friendly servers, nice atmosphere... Will definitely be back when we are in the area!
4	Really fabulous sushi!  Hotel told me to go to nakama which I did.  It's a bar that serves sushi not a sushi bar.  I got in a cab and went to kiko.  While it is not the prettiest place I ha e ever been the sushi was fantastic.  Sushi chef was com Tokyo and been doing this for 25 years. He made me an unbelievable Sardine.  I wasn't sure I would like it and he had me try it and said if I didn't line he wouldn't charge me.  I loved it and ordered another.  Tuna was super fresh and the scallop was also fresh and served in the shell as sashimi.  The salmon skin hand roll was also great.want to add that most true sushi eaters would never order a spider roll with spicy mayo.
5	This place is hands down the best Japanese restaurant in Pittsburgh. It has a calm, relaxed atmosphere, friendly wait staff, and is authentic as you are likely to get this far from the west coast.They offer a wide variety of Japanese dishes. From sushi to sukiyaki to chawanmushi (even takowasa, if you're feeling adventurous).  They offer dishes for less experienced eaters, as well as catering to people looking to try something new. I have never had a bad meal here.I will say it can get pricey, but never unjustifiably so.  Honestly, if you're in the mood for some real Japanese and don't mind spending the extra money for quality, I can't recommend a better place in the city.
3	In a place filled with chain restaurants, Kiku is a welcome addition.  I first ate here the first time I had ever ventured to Station Square.  My friends all wanted chain places but I won out convincing them we could try those anywhere.  As other reviewers have mentioned, it seemed very empty.  Each time I've been here it was a Friday night and there were maybe two other tables with diners.  That being said, when we were greeted, they allowed us to choose which section of the restaurant we wanted to sit in.  The decor is what you would expect from a Japanese restaurant.  A lot of wood and prints.  It has a sort of cozy feel.  There is a decent sized menu along with a variety of daily specials.  I do have to question the specials, though, as they were the same in each of my visits.  There is something that will please every palate, including someone who won't try sushi or anything "exotic"  For example, they even have fried chicken as an appetizer.On one of our visits, my husband was feeling adventurous and tried the Shabu Shabu.  Basically Japanese fondue.  It came with noodles, meat and a variety of vegetables.  It was tasty, but very pricey for what you got.  Other diners were pleased with their choices of various tempura dishes and a "super combo."Rolls were typical of what you would find at any other Japanese restaurant.  They were tasty, but nothing too imaginative.Overall, a good experience and decent food, but it is more pricey then most other Japanese restaurants in the Pittsburgh area.
4	Service good, their food is good as well !!
5	Kiku was so effing good I took one bite and then accidentally punched my friend in the shoulder w my excitement while saying, "This is so effing good!"Why do I ALWAYS forget about Kiku?  You must understand, I love sushi and it's not because I love drinking a whole bunch of sake before I eat the sushi, during, and after.  I go for the sashimi bc I'm not effing around w the rice.  If I'm dining w friends who say they like sushi but won't stray beyond a tuna roll, then I'll just eat regular nigiri w the rice but...bring me raw fish, on a wooden boat, and I'm a happy girl brandishing chopsticks.I am SO very tired of people talking about Umi.  Umi is spectacular and I love it, but there is other sushi to be had.  I've DONE Chaya and Sushi Too and Sushi Kim and Ginza (RIP) and Kotobuki and Ooshi Bento...  But I always forget about Kiku, and I think it's because its tucked away in station square.Newly rediscovered, I recommend you dine here.  Its beautiful inside.  They have one of the most sushi restaurant expansive menus in Pittsburgh.  Will sushi make your friend gag?  Bring them here anyway, there is so much to choose from, sushi or otherwise.The pricing is reasonable.  The place does not smell like fish.  You'll leave full, and happy, and you wont feel like your wallet has just been raped.There is a reason that Kiku has been around for so long, and that it has been nothing but consistent.  Good service, great food, & good atmosphere.  If you haven't been to Kiku in awhile, pay them a visit.Now I'm craving sushi and I just had some....
1	I was expecting really great food from the ratings but this was basically cafeteria food. The teriyaki chicken tasted like something I ate in high school 10 years ago. The tonkatsu was almost inedible as the meat inside was so chewy and stiff that the breaded outside kept falling off. The miso soup was bland and the sushi was really mediocre, especially for the price. They had a good crab/potato fried side that was pretty good that came with the meal but that's literally all. Not to mention the prices are outrageous and the meal doesn't even come with salad! I don't know if we went on a bad day but there was hardly anyone there and I'm not sure it was even worth half the price we paid. I guess I can't expect that high of quality Japanese food in Pittsburgh but this was disgraceful.
5	An update from 1 year ago. The 5 stars is for the sushi.  I have not had anything cooked so I can't review that.  Yes the atmosphere is lacking but the sushi is the bomb.  If you are looking for crazy rolls and sushi mixed with this and that go somewhere else.  If you are looking for authentic top quality sashimi or sushi go here.  I had bonito, king mackerel, toro, red snapper... All were served with just the slightest embellishment, the fish speaks for itself.  Even the soy sauce is homemade!Some of the best sushi I have ever had at very reasonable prices.
2	I also had high hopes. In fact I drove from wintersville for good sushi. Instead I got low end sushi for a high end price. The service was 5 stars so feel bad giving two. The. Food was one star. So 5 stars minus two stars equals really bad sushi.
5	Food and service were great!  We came here for dinner for the first time a few weeks ago.  It's inside the station square building, across from Buckheads. We loved all of the food we ordered and wished we can make them at home.  We tried the kushi katsu, dynamite roll (spicy scallops) definitely spicy but love it, sashimi platter seems like a small portion for two but still worth it if you like sashimi bc of variety and taste.  The sashimi is fresh and definitely the best I've tasted in awhile.  My hubby was still hungry after these, so we ordered the beef maki and curry calamari. The calamari was huge and we liked that the breading was soft but not soggy. It's hard to explain the texture. All sauces were on point as well.  My mouth is watering just thinking about the food.I also tried the fujiyama cocktail which is vodka, pina colada and banana.  The glass was small, so I probably could've had 2 or 3 since it tasted good. Haha.  The price wasn't as bad as other sushi/japanese places.Server was friendly, prompt and attentive. She even offered to validate our parking, which took $2 off.  We didn't know they validated.  I liked the ambience/decor.  I think they're going for an old school authentic japanese look.  My hubby said it was plain for his taste.  Overall, I recommend this place!
