3	Here in the former shell of Red Dragon nee Daily Buffet comes the new China House Buffet, & I stopped in to give it a try today, having been alerted to it by friend Alexander C. just yesterday.  All of the charming, funky old '50s atmosphere is gone, as is the Mexican buffet table, & in it's place we have a two sterile, completely blah rooms, with the old booths still in place, but with everything else (like the important room dividers) gone!    :-OFor food, this is strictly a Chinese buffet now, & the new owners had 44 food choices out today, plus dressings & sauces.  The food is different than it used to be, it was good, & certain things were special, including fresh papaya, & the broiled chicken.  It's also the same reasonable price as it was before, & the Hostess/Server/Cashier lady was nice.I overheard another customer ask her friend what she thought of the change, & her friend replied, "I'm sad.  I'm in mourning."Me too. Lunch Buffet $6.29/$5.66 Sr.
3	I was really hoping to try a Mexican /  Chinese buffet but it looks like we were too late to the party. Enter the door and you will be inside a dimly lit place with booth and a 2nd room with some large tables.There a few a few buffet rows and another along the wall with condiments and deserts.From a veg point of view this place is ok. There was a bean sprout heavy vegetable mix, a mushrooms and peppers dish, and veggie noodles that had a unearthly color, egg fu yong and rice.  As expected everything was greasy but decent, the mushroom dish could have used a bit more cooking.I was glad to see the chilli oil with lots of chilli in it on the condiment line.For you meat eaters theres a large array of meat items and even some craw fish and shrimp ones.With out or tip it was about $7 which was not a great deal for a place as sketchy as this.If you are near by and must have AYCE Chinese then maybe stop in.
2	Did not enjoy.  Limited selection and it wasn't that good.  I too was hoping for the mexican / chinese buffet and missed the boat.  If it was cheaper I might add it my rotation but there are other places in the area that are much better and cheaper.
3	Decent Chinese food. I go often for take out. It is easy and convenient for those in central phoenix. I have had times where some of the food is great and other times it was bad. Support local restaurants, this beats panda express!
1	This restaurant doesn't exist anymore. It was replaced by another Chinese restaurant and there is no buffet (all-you-can-eat) option.
