5	Trying to find a good, credible mechanic that won't give you the run around? Try Jake's Bethany Auto on Bethany/27th Ave. I've been taking my vehicles to Jake's for at least 10 years and I have to say they offer the best service in town. They are a bit more expensive, but the job is done right and on-time with each visit. They always give you repair alternatives if money is tight and they never upsell you on additional services. In fact, I trust these guys so much that I even called Bill (owner) and asked his opinion on a few vehicles before selecting one. These guys are great. You don't want to go anywhere else.
1	I know that Jake's get great reviews, but this is what we've experienced:TWICE my husband had work done and had to take the car back because they didn't fix it properly, or they inadvertently caused damage that needed to be fixed.  Both times they did the the re-work without a problem.Here's why I'm writing this review:  when my car was 8 years old they flushed the coolant.  I just found out today - 2 years later - that instead of replacing the radiator hoses, they put the 8 year old hoses back on my car.  Twice in the last few months I've been told the hoses must be replaced at a cost of $225.00.  If Jake's had replaced the hoses 2 years ago like any reputable mechanic would've had, I wouldn't need to pay this fee now.3 STRIKES YOU'RE OUT!!
5	Turned to yelp when I needed brake repair, read the reviews and called several places for a quote.  Jake's wasn't the cheapest but the difference in my top 2 picks was about $35 total so I went.  Very glad I did.  They've been there for 35 years, I was met at my vehicle by Jake's son who was very friendly, remembered most of my info, took my keys and got me a ride home.  He called less then an hour later, explained what was wrong, didn't try any up sale and would try to have it done today.  A few hours later, called and said the price was actually $100 less, NEVER HAVE I EVER HAD A MECHANIC WANT LESS THEN WHAT WAS QUOTED, and if I needed a ride back they would.Jake's is great and I'll be a lifelong customer.
5	Nobody likes to have their car in the shop. I've been dreading the upcoming repair but it had to be done. Judging by the research I did, my catalytic converter was clogged. The acceleration was incredibly sluggish. I knew I had to take it in when people were chirping at me as they floored it by me the second they had the opportunity. I swear man, people just plain suck. Drivers on my ass, I might as well have been towing them. Just chill people! Why you in such a hurry to get to that red light?So, fearing a shotgun blast coming my way I decided to take my car here out of a recommendation from my woman's friend, who is a girl.I called & spoke to Bill & scheduled an appt. I showed up & Bill was quick to get my info in a very courteous manner. I handed over the keys & waiting about 10 min before one of the mechanics dropped me off at home, cool huh? 2 hours later Bill called & diagnosed my car with a clogged cat converter....and to let me know my front tires were as bald as slicks - which I knew already. I ok'd the work to be done & they called me later to let me know the driver was on his way to swoop me up.I was hoping for the bill to be cheaper but they don't use cheap Chinese parts here & I can respect that. The bill was on par with what was done with quality parts & I'm a satisfied guy.My ride purrs now like the piece of shit it normally is but now I can at least beat some poor bastards off the line. Get ready you pricks cuz now I have the shotty & in the immortal words of Carlitos - I RELOADED!!I would recommend this shop, I have no complaints. Great communication with the customer & honest work.
5	By far the most honest, trustworthy family owned business in phoenix.  Appointments not needed!Bill works the drive and greets you at your car as you drive up.  He asks "what's going on with your car" and you can explain if you need service or have noticed any driving issues.  He listens & writes what you tell him and asks if you need a ride. He repeats back to you what you'd like to have checked & will get a phone # to check in.If you wait, Patty is nearly always in the office and is the kindest sweetest!  She remembers all about my family who have been customers over 20 years.  She makes a 2 hour wait feel like minutes. As far as pricing and the quality of work- amazing!  They always give you timelines if they have to order part and follow through consistently.  Bill is awesome at listening & getting the right decision for you.
5	I've been going to Jake's for a couple years now and they always give great service. Quality work, no pressure, and they take the time to explain what is going on with my car so I can decide what I want to do.
