4	This place has the best beef lo mien I have tasted in Pittsburgh.  They cook to order so your food is fresh and isn't sitting out under a heat lamp.  My friend says the hot and sour soup here is the best she's tasted as well.  I like their pork egg roll but it is pretty different from others.  It is mainly vegetable (Cabbage I believe) and pork.  Their egg drop soup is pretty decent.I can't say I am impressed with their other dishes.  I've had curry chicken, shrimp fried rice, chicken soup, shrimp egg roll.  They were definitely edible just no where near as flavorful as the beef lo mien.  The chicken soup was horrible.  It was bland and the noodles were lo mien noodles.  Fried rice were ok but I've had much much better at other places.  They have a huge menu though so it'll take some time to go through them.The obvious bad thing about this place is it is in a ghetto neighborhood.    It is probably not worth making a trip out there but if you're in the neighborhood, I'd say give it a try.  They're cheap and they give you tons of food.  It is cook to order so wait time might be a little long.  You can call in and order as well.  Not everything on the menu is the best but they have a huge menu to choose from.
3	Got take out from this place on the weekend.  Ordered kung pao chicken, steamed dumplings, and pork egg rolls.  I was really hungry so it hit the spot, but there wasn't that many chicken pieces in my kung pao chicken - a lot of peanuts (as expected) and a whole lot of celery and carrots (aka filler).  So I was a bit disappointed in that.  The steam dumplings were good, especially when fresh and hot.  The egg roll was tasty as well - I didn't find it too oily.  Very affordable and a generous portion - I had the leftovers the next day.
4	I am taking away a star because they don't deliver. If China Taste delivered I could easily see myself eating from here weekly.  This is a hole in the wall in a seedy neighborhood but I just can't get enough.The Chinese food is some of the best I've had.  Typically get the Hunan Shrimp or Schezwan shrimp with a side of pork fried rice. The shrimp are big and taste fresh not frozen . large and cooked perfectly and the veggies are always crisp and not soggy and over done. Also we've had the sweet and sour chicken and General Tso's chicken.  Although the restaurant is tiny and a little run down the food is very good.All the entrees I've ever had were served pipping hot. The restaurant is really nothing pretty and there are a total of 3 tables. The restaurant is tiny.  If you're passing through the Northside check this place out.
3	I work on the North Side and went for a walk to find something new for lunch.  I am quickly growing tired of Eco Bistro directly downstairs from my office at Allegheny Center.At any rate, came across this place at the corner of Ohio and the onramp to 279.  The lunch special was inexpensive and grabbed a soda for about $6 in all.  I had the Kung Pao Chicken and it was prepared to order.  Tasty, cheap, fast.  I ate inside - there are only a handful of tables in this place and it's decently clean.
4	This is what I look for in a take-out place.  Good food, large portions, fair prices.  As already stated, they don't deliver.  Service was fast though, and I will definitely go back.
4	If you're looking for good Chinese food at relatively inexpensive prices then China Taste is it. Large portions, fantastic steamed (and fried) dumplings, great combo selections all around a solid take-out place. Only downside is they DO NOT deliver. Other than that it is well worth it whenever you have the hankering for some Asian cuisine and a Netflix type of night.
5	Great clean Chinese. $5 dollar lunch combos 11am-3pm covers all the favorites. Requested light oil and they obliged.
5	Great Chinese food for a cheap price. Just checked this place out tonight as I live nearby, def will be going back again. As noted in other comments, no delivery is a bummer.
