3	i'm not sure how to put this... i don't know if i like this place or not.the owner/principal comes from the laredo's clan, which means a lot of their dishes are presented with red sauce. but, it has a tangy-creamy-spicy taste, which hangs out well with the cheese enchiladas. i have also tried their bean tostada, and vegetable fajitas (not all at once!).the staff's attention was staggered. we waited a while to be served, but were offered a "refill" of the chips and salsa. my fajitas were served without tortillas, and we couldn't get the attention of the waitress, so i ate everything with a fork. the seasoning was much too salty for my palette. my companion had the five-enchilada plate and finished all but the stringy pork one. the horchata has a little more cinnamon than i'm used to (i'm comparing to la hacienda), but it's still refreshing.i've seen a review that their menu items lean too much toward seafood.. and i wonder if that person knows any spanish (hint: el pescador means fisherman).i think we'll give it one more try before calling it a failure.
3	With an ambiance on par with un Hardee's or--if I'm feeling generous--un Country Kitchen El Pescador doesn't start off with a bang.  Since this was a late dinner, there was no wait and my two co-workers and I were seated quickly.After the slightly dimmer of my two co-workers finished a painfully convoluted drink order, I indulged in an orange colored, allegedly lime-flavored margarita on the rocks.  The taste wasn't exceptional but wasn't entirely lost either.Upon receiving our drinks, I immediately ordered the chimichangas; an order which was immediately plagiarized by my two co-workers.  Before any of us had finished our first drink, the food was on the table.  Two long and slender chimichangas were topped with the usual lettuce, tomato, sour cream, and guacamole fiasco, flanked with your standby bean accompaniment.  Ever-demanding, my co-workers requested a side of guacamole and a side of sour cream and promptly received each.  The chimi's themselves were excellent.  Deep fried as per standard preparation and served in a red sauce, the chimichangas were by far the best part of the dinner.  The beef chimi was significantly better than the chicken but neither disappointed.  The guacamole was almost pure avocado and delicious as well.The quality of the food made up for the non-existent ambiance, indifferent service, and my dreadful dinner company.  Though it won't be my top priority, I'd likely return to "go fish" at El Pescador.
5	On food only, my husband and I would definitely rate this a 5.  Taking the look and feel into account may lower it to a 4.  It's definitely a casual restaurant and based on those expectations, nothing is out of place.We have gone to this restaurant repeatedly, taking both sets of parents with when they have been in town.  Both of us are very open minded about food.  One parent is very health conscious, another a total foodie, another doesn't normally like Mexican, and the last is very picky.  All six of us love(d) it.We've always had very prompt and friendly service (which I would expect since we often get the same guy) and other servers have stopped to get a refill of drink or chips if they passed by.We often start with the calamari which is delicious.  It's lightly breaded but crunchy and the sauce is well balanced.  Our only "complaint" is we never seem to have the right amount of shrimp to divide evenly so a little tug-of-war ensues over the last one.  (Oh yes, some shrimp come out with the usual.)  We've also had soup on occasion which has never disappointed.Over the times we've gone, we have maybe repeated one or two dishes.  We now just need to venture a bit more into the "traditional" chicken and steak fajitas, etc...My husband has had the steak prepared Argentine (?) style and loved it.  He was also amazed that it made two full meals for him.  (He is normally a big eater.)  Between the two of us we've had almost every seafood item on the menu and never had a bad or even okay meal.This is the restaurant we often go to for small celebrations as it is affordable with great quality and quantity of food.To re-iterate about the feel of the restaurant, it's never been dirty or unkempt; it's just a casual place.  I'd much rather sit there and eat great food than sit in an elegant, overpriced restaurant and feel disappointed that the food didn't measure up.  There is always a wide variety of people there, which is expected in Madison but I think speaks to how comfortable the place is.  There have been business people, large families, couples, groups of college students, senior citizens, etc...  A few times there have been those who need special help, whether a baby with a high chair or booster, a person with a walker or wheelchair, or someone obviously suffering from mental illness.  All have been helped quickly with accommodations given and great care and compassion.We recommend this restaurant to others including business clients who come to town and none have been disappointed.  In fact, we're heading there tomorrow with my parents and grandma for Mother's Day.
4	Had a dinner date with hubby.  The service was good, we had two people checking on us and getting us everything.  We had the top shelf margaritas and they were good, not great, but good.  The coctel vuelve a la vida (octopus, shrimp and mussel) was DIVINE! Served true to traditional form with saltines and an array of hot sauce on the side.  We fought over the finish, I can see myself craving this in the near future.  If you like seafood, this is a must order.  For entrees, sweetie pie ordered the Pinchos Mixtos, a mixed grill ov shrimp and filet served with rice and salad.  He loved it, but noted the filet was too done.  To be fair, Mexicans typically do not eat rare food, so it remains authentic, if not to our taste.  My taco loco salad was pretty good, not that I expected culinary genius from the old taco salad, but it was nicely presented and served with radishes, also muy autentico..  I will return often!
4	A group of 5 of us went here on a Tuesday night and I had the fish stew, which was amazing. The margarita special was also a plus. Service was good (chips and salsa kept coming).
5	There are plenty of Mexican restaurants in the Madison area, but this is the only one with an emphasis on seafood.  My favorite dish is the seafood burrito.  I also like the seafood taco salad.  My husband tends to go for the fish specials, and always raves about them.  The only dish that was a disappointment was the soup, which was rather bland. The service has always been friendly.I'm just hoping the renovation hurries.  I'm needing an El Pescador "fix".
