1	Wow!.. This place is beautiful.  They did a great job on the building the patio and the original Minder Binders. Maybe they are not officially open yet or something but...... No servers on this beautiful patio?. Not sure why they would do that. And not to mention the fact there is only about two tables on the patio right now. And $4 for a can of Miller Light?..that is crazy!. I will have to stick with Four Peaks they know how to do it right. I won't be coming back to the New Minder Binders. Sorry
5	The new owners have done a fantastic job of saving the memory of this classically weird Tempe hangout.  The main 'barn' retains all the kitschy crap that made Minders so different (and somehow they cleaned off 40 years' worth of dust the stuff had accumulated).  The rest of the property has been modernized with new bar areas, two nice patios, more bathrooms (yea!) and a 2-story buffer between McClintock road.   Bummer tho - no more sand volleyball!  This is clearly a labor of love for the new owners!  I spent a whole beer just wandering around, remembering the old, and checking out the new.  The place has lots of areas still under construction during the daytime, and therefore only opens at 4:00.  They only opened on the 18th of October, so some of the staff aren't quite up to speed, and the service wasn't great.  I expect that'll change once they're 'officially' open.
5	I finally got to check this place out last night. It is so beautiful, I couldn't believe it. So much love, care and pride have gone in to this renovation. The patio is like a resort with a fire pit and a lovely, big fountain.  The inside is just so quirky and fun. Definitely bringing some class and history to the tempe area. Great date place where you can acually hear people at your table talk. Beer was cold, pizza was very yummy and original and the service was great. The best part is watching all the old regulars pop in and take pictures of their old favorite place. This place is a little far from my neighborhood but, no matter. I will surely be back soon.
5	The Mission @ Minder Binders is new and improved! They have an amazing food menu ( The pizza's specifically!) , and the staff is Friendly and Helpful. The patio is spectacular, and there's tons of things to see. A must see spot!
4	Amazing patio, great music, drinks and food. All of the staff were friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the evening outside by the fire pit. The mixed drinks were well made and the sweet chili wings were flavorful. The pizza looked great and we heard it's delicious. A fun night out!
5	Fantastic service. Had a bacon cheesdburger. It had a monstrous patty and delicious. The staff and management were all very pleasant and kind. They have TVS on every side of the bar. Great out doors area. Good Job, I will definitely be frequently visiting
5	Excellent food and beverages. Fast service. A variety of craft beer on tap. Great job on the remodel with perfect additions-outdoor patio and grills.
5	Great food, service and atmosphere! Everyone is so friendly and courteous. The alcohol selection is awesome!! They are room rentals for private parties. The patio has plenty of room for a group. Variety of people from business professionals, construction workers to the elderly. It was great hearing stories from people who had been here years ago and the "great memories" (insert cheesy grin) that this place brings back to them. A must stop and see in Tempe!!
2	Below average bar food. This place advertises that they are a restaurant but the menu is limited and the food is terrible. I'm sure it would be fun to come with a group on the weekend but do not come for lunch or dinner. $27 for 2 and I would have rather had the McDonald dollar menu. Service was good and staff was nice though.
5	first time in, staff was friendly and the owner dale is awesome! super friendly and genuine. this place is a 5 minute walk from home, I'll be back time and again. thanks for the southern comfort chicken tenders :)
5	Burger Madness back in business at Mission @ Minder Binders, went there this week what a blast, great food and craft beer on tap. Good fast pleasant service. Still has all the old with a splash of new. Great beer prices.Thanks for bringing Minder Binders back to life.Larry
5	Had lunch today with a buddy and it was like we were in a time warp...the good kind where everything is better.  The wings were great.  The food and service were as well and the new shaded patio is awesome.  Great beer selection.  Relive your college days at this icon...and remember them this time around!
5	I'll try not to use the word "fantastic" as often as I'd like, but there's really no way around it. This place is...wait for it...AWESOME! (what did you THINK I would say?)The burgers are incredibly juicy and delicious with a lightly crispy buttered bun. The sweet potato fries even had POWDERED SUGAR on them - just perfect. The barbecue sauce is some of the best I've ever tasted, and the service is top-notch. Even the music is chosen so well, from "My Girl" to "Hotel California" to current music with about 15 minutes in between. Not to mention the deep history and restoration of which inside that building. We walked around exploring it for about 20 minutes after dinner.Stop wondering where you want to eat and just GO HERE! You will not regret it :-)
5	Pass here all the time and finally stopped to check it out. It's owned by the same people as San Tan Flats so we thought it couldn't be bad...Absolutely LOVE it here! Very rustic and old school, huge area and super nice staff! Fun place to walk around and look at the all the historical decor. Not your typical college hangout, thank goodness there's still good old fashioned fun bars around. Can't wait to become regulars!
5	Excellent buns on that cheese  burger, and the Chicken Tenders are awesome. Great to see this place back in business and doing such a great job at it.
4	We came here on a Friday evening to check out the new place.  Upon arrival it was a little hard to find parking, but they had a lot of spaces.  Once we made it to the hostess stand we were informed that all seating inside was taken but there were patio tables, and we were seated right away.  The food menu is small, VERY limited, but they make their own sourdough pizza crust and we really enjoyed our pie. The beer selection was also pretty limited for craft beer snobs like myself, however, they did have Mission Carrack on draft and were serving them in PINTS!!  Yes please (I'm not sure they know the ABV of that beer).  The best part of our visit was wondering around the bar/restaurant; outside they have a really large cozy patio (one half is self serve, the other is sit down).  Inside there are booths and a bar, and plenty of interesting knickknacks to look at that came from the old Minder Binders.  The original Minder Binders was a bit before my time, but I was always curious as to what the inside looked like every time I drove past the old red barn.  Much of the infrastructure was maintained and preserved and it's like walking back in the past.  The upstairs bar, which isn't in operation yet, looks like an awesome place for live music and libations; I hope they get that up and running soon.Overall I definitely recommend coming here for the charm alone, and for some good pie and decent beer.  It wont be a regular spot because the menu is too limited, but I will certainly be back.
4	It is a very nice place I just wish they offer a better menu, The food was good and the wine ok no a great selection.
5	I'm part of the Phoenix-area comedy scene and we were given the opportunity to practice our bits every Sunday night.  We did one show in the Upstairs room and most of the comedians bombed on stage because everyone's ADD kicked in when they saw all of the things hanging on the walls and ceiling.  Sometimes that happens with people in new rooms who are less experienced in comedy (like me), but it was insane watching even the most experienced comedians do poorly at that show.  With that being said, it didn't work out the way we wanted to and we're not allowed back in, but I have no hard feelings and I hope they give us another shot.Anyway, 5-stars because this place is amazing.  Beautiful patio outside of the building, and then you walk in and the further you trek, the weirder and wilder it gets!  You think to yourself "hey, can it get weirder than this?"  Oh yes it can!  And it does from the very moment you take your first step upstairs....I can't even explain the upstairs room.  You need to check it out if you want your mind to be blown to pieces.  I wish I could talk about the food, but I got here at 10pm when the kitchen closes, so make sure you get earlier if you want food on a Sunday.It's too bad we can't do comedy here anymore because it's such a fun room!  We're sorry we weren't funny enough for Minder Binders.
4	Went to the new MinderBinder last night for the first time since it's been closed.  Great looking place, service was good, food was good.  Shrimp cocktail and panko crusted shrimp were very good; burger was excellent; pizza was good - better than expected to be honest (home made sourdough crust was tasty); chicken tenders were good too.  We'll definitely go back to hang out on the patio with friends and just relax (rained last night unfortunately).  Waaaay cleaner than the old MinderBinder - thank god!  Upstairs bar looks like fun too - just miss the old table shuffleboard that they used to have upstairs - I hope they bring it back!!!
4	Food, great. Atmosphere, great. This place has a simple menu that can please everyone. The only thing I have to comment on is the service could use a little work... The bartender is solid, though. And sometimes the lighting makes me feel like I'm being interrogated (it's a little dark and creepy). Other than that, get the deviled eggs & pineapple bacon pizza
1	Food was terrible. Do yourself a favor and head 1 block south to four peaks. This place will probably be shut down in 3 months.
2	Don't go if you have kids, they don't have high chairs and don't plan to in the future. Food was pretty good, building was cool, but the hostess, waiter and apparently management made it clear that they didn't want it to be a place where you'd bring kids. It seems like they would want families to come given that they were 90% empty on a Tuesday for lunch.
5	As a Tempe native, it was hard to imagine that a place that holds such great memories could possibly be revived to my standard, but this exceeded my expectations! The menu had the usual fare but everything is prepared fresh and has nice presentation. Even the burgers are ground fresh daily! Who does that?!My wedge salad was one of the best EVER with fresh cooked bacon and a nice big chunks of blue cheese. (My mouth waters as I think about it! )The server was great but appeared to be short-staffed so we had a little extra time to visit before getting our food but it arrived hot and fresh. The burger patty to go with my salad was delish and also prepared perfectly. Be sure to check out all the cool stuff on the walls and ceilings! These are all the items I remember from my youth. A special thanks for reviving such great memories! We've lost so many Tempe landmarks to development that it makes this place an even more treasured establishment that I look forward to returning to again and again!
4	Skip the hostess station. Didn't seem to care if we stayed or not. Sat at the bar. Staff was great, friendly!  Will come back for food, pizza and burger were really good.
5	We celebrated my husbands 60th birthday here with good friends, The service was excellent, the food was Delish. We had a large party and the entire staff was wonderful. The place has so many memories we had a blast and closed the place down at the end of the night.Go Go Go.
4	This place was a long awaited revival of an Arizona staple. The original Minder Binders was an awesome Barn shaped building, with peanuts on the floor, and random brick-a-brack all over. The Mission @ Minder Binders basically pulled the kitchen OUT of the center of the bar, and moved it to a separate building, but left a majority of the fun intact. There is still the moose with the cigarette, still Bush Senior in a wedding dress, and lots and lots of beer signs. The menu is significantly smaller than expected - mostly burgers and salads. There are also a few chicken dishes. The cocktail menu is decent, but not consistent. My father ordered a class "Harvey Wallbanger" and it was awful. We actually googled the recipe on our phone to show to waiter. He was rather offended he sent the drink back, and continued to ask "what we didn't like about it..." and we explained several times over that it wasn't a Harvey Wallbanger. That aside, this place is so stitched with nostalgia and fond memories, we will be back. Hope to see you there.
5	Tried the sourdough pizza! Yum!!  Today was the first day they served Red Velvet cake!! Delicious!!! Glad to see they are adding items to their dessert menu. Typically great, friendly service from their staff! Go upstairs and check out their game room too. Great fun and flashbacks.
3	I wasn't psyched about the food here.  In fact I stopped at Taco Bell on the way home if that tells you anything.  The service was good and they have a nice outdoor patio but I wouldn't come back for the food.  I tried the cheese curds and Wedge salad.  It was your average bar food menu and tastes, but nothing out of the ordinary.
5	What a flash to the past.  I had no idea that they were going to keep everything that was in the original Minderbinders.  What an awesome job they have done with everything.  The food is exceptional.  Even better than before. Going back soon!
5	The burgers made fresh daily are great, and the pizza is among the best in the valley.Nice, cozy atmosphere.
