2	A BAD Surprise at the RideNow in Surprise, AZ.  Last week I rode into RideNow to buy a new face shield for my KBC helmet.  After looking around a bit I finally went up to the parts desk and ask if they had a replacement face shield.  The sales person looked at my helmet and said he had never heard of KBC.  He went back into the office and came back and told me that KBC was out of business.  I thanked them for their information and told them I would come back and buy a new helmet.  I went home and checked online and KBC is indeed still in business and still produces my helmet and sells parts including face shields.  I also did a store location search on the KBC  site and found that the RideNow in Peoria carrys my helmet and parts.  This has left a really negative feeling about the store in Surprise.  Honesty and integrity are really important.  I will not be going back to RideNow in Surprise.
1	We are having some motorcycle issues. My brother has been building bikes and cars for over 25 years, so he is walking Dragnet through what needs to be done. Basically his 2012 bikes chain came off.. Not good. Not his fault. He actually flipped off the bike when the chain came off. on Bell road, luckily nobody took him out. Now he has a lot of $$$$ work that needs to be done. And you bet your butt Ride Now will be covering it. From what I have read and heard, I'd stay away from here when it comes to buying anything with a motor.
5	Just purchased a 2012 v star 1300 the staff was very helpful and made the purchase process quick and easy!
5	This place rocks!! I just took my LT500 (banshee killer) in for  a service and to get my new +14 chrome swingarm installed.  Great service, great location (close to Sbucks).  The staff was nice, the service was fast and cheap, and my Zilla is still the king of the hill!  As a side note this guy Matt was super cool.  I think he owns the place or something.  Ask him to do his arm trick, its comical!  Thanks Ridenow Surprise.
5	Good customer service and explanation of what was needed for my Fury.  They were quicker to help than Ridenow Peoria.I noticed that Yelp has filtered out most of the good reviews of this place?!?!  Why would they do this?
4	Great Place!
5	Five stars because it smells so good in here. I want to get something here so bad. The people here are helpful and so nice. You can get lost in here and trapped in the small spaces in between scooters motorcycles ATVs and all the fun stuff. There is not much room to walk around when you constantly run into toys and accessories. Very tempting. Wish I was Rollin in the dough it would be on and crackalackin.
5	My husband and I were in the market for first side by side. We went back and forth on what we actually wanted to do though and had 102 questions. I called Ride Now Surprise and a sales rep named Kevin answered. I went over a couple of my basic questions and concerns and he was really helpful. I explained to him that we were still thinking about it and would get back in touch. A week or so later Kevin called to do a customer service follow up and to see if there were any other questions I had that he could assist with. I didn't at the time as we were still on the fence if we wanted to make a large purchase. One evening my husband and I decided to go down to the Peoria store just to look at the inventory and see if we even liked the new models (we live in Glendale so it was much easier to go there). When we walked it no one greeted us and when we did find someone we were made to feel like we were below them and couldn't afford anything in their store. They walked us to the warehouse so we could look at a used model and when we walked in the back my husband mentioned that they had a lot more inventory then he would have thought. The rep said 'yup we stack em' high and sell them for even more'. We knew right then that we didn't and wouldn't buy anything from the Peoria location. And to be honest.. just had a sour taste for the Ride Now franchise in general.On our way home I thought that I would give Kevin a call because he had been so helpful in the past. That night we went out to the Surprise location to take a look at what they had in stock. Just walking into that location vs. Peoria was completely different. There were a few people that greeted us and asked if we needed any help. Kevin spent time with us and went over the different models we were looking at and price points. At NO time did I even feel like my money wasn't good enough there or that I was an idiot for asking really basic questions like we did at Peoria. My husband and I were really indecisive and teetered back and forth on what we wanted to do but Kevin was SO patient. There was only 2 14' models left so we knew that if we wanted to do it we need to decide fast but he never pressured us to make a decision on the spot because he understood that it's a big purchase. (I was about a week between the first time we looked at the unit until we decided to buy it and I probably talked to Kevin at least once, if not more times a day with different questions.Long story short (or not so short I guess) we are now the proud  owners of a new 2014 Polaris Ranger Crew LE. Even though I live not too far from the Peoria location, I will continue to make the drive out to Surprise due to the amazing customer service I received from the staff..
1	I would give this place negative stars if that was possible!!! MOST HORRIBLE SERVICE EVER!!! DO NOT PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM THEM:  We purchased a RZR  900 Jagged X and a Honda TRX 700XX on October 16th.  We were lied to by the sales associate, the sales manager and the finance manager on multiple occasions.  Both of our units did not work and required serious repairs before they were operational.  Which the dealership attempted to have us pay for.  It took them a month to get the plates to us for the TRX700 and over two months later they still can't tell us where the plates for the RZR are or even if they have submitted for them.  their General manager is not returning our calls so we are posting our story every where we can.  Our review is much much longer with over 2 months of back and forth and having our units there on multiple occasions at times for 2 weeks.  We want help getting what we paid over $20,000 for.
5	As a rider since 1977, I have seen it, heard it, done it and watched the evolution of motorcycling in Arizona. I grew up at 75th Ave. & Bell Rd., when the roads were dirt and the land was filled with orange groves.When RideNow PS came into the valley, they came in like a Wal-Mart of riding. Some of their staff lacked the support and resources to be as efficient and productive as the community needed them to be. Some of the staff were downright asses, and that unfortunately gave RideNow a big black eye.Recently my husband and I wanted to buy the new Yamaha FJ-09's. ABS, traction control, adjustable everything, comfortable upright position without losing the feel of a sport bike. Being that the model was so new, we had no other option than to go to RideNow and suck it up.Not only was the salesman, Stephen Brown (in the Surprise store) very informative, but he kept in touch with us via texting and phone as we had questions surface. They only had one of the bikes we wanted, and I sure wasn't going to give mine up, so they found another one in red for the hubby. We countered their asking price and they accepted.From the moment we came in to make the purchases, they were friendly, knowledgeable, and offered the best service. We dealt with Stephen, the salesman, spent all the time we wanted and needed with the sales manager Chip, and had an opportunity to sit and talk with the head of the service department. He was able to address any questions we had. We walked out of the dealership and knew we had acquired exactly what we wanted at the price we were comfortable with. We also had found new riding friends.I also own a rider training school in Arizona called RideSmart Motorcycle Training, Inc. We have no affiliation with any dealership and choose to keep it that way. It's up to the consumer to pick what is right for them. We don't care what you ride, it's that you ride. With the experience that we had at RideNow, I feel really comfortable recommending my students to their store. I can't say that the previous reputation would have led me to do that, but I now have seen first-hand, they have good people working there.I'm not paid or get anything for writing this. Go there, decide for yourself. Make your own opinion. One of my personal favorites for gear is still the Helmet Center  (don't ever finance your safety gear or you'll pay too much over the length of the loan). But for a bike, scooter, Slingshot, CanAm, RideNow Surprise has a couple of new fans. Just know that they folks working there now are the best of the best.Angela OrtonOwner, RideSmart Motorcycle Training, Inc.www.MotorcycleTrainingAZ.com
