5	Wow! I am wondering if we even went to the same place??! I have been here 2 times, each time was amazing. There are a lot of people working there yes, but I assume since they just opened they are training as many people as they can before ASU opens. The sandwiches are priced amazing $5 for a toasted sub. The bread is a chibaata hybrid that is chewy yet soft. The milkshakes are some of the best shakes I have ever had, hand scooped and the little cookies they put on top are a perfect combination. Speaking of cookies, the oatmeal chip cookies are soooo good! Come here for good sandwiches, amazeaballs shakes, and freshly baked cookies. You can't beat the prices!!!!
5	Ok "Steve"...I'm a little suspicious of one star reviews when it looks as if this person has just opened an account and has little to NO history of writing reviews.....I am a fan of Potbelly - a regular stop when in D.C. For work, was excited when one popped up downtown and am elated there is one closer to the East side!Picked up a to go order the other day, many employees, many are likely training and all had a FABULOUS attitude! Got home 20 minutes later and our sandwiches were warm and the bread was not compromised by the oil we asked to be added, chewy delicious bread, quality ingredients and amazing service - typical and expected of Potbelly! I will be frequenting this shop and picked up a catering menu for my company's lunches....Whenever I see "questionable" reviews - it only feeds my fire to support businesses - so keep it coming "Steve" - potbelly will succeed -primarily because you don't want it to! ;)
4	So happy that this gem made it to Arizona! I stopped in on my way home to pick up lunch yesterday afternoon. There is a bit of construction going on on Rural but it didn't obstruct from turning into the lot they share with Starbucks. It'd been awhile, so I checked out the menu for a bit and decided to get the wreck and an oreo shake. I couldn't wait to get home and dig in. The sandwich isn't a footlong (maybe 6-8''?), but they jam so much tasty into it. And the shake was perfectly crafted - not too thick so I was able to enjoy immediately, but not too watery either.
3	Potbelly sandwiches, what a hype machine! After months of hearing about their "amazing" subs that supposedly make customers "salivate" at the mere thought of eating one its easy to say I was quite intrigued and excited to see that the location nearby my apartment had finally opened. Deciding to stop in for a quick bite before work, I was immediately hit with a good vibe. Decor is well done here. Everything fits the sandwich stop demeanor quite well. Simple menu. Simpler ordering. What could go wrong?Needless to say things were going well at the start of my experience. It's obvious the store just opened though as the massive crowd of employees, probably being trained, were doing jobs meant for a team half the size. Not a bad thing per say, just an observation. I decided on getting "The Wreck," a sandwich with salami, roast beef, turkey, ham, and Swiss. An interesting ensemble of deli meats but sonically appetizing nonetheless. Whole grain bread, mayo, hot peppers, lettuce, onions, and tomato are My usual toppings and as such I had all of them put on the sandwich. I really appreciate them being upfront about caloric values of each item of the menu as well. Service was incredibly smooth. Probably the greatest part of my first Potbelly  experience and I definitely hand it to the management for getting a team that large to function cohesively. Also putting the potato salad in front of the cash register was a clever way to get suckers like me to add one to the order... God knows i couldn't resist.Unfortunately, I wish I could say the food impressed me nearly as much as the service. First and foremost is the lackluster bread. While I appreciate the bread avoiding the oddly popular "air bread" motif places like subway serve, the taste just was not there. Dry, flaky, and dull. Not my cup of tea. The quantity of meat is average for a sandwich shop of this type. Just enough was placed on to assure myself that I wasn't being blatantly ripped off. I just wish the quality of the meat was any good. Before delving in, I pulled one piece of each meat to taste individually from the sandwich itself. Not much to say about it except that if I wanted Hillshire Farms caliber meat I'd make the sandwich myself. Strike two. The lettuce I received was reaching expiration as well. Many of the strands of lettuce had slightly brown edges and my god was there an immense amount of it. Without going into too much more detail I think it's safe to say the sandwich itself was really nothing to write home about. Incredibly average and sometimes subpar components? No thanks. Luckily my potato salad was tasty, but who cares? I came here for the sandwich. Probably wont be returning here. Potbelly gets three stars only decor and great service. The food however needs some work and since its a chain, I highly doubt the change will ever come. Thankfully I only spent about $7...
5	This was my first time to ever go to pot belly. The sandwich I ordered was "a wreck". The employees there are very nice and made ordering a breeze! The toppings I got were pickles, which are not sliced like they usually  are but sliced long and thin (which I think is better cause now I get some pickle in every bite), mayo, and lettuce. The sandwich tasted great and I'm glad we now have a toasted sandwich shop near the ASU area.
4	Yum yum yum! Their sandwiches are so good! Think of it like Subway/Quiznos style but WAAAAYYYY better! They even have huge pickles and awesome cookies to buy too! Totally will be back to try one of their shakes as I hear those are amazing too.
4	Tried the new location on rural and broadway. Service was fast and friendly. Ordered the roast beef and the Mediterranean chicken. Both were really good. Will definitely be going back again to try more.
5	Let's be clear, I have been going to the original location on Lincoln Avenue in Chicago since the early 90's.  I just ordered the roast beef, extra meat, with everything, no hot peppers and also extra mayo and mustard.  BBQ chips with a root beer.  It was made just how I remember it from years ago.  Just terrific!  Of course, I finished with an Oreo milk shake.  Great finish.  I cannot wait for Potbelly to open on the west side...
3	My friend Candace is always telling me how good is place is so we went here for lunch today. There was a lot of variety and for me that's a big deal. I got a grilled chicken and cheddar sandwich with bacon on white bread. It was good but I didn't think it was spectacular. If I would recommend this place over a Jimmy John's but I don think its on the level of Cheba Hut as far as toasted subs go. All in all it was good I would go again if I were in the area.
3	I love potbellys but for the price the sandwiches are small. Back in Chicago the potbelly sandwiches are bigger? Or at least I don't ever remember them being that small?!?
3	I had been waiting for this location to open for awhile to give it a try, including stopping several times before they were open thinking they were.It seems like I got a bit ahead of myself on how good this might actually be. This isn't the super sandwich shop I was hoping for. It's more the Quiznos to Jimmy John's Subway. The comparison between JJ's and Potbelly is accurate as I feel they both want to present themselves as a more gourmet option to the Subway's and Silver Mines of the world, but really a just a new option on about the same level.I had the italian sandwich here and while the meats are pretty tasty I didn't think there was much on their and it seemed greasy. The greasy feel was compounded by the fact that when I passed on mayo and mustard and opted for oil I got a sub drenched in it. I think with less oil the flavors of the meats would have come out more. I think the size of the sandwich was rather small as it was comparable in length to a Subway 6" just wider and more bread. I do have to say the bread was quite good.I am willing to go back and give potbelly a second chance as the price was reasonable enough that it is worth another shot. Maybe something else will be a more favorable sub.
4	My 1st time to this new location. I'm a big fan of the Chicago locations, especially at Midway. I tried their newer chicken cheddar w/ bacon and didn't care for it. The chicken tastes processed. I have a turkey to take home and try though! I'll come back for the quick service and to give them a second shot.
4	Personally, I don't believe anyone's review when they complain about prices at a cheap sandwich shop. It's a sandwich. It's under $10. What is there to complain about? Beats the hell out of a Subway. Blarg.
4	Delicious toasted subs, friendly employees, clean establishment. What Subway wishes it could be.
4	Visited Potbelly on a Saturday around 12:30PM.Skip to the last paragraph for the short and sweet review.I've seen this place a few times and finally had a good opportunity to stop in and grab a to-go order.  I like the name and figured it would be average (worst case), but hopefully I would be surprised.This location shares a building space with Starbucks.   Although parking is a bit limited I found a space straight away.I found the decor warm and inviting.  It smelled of toasted bread, a plus in my opinion.After a short wait for two people ahead of me a very pleasant and friendly person, Ann I believe, took my order.I ordered a tuna salad sub on multigrain bread as well as one of their signature sandwiches called "A Wreck" on their white bread.   I also substituted cheddar cheese on the wreck and no cheese on the tuna salad.  They toast their sandwiches, so into the toaster they went.  When they come out the other side you can ask to add your choice of condiments. I asked for lettuce, tomato and onion on both, with some Italian seasoning on the Wreck. I added some Zipps kettle chips (delicious chips made in Louisiana) and a sugar cookie.My bill came to a total of $13 and change.  Most of the sandwich options are around $5.I was in and out in under 10 minutes.Arriving home I tried half of each sandwich along with the BBQ Zipps chips and found everything to be pretty good.  The bread toasted up nicely, leaving a crusty exterior.  Based on the price, I felt the sub had adequate amounts of ingredients.  There were options on the menu for extra meat and the like.  The sandwiches themselves were around 7 inches.Although it was not mind blowing or life altering...I mean, it's a sandwich shop for Pete's sake!  The place was nice, clean and had a pleasant and friendly staff.  Service was quick and efficient.  The food was good.  Would I go back again? Yes.
1	Who copied who? Did Quizno come before Potbelly - these two chains are exactly the same, lousy. Potbelly says they slice their sandwiches fresh, but the dude (who annoyingly called me and every other guy "Boss') did not slice anything. He might have sliced it a week ago and then he just grabbed it and put in my sandwich. To top it off, the turkey is another low quality variety that is suitable for cow feed. Yeah, that's why the prices are so cheap - it was five bucks for the food and the turkey quality was masked because it looks like a wrap with alot of bread and toppings jammed inside. This is one time I was glad there wasn't alot of meat in my sandwich. College kids and construction workers will like this crap, but you ain't fooling the rest of the smart eaters in America, well maybe you are because of your snappy name and grand openings that require a PR agent, but never again for this guy. You also charge $3.50 for a tiny cup of soup. Bah Humbug.
5	Midwest gem finally comes to Arizona!You can't go wrong with anything in their menu, but you have to try the hot peppers on the side.  They are fresh made and delicious as hell!  Plus you can buy a big jar of it if ya want.  I've tried a few different soups and they are all fresh, hot and delicious.  The broccoli and cheese is among the best I've tried.I am addicted to THE WRECK, so good.  Meat is generous portions, fresh, and seasoned well.  Get bacon.  Extra bacon if you can.  It's really good here.  The Italian is also near perfection.  Load up on veggies here!.. Nice and fresh and tasty!Nice ambience, plenty of seating options (tall tables, inside/outside, etc), and good customer service.  This is one of my favorite lunch spots.TIP Get there at 1130 or earlier to beat the weekday lunch rush.  BACON!!!!!  MORE BACON!!!!!
4	Very bomb sandwich place choose this place over Jimmy John's and Subway. The milkshakes are great you can combine two flavors of your choosing and they're very tasty! I also love how they can toaster subs through toaster to make them toasty!
3	I stopped into Potbelly on a Saturday afternoon. The store is clean and the staff was friendly. They gave me a quick run down of the process since I had never been in before. I ordered a turkey sandwich and got mini cookies as well.The process and the sandwich itself reminded me of Quiznos. They send it through the toaster and then you have your choice of cold toppings. The ingredients were fresh and flavorful and the bread was good too - nice crusty French bread.Overall the sandwich was good but not a real knockout per se. Maybe I was expecting more since I had heard people raving about this place. If you like toasted subs, you'll like it. Would I go back? Sure. Would I go out of my way to go back? Not likely, especially if there was a Jimmy Johns closer.
4	A step above Jimmy Johns and 2x as good as SubwayThe Wreck with everything is my Go-To order but their other options like the Pizza Sub is pretty decent as well.Only wish is that they were a bit cheaper or offered a bigger portion
3	My friend recommended this place to me and hyped it up a great deal, so I was super excited to come here! I decided to order the "special" as in what they recommend I try. In this case, I got "The Wreck". How they made the sandwich was simple and clean, toasting the bread for a solid minute or so. After that they build the sandwich in front of you, it was well presented and made. Now onto the big part: The taste.The sandwich itself was good, with the main ingredients being Salami, Roast Beef, Turkey, Ham, & Swiss Cheese. It was clean to eat and was warm due to coming straight out of the oven.The main reason why i'm giving this place 3 stars is due to the simplicity and lack of ingredients. While the ingredients were good, it felt like I was eating meat on bread with melted cheese, not a well crafted and thought out sandwich with a multitude of complex and intricate flavors.Overall, this place is much better than Quiznos, Subway, or Jimmy Johns. I plan on stopping by occasionally, but it won't be my go to place.
4	I'm partial to Potbelly because it was the first meal I had in my new place after a full weekend of hauling boxes and furniture. I guess you can say it holds a special place in my heart and it doesn't hurt that it's a five minute drive from my place. I've only had one thing here, the roast beef sandwich. As far as roast beef goes, theirs is solid-flavorful, never dry and it's one of their lower calorie options if you're into that. I like Potbelly because it's simple-sometimes I don't want to choose from 8 different types of bread and you'll never have to do that here. Their toppings are simple too-lettuce, tomato, hot/sweet peppers, onions, mustard, etc., but when the quality is there, things don't need to be complicated. I take off one star for the wait time. While the service is friendly, the wait for one sandwich, even when I take into account the toasting process, is just too long for me.If you're looking for a good quality sandwich and don't want to make 50 different decisions to do it, Potbelly is your place!
3	This Potbelly location was clean, the service was great, and parking was tight. The sandwiches were OK - nothing spectacular. I think Quiznos is better. The prices were average - about $8.00 with tax for a sandwich and chips. Be sure to ask for mayo, mustard or oil, otherwise the sandwich will be dry.
3	Inexpensive sandwiches freshly prepared for you. The options are pretty basic, with your standard meats such as turkey and roast beef, with all the toppings you'd normally find in a sandwich (e.g., Onions, lettuce, tomato). They do have a nicely piquant spicy pepper topping, which packs a punch! Like others have mentioned, it's kind of like a step up from Jimmy John's, in that the ingredients are better, with bigger portions, but it's not a sandwich I'll necessarily crave.One plus here is that they sell Zapp's chips, for those that want kettle cooked spicy goodness!
4	This is my second time visiting Potbelly. Both times I've great service and delicious sandwiches. I like that they toast their subs. Can't wait to go back!
5	Super good!  Great sandwiches, friendly and helpful staff, and fast service without skimping on quality.  Also, very reasonably priced.  I will be going back to this sandwich place.
