5	I WILL NOT go anywhere else!! It is family owned and they are awesome people! Very helpful and knowledgeable the staff is, I highly recommend this store to any over priced chain hand's down but that's just me.
5	When buying large ticket items I always shop around (gun shows, Cabella's, Sportsmen's, Shooter's World). Lone Wolf has really fair prices on guns, holsters, and ear protection. They have a good selection and if you don't find what you're looking for, they'll order it for you. A couple of the older gentlemen that work there are a little gruff, but the pretty lady that's been there awhile, Michelle, is always so nice. She is very patient, knowledgable, helpful, and takes the time to answer all of my questions. I read the negative review, even if you have your CCW, if your address isn't current on your drivers license any retailer will require you to update your license, so use your old address !
5	Best prices in town. Smith and Wesson 9 mil. And .40 cal with two clips for $329. After tax each. They gave me a discount on a holster and 5 free targets as well.
1	Best prices in town yes,  but worst customer service.  Everyone I talked to there is extraordinarily rude! Don't believe me? Call them and ask a question.  ANY question will do.  I want to spend my money locally with local small businesses, just not with LWTC,  not any more.
1	This place has terrible customer service. I went in there this morning to purchase a XDM .45 Cal. After waiting at counter for over 5 mins with one of the employees siting right in front of me reading a newspaper. I finally interrupted his newspaper reading  for some assistant with the gun and was told "I hate XDM's so I couldn't tell you anything about it". Now everyone has their personal opinion but I wasn't asking for his, I just wanted to see the gun I was going to purchase. He was very rude and didn't seem to care about my business therefor I left and purchased the gun down the road at Randall's.
1	The owner of this shop, Andre Johnson, sold a majority of the guns used in Fast and Furious and then had an extensive conversation with ATF agent Hope MacAllister about covering it up:  http://www.westernjournalism.com/tales-from-fast-and-furious-part-6-obama-administration-cover-up/  Johnson is not a gun owner.  I consider his actions to be so reprehensible that I will not ever buy anything from him.  There is lots of competition out there that won't sell to straw purchasers like he did, knowing the guns would go to the cartel in Mexico.  If any of the gun laws were actually being enforced, he should be out of business
1	I have been in this store  several times and have usually found the staff to be very arrogant and condescending. Also, needed to price some case lots of ammo and thought that I could do better elsewhere, for example, United Nations Ammo Co. who actually acts like they appreciates my business.
5	Always been nice and helpful anytime I have been in there. I Go there about once a month looking for ammo
5	Checked in but with the ammo scare going on I did not get anything today, maybe next time
4	Decent selection and prices considering the state of the industry right now. I wouldn't drive across the valley to go here, but if you're in the area they're worth stopping in.
1	Acceptable pricing but in order to get that pricing, you'll have to sacrifice customer service.Two examples:1) Was looking for a .45 M&P Compact with a Thumb Switch Safety. The thin, grizzled old cowboy sitting down immediately behind the counter where the M&Ps were displayed looked condescending down his nose at me and watched as I inspected their stock. It wasn't until I asked to be helped did he let out a sigh and curtly ask what I wanted. I explained what I was looking for, that I was used to 1911s and shot with a high support hand thumb and wanted an M&P with a thumb switch. Again he sighed and said he had nothing for me and fell silent as he stared at me, counting the seconds we were breathing to same air.I asked if he could make any suggestions on other items I could look at, check availability with Smith and Wesson to potentially order one or know when they'd be getting a stocking quantity. He replied with a definitive "NOPE" before going back to his blank stare. I politely thanked him for his time, to which I could not coax a mere your welcome or appreciation for my trip. I drove 2 miles down the road to Randall's and was politely greeted, qualified and sold on the exact model and caliber I asked for.2) I was looking to purchase an FN FiveseveN for a large frame daily carry pistol. The fat, always tired old man who seemingly runs the place seemed like he had everything better in the world to do than to sell a $13000 pistol to me and gave very short replies and unhelpful answers to every educated and well researched question I had about the operation and design of the unique firearm including it's delayed recoil system, round ballistics and manual of arms. I was the only customer in the store on a weekday and had just under 2 grand burning a hole in my pocket looking to add another firearm to my collection, but since his customer service and knowledge base was beyond lack luster and his pricing was perfectly average, I left, called Scottsdale Gun Club where I was enthusiastically greeted and given the run down on the pistol and round ballistics and even invited to test fire their demo model with the rental fee waived since I was in the market for the gun. The pricing between gun stores in Arizona are so similar, Lone Wolf no longer seems to have a reason to exist. Every time I walk into this ghost town of a store, I get treated like dirt and blown off. This store is a relic of a by-gone age when you would have to jump through hoops and deal with crap customer service and poor selection in order to buy a firearm. With the cropping up of online firearm dealers and the proliferation of larger and small scale retail stores, combined with manufactures setting minimum advertising prices, stores that don't rate customer service, repeat business and a welcoming store front high will die and wither away.Here's hoping Lone Wolf does just that.
1	If you shop here make sure you know exactly what you're buying, the sales reps will lie to your face without a second thought just to sell a couple things. With all the gun stores in Arizona the last one I would pick again is one with a widespread and well earned "used car salesmen" reputation. Shop elsewhere.
1	This place has in equal parts, bad vibe and attitude. I went in asking If they can process a Gun Broker purchase and checking their pistol inventory. Needless to say, after getting an old trucker-looking woman to get off a stool, I found the price was fair, but they had no e-mail, and said the seller needed to fax his form.Who uses faxes besides maybe healthcare?There was also an older skinny trucker-looking guy there who just sat there glaring, very strange.I found a FFL Provider for 10 less and no attitude.Gun prices are fair, but I won't buy from these weirdos.
5	I've purchased many guns from Lone Wolf over the past few years, and I have to say that I find them absolutely wonderful: The staff is helpful, professional and polite. The prices are the lowest in town, period.The only reason I don't rank Lone Wolf as my favorite, but only second favorite gunstore, is that they don't really do trades - if you're looking to trade, you should probably look elsewhere; their business model seems to be more of a discount/wholesale model, used guns don't really seem to fit into that model. Other than that, I find them pretty darn perfect.  The proprietor, Andre, is a wonderful individual of great integrity, with a big heart, and he's absolutely hilarious; if you have some time ask his opinion on the subject of marriage, and enjoy the (lenghty) response - It'll be one of the funniest things you'll ever hear:)As with any other gunstore, you should know some basic etiquette: Don't be rude, don't be pushy, and treat the employees as you'd like to be treated; with respect.Highly recommended!
5	My go-to FFL whenever I need something transferred. Great people, really easy to deal with, you can just call them up and give them the sender's fax number, no need to go in to set things up like you have to with many other places. They have a moderate selection of firearms at great prices. Nothing out of the ordinary, lots of Springfield, Glock, S&W and Ruger firearms. My only real complaint if I had one would be the lack of variety, because I have a taste for stuff like FNH and CZ.
5	Great service, and knowledge.  Prices decent.  No pressure, wound up buying two guns.  Recommend!
5	Maybe the negative reviews were expecting milk and cookies as they walk in and a weapon sitting on a podium with their name on it?? When I went in, I did have to get the attention of Jamie for a second, but isn't that how engaging contact works?? They let me hold each weapon until I found the one I felt connected to, regardless of firing it yet. Their prices are legit and they know what they are talking about. They aren't there to become bffs or scare you out of the store. Just be yourself, don't be a two year old and throw a fit and get yourself a weapon at a great shop. Nothing more nothing less. Thanks lone wolf. I'll see you guys soon.
1	I have been going in lone wolf on and off for many years. I still ask myself why? My wife also agrees i need to stop spending money there. Everyone  besides the girl are very rude. I actually feel like there is racial tension. What other reason would there be an attitude. Honestly I leave there confused everytime. Trying to figure out if its just me or do others receive the same treatment. Screw lone wolf i don't want to be friends. Just kill the chips on your shoulders. Look and talk to me like a man. I have a ugly side too except i know when to use it.
3	I have been a customer for almost 20 years.Customer service is a bit of a mixed bag. A couple of their employees are top notch. A couple could stand some customer service training. They are competitively priced and many times the most affordable place to buy a handgun. I wouldn't buy a rifle, shotgun, or ammo there because for some reason they charge more than average on those items. Makes no sense.They are also a great place to do an FFL transfer. I'll explain for those that don't know.... Often I can find a gun online for about the same price or cheaper than locally. Shipping is usually included in the price. You can't have the gun shipped to your house because you need to do the proper paperwork. Lone Wolf tends to be a preferred dealer for many or most online retailers. This eliminates some minor hassle. So if I find a gun that costs $500 at Lone Wolf, with taxes it will be about $550. If I find it online, I pay $500 to the retailer and $25 to Lone Wolf for the transfer. I just saved $25.
