5	My friend told me that Glen Lerner (well, his firm anyways) handled tickets, which was news to me since I thought they were strictly personal injury attorneys. I was worried about getting stuck with an unfair ticket, so I figured why not? It turns out that, despite the catchy jingles and the quirky sense of humor shown in the commercials, the firm is extremely professional and handled everything really well. Great communication- and I asked a LOT of questions.  My ticket was reduced, and I really couldn't be happier. If I'm ever in an accident, I'm sure their number will still be stuck in my head.
3	By far the LAZIEST, most unhelpful front desk staff imaginable. I was ignored when I walked in since they were busy chatting, then told to sign in. I signed in at 2:09 and was told they'd tell Mike I was here. I had already spoken to him so he was expecting me. 20 minutes later I approached the desk to ask how much longer he would be. The girl says, "I emailed him but he hasn't written back." REALLY?? Get off your butt and go tell him OR god forbid you pick up a phone and tell him! Mike came out and had no idea I was sitting there.  Mike, the case manager is great. Apologized, was thorough with our meeting and incredibly helpful. And I love the office decor.
4	My case manager was easily accessible and responded to my questions promptly.  My attorney sat down with me, went over the circumstances surrounding my case and took the time to answer all of my questions. Very helpful and courteous.
5	Well, today is my first day at Glen Lerner and Associates law office. The customer service here is pretty good, and they got me in relatively quickly after my accident/injury. The associates are all very helpful and very calmly and will keep in touch on a daily basis. I feel comfortable that they're not just taking my case Because they are money hungry. They know what they're doing and seem to be able to do it to the best of their ability. I have had a lot of people use this lawyer before for injuries and it had great experiences as well. I hope that I can trust them until the end so I can refer them to people if needed.
2	I'll update my review when they settle my case.
1	Still waiting to be contacted by my third case manager. I was told a new attorney was taking over the case and my new case manager would update me. It's been two weeks since that was told to me. I guess I will just keep waiting.
3	???
1	Don't ever use them if you get into an accident!!!  They will not help you get money back on your case.  They will cost you money!!! They have the worse customer service and they never return phone calls.  My case from 2007 was settled years ago and i just received a call from the physical therapy office that I treated at saying that my bills were never paid and I owe them $700.00.  This is bullshit because my case was settled and Glen Lerner's office said all bills would be paid before paying me.  They are a ripoff and are not into helping you.
2	I am Extremely Disappointed in this law firm.  First, the TV Ads are misleading.  Second, my wife and I were involved in a multi car accident.  Third. The accident occurred over 6 mos. prior and my vehicle has yet to be repaired.  Fourth. the attorney whom was supposedly handling the case; had to find a trial lawyer outside the firm.  Apparently, the attorney lacks certain specialized skills required to be successful!!
1	I retained this firm in April of 2013.  My file has been moved around to numerous different people...no one ever calls. They do not return calls. I am an attorney and I can tell you that if I ran my office in this manner, i would be out of business.  I met with my attorney in november...he was going to make a demand to the insurance company and get back to me after the first of the year....8 months later and several calls later...NOTHING!I do not have one unsolicited call form them and I do not have ONE copy of a letter from them.They are a disgrace to the legal profession and I am considering ethics charges
3	???
