5	I'm not a morning person, so their late days are super convenient for my schedule. Dr Hale and her staff are very nice and professional, but it's also very personal service. It was pretty ironic for a dentist to hand out Christmas sugar cookies, but Dr. Hale had a good point - sugar isn't bad as long as you brush and floss
5	Dr. Hale is an amazing dentist! I felt at ease with the staff and was won over by the wonderful purple walls. I have had some horrible experiences in the past with dentist and I was afraid when I went into the office. The receptionist put me at ease and the x-rays and cleaning went off without a hitch. Dr. Hale is the icing on the cake and I will be back in two weeks for my filings to be replaced. I love this whole office!
5	It took me a long time and many different dentists before finding one that I love and would recommend to friends and family. Green Valley Dental Care was recommended by a coworker who said that she didn't like dentists until she found them. Everyone in the office is incredibly nice in that genuine kind of way that you want. The office is always clean (smells good), is inviting, tidy...they are personable and makes point to remember concerns you may have had two years ago (just saying), they are on it.I will continue to go there and recommend others to do the same.
5	Dr Hale is the best. Im not trying to get my grill worked on. Ever. Not to overemphasize; but I hate going to "the dentist", but when the dentist means a visit with this staff it is tolerable. I swooped in lightly medicated and was out in a jiffy. Shiney teeth, even ol chopper in the front. Yea I name my teeth, what of it. Contact these people for a pain free mouth tune up.
5	Dr. Hale is the best dentist in the world. The reason?She is good looking, good looking and also, good looking.I would also like to give the staff 2.5 goodlookings. Especially HMS Macy, Dental Dog. She gets an HMSbecause she can float on demand.Macy is so well-behaved you'd think she was a rocking chair, insteadof the smartest border collar in the world. The last time I was there, I asked Macy "How would you describe 36grit sandpaper?" Her answer? Ruff. That's right Macy,you angel you.You're probably wondering why I'm so mirthful and ofgood cheer. They say dying is easy and comedy ishard. Nonsense. It's only difficult if your teeth areunhappy. My teeth are as happy as the turkey whosejust been given a presidential pardon.My teeth are happy because Letti Hale and her staffhave been so good to them. Why would you go anywhere else?XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXI didn't want to leave the page without telling The Yelpreadership what they need to know about Green Valley Dental. Just the facts ma/am. I chose Dr. Hale's practiceafter a month of due diligence. She was one of six dentists I researched and ultimately interviewed. My questions were specific to my dental health which Iassumed had deteriorated to the point that I might needdentures. When I say "interviewed", I mean an office visit, checkup and a discussion of the results of the checkup. Two of the dentists misrepresented my dental health, and in fact, lied about the X-rays they took. Dr. Hale was much more thorough and realisticin her assessment. And much less expensive. Dr. Hale was the fifth dentist in the field. I chose one more asa check on the input I had up until that point. His results could not have been more emphatic. "Two ofthese dentists did not examine the same mouth I did.(There was nothing wrong with the X-rays. Whereas the X-rays showed gaps of 1 and 2, the dentists declared gaps of 4 and 5 when examining the teeth)If they did, well..........I'd love to pull all your teeth and replace them with dentures and inserts. But that would be dishonest. You need 14 and 19 extracted, and crowns on 28 and 31. His exam and Dr Hale's were so much alike you could have called them coincident. Since Dr. Hale recommended a treatment plan that was much less expensive AND she's the prettiest girl in the world, she got the BIZ. The sojourn I've just detailedtook place in April and May of 2011. I joined Letti'sfan club in May and have  no regrets. The work she's done has been both necessary and affordable. Listen to Nathan when I tell you. You can take it to the Bank.
