5	I am the proud owner of 2 furbabies....a yorkie (Guinness) and a maltipoo (Bailey) and both need to be groomed every few months.  My maltipoo is a huge baby in most things and extremely needy when it comes to riding in the car, taking baths, and going to the vet.  So, the entire way to Whiskers, she clung to me.  When we walked in, we were greeted by a bubbly and warm Diane-the owner of the dog spa.  She immediately took Bailey in her arms and I had an immediate sense of relief and contentment that this was going to be a wonderful experience.  The dogs were running free--although not overwhelmingly--in the cage free setting and the entire shop smelled clean and fresh.  All the puppies looked happy in their brightly colored scarves and even Bailey-who is scared of everything-seemed to be intrigued.  When I picked her up just an hour and a half later, I saw my puppy in the window looking ever so pretty!!!  Hands down, the best grooming job EVER!  For 3 years I've been looking for someone with this kind of talent.  I will be bringing Guinness there in just a few more weeks and look forward to being a life-long customer!
5	Always happy here!The service is warm & friendly and appointments are easy to make.  My pup (a 5 year old English Golden) always looks so handsome and feels so cuddly and soft when he comes home.  But the best part is when I walk up to get him, I can see him relaxing through the window - no cages, just sniffing or laying down looking around.  He seems so relaxed and happy it makes me feel great about his care while he was there!
5	Last week my sister take our Beagle to get professional wash and Whiskers dog spa did it nice .also cage free.the menu is great with facial for dogs and more. We decide to bring our Beagle every week because she shed and my sister have allergy .highly recommend friendly staff too and Dayane is so sweet.
5	Marley got a blueberry facial as part of the regular full groom here. Um, I've never even had a facial.I visited Whiskers a few months ago when I was researching a Weekly Yelp on dog services. I fell in love the minute I walked up to the window. This is a cage free spa. The dogs walk around the grooming area. You can ask for a cage if you do not feel comfortable. I won't lie... I was a little nervous about this. Marls is 6 pounds and can be a bully sometimes. When I arrived to pick him up today, he looked so happy running around and checking out all the dogs. I sat and watched him through the window for a few minutes until he saw me.The people here are so friendly. That sentence should be in the biggest font possible, bold, fireworks shooting out of it. So, so nice. Back to the groom... yes, it includes a blueberry facial and all kinds of fun stuff with the spa bath. Here's the best part: for my Yorkie it only cost $45. You just can't beat that. They did such a great job. Marley looks great, smells so nice and is super soft. He's also wiped out and snoozing on the couch. Big day for the tiny guy.I would definitely recommend Whiskers to anyone with a dog. They can get pretty busy. Plan to call several days in advance of when you'd want a grooming.
5	Today I took my Shetland Sheepdog Jackson to be groomed. I had a wonderful phone conversation with the owner to discuss their services before coming in.  She was very nice and informative. I met with the groomer beforehand and she seemed to be very knowledgeable and experienced. He was ready exactly when promised. Upon picking him up, his grooming exceeded my expectations and he looked and smelled wonderful.  I could tell he was very happy, relaxed and had a great time!  We will definitely be back!!!It is so fun to see all of the happy dogs walking around in the grooming area and looking out the big picture window.
