5	I want you all to listen closely. I'm Lebanese and have had the privilege of growing up around simply the best Mediterranean chefs around the world, traveled to Lebanon and Syria ate at the top mediterranean restaurants in Dearborn, mi (some of the best in the states), and without a doubt this is the most mouth watering cuisine I've ever had, let alone Mediterranean. The hummus is simply the best I've ever had. The tenderloin kabobs are so flavorful and succulent. The grape leaves, koosa, steak frys and tabbouleh are all as delicious and authentic as it gets. It's so difficult to find decent Lebanese here in Phoenix (people think pita jungle is good Lebanese lol), let alone a place I can call my new favorite restaurant. If you want the best Mediterranean/Lebanese you've ever had, stop looking, you just found it!
5	Just discovered this gem! Best hummus in Town, had the Kofta sandwich, french fries (fresh tasty fries) and a side of the red pepper hummus...YUMMMMM! Highly recommend this place!
5	I learned about this place through Yelp and figured I would give it a shot. Not only was I blown away by the food but the owners were very nice and really seem like they care about their business and customers. The place is owned by brothers and even have their own mother cooking in the kitchen.It is hard to find a Lebanese place in Scottsdale that is truly authentic and tastes fresh. My usual go to Mediterranean place is Pita Jungle, but I will make the extra drive to come back here next time I am craving some jalapeno cilantro hummus!!!
5	I was stoked to try this new authentic Lebanese restaurant in North Scottsdale! I haven't had good, let alone great, Lebanese food in eons since I left Pittsburgh, PA, in 1990! (Okay, just once in all that time, and it was in Montreal (the same folks who catered Celine Dion's wedding)! A little too far to visit on a regular basis.)  Now, I have found my go-to place when I crave all my favorite  Lebanese goodies - like hummus, babaganoush, stuffed grape leaves . . . and the choices go on!Originally, we were just ordering take-out, but the owners, two of three brothers, were there and offered us some samples of their dishes. I was blown away by the smoky, flavorful babaganoush. It was not pureed to pieces so you could still enjoy the texture of the eggplant as well. My husband wolfed down the roasted red pepper hummus and was smacking his lips the entire time -- best he ever tasted. I am always up for trying something new, and we received a small dish of Majadara which is steamed lentils and cracked wheat mixed with onions, a Lebanese traditional dish that I never tried or even heard of before. Mmmm, it was delicious . . . lovely texture, seasoned just right . . . a perfect combination of protein and carbs . . . great as a meal on its own for lunch!  We chatted for quite a while with owners Tater and Mohammed, asked about how they got into the restaurant business, how they arrived in Scottsdale, and learned more about their chef, who is also a butcher and does his own meat! They were all so friendly and really excited about bringing their family recipes and homemade Lebanese to Scottsdale. Our take-out was ready! We ordered the original hummus, baba, fried eggplant, grape leaves with meat and rice, and the mixed grill. I was so full from the samplings, I had to wait a couple hours before I could begin to take a bite of the food we brought home! The hummus is creamy and no overwhelmed by the taste of tahini. A little bit of olive oil drizzled in the mix as they advised at the restaurant made it simply divine.  I don't even need the pita . . . I could just eat this by the spoonful, along with the baba as noted above.  The fried eggplant was a surprise. I guess I was expecting something like fried zucchini, with breading, but instead this was more like sauteed with lemon garlic sauce. Yum! The grape leaves were tightly rolled, like little cigars, and served hot! I haven't had grape leaves with meat in them in a very long time . . . and maybe not ever in Scottsdale. They were the creme de la creme in my experience, just as I remembered those 20 years ago in Pittsburgh.  It was quite funny because my husband only knows grape leaves as "dolmades" which is Greek. When he ordered, the self-proclaimed "white" girl behind the counter taking our order didn't have a clue what it was he was ordering. Anyway, no where on the menu was the word dolmades, only grape leaves . . . guess you had to be there for the looks on both their faces.The Mixed Grill was a savory, well-seasoned, very tender mix of Kabob, Kafta and Tawook, served with various veggies over rice. It came with a side salad . . . which as of last night, we were both too tired and full to dig into, so maybe later.The Kafta was extraordinary! And I am not a meat eater by any means. My husband dug all the way in and polished off everything, except some of the rice which surely he will gobble up today!Before we left the restaurant, Temar gave us a couple pieces of baklava to satisfy our sweet teeth! And as we were already out the door, the very friendly chef came running after us to give us a little taste of the kabob meat he just cooked up! Oh we were so happy . . . and in such a food coma!  Tummy full, nap now!Without a doubt, we will be back to The Mediterranean Grill.  I only wish we lived close enough to take advantage of their 5-mile delivery option. Truly a very pleasant, satisfying foodie experience! Try it, you'll love it!
5	Very good food! The service was great and the staff is very friendly. I highly recommend to anyone looking for great food and great service!
5	After seeing a reviews of this restaurant on yelp, We decided to make a visit. I previously tried many "authentic middle eastern" cuisines in the metropolitan area, but the mediterranean grill surprised me the most with their flavorful food and exceptional service.  Not only was the food authentic, but I was able to remember my childhood which was a pleasant sensation.  The kefta kabob was perfectly seasoned and grilled to perfection.  The chicken kabob was sensational. It was the most moist chicken i ate in the valley.     The beef kabob was great as well, but lacked a little salt to my taste. Having said that, it was moist, succulent, and tender which countered the slight negativity I had. The shwarma is great, flavorful, and everything I expected it to be. For a restaurant that just opened, they are doing everything right. Visit them,  you will not be disappointed in the very least. 5 stars for food, service, and bringing back the memories of my past.
4	Overall a good lunch experience.  Reasonably priced.  My lunch combo had a lot of meat and enough food for two meals.
1	My co-workers raved about the food so I went. That being said, the guy in front of me had been waiting for 30 minutes for a gyro (he left FURIOUS) so I did an order of lentil soup to go so I could get my food quickly (to avoid driving to another place).  The place wasn't busy.  25 minutes later, I had my soup to go ($5) and it was in a 10oz container not all the way full....more like a cup of soup. I got back to my desk and it wasn't even lentil soup......the soup tasted like lemonade with salt.  No "I'm sorry" or anything for the wait...I won't be returning.
5	My sister loves this place so I decided to give it a shot. I try to eat as healthy as possible and judging by the menu everything looked very healthy. I ordered a mediterannean salad with chicken and lentil soup. Food was excellent other than the 25 min wait I had. But they are new and had 3 take out orders ahead. Guess could be deceiving cuz the dining room was empty. Ill return but hopefully not when the kitchens backed up.
5	This is the best lamb shank I've had in 20 years, thanks Mo!
5	This place was great!!! I had the chicken sharma and it was amazing! It was tender and had a great flavor. My wife had the fatoosh salad, which was fresh, a generous portion, and was extremely tasty. My son had the shish kafta and it was great tasting and was extremely fresh and tasted homemade ( which made it better ) . We will definetely be going back, and we suggest that you try it!! Best in town!!
5	Great food great service. This a family run place and they make you feel like family
5	I never write a review, but I had to here. Keep this place in business.  A Scottsdale find!
4	My wife and I were pleasantly rewarded when we decided to try this friendly spot.  If you live in Scottsdale and like Mediterranean food this is definitely worth a visit.  It is family owned and everything is made fresh. My wife had lentil soup.  It was very hot the way soup should be, with the right blend of spices.  My falafel were some of the best I have had in the Valley.  I got the combo which included a drink and fries.  The fries were fresh cut not frozen.  We will be back.
5	Love everything I've had here.  Marisa is a fan too.  Kafta and gyros are great, fresh-cut fries also terrific.  Table service instead of queuing at the counter.  I'll be trying the baklava after I'm down a few pounds.  Today I had the chicken shawarma and ask Tamer to put a little hummus it too. It was really outstanding and Panini press as well which was nice surprise perfect crisp crunchy texture on the outside everything inside terrific, it even has slivers of pickled radishes in it that are great.  And as an extra bonus they have stupid fast free Wi-Fi here 38Mbs.  The brother owners Tamer & Mohammed are doing a great job.btw, my chicken shawarma looked so yummy that I would have taken a picture for yelp.  But I devoured it instead :-(update 1/3/12, joy of joys, they have beef shawarma today!  It too was terrific.  Wi-Fi is still stupid fast at 29Mbs down / 39Mbs up unlike the Starbucks that I just came from.
5	This place is BAD ASS!!!I eat here pretty often considering it's right by my new office. The guys that own/run the place & their employees are nicer than most people in Scottsdale. The food.... THE FOOD IS AMAZING!!! They grill their sandwiches, (a grilled gyro? = heaven!) they use FRESH ingredients, all in all - they do it right. The prices aren't that bad either. Sure, you can go to Tempe and get a gyro with fries for $6.99 and it's alright. This is a much healthier, tastier option for around $10 including a drink. If you're in North Scottsdale shopping around this ridiculous shopping center, check them out. They're a little tucked away, right by a smoke shop off Northsight on Butherus. Try the jalapeno hummus!
5	I usually go there for the shish kabobs. This time the owner convinced me to try the lamb shank. The lamb, that was moist and falling of the bone, was served with rice, and a bowl of sauce that is filled with Mediterranean spices. It was a generally good dish, but when you mix the rice with the sauce and meat, it was a whole new experience and the dish instantaneously become my favorite.
5	This is a great place if you want Authentic cuisine from the Mediterranean regions. The owner is very friendly and is available to answer any questions about the items. They use High quality ingredients and the service is amazing.
5	This place is great, I have been a few times, not as many as my hubby, though.  It is a small family owned restaurant and the food is delicious.  The first time I had the gyro and my hubby had the Kafta.  They came toasted, YUM.  I tried my hubby's and it was delicious, too.  Last time I had the chicken shawarma and the mediterranean salad.  The twins had the hummus plate and chicken.  They were nice enough to split it and make sure that each item was separate, my little boy is a little bit of a freak about mixing his food.  The family is so nice.  I have so many more dishes I want to try.  Next time I think I want the Majadara, sounds delicious.  I love lentils.  I guess I should try the lentil soup before it gets too warm for soup time.
4	FANTASTIC LEBANESE-STYLE MIDDLE-EASTERN FOOD. I guess being in the desert has got me craving Middle-Eastern all the time. For Lebanese-style, this place hits all registers. The manager, Mohammed, is incredibly nice and made sure my meal was PERFECTO! You folks in North Scottsdale, this is the best around for many miles!
5	This is a great restaurant.  The hummus is silky smooth and is perfectly seasoned.  It also had an interesting flavor that sets it apart (and above!) other versions I have had at other restaurants.  Several flavors of hummus are available.  The grape leaves are tight, warm rolls that have a nice mint flavor.  I also tried several sandwiches that were very good.  I will definitely make it back for dinner to check out the entrees.  Great service, great prices - it is nice to have a quality Mediterranean restaurant in the neighborhood.  It is locally owned and operated too, which is nice.
5	I absolutely LOVED THIS RESTAURANT and will definitely be returning on a regular basis!! The chicken shawarma is incredible, and the service is excellent. This is by far the best food I've had in the entire Scottsdale area. The food is FRESH and has FANTASTIC FLAVOR. Be sure to save room for a delicious baklava desert!
4	So this place was very cool! I came here for lunch with a co-worker and I was very impressed with both the service and the food. Our server was one of the owners I think, or maybe his Mom owns it? Either way when we ordered the tabbouli (fantastic), he said that his Mom makes it fresh everyday. WHAT!?! I've got a little old Lebanese woman making my tabbouli in the back? Sweet! You know that has to be good. And, we commented on how good it smelled and he brought over the incense that was burning and gave us a package for free. Impressive! The place could use a little decor to make it feel more Middle Eastern, but that's about it. It is kind of tucked away so I hope that doesn't prevent it from getting enough foot traffic.
4	Just got back from first time lunch at Mediterranean Grill.  It was very good!  They were short handed due to unexpected departure of an employee and went out of their way to make sure the customers left happy.  Food was fresh and delicious, love that grilled pita.  Will be going back again soon!
4	Excellent, authentic Middle Eastern food prepared like you were in someone's home. The owner is eager to please and very accommodating. There are a few vegan options, so I am definitely going back.
5	This is one of those special places that more than deserving of five +++ stars. My oldest step son and I ate lunch there today, we shared the mixed grill and hummus, and we throughly enjoyed every bite! The food was wonderfully seasoned, cooked PERFECTLY! The rice had the perfect flavor and texture, the meat was well marinted and cooked better than perfect, tender and juicy! The hummus was smooth and creamy and so rich. I can't wait to try the red pepper and jalapeno flavor. I also can't wait for rice pudding there :). They take a lot of pride in what they are doing there!! It shows in the food! I hope the hard to find location doesn't make it difficult for them to stay open.
4	This place is quality,  I've been here twice and so far the only thing better than the service is the food.  The grilled meat is especially good.  When it comes to Mediterranean Cuisine I'm very picky. The chicken kabob is full flavored and juicy as is the kefta and tenderloin. I highly recommend trying the mixed grill and get tenderloin since the kefta is already a mixture of beef and lamb.  If you like meat on a stick you wont be disappointed.
5	This place is so good. Family-owned and the food is excellent. Very friendly and attentive staff. I've been here 6 times now and it has been wonderful every time. I've tried the Chicken Shawarma, Beef Shawarma, Falafel Sandwich, Taboule Salad, Lentil Soup, Jalepeno Hummus and they were all fantastic. It truly is a hidden gem in North Scottsdale. Very reasonably priced as well. Definitely worth trying!
5	Delicious food that the whole family enjoyed.  We ordered the mixed grill platter, fried eggplant and hummus and practically licked our plates clean. Meat was tender and flavorful.  Service was amazing, staff friendly and accommodating.  We're so glad we found this place!
4	Son took my order while his mother was cooking in the kitchen - yes, an authentic family restaurant.  Cauliflower appetizer was extremely rich and lemony, hummus quite good too.  Service was good and parking was easy.  Only issues I had was that the falafel is four croquettes for $7 which is insane (normally find them for 2 for a $1)!!!  Hummus price was up there too.  I think they either have a pricing issue or an identity issue - make yourself a fancy full service place and keep the prices, or acknowledge it's rather fast food with a waiter and price things more reasonably.
5	Off. The. Chart. - Super Huge ValueI love these guys.Find this place.  Then come back and eat again with two friends, then they'll tell two friends, and they'll tell two friends, and they'll tell two friends...This family-owned restaurant serves great, hot, home-made recipie Lebanese food.Super friendly.They remember your name from the first time they meet you.Really lucky these guys moved into the North Scottsdale neighborhood - in the Airpark by KO Donnell's - just south of Home Depot - behind the old Salty's.Check them out!
5	A wonderful find! Delicious Mediterranean food at a local, family-owned restaurant. I will be a regular customer... Way to go, Mo!!
5	WOW. My husband and I just enjoyed a delectable meal with great service. I love family restaurants! Tamar was our server, and he obviously takes great delight and passion in the food. We ordered fried cauliflower, and it was crispy and delicious in a light lemon sauce. We got two gyro sandwiches, which were panini style with a thinner bread than your typical pita. Beautifully crispy, and the flavors melded wonderfully. Husband is still raving about it. Nothing was super greasy, and the flavors were perfectly mixed. Husband says he's looking forward to burping some up so he can taste it again, that's how good it was. Tamar even gave us complimentary tastes of the bak lava, which had a divine texture and not-too-sweet flavor. We'll be back to try the rest of their dishes!!
4	Its always nice to find a restaurant serving authentic cuisine and fresh food with people who obviously takes pride in what they do. Based on yelp reviews, this was our 'new place of the week' for a friday dinner. Very warm and friendly waiter ( manager?) who made us feel very welcome. The food tastes very flavorful. Had the chicken shwarma, majadara and rice pudding. I will make a special mention of the baba ghanoush. The best i have had.
3	The food is good, depending on what you're looking for.  I had lunch with my coworker, we ordered the grape leaf wrapped beef and rice rolls, along with lamb shank platter.  The lamb platter tasted fresh, but the grape leaf rolls were under my standards, maybe it was some seasoning.  Service was great, it was hot inside, as they had the doors open and no A/C on.  Either way, try it out, you might like it.  Healthier than most places.
4	Awesome! We got the hummus trio with the pita bread. The Pita was nice and thin, and not greasy (the left overs were still great 3 days later). Got the Mediterranean salad which was extremely fresh and very light but vibrantly flavored without going over the top. For our dinners my wife got chicken Shwarma and I got Shish Tawook. Very generous servings, and the chicken was moist and tender. Did I mention the hummus? I would highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Do you love lamb, schwarmas, or hummus?  This is the place to be.Start with the fried lemon cauliflower or an order of hummus with olive oil dribbled across for an excellent beginning.  For lunch, their sandwiches are priced well and delicious.  Instead of stuffing a pita with ingredients that explode all over the place, they wrap them fully and panini them close for easy eating; fantastic idea.For specialities, try a few Kibbe bites.  Balls of beef fried with a mixture of spices that fit perfectly with an order of their cucumbers & yogurt dish.  Just drop the kibbe right in, it's a great mix!I've been on a number of occasions and have always had fantastic service.  Great food and atmosphere keeps me coming back so it's definitely worth a visit.
5	Stop what you're doing, north Scottsdale workers. This is your new lunch spot. My meal was so dang good! I ordered the steak kabob. it came with a skewer of grilled veggies and rice. I substituted my rice for a small salad. It was a bit high for a lunch ($17) but the ingredients are top notch and the service was great. Next time I will order something that fits into my lunch budget. I got to taste their chicken and it is amazing as well and more budget friendly.The owner came around and chatted with us and shared a little about their history and what their goal is. It's one of the best options nearby that we've found for lunch- actually probably the best we've found within a few miles. Very delicious, clean and friendly. I highly recommend!
5	Food was great.  Followed recommendation of waiter.  Really an excellent value.
1	very disappointing
5	Let me start by saying that I'm Arab, and my mom cooks AMAZING food. This place is, hands down, the best authentic Lebanese food I've had in this country. The quality, the service, the flavor; everything was wonderful. My boyfriend and I ordered the mixed grill so we could a taste for all the meats they have, and we were more than satisfied. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking to eat non-Americanized Mediterranean. The hummus is great, the coffee is delightful, and their baklava is a must try. If I could give this place ten stars I would. Gotta go check it out!!
5	On this visit to Scottsdale from San Diego we checked on yelp. This place had a good ratings so we went in. It was GREAT!! Had the humus: real good. Lentil soup real good. The  gyro was fantastic and the fries awesome. The steak from the kabob was cooked just right.. The staff was very friendly and great service.
5	EAT HERE. I'm serious. The food is fantastic! It's a little hidden gem by the Scottsdale Gun Club. Family owned and everything is fresh and made to order. Have been there 3 times and haven't found anything to dislike. Their hummus is creamy with just the right amount of seasoning. Chicken schwarma is cut into bite-sized pieces and served with either hummus or garlic spread. OMG the garlic spread is amazing - looks like white butter and tastes like a tangy bite of heaven. Tawook is chicken breast pounded thin and cooked on the grill, also served with garlic sauce. Loved the spicy kafta in pita, served quesadilla style (no cheese, just meat between pita) with lots of hummus. The rice is flavorful and fluffy. Grape leaves stuffed with rice and meat were skinny little guys but packed with flavor; 6 on a plate was a good app for 2 people. But my very favorite thing is their salad. I don't know what they do to make lettuce, tomato and cucumber so good, but that magic seasoning and light touch of dressing is wonderful. They do not serve alcohol but you can BYO wine (beer too perhaps?) Very reasonably priced and generous portions.Much busier at lunch but we love stopping in for dinner. They are not halal-sanctioned but they do get some halal meats (lamb yes, chicken no). Staff is super friendly and warm. Oh and they deliver!
5	First time visit today. Had the tenderloin tips with hummus and lentil soup. Soup was very good. Tips and hummus just blew me away.  I will be back
4	The Mediteranean Grill is an unassuming little restaurant that serves delightful fare.  found the menu by complete accident as it was posted by the entrance of my gym.The interior is not all that warm and welcoming and neither is the staff...but don't let that fool you because the food is surprisingly tasty. I ordered the chicken shawarma sandwich and a small side of babaganoush and they were both just incredible.The only reason I am dinging one star is I thought the staff was kind of cold and just not very friendly and welcoming...I even heard one employee mentioning to his colleague that he couldn't wait for restaurant to close..Wow guys really ?...Chill out a  little and work out your differences because I really like your food and I would be very disappointed if you closed...All I ask is that you are a little friendlier with your customers. This was also my first visit. I must say that you really wowed me with the quality of your food...really...it was crazy delicious...In fact I just had an orgasm...
5	We happened on this little cafe by accident.  It's really unassuming and in the shadow of a large fitness club.  The food is great.  Tasty and very fresh.  The owner and servers were incredibly friendly and helpful.  I had to write this review after reading the review that said that the service was poor.  We had the complete opposite experience.  The staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome.Will definitely be back.
5	Really good Mediterranean food.The hummus appetizer is excellent.Our lunch items also included a gyro sandwich and a tabbouli salad.They were both very fresh and very tasty.Our service was great.We will definitely be back.The food makes up for the strip mall location and lack of interior decor.
5	closed
2	I really don't get all of the 5 star reviews. This place has good food but their prices are  astronomical. I had a $35 dollar lunch with my son. I had a lamb shank and he had a chicken wrap and we had some hummus.The lamb was good but very puny as far the meat goes. So if $17 lunches per person  are in your comfort zone, then party on!
1	We've been back several times and very sorry to say the last time, there was a sign on the door that it was closed indefinitely.  Very sad, one of our favorite lunch spots.
