3	Went here the other day to get some last minute items for a murder mystery party which I procrastinated putting my costume together.  I ended up finding what I needed, but there is a large selection of costumes here.  I just wished that the prices really reflected what the costumes are worth.  A lot of the materials are pretty flimsy... yes, you only need them for one night, but man it can get expensive depending on what you are going for.Other than the costumes, there is a wide selection of party items... from different themes to just color plates, etc.  I think they even have wedding stuff, but you won't find me in that section any time soon. ;)
3	Ah the token party store. Filled with loads and loads of what my family would call TUS = totally useless stuff. But we love it, don't we? This is my go-to Party City when I'm in the need of some TUS for an event...and sometimes when I actually need useful things, too. Plastic tablecloths in every color of the rainbow, masks, bulk plasticware, Hawaiian leis, costumes, beachy accessories, holiday accessories, balloons, candy, the list goes on and on. The staff here are helpful and pretty nice, so that's a bonus when you're forking out plenty of dough for party schtuff. As John H says, though, just watch your budget...the seemingly cheap accessories really add up when you're buying in bulk!
4	I could LIVE in this store...lol ok so maybe I get a little excited.  I LOVE throwing parties tho so I am in here a lot.  They have everything for your themed parties, holidays, balloons, candies for favors.  Costumes even!!!  You can put in a balloon order for pickup at a later date.  I wish I could get a frequent buyer card lol.  (One note - does anyone know why the cashier's wear rubber gloves???  So curious....this isnt Subway geez???!)
3	I don't know why I even bother trying to write a review after Nicole has already been to a place. She's got it perfectly summarized - this place is full of the kinds of totally useless stuff that you absolutely love to have for any party. Gift wrap, balloons, candy, cards and all sorts of perfectly pretty and colorful crap that you really don't need except when you're having a party.In the back is a very large costume section with all the accessories you need if you want to buy an outfit. That said, you might be able to save a bunch of money by renting the stuff instead from a proper costume store.Price are hit or miss. I did spot some 99 cent rolls of wrapping paper as well as some six dollar rolls right next to them. Honestly, it was tough for me to tell the difference.
2	I was picking up a few things for my dad's birthday party and stopped in for some last minute things....This location is not very big but it was very very busy! There was a long line for balloons and at the checkout line.Halloween merchandise overwhelmed the store which I guess at this time if year is expected but I just really wanted a larger selection for birthdays and a section for cards there were none to chose from in the store!I think the frustration of the people and lack of help  finally got to my cashier because she was not very friendly when I finally reached the counter...after a little small talk she seemed to cheer up...for what it was I gave the store 2 stars....
3	My go to store for all things entertaining!  I was recently let down at the lack of Octoberfest items but that doesn't stop me.  There are ballons galore and costumes for days.  No matter what type of party you are throwing you can really go all out with the theme with the help of Party City.The stores stay clean and the staff is normally pretty upbeat and happy to help.  Probably b/c they work in a pretty cool environment.
4	If you are having a party, and need stuff, this is the place to go.  I normally only head over here during Halloween for their vast selection of costumes and decorations, but made a stop today looking for special items.Located on South Blvd, near the Tyvola intersection, there is plenty of parking.  Getting back on South or Tyvola can be a bit crazy, but if you are patient you can normally be on your way within a few minutes.  Also located in the shopping center is a PetSmart, Hancock Fabric, Dollar Store, Ashley Furniture outlet and a Ross.  The store is relatively clean and the folks are usually pretty helpful and friendly.  My boss tasked me with doing a lunch at our office with a Clemson professor "Clemson-y", and since we are in North Carolina instead of South Carolina, finding Clemson crap was taking more effort than I cared to spend, so I headed to Party City for some orange and purple items.  They delivered!   They had every kind of plate, napkin, utensils, table decorations, etc. that you could possible need in just about every color imaginable.  They also had a "fan zone" in the back of the store, organized by color, with wigs, tutus, headbands with pigtails, hats, etc.  If you are starting to get the football itch (it's almost time for preseason), they also have a section of Carolina Panther party items. Nice store and a one stop shop for anything party related.
1	You better hope an employee isn't cooking food while you want to pay. Why you ask? Because their wifi shuts off if someone uses the microwave in the break room. This happened to me and it took a bit to get it back up and running. They said it casually, like that's normal. The staff wasn't that helpful overall and the paying issue is just ridiculous.
3	Need a rainbow tutu? Rock candy in a specific color? Balloons? Glow sticks? Stuff for a luau? Check it times 5. You can find it all here.This is my go to location when I need all things fun and random for events and parties.South Blvd traffic makes coming in and out of this shopping center difficult at times. The workers here are pretty helpful. I seem to always have a million questions during each visit. Do they make this in red? Are there any of these in the back? Does "fill in the blank" exist and do you sell it?I'll echo a couple others on this: be mindful of your budget and what you're putting in your basket. You can very easily get carried away in here and buy a whole bunch of useless stuff. Think of it like Target: the party edition.
