5	Easily the best pizza you can have delivered in Madison.  Go all traditional if you like and get your standard sausage & mushroom pizza that you always order (and then proceed to the standard missionary-style sex).  However, Glass Nickel's specialities are where they shine.  The Cardiac Arrest, the Fetalicious, and the Santa Fe are some of my favorites.  Sandwiches and salads too if pizza isn't your bag.  One downside: every once in awhile you'll get a pizza that's pretty sub-par.  However, I think that's part of any pizza delivery experience.
5	Feta-freaking-licious. Holy shit. That's all I can say.
3	Yeah, I like Glass Nickel pizza.  Props for the biodiesel delivery truck, too.  I love their fetalicious pizza, that's a winner for sure.  The thing is, every single time (and I do mean EVERY SINGLE TIME) the service has been sheee-ite.  If you want to eat at the east side location, make sure your calendar is free because it will be a while before someone deigns to wait on you.  And never, ever, ever sit at the bar to order food.  It is like some sort of invisibility cloak comes over you and no one can see you there, just waiting.
4	best delivery pizza you can get in madison - i LOVE the ranch pizza with bacon and chicken.  but it is a splurge...not your $5 papa johns deal.  definitely worth it if you're in the mood for great pizza.
5	The vegetarian pizza was amazing.  We had a 14" pizza with a beautifully small price tag.  Yum!
3	i knew glass nickel when it only existed on atwood where there are now condos and good n' loud. their salads used to be so big that they'd have to tape the plastic clamshell "bowl" together to prevent spilling!alas, with all things come change. the salads we got last night were pitifully lacking in lettuce, and i could tell they've taken to watering down the caesar dressing (it's the only dressing that isn't yet in a pre-sealed packet). i asked to throw some anchovies on my small acropolis, cuz i'm a savory gal, and i got a disgusting amount of them. there were like 20 of them swimming around the feta chunks.their 'zas are great, i've been hooked on the mediterranean and fetalicious in the past; they also have a shrimp po' boy that'll do in a pinch.if you call at 10 or later on a friday, expect to wait. that goes for any delivery in the city of madison; it's unreasonable for anyone to expect immediate service when /everyone/ expects immediate service. however, they're trained to say it'll be 45 minutes to an hour, and they almost always show up in under 30.
4	FETALICIOIUS.That is all.
5	Yum. . . it took me a while to try their pizza (they don't deliver to my house!) and everyone kept telling us the Fetalicious was the best - and I can honestly say that it is. It was the first we tried and although we've tried a few other varieties - its the one we mostly order (plus sausage please). Very good and very worth the drive in our case.
3	Grade: C+Surprisingly decent. Fantastic martinis make this food taste better.
3	Decent pizza, nothing to cheer about.  Other menu items are very good.  Have been there four times and our first visit was terrible.  When we complained to the manager about the brain dead  server he offered a free meal but did not apologize for the idiot who ruined our meal.  You can skip this place and go to Ian's instead.
3	I've had Glass Nickel for take out several times and just recently ate at the Atwood location.  As mentioned in other posts, the feta pizza is the signature pie, but Glass Nickel puts together other good pizzas, both from their deluxe selections as well as made to order.  Ingredients are fresh, and the pizza is tasty and well done overall.  Check out their website for coupons.I would rank Glass Nickel as occupying the space between your standard pizza place and gourmet-style pizza (do those exist in Madison?).  So next time you feel like heading over to Little Caeser's for their $5 Hot n Ready, spend a few more bucks and pick up something you'll appreciate more.
4	I love Glass Nickel! In my opinion, this is the best pizza in Madison. They're def better than Ian's or Roman Candles. I've eaten at the Atwood location, and the late night service was great. My friends and I shared a pizza and pitcher of beer and good conversation. We didn't order anything other than beer, but the place has full bar, and I heard that the downstairs bar get quite funky (in good way) on some occasions. It's a good place to hang around on the east side.
5	The BEST in Madison! I like to stick with the peperoni and sausage but when I'm looking for a different taste I like the spinach feta pizza with sausage. Good delivery speeds too! I've also enjoyed the chicken cordon pizza and sub. :)
5	My favorite Madison pizza.  I generally got it delivery, but eating in at the East Side location is fun, too.  They're open late, deliver late, and you can't beat the Fetalicious pizza.
3	I'm surprised I haven't eaten Glass Nickel Pizza more...given that I used to live a block away.  I've only eaten in once, but gotten carryout numerous times.Decent pizza(Fetalicious is the top choice), but nothing amazing. It just doesn't stand out to me. I'd chose Roman Candle over GN any day. Better pizza, and better atmosphere.
4	This place ain't a continual Madison Favorite for no reason.The pizza is swoon inducingly good.  My default favorite is the Fetalicious (because, let's face it, I would just eat buckets of feta morning, noon and night, if it wouldn't kill me).  I've tried multiple others, which have been noteworthy (Margherita, Cheesasaurus, Vegg Out, Bacon Cheeseburger, and Mediterranean), and one that was not-so-noteworthy (the Thai Pie).  Just this weekend, though, I tried their Deluxe.  Oh, my.  I think we might have a contender for New Favorite Pizza.  So very, very delicious.I've had their Mediterranean Lasagna--delicious.  Fish Fry?  Surprisingly awesome!  Chicken?  Also good. Problem?  Their subs.  Ick.  Do yourself a favor and get a sub from...well, just about anywhere else.Delivery almost always takes at least an hour, so, if you're nearby and hungry, just pick it up.  Pick up times are usually 15-20 minutes.The Atwood Ave. location is really great to visit and dine in.  The other locations, not so much.
4	Tasty, quick, and cheap.  What more could you want?  To be fair, the only pizza I've tried is the much-acclaimed Fetalicious, but this is more than enough to keep me coming back.
4	I recommend the Mediterranean and Thai pie. It's the best pizza that I've had in Madison. The place is cozy, the service is fast other than the delivery. It's a bit pricey but it's worth every penny!
5	My wife and I lived in Chicago for several years, so I have to give the Pizza 4 stars, however, Glass Nickel is the best pizza in the area and the service is 5 stars.  The pizza is always hot, the people on the phone and the delivery men are always very polite, and they rarely exceed 45 minutes to deliver.  Glass Nickel will always be our first stop for our pizza needs.
4	I concur with the other reviewers.  Great Madison pizza place.  The actual restaurant is quite nice, with a bar and a snazzy interior.  Not at all like the kind of red and white check tablecloth pizza joint that you grew up with - with hot peppers and parm shakers on the table, garlic rolls, and big floppy greasy pies, pastas, etc.   Open very late, so you can order from the full menu until 12:30 every night of the week.  I would warn that my experience with their meatball sandwich was not good.  It was a very small and dry little thing - not at all worth 7 bucks.  We liked the Ravioli though.  All pasta dishes come with a generous salad and a slice of garlic bread - all for about 8 dollars.  We liked the Nickel Nugget appetizer.  These are small bits of fried pizza dough, covered with lots of parmesan cheese.  This was probably our favorite part of the meal, and the portion is big enough to make you both not really want dinner.
4	Pizza here is most definitely a step up from some other places around, price wise it's a step up too. They have a big selection of "unique" pizzas, think Thai food on a pizza, most of which I've found to be a one off thing, but still interesting. I'd rather give this place a 3 1/2 but perhaps I'm just spoiled, haven't ordered from a different pizza place in probably almost a year.
5	Excellent pizza--moderately thick crust, just the way I like it, and a wide variety of toppings.  The signature pizzas are generally really good, but you can also build your own; after a long period of getting the Sacre Bleu, I started doing my own modified version with chicken instead of Canadian bacon.They offer online ordering if, like me, you kind of hate talking to strangers on the phone.  Since I started using it, I've gotten some pretty nice email coupons.  They also used to offer like a 5% discount for paying cash; not sure if that's still in effect.
3	First of all, I love the designs on the counters  made out of nickles.Being from Massachusetts, I came out to visit friends and I was told I had to try cheese curds.. I was told they were squeaky cast offs in the cheese making process.  I was hesitate but when in Rome... So we went to Glass Nickel Pizza Co and ordered the fried cheese curds.  If you are going to try something you are unsure of, why not deep fry it?All I can say is, these are amazing. No one mentioned that cheese curds, even cheddar ones, have the consistency of string cheese/mozzarella. So deep fried, it's like little bites of mozzarella stick heaven. Greasy and delicious.But if you are looking at this, you are probably from WI and know all about cheese curds, so I digress. I also got the Santa Fe sandwich (hold the jalapeno's). Chicken smothered in cheese and bbq sauce with peppers and onions. It's a greasy sub/pizza joint. It's pretty much what you expect, but it's inexpensive and the portions are enough for two people.That's A-OK in my book.
3	Quick-n-dirty review: good pizza, good appetizers, cool atmosphere, iffy service, somewhat pricey, and pretty consistent quality.  Beats the chain pizza places, hands down; about on par with other local pizza places.Detailed review: We've gone to the Glass Nickel several times now, and have had pretty much the same experience each time, so I feel comfortable with the 3-star assessment.Love the new location, with its dark green walls, high-backed booths, cozy bar, and "pub-like" feel.  During each of our visits, the chalkboard instructed us to "grab a menu and seat yourself" so we grabbed copies of The Isthmus & The Onion, took a menu, and found an open booth.With each visit, we had to wait a considerable amount of time before a server stopped by to take our drink orders.  On the last visit (9/6/09), our server didn't say "hello" or "how are you" or even ask if we had any questions... she just said, "ready to order?"The tap beer selection is rather light... not many offerings; the best bet is probably the Spotted Cow, of which I ordered several, while my dining partner ordered Miller Lite (only available in a bottle).  $4 tap, $3 bottle.We waited about 5-10 minutes; our drinks arrived and before we could order some Nickel Nuggets (deep-fried puffs of pizza dough, dusted in parmesean cheese and served with marinara), our waitress was gone.  Same thing happened last time.... and the funny thing is, the place wasn't busy at all, so I have no idea why they were in such a hurry to "dump and run."We eventually ordered Nickel Nuggets and our pizza.  We've tried a bunch, and have decided that the Cardiac Arrest w/o extra cheese is our favorite.  Nuggets arrived after 20-25 minutes, followed immediately by our pizza.  Not good timing - I suspect our 9/6/09 waitress wasn't one of the better ones at the Atwood location.  The funny thing is that other folks arrived after we did, and yet their pizzas arrived before ours did.  More validation that our 9/6/09 waitress wasn't anything to write home about. Pizza quality is decent and consistent - we've never had a bad pie from this location.  Toppings haven't been overloaded, at least not in my humble opinion... I've had overloaded pizzas before and agree that more isn't always better.  One major bonus: we've never had a greasy pizza from Glass Nickel - that speaks volumes about quality, as we hate greasy pizza.  We finished our meal, paid the tab ($42), left an average tip (we normally over-tip, but on 9/6/09 the service wasn't great), and headed home, left-over pizza in tow.  Summary: Glass Nickel = WINFood = 3.75 - 4 stars (consistent & good)Value = 3 stars (a tad pricey)Service = 2.75 stars (last visit was terrible; previous maybe 3 stars)Atmosphere = 3.5 - 3.75 starsPizza is a bit "NYC-like" but just different enough to be in a class all its own.  Try the spicy marinara - it's a little bit sweet at first, followed by a little bit of heat that lingers.  Yummy.
4	Glass Nickel is like an old, reliable friend who's hip, funny and easy on the eyes.  It's a comfy place with good food.The pizza is quite good -- not the best I've ever had, but it's certainly up there.  Their default pizza has kind of a medium-thick crust, but you can get it thin and extra thin.  The specialty pizzas are pretty incredible.  My favorites are the ubiquitous Fetalicious and the Socre Bleu, but I've tried many of the others and have never been disappointed.  For the build-your-own option, they have a TON of toppings to choose from.  It's also worth mentioning that their regular red pizza sauce is vegan, which makes it easy to build a vegan pizza if you so desire.Glass Nickel also offers a ton of other non-pizza foods.  My second favorite (after the pizza) would have to be the subs, which are very good but not huge.  Still, half of one is a good meal when I'm not totally starving.  The subs have as many ingredient options as the pizza, making them very versatile.  You can get them hot, cold, toasted or anything in between, really.  There are also salads with similarly huge lists of toppings and different greens to built from.  In addition, there are pastas (passable but not great), some very good appetizers (try the spinach cheese bread!) and some other things (like chicken strips and fish fry) that I haven't tried.  They have some good beers on tap, of course.  The prices are reasonable -- not really "cheap," but still decent for non-special-occasion dining out.The atmosphere of the restaurant is quite fun, with lots of dark wood and plenty of booths.  I have found it a bit dark in there, but my eyes eventually adjust.  The waitstaff is super friendly.  They play a variety of good music (I've heard everything from Hank Williams to Morrissey).  And they're open really late!  I usually take advantage of that last fact via delivery, which is always friendly and usually takes precisely the quoted 45-60 minutes.  I usually order with their online ordering service, which is really easy to use and great if you don't like talking on the phone that much.Overall, I would call Glass Nickel one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  It's an easy choice when you want to eat out but can't make up your mind, because it's a friendly and welcoming place with an absolutely huge menu that's sure to please everyone somehow.
4	I've been here multiple times over the years and have always been satisfied with my visit.The wait time is around 10 minutes each time I have went (dinner), which is not too bad.  Inside is a great atmosphere for hanging out and enjoying a beer with friends.  They have a decent selection of beer, and a great menu to choose from.  Their specialty pizzas are excellent, and I would recommend the santa fe (bbq chicken pizza).  If you live in the area, they often have coupons in the mail for 2 14" pizzas (1-topping and a specialty) & a 2 liter of soda for $25 bucks.  That definitely is a good deal to split between 4 friends.
4	I'm starting, or rather, have been experiencing the "Subway Effect" with Glass Nickel, where regardless of what you get, everything just seems to taste the same. The pizza is good, but it doesn't leave me wanting more. In fact, it's been quite the opposite lately, as we only begrudgingly order from their because it's convenient, not necessarily because it's so good.
4	If you're looking for something different on a pizza than the standard fare, then look no further! Glass Nickel has some outrageous combinations that all taste AMAZING!! Last time we ordered got the Fetalicious and the BBQ chicken, both are super delicious and must be tried at least once.And they deliver to most of Madison, so even if you're at home in your pj's there is no reason to miss another night of not having some grade A pizza!
5	Unique pizzas and awesome crust! The chicken cordon bleu pizza is to die for!
4	Consistently good pizza.  The Tailgater pizza (brats & sauerkraut) is yummy and a good choice if you're looking for something different.  I also really like The Ranch (chicken & bacon with ranch dressing).Although a bit skimpy on the toppings sometimes, the flavor is always good, and the service here is always great -- pleasant and attentive but not in your face.
2	Very disappointing. I ordered delivery -- it took about 30 minutes but they should have taken longer and properly cooked the food. The fried mushrooms were so undercooked the batter was raw and I couldn't eat them. The pizza toppings (Fetalicious) was good but parts of the crust was doughy. Overall, I have had better from Dominoes -- with their new Pacific Northwest specialty pizza.
4	Best pizza & pizza place atmosphere in Madison.  Drinks are awesome.  Don't order the pasta.  Overcooked noodles taste like snot.
5	I love this pizza. It's not the cheapest but I like the flavor. They have inventive combinations and use fresh toppings. It is my favorite Madison pizza.
5	Glass Nickel serves the best damn pizza in Madison. This place is pretty far from the center of town, and the price of a pie is a little higher than normal, but if you're willing to suffer through that, there's no reason you should order anything aside from Glass Nickel. The best thing about Glass Nickel is that there is a massive variety of specialty pizzas to pick from, and that all the different varieties are simply amazing. I have trouble deciding which one to get every single time. But of the many kinds, the chicken alfredo stands out as my favorite kind of pizza here so far. Instead of tomato sauce, you get a sweet, creamy alfredo, and it's topped with fresh chicken cooked to that consistency where it's a little black and crisp on the outside, and soft and flavorful on the inside. The mushrooms have a strong and noticeable punch, which is a great breather from all the floppy tasteless mushrooms you'll get on any other pizza. Add a little fresh garlic and spinach to the mix, and you get the perfect novelty pizza.Also definitely worth a try is their fetalicious, which in many ways resembles your traditional pizza while still offering a unique twist. It comes with all your usual toppings - onion, tomato, mushroom, and then they really zest it up with baked feta cheese and spinach. The feta and spinach make for a great combination that adds a kick without robbing you of the familiar, comforting taste of a good cheese pizza.Above all, the quality of the ingredients they're using is what makes all their different pizzas taste so good. You know your toppings are going to be fresh when you order from here.
1	Seriousy!?!?!? Is this really the best pizza in wisconsin? :-( I ordered it in the eve & it was at best "okay". I'm from NY and it's not nearly as good as the reviews have portrayed. For point of reference, I tried the "cardiac arrest" 10" as well as the garlic sticks. Honestly, I'm sorely disappointed.  Had I known it would have been this meehhhh I wouldn't have ordered it.  If this is the best pizza gets in wisconsin or in madison specifically, perhaps one should swear off pizza until they arrive in ny. :-( The best part of the Glass Nickel experience was the speedy delivery. Completely uninspiring
4	Nickel Nuggets.  Mediterranean Pizza.  Acropolis Salad.  Beer.   All are fabulous and I haven't found a similar joint since moving to Chicago which makes me a little sad :(One draw back to the Nickel is that it's insanely busy in the evenings.  I never liked having to wait for a table.  And it is a little expensive but the quality is much higher than your average pizza joint so I never minded much.
5	been gone for years, recently got back to madison.  one of the first things i had to do was get me some glass nickel.  one of the few places i can honestly say was great when i was vegan (veggi-licious pizza...omg...so many veggies) and is, ok i'll say it, even better as a born-again carnivore. any madison-ion i met out in california knew of this place. we would instantly have a bond.  no pizza place i've too in my travels even come close.
4	I am trying to get over how much I miss this place since I moved. The food was awesome and I recommend the cheese curds because they are the best. The pizza is pretty great, not the best in the world, but pretty great. I liked the atmosphere and the servers were interesting. If I ever get back here, I will order those fried up cheese curds and marry them.
3	Okay its a pizza, and that means I am going to be tough. However, I think I am getting soft, or its just too cold to be mean. This is not pizza in the sense of NYC or North Jersey pizza. It is pizza in relation to Dominos or Papa Johns, in fact it is better than both and why I gave it three stars. It is a meaty crust and as such, it can handle toppings. The cheese is not a fresh creamy mozzarella or a buffalo mozzarella, it is just the standard pizza chain pizza cheese, rubbery and bland. However, Glass Nickel is a better pizza than those national chains. I would recommend ordering a pizza with a lot of toppings and extra cheese. You will be pleased.
2	Got this as a delivery while I was staying at the Sheraton in Madison.  I got a calzone and it basically sucked a$$.  My partner liked her pizza.  The salad was totally lame.  Lettuce, and a slice of cucumber.  Ive had much better.
3	you know it's funny.  I heard people talk up this place a lot and so when I finally did order a pizza from here I was sure looking forward to something amazing.   But it was just regular ol' pizza.  Nothing spectacular at all.I have a theory.  It goes like this.  There are a lot of people in Wisconsin that have never tasted really good food.  They grew up on pancake mix with Shurfine pancake syrup, margarine, Folger's coffee and/or Sanka, instant potatoes, powdered milk, canned mixed vegetables, Campbell's soup, Kraft mac and cheese, Salisbury steak, wonder bread, Pillsbury muffins, Oscar Mayer hot dogs, and Swanson TV dinners.  So when pizza started showing up on the scene they had never tasted anything like it and were suddenly drawn to it's Italian sausage, crispy dough and oven baked aromas and flavors.  So now when they see anything that looks like a pizza they think it is good.  If it is round, covered in oil and comes out of an oven they leap on it without even thinking about what they are putting in their mouth.   I recently witnessed some friends who bought a pizza from this GREAT AMAZING PIZZA PLACE that when it arrived the entire topping slid off to one side of the crust into a pile of oil and mass of cheese.  They pushed it back into place and then ate it while exclaiming how good the pizza was.  I sort of slunk back and groaned.So when pizza places actually make pizzas that keep the food in place and don't burn the crust.... well, we actually have something positive happening and give them more kudos.I am willing to bet that Glass Nickel is popular because they are surrounded by so much mediocrity.I will try them again sometime and if my experience is better I will update my review.Glass Nickel is in support of the protests.  I step them up one star along with everyone else I have reviewed that are in support of the protest.  Thanks Glass Nickel!
4	I really like the pizza from Glass Nickel. I've burnt myself out on the feta pizza over the last few years. But my favorite is probably the couch potato. Mmm. I don't care for the Nickel Nuggets. They don't really taste like anything until you dip them in a sauce. At which point... they just taste like sauce.Awesome part about them is they deliver, they have online ordering, and they are open late.
2	I need to update this review - I've been back to the Glass Nickel several times since the last write-up, and sadly, I find myself liking the pizza less and less.Why?It's become largely tasteless.  The Cardiac Arrest, with it's plethora of sausage, pepperoni, bacon, and other salty meats still holds a special place in my ever-hardening arteries.  But aside from the CA, I've not found a pizza that has any real taste to it.I've tried the breakfast pizza, the couch potato, the big eddie, the chicken alfredo, the santa fe, and the Thai... and I honestly think they all tasted about the same.  The crust has become overwhelmingly bready and heavy, the sauces nearly flavorless (save for the spicy sauce, which packs a pleasing punch), and the toppings bland.  I brought a group of friends to the Glass Nickel last weekend and it's probably the last time that I'll be back.  We ordered three pies - the Breakfast Pie, the CA, and the Thai pie, along with Nickel Nuggets, chicken strips, fries, and a bunch of beers.The CA was the only one that had more than 1 piece taken from it; the Breakfast and Thai pies were left to languish - "no flavor," "too doughy," "what am I eating?" "I can't eat that," were the comments from my friends.  And sadly, I agreed with them.  Worse yet, the chicken strips and fries were demolished - they were the only things that had much flavor to them.  Adding a final dagger was the check - well over $100 for our group of 6.  Yikes.Service was decent, but the food was such a disappointment.  Glass Nickel, what happened to you?  Roman Candle remains solid, as does Rosati's (tip: order an extra thin crust from Rosati's - it's phenomenal), so at least I've still got a few decent alternatives to satisfy my pizza cravings.
2	After reading raving reviews of Glass Nickel Pizza, I have to say it was underwhelming.  I have honestly come to prefer Papa John's.  But then again, I don't eat meat so I wouldn't take this review TOO seriously.  I'm sure their other pizzas are good.
3	My roommate from last year (who is also from the Chicagoland area) refused to let us order anything from Madison for pizza delivery unless it was Glass Nickel because it was the closest he could get to the pizza back home. He's kind of an elitist pizza snob, but whatevs, I love him dearly even if he's a little bit off on this one.I've had a few of their specialty pizzas (Couch Potato, Cardiac Arrest, and Cheesasaurus) and meh. I've not been terribly impressed. Certainly, the ingredients and preparation is higher quality than, say, Ian's or Pizza di Roma, but it's not one of those pizza places I order from a lot because: A. it's a little more expensive than I'm willing to spend, and B. it's super dough-heavy.I don't mind a lot of dough, but I feel like it overcompensates a bit in terms of taste. There's more dough in the flavoring rather than the actual ingredients.I'd consider giving this place four stars, but as my delivery guy today was nearly a half hour over the expected time frame? Eh, I can't really justify more than 3. Besides, I'm not really that crazy over this place anyways. It's one of those places that if your friends want to go to--fine, but it's not one I'd take on my own initiative except for every once and awhile.
4	Madison has a ton of places to get pizza but the nickle is where I get delivery from the vast majority of the time.  As a result I have seen some variance in quality over the many orders in particular it is mandatory to order everything well done.  Pizza, fried mushrooms, everything.  Maybe even the salad.  If not ordered well done it will be raw.  I don't know if Madisonians like raw pizza or fried stuff with soft raw batter on it but I do not.
4	Three words: Fried. Macaroni. & Cheese.Glass Nickel calls these "Little Triangles Of Heaven." I'd say they're spot on! Combine with a bit of hot sauce and this appetizer is divine!I haven't been able to find these treats anywhere else, nor have I been able to replicate the recipe. (Hey, it can't be that hard: tablespoon of macaroni + cheese + deep fryer)There is also a full bar at Glass Nickel and it's open late night. If you're looking for good pizza, check this place out. Especially, check out those Triangles Of Heaven.
4	I brought 7 teenage boys to the University Avenue location; they were patient as we bumbled around deciding what to order, and our food came out quickly.  As always, it was delicious pizza.
2	I came here from NYC, which has a lot of great pizza options. (They also have a lot of crap pizza, but that's a different story). The pizza styles at GNP are too doughy for my tastes, though I recognize that some people like it that way. I was more disappointed in the crust flavor, which lacked the savory taste that I was looking for. There are lots of novelty toppings too, like mac & cheese or french fries and stuff like that. Great quantities of things that seemed to be hiding the lackluster value of the crust underneath. I think the oven isn't hot enough, because I didn't see the kind of char I expect on a pizza, and everything on top got very...brown...instead of molten with a charred crust. I'll probably try some other selections here but so far, it isn't a match for me.
4	Delivered in 30 min, not just pizza! Shrimp po boy was great and just discovered the awesomeness called Nickel Bites. Eco friendly cardboard packaging seals the deal
3	The glass nickel has a great variety of pizza and I can't lie its pretty tasty however; that being said its has two major down falls. The first, plan on a solid hour wait for take out if not longer.( that's with calling your order in ahead of time) The place is always packed! The second is take out your wallet, it's not cheap. For a large pizza plan on at least a $25 spot if not more. They do offer coupons but they are minimal and have declined over the years.
3	The pizza is quite tasty but I recommend avoiding their bizarre combinations and sticking with standards.  That means, avoid the goat cheese and cranberry sauce pizza and get a pepperoni and sausage.  Their "chefs" have questionable, overly adventurous tastes but their ingredients and pizzas are fresh and yummy when not doused with squid ink and marzipan.  The other tip I will offer is get it delivered.  Their service in the store is dodgy at the best of times and when its busy or any peak mealtime expect it to go downhill fast.  Their delivery service is fast and effective though.
3	I like glass nickels ground meats. They prepare them from scratch. Their crust was novel when they first opened in the nineties but after many years of eating pizza from the Madison area I now tend to go for either a thinner crispier crust or a full on pastry Chicago style crust. Not a fan of all of the weird pizza combos. Love that they have fresh basil and garlic though!The sausage filled raviolis are excellent!
4	This place has great pizza, good ambience, and not too shabby of a drink selection. Their pizzas are more "thin" style but focus on the fresh toppings. Typically they offer more vegetable options than other pizzerias. The rotating tap selection is very good for a pizza place. Prices are competitive and they cut you a deal if you order two pies. Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is the service is usually average and one time i ordered their pizza for delivery and it was pretty cold.
2	Once upon a time in Madison there were a lot of pizza places.  They all sucked.  Then along came Glass Nickel, they had higher quality 'za with much more variety in toppings.  Yay!Then after a while they started to suck a bit.  The pizza was always raw.  Always uncooked and white.  Ask for it well done?  75% chance it was raw anyway.  Dough became much more soft and underdone, doughy and rubbery.  Toppings taste cheap.  Salads, gross.  Fried mushrooms, mushy and raw.It really seems like corners have been cut in the last few years both in quality of ingredients and in the staff. There are now considerably better options available (Roman Candle, Ians to name a couple).  So I'm avoiding GN despite having been a fan for years.
4	Amazing hand tossed crust! The chicken cordon blue pizza is the absolute BEST! Glass Nickel is the one place I HAVE to visit EVERY time I am in Madison!
4	This has become one of our go-to locations for a simple dinner. I've found that pizza places make the BEST salads, and their greek salad is fantastic. We usually get a couple of salads and an order of 'Nickel Nuggets',(parmesan-coated bites of heaven), and a few drinks. The food is consistently good, service a little less so. We've been there on more than one occasion waiting an unacceptable amount of time for someone to come to our table. Not always, but often enough that it deserves to be mentioned- although we've also had super service as well.
5	I'm not familiar with the actual restaurant. My review is based on delivery.On a handful of occasions, I've had pizza from Glass Nickel when delivered to my work for lunch functions. Every time, I can't stop eating. I really can't.The ingredients used by Glass Nickel truly taste as though they are real ingredients. Real veggies, real cheese. The dough also tastes homemade. I believe the pizzas are from scratch.I'm not really a big pizza person -- probably because most of my pizza experiences are eating the chewy, icky, greasy Pizza Hut or other chain restaurant pizza. The Glass Nickel Pizza is a pleasant and wonderful alternative to the typical Americanized, cheap-ingredient pizza we are all unfortunately too accustomed to.Yes, I would recommend this pizza to anyone! And in the meantime, I should really visit the restaurant ...
4	When I heard about Glass Nickel, it was from my boyfriend, who lives in Madison. (I'm a Milwaukee girl!) He knows I'm a big bloody mary fan and would RAVE about the bloodies at Glass Nickel all the time. My hopes were pretty high when he finally took me there, and I definitely wasn't disappointed. They were excellent!The breakfast pizza I had was decent, just a little bland. But the pizza menu is huge - including toppings I never would have thought to put on a pizza, so I'm excited to go back and try some different kinds.It's a small place, so sometimes the bartender is also serving (during lunch hour,s at least) and service can take a while, but the atmosphere was comfortable and the workers have been extremely friendly every time I've gone. Overall, I would definitely recommend it!
5	Awesome
4	Dropped into Glass Nickel later in the evening on a recent trip to Madison on the advice of our local friend and tour guide. The place smelled wonderful and I was salivating immediately at the realization that the only thing I'd eaten since breakfast was two fried cheese curds pilfered from my friend's lunch.We ordered a house specialty Fetalicious pie as well as the current special Gyro pie. I tacked on a Caesar salad as my body was screaming for something green-ish. A pitcher of Bell's Oberon completed the meal.The food arrived quickly and the pies were fantastic. Anyone who's a fan of feta cheese will eagerly inhale the Fetalicious pie and violently box out anyone else who might go for the last piece. I thought the Gyro pie would be too over-the-top, but the sparingly-added chunks of gyro meat and tzatziki on the side provided the needed balance to make this a somewhat unexpected winner.One last note which doesn't in any way diminish my review of Glass Nickel: We decided to attend the second of the improv shows taking place down the basement and quickly regretted our decision. I admired the spirit of the two 'actor/comedians' who were up on stage, but they were simply awful and I hurt for them as they struggled on-stage. What's worse, a couple of obvious friends of the performers laughed at an artificially-enhanced volume to make up for the otherwise quiet room. Unfortunately, the only easy way to escape the 'club' is to actually cross the stage (during the 2-3 second periods of lights-out prompts for applause, apparently) which kept us captive far longer than we had hoped. Brutal. I'm sure other shows are better, but it may be best to inquire about who's performing in advance.
4	I've not actually been to the location, but I've ordered for delivery multiple times. The food always arrives hot and delicious, and it is simply the best pizza I've ever had. My only "complaint" is that the sauce is sweeter than I would like, but to each their own. Its still delicious.
1	Forget the somewhat manufactured-looking decent ratings and do NOT order pizza from this place. As out of towners we were dumb enough to order a pizza and a Caesar salad and were sorely disappointed. First off, their website is a complete mess...don't even dream of trying to find their phone number on it, much less the price of a pizza. Second...any place that serves up a Caesar salad with what are obviously bagged chicken chunks, and croutons and dressing that come in packets is NOT a three star pizza place. I mean come on people, Madison is practically a Chicago suburb -- you should know what decent pizza is! Thirdly, if a pizza place knows you are ordering from a hotel and one of the things you are ordering is a salad for two, you'd think a couple of napkins and more than one fork would come with your order. Not a chance!Now, as to the 'za itself: two words come to mind: Pizza Pit. Yes, the fake cheese, over-sweet cheap sauce, too-thick crust and spongy sausage reminded me of the chain places of my own college youth.  As for the reviews that call the toppings "fresh," how exactly can you tell when a greasy piece of processed meat or a sliver of onion is fresh once it's been in a 500 degree pizza oven?  Give me a break.  Despite all this, my husband, daughter and I made a meal of it. Later. My husband and I made a meal of TUMS, and as for my daughter? Well, she woke up with a stomach ache and as of this writing, has thrown up three times. Thanks, Gkass Nickel, for ruining the last day of our vacation!
4	So far, Glass Nickel has the best pizza that I've tried in Madison. They're quick to deliver, easy online ordering, and they notify you via email when your order is out for delivery!Their menu includes some interesting specialty pizzas. I've tried the Sacre Bleu, which includes canadian bacon, salami, and blue cheese (YUMMO!). I've recently been privy to the Fetalicious. They have a lot of other cool combos that look intriguing.4 stars because Glass Nickel isn't the most amazing pizza I've ever eaten in my entire life, but it's a great go-to pizza delivery joint!
4	Glass Nickel now has vegan cheese as a topping option, meaning I can actually order a pizza with cheese in Madison. Pretty awesome.
5	Best pizza in Madison!!Atwood location has nice bar, very good beer selection, and great staff!
4	I order Glass Nickel occasionally and generally go for their Santa Fe or Mediterranean.  This review has to do with this evening's order, though.I went for spaghetti with pesto, which comes with a side salad and garlic bread.  I also ordered garlic bread sticks.  All of this was for delivery.I placed my order at about 7:15 and by 8:30 was still waiting for it to come (estimated delivery time is usually between 45 minutes and an hour).  I was very close to calling in to the restaurant to find out what happened to the driver when he showed up.  The first thing out of his mouth was an apology.  He apologized about the delay, which he blamed on the bad weather as well as its being a busy night, and offered me $5 (almost half the cost of my order) back on my order as compensation.  I took it and remembered to tip.The food was average, though I am a sucker for the garlic bread sticks.
3	Nickel used to be amazing.  I don't know if its new management, new cooks, or who is to blame, but the pizza quality has seriously fallen off.  Gave it my last go after a few mediocre pies.  The prices no longer justify the ends.  The wings, shrimp po boy (although not authentic), and fried cod sandwich are pretty darn good.  Nothing to rave about but good enough for a late night order.  The menu is very diverse although I am not sure about the quality of the other items.
5	I've been eating and drinking at Glass Nickel for many years.  The waitstaff is wonderful, the food is delicious and the drinks are strong.  These days we order delivery about once a week and are never disappointed.  Our order is always received in a much faster time than we expect!
5	The best pizza I have tasted period. Glass Nickel pretty much ruined me for any other pizza place. I usually order the MEDITERRANEAN  pizza which is my absolute favorite. I also order the spinach cheese bread very often too, its a great deal for $6.25, its more than a meal for me. My husband and I frequently order the cheese bread and a build your own salad. Did I mention there salads are bomb too. They have really unique pizzas you dont find anywhere else. I have never had a bad meal there and there servers have always been knowledgeable, friendly, and fast. glass Nickel must be a great place to work for too because I have seen the same employees there for years.They have an extensive beer selection and have great drink specials as well. One of the places I eat most at.
2	This review is just about the pizza, not the service or atmosphere, as I have only ordered delivery from this place.The pizza just isn't that good. They have some topping combinations that are interesting, but I've found that most of them just miss the mark. They end up being crust heavy or topping heavy without much sauce or balance. Their salads are primarily watery iceberg lettuce with a few veggies thrown in. Their salad dressings are bagged and uninspired. I agree that the Mediterranean pizza is their best, but it probably the only thing I would eat if I ordered from there again.
4	Yummy yummy pizza.  Crust is mid range between thin and a thick crust.  Tastes homemade.  My favorites are their deluxe (what can I say, I like classics!) and the Ranch (bacon, chicken, red onions, tomato, ranch sauce).  The latter is simply to die for.  Their regular tomato sauce, which I think is what can make or break a pizza (in addition to the crust) is fantastic.  I will say though, that people seem to LOVE the fetalicious but I think it's gross. Obviously a personal preference.And this review is for pizza from all Glass Nickel Pizza locations (including Atwood Ave, University Ave, Fitchburg, and Green Bay).  They are all very consistent.
4	My favorite pizzas they offer are the ones without pizza sauce, which is salty. Their food tends to be salty (maybe so you buy drinks?), not so much that you think the food is salty in taste, but more along the lines of it makes you thirsty for a long time. I do love their pizza crust; it is toothsome & neither thick nor thin.The location is clean (dining area & bathrooms) with a casual/family friendly atmosphere; the staff is friendly; the food is good. A solid choice for pizza.
3	Went here last night after receiving a much appreciated coupon in the mail for $10 off any purchase.  Atmosphere was good, server was very nice, beer/wine selection is decent...most importantly, the pizza was good (but not excellent).  The menus were very sticky and the wine list had some pizza sauce thumb prints all over it....a dirty menu annoys me because if they don't clean what they know you'll see....what else don't they clean.  I hope it was a fluke.  I would like to come back for their trivia so I'll give it another try soon!
1	After seeing their food decline in quality, I started ordering from here less frequently.  One night I was craving a salad and went in with a friend.  Before the server even got to our table I could tell from his body language and facial expression that he was less than thrilled.  His tone and language was hostile and rude; actually the worst I've ever been treated in a restaurant.  There are a ton of restaurants in Madison and I have no desire to spend any of my time surrounded by such hostility and negative energy.  Went elsewhere and had a fabulous night.
4	Glass Nickle isn't just for pizza.  Try the carryout salads.  Start with any of the listed salads and then customize to your hearts content.  Chef salads are a great place to start.  My son orders the caesar salad adds chicken and is set. The toppings are fresh & plentiful.  Add in your one (or more) of the 15 choices of dressings, croutons, normal or extra amounts, fork or no fork.  Your dinner is sent and is cold, crisp and ready to eat.  If you order the large expect to eat it for 2 meals.
4	Service was great! Went around 2 in the afternoon today (a Tuesday) and it was not at all busy. Ben (our server) was attentive yet didn't hover. He kept an eye on my glass and offered a refill accordingly. He also gave a good recommendation on the pizza (Boar's K---?) 3 meats with classic veggies. He also sent a sauce on the side for us to try since the only "dressing" was garlic & olive oil (it was a sauceless pizza otherwise). It was definitely a good time.
3	Glass Nickel advertises on the key to my hotel room. I ordered a pizza and received an email when my order was placed and when it went out for delivery.  It took 30 minutes from the time it left the restaurant until it arrived at my door cold.  Why advertise when you can't deliver a hot quality product.  Bad for business.
5	Went here with my wife and 2 kids last weekend when we were in Madison.  Server was excellent.  Ordered the Nickel Nuggets to start and they were excellent.  Kids couldn't stop eating them.  Pizza was delicious.  Finished up with the Cinna-nugs for dessert and they were awesome!  Would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for excellent pizza.
4	We came in to Madison for a family event and after all the flying, driving, and glasses of wine needed pizza so badly.The pizza was so great and we are now enjoying lunch the next day...Sacre bleu and fetalicious really was super: not greasy pizza, flavors of the fresh vegetables still in evidence, and just delicious.
4	I've really never had a bad experience with Glass Nickel. The pizza is always delicious and they have a huge selection of gluten free pizzas to choose from! The variety in types of pizzas you can get here is one of the best parts. I have had the thai pizza and breakfast pizza and both are so delicious. The Breakfast pizza is a fantastic hangover cure! Delivery is pretty fast and it always arrives hot. The price is a bit higher than other chain restaurants (Dominos, Pizza Hut) but if you're looking for a good delivery pizza that's not going to bust your budget, this is the place to go.
5	There are a few Glass Nickel's in the area, but this one takes home the cake! They have the fastest delivery, the nicest drivers and my order has always been perfect! This location also has a bar with lots of local and imported beer, which is a plus! :-)
4	Improv in the basement!Oh, pizza is alright too. Salads are where it's at for me though, here.
4	A very nice pizza shop with a lot of great options. I loved the title on the meat pizza "cardiac arrest". Being a vegetarian, I went for the veggie pizza with a lot of great toppings. The sauce on their pies could use some more spice but that is my opinion. I loved that there is 3-4 different crusts to choose from. The thick crust I went with was lovely. Everything tasted fresh and was put together with care.I had leftovers and I think the flavors got even better after siting a few days. If you love pizza and are in Madison, I recommend stopping by.
4	Glass Nickel on the East Side of Madison is always good. I use to work there in high school before they branched out so much. It is still has good food and lots of the same menu. Can't complain! Our server was great too!
2	The pizza is great, but the wings were awful. They give you sauce on the side instead of adding it to the wings..... What's up with that? The place also smells like it's not well cleaned.... It smells like lingering dirt.
5	My wife and I stopped in yesterday.  It was nice to be back in the area.  Their pizza is as good as it gets & their salads are awesome too!  I loved the Founder's smoked porter...the scotch ale by House of Brews not so much.  Adam and Dave are uniquely different bartenders, but both kick ass in their own unique ways.  ;-)
5	I order from here every time I'm in town. One of the few pizza places that still has green olives.
4	I've been coming to Glass Nickel for years on and off. A lot less frequently since moving away from the area, but I sometimes find myself back here or doing takeout with family members when back in the Madison area. I've only tried some of the more traditional pizzas here--my family members don't have the most adventurous palette--but they've all been tasty. I'm a big fan of their thin crust--surprisingly it holds up well to the grease in the pizza and doesn't get too soggy. The price isn't too terrible, but it's not anything to rave about. The service is usually pretty standard. They're one of the few places open late in Madison that isn't downtown or a bar, which makes it a good choice for grabbing some late night grub in that city. They also have a cash discount which is pretty cool.
4	Update based on several recent experiences, both with dine-in and delivery.+ Delivery is always prompt, friendly, and pizzas arrive piping hot+ Drivers are friendly and professional+ The actual restaurant has an outstanding tap beer list. Impressively good, and always changing. Taps are reasonably priced and have accurate descriptions.+ The dark nature of the interior lends to good conversation with a dining mate, provided there aren't screaming kiddos in the area (like there were during the past two visits)+ Improv comedy downstairs on Saturday nights- Imrpov comedy shows sell out quickly, so get there earlyI've discovered that the best technique when compiling a pizza order is to go with spicier, more bold ingredients than you might normally choose. There's something about the Nickel's pillowy pizza dough that mutes milder toppings... don't be afraid to go with jalapenos or the spicy sauce. Throw on some bold italian sausage or a tangy feta. It'll make all of the difference.Going with potato-like ingredients results in the flavorless experience I noted way back in 2010. Now that I know the secret, I'm a fan, fo' sho'.
4	Best delivery pizza I've had since moving from Chicago. The Fetalicious is amazing, and makes me wonder why I don't have feta on my pizza all the time... Delicious pizza for cheap. Awesome pizza joint!
5	One of my favorite pizza places in town.Nice chewy crust.Unique or normal toppings.Classic pizza place atmosphere.Try the pizza of the month. It's always good.
5	Cardiac Arrest pizza is amazing. Solid selection of craft beers and service always seems to be good. Have really only stuck to the pizza and apps but would try a sandwich.
4	The pizza arrived very quickly and it was very hot.There was a LOT of large garlic chunks on the chicken Alfredo pizza (minus chicken of course!) so if you're not a huge garlic chunk fan, I'd avoid pizzas here with garlic on them.The gal on the phone was fantastically sweet and the delivery driver was...not as friendly, but that's fine. You don't always have to be bubbly.Lastly, the price was STEEP.
1	This place keeps going down, down, down ... rubbery dough, cheap ingredients and crappy cheese. Sandwiches come complete with stale bread and cheap supermarket ingredients, I can make a much better sandwich at home. The service is awful and slow, so we're done with GN! Interesting how many 5 star reviews they have given how bad the food and service are.
4	I have had nothing, but great service every time. They were kind enough to follow-up with me to make sure we were on the same page with the order. I have and will continue to get my pizza pies there.
1	I was a fan of Glass Nickel until this last experience. I ordered the Chicken Cordon Bleu and upon eating the last piece my teeth crunched into something hard. I thought it was a chicken bone, which is understandable, but it was instead a piece of metal. Glad I didn't swallow that bite whole! I called the store that delivered the pizza and the staff apologized for the incident, even offering a credit for next time, which was good, but I wasn't confident in her follow-up for investigating how this happened, so I want to be sure it's not just covered up. Thanks Yelp!Albeit I was probably unlucky with this, it still ruins this pizza chain for me. Advise to management: focus on improving practices in your ktichen so don't serve your customers metal-filled pizzas in the future!
3	The flavors in general are fine and the ingredients fresher than most, but the crust is always gloppy by the time it gets to my door.  I was surprised recently to find out they do not have a clue how to make a  parbake.
5	Pizza Pizza!After a long day of walking around Madison on a cold ass day and doing my own pub crawl, I decided to stay at the hotel for dinner. With no wheels, I call the Glass Nickel and they will deliver right to our room. SWEET!  I get the two 14 inch pizza special, a Deluxe with extra cheese and a Cheesasaurous with Basil and mushrooms. I'm HereAfter waiting maybe 45 mins our pizzas show up. We get settle in and open the boxes. There pies look incredible. I didn't try Cheesasaurous but my wife said it was one of the best thin crust no sauce pizza she has ever had. She is like the Queen of that style of pizza. I got the deluxe with hand tossed crust. Ladies and Gentlemen, this is some good damn pizza. First off it was nice and hot. The sausage was in small chucks which I adore. I hate when I get sausage that is sliced. It also had pepperoni, mushrooms, peppers and yellow onions.  This was a classic pizza which tasted great which leads me to say, that this was one of the best I've had. That is no bullshit.VerdictWhen you are living in a hotel for 6 days, you have no wheels, you are tired, and it's cold as shit outside this has to be your go to place for pizza delivery. They come right up to your room so you can stay in your cozy clothes. On top of that the pizza is outstanding and pipping hot. You folks in Madison are lucky to have this place in your town. Stay Hungry!
4	Really good pizza,  and many wild varieties to try.  I'm more a fan of thin crust. So I get their cracker crust. The fried mac and cheese is awesome. Parking is not great though.
5	It's still the best darn pizza in town!
3	I really like the Borris Karloff pizza from here on the cracker crust it is awesome.  I just hate waiting an hour to get my pizza.  The food is great speed of service could be improved.  My only other complaint is when the delivery drivers from here get lazy and call ahead wanting you to meet them in the front of the apartment building rather than bringing your food all the way to your door.  When I order delivery it is because I am being lazy and do not want to put my shoes on lol!  Seriously though the Borris Karloff pizza is a must try just dont be in a hurry to get it!
5	Great Pizza all around. But I'm writing about the service. I phoned in a delivery order. Ten minutes later I realized that I'd forgotten that I wanted them to delay the order until 6:00 PM. They said the pizzas were already in the oven. Oh well, my mistake. A few minutes later they called back to say that they'd checked with the manager and they'd re-make the order and deliver at 6:00. That's great service!
5	I don't give many five star ratings, but I can't think of anything I don't like about Glass Nickel. To be honest, their Border Crossing pizza is something I seriously crave. It's always done exactly the way I like it, because all the info from my previous orders pops up when I call. So convenient. I recently ordered one for pickup when I got into my car on Langdon St., and by the time I reached Atwood, it was ready. Amazing! Prices are reasonable and there are always coupon codes to use, just check online.The staff is friendly and laid back, and the dining room is somewhat dim and intimate, with very cool 50's style light fixtures suspended over the tables. They have a really nice, if slightly limited, tap beer list that changes constantly. They usually have some Three Floyds selections, a big plus.Last but not least, they have a SUPER fun improv comedy show on Saturday nights that has never failed to be a blast. I always take out of town guests there and it's always a hit. It sells out quickly, so order early. The ticketing process can be a little wonky, but it's very affordable, and it usually all works out.
5	This is about as good as pizza in Madison can be. As a man grown from Chicago, I understand the limitations Madison has, but Glass Nickel does pizza and service right. I've been to the East side location and gotten kindness, camraderie and warmth all the way. The pizza is piping hot, tastes good, and has a lot of variety and color.The atmosphere is quite casual, the food is good, and the people are nice. The prices are a tad high, so I don't go that often, but if doing delivery, they are reasonable about delivery fees compared to the rest of Madison. This place is pretty phenomenal.
