5	Friendly faces.  Fast service.  No PUSHY salesmen.  New location on McQueen is easy to find
5	I love working with these guys. I have been fr the past three years and nothing but great service and support. You will also get some laughs while you are here to keep you coming back for more. Highly recommend giving these guys your money because the price will be fair and service will be above and beyond!
5	I was experiencing a very bad vibration on my 2005 GMC Sierra.  It was lifted and had used wheels and tires put on about 2 years prior, but the shaking started about three months ago. After rotating and re-balancing the wheels several times with no success I brought it into Chris at XTC to have them check it out. At first, after several of his team members looked it over they couldn't find anything wrong with it. After looking up the date codes on my tires Chris discovered that the tires were nearly 7 years old! He recommended new tires and shocks. I had them install 4 new Toyo AT/2 tires and 4 new Bilstein shocks. I can honestly say I have never felt that truck ride so smooth!  What an improvement, and most importantly the vibration was gone.I really appreciated the time Chris and the other team members took to look over my truck and make the correct suggestion to resolve my issue.  I had been several other places before and was told they couldn't find anything wrong and sent me on my way.  Thank you team XTC for taking care of my truck.  I love to drive it more than ever!-SM
2	Had my 2012 Ram 1500 in for a 7" CST lift. 10 months later I had to have two brake lines replaced front left speed sensor replaced along with the wiring because they were rubbing against the inner tire walls whenever I went over a bump. Dealer said that whoever put the lift on should have tied the brake lines and wiring back. I called and talked to Chris about it, and his response was I'll call you back. Haven't heard back.. I ended up getting rid of the truck and bought a new one. I won't let them touch the new truck
5	Had a leveling kit and new rims and tires put on my 2014 Silverado. These guys beat everyone's prices. There was a small delay on the work which was not their fault but was very pleased when it got done. Had to wait around and shoot the bull but it wasn't really a big deal since the people who work there actually have a personality lol. Will definitely be going back and will also recommend them.Great job.
