5	I have two children (~2 and ~4) attending 9th Bridge. My experience with preschools is from doing quite a lot of research in Manhattan NYC and our son attending a great school there. We looked at schools in NYC that were upwards of $40k per year and 9th Bridge is on the way to becoming just as great as those schools. Everyone has been tremendous thus far and there is a strong community forming right here in downtown Las Vegas.
5	Both of our girls have attended 9th Bridge School since it opened and the experience has been transformative for our entire family. The leadership has been brilliant with heart, inspiring our two little ladies to do what they love each step of the way. Thanks to artists in residence visiting in the fall they inspired an awareness in our 5 year old artist that she had the possibility of being an artist as her profession, which led to her very own First Friday art booth. The comprehensive education that our children are receiving is first class, worthy of all of the sacrifices that parents make when choosing to send their children to a private school. I can not recommend it highly enough and I welcome any potential family to reach out to the existing families to hear our stories first hand.
5	My son wakes up every morning asking if it is a school day. When we say yes it is, "WOOHOO!" is his reaction.The curriculum, staff, facility and super healthy lunches are just a few of the reasons why 9th Bridge is an incredibly special and unique environment for learning.
5	My son (~2) has been attending 9th Bridge since its inception and it has been incredible! The curriculum exposes the children to such a broad range of experiences while also allowing the kids to lead themselves through activities. My son's teacher also took the initiative to help in developmental areas that he was behind in and we have worked together to implement plans and strategies to improve his skills in those areas. Our experience with 9th Bridge has superseded all expectations and we're enrolling our second kid in the school soon!
5	9th Bridge is an exceptionally personalized daycare.  The staff know all the children by name, and when you walk into the school, everyone is friendly and outgoing.  Every week, they send out content to the parents with tips on how to help foster child development (age-appropriate) as well as photos from activities during the week.  They have brand new, clean facilities and great security, which is nice for ease of mind.  Though the school is small and new, it's focused on building a strong community of 9th Bridge families across ages to foster lasting friendships.
