4	Finally a place that I think will survive in my area for coffee and donuts. I am a fan of Dunkin Donuts on the east coast and happy to see that this place opened up after countless number of other places failed in this exact location. The store itself was surprisingly large and is more of a coffee shop style than a place to grab and go. They have a good number of tables, couches and a few flat screen tvs. I was greeted by numerous staff when I walked in and told about the history of DD and the other locations in the southwest (which for some reason I had never seen around). They were overly staffed in my opinion, but since they had just opened, I figured they were training a lot of new people. There are numerous hot and cold coffee items to choose from and of course the various donuts and even sandwiches to enjoy. If you are in a hurry and don't want to get out of your car, they even have drive through.
3	Having been born and raised on the East Coast, I was raised on Dunkin Donuts. Thanks to Yelp, I learned that Dunkin Donuts increased their presence in Las Vegas with a brand new Durango Drive store (north of Warm Springs). Without any hesitation, on the way to hiking on Lone Mountain, I exited the 215 at Durango Drive, to experience the newest Dunkin Donuts in Las Vegas.    I rate Dunkin Donuts toasted bagels and coffee highly. A toasted sesame bagel with coffee would be a nice way to start the day before a hike. That would of been if they did not run out of the majority of their bagels. The two flavors of bagels that were left over at 11:30 a.m., on a Saturday were the two flavors I disliked. This left me with the other option, which was to order the two donuts with coffee combo, They were out of a lot of donuts. Fortunately there was a blueberry and frosted strawberry donut.  This Dunkin Donuts opened a couple of days ago. Understandably the new business has some flaws. The bagel and donuts outs at 11:30 a.m., on a Saturday was definitely a flaw.  Leaving aside the outs on bagels and some donuts, I view this Dunkin Donuts favorably. The employees were fast and friendly. From the large parking lot to the restaurant there is plenty of space. This is the largest Dunkin Donuts that I have yet to set foot in in Nevada. This is the very first Dunkin Donuts that I have ever set foot in that has sofa chairs in addition to table seats. In some of my previous    Dunkin Donuts reviews, I discussed how Dunkin Donuts is a place to have a coffee and donut then go on to do something else. I can now write that Dunkin Donuts is a place to relax. This Dunkin Donuts also offers complimentary WiFi.  And their coffee with blueberry syrup and sweetener is the bomb.    I am an understanding Yelper, and will give this new business three stars. Normally I would give it 4 stars. Having been born and raised on the East Coast, I will support Dunkin Donuts when as they grow on the West Coast. As of now, I am giving this Dunkin Donuts three stars. If the service goes down, I could give it less stars. On the opposite extreme if the service is good and they improve the out of stocks, it could I could give it four stars.
4	Ah, Dunkin' Donuts.  How I love that you sprout up everywhere.This one especially has a very well-spaced interior, many MANY outlets for all your techies and comfy chairs in the corner (under the TV sadly).  Still, great atmosphere for just relaxing and sipping coffee -- I did so for about half an hour on my first visit.  =)One odd thing: Register placement.  But no big deal once you've visited your first time.  Walk in and walk all the way back.  It's not the first counter.  Oops.Loveee getting a large coffee here for, like, $2 and some change.  And it's tasty!?  WHAAAT?!  Plus there's a drive-thru for all you on-the-go people!
1	New location opened up on Warm Springs and Durango a few months ago. Very clean, as it should be. Customer service not so swell. I just went to see what the rant and rave was about their coffee. Sorry not impressed. If I had to compare the flavor to anyone else's coffee, I would have to say that 7-11 and theirs run a tie. I believe there is a drive-thru for those on the run.
4	Not a fan of the coffee (I know all the east-coasters will kill me) but the speed of service and efficient customer service makes me keep coming back. I suck up the average coffee taste for better prices than Starbucks and a MUCH faster drive-through than the Starbucks on Rainbow. The service is always speedy and kind, and they deliver a very consistent product. Their espresso is great in my opinion. Thank you for opening up in my neighborhood!
5	This store is in the plaza directly across the street from Sonics & Cvs on Durango.I came here at 7:15pm tonight,  grabbed a double chocolate donut & med. ice coffee. The donut wasn't stale & was quite delicious.  Shocker! The night shift leader Charles, & Jess were both very nice!  It was clean & quiet which is a plus for me. They do have Wifi here as well.  I like the modern feel & is the biggest Dunkin location in Vegas. C: I will be back.
5	This was my first time at this location and I was very impressed.  The interior is warm and inviting, very clean and modern.  There are tables outside and yes they play music outside as well.  Now for the important part, the coffee was excellent and the customer service outstanding.  Thank you Charles and Jessica for making us feel welcome even though we arrived close to closing time.
5	This is the biggest Dunkin Donuts in Vegas. I love the modern interior, it feels spacious & warm. There's seating areas, all the outlets you could ask for, Wifi, friendly & quick service. Charles & Jess were super nice, thank you both! We'll be back for sure. C :
1	Terrible customer service.  Drive through being run be Shannon who acts like she's got "better things to do".  I won't be returning. Go to the charleston location or rainbow. Amazing customer service at both.
5	This dunkin is awesome! Friendly staff and great dunkin coffee. Its always nice to have a coffee shop where you can plug in and get work or school work done.
4	I work right next door to here and always have the yummy smell of coffee pouring into my office. So I finally went in great customer service, clean, cool, good music.I got a pumpkin latte (small) for only 99 cents!!!! It was super yummy !!!My bagel was ok but still filled me up. I'll def. go back
4	You can't really go wrong with a coffee place. Especially a franchise that specializes in making tasty Donuts and delicious Coffee. As a VIP Host in Las Vegas, places like these help me keep my job in this sleepless town lol.
5	I go to this store because it's close to Design and Wine. I usually just get coffee. The fall flavors are out. Pumpkin Colada (colatta) sp. The people are friendly. The best thing I like is the drive thru. Yay
5	Smiling faces and spacious seating. I love the service here and that deserves 5 stars. You just don't get that anymore. More selections on donuts would be awesome.
1	I love me some donuts and all things breakfast, but I was very disappointed with the quality of donuts and breakfast sandwiches at Dunkin Donuts. The chocolate donut and the bacon egg and cheese sandwich are a recipes for an instant stomach ache.
3	If I'm running late to work and need a quick energy boost THIS is the place to go!It's not the BEST iced coffee/latte, but it sure does pick me up especially for those sluggish mornings. I really love their drive-thru which allows us all to stay in the warmth of our car without having to get out ;)If you have a sweet tooth, you might want to ask for extra sugar or cream. There's also that option to wait until you get to work to add on as much sugar and creamer as your little heart desires.It's not Starbucks, but it'll do.
5	they finally changed the staff in this location! The service is 10x better than it used to be, the food (cook to order) sandwiches are way better aswell so glad i gave this location another chance
1	What is so hard about getting an order right? Terrible customer service and this is the 2nd time I've had to go back because they can't get an order right. It's DOUGHNUTS!
5	This is my favorite Dunkin... And not just because it's less than a mile from my house. It's cleanEveryone is friendlyService is accurate and fastDonuts are freshCoffee is delicious.Get the app for your phone and start saving tons of money also.Free coffee club.
2	I love Dunkin Donuts but this one was a let down. Super slow service in the drive through...almost 10 mins for two black coffees and a donut. Our order ended up wrong but we didn't have time to go back. The donut wasn't great...hope they pick up their service and quality.
3	I love dunkin donuts, but when it comes to their other menu items, this pla e is horrible. Hash browns were soggy, one of the orders had packing tape on the wrapper and the guy behind the counter was sagging. It's time to pull up your pants.
1	OMG NEVER AGAIN. I used to go to the DD on Las Vegas Blvd. near Warm Springs all the time, but I had stopped going to Dunkin Donuts because the service was so inconsistent and they constantly screwed up on my order. It had been months, but this past Saturday morning I was in a hurry and drove by this one so decided to take a chance.I ordered a non-fat latte with a Splenda, and I watched her through the window as she poured coffee into a cup, added milk and a splenda and then give it to me. I actually took one sip just to make sure I wasn't seeing things, and it was not only exactly what I saw, but it was lukewarm.I was like, OH HELL NO. I told her I ordered a latte. She looked at me with a dumb expression, and I said, that's coffee with cold milk you just poured in. She played dumb and said, "oh, uh, sorry. I'll get that fixed right away." She came back with a latte that was actually decent, but I just could not understand why she would try to give me a lukewarm coffee to begin with. Laziness? Didn't know what she was doing? Who knows. All I know is that I will NEVER go to Dunkin Donuts ever again.
4	Better service with a drive thru !!! I just ordered the iced latte with butter pecan and a bagel Sandwhich. Their donuts are not that great .
2	Who hires for this place? They must take anyone who walks in for a job. Some of the employees are great but then there are a few weirdos there. These guys make going in for a cup of coffee a very uncomfortable experience. The last time I went in with my husband we decided to sit in for a bit and enjoy our drink. The one male employee came out to start a conversation with us. He started telling my husband how to pick up women by manipulating them. My husband said to him that we were married and he didn't need to know this yet the man kept on going on about it. We just stood up and left. It was very uncomfortable and annoying. I'm just going to avoid this place for now on.
1	stopped by there this morning just after 5am. As I approached the front door one of two employees actually turned the lights off.  I stood at the locked door, and tried to get the attention of one of the employees inside. They both looked at me as if I were some hobo that was there looking for a handout or something. From now on, I will disregard all dunkin donuts in the same fashion as if they are invisible. However I thought this was so rude, I felt it was absolutely necessary to open a yelp account and share my experience with there potential customers.  Hopefully this will prevent someone else's start to a rude day. I'm a truck driver, and I spend a lot of time on the road. A descent cup of coffee in the morning is always a nice way to get your day going. When there are so many places that insist on exceptional customer service. You shouldn't settle for poor to mediocre service.  Don't waste your valuable time or hard earned money here!
1	This is the worst dunkin ever. Coming from the east coast, it hurts my heart to say this. The other day I ordered an iced green tea...easy right? Well they "ran out" and gave me WATERED DOWN COFFEE INSTEAD. Do you have to be stupid to work here? If so, the employees are on point. I have never received my order correctly and it's really not that hard to do. Drive thru cashiers always have an attitude as well. Sorry you're unhappy but no one is forcing you to work here. I'd rather shell out a few extra bucks and get star bucks where my order is always right, green tea included.
2	The employees seem miserable and the doughnuts are made poorly. They never give my napkins in the drive though with anything I could order a doughnut, coffee and bagel and I always have to ask for them. Maybe It's just me but I feel like when you go through the drive though it should just be provide with our question.
2	I Went there this morning and ordered a small coffee with two creamers and after I pulled away from the drive thru I had to stop at a gas station... I looked at my coffee, and it didn't look right, so I tasted it... Needless to say it was not fresh and way to much cream.Get it right Dunkin Donuts!!!!!!!!
2	The 2 stars is not for service or price but for the donuts. I am nor have I ever really come to dunk in donuts and now I remember why. The quality or freshness of the donuts aren't great. They are OK better than a store boxed donut. Not a huge donut fan to begin with but I remember donuts I have eaten being better. Service was great and they were very friendly. Love their coffee and the fact that they now sell the coffee in their store but that's about it. The donuts weren't fresh when I went in. Could have been the time of day not sure bit I would think they should taste fresher than the did.
1	Worse customer service. Just ordered an ice latte and it is literally white because it's all milk. That's after I returned my first one because they decided to add sugar.
2	I'm so disappointed in this story. Everytime I go through the drive thru and ask for a variety dozen and specify I would like either some custard or this time I asked for their pumpkin specials. I get nothing but regular round cheap bottom shelf donuts in my dozen each time.
2	I will never return to this location! I love their espresso & the coffee. However, the customer service was AWFUL!! It has slowly gone down hill over the past month I don't know what changed with the AM management but, you always treat the customer with respect!
5	I went on Oct 29th at about 1230 idk the manager on duty but he was wearing a black shirt.. he was truly awesome. I love this dunkin, always the nicest employees, but he went above and beyond.  Thank u again made my day :)
2	Sad story. We've been coming to this Dunkin Donuts regularly for about 2 years now. I regularly order an XL hot coffee w/ cream and sugar, along with a multigrain bagel with peanut butter. Very recently, the coffee has tasted burnt, suggesting they don't regularly make new pots like they used to. My bagel today came with cream cheese, not PB... And they put cream cheese on less than half of the bagel. This is disheartening, because this location is in the perfect location for us on the way to work. I may not be coming back here.
5	I went this morning to get my normal donuts. I wish I got her name but she was working the drive and she said she has been working there for only 3 weeks. Well normally they are okay service but this girl went the extra mile. Asking how my day went and so on. You can teach technical but you can never teach customer service. Thank you for making my morning. By they way I had 3 apple fritters and 2 coffees and they were perfect. The apple fritters make my beautiful pregnant wife smile and she says they are the best she has ever had. People like that will make me come back every time.
1	This place is only good if you place one order for one item. If you place an order for more than one person they cannot handle it. This has happened more than once at this location. How do you screw up an order of one croissant with cheese, one croissant with ham and cheese, and one crossiant with ham egg and cheese........it's on the receipt and you can't read it......never coming back again
1	I had the worst experience I have ever received at any Dunkin location. The staff was very unprofessional and seemed like they were only worried about playing around with each other than doing their job. They also messed our entire order up. I hope that not all locations are like this now. Seems like they just let a few 16 year old kids run the store and do whatever they want. Will not be going back to this location again.
5	Charles now works for Walgreens as a manager. But Daniel, James & Flora are great employees.I finally decided to get a "charge card". Fairly easy to use, you can put a MINIMUM of $10 on your card to start. It's easy, click pay, select your DnD card & a QR code comes up for them to scan at the register.We had the pleasure of being served by Austin the new guy today.. He did a great job using the register for the first time  Great listener, enthusiastic, friendly, polite and with a little help he makes a slammin' coffee. I told him exactly what I wanted he ran me up, had a little hiccup when paying because I think I was the first customer he had paying by phone app. I used my Dunkin app because I had a free beverage after earning 200 points (every $1 spent is 5 points). Fairly easy to earn a free coffee if you visit 5 times a week.I always get the same thing, Med Iced Unsweetened shot of French Vanilla, 9 creams, 3 sugars. After I realized there was too much flavor because of the bitter taste I had. I asked if he could remake my coffee. He gladly walked over, came back with the bottle & cup in hand. He asked me when there was enough shot in the coffee. I told him a little "sprits". A small amount on the bottom of the cup. I was really surprised he took the time to do it correctly & learn.My second cup of coffee was much better, I folded a napkin several times over. I carefully placed the napkin over the hole on the lid, placed my finger over it tightly & shook it up over the trash, trying not to make a mess. Stabbed the straw through & had a sip it was Perfect! I don't mind teaching somebody how to make an iced coffee, as long as they listen and are willing to learn. I think he'll do just fine. Great service.Gluten free TIP: menu has been put on HOLD.  No worries they're coffee is certainly GF . How 'bout a GF snack? A staggering TWO ITEMS: Hash browns for .79 cents or Oatmeal (no idea how the oatmeal tastes).  I prefer to get 2 orders of Hash browns  EXTRA crispy (they use a tray for all their toaster oven products, warn them you have an allergy.For those of you thinking, "How can you stand to have your coffee with THAT MUCH cream? it's basically MILK."  You'll laugh, family guy does not mention this but,  RI where I'm from they SERVE actual Coffee milk at diners. It was almost labeled RI's state drink. It's high fructose corn syrup flavored like coffee.. You use it like you would strawberry syrup with a glass of milk, similar bottle it comes in too.Well where I'm from, it's not far from the Corporate office located in Canton, MA.  New Englanders order their ICED coffees back home as "EXTRA EXTRA" often times. Extra cream & Extra sugar which is 9 shots of cream & 9 sugars. (Cream & sugar to most is to us "regular" back home).  Mind you it will be below 12 out & we still order an coffee ICED.  I have changed the way I order my coffee, I have cut back on the sugar but I still like my coffee to look like milk.. If I went back home right now, I'd gag at the thought of how much sugar they use in Extra Extra.Munchkins are 10 for $1.99 right now, if you're not intolerant to wheat or corn.
2	Staff here is awesome. Everything else not so much.
2	Hate this place. My boyfriend and I went a few times. The food is gross and they always mess up orders. This place should be shut down.
5	Austin rang us up in a friendly manner. I had a survey filled out for a free donut.  Today the Dunkin Donut mobile Perks had new stuff. I wanted to use them to earn more points. Redeemed the $1 off on my Veggie FlatBread. If you bought any size Hot Chocolate you get 30 bonus points (towards a free beverage you need 200 points).My Veggie FlatBread was mMmm. Then I burned myself taking a sip out of my Medium Hot Chocolate.  I enjoyed the free Glazed Donut.Thanks again.Tip #1:  My personal favorite because they get their products shipped in from a bakery in town.  Fresh product is the way too my heart.  You're welcome,  tge more you know.Tip #2:  hang on to your receipt, fill out the survey (takes 3 minutes on your phone browser). You get a free donut with a purchase of a medium beverage.  What's better than free? I can't eat them but I grab it for the boyfriend when he's out of work.
