3	Domino's Pizza is A-OK !I go to this Domino's about once or twice a year especially since they came out with their pan pizza's which are so yummy and at a decent price.  Medium pan pizza and two toppings only $7.99.Domino's is not the best pizza as we have our favorite pizza spot but from time to time we love to have a slice of Domino's pizza and the stuffed cheese bread.Great prices.  Great location.  Domino's is A-OK.
1	This store is a joke. I ordered a pizza online, the way I wanted it of course, but when I got there to pick it up for some reason it was not at all what I ordered. The employee working there proceeded to tell me that that's what I ordered, he just makes the pizza and he didn't know what I wanted him to do about it. He was rude, insensitive and when I asked if he could remake the pizza he turned around and walked away from the counter. So I walked out. Never again will I order a pizza from that location. Such rude and careless service. Yeah because that makes me want to come back. Unbelievable.
1	Yelp makes you add one star..  You can't give zero..  I have ordered from this location for 4 yrs..  It was ok service ..  Never complained because it is dominos the fast food of pizza ..  Tonight was ridiculous ..  Ordered online (as always)..  They called back with a question while I was out watering plants ..  I called right back to tell them they did not get the order correct.  Placed on hold 15 minutes...  Hung up ..  Doorbell rang with driver and incorrect pizza ..  Ok .. I get it I will wait for the correct pizza.. Called dominos back ..  They say no problem will send correct pizza at no charge...  Pizza delivery guy comes 40 minutes later..  We say thanks and start eating ..  Pizza guy comes back..   He says I need 16.99 ???  We say ummm no .....  they said no charge due to errors ..  Called manager "Shelby". She stated it was because we didn't pick up the phone originally when they thought the order was incorrect!! HELLO!!! We called right back and held for 15 min!!!  Tonight as a total we have been on the phone with dominos approximately 45 min to over an hour ..  All for a simple pizza..  Never again ..  No wonder this location had such a low rating ..  I have been too easy on them.. I am in the customer service industry and have never encountered this low of customer value..  In fact ..  Never wrote a yelp review before because I feel for the "other side" but tonight was the worst I have ever been treated..  Headed to a fast food joint to get something for dinner ..  Don't call this place ..  They could give. 2 sh***...and for the record .. I don't think "Shelby" is the manager ..  She sounded exactly like the girl I was on hold with on call two..  Just sayin :)
5	Pizza was delivered quickly and correctly!  Shelby, the manager even went through the great specials they had going on for me! Great customer service and fast delivery!!
4	Pleasantly surprised with this pizza. It was our first time with this chain, I ordered online and their "build your pizza" option was pretty cool.Decent price and clean location. Paid online so all I had to do was pick it up. We will definitely be ordering from here again
2	Unfortunately, I'm not very interested in returning after dealing with the girl behind the counter. Ordered our pizza online and used my husbands card because he was going to pick it up. Well, plans changed and I was the one that ended up going to get it, so I brought his card with me. When I first got there I stood at the front for almost 5 minutes before the girl even realized I was there. She finally came up and I said I ordered a take-out. She asked for the  card used and an ID, I handed her my husbands card, she asked for an  ID again and I responded with my picture is on the card (Wells Fargo bank with a custom picture from our wedding). She said she couldn't accept a card without ID so I pull out my drivers license, getting rather irritated at this point because the girl is being extremely rude. She said she won't accept the card because my ID doesn't match. I said it was my husbands card and it's a joint account, my picture is on it and my last name matches his. Nope, that won't do. So she reverses the payment and I pay with the EXACT SAME CARD but with my name on it. So, now I have 2 charges on my account for the same thing until the other one reverses. I just want dominos to know the girl working the counter was BEYOND rude and misinformed. It is actually illegal to refuse a VISA or MasterCard that is signed if the holder doesn't show ID...you can ask to see ID but the cardholder does not have to oblige and the card cannot be refused. I don't think I will be returning.
4	I know this is lame, but the last 2 times none of the trackers have worked.. And I use that to pay attention to the door,  so I don't miss the guy.. Just wondering if they know they are not working.  I am using a MAC
