5	The best Vietnamese soup in KW since the place at Erb and Regina closed. Prices are very reasonable, service is quick and polite, and the food is great. Also tends to be very quiet, as they haven't done much marketing yet.
4	Stopped in here for lunch because it's so darn cold here in the winter and I wanted some warm soup.  The service was fast and friendly and my soup and tea were delicious!  I would gladly return. After leaving this afternoon I was warmed to the bone and didn't feel the crazy chill on my walk to the car.
4	The broth is delicious and this is my go-to pho place in town. They give a lot of meat and they are not stingy with condiments.The price is very reasonable and the sizes are decent. The thai dishes are passible but it is a Vietnamese restaurant, so stick with the main theme. The Thai curries were a little runny and the pad thai was too wet, which ended up tasting soggy at the end.I always come here whenever I have a sore throat or need a pick me up after not feeling well. The pho broth makes everything all better.
2	I've tried this place 3 times now, getting pad thai,beef stirfry, and chicken stirfry. I've found it very bland every time! Even when I add hot sauce, there is basically no flavour to my dishes at all. Very unsatisfying. Won't be going here again, especially when DNK is right down the street.
2	Not the tastiest food in town, but not the worst. Go for simple meals that are hard to mess up and you should be OK. I'd go to this place for convenience rather than for the taste of the food. Keep your expectations to a minimum. I also find it odd that this is a favorite place amongst some of the tech startups in the tannery.
1	One star because of the decorEverything else was unimpressive Pad Thai was nasty, chicken was rubberySpring rolls, deep fried, were undervaluedService wasn't great. $17.00 for lunch. Not visiting this place again.
3	The price is reasonable and their pho is decent though nothing special. They don't really have many other food in the menu apart from pho, though their curry is quite tasty. The servers are very nice and the food come pretty quickly.
