3	Stamoolis Brothers is one of the Strip District storefronts, specializing in Greek and Mediterranean imports.  They have a good selection of olives, a decent cheese selection, a variety of ready-made dips and spreads which are pretty tasty, and some harder-to-find specialty items like rose water, pomegranate molasses, different grinds of bulgur wheat, bulk fava beans, etc.  You can also get packaged bulk nuts, dried fruits, etc.  When I go in here, it's usually because I'm looking for feta cheese or Greek-style yogurt.This place is pretty good.  A couple times I've had some problems getting yogurt here, since they have a tendency to keep the yogurt on the shelf until it's almost at its sell-by date, but on the other hand, they have the cheapest price on Fage yogurt that I've seen in town thus far.  My mom loves a lot of their dips and spreads, so I get snacks from here a lot when she's in town.  The one caution I have (besides the yogurt) is that they sell an inferior brand of canned tomatoes here, which gives off a very strong flavor of metal and ruins your meal.
5	I shop in the strip all the time.  I come to Stamoolis for a few things:  feta, stuffed grape leaves, and olives.  They have lots of Greek items, so if that's your thing, you should swing through.They have something like 8+ different types of feta (French, Bulgerian, Greek, Greek Barrel, etc.) I didn't know there were that many different types until I came here.  The stuffed grape leaves are my bench mark for grape leaves.  Dilly, lemony, a bit sour, stuffed with rice...I love these things here.  I also get my olives for dirty martinis here...pick out your olives, get them weighed, and then fill up your container with brine and...voila! the best dirty martini brine you can find, for practically free.They also have a relatively extensive cheese selection, albeit nothing as compared to Penn Mac.  It's definitely cheaper than Penn Mac though, so if you're looking for smaller quantities, or some more common cheeses, check here first.
5	Great place. I prefer the cheese here over Penn Mac any day! Plus, the french feta is to die for!
4	I went to the Strip to buy cheese for a few recipes I was going to try.  Since this was my first time buying cheese in the strip, I was planning on making my purchase at the more popular place next door.  However, I ended up buying everything from Stamoolis instead.  I like quality, but I also like a good price and I got both at Stamoolis.  It was nice to be able to get what I needed for a cheaper price than some other places.  I also love the bulk items here inlcuding the organic whole wheat coucous.My only problem, even though it was minor for me was the the staff did not seem overly friendly or helpful.
4	I can only comment on the samples that I've had there and the dips that got because of them. The spicy feta dip is delicious and we love their pita chips!Good selection of products (lots of fresh cheeses, olives, and the like) and knowledgeable staff.
5	Stamoolis is quickly becoming my favorite place in the Strip District.  I often stop in for things like their amazingly delicious hummus or tabouleh, always at unbelievable prices.  On my most recent visit, I noticed a sign promoting gyro kits for $12.50.  This included a pound of precooked and frozen gyro meat, pitas, sauce and two bottles of soda.  What an amazing deal!  I thoroughly enjoyed the gyros and even used some of the meat to make Greek omelettes (with some feta and spinach).  I've never been disappointed by this place.  I was once in another Strip District store looking for Greek inspired seasoning and found it, but skipped it because it was so expensive.  Fast forward to Stamoolis Bros where I find packets of seasoning for just a couple bucks.  In fact, with each new visit I discover something I haven't noticed before.  No matter what I try, it's always fresh and delicious.
4	I stop here every time I am in the Strip.  Authentic Greek grocery.  Do not pass up their stuffed grape leaves or the freshly made Babaganous & hummus.  They have great cheeses and a variety of dried lentils and spices.  You will find something delicious here, I promise you that.
4	A great Mediterranean food store. I was impressed by the quality and low price of the bulk spices. If you're having trouble finding a spice in Pittsburgh, then give this place a shot.There were also several trays of Greek desserts. Bot only Were there a couple of expected sweets such as baklava and honey cookies but also chocolate baklava and mixed assortments.The store's biggest selection of goods is in deli meats and cheeses. I picked up some hot sausage and found the price per pound to be the lowest in Pittsburgh.I also liked that the store carries some harder to find goods such as tahini.Stamoolis Bros is certainly worth a stop when shopping int the strip considering their prices and selection.
5	My FAVORITE place in the strip district! Amish butter cheese is amazing! GREAT prices on Blue Cheese.I have never been disappointed with any purchase made here. We love the pre sliced gyro meat, the spices, and especially the feta cheese!
2	Some of what they have is good, stuffed grape leaves,hummus and baklava, but beware, some items have been on the shelf too long. We discovered when we got home that two expensive cheeses were spoiled (no bree is not slimy & stinky nor is mozzarella.) We wasted $12 on spoiled food. Buyer beware. We are from out of town and cant return them. :( staff seemed distant and got the impression they did not want to be bothered. Stoic and unsmiling older guy was behind the counter. Hum, I'll be over here... grouch.
4	Pittsburgh Bound!  Part IXI moved to Atlanta in December of last year from Pittsburgh and had yet to be back.  Virtually every Labor Day weekend of my entire life was spent in Pittsburgh with my parents, as my birthday falls within the window.  I promised my folks that I would make a long weekend out of it, and head on home.  The following reviews are a step-by-step account of the long weekend.  Enjoy!(For Part VIII, go to: http://www.yelp.com/review_share/1uvcySLWM75MzlLM12F8dA/review/6ht1cyxYCAKExjg_Tc_HwQ?fsid=s1rEBoNOZ5ycTbDCtvJrzA)Stamoolis is loaded with Mediterranean and Greek staples that you can't find at the average grocery store.  Even though they have a ton of great oils and vinegars, Greek cheeses, specialty spices, meats, and sauces, I rarely ever buy much here only because I never cook Greek food.  I do however love the premade dips they always have for sale.  I always pick up a few when I'm there, but their Asiago cheese dip is out of this world and great to serve as an appetizer with pita chips or vegetables.  (For Part X, go to: http://www.yelp.com/review_share/F9IJ3EddoyW89O0DFikPTQ/review/D5UPfn_UbOm4iqfWgSRygw?fsid=X4Q_wJ-wTj91tUUZ_DA3Eg)
5	THIS is my favorite grocery in the Strip District and in my completely accurate and correct opinion, it is better than Penn Mac.  I dont know why.  I just like it better.Their dips are amazing.  I once had a party and put the dips in bowls and then said nothing when people asked if I made the dips, which was great until people wanted my red pepper hummus recipe.  : /  then i fessed up.You can sample the different dips and cheeses, they have them all set up for you so you can just try whatever you want.Every Friday its wine & cheese night at my house, I stop in Stamoolis and pick up different cheeses.  They sell pasta and pastries as well and I think though they are a small store, they have just about everything you'd need.
5	I wish I lived close to this store. Unfortunately we don't have anything like this in the Phoenix area.I could write a ton of stuff about their selection. Wonderful choices, amazing prices, helpful staff and Chocolate Baklava.I wish I had more room in my suitcase when I left town. I will be back next year looking for more goodies to take home.Take your time looking around, you'll find lots to love and try for the first time.
