3	Very nice staff and clean restaurant. The wait time can be a little long sometimes. The food is hit or miss. It's either fresh and great or old and dry. Just depends on your timing. Prices have steadily been rising, but I guess that's to be expected in today's day and age.
3	It was pretty cool. Service was nice and fast but my chow mein was pretty dry and the beef and broccoli just didn't taste like beef and broccoli. Giving it 3 stars because the orange chicken was awesome :)
2	Hot or miss food today got my order wrong and barely got any food so that always cool
5	Couldn't have had a better experience  the place was clean from top to bottom  . I was greeted immediately smiles all around . I was served fast   . Food was hot and fresh   drinks weren't watered down  tables were clean and staff didn't seem to have down time   , they were busy cleaning  and sweeping    highly recommended
2	This location is clean and new, but I found the staff unhelpful and the options lacking. As a vegetarian I was very disappointed to find that none of the entrees are vegetarian (I've had eggplant tofu or country style bean curd at other locations). My only options were chow mein, rice, steamed veggies, egg rolls and cream cheese wantons. Even a single vegetarian option would be great!
5	I was out of school by 9:30 a.m and with a serious craving for orange chicken. My local Chinese place did not open until 11 and I was starving. I drove past Panda Express on my way home and remembered they open at 10:00am. I had stopped coming to panda because the food always seems to sit out too long and it is always dry. Maybe it's because I was one of the first customers but food was crispy and fresh. Their orange chicken and chow mein are one of the best( besides homemade). Although prices are higher than the mom and pop owned Chinese food joints, it works great for emergencies like today.
1	Order my family's meal at 3 PM so it'd be ready at 5 PM the same day. Came it at 5:05 and they didn't have anything ready. The workers weren't rude, but they weren't the nicest either.
4	I LOVE Panda Express! I especially love that this one is within a mile from my home! everything on the menu is delicious, and i never can decide what to get. Only downside of this location is the drive thru wait time. there's been times where there may only be two cars ahead of me, and the wait can still be anywhere from 8-10 mins.
