4	I'm glad there is a new addition to Mill ave that I can get down with. This little shop just opened so there wasn't a lot to choose from especially for the bigger gal. The four star review is for what they will hopefully become. There were some cute items and also a large section for men which is rare for vintage clothing stores. The staff was friendly especially Cory. There's an extensive collection of vintage shirts that range from $10 to $18. Dresses about $24 each. Some items weren't priced though since it just had a soft opening today. I hope this business does well and can't wait to come back once they have worked out the kinks.
5	This little gem just opened yesterday and I'm already in love! I followed their ebay store like a wild woman and am so glad I have a home base to fall back on. Their prices are fair, the owners (Ben and Cory) are ridiculously sweet and genuine and their men's selection rocks. I walked away with five 1970's tees, a blouse, a dress, and a skirt for $150. They'll soon have a sell-and-trade policy, as well. They'll give Buffalo Exchange a run for their money. Check this out, it's a perfect location for Tempe college students and remember, when they can sell their dresses on ebay for $100-250, you'll be glad you can snag them for $20-35. Get it!
5	This place is a little off the beaten path on Mill Ave in the old 3 roots location. Wandered in a couple of weeks ago and was blown away by the selection and prices. Great vintage dresses, shirts, skirts and more for a steal! I wanted to buy at least 5 things straight away!Hurry up and get here before they realize they can hike up their prices!
5	ben and cory RooL. their brand spankin new shop is amazing. go visit and buy stuff. they have guys and gals vintage stuff. and two change rooms so try on to your heart's content!
5	Cute clothes for fair prices and friendly staff. Def the best vintage clothing store in the Phx area.
5	All the employees here are really nice and down to earth.  My boyfriend and I met one of the owners the last time we went and he was a really cool dude as well.  Probably the least pretentious vintage shop I've been to.So,Good prices.Good selection.Cute atmosphere.Only downside is inconvenient parking.woooooooooooooo!
5	This little place is awesome! Meat Market is a great little shop that carries only vintage clothing for both men and women. Prices are surprisingly great, considering the small but excellent selection that they have. I found a couple sweet Members Only jackets and a rippin' old The Who shirt, and only spent about $50. Staff (one dude) was friendly and helpful, and left you alone while you shopped. They even had some pretty hot old-school womens swimsuits...OW OW!
5	Easily the best vintage shop in the area. The shop deals exclusively in vintage clothing, everything is at least 20 years in age. If you subscribe to the niche audience that seeks genuine vintage fashion, in my humble opinion there's no better place in all of Tempe.I've discovered some serious treasures every time I've been. I constantly have people ask me where the select items of my wardrobe came from -- always love turning on new people to this relatively unknown place. The staff is awesome. Every time I head down, I usually chat with the owner Ben about what the most eccentric shirts he has in stock are, my personal favorite. He personally picks all of the clothes that you see on display. He's generally got a story about everything you pull off the rack.Enough ranting. Go shop!
5	I lived in Los Angeles for several years and enjoy vintage shopping. When I traveled to Tempe on business, I discovered the Meat Market Vintage shop. They carry quality vintage clothing and great prices.
5	This is by far, a gem of Tempe as far as consignment/vintage shops are concerned. All clothing is vintage and is priced reasonably. AND it's not all 80s, WIN! The shop itself is tiny and the decor is awesome! All of it looks to be antique. Every time I go in, there's always punk rock music. The staff working there is friendly, but not overwhelming. They let you just shop and do your own thing, which I like. They also have a rack outside usually with things that are on sale! Vintage shopping is pretty luck of the draw, in general. I've found some things there in great condition that unfortunately didn't fit me right, however that wouldn't hinder me from going back and trying again! PS: They have an Instagram now, which they post new things they will be putting up for sale in the shop-if you happen to use that app. I also know they have listings up on eBay that they don't sell in the store. If you're looking to find some unique vintage clothing and accessories, check that place out! It's way better than it's counterparts nearby.
5	This is such a gift to our neighborhood.  I know I will find something beautiful and unique. Love this place! So unique, prices are good.  The dresses are to die for .. from every era.
2	I am a bit baffled why everyone thinks this is such a "great" place.  "Give Buffalo Exchange a run for its money?"  I don't think so.  The vintage section at Buffalo Exchange is almost as big as the whole store.  It's small, selection is limited, customer service is average and its hard to find.  I guess maybe if you visited once a week you could find what you needed, but this place seriously needs to expand its inventory before I would come back.  I was underwhelmed which makes me sad because based on the reviews, my expectations were much higher.
4	The shop was shutting down for the summer, outside temperatures raged in the triple digits but inside the hipster buzzards picked over the remnants of the shop's merch like bloodthirsty carrion, tearing and clawing at the scraps of vintage rags with a greedy abandon. I awkwardly shuffled about with a smirk on my face, musing to myself at the scene. I'd been dragged here by two young women whom I'd recently considered renting a house with, and after a day spent real estate browsing in the summer's swelter the ladies needed a brief respite to shop. Thankfully the store's owners had anticipated gentlemen such as myself and had supplied the shop with a relatively comfortable couch for me to sit and wait upon.  It didn't take long for me to find what I wanted, as I assume most men shop I immediately spotted the few gems amongst a sea of recycled clothes and fashion ephemera of days gone by. In this little closet boutique you'll find a veritable sea of ladies items and a few racks of mens clothes cordoned off to a side corner. I managed to find an old levi's jean jacket at half off, probably won't get to bust that out until the end of November but I anticipate that with glee. I also managed to spot a King Crimson tee shirt with the howling face of their 1969 debut album's cover emblazoned across the front, the store's owners had safety pinned a handmade price tag on the collar with a misnomer label "Pink Floyd's the Wall T" chuckling to myself I decided I'd use it as a bookmark later.  The ladies shopped for what seemed like hours and I played with the daughter of one of the girls to pass the time, feeding her a cheerio one at a time as she desperately pawed at my neon orange fanta bottle. The whole store being half off I knew we'd be there a while as the girls sifted through the goods, I day dreamed about the Karmann Ghia parked in the lot out front, doomed to live out it's days as a mere marketing piece advertising the store. I empathized with that car, I imagined how it had lived out its youth probably speeding down the pacific coast highway only to languish in idle retirement as a show piece for the shop it was betrothed to, and in a way I suppose that's how a lot of us end up. Is it better to burn out, careening off the cliffs of life's pacific coast highways or to fade away in the parking lot's of sunny strip malls? Perhaps I'll never know
