4	This is an awesome food shop.  They have great food and reasonable prices.  The deli here is unbelievably good.  So much better than Subway Sandwiches!  The people here are really nice too.
4	I hadn't been to Ruggeri's since last year, when I wrote a review.  But my friend Marla and I stopped here for lunch after a bike ride.  Everything I wrote previously still stands.  My roast beef sandwich was just perfect.  And we split a delicious pasta salad.  We sat outside at one of their little tables.  Forget subway--come here instead.
5	You know, as far as I'm concerned there's nothing like a great sammitch!  Of course my ultimate favorite is a great BLT.  But I also loves me a good club sandwich, a great Italian sub, a fine Reuben, a great Rachel, and a fantastic corned beef!  But Ruggeri's, oh man!  How many places are there like this anymore?  Need some last minute staples?  They've got 'em!  Not sure what you want?  One of their personal shoppers will walk around the shop with you, bag all your groceries for you, and help you load them into your car. Well let's face it, the A#1 reason why anyone comes to Ruggeri's is their sandwiches.  I had to take a leave day and I thought I'd walk on over here for lunch.  Their sandwiches are just amazing!  They have daily specials and the hot sausage sandwich sounded mighty tempting.  But I thought I'd go with the Deluxe Italian.   Mmmm, Genoa salami, prosciutto, capicola and provolone!  Their soups are awesome too!  If you can get here on a Monday, their Italian wedding soup is just out of this world.  I got a pint of vegetable soup to take home.They also have prepared foods, salads, and they offer catering.  I've also realized that sometimes it sucks having to work.  'Cos if I didn't have to, I'd be here everyday.  Of course I'd probably gain about 30lbs too!  And then of course it wouldn't be so much of a treat to eat here.
4	I've always walked and driven by this place but have yet to go in, after coming in twice within a week I can tell you I will be going here for lunch for a long time.  They have a ton of sandwiches, homemade soups, prepared foods and the staff is really friendly.  I felt a really good vibe being in there, very welcoming.I was there for lunch and had a chicken panini that was really wonderful, the homemade soup was great too.If you live in the area or are just passing through check this place out.
5	Ruggeri's is a neighborhood gem. It's a small grocer and deli in the Squirrel Hill neighborhood in Pittsburgh. You can go here for anything from basic groceries, to fresh deli meat, to homemade bread. The highlight, though, is in the form of the freshly made sandwiches and the homemade take-home meals. If you don't feel like cooking, Ruggeri's will do it for you, and the food is great! Get the meatball hoagie (a Friday special) or the Italian wedding soup and save the hassle of cooking. Even better, since it's a neighborhood grocer, they'll get to know you when you come there, and they even have some customers on account! Try to find that at Giant Eagle.
4	Definitely offered a lot more than I expected-groceries (the basics and some specialty items, mostly Italian), homemade takeout foods, and a full deli. They also did offer a fair amount of local treats from breads (tried the ciabatta today!) to biscotti and heirloom tomatoes to other Fall produce. What excited me the most had to be the NYC style pizza oven that warms up the part of the shoppe where a few tables are situated, having the option to enjoy whatever it is you find on the spot. Overall, employees are personable, top of the line products and an authentic family-market feel inside.
5	You always come home to the basics, y'know that?  After being out of town for two weeks, it was sure good to come back to Ruggeri's and sink my teeth into one of their fabulous grinders.  That and I bought a pint of their amazing soup to take home.  Well their grinders are too big for me to consume in one sitting, so I cut mine in half and saved it for lunch today.  M-m-m-m-m!
3	Lots of offerings, nice people, but holy overpriced! I wouldn't buy most of what they had because the prices were so insane.
