5	The best fast chinese food in a area! Food is always fresh and very tasty!
5	The food at this place is AWESOME! I love the sweet and sour shrimp and the veggie egg rolls. I don't know why their egg rolls are so good but I think about them on a daily basis. The service is quick and super friendly.
5	Best Chinese hands down!  Never a bad dish and never use MSG. My daughter is vegan and loves the bean curd and tofu dishes. Very hearty, fresh, flavorful.  The family is very nice and prices are great. Some of the best boneless spare ribs' love the sauce and texture! We get steamed veggie dumplings and yet again love the flavor! You can taste a hint of ginger yummy.
4	Favorite take out chinese spot in Indian Trail.  Some nice take-out deals...spend $25-free 2 liter of soda, spend $40- free 2 liter & generals chicken.  One of few chinese take-out with real deal boneless spare ribs.
5	A hole in the wall place with three booths and a table that can seat 6-7. Dine-in or carry-out only. Located inside Idlewild Plaza Mall.If you dine in, your food is served on paper plates. Bottled or canned drinks available to purchase. Tea is also available. The young lady that attends the register made us feel like VIP. She served our food and provided what we needed. Attentive and genuinely sweet.The fried rice looks very different from what we are used to eating in Chicago, but it was delicious. The shrimps were fresh. The sauce in the Orange chicken was tangy and spicy. Perfect. Egg rolls are tiny but also good. Potstickers were huge and filled with meat. Side of white rice cooked perfectly.Overall, we loved it and will be back. Quite surprising! Good Chinese food in the Matthews area. Check them out.
5	Newcomers to the area. We were looking for a Chinese restaurant that tasted better than the usual mall stops. We came to Yelp and found this place and boy were those reviews correct! It's definitely a small restaurant but it was nice and clean. The young lady working the counter was very friendly and helpful. We placed our order while we were there and just waited in the car so out food was hot when we got it and by the time we drove home to Indian Trail it was still hot by the time we got the kids out the car, hands cleaned, and seated to eat. We ordered beef and broccoli,R egg rolls, and egg drop soup. Everything was delicious !!!!
5	Excellent Chinese food!  Definitely coming back.  Dumplings are delicious!  Soups are excellent and not over salted!
2	The food is average Chinese food...neither here nor there. What threw this to a below average rating was the following...I asked if I could substitute my egg roll for 1 crab Rangoon.  She said no. I asked if there was a reason. She said, "Because they don't want to." I was like a deer in headlights wondering if I'd just heard that correctly. It was confusing because she says it in the nicest tone with a big smile. Almost made it worse? There is enough competitors in the area willing to accommodate a simple request. I will take my business elsewhere.
