3	I woke up Sunday morning in a odd position and pain on my ankle. I felt fine and thought I have a light strain so I just did what most Drs. will tell you- R.I.C.E. which stands for rest, ice (10-20 minutes every few hours), compression (wrap), and elevation (preferably above heart level). I go to sleep and it got worse and got overly sensitive, puffy and veins were popping out my my ankle. I couldn't even stand. I crawled out of bed, dressed myself by laying down on my floor, and boot scooted down my stairs and crawled into the car. I don't have insurance and I couldn't wait for a doctors appointment which would have been cheaper so I came to the SMA across the street from my house since this is a healthcare center, a urgent care and they have inhouse xray and labs which I figured I might need.The wait isn't very long and when someone so me hobbling outside they came out with a wheelchair to help me out. So I would say this is a head above some urgent cares who have stupidly long waits (and if you go on their website it tells you how many people are in the lobby/approx wait). Count that you'll be in 10-30 minutes here. I was in the triage room being asked basics within 5 minutes of me coming in.   I asked about the payment approximates before agreeing to anything since it's pay in full, upfront if you have no insurance. Well, the guy said that a dr visit can range from $65-170, xray of my ankle would be probably $100 if they require it, plus meds at a pharmacy, brace/cast variable. You gotta pay the doctor fee upfront. What was given at a quoted range of $65-$170 became suddenly $225 upfront before even see a doctor. I have few options so I swallowed that and paid up even though I think that's fucking crazy for not having even seen the doctor and $50 over a top of the quote.The PA poked and prodded me for maybe 10 minutes and wrote me a prescription for swelling and pain and recommended a ankle support to keep the ankle stable and didn't think we needed a xray today.A assistant came in and told me that the doctor thought a gel cast support would be better than a plain brace so I went with it. Anything to stop the pain and help me stand. I couldn't let anything touch my foot at this point and it just pulsated sharp pains. Then I got to checkout and another $75 required to payout, for the gel cast. Now what got me a bit suspicious is that the $225, I paid in cash out of $300 so I got $75 in change back and then they took me to see a practitioner. I just feel like since they knew I had that much on me, they tried to make sure I was charged all of it. Specially since I even forgot about my cash and instinctively pulled out my credit card and the guy goes "oh, card? you have $75 in cash too in change I gave you". The ankle support the doctor first talked about was a small "belt" of sorts and now I have a higher tech gel support so they switched it out last minute. Sure, I have really good support on it and good even compressions, but if I really need that much support is questionable or was this about the money they can get out of me. I'm in pain so it's pretty easy to get people to agree when they need help. I went to Walgreens pharmacy and that was a extra $79.99 for 30 pills. This, I can understand because this is an expensive medication and something I really needed. I really don't think I will be using this place again if I have to pay out of pocket. They are nice and prompt service, very little lobby wait, so this is a great urgent care to go to for people who are insured since you'll be out in a jiffy and on your way.  It's the most expensive urgent care visit I've had to date at $380. My last urgent care visit at a different company included a EKG and 2 types of medicines at $175 total. Service is good, but the price is something I had to bite the bullet about.
5	By far the best urgent care experience I've ever had!  I am active duty military and my spouse had an infection...thought we would be there for hours, but we were in and out with anti-biotics in 45 minutes.  They take Tricare too!  Definitely recommend!
4	Staff was really quick and very friendly from the check in to the nurse and especially physician danny johnson.
5	This place is great.  My wife's likes her obgyn.  Dr. Maligaya was great when she was pregnant.  She was very professional and took the time to answer any questions we had(being first time parents we had many).  Our daughter's pediatrician, Dr. Reyes, is also great.  He is very good with her and you can tell that he really cares.  When we took her to urgent care, we received a call next morning from Reyes checking in on us.  Only complaint that I have is about our primary.  While he is a great doctor, it takes quite some time to be able to get an appointment to see him.  One other nice thing about this location is that they have a Quest Diagnostic inside the facility so you don't have to go to another location to have your blood drawn.  Also once you do have your blood drawn, the results are posted online the next morning which makes it very convenient.
5	I have an HMO, and my insurance is out of state.I knew I had a sinus infection and didn't know where a good urgent care clinic was. I looked at yelp reviews and decided I would go here. I didn't have to make an appointment. I sat down right away with the receptionist and explained my situation, he was very friendly and explained to me that I would pay 20% of the visit, (about 75 dollars) I was okay with that knowing my insurance would cover it later.I sat down for a few moments before I was seen by the triage nurse, she took all my vitals and I waited a few more minutes before the doctor came in. I received a prescription and I was on my way out.Being new to the side of town and it being a Saturday afternoon, I was very happy to find this place, open, and nice and clean. The fact that I was seen right away, and everyone was friendly made it all the better.If you need urgent care.. This is the place to go!
1	Southwest Medical Association? -they are the worse damn medical clinics in Nevada. The facilities are ALL discusting and ran down. They ALL have a bunch of MORONS working at each location. This receptionist, Jenniffer Cruiz, in the OB/GYN Office at 888 Rancho Dr., couldn't be ruder. I've never been more excited to pay more money for BETTER INSURANCE. I bet this all branches from the CEO! I wouldn't be surprised if their CORE VALUES were "Hate Life, Disrespect all Encounters, Provide Unprofessional Service at all Times, Never Exceed Expectations, Embrace Rudeness"-David C. P.S Learn how to do your jobs and how to show respect! "You get what you get when you give what you give" These reviews I read must be fake! SMA might as well be UMC Quick Care; only in it for the money.
5	As I sit alone in my dark room I can hear Eric Clapton sing his song Promises. Well I'm not in a great mood I'm quite depressed. I know what you thinking what the hell this got to do with the review. Well, some PEOPLE think I should write more because MY reviews are how should I say it VERY SHORT. Anyway so now I will get to the good stuff. So I fired my primary doctor yes she was very sweet and kind but she allowed her office staff to run away her business. Maybe when she's homeless she will think about how she should have taken care of those of us who pay her rent. Anyway yeah throw the confetti because this South West Medical is the business. Not only did I use to be employed at this location before I became to sick to stand up for long amounts of time but I say this location is the best location on the planet. My new doctor is the bee's knees his back and his arms. Ok, the good stuff is you don't have to sit and sit for hours to see your doctor. The place is clean. Its got security so your car is protected. And the office staff is professional and kind.
5	You need an appointment. I like my doctor. The nurses are very nice. And it's very clean.
4	So far most of the doctors and staff are very friendly but my one complaint is the wait time. .2 hours just to be taken back them another 20 minutes before the Dr sees you! Yikes! But it is better then going to the hospital ER and waiting 5 to 10 hours , trust me I have had to wait that long, so over all it's a small wait time and the facility is very clean .
2	I went here in excruciating back pain. I drove myself with one of my kids because I couldn't get a same day appointment with my regular doctor.  Location is convenient. A little difficult to find if you don't know just where it is, which makes having an urgent care situation more difficult.  Clean waiting area. I didn't feel like I was in a petri dish of bacteria and viruses from a ton of sick people, but the waiting room was also mostly empty.I was seen rather quickly.  Staff at the front desk and triage were very nice and helpful.The doctor was okay-ish.  He first told me to take ibuprofen, but I reminded him I couldn't because it interacts with another medication I'm on. He gave me 2 prescriptions he said would be safe.  I filled them both and looked them up when I got home because I didn't recognize the generic names.When I looked them up, I discovered he had prescribed Vicodin and Valium...to take together!!  This felt like a bad idea, so I took one vicodin that night so I could sleep. I woke up the next day and couldn't move.Every doctor I spoke to since then said that combination of meds is ridiculous and dangerous!  I was very upset that the doctor prescribed those together.  I'm glad I didn't take them both and then disposed of them.  Not very reassuring.  :(
5	place is very clean don't have to wait long workers at front desk are very friendly doctors are very nice best Dr office I have ever been to
1	The first time around I was more than willing to give this place five stars. But again it's because of lazy staff who are disrespectful that the stars have fallen. Please excuse the typos I'm on my cell. I arrived here on time as I have scheduled this appointment weeks ago. I walk in talk to the lady at the sign in desk she get all happy because she can't find my appointment in her computer.  Yea you read correct she stuck out her chest like she found something so great. Then she tells me oh your appointment is not in the system. I'm like I hope it is I called over a week ago and got it. Long story short she calls Dr. Chinenye ezeanolves nurse to come speak with me out in the waiting area. So she ask me what number did u call so I told her to the get the appointment I called 702 750 3800 now that number is some kind of call center. But the nurse said I worked all last week so u didn't speak with me on the matter. Again if u call that number its a call center and she speak as if u don't talk to her you can't get an appointment with your own doctor. She spoke with me in the waiting area about why I'm here to see my Doctor. As if privacy laws don't apply to me. She should have taken me in a private room never the less I spoke to her about the scars I got in surgery and how some stitches came loose and I need to be stitched up again. Well I had a long list but I feel ok with posting this only. She told me to go see the doctor who did the surgery.  But over looked I need med refills. I'm diabetic and I need my metformin. Nevertheless they filled no prescriptions of mine at all. Now I did write my doctor a letter thru the website but I've gotten no response it's been over 6 days thus far. So again I called to the call center. I was told the doctors nurse is the one who answers the doctors email. So it looks as if once again I need to seek out a doctor who can better help me when I'm sick. I have no idea why these doctors leave everything up to their office staff and then they look at u all funny when u walk in request your medical records and tell them you will be seeing a new doctor asap. When your in the medical field you can't be lazy when it come to people's lives. I've been without my meds for 2 days I'm unhappy about it. Because I made the appointment they lazy ass would not see me. Lol and when I call the call center what do u know my appointment was in the computer.
