4	Amalfi provides a nice combination of excellent Italian cuisine with a casual dining experience.  The atmosphere is personal and friendly, with the owner regularly conversing with his customers.  Their prices are also very reasonable, especially for the quality (and quantity) of their meals.  From their pastas to their pizza, they do Italian right!
3	Nice Italian restaurant for a simple lunch or dinner. Flavors are good, service is OK and quick but this is not an upscale restaurant it is instead a neighborhood place that is OK.If you are a student or professor at UNC Charlotte it is one of the better places for lunch in the area.
4	I usually order the pizza margherita. I think it is the best pizza in the university area, maybe in charlotte. I have not eaten any other dinner items. The lunch menu is a good deal. Simple italian cooking. Casual
5	My family (5 of us) went here simply because it was located close to my son's home and we did see some decent reviews on this restaurant.. Simply put, for the money and casual environment, one of the best places to drop in, be treated like FAMILY and walk out fully nourished on excellent Italian food. In spite of being on the other side of town from us, we WILL certainly make every effort to return whenever we want to dine with the owners, Olympia & Mike! They are like the Italian parents you never had! Go, enjoy and be happy! Respectfully submitted, -dk
4	Go here for the food. It's a quaint little neighborhood place. I'd give it one more star if it were a little larger, less cramped, more private. But the food can have four to five stars most of the time. We've been going here a few times a year since it opened a long time ago (can't remember how long; we've lived near by for 22 years).I love their veggie pizza. Their pasta dishes are wonderful, and come to think of it, just the smell of the place is a pleasant trip to Italy. Salads can be sparse (I like a salad with lots and lots of veggies and no iceberg lettuce, thank-you...), but everything else is great. Prices are reasonable. Waiters are family folks. I can't recall being in there when Mom and Pop Basso weren't there. They're very warm and cordial, and will make sure you don't go hungry.
4	I took the family there last night. Best. Pizza. This. Year.They've done something with their crust. It was positively addictive! It's not thick and doughy, but it is extremely tasty. My wife and I had their veggie pizza, which is an unusual blend of great stuff. (No, I'm not going to tell you. You have to go try it!)One of the twins had a meatball sub. He couldn't finish it, but he tried! The other one had a couple of slices of black olive and garlic pizza and wished he had ordered three slices. He was very happy.If you want quaint surroundings and an atmosphere filled with aromas that will pique your appetite, try this laid-back gem of Italiana in Town Center, down the hill from UNCC on 49. It's as good as, or better, than ever.
4	After Bill's gushing review, we were in the mood for Italian and decided to check out Amalfi.Side note: "Amalfi" is apparently the correct name of the place (actually Amalfi Italian Cuisine) - and there is a review for "Amalfi", but this isn't it.  "Amalfi's" was entered when the place was created, and has more reviews (3 to 1, soon to be 4 to 1), so I'm putting this here.  I've asked the powers that be to combine them, and we'll see what happens.Anyway - we were impressed with the service.  It was a Sunday night, so things were pretty slow, but the service was friendly, and one area where other places fall flat (keeping the glasses full) was handled deftly here.  They actually fill your glass and then bring you an extra so you can top yourself off in case they don't get back in time.  Rarely does that happen, however, as many times they filled you up with the end of the second one, and then brought you another one of those.  Very impressive.When it came to the food, you could pick up the aroma from the parking lot - they like garlic and plenty of it.  So if you don't, go elsewhere.  There was garlic in the soup (red pepper and roasted garlic), on the bread (garlic knots), on the pizza (to be fair, I asked for it) and on the chicken (in hefty slices).  They probably have a garden of the stuff.  There was surely garlic in the sauces as well - this is just the garlic you could see.Most everything was tasty, only a couple areas fell down.The salad was a fairly wimpy side salad absolutely coated in dressing.  This wouldn't be so bad, but to get it you have to choose between pasta and a salad with your entree.  And if you want both?  It's an extra charge.  To make matters worse, neither the pasta nor the salad is particularly impressive or worth the charge.  As much as I hate a la carte menus, it would be better to take that off the dinner and sell them a la carte so they could do them better.I'll agree with Bill that the pizza crust is pretty good - a nice, thin crust that holds up well.  Unfortunately the pizza itself was a bit off.  I had a "white" pizza that strangely wasn't white.  They could be avoiding Aryan stereotypes or something, I don't know.  But rather than a bunch of cheese, it was a cheese base (ricotta), with another cheese on top (mozzarella, I think), and then a couple of meats (ham and canadian bacon).  I also swapped out the sun-dried tomatoes for fresh garlic.  Now I don't mind the ingredients, and for what they were, it wasn't bad.  It was just strange that it was a white pizza is all, as I'd never had it before.I also ended up dunking it in some of the leftover marinara from the garlic knots and it was a lot better.  I think that if I had chosen a standard pizza (like pepperoni), I'd have liked it better.  Sometimes the unusual choice can backfire, and here it did.We finished up with a dessert, and I can't recall the name.  It was a couple small scoops of ice cream that had a bit of raspberry in the center, and all of it was coated with chocolate.  Pretty tasty really, and a lovely presentation.
4	A rare gem in University Area.The pizza is delicious (and the pasta dishes).The service is excellent. The deserts are always delicious. The ambiance is a whole in the wall pizza joint that you could easily find in NY. The owner is very friendly. A great place to bring family- and far superior to most pizza places in the area.
5	My family and I were visiting from California where a friend had mentioned a restaurant in Charlotte called Amalfi. We decided to spend the afternoon lunching there and enjoyed it thoroughly. Wonderful proprietors, fantastic food, great atmosphere. Try the Chicken Vino Bianco!
4	What a rad little joint. The neon on the windows facing the "street" got my tummy growling as we walked up. Dunno how long these guys have been here but I felt immediately comfy - reminded me of my favorite pizzeria as a kid, except no Galaga.Prices hovered around the super reasonable range on apps, a little high on pie and entrees. But yeah - great crust. Found myself eating it plain, with the pizza, dipping it in various things, sprinkling parm and hot pepper flakes on a plate and wiping, yeah, let's try it with some of that butter, etc. Bread was perfect, hot hot hot, thin crust and soft interior. Bruschetta simple but good. Salad dressing eh.Margherita pie was really good - an interesting line between a street-style NY slice and something fancier. As in, all the crisp-but-chewiness, salt, and grease, but richer flavors. Pasta dish was equally good - ziti and tomato, garlic, smoked mozz. Really hard to make myself take some home rather than scarf it all, right then. Only complaint - slivered garlic was pickled? Hmm.If I lived anywhere near here, I'd eat here often enough to add some points to my cholesterol count, fo' sho'. As it is, we'll keep it for a special northside treat.
1	It takes a lot for me to write a negative review, but I am simply baffled by all of the positive reviews this place has received. My girlfriend and I ate here for dinner and expected the food to be edible at the very least. This was not simply a matter of it being an "off night" - it was clear from the start that the quality of ingredients was well below what  one would expect from a low grade cafeteria. The "house balsamic" served over iceberg was watery and flavorless. The bread tasted like cardboard. Her Penne Arrabiata was coated in a less than generous portion of bland sauce and the pasta was overcooked. My eggplant parmesan sandwich (The Favorito) was not only foul tasting, but down right bizarre - like eating the fried skin of some weird alien, not even distantly reminiscent of what i know as eggplant, served on the same crappy bread. Somehow our waitress could not comprehend that we did not want boxes. We left with full plates, empty pockets and emptier stomaches.
5	We had the Margarita Pizza and a salad.  One word.. Legit!!!  The owner was a hoot as well.  He came around with his "Sponge Bob" candy dispenser flirting with all the moms.  I will be back.
5	Love this pie! Wifey and I ate lunch here three days in a row... She's obsessed with great pizza. Two slices and a drink for each of us runs super cheap. Gotta get back and try the pasta dishes.
4	Some of the best pizza outside of NYC.  Nice little place in a strip mall.  People are friendly.  Great food.
4	I really liked this place! Would never expect good food like this to be tucked away in a strip mall, but then again, in Charlotte, thats where I seem to be finding some of the best.I can only speak about the pizza, as that was all I tried. But it was incredible!! Crust was nice and thin, yet still has a nice chew to it. This is real NY style pizza. Can't wait to go back and try everything else they have. And from reading other reviews it seems I will not be disappointed.
4	I will say that I was not really expecting much from this place, but my girlfriend wanted to go to a close Italian place, so I picked this one.  Much better than expected.Decor was average for a mid-priced Italian restaurant.  Service was OK, though not great.But they made up for it with the food.  I had never had a calzone (many strombolis, but no calzones).  Got one with artichoke, and it was perfect.  Puffy, with just the perfect amount of ricotta, mozz and artichokes, with a side of marinara that, while not mindblowing, was very good.   GIrlfriend enjoyed the Fett Alfredo she got.  The price of hers was typical for this sort of place (overpriced in my mind, but still typical).  Mine was super cheap, especially for dinner.   If I remember correctly, they only had bottled beer.  Vegetarian friendly.Not bad at all  :)
4	Amalfi's Pizza and Pasta is turning into a Sunday tradition lately. And I am very happy about that. Food is outstanding and the people are extremely friendly not to mention that the setting is just right to concentrate and get some work done.
4	Damn I miss this place....I was turned on to this restaurant by a coworker when I lived in Kannapolis, and found myself eating here at least three times a week..The owners, Mike and his wife, treated my family as if we were part of his own.... Always a good experience... You can't go wrong with any of the meals there.... The pizzas and calzones are remarkably great.... And the entrees are equally good... My favorites here are the chicken parm, fettucini alfredo, and linguini with clams..Whenever we're travelling South, we always get off at the University Exit to stop at Amalfi's for a meal... I hate driving on vacation, but stopping here is a good enough reason to drive...
5	Great locally-owned, family run restaurant. Used to go here back in undergrad, returned back a week ago for lunch.. still the same great food. GET THE LUNCH SPECIAL! What a deal!!
3	Overall this is a nice restaurant with a welcoming staff.  The lunch deals are great!
1	This place is ridiculous! I spent 15 minutes on the phone with a man trying to get a phone number so that I could order delivery from this place. Why do I need to call a restaurant to get a phone number to order food from the SAME PLACE? The number that he gave me doesn't even work, it's some poor woman's cell phone who said she gets calls all the time for this place. I don't care how good their food may be, I'm not spending my money on a place that makes you jump through hoops just to get food and has no idea what customer service means.
5	Love, love, love this place. Weekend specials are always delish, especially the saltimbocca. Best tiramisu I've ever had, hands down.
5	I can't believe it has taken me so long to write about Amalfi's!  I really love this restaurant for lunch.  Don't be put off by its strip mall location.  The food is great and the lunch specials can't be beat.  I typically go to Amalfi's for lunch, and they have a great selection of lunch specials, along with the regular full menu and daily specials. So, my favorie lunch is the stuffed shells.  The special includes hot, fresh bread, salad and 2 yummy baked stuffed shells covered in melted cheese, fresh from the oven.  All for about $6!  It is the perfect amount for lunch.  You can't beat it.
1	I just had the WORST experience here at Amalfi's.  Our waitress was absolutely AWFUL - she acted like we were a burden and we were the ONLY people in the joint!  She was extremely curt, rude and majorly unhappy with her job and had no interest in being a decent waitress at all.  The owners really need to fire her.  It seemed to be family night - as in the family that ran the place was there - and they were only interested in watching the NASCAR race on tv.  We ordered salad and got a watery, disjointed handful of greens thrown on a plate.  I waited til my pizza came to tell the waitress about the awful salad, because I was afraid she would do something to my food.  I told her it was all watery (literally, there was water all in the plate) and instead of saying something like "oh I'm so sorry", she actually told me that yes, it was watery because it was "fresh and from the garden."  Yes, that was what she said.  So my pizza was burnt on the bottom and had virtually no sauce - it was one of the worst pizzas I've ever had.  And this place was like a sitcom... other people came in that seemed to be friends with the staff and owners and they all had bizarre interactions with each other... the owners yelled at the waitress a lot, who kept going outside and sitting on the bench...  when our pizza was done, the cook put it on the counter and slammed his pizza cutter down and yelled at the owners to go get the waitress, who was outside again... the owners were yelling at the cook at some point later...  I was still eating my pizza - actually EATING the pizza - and the waitress came over and asked if I wanted a box for the three pieces that were left on the platter, and I said no, and then she asked me if I was done.  I stopped EATING to say NO, I'M STILL EATING.  Ugh, what a nightmare this place was.  Horrible.  Stay away.  You've been warned.
4	This is not the best italian food in the world or even in Charlotte, but it is good unpretentious Italian food by Italians. If you go in with that in mind you will not be disappointed. I have been going since they opened in 93? and have enjoyed every visit.
5	Best Italian! It's our go-to spot when Friends from out of town visit.  Our New York friends love it!  Lasagna is to die for!
4	Had dinner here for the first time Saturday evening.  Went early.  About 5:30 PM. A small place buried in a strip mall. If you didn't know it was there, you would never know it was there. Only one table occupied and staff sitting in the dining room chatting.  I thought uh oh. Not to worry. Started with the soup of the day.  Tomato bisque with basil. Delicious. But screamin' hot so be careful!I selected the angel hair pasta with creamy pesto sauce and shrimp/scallops. Again, delicious.  And plenty of it!  It came with a small loaf of nice Italian bread and a salad. Service was prompt and I was well cared for.   By the time I left at 6:15 the dining room was 3/4 full and carry out pizza flying out the door. My new favorite spot for pasta for sure. I will be back without a doubt and will try the pizza next.
5	My favorite pizza place in Charlotte. Sadly owned by Yankee fans (said the Mets fan) who brought NY pizza and desserts down south with them. The owners are a lot of fun to have conversations with. I always make sure to get an order of cannoli because they are the closest I've found to the ones I used to get on Long Island.
2	Probably the most bland Italian food in the University area. Not impressed.
5	Fantastic New York-style pizza but it doesn't end there.  This little neighborhood gem provides a casual and relaxed atmosphere and friendly service from the owners and staff.We have been going there for years and certainly have our favorites including the fried calamari, penne all'arabbiatta, chicken scaloppine al vino bianco and tiramisu.  And the fresh baked bread served with dinner is wonderful.  Amalfi is also a great lunch spot but sadly, I don't work close enough to the University area to do that.The pizza is top notch and this displaced New Yorker has been getting his pizza fix at Amafi for over 15 years now.  The stromboli and calzone are also good.Don't overlook the homemade soups.  If Olympia ever teaches a class on making soup, I'm in.Great, fun and authentic neighborhood Italian place that's great for the family.
2	They don't deliver directly. They have you order through a delivery service. Then the service jaks up the price by 5 dollars. Had the cream of asparagus soup and the linguini with clams. Portions were smaller than other restaurants. The soup was not creamy at all, it was thin. Tasted average. The linguini with clams was a little better than average in taste but there were no fresh clams as other restaurants serve it. Portion was a little smaller than others serve too. When it was delivered to my hotel room there were no spoons for soup and no fork and knife for the linguini. After factoring in the high price of the food (when you add the delivery charge) and no eating utensils and a snotty delivery person the entire experience gets a one to two stars from me. Experience might have fared better if i actually went to the restaurant to eat instead of having it delivered to my hotel room.
4	Great food and fun atmosphere! The loud Italian workers crack me up. The whole experience feels authentic. Reasonable prices too.
3	To start, we didn't try the pizza, so it may be great, but we didn't get it. We decided to sit down here and eat. The bread was not good at all...which we always look forward to. The garlic knots were pretty good, though. We ended up getting a pasta dish, which was good, but not great. The only real negative was the service. Our server was not attentive and far from friendly. For the price, the food was ok and the service was poor. Most likely never going back here.
5	Best pizza in Charlotte. Order a whole pizza, hot and fresh is the best.  Slices are just ok but not as good. I had a thin pepperoni pizza. Awesome!Haven't had anything else on the menu
4	Great sandwich, friendly and fast service.  I would definitely eat there again.  Great prices, too.
4	We have eaten there many times and I love the service (Linda); you have to be in New York frame of mind.... Give it back to her to make her smile! The food is always better than expected. It has become a great comforter zone.Try the pasta with eggplant.... ... penne amalfitana. Fabulous. Pizza is good as well.
1	I should have just gone to Harris Teeter for a microwave pizza. I wouldn't have done this review if my friend didn't laugh at the pizza after I offered him a slice. It was like cardboard with barely any sauce or cheese. I'll never go there again.
5	Gotta love this restaurant ! Been going there since 1995. When you go there, make sure you talk to Olympia the owner. Ask.her all about her favorite vacation spot, Amalfi Italy. All the recipes are from her home country Italy transported to America The atmosphere is very simple but the food is wonderful!
4	Very good pizzas, subs and pasta dishes. The salads are really lacking, but we really don't go there for the salad do we?
4	We love Amalfi's pizza.  I can't speak to any other items on the menu, as the whole reason we go is for the pizza.  We're from up North and the pizza is killer.  My husband used to work up near the restaurant, but now we drive up there just for a treat!  The owners are fabulous, waitstaff is interesting (I think we usually get his daughter).  Not sure I've ever seen her smile, lol
