4	This place was recommended to me by a friend who lives in an apartment nearby.  The bar is tucked away off of Sharon Lakes Rd, so it seemed like it wouldn't be very popular.  When I stepped inside I was shocked to see so many people gathered around the bar, pool tables, and the karaoke stage.  I love to sing karaoke when I have the chance, but I arrived at around midnight and the employee running the stage explained that the list was already delayed by about fourty-five minutes.  Apparently, the people who perform are die-hard regulars, so it is beneficial to arrive by at least eight o' clock on a Saturday night.  My friends and I grabbed some stools at the bar and watched the performers carry tunes.  Most of the folks who sang were just there to goof around and have a good time (which is what its all about), but an older guy approached the stage to sing Alice Cooper and he was decked out in black eyeliner and skin-clad leather pants.  I almost fell to the ground in hysteria!  He hit every note lick for lick.  I couldn't help but imagine what this guy does on his free time.  The scene was very entertaining and there really wasn't any drama around.  Even if you are afraid of karaoke, I would suggest that you try this place out, all the guest are amiable and warm.
4	Tammy was awesome! I came with 10 friends from the lightrail. Good times!!
4	I went here on a Friday night, with really no expectations. I never been to a pool hall, so I didn't know what to look out for. There was a $5 cover which I wasn't expecting, so I was glad I had cash on hand. My sister and I went straight to the bar and got us some long island iced teas, which were amazing!!!! That was my first time drinking and my sister knows how to make them, so if she said it was good, it was good. Long story short, we ordered some wings, and they were to die for. Girls were in there dressed down and dressed up, so you don't have to be stressed out figuring what to wear here. They have karaoke too!!! I will never do it, but it was fun listening to others sing. I will definitely be back, and it's a good thing that my sister lives about a ten minute walk away.
