5	Scottsdale has to be the best vacation spot in America.Where else is happy hour in a MALL??  Want a discount on your Sushi at Zen 32?  Bring a card-carrying model and get 25% off. I want to be here more that just a weekend during Giants Spring Training. http://sanfrancisco.giants.mlb.com/spring_training/tickets.jsp?c_id=sf
4	I loved Scottsdale Stadium, spring training home of the San Francisco Giants, but every fun place has it's drawbacks.  The food selection was very good (I recommend Island Noodles, $6.00 for an order of deliciousness), and the facilities were clean (always important!).  The only bad things I can say about this park is that  there were too many fans; that smoking (although officially not allowed inside of the stadium) was allowed in the stadium, and that no outside food was allowed into the park - not a single bit...If you ever get the chance to see a Giants spring training game at their home stadium, try to get lawn seats (they're the best) and make sure to sit in the shade (there are several trees planted in left field for that purpose)...if you get there early on an away-game day you might be lucky enough to catch the players as they get on the bus...so bring your sharpies and collectibles and try your hand at getting some autographs.
3	Scottsdale is not my favorite spring training park in the Phoenix area, but it's not bad.  The only bad thing about it is that almost all the seats are in the sun.  They actually have misters during the game, but only from the roof -- the mist showers those few who are already in the shade.The location of the little stadium is really nice.  Parking may be difficult, so go early, but once you park, you can actually walk to several restaurants after the game.
5	Weekends in March at scottsdale stadium is close to heaven on earth. ok, well its not that good.Even though the lawn seats are the priciest in the cactus league, they are the best.  Trees provide some shade in the grass.  people watching here is the best.Great location in old town so there is plenty of great eats and bars for pre/post game celebrations (salty's is extremely popular and the patio is full even at 10 am, they do have a free shuttle to the game, although its very walkable)  Be prepared, while it is one of the biggest stadiums in the league, it sells out every weekend, and while there are scalpers, its definitely a sellers market, be prepared to pay
4	I've lived in Phoenix for about three years now and I finally made it out to my first spring training game.  Now I have to preface this with the fact that the entire outing was free (in the VIP area)!  My employer decided to have our delayed holiday party at the ballpark and the weather was cooperating.  There's nothing better than sipping cold beer under an umbrella while taking in the sights.  I'm not much of a baseball fan but the people watching and the amazing weather and decent snacks were enjoyable.  It's the end of Feb and almost too warm to be in the full sun.  I can't imagine sitting in the  sun once spring is in full bloom but I will more than likely attend again.  Next time I will bring a blanket and my own umbrella so I can take a nap on the lawn in between drinking several much needed beers.  Side note:   they now serve Widmer Hefeweizen on tap!  Yay!
5	First time to Scottsdale Stadium to watch a spring training game.  (My actual first time at the stadium was in 2006 to see the USA vs South Africa in the World Baseball Classic)SO MUCH FUN!!  First of all there is nothing better then on a sunny warm day to be outside having a hot dog and beer watching a ball game!  The stadium is a nice venue.  I am not a fan of the SF Giants, but it was fun watching Barry Zito get killed in the first by his former team!!  Can't wait for more games this month!! Here comes the spring!
2	I hate the San Francisco Giants - Minus 3 stars!I hate drunk Giants fans - Minus 2 stars!I went to a game where the A's actually lost - Minus 10 stars!I had to park way out at some dirt lot for $5 - Minus more stars!And as Tammy A reports, what is UP with the fascist "NO FOOD" policy!?!?   I understand the no bottles and cans rules for baseball games, I can even tolerate the "empty your water bottles (and refill them at the water fountains) so we know for certain you aren't smuggling vodka or explosives into the stadium," but having the staff actually confiscate my homemade sandwiches and Fry's purchased peanuts at the gate?!?!? - minus 50 Stars for you, because obviously Scottsdale Stadium isn't in the good US of A!  (However, to their credit, my food was actually still there to be picked up after the game!)I did enjoy the Fall League hall of fame display, tho.And since I'm obviously biased, lets just say 2 stars, and never come back here again, especially when Phoenix Muni, the home of the Oakland A's, is practically walking distance from my place.
4	Nice field and very appropriate home for the Giants, very metropolitan (turn the corner and you're there, right in Old Town Scottsdale).  Go a few blocks up from the stadium and you can park on the street for free.  Please drive past the $20 parking lot, that's just ridiculous.  The food looked great, although we didn't partake.  Would've definitely gotten those wok fried noodles though.  The lawn seats were completely full and I love the look and feel of them.  The outfield seemed a little cluttered with makeshift stands and advertisements or maybe that was because we were sitting straight across from the Dos Gringos hut and it was all I could see from right field.  We're not fans of the Giants, but hey we wanted to see all we could during our first spring training trip.  Angels trounced them anyway.
5	Scottsdale stadium is the best park in the Cactus League, and as a Cubs fan, I wish that we would have a 7 game series vs these wankers for the right to use this stadium.  Its proximity to the best day-drinking spots anywhere in the Valley is the primary reason to come to this particular stadium, because, well, who wants to see the Giants anyway?The second best reason is that they import Bay Area-comforts like Anchor Steam, Pale Ale, and Northern Cali junk food.  The grass berm in the outfield is short, but if you can snag a spot, its fantastic for sightlines.
4	One of the oldest Spring Training complexes in Arizona is also one of the best.  Situated just outside of Old Town Scottsdale, Scottsdale Stadium offers a great place to watch a game as well as a location that begs you to go out after it is over.Getting to Scottsdale Stadium can be a bit of a pain.  It is a few miles from the freeway and almost requires that you deal with Scottsdale traffic.  If you take Earll to Civic Center and then merge on to Drinkwater, you should be able to find either street parking or library parking for free.  The dirt lots on the east side of the stadium should be avoided.  Also, the Trolley goes by the stadium so you can park anywhere along the line and catch it.Once you try to walk into Scottsdale Stadium, you will notice the food bank collection going on at each gate.  This is not voluntary.  You will be required to drop off everything eatable or drinkable (except closed water bottles) before you can enter.  This, of course, should prepare you to empty your wallet once you are inside.The concrete concourse obstructs the field which is a big hindrance but the area down the foul lines and the entire outfield berm has a clear view from the concourse.  That is where most of the good food is located anyways so you can stay out from behind the concrete monster.  There are plenty of food vendors and usually a nice broad selection of beers & cocktails.  Seating in Scottsdale is some of the best.  The berm seating has a huge slope and features large shade trees.  This makes for the best grass seating in the Cactus League.  The regular seats are a bit on the smaller side but almost all of them are close to the field and have good views.The practice field is beyond the right field wall.  Usually, this means the visiting team takes BP on the main field making this a great place for autographs.  If you were to want a Giant to autograph something, they all come down the first base line and most will stop and sign.  Don't expect to have access to the practice field beyond standing behind a chain link fence.This stadium has hosted so many teams over the years, it is too bad the terrible Giants play there now.  Ignoring that fact, Scottsdale Stadium is a great place to catch a game, especially if you are in the East Valley.
5	I am a spring training fan!That's not to say that I am a big baseball fan...I don't care who wins and I don't care about players stats, the stars of the game or any of the other things that surround the game. I don't even care about the steroids scandal in baseball...if some illiterate multimillionaire thinks that injecting certain substances in his/her body to enhance their performance is worth it, then I'm the last guy to tell them not to do it (although the late Lyle Alzedo might have had a different perspective).What I love, is a beautiful day at the ball park, watching a game that I enjoyed playing when I was a kid, in the company of the beautiful Carin.The best place to do that is Scottsdale Stadium, on the grass berm (no, not the stands or the Chorro Lodge...that just takes away from the atmosphere).Get there reasonably early, spread out a blanket on the grass, chitchat with the other fans, enjoy the people watching (really, too much fun...real baseball fans, drunk guys looking for girls, girls all decked out looking for guys...the show is terrific!).The game is always kind of fun to watch, as well. In the early part of the season, some of these "pro's" look like my kid when he played T-Ball!The food can be pretty good, too. I know it's pricey but that's not unusual for going to the ball park, and you can always grab something to eat before or after the game, since this stadium is close to a bunch of decent places. They do have some of the better ballpark food here at Scottsdale stadium, from both the concession stands hosted by the stadium and the booths set up by some of the restaurants in the area.At any rate, the show and the ambiance are the things that make this a 5 star experience. Go, lie on the grass, people watch, party and enjoy!
2	Right off the bat (no puns intended,) I had the feeling we were at the Giants ballpark in SF. NO parking. There are some random streets around the area that have parking for free, though you have to be careful and read the signs. There are hour restrictions on the length of time you can park there. There are also pay lots nearer the park, usually anywhere from $5 - $20, though we did not see any in the upper values. We found a sneaky spot, the dirt lot across the street from the US Egg is FREE. Yes, you have to walk a few blocks, but its FREE. No biggie. It was a nice day, not too hot, and we could always use a walk. I may have just leaked the best secret, but just leave us a spot when we are in town...I had a negative bias about this place going in. We went to see an A's vs Giants game. Being an A's fan (guilty by association with SG), I was not supposed to love the park. It is the giants park. But, of course I was going to come in with an open mind. An open mind and NO OUTSIDE FOOD. Except bottled water. But ONLY 1 bottled water per person. God forbid we have more than one per person. Yes, Strike one. We entered and headed toward our bleacher seats along the left field line. Our seats were only a few rows up from the field, so there was promise that we might get a ball during the game. I had my glove and was optimistic. Randy Johnson was pitching for the Giants, so likely to be some fouled off balls if they can make contact.  On our way to our seats, we took a peek at the food vendors. There was a decent assortment of independent food vendors with some unique foods.  We really did not try anything, having just eaten before the game, but the options were there. The first thing we noticed about the bleacher seating was that the seats are square to the field. Ok, that's great, as long as you do not want to watch what is going on with the pitcher and batter. You are, at least out where we were sitting, looking square on to the outfielder. Usually the ballparks angle the seats to aim them more toward the infield, but these clearly were NOT. This caused much neck ache. With the growing neck aches, we decided to walk the park. We checked out the views from the outfield grass and walked the whole park. The grass is actually nice and would be a fun place to hang out with a group and just lounge on a blanket. BYO blanket (yes you can bring that as long as it is not edible). Get there early, it does pack up pretty quickly. Expect lots of twenty somethings out there drinking and hanging out. They are pretty well behaved and seem to have a good time out there. Overall, I do not think we will go here again. Just no reason. We can see the A's at home and be more comfortable and have less hassle getting here, parking, getting less neck aches, and being in our home park.
4	Take me out to the ballgame, take me out to the crowd... buy me some peanuts and cracker jacks... I love baseball!How I've been in Scottsdale for four years and just now finally made it to see some Spring Training games, I don't know... but better late than never!I've been to a couple of games at Scottsdale Stadium (home of the SF Giants) so far this year... and I intend to make a few more as well.  It's easy since we're walking distance to the stadium and lawn seats are a bargain.I grew up a huge Detroit Tiger fan but I have to admit, I haven't been following baseball as much as I'd like.  But, there is something about going to these games that brings back childhood memories... they are so fun!  Go for the baseball, go for the people-watching, go for the beer... go for whatever the hell you want, but just go to a game - you'll thank me later!  Have fun!
2	Ugh... after going to spring training games at Phx Muni and Peoria, I had high hopes for Scottsdale. But, unfortunately, it's stereotypically Scottsdale. Maybe it's just the draw of weekend games, but we had to fight for our tiny spots on the lawn. The entire time we were surrounded by fake chicks dressed like they were going clubbin' and guys picking up on anything that moved. I thought Spring Training games were supposed to involve baseball?!
4	Great park. This was only the second stadium we visited, but we had a good time, and I would go back.The atmosphere was very laid back and enjoyable. Also, props to the Giants because they had (by far) the best souvenirs of any other stadium. Parking wasn't that great, but we were still able to park on a side street and avoid the $5 or $20 fees that locals tried to get you to pay. A good place to visit.
3	this is a nice stadium to watch spring training games.  it feels pretty new or at least updated recently.  we were behind home plate in the bleacher seats (which I don't really understand, why don't they just put actual seats all the way up to the press boxes).  The concessions had a good variety of choices but still expensive ballpark food.  If you are in town for spring training and are staying nearby it is great because you can easily walk to the park and don't have to worry about parking plus it is close to downtown restaurants and touristy shopping.
5	Yes, I do realize that Spring Training is over, and my review is already a couple of weeks late (or 11 months early, you decide).  However, procrastination is the spirit that drives America (well, maybe not "drives" it, but helps is glide forward).  So, you are not going to make me feel bad about not reviewing it sooner.Scottsdale Stadium is the best Spring Training facility in the Cactus League.  It really makes you feel like you're at a miniature version of a major league ballpark.  On Sundays, it's not unusual for 13,000 fans to witness a spring training game at Scottsdale Stadium.  That's quite a crowd.Frankly, I don't understand why the City of Scottsdale offers free parking around the ballpark.  Don't get me wrong, it's very nice, but it creates unnecessary complications.  Since parking spots are free, people take advantage of them and park their cars in those lots for days at a time.  If you get to a weekend game less than 60 minutes prior to first pitch, prepare to circle the block for a while.  Charge people $5-$10, and the problem would go away.  At least those parking lots are close to Old Town Scottsdale, so you can always stop by some establishment for an adult beverage before and/or after the game.The ballpark itself, though, is a delight.   Every seat on the infield offers a remarkable view of the action.  Even the very top row is the equivalent of maybe row 30 at any other ballpark.  You're right on top of the diamond, and you can watch the plays develop.  Besides, the infield upper box is in the shade.  For people like me who always bring SPF 1000 sunblock to the game, the overhang is a lifesaver.The food here is pretty good, too.  The wok noodles are pretty amazing; what a delightful treat.  The rest of the food is traditional ballpark food at traditional ballpark prices.  Just ask the friendly ushers what you should have for lunch, and they will point you in the right direction.When the game gets into the later innings, don't be afraid to move around.  Tired of the shade and want to get some sun?  Move to another spot.  Want to spread out and take a nap in the shade?  No one will yell at you for taking their seat.  Yep, Dorothy, we're not at Yankee Stadium anymore.Overall, Scottsdale Stadium is a 5-star facility, and it's a must-visit establishment on your Cactus League tour.
5	This isn't a review for the stadium as a baseball stadium.Huh?Yep, it's a review of Scottsdale Stadium as a venue for a NON-baseball event.We recently leased part of the stadium for a one day "Real Estate Bar Camp". We leased the Team Shop, Press Box and some conference rooms (and the stands at the last minute).Over 300 attended this all day event.And we got raves about the venue. It's unusual, but very cool, to hold a conference/meeting in a baseball stadium. Rates are VERY reasonable, and the staff at Scottsdale Stadium is *first class*. They set up the rooms to our exact request, and were around all day to ensure there was nothing we needed.  The only think lacking is wifi internet service, but rumor has it Qwest can come in and set something up. If you or your organization is looking for a unique venue to host a conference, meeting, whatever, consider Scottsdale Stadium. You, and your attendees, will not be disappointed!
5	Now that the holidays are over and it is cold outside and January starts I immediately look forward to Spring with the green hills, wildflowers and longer days. Only 2 months to March and baseball to fill the days with the calming voices of announcers describing the action. Away and above all others, this is my favorite Spring Training baseball park. It is right in the smack-dab middle of Scottsdale, so there are plenty of restaurants and social clubs within walking distance and that is a big plus. All of the other parks are all by themselves and you have nothing nearby to see or do without getting in your car and driving around. BOO to that. It is also next to a great library so you can park in the library lot, walk in to the library, check your emails and email any important ones back before the game, then walk to the park knowing everything is taken care of and well in hand so that you can sit, relax and enjoy the action carefree. It is also a real old-style type park with grass all around the outfield so you can sit on a blanket and kinda see what is going on. Not really though. Great to take the little babies and let them crawl on the turf if you have em. Getting a good seat is really hard, even for me, a Giants season ticket holder, because all the locals flock here and snap up all the good ones so you will probably have to deal with those dreaded scalpers. And they ain't cheap. It's ALWAYS crowded. Anyway, I have been to most of the Phoenix area parks and I really like this one, the Angels park in Tempe and the A's park in Phoenix/Papago are great too. All have their little cool quirks and flavor so if you love baseball, you have to come down here at least once and experience the uniqueness of Spring Training. I've done it twice and if I could get away from work, I would do it again. No long vacations for me anymore since I've been really busy with the court systems. So if you love baseball and the desert and warm weather and nice restaurants and getting away for awhile then this is a great way to go.Plus i just found out that yelp has a spell checker for those typos. Cool beans.
4	I really liked this one.  Now, granted, i went to a night game, and it was REALLY windy, so I had the entertainment of seeing tons of garbage and other stuff get whisped onto the field.  It was pretty funny!  I sat in the bleachers close to the away team dugout (cubs... were the away team :))  I had a good time.  I didn't like that the bathrooms were so seperated and I do remember not being too many stalls, so the wait was pretty horrible, but beside from that, a great stadium.  I love that you are close enough to some other fine establishments to enjoy some food and drink before the game, and still be able to walk to the park.
5	Scottsdale Stadium is an awesome ballpark! Yes, I'm a bit biased since I'm a relocated Giants fan living in Arizona.  Even a non Giants fan would appreciate the stadium and great location to watch a game. You know the stadium is a draw for other fans when several people are wearing several hats and shirts of other teams not playing..The stadium is in the heart of Scottsdale and easy walking distance to many places to eat drink. Parking can be a burden, unless you know where you are going. I hit a free spot a couple blocks away around 2nd and just off Scottsdale. Many other places charge anywhere from $5-10. There is a large gift shop on the first base side  Better than the small stand at most places. This shop can meet all your spring training and Giants needs.There are many places to get food and drink throughout the ballpark, including the usual ballgame food (hot dogs, nachos), bbq, kettle corn, gelato and the noodle bowls. Like all spring training sites, the cost of food and beverages is absurd. This might be the most expensive location for good and drinks. Hard to beat watching the game in the lawn near the right field foul pole, lawn or standing in the OF near centerfield. I don't think there is a bad seat in the house. One day, I'd like to watch a game from the terrace out in right field. That would be a great way to spend the afternoon.Can't wait to head back in a few days.
5	If any of you Giants fans have never had the opportunity to check out a Spring Training game, I highly recommend it. Scottsdale Stadium is an awesome venue for baseball. Every seat is a good one. They have excellent food stands, a mini Giants Dugout Store, and a fun atmosphere. I lucked into some sweet tickets, second row behind the Giants Dugout. I got some badass photos of Timmy, Chez, Panda, Buster and Will The Thrill. Will was my childhood idol, so having him waive when I called out to him and snapping a photo of him made my day. He also threw pieces of gum into the crowd by the handful, adding to the fun.Too make things even more sweet, we beat the Dodgers...
4	It figures that the team at Pac Bell Park would have an equally nice place to play at for Spring Training.Scottsdale is easily one of the nicest small ballparks I've been to.  The layout is fantastic.  The seats down at field level are a iittle snug - and I'm by no means a wide guy (6' 3" and 180 so I'm tall... but not wide) - and I do wish they were angled in towards home a little more.  Also, before the game, especially if you got tickets in the first two rows, expect to battle the kiddies waiting for autographs just to get to your seat until at least 5 minutes before gametime.  The lawn area is by far a more comfortable experience, but get there early and set up because it gets crowded.The food is pretty standard ballpark fare, on the pricey side, but definitely the thing to go for are the Island Wok Pan-Fried Soba noodles.  Go for the teriyaki chicken, add some sriracha, and you get a very good sized meal for around $8.Also kudos to the beer and lemonade guys walking the stands for not being obnoxious while the game is going on.Parking... the best suggestion I have in the couple times I've been here is to drive down 2nd, 1st, Main, and McKnight between 75th and Miller just north of the park.  It's all free street parking, but it fills up fast.  Take 75th Street south to the back entrance into the Stadium.  $20 for parking is absurd.  It's why I docked this place a star.Awesome Giants Dugout Store. Let's Go Giants!
5	This is the 2nd best Stadium i have been to so far for spring training here in Arizona. This is the spring training facility for the NL West San Francisco giants and man it is simply a beautiful ballpark. I visited this park last week when they played my Chicago White Sox and while it was rain delayed for about an hour the game was played. When the sun did finally come out it turned out to be just a picture perfect day for baseball...and i got 4 autographs that day from my beloved white sox players and staff. The stadium while small like most spring training facilities was well groomed, clean and all the vendors there were very friendly.The field drained beautifully despite all the rain and even the grass areas for the fans beyond the outfield were still in good shape. In fact they were in such good shape there were plenty of people still sitting out there to get some potential home run balls. Some people were even rolling down the hill out there and having a grand time...definitely where the party was at...LOL. The prices for food and beer were a bit steep but i have learned that is the case for most cactus league stadiums so i won't knock that.The other great thing about this stadium is that it is within walking distance to downtown Scottsdale and Old Town Scottsdale, which is a very popular tourist destination. You can also park down there take a free trolley to the game and then return back to your car and enjoy a late lunch, shopping, site seeing, or dinner before heading home. So if your ever in Scottsdale and your a baseball fan plan a full day of activity here and i guarantee you will go back home with a few memories. Eat, Drink and be Merry my friends!!!!
4	Those of you that know me, know I have a thing for baseball (and baseball players). It's Spring Training time again, and the weather is perfect for baseball! I went to the Giants vs. Indians game last week at Scottsdale Stadium and was reminded just how much I love the game.Lemonade, Cracker Jax, Hot Dogs, Beer, Peanuts, Sunflower Seeds, and a good 'ol mouthful of chew (just kidding - Jared told me to write that).  This ballpark (Scottsdale) happens to have a great sloping lawn to watch from the outfield -- you can walk right up to the outfield fence and watch pitchers practicing, players jogging the warning track, and if you're a lucky youngster or a hot blonde bimbo, they just might throw you a game ball!Parking is easy.  We typically park behind The Mission, grab a beer, and then walk over.  Last week we went to The Lodge after the game, so we took a petty cab.  If you just cannot make it to a game, a few movie suggestions for you: Field of Dreams, The Natural, A League of Their Own, Bull Durham, and Jared suggests The Fan.  But nothing can replace the experience of the ballpark... Enjoy the game!
4	This is the one and only Spring Training stadium I have been to and I was impressed. The lawn seating is the place to be- if you can find a spot. Don't forget a blanket. I would recommend buying tickets in advance. We didn't and ended up spending hours or our weekend in line. Don't be discouraged by the ticket line though- you'll more than likely get tickets. The food prices here are about standard for any ball park- beers $7-11. They do have a large variety of vendor food- I even saw a chow mein booth. I wish they had a larger score board- like at the Giants home stadium in San Francisco ( A stadium worth checking out).
5	As an A's fan I feel constantly like Jan.  It's always Giants, Giants, Giants! But as a fan of baseball, I must give props to their stadium.  They certainly have us beat.  From the food to the location to the building itself.  My father and I always enjoy watching the A's go up against the Giants.  I being a A's fan to the core and him not caring either way.  He took me to the Scottsdale Stadium the first time and I was blown away.  It feels like a real ballpark.  From the bricks to the gates to the outside vendors.  You can't help but get that good old fashion American feeling.  Parking is a bit difficult, but we have to give a little leeway on this.  They are in Scottsdale after all.  When we went in I had to get a brat and a beer (this was before my vegetarian days).  But brats were not all they had.  They have flat bread, chow mien, Hawaiian BBQ, and i think i even saw a Mexican food stand.  I love choices! But I'm old fashion and stuck to what felt was right.  I was very impressed with our seats.  We got lawn and we still had a great view, it was comfortable and we weren't ignored by the beer vendor (very important when getting seats).  All in all it was an amazing father daughter time. I don't have to love the giants to love their stadium.  But P.S.  That game the A's smoked the Giants! Go A's!
5	I had forgotten to write a review after going to a game here for the first time.  We moved out here a year ago from Northern California and being Giants fans had heard great things about spring training and the reports were true.  We had gone to the A's Stadium a couple of days earlier and this place blew away the A's stadium.  I don't even know where to start.  First food and beverage vendors were amazing.  The amount of choices made it hard to figure out what to eat.  I ended up going with a teriyaki bowl and it was delicious.  The park itself is beautiful and has a similar feel to AT&T park back in SF (which is the best ballpark that I've ever been).  We got lawn seats and have to say that was quite an experience.  It was an absolute sea of people out there.  There were plenty of beer/soda/water etc vendors out there so we were well hydrated in the warm sun.  I really can't say enough about the experience.  I am really looking forward to next year and will have to go to a couple of games next year for sure.
5	Scottsdale Stadium deserves five stars for location alone, but they have to be rated on more than that. So I'll start with the top five reasons I like it here:1. Location2. Atmosphere 3. How clean it's kept 4. Events they host 5. Giants Games Whether it's summer, winter, spring or fall, every time I drive by Scottsdale Stadium, spring training excitement hits and I begin the countdown before the best time of year in AZ. Scottsdale Stadium is the lucky home to the Giant's Spring training and so when February/March hits, the venue will be hustling and bustling with locals and visitors all sharing the common love for the All-American sport. A top favorite of mine within the stadium is Charro Lodge which is a fabulous area in center field that serves all inclusive food and drinks during the game. It's one of the best deals in town and if I ever have a couple of extra bucks to spend in the spring, it goes towards a ticket here. But, on most weekend game days, you'll find me pitched on the famous grassy noll in center field, enjoying the game with friends and maybe a couple cold beers. The stadium is always clean. Always. I don't think I've ever witnessed a dirty stadium, regardless of the attendance. It's easy access to any of the best Old Town restaurants and bars to visit after a game and the environment is one of excitement and loyalty for both Arizona and the love of the game. But, I've learned over the years that Scottsdale Stadium doesn't close up shop on April 1. In the fall, they host fall ball which is where top baseball players come to practice and allow scouts to check them out. It's open to the public and the games are at night. I just recently experienced the Old Town Farmers Market in the Scottsdale Stadium and I must say that I was really impressed!! It's a great way to stay cool in the summer heat and still enjoy the local flavors available at the Farmers Market. The City of Scottsdale will also host other various events throughout the year at Scottsdale Stadium, so I've learned that I need to keep an eye on this gem of a venue in the heart of Old Town! So with that, I'm starting my countdown to Spring Training. As of today, we have roughly six months. See you at the first game!
4	A suitable minor league version of the all-star ballpark up in San Francisco.  With an intimate feel that defines spring training, every seat in the yard feels like you're on top of the action.  Love the open grass areas to sit in.I know, "intimate" in the context of ballparks is usually a code word for a small, unkempt venue.  Not here, no way.  The main entrance is done up beautifully in brick and when I walked in it felt like a true big-league yard, only smaller.  And the concession stands are no joke either, this is big-league pricing but I must say there's an impressive variety of foods available -- as I mentioned earlier, a suitable minor league version of AT&T Park.I only spent a couple of days in the town, but I left with the impression that Scottsdale really is a classier 'burb than the rest of the towns dotting the Phoenix area map.  Thus be ready to shell out some crazy bucks on your Giants spring training trip.
4	A great example of what upgrades can do to a Stadium if rebuilding is not an option........Outstanding Party Decks all through the Outfield with various sponsors and promotions.........an small, but enjoyable outfield grass berm and an Gorgeous View of Camelback from the entire firstbase side of the field........the fact that its walking distance to 100's of bars & restaurants in Old Town is indeed a HUGE BONUS!!!........Love the place for March spring training baseball and will be back!!!
5	Such a great Spring Training Stadium!Perfect location, the staff are the friendliest people alive, and the concessions are perfect.There's a great big lawn for relaxing in the sun or under the trees.  There's also the Charro Lodge, for about $70 you can have a spot in the outer field directly above the Giant's bullpen (awesome!!!) and free food, beer, and wine.  Totally worth it!
5	Home of the Giants(away from home).This place is cute, you almost feel like you are watching on a Little League field. I loved the cute older women who work in the stands. Beer Me hat vendor =RAD. Hot Dogs=RAD. WORLD CHAMPIONNNNNNS
3	Not the worst, not the best.  It's a decent place to catch a game.  I guess I'd go back if I was a Giants fan.
5	Home of the World Champion SF GIANTS!!!!Budget yourself a few extra minutes as traffic in Scottsdale can be hectic.  You can also find street parking nearby. The crowd and staff are friendly.  I can't imagine a better place to watch a game other than ATT park, Wrigley, and Yankee stadium.GO GIANTS!!!!
5	Spring Training Home of the Wold Champion San Francisco Giants! Wow that sound good! Intimate stadium in Old Town Scottsdale. Parking is free on the street or adjacent garage. The ultimate spring training baseball experience.
5	Salt River Fields is nice but Scottsdale Stadium is still the gold standard.  Of course I may be biased since I'm a life-long Giants fan.Great atmosphere with fantastic people watching.  Hanging out in Old Town before and after the game rather than walking through miles and miles of parking lots like at other ballparks is what makes this place one of a kind here in AZ.Go Giants!!
5	Wow!!!! Beautiful stadium. We came here for a few Giants games and had a great time.  They had a good selection of places to eat and the staff was friendly.  See ya next year.
4	A great all-around stadium to watch the game.  With the exception of a few spaces on the lawn, there are no bad seats in the house, and the stadium still has a great classic baseball look to it.We always opt for the lawn seats.  Let's be honest, most people that sit in the lawn of this stadium never watch more than 5 pitches.  It is a people-watching, party scene.  If you are lucky enough to get there a bit earlier, get a good spot on the lawn, and you can enjoy the best of both - baseball & people.What I really love about this park is the food / beer.  How can you not enjoy a San Fran game without a classic San Fran Beer - Anchor Steam and Garlic Fries from Gordon Biersch.  Minus the heat, you feel like you are right in the bay area.  Plus, you can smell the fries cooking 3 sections over.If you are an autograph junkie, they usually have a good (but repetitive) line up of old stars behind 3rd base signing autographs.Parking is limited directly around the park, but you can usually snake a spot in a neighborhood or park in Old Town and take the trolley or walk.A HUGE knock on this park - ticket prices.  Just about everywhere else in AZ you can get a lawn seat for a spring training game around $8.  At the Scottsdale Stadium - $19.25!  They also do flex-pricing here, which means if a popular team (Dodgers / Cubs) are there the ticket prices will go up.If you are new to AZ, and want to see a game, you can't go wrong here.  Plus, afterward, most people spill right into old town to keep the party going!* This spring training, I took on an aggressive goal.  Go to all 10 Spring Training Parks & see all 15 teams in one spring training season, and do it all on the weekends (FRI-SUN).  This review is a part of 10 total reviews.
5	I know the season is almost over but get to a game! I am no sports nut but I do know that if I have a badass time at a sporting event, then it must be pretty damn fun! As with all Spring training events... the experience is so much more intimate than season games... no matter where you are sitting, the field and players are quite close... you actually have a chance of getting knocked out by a foul ball... and everyone is in a freakishly good mood.  Bar none the location of Giants field is ideal.  Right in the heart of old town.  Easy to walk/stumble to dozens of bars after the game... possibly even spot Giants players along the way or at the bars! All the fans are just great and here on vacation... all smiles and cheer.  Its simply a fun way to spend an afternoon watching professional athletes without the expensive ticket costs or being stuck out in Maryvale or Surprise.
5	I was totally impressed by this ballpark! No seats are bad here - all of them are close and you can see the players on the field really well. They have a nice area that you can pay to go into called the Charro Lodge (http://www.springtraining.com/). I wish I would have known about it before! The seats are great patio spots in the outfield and it comes with food and drinks if you do the Salty Package. Next year I am going to look into this!Parking for us was super easy. If you get there early enough you can park in the free lot just by the park or you can take the Trolley to the game from downtown. They also had a lot across the street that with a $10 donation you can pay the hospital to park and it goes to a good cause. They also have a merchandise store, that isn't huge, but they had a lot of spring training specific gear. Even though we did go to a rained out game :( it was still such a great place to watch the Giants play.
5	It's almost like watching professional baseball players on a really nice high school field.  No matter what, you are close to the action.  One thing that stood out the most was the amount of beer vendors.  I don't know if it's a California thing or an ATT park rule but there are no beer dudes walking up and down the isle selling beer.  Here, they are everywhere and it's great.  $11 for a tall clan of Pat the Bats favorite, bud light.  Pat the Bat didn't play that much when I was there, he was probably hungover in the dugout, icing his balls down from his last nights gash slaying fest.
5	Great time!! Be ready for some serious sun!Just good old fun at the ball game.  Grass seats are a good time too
5	One of my absolute favorite spring training ballparks! I'm attempting to get to all of the ballparks here in the valley and that's kinda hard to do with ballparks like this one that make you wanna return again and again!The concessions wrap nearly all the around the small and intimate field. They have a good selection of food and beer. The craft brew bombers are definitely the way to go for value and quality!And bonus: you can park nearly anywhere around old town and catch the free trolley to the ballpark. After the game you can wander around and check out some of the nearby bars / restaurants.How can you not have a good time at this ballpark?!
5	go giants!what an awesome, old-school-feel stadium! the lawn in the place to be! the food concessions are great, but the ballgame is so much more intimate!
5	home of the san francisco giants!! (in the off season...)this stadium was nothing like i expected. it was basically a smaller, more outdoor-ish version of AT&T park in san francisco. (even the bathrooms looked the same inside!)the ballpark is situated ever-so-conveniently, right outside old town scottsdale. theres parking lots in the surrounding area that are relatively affordable ($10). the stadium is beautiful! we sat in the outfield area on the grassy area. we brought our own towels to sit on and it was like a big ol' giants love fest. it was SUPER hot so i loved that people with ice cold lemonades and beers keep walking around. otherwise i would have had a heat stroke! (yeaa.. if you are sitting on the grass area and its a sunny day, i recommend finding a shady spot...)food choices were superb!!! we had this pulled pork sandwich on buttery toast and spicy cole slaw. DROOOLLLL! so effin delish!! they had the standard hot dogs, popcorn, and etc... but fresh kettle corn stands and even an asian noodle stand (this was VERY POPULAR). we got to the game two hours early. this turned out to be an excellent idea as we got to see all the starting pitchers (timmy included) warm up in the smaller practice area in the back. a lot of the players were nice enough to sign a few balls for the fans... and will "the thrill" clark was walking around taking pics and signing autographs!!!!!we had such a fun time... even though it was almost 100 degrees and i spent most of the game sitting in the shade almost passing out.  definitely will be there for 2012 spring training!!
3	Small stadium with the feel of being in a small town watching a game. They keep the stadium up pretty nice of course since it is in Scottsdale. There is not a bad seat in the house.
4	5 stars for having the perfect small, spring training feel... also for being smack in the middle of downtown Scottsdale. Also, for being home of the World Champs and having batting practice on the main field (not always the case at other cactus league parks). Also you can bring in food and snacks, at least we did. 2 stars if you sit in the lower reserved seats along the baseline outfield since these seats face almost away from homeplate... so get ready for a sore neck. Make sure you get seats near the infield or you are better off in the grass. Go GIANTS.
4	Get your peanuts!!! Get your crackerjack!!  Nothing better than a spring training game watching the hometown Giants!  Finally got  a chance to visit this stadium after I graduated college and boy it is a beautiful ballpark (but AT&T will still be #1).  We got here a little late so parking was a little difficult to find, but that's what we get...as the saying goes the early bird gets the worm...and we were not early..All kinds of food served here in addition to some of the native SF beers makes it a great atmosphere to hang out with friends and knock back a beer or two.  Unfortunately, most if not all of the vendors only take cash, so be prepared!  And if your'e not, there are several ATM's sprinkled throughout the stadium to withdraw cash.  If you're sitting in the outfield, make sure to bring plenty of sun lotion if you're not in the shade!  I couldn't stand the heat for the entire time I was there ,so I walked and explored the stadium a bit, and was lucky enough to bump into Gaylord Perry.  Nice guy, got a baseball signed and a pic.  I'm a happy camper!
1	Baseball Fans BEWARE!!!! The SF Giants are ripping you off and committing FRAUD!!!! Went online to buy two tickets for a night spring training game. Requested bleacher seats and was sold two tickets with assigned seat numbers for $63.00. I checked with the City of Scottsdale and was told that those seats DO NOT EXIST!!!!The tickets they sold me are for standing room or lawn only. No where during the purchasing process or on the tickets does it say that! COMPLETE FRAUD!!!!Called the SF Giants ticketing and they advised that I was overcharged. They called back later and told me no refund tough luck. Complete BS!!!! This is the official SF Giants Called my cc company. They agreed it was fraud and froze the purchase. I will be sending a written complaint to MLB and to the SF Giants. Why does the SF Giants have to be so deceitful?I would have given them zero stars but it was not an option.
5	[First time Out-of-Towner for Spring Training]Hey Giants, its 2012..cash only operations are ridic!Ohh - my first trip to Scottsdale Stadium and it will not be my last. This intimate field, with fairly reasonable (almost cheap) seat pricing is fantastic. It was on par with what I was expecting, besides the lack of visa-MC-AMEX usage.I don't think I could ever bad mouth any experience with my G-men, I loved being out there with the sun shining and watching one of my favorite sports!The dugout store wasn't what I expected, almost everything had Spring Training on it. I know, duh...right? I still thought I'd get to get some regular gear...not so much. I guess it's the novelty...but of course I invested in some since it was my first time!As for food and drinks we tried a few different things. The Salty Senorita "margaritas," were apparently supposed to be Sangria (as said by the little server). It tasted like tequila with some wine, so a hybrid sort of drink. The Gordon Biersch chicken strips and garlic fries basket was delectable. The fries remind me of AT&T park, good, garlicky, and greasy...the G-trifecta!Of course we had to try the infamous noodles. I got mine with Teriyaki Chicken. As a spoiled CA girl, I've had much better at home - but these were an interesting choice. They were good and seemed like the healthier choice, minus all the oil. They even had Sriracha and soy sauce if you wanted to spicy your to-go carton up I love the G-men regardless, but I love them that much more in such a great atmosphere! Win or lose, I'm excited for the regular season to start...Those $6 ATM fees hurt...but Los Gigantes are worth the financial pain...
4	Scottsdale Stadium is better than all of the other stadiums used for Spring Training.See that, I don't even remember the names of the other ones. Maybe Maryvale? Anyway, Scottsdale Stadium is the only one that feels like a real ballpark. Better beers (~imported ones~), nice lawn section, and full of beautiful Bay Areans.Get cash at an ATM before coming here to avoid the $4.00 ATM fees! Everything is cash only (what is this, a county fair?), so that stinks.
5	One of the best Spring Training sites, second only to Salt River Fields in my opinion. Scottsdale Stadium is home to the SF Giants and is the best location of all the stadiums. It has a great seating and lawn area. Post game day drinking is always in order when at this Old Town ball field. Food is good, great people watching, and oh yeah, the baseball games! Does it get any better than Scottsdale in March? I submit that it does not! I'll have to be honest though, ever since Salt River Fields opened up in 2011, I haven't been to Scottsdale Stadium. Maybe it's just because it is closer, but I am digging on the vibe at SRF more these days. Still, you won't go wrong with picking a game at Scottsdale Stadium. Another added bonus about this place, they have the Fall League games here as well. Good place to see up and coming stars.
4	This was my first time at Scottsdale Stadium and I loved it! It definitely had the vibe of AT&T Park in the sense that you could really feel the excitement from fans and it definitely felt like home, only it was about 20 degrees warmer ;)It definitely has a great location as it is in downtown Scottsdale, making it easy to get to whether you are driving or taking a shuttle in. We had lawn seats and at $30/each they were pretty pricey and this is the only reason why Scottsdale Stadium isn't getting 5 STARS. We got there just when the game started and struggled to find a good spot but eventually did. I highly recommend getting there earlier so you can snag a good spot. I liked that there were trees scattered in the lawn area so you could get some shade. Bring a blanket!As far as food goes, there were tons of options. The boyfriend and I both got the Island Noodles and loved them! I liked that Bay Area beers like Anchor Steam and Sierra Nevada were offered - made it feel like we were at home. All vendors are CASH ONLY and ATM's are provided but with a service fee.I really liked Scottsdale Stadium and had a great time - it felt like we were at home, fans were great, and everything offered was awesome. Plus, the Giants beat the A's and who could complain about that? ;) I can't wait for the 2012 season to start!
4	Ignoring the fact that Scottsdale Stadium is a bit overpriced these days for Spring Training Giants tickets, its fun. Its basically one big party (in the lawn) with a baseball game going on the side. It reminds me of a mini-Giants stadium (I refuse to call it "Pac-Bell or AT&T or whatever it is these days). The beers are a bit cheaper and there's food everywhere!
4	AHHHHHH...a stadium full of true Giants fans outside of SF!!!  That's really all I need to say!  This stadium really felt like a mini mini version of AT&T park.  The fan vibe, people getting there at 11am when the gates open for a 1pm game, true baseball aficionados! In the heart of Old Town Scottsdale, that means post game drinking is half a mile away, the location of this place is perfect!  It's a small stadium.  You can see the players entering and exiting, catch an autograph and photo if you are lucky, and can view them warming up on the practice field right next door, then they move to the main field to warm up.  I seriously have not had so much fun and player interaction at a game before!!  If you are a Giants fan, you must visit for Spring Training!!  If you have lawn seats, as I did, get there early and stake a spot with a blanket.  Friday night was completely packed.  My Saturday there was also packed, but also hot, so I did get there early to sit under some tree shade.  The lawn is the place to be for people watching on a Saturday for sure.  True fans come out of Friday, I felt.  Saturday was more for frat parties and guys watching girls boobs.  If you are on the lawn too, the restrooms here only have three stalls for the ladies.  The funny thing is, usually the line to the men's room is much longer!!  Truthfully I would pick the lawn over seats anyway because there is no shade in those seats, and they cost even more!  The lawn area is also close to all the food.  Here's the rundown: Gordon Beirsch Garlic Fries, can never go wrong there.  Island noodles:  meh...I felt ridiculous being asian and buying "island noodles", it's like going to PF Chang's, and of course I was disappointed and thought their teriyaki drenched sweet stir fry noodles tasted like crap.  In the main area where the food is, you can get a Hot Dog combo for $9 or $10 with a pickle and chips, but if you go to the lawn right next to the scoreboard, you can get the dog alone for $6.50.  Margarita's:  $9...really tasty and refreshing in the hot Scottsdale sun!  I think they called it a....Margaria...margarita/sangria.  It was really good.  Lemonade $5.  Pretty steep, but I bought it anyway, refreshing in the heat, not as good as AT&T Park's lemonade, but a tad cheaper.  BBQ pulled pork and brisket sandwich.  Hefty portion of meat on white bread.  Pretty delish.  Heads up, if you are on the lawn during batting practice, watch out for flying balls and the men who will run you over trying to catch them!   In the stadium, you can donate your money to get a hall-of-famer's autographed memorabilia.  I got Gaylord Perry's.  Also, their souvenir stand proceeds benefit I think it was the Boys and Girls club.  I don't know how much of it, but thought it was pretty cool that if I am dropping dough, that it's all for a good cause.  My only complaint is the price of the lawn seats...good gawd, I can get Angels tickets at the regular season cheaper than these, but that's the price you pay to see our beloved Giants.  If you park right in front of the stadium, be prepared to pay, however my parking price went to a charity organization who was running the parking lot.  If you get there early, you can street park for free.  On the back side of the stadium, there is structure parking for free...I found that out afterwards.I will definitely come back next year, but will plan my trip during the weekdays when it's less crowded.
4	I caught 3 games here and also saw 2 games at Tempe Diablo and one at Peoria.  This was the largest of the three.  I had seats in grandstand on two days and once on grass.  First off, if you go late March, heat can be an issue.  Consider getting seats in the shade.  The day we were on the lawn, we went early to make sure our blanket was in the shade.  Lots of trees there so if you're willing to go early, its no problem getting shade.  The grandstand seats (bleachers with seat backs) were a bit cramped, but ok.  Bring a seat cushion or folded towel to sit on and be aware the last row of bleacher seats has reduced leg room for some reason.  Parking for us was easy since we always went at least an hour before game start.  There's street parking all over, often right across from businesses asking 5 or 10 bucks to park in their lots!  We never paid for parking; just make sure you're not in a zone thats time limited.Food was fairly standard.  Didn't try the garlic fries.  The island noodles are unremarkable.  Lots of noodles for the cost but they needed salt or soy sauce or something.  Beer and lemonade vendors were always wandering around.I recommend either buying your tickets early (ie not a week before you go like I did), and/or using a ticket reseller like stubhub.  Surprisingly, I saw no scalper here, though I did at the other two stadiums.
5	After years of dreaming we finally made it to spring training and most importantly Scottsdale Stadium, home of the SF Giants. The stadium has an incredible location right in Old Town Scottsdale. Surrounded by restaurants, bars, gift shops and galleries. The stadium can seat 12,000, but feels small enough because you can see and interact with the players. (We got Brandon Crawford, Hector Sanchez and Will the Thrill's signature!)The lawn has lots of trees, therefore shade...unlike a lot of stadiums.  Also along the third base line they have an area that's $25 with tables, chairs, unlimited food (hotdogs, burgers, pasta) and 1 beer. Well worth it and a lot less crowded then the lawn.  Gates open 2 hours prior and the gift shop opens in the morning. Parking was really easy. I was intimidated by all the reviews. Agree with Paul V. that the stadium is second only to Talking Sticks, which feels more like a big league park. Can't beat the location and of course the Giants fans.  It s a funny feeling meeting basically your neighbors, but in AZ.
5	I flew down from San Francisco to my first spring training this year. It was a great decision. I was lucky enough to go to three games at Scottsdale Stadium Fri, Sat, and Sunday and it was the best. I was so excited that I got there early all three days. I loved watching batting practice and seeing Jon Miller and Bochy talking to the players.My friends went last year and got some autographs on a ball and I got some more myself. Having a quick chat with Santiago Casilla, Javier Lopez, Tommy Joseph, Heath Hembree, Clay Hensley, Chris Stewart, etc. was awesome. The actual stadium is wonderful. As soon as I started heading toward my seat there were vendors selling ice cold beers. In Arizona they can bring it to your seat which is clutch. I did a lap around the stadium to really see every nook and cranny. The outfield lawn seating is cool, and you can even watch the minor leaguers warm up on the adjacent field from the outfield area.I remember the food being good, I got chicken tenders and garlic fries. They were also cool about me bringing food in to the stadium. So, I have no complaints, if you're a true Giants fan you'll have to make a trip down here at least once.
5	Good Times! I was sooooo excited to be here and watch my team play! It felt like I was home! Of course the weather here was waaaaaaaaaay hotter than the city (duh)! Everybody was nice, venders, bartenders, police officers (lol)...They were walking around from breathalyzers, yikes. Did I really want to know my alcohol levels, nah!! Maybe next time... lolGreat location! You are in walking distance of many bars, restaurants, shops etc..See ya next year!!!
5	I've been to 4 different Spring Training facilities in Arizona, and Scottsdale Stadium was the best one!  This stadium felt like a mini-MLB park, as it shares a lot of features similar to a professional MLB stadium.  It was also the most expensive of the Spring Training facilities and they tend to sellout all the time.  If the weather is hot.., they do have outdoor cooling misters for the seated fans, but not for any fans that are located out in the open (such as the lawn area).As for the location, it's in a perfect area as you are right in the middle of Scottsdale; where you're walking distance from the mall, restaurants, bars, parks and local shops.  Scottsdale Stadium is the reason why people fly down to Arizona to catch a bunch of preseason games that don't mean anything in the standings..; because the location and the ballpark makes the whole Spring Training experience so much fun, with the numerous accommodations for their fans!  The San Francisco Giants never go cheap and they are always more expensive.., but you'll always get your money's worth.
4	The volunteers at Scottsdale Stadium are very friendly and helpful.  This sweet lady was kind enough to give me the tip that the Giant's trophy was there for fans to take pictures with it.The field's pretty fun and conveniently near old town where there's plenty of bars and places to eat as well as upscale shopping.The prices are a bit ridiculous.  $4.50 for water without the cap is a bit bloodsucky (come on Giants...don't be so stingy).Still had lots of fun watching spring training games here.
3	Beautiful park, great selection of concessions, fantastic location in old town Scottsdale, money going to a good cause with the Charros, and the World Champion Giants. So why isn't this a five star review? Because the experience there is about as kid-friendly as an NFL game. It's like an overpriced strip club with (just slightly) more clothes. There are hardly any activities for kids like at other Spring Training parks around town. And the boorish swearing 20, 30, and 40-something drunks we ran into in every section around the field might've been fun people watching for us adults but horrifying for the kids. I definitely understand letting people have a good time, but come on...concessions staff and security, including off duty LEOs, just watched drunk people stumble around everywhere from the expensive seats all the way to the lawn. Spring Training was once about kids getting close and personal with the players, getting autographs, and watching the teams at a lower cost and more intimate venue. If you're of-age and looking to funnel beers like you're on Spring Break, definitely check out this park. But if you're taking anyone under 13 or so, be warned and consider going elsewhere.
4	Home of Giant's spring training, definitely the place to be for a Saturday game. Good food and cold beer. I love how the concessioners will bring you beer in your seat - you don't get that at the MLB parks I've been to.
5	Scottsdale Stadium is a pretty large facility with the old school spring training feel. I like Salt River, but there's definitely something to be said about the older venues. Large variety for food and drink (overpriced, but hey, it's spring training, get over it), packed lawn with just a few shady spots when it gets too hot (remember your sunscreen!), small bathrooms = ridiculous lines. You cannot beat this location for pre- and post-game dining and drinking and many area bars/restaurants offer game day specials.
5	LOVE IT!!!The staff was SO friendly I kept thinking they were trying to sell me something. The food isn't amazing, the prices are less than AT&T Park though. We loved being so close to the players. Arrive early to get autographs and make it worth your while. All the vendors in the stands have great personalities and flair, which makes it interesting. We had an amazing time and I can't wait for regular season to start, and to go to back to Spring Training next year!
2	Two star rating is for the cheap "seats" on the grass and the $20 parking at a nearby hotel.  Wet grass, people who couldn'tcare less about baseball but did love their monster beer cups, more pickup action than a Tempe campus bar on a Friday night and the longest bathroom lines ever seen in a small stadium.Elsewhere, the parts of the stadium with real seats did look nice, the fans polite if not too involved in the game, and the food selections were interesting.Who knew that everyone in the area was a Giants fan like us?  Saw one outcast wearing a blue jersey for whatever team beat the Giants 16-2. Next time, try to get into the website earlier to get real seats!
3	Scottsdale Stadium is beautiful. It's in a very nice area with tons of free parking. It was easier to drive there and park, even if escaping wasn't exactly fun.So why only 3 stars? The prices. $11 for a beer. $30 for a lawn seat and it was too packed to throw out a blanket and relax. There were hundreds of people who had to stand. Next year, I'll try to go to Giants away games. They offered WAY better priced seats ($13 and BOGO for a real seat) and because it wasn't ALL Giants fans, the team was much more accessible. Scottsdale was very nice and gives a nice reminder of AT&T's architecture, but the views lack because of the awkward angles and the value to baseball ratio just wasn't there.
5	I love the giants and spring training!! Stadium is awesome, clean and exciting!  Ahhh I've never seen the giants that close. The stadium was packed, parking was hard, but it was all worth it. How lucky are we in az to see our mlb players this close and personal. I got see my bf poooosey so hot! Even though spring training games do not count I still think they are fun to go to the best thing ever! The after party in old town is amazing as well :)
4	Since I call myself a Giants fan, I had to pay this place a visit. It is by far the best location of any of the ballparks I visited during my Spring Training tour. It is located somewhat near civilization as opposed to out in the middle of nowhere like a lot of the other facilities seem to be. The half naked hot ASU chicks selling beers are also a nice touch. Wish they would do that at AT&T park,. I also dug the plaques denoting the numerous players that have played in the cactus league over the years. The only downside is, like any of the parks in AZ, it can get pretty hot. Heat doesn't bother me, but my trusty companion looked like a lobster when we left. It would have been nice to have some more awnings or shade. But overall, if youre a Giants van you have to pay tribute and make it here once in your life. Its a fun, festival like experience and you'll be glad you did.
5	I LOVE the Giants, and I LOVE coming to Scottsdale for spring training.  In fact, I really love coming the week before spring training games start going to batting practice.  You get to see the players practicing in a pretty casual setting, and they sign autographs afterward which is fun.
3	Pretty A-OK. Came here for spring training with the SCU Alumni Association, we sat in a special gated off area of the park and had all you can eat food and a free drink (and pretty much our own private bar). It was past third base where lots of the foul balls fly.Here's my overall thoughts:Pros:(+) Smaller park - it doesn't seem like there is any bad view in the park(+) Friendly staff - everyone we encountered, including the bartender and cook manning our little area and the "bouncer" (who was an elderly lady) were all really nice(+) The catering we got was pretty good... just burgers and hot dogs, some cookies and chips. Pretty basic stuff but still good, and all you can eat(+) A cool grass seated area in the park, some parts shaded. Really nice to just chill and relax, watch a baseball game and drink some cold beersCons:(-) Pretty expensive drinks, even more expensive than in season games at AT&T park. Not too sure about that... I mean I know drinks are expensive at sporting events in general, but come on... it's pre-season baseball.(-) Kind of a boring stadium. Not much to see, very tiny, nothing super interesting. (Maybe I'm biased and comparing it to AT&T park which is just amazing, Coca Cola slide and all)
1	Worst stadium experience I've had anywhere. No parking. No signage. No help. The attitude is 'gotcha and good luck.' Lots of help to get you downtown to eat, drink, and gamble so if that's your thing, you might like it.  Every park I've been to in the Valley has provided a better experience. Not even close.
5	I felt like the luckiest girl in the world. I have wanted to see the Giants at Spring Training since forever and this year we got to go! My guy is the best, he bought us a couple tickets to see the San Francisco Giants play Japan. JAPAN! When would that normally ever happen in baseball season? It really was an experience of a lifetime. The day was hot, so we should have been prepared and upgraded to the shady suites. I'm a fan of the sun, but the weather was unbearable to sit during the whole game. We enjoyed beers and a brat from the Anchor Steam tent, just a little bit of home away from home. Seeing orange and black everywhere, watching Sandoval and Posey, some regulars and a whole lotta new players.The game was fun, although we didn't win. My guy bought me a souvenir shirt and one for my nephew at home, he's definitely a keeper.
3	Was finally able to catch a few Giants games this past Spring Training season.  I had high hopes for this stadium, but it disappointed me.  The main reason is that parking is not only awful, it's confusing, dangerous and expensive....why?  Because there is no parking near the stadium.  You have to drive all over Old Town Scottsdale to try and find parking.  All of the parking close to the Stadium is reserved for special ticket holders and parking passes.  A cop told me to drive around and find a spot that there was plenty of "free" parking.  The problem with that is that many of the parking spots in Old Town have a 3 hr limit on them.....if you get to the stadium 1 hr early to eat, get pics, shop, and get autographs/meet players, that only leaves 2 hrs for the game....has anyone watched baseball in the last 100 yrs?!  There's no such thing as a 2 hour baseball game!  So, you'll get a ticket?  So what are the alternatives?  Well, you can park in one of a couple of parking garages nearby, but they're not really nearby, they're kind of far from the stadium and already packed with cars from people who work in the area, so to find a spot is damn near impossible....plus to get to the stadium, you can either walk the long distance or tip one of dozens of golf carts that are working the parking lots to transport people to/from the stadium, a $5 tip each way and you're out $10....why don't they just build a Freakin' parking garage next to the stadium and charge $10 to park there?!  It's more convenient and less of a hassle.  Another alternative is to park in a nearby business parking lot that sells spots for $5 to $10....again, another argument to build a parking garage next to the stadium and charge.Sorry for the long rant on parking, but it's really that bad.Once I got inside, it was a pretty cool experience, just like most Spring Training ballparks.  To eat, I had:Cheese Pizza Slice, $6.50Small Drink, $4.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scottsdale-stadium-scottsdale?select=p35PrY5ndBEHAfhRfL-ORg#p35PrY5ndBEHAfhRfL-ORgOur seats were awesome.  One day it rained cats & dogs.  Another day, it was perfect.Overall, great baseball experience.....awful arrival/departure experience.  I'm glad I got to check this stadium off my bucket list.Return Factor - 60%
3	Scottsdale Stadium is probably the most laid back stadium of them all...and it's also jam packed with Giants fans (+5 Stars, I love laid back people). That's just what the Dr. ordered for this Chicago chick during Cactus League spring training during the VERY cold winter of 2013. Scottsdale Stadium probably has the most vendors out of any stadium that I've come across. Food, merchandise, beer, etc. (sweet, we're still at 5 stars)Parking is FAR but if you don't mind the walk, which we didn't, you'll be all good (I'm knocking off a star for parking...because while I'm spry and can walk easily, others can't and the far parking is a pain in the vajay)The other thing that's gonna knock a star off is that for 4 large beers, the tab was $48. Yup, you heard me, $48 for 4 beers. I could probably buy 4 cases of beer for $48. It gets super crowded here, so get her early if you've got a ticket for the lawn (not taking off any stars because well, duh...it's the lawn, it gets crowded)
5	This is a beautiful intimate ballpark. We usually bring a blanket and our fan gear and sit out in the grass behind the outfield. Weather is usually beautiful for Spring Training, but last year we were hailed on! Still love coming out to see our Giants play in Arizona. Makes a great family get away in March or April.
4	What a great place to catch a ball game, people watch in the midst of Plastic USA (Scottsdale) and be within walking distance of an all day bender.Our favorite Phoenix ball park is Salt River Fields, but you can't beet Scottdale Stadium's location and short walk to the bars.
3	Scottsdale sure has "grown up" and expanded since 1997 when I left Arizona.  Parking for this stadium sucks.  There is a garage near by that is free but unless you know that the top and bottom levels are unlimited you are out of luck.  About 10 spaces on the bottom are reserved for police parking.The stadium is nice but bring your sunblock, very little shaded seating. If you are fair skinned like me it is pretty unbearable.Beers are $8.50 and soda/water is $5.  You can bring in bottled water as long as it is not opened OR you can bring in an empty bottle and fill it up at the drinking fountain.
4	Parking was free! Beautiful stadium! No shade on the stadium. Only shade was on the side eating area. Giving it 4 stars came for spring training and no tail gating :(  the parking lot is like a mall structure....old town is walking distance alot of souvenir spots
3	Giants need a new spring training park. It's cool and all, but nothing compared to the new cactus league yards. Yo Yo
4	First timer and I had a blast !!! Enjoyed a spring training game, Cubs vs. Giants. What a great way to celebrate the beginning of summer. It does get really hot (it's Arizona) so make sure to come early if you have general admission and grab a seat in the shade. There are many vendors walking around always offering lemonade, cold beer and yummy snacks!
4	We went to a couple of stadiums during our time in Arizona. This one had the youngest and most "spring break" vibe. (It was, coincidentally, spring break.) There were quite a few bachelorette party groups, and, by the end of the game, quite a few people looking quite tipsy. As is often the case, there were some people who didn't handle their alcohol well, and got out of hand. There were few children at the game and it was less of a family atmosphere. Overall, it had more of a "frat party" feel than any other baseball game I've ever been to.  We sat on the left field lawn and grabbed a seat near a tree that kept us in the shade for the first half of the game, which was nice, because when the shade was gone, it was quite hot in the sun.This is also one of the most expensive parks. The lawn seats (the cheapest available) were $30 on the weekend. That's more than the cheapest seats at Yankee Stadium, people! Maybe that's why we didn't see many families - $120 for a family of 4 is not a cheap afternoon outing.Make up for the high ticket cost by by bringing in your own food. Save money and eat better. There didn't seem to be any limit, we saw people walking in with large bags of food from a nearby Trader Joe's. You can bring in nonalcoholic drinks in plastic bottles if they're factory-sealed. You can also bring in an empty water bottle. Most of the vendors will fill it with ice water for you if you ask nicely (or if you're buying something).  Enjoy the game!
4	Scottsdale Stadium is a great place to catch a spring training game! Even though its one of the older stadiums in the Cactus League, the City of Scottsdale, the Charros, and the Giants have done a great job of keeping it updated and providing an excellent gameday experience. Get there early if you want to park within a few blocks, otherwise be prepared to walk or catch one of the many pedicabs or golf carts offering rides to the stadium. Once you get in you'll realize that there is not a bad seat in the house, whether your right next to the field, up in the stands, or on the grass berm above the outfield. Food choices include ballpark favorites like hot dogs, chicken tenders, barbeques, and for the SF visitors, garlic fries. There are plenty of places to buy adult beverages and souvenirs.So what are you waiting for? Get out and enjoy a spring training game (or a fall league game) at Scottsdale Stadium today!
4	Easy in and out. Crazy expensive beer, just like the big leagues. Plenty of walking room and viewing spots. Place is crawling with people. I'll be back.
3	This is a gorgeous and well maintained Spring Training facility for the San Francisco Giants. At high noon, the sun faces left center and gets pretty brutal. I sat right of center, just a tad over from the Giants bullpen, and it was still burning hot - apply sunscreen liberally and stay hydrated. Vendors for beer and lemonade came around every inning for us grass people. Speaking of the grass too....bring a waterproof blanket? Everyone that sat in the grass got up with a wet spot of shame on their behind - pretty hilarious. Prices were a little higher at Scottsdale compared to other stadiums (boo), so we were pretty conservative on spending. If you can wait it out, Scottsdale has a fair amount of restaurants right outside the ballpark...but better yet, come prepared with some food of your own.If you are looking to get autographs, come early....but even still, the Giants weren't very autograph friendly. Hector Sanchez spent upwards of half an hour signing just over the dugout. And Brandon Belt signed for all of 5 minutes just farther down the line. It looked especially bad considering the Royals had 5-6 players at once signing...come on, can't be outdone at your own park! As for parking, check out the Scottsdale Civic Center Parking Garage - scored free parking there, woot! I was kind of nervous approaching the park when I saw a bunch of people offering their driveways for $15-20. But that might be for the later people.Still a pretty fun experience overall.
3	One of the better stadiums in the Cactus League, and that's not just because it's home to my Giants :)If you're not in the bleachers, the seats are fantastic. There is plenty of leg room, there are cup holders in the seats, and the awnings provide good shade. If you are in the bleachers or on the outfield grass, it's intensely crowded but still a pretty good time. The walkways are spacious and there is plenty of historical information on the team and the park.The food here is unusually good. The winner is the BBQ brisket or pulled pork that you can find behind home plate, but there are a couple of brat vendors that are fantastic. There's also dipped ice cream cones as well, which is a nice alternative to the standard vendor ice cream, as well as a cupcake stand which I haven't tried but looks good.The drive can be pretty bad as it's not close to the freeway and parking is horrendous. Thank goodness our annual Spring Training hotel is just a stone's throw away...
5	What's better than a baseball game in 72 degree weather in Arizona? Not to much, huh? The Arizona Fall League is one of those things a true baseball fan or anyone looking for a cheap day out can enjoy. $8 for an adult ticket, pick your seat anywhere and enjoy the future of MLB playing in the warm AZ sun. Scottsdale stadium is clean, the staff is super friendly and it's not uncommon to make friends in the stands. Heck, if you wave at them- the players are always gonna throw you a game ball too. (Got Maddi her first baseball)
5	call me biased but I love Scottsdale stadium. The home of my San Francisco Giants spring training and the Scottsdale scorpions for AFL. The prices to catch game are little pricer than the other spring training stadiums but well worth it. The food is some of the best in Cactus League. Fan favorite is the wok shop and the guy who shout "lemonade lemonade like grandma made." So many memories are made here every year. I would highly recommend for any baseball fan to come check out an AFL game once in your lifetime. Subsidized by the MLB tickets are dirt cheap and fun to watch the future stars of all teams play. The concession are limited at this time, but there is plenty of places around the stadium to go after either game.
