2	What a sad, outdated grocery store. It tries hard to stay clean (which it generally does) and please its customers (which it can), but it cannot compete with the nicer stores in the area. In fact, Fry's has a much better competing store a mile away, at Main and Alma School.The meat section is ok but it doesn't shine when it comes to quality and selection. The deli is questionable at best, and the bakery doesn't stock much. The produce section is typically Fry's, which means you won't find anything special here, and the prices are not fantastic. There is a tiny floral section and a full pharmacy.The worst part of the store is the parking lot. It's easy to access, but once you're inside, plan on bumping over multiple speed bumps and waiting for several other slow and unmotivated drivers. The store does not police its entrance well, so it's not uncommon for someone to park in the throughway right in front of the entrance. They didn't have cart corrals in the parking lot for years, but about a year ago, they took up many, many parking spots with tiny, cheap, poorly made corrals that no one uses anyway. This parking lot is chaos.
2	This poor Fry's is seriously outdated and depressing to shop at.  I loath going here, because it seriously depresses me to shop here.When I first moved here, I was used to seeing all of these really updated and nicely decorated Fry's and Safeways.  Clean, modern, inviting.  Lots of selection to choose from.  Eventually, I've come to shop at Fry's for the past few years, becuase it was closest to my house.  I really fell in love with the Frys by my old place at Ray and Rural.  That was my all time favorite location.But, this store just plain sucks.  It doesn't have what all the other Frys have..full meat and Deli, and all the fixings that have made me come to love Frys over the past few years.  This place really needs a makeover!The reason I DO go here is because A) they have a Bank of America in the entrance when I need to quickly get cash, and B) They have an SRP machine where I can pay my SRP bill.  These are the main 2 reasons I come here.  Shopping here is sporatic for me at best.
2	In serious need of a make over. A better produce section than Main&Alma School. But this store is very cramped.
2	I live about 2 blocks from here, which means..... I end up here about 3 times a week. It's the Fry's that time forgot... I try to make the best of the situation by trying to pretend I'm having some kind of retro experience, but the novelty of that is wearing off.  The selection is terrible, and they often run out of staples, like ohh. Half and Half.. or chicken. Completely.. out.. of chicken! LOL. How does that even happen?The staff members are all reaaaaaaally friendly though, and very helpful. Oh and the fried chicken isn't too terrible.. as far as grocery store fried chicken goes. :)
3	There's two older men here that are always in a lousy mood. They can't wait for 62. Andrea M. is correct about the cart corrals. One time I saw somebody hit a corral with their car and it broke into pieces and left a shattered mess of tubes and bolts. WTH?Kudos on the $4 prescriptions. Really saves us money in that dept. But I can only give 3 stars on account that their pricing for vegetables and other items is a ripoff. Why is there only one dollar sign showing above? People are SOOOO brainwashed into thinking that Fry's and Walmart save you money. For cheap and healthy food, I go to Food City on Alma School.
3	Liked the store unfortunately it is closing on Oct 16th
5	When i went to fry's today it was a great experience. looked like they just went under a re-model and i think it makes the place look much more clean and welcoming. Also, the staff there was very nice! since it was under remodel i had no clue where everything was and the front end manager helped me out! very sweet nice people working there!
