4	I go here to get my hair cut because it's nearby, it's cheap, they do a good job, and everyone is friendly.  They only do walk-ins, so make sure to grab a number when you get there.  Sometimes the wait can get bad, like during Saturday afternoons, but normally I can get in and have someone cutting my hair within 15 minutes or so.For $13 you'll get a haircut and they'll shave the back of your neck with a straight razor.  Just make sure to bring cash - they don't take credit cards.
4	The only Barber I use! You can get a haircut, shave, and eyebrows done for $13 bucks + tip. Hot shave cream on the back of your neck with a straight razor. Where else can you get this done? Judy cuts my hair and is friendly along with doing a great job. If she is not there Gilbert comes in second. Judy is more personable and remembers all about you. Gilbert has short-term memory and it reflects in his tip. The place is hit or miss on busyness. Sometime there can be 6-8 people deep. Time goes by pretty fast. They have good reading here, Road & Track, Outdoors, SI, but no Playboy or Penthouse.
4	Folks are nice and they do a good job. You can't beat the straight razor on the back for the money too. Worth the wait if they're a little busy.
4	I've been going to this same shop for about 6 yrs and they always do a great job. Have tried others but always seem to end up back here. Very friendly barbers no matter which one you get. As at any place the cuts can very a little but they are always good.PS: Make sure to give Larry and Sandy hard time :-)Joe S. Chandler AZ
5	Judy does a great job. I always wait for her and love the  result. Hot shaving cream with straight razor on sideburns and  neck, nothing better.  I' will continue to  go see Judy.
5	Dave and Judy are wonderful barbers who truly take pride in their work - and let me tell you, it certainly shows. They do an excellent job communicating with their customers, ensuring that each cut is perfect for each person. I have had both Dave and Judy cut my hair and they have both done an outstanding job talking me through what they're thinking before starting AND continuing to ask me questions all throughout the haircut. They place a lot of emphasis on getting you the perfect style.Additionally, once they're finished cutting your hair, they use a straight razor to shave your neck, around the ears, and they will even trim your eyebrows. They really go all-out to make you look as fresh as possible. Even though all of that sounds like it can't get any better, there's a kicker to all of this. Now I know what you're probably thinking right now: "C'mon Chad, you're pulling our chain... how can there possibly be a kicker to all of this?" Well let me tell you. The kicker is that this all-inclusive service that Dave and Judy provide only will set you back $15. Fifteen dollars. Where else can you get a better deal? My answer is 'not many places' which is why I'll undoubtedly be returning here for my next haircut in a short, few weeks.
5	Judy did a great 4 all over on my boyfriend. She took her time and he very much appreciated it! She's great! :)
