2	I've been convinced to re-write my review for this particular Walmart.  The previous review I wrote was pretty bad.  So allow me to begin again.This Walmart location is one of the teeny tiny, original designs.  The parking lot has so many huge dips and holes I sometimes think I am being forced to go spelunking in my car.  The old lady greeters at the front door are my favorite part of the experience because they remind me of grandma.  But they would probably mace me if I tried to run up and give them a hug.  They have a fabric department, which seems to be a feature that the newer, super walmarts are missing.  Unfortunately, the store is usually running a skeleton crew most of the time, so it's hard to find an employee in that section of the store who knows how to cut some fabric.  Most of the employees here are like most of the employees at any Walmart, underpaid, and overworked.  So it doesn't bother me too much when they frown at me.  I've been on the other side of the register before, so I know how soul crushing it can be.  Though, they may not be frowning at me because of that reason, they probably just know I'm an incredible dufus.  However, there is one employee there who is usually cashiering, and has this wonderful Russian accent.  She's also very friendly and cheery.  The other day she was telling me about growing her own basil, freezing it in ice cube trays with chicken stock, and then plopping the cubes in rice later on for flavoring.  Tricky, tricky!  Anyway, I guess I am more impressed by the larger Walmart in Monona that has the shopping cart escalators.  I could stand there all day and launch carts down that thing, it really revs up the dork in me.  But in the meantime, if I don't feel like heading over that way I could just stop at this Walmart to get maced by the grannies and listen to cooking recipes from Nina.
2	It is a walmart so i never expect much but i think this is the smallest walmart i have ever seen! the selection was slim to non. and the school supplies were all over the store.  I dont think that i would ever go back to this store! the cashiers were very slow and the managment semi unapproachable!
2	I live in Sun Prairie, but I drive to the east side of Madison Wal-mart instead of using this one about half the time. This store is SMALL. And OLD. In a word: dingy. It does have a fabric department (as does the east side Madison store), which is better than that giant thing in Monona (though that has underground parking, which I love). The employees at this location vary from indifferent to pretty helpful. The cashiers are mostly the former. Having done that exact job, I can relate.  They have a couple of small aisles with food stuffs (bread, cereal) and there are coolers in the front with milk and OJ, which is wonderful when all you need is some cheap fabric, a gallon of milk, and a tube of mascara. There are plans to build a new Wal-Mart right behind this one, then demolish this one and turn it into parking lot. I am waiting with baited breath.
2	This is a brand-new Walmart that was built right next to the old one. They are currently tearing down the old one and, if I remember right, are going to use that space as parking lot. I hope that is correct, especially after my visit today. I saw three separate vehicles (one on the way in and two on the way out) waiting for somebody to back up and open a spot. No big deal, right? Except that both cars sat and waited for a few minutes. I thought the first car was disabled because it sat there so long. The store itself is fine. It's a Super Walmart, so it has the grocery store side. It's a lot like the one in Monona, but without the fun underground parking (best thing I've ever seen in a Walmart) and escalator. I tried to check out using the self-checkout because it is faster when I only have ten items or so. Well, this self-checkout machine was troublesome. It kept telling me I had unauthorized items in bagging area (uh, it was the item I'd just slid over the laser) and then it said I had a restricted item and needed cashier approval to finish up and pay. I didn't have any alcohol, bullets, weapons, or cigarettes. I had a 2-pack of lighters, which was probably it, but why? At any rate, the guy monitoring the self-checkout had to come over and help me three different times. This was in no way faster than just going through a regular register. The cashier who helped me to checkout and a guy I asked about Nutella were both nice, but it was an overall frustrating experience. Having the last part be the worst part didn't help.
1	Well it's been 3 years since I last reviewed this Walmart.  Here we are now in 2014 and they've torn down the old, tiny Walmart building and erected a gigantor super Walmart just behind where the old one sat.  I'd like to dance and prance through fields of flowers and sing the praises of this new "super" Walmart, but I can't.  Have you ever been to a ghost town?  Have you ever been to a ghost store?  *Cue the creepy music*This super Walmart has all the usual stylings you find at most super Walmarts.  You know what else it has in common with other super Walmarts?  A skeleton crew.  There are 4 cashiers,manning the 20 check out lanes, and two customer service peeps behind the counter.  All the other employees are stretched as thin as possible to cover the rest of the store.  I'm in sporting goods, I need a fishing license.  Nope.  You will have to walk all the way back to customer service and request help.  They will then call for help in the sporting goods section over the PA.  Next step:  enter the grumpy, overworked employee.  This is the standard MO for all departments.  If you can't help yourself, you will be going on a hunt for the elusive, poorly treated employee.   This is not unusual for Wally world these days.  Many locations run on a skeleton crew, so the bazillionaire Waltons can save a buck.
3	The parking lot is all done now, so getting in and out is much less difficult. Either this place is set up oddly or I am because I can never find anything there. I wander around until either finding somebody or giving up (it's about 50/50).
