4	If you're a fan of Rao's at Caesars or the original in Harlem in NYC, then you know the Pellegrino family and their cooking.  Recently, Carla, the executive chef of Rao's and her husband, Frank, Jr., divorced...she got 10 family recipes in the settlement and has installed her sister who has been by her side at the stoves for the past 10 years along with brother in law, Walter, to run the front of house.Why the name?  Bratalian combines her Brazilian roots (she was born in Rio), with her Italian heritage...but make no mistake, there is nothing Brazilian on the menu.Carla will be opening a new restaurant at the newly renovated Tropicana shortly, she reported - and given its Miami Beach theme by the pool, I'm guessing that's where the Rio flare may begin to show.Most important to know is that while they're newly opened, their liquor license isn't in place until mid April - so it's BYOB, and diners can benefit from no corkage fee for their first month.  One visit isn't enough for a review - but since it wasn't listed yet,  I wanted to get the word out.  The location is where the former Chef's Palate used to be - a nice sized 100+ seat spot on southern Eastern, near Horizon Ridge, as you head to Anthem and Seven Hills.  With the pleasant weather, you can dine on their small but rare patio.They're open for lunch and dinner.  Dishes are classic neopolitan fare - antipasti, primi, secondi and desserts.  We wish them great luck and are thrilled she chose to not only stay in town but to bring her culinary talents to our local neighborhood... p.s. Pasta is not made from scratch but dried.  Marinara sat in the bain marie a little too long which made sauce too salty, but this was just first try...there are lots of dishes to try.
5	My fiancee and I decided to dine at Bratalian last nite and were pleasantly surprised.  Being locals that are from Chicago, we find it quite difficult to locate quality restaurants outside casinos.  We are frequent diners at Todd's, Roma, etc.  We also enjoyed Chef's Palate and were saddened by its decline.  The location is ideal, on Eastern with a small patio.  The dishes were very well prepared.  My fiancee had the chicken scappelino and I had the linguine with clams.  Salad for appetizer.  Kinks need to be worked out, ventilation issues with the kitchen, but overall the experience was excellent.  We look forward to eating there again and will be definitely back before the free corkage ends.  I highly recommend this location.
3	This place just opened up and I love Italian food so I had to try it. First impression: Well they advertise lunch being from 11am-3pm and I arrived a little late (about 5 minutes till three), so I was turned away. The next day I came back at around 2pm for lunch. I opened the door and when I started to walk in I tripped over something in the doorway; it was a giant sandbag! Granted it was a windy day but you should put up a sign saying "use other door" or something to that extent. Luckily I was able to retain my balance but seriously, that could have been ugly! But anyways, on to the food and atmosphere. When I received the lunch menu the first thing I noticed was that the prices were the exact same as the dinner prices, only the menu was restricted! I thought this was odd but I ordered a Calamari appetizer and the Spaghetti and Meatballs for an entree anyway. First the bread came but again to my surprise there was no butter offered nor oil and vinegar, but it was fresh and soft so I ate it. The Calamari then arrived and it was excellent; lightly breaded, not over cooked, and the marinara was light and flavorful but not overwhelming. Lastly the Spaghetti and Meatballs came and for what they were priced at I was not impressed. The Meatball was slightly undercooked and the pasta was tougher than should have been. The atmosphere was not appealing to me at all; maybe it was just the fancy business people there talking about firing their underlings and drinking their eight dollar sparkling water (I could go on for hours about sparkling water). The inside of the cafe looks nice, but it is located in a strip mall and seems very cramped. You get the feeling that you know what they were shooting for, but missed it by a bit. All in all this was a nice little Italian cafe but is not priced as such. I left paying around $40USD but felt as if I should have paid around $20-25. I think they were shooting for upscale with this place but missed the mark as the food was par and the environment was somewhat lacking. Maybe I'll try again diff rent day but for now ill leave 3-stars.
2	We went last night and when we got there found out they didn't have their liquor license yet so we went and bought wine and brought it in, which is fine, actually probobly saved money since we didn't have to buy there.  Then we waited.  Overall service was slow, Walter the general manager was rude, they were in the weeds and needed help even a bus boy would have helped a ton, and the food was just okay.To elaborate if you want to know more.  We probobly sat for 45 mins before being able to order appatizers, which was fine at first because I thought they were just giving us time to mingle but as the night went on realized they couldn't keep up.  Walter was our server (general manager).  I tried three different times to strike a conversation or get any type of personality or opinion out of him and he always responded with short monotoned answers like we were more of a pest then anything.   At that point I thought for how rude they are the food must be outstanding.  The decor I couldn't figure out, there are pictures of Carla everywhere but clothes hung up like on a clothes line (not classy), and siding on the back walls, so I thought we were maybe suppose to be in the backyard type atmopshere but the window had a curtain on it.  I know the decor shouldn't matter all that much but by that time I was irritiable and for the prices you are paying didn't feel like the decor matched.Then we finally ordered our meals and my friend asked to have some sausage with his and the general manager said and I quote, "Nope the chef will kill me."  So we just ordered them on the side and mixed them in but whatever I didn' think it was a tough request.I ordered a pasta with shrimp, which I was really looking forward to and it was just okay.  Way too much butter, just swimiming to the point that that was all you could taste.  My husband asked about the penne vodka which is suppose to be one of her signatures I believe or if the spaghetti and meatballs were better and Walter said Spaghetti which I thought was odd.We sat forever to get our check, and had mine and my husbands food boxed up.  When Walter brought the food back he put it on the floor, which I thought was weird as well.  I have never put anyone's leftovers on the floor in a like cvs bag.  We never actually got the check we had to flag him down to get him to take our credit card.  He asked about dessert but by that time we had been there 3 hours and 15 min and just wanted to leave.  What was even more annoying was there were people waiting to get a table and the restaurant was small so all they would have had to do was be much mroe attentive and we probobly would have only been there 1.5 to 2 hours tops.  Overall I would never go back, and beween us and the table next to us who we overheard don't think this place will last at all.  I give it a couple months unless they turn their service around.
1	Food was awesome. It was Raos without the wait. However the service was abysmal. I thought Gordon Ramsay was going to walk up  filming "Kitchen Nightmares." The appetizers were lost, water order forgotten, salads forgotten, main course of 4 shrimp came after 1.5 hour. Although tasty they forgot the sides. For 3 people $130. And yet, all I ate was 2 calamari and 4 shrimp. Will go back in future however  Carla better spend more time getting the front of the house improved or no one will care how great the food is.
2	Like many others I really want local businesses, and most especially local restaurants, to succeed.  Unfortunately, Bratalian is a long way from having the ingredients necessary for success. We made a reservation for this past Saturday night at 8 pm.  When we arrived, there was a crowd hovering around the door, waiting to check in for reservations.  The restaurant was full and it was clear that there was a bit of a traffic jam in service.  The gentleman who was greeting people and checking them in for reservations was also doing double duty as a waiter, so I was not put off by a short wait to see him.  He was, however, sufficiently brusque to the couple in front of us that they simply left. After assuring us several times that our table was almost ready, we were seated about twenty five minutes after our reservation.  We hD brought wine with us, which was opened promptly, and we got bread and water relatively quickly.  That was the high point.  It was clear that the restaurant staff was neither sufficiently numerous nor experienced to meet the demands that they were under.  Our waiter said several times to the neighboring table that there were still a number of kinks to be worked out.  He wasn't kidding. For appetizers we ordered a caprese salad and the fried calamari and zucchini.  The caprese was average. I would put it slightly below that served at settebello.  The fried calamari and zucchini, which was served with a good dipping sauce, would turn out to be the high point of the meal.  We got our appetizers reasonably promptly and were enjoying our wine. We had ordered our entrees at the same time as the appetizers:  two pasta dishes, the orrechiette with sausage and broccoli rabe, and the lemon butter sauced capellini  with shrimp.  We waited, and waited, and waited for two pretty straightforward pasta dishes.   Our waiter apologized repeatedly, but didn't seem to have any control or any ability to predict when we might get served. Finally, after an hour gap between appetizer and entree, our pastas finally arrived. Sadly, it was not worth the wait. The shrimp and lemon capellini, one of the most expensive pastas at $24, was essentially inedible.  First, the capellini had not even been cooked to reach the al dente stage (which I would have thought was virtually impossible with such a thin, delicate pasta).  Instead, it was still crunchy.  More critically, though, was the complete lack of balance in e dish.  It was overwhelmed by lemon, to the point of the sauce bearing a substantial resemblance to limencello.   The acid flavor was so pronounced as to make the dish impossible to eat.   We left three quarters of it, which our waiter (a nice guy trying hard) did not notice nor comment upon.  The orechiette was marginally better.  The sausage was tasty, but again, there was a lack of harmony; the bitterness of the broccoli rabe, which should have been a counterpoint, dominated the dish and again threw off what could have been an excellent combination. Others have described this as a good value.  I believe that that perception may be largely a function of the temporary BYO situation.  My salad was $12, and the pasta $24.  I think that is comparable to Todd's and not all that much cheaper than Scarpetta (again, with liquor taken out of the equation).  It is clearly pricier than Settebello even factoring in liquor at Settebello.  Any of these three are substantially better on both the food and service front. While dining, and during the prolonged wait, we had lots of time to look around  the dining room, and observed what is clearly a bad sign for a new restaurant:  additional people coming and leaving, put off by the scrum and lack of organization of the front of the house.  Even a worse sign was the  lack of smiles and contentment from fellow diners.  Those smiles and enjoyment are what a simple, delicious Italian restaurant like this aspires to be should deliver, and they were nowhere in evidence.  Although I will continue to root for the local option, I could not recommend Bratalian to fellow locals at this juncture.
2	My husband and I stopped by for dinner tonight. We ordered an appetizer platter(don't remember the name because it was Italian but it was the most expensive appetizer; $19) this appetizer alone is the reason I gave them two stars instead of one.  I ordered the orechiette with Italian sausage and broccoli rabe.  I first noticed that my dish was swimming in olive oil about one inch deep.  Forked up some pasta dripping with olive oil, took a bite, tasted like I bit into pure salt...thought maybe it's just salty and not mixed well enough.  Mixed tried a broccoli rabe, again salty.  I'm the type of person that will try and not complain about my food and I have never sent food back.  However the manager at that moment(I think he's the manager because he was dressed in a suit and greeting tables) stopped by and asked how everything was and I just whispered it's a little salty.  THe manager gave me a look(I felt very bad) and without a word took my plate and went to the kitchen.  I was very uncomfortable because I felt terrible but the dish was inedible.  A few minutes passed and the manager came and said we'll get you a new dish which was very kind but I was still uncomfortable because I could tell by the look of his face he was upset.  Anyways got my dish and noticed now that there was absolutely no salt.  But I will say I'd rather have it that way.  All in all I ended up taking a couple bites and that's about it.  My husband had spaghetti with meatballs and again heavy salt with the meatballs but at least his pasta was fine. As for the appetizer,  I guess the reason it was good was because there really wasn't any cooking involved.  Basically it was prosciutto, olives, garlic, and another meat of some sort. :). I will not go back again because I don't think paying someone $60+ to fill me with salt is  worth it...
3	We went there April 9th and well I had heard some nice comments about the food. I love Italian so bring it on! I had been here when it was chefs pallet so I knew it was small. I called and made a reservation for 830pm for 4 and at the last minute learned that my young niece would be joining so here we went 5. I arrived at the door and mentioned it to the guy at the door who looked around and said out loud" You said 4 now you got 5 I don't know"! and rolled his eyes. He was rude and running around. A thin guy with an accent. Granted it was busy and I would have waited a few but I felt it really was uncalled for. We were seated and brought our wine which with no corkage in April was great. The food was really decent- Mushroom Risotto was killer but a little pricey for this casual place at $25. My friend got the Veal Saltimbocca- very nicely done and pounded out. Penne El Vodka dish again very nicely done. Pros The food quality -and taste Chef Carla- nice lady Cons The doorman (heard he is family)- needs to learn manners. Waiter wouldn't compromise anything on the menu or add ran out of meatballs good wait for your food to come out Techno music with crackly speakers lighting needs to be adjusted- to bright in there.They need to be dimmed for dinner. There were misses but there is potential if they can work some of the bugs out.
5	The food was outrageous,finally really excellent Italian food in Las Vegas.Great NY. dishes baked clams (not the tiny fake little necks) excellent lasagna and real ricotta cheese cake and best of all real hard crust Itaian bread with delicious marinarra sauce. Comfortable,lively atmosphere They just received their wine license but many customers were bringing their own bottles, Service was great. Chef Carla was in and out of the kitchen and it was great to speak to her. We will be back. The food was just so good. Anyone from the NY metro area will just love eating here
5	I came in late, there were a few couples finishing their meals, so it was easy to get a seat.  I was just happy they would still serve us, and they had beer, Stella no less!Service was quick and the veal milanese was delicious, the bread is amazing, the meatballs were soft on the inside and a little crunchy on the outside which is how I like em.And the tiramasu!!Maybe the trick is to come when its not slammed. I loved the place.
1	Overpriced. Mediocre Italian food. Small wine list. Exorbitant corkage ($25). Inadequate wine glasses.Go to Ferraro's or Ventano's instead. I wish I had.
5	My wife and I love this place.  From the other reviews, it sounds like they may have had some challenges starting up, but our experience there was great both times.  We went later in the evening though.  The food was delicious.  I remember looking at my wife after the first bite and saying, "how in the world did they get that much flavor in just potatoes?!"  It was terrific.  We liked the decor.  I think their goal is to make it look more like a restaurant in Naples; something like stepping out of Henderson and into Italy for a while.  Hence the clothes hanging around and we liked that.I think there was one Yelper that complained about Walter.  We found him to be very fun.  My wife is a very friendly out-going person so she struck up a conversation with him easily.  He is quite an interesting guy with some interesting stories.  Maybe he responds differently to people who are not so friendly; I don't know, but he is one of the many reasons we find this place so charming.We had no complaints about the service.  We were not in any hurry either time we went; we were just enjoying being there.  But I don't recall anything taking longer than would be expected to reach our table.As for the prices.  Well, we are watching our budget closer than usual right now because we are buying a house in Anthem.  So, we are only going out to eat at fancy places on special occasions.  Even so, when it was our anniversary, Bratalian was the obvious choice for us since we enjoyed it so much the first time.  When we can afford to go to a nice place, they are at the top of our list.  The value and the overall experience is more than worth it.Love this place in every way and wishing them great success.
3	I'm so torn on how to rate this place. I loved the ambiance and service, but the food (at least what I had) was lacking.I stopped in here randomly one night as I've been wanting to try it since it opened. It was around 9:00pm on a weeknight and the place was pretty hopping. Everything from families with young kids being a little too loud to couples canoodling. And that kinda made it feel Italian or something.The place is rather small and decorated in a mix of an Italian home interior and exterior. There's cute little homey pieces around the place. And then there's also a clothes line complete with lingerie hanging up to dry. It all works kinda nicely.The bar area isn't really separated at all from the dining area and is rather small, but quite nice. As I was dining solo, I opted to sit at the bar.The menu had numerous options that sounded delicious. After seeing penne vodka, though, I knew I was going to have to go for that. The wine list was small, but decent - had a good glass of pinot noir. The bread they give you is plentiful and comes with olive oil and balsamic already mixed together for you (though, this was kind of a downer for me as I like to go heavy on the balsamic).When my pasta arrived, it wasn't plated anything different from what I throw together at home. And the portion was small, especially considering the price. But the worst part was that it tasted just like vodka sauce from the jar. I could've just gone to the grocery store and had virtually the same meal for a fraction of the cost. And that really sucks.I am curious, though, to see how this little place develops and grows. So maybe in a few months I'll come back and try out another menu item.
3	Bratalian had ups and downs on my maiden visit.  Overall the food was very good and sophisticated cuisine, and the service was more than adequate.  The ambiance was casual and somewhat charming with clothes on lines overhead.  But discordant notes were struck by reading the name of a former bar and grill on the table of the booth where my party sat, and being served Sprite poured out of a can into a glass filled with ice.  The cuisine is too alta cucina for canned sodas!Tortellini in Brodo was composed of soft and delicious tortellinis swimming in hot and quite tasty chicken broth.  Veal Scaloppine Alla Saltimbocca was delicious but barely an adequate portion for one, even taking into account the rather ordinary but filling mashed potatoes that accompanied this dish.  My wife and I opted for a side order of roasted potatoes, which were very good but a bit unusually shaped as tiny uniformly cut squares.  Tossing a number of these specimens of well-cooked potatoes in the mouth to savor them in one scoop solved the visual perception problem.  One of my tablemates enjoyed spaghetti and two large meatballs in marinara sauce; the only problem was only enough spaghetti to cover one meatball.  Gelato was good but not great.  One can order up to three flavors.All in all, this was a very good meal, even though head chef Carla Pellegrino was not in attendance.  But with so many fine Italian restaurants located in the Las Vegas valley, on this particular night Bratalian did not really distinguish itself from the pack.
5	06/19/11 DINNER.I had- Calamari in Umido: Stewed squid "sort-a" soup, with garlic bread to sop up the tomato sauce. Delicious!- Pollo Scarpariello: Had never had this particular dish before.A rather famous dish for this chef (history is easy to find), it was hot (w/ peppers), juicy, the chicken was lovely. Again, delicious!- Glasses of Pinot Grigio & Barbera. Both very nice wines by the glass.My spouse had- Fagioli, Cipolle & Tonno: Beans, onions and tuna, in a salad. A light dish, very nice.- Cotoletta di Maiale in Agrodolce: Pork chop covered in sweet peppers. The gravy ALONE was enough! Again, very well done.- Torta di Mele: Apple pie. Good desserts here, too!- Glass of Montopulciano and Pinot Grigio.All of my spouse's dinner, except the 2nd glass of wine, was part of a special prix fixe that's offered between 5 (the daily opening) and some future hour, we arrived at 5. A DEAL!Overall, this came off as really well-done American-style italian food, with some Italian-style thrown in there throughout the menu. I can't wait to return, for the meatballs (saw them going around the room, they're 2 HUGE meatballs, sheesh!) and the clams+mussels dish (those were very popular as well).
2	Okay...we tried Bratalian for the first time last night. The service from Walter was quite slow as it appeared he was the host and waiter. We split a salad and had Lasagna and Veal Saltimbocca for entrees. I found the food edible but not memorable like it is at Rao's. The Moretti beer and cannoli for dessert were probably the highlights of our dining experience. There is allot of competition just within a few mile radius so I am not sure how this restaurant will fare at their price point.
5	This place is very good!Started off with the calamari in umido! Well done. 2nd was the zuppa di cozze & vongole also very good. For the main coarse  Pollo scarpariello is excellent! Next my mother had the penne alla vodca also very good! So all in all a very nice dining experience! Cant wait to try the pork chop next time!
4	Bratalian has Italian food with a Brazilian flair.  The place has a great ambiance.  The servers are attentive.  The food is outstanding.  I have eaten there three times now.  Their meatballs are incredible.
4	Went there yesterday, have been waiting to try the place since it opened, and finally got my lazy ass to Henderson to give Chef P's menu a go.We got there at around 5:30pm and the place was pretty empty, we were seated promptly without reservations and offered a few menu options. We selected the Prefix menu. It was $33 for your choice of app, entree, dessert, and a glass of wine. I was planning on ordering an entree and dessert so the prefix menu made sense.We started with the caprese salad as an addition to the prefix menu, the Mozz was amazing, and the tomatoes were ripe and delicious, it may have been a little high on the price point, but it was a great starter.We also had a few baskets of bread...the bread was good, and they had 2 different types in the basket, one was Italian and one tasted like a sourdough, but both were good, and were served with olive oil and balsamic.I had the Meatballs to start...they were large and 2 were included in the order. I was expecting small little app sized, but no these were pretty big meatballs. They were a pork, veal, and beef combo, they were served in a red sauce that was good for bread dipping. The meatballs were cooked perfectly, they were a little on the greasy side,  but they were great.For my Entree I chose the Penne Alla Vodka, a large portion of al dente Penne tossed in an amazing Vodka Sauce with a little ham thrown in for good measure. When I ordered the Prefix I was expecting smaller portions but they didn't cut back at all.My dessert course was the Ricotta Cheese Cake, a big slice of cheese cake that was around 5" thick. The crust was amazing, and the ricotta cheese cake filling was fluffy and delicious. I was tempted to eat half of it and use the rest as a pillow for my food induced coma.The companion had a chicken dish who's name escapes me but it was really good, and the Tiramisu which was also amazing.The wait staff was a little slow, and there was a length of time between the apps being served and the entrees getting out of the kitchen, and the place was a little warm, but I can't really complain too much about them. My biggest complaint is that I waited this long to try Bratalian!
2	My husband and I  tried this restaurant for the first time  tonight.  The food was fantastic, the service was (I hate to say it) terrible.  I don't think they want it to be terrible, maybe their crowd was exceeding their staff, but when you're uncomfortable in the chair while waiting for drinks/food/check, the whole experience sours.  I don't think I need to go into details, but there is competition on Eastern and at the Strip at that price point for much better service.  We sincerely hope they work it out because they could have a great little local gem.
3	Good food.  The problem was the service.  The guys working the room were well-meaning and personable, but there was one guy working the bar and one guy working the whole floor!  The room was full and there the one guy had to greet and seat people and answer phones at the host stand, bus tables, run food, and take orders.  He just couldn't do it.  The bartender jumped out to help but for me if you have to constantly be looking around for a waiter, wait for food or drink or checkbacks, the spell of the meal is broken no matter how good the vittels.Another big problem is the room itself.  It faces west so as the sun sets in the evening, it blasts through the windows.  I was hot and blind throughout the meal.That said, it's a little local joint with good grub (and the worst wine list ever!  my wine was around 90 degrees.  had to throw a few ice cubes in there to make it drinkable.) so I'll round up from 2.5 to 3 stars.
4	Delicious!  This place has been on my list for awhile.  Very cozy and the staff was very attentive.  Started w/ the Arugula Salad, moved on to the Penne Alla Vodka and ended the night with the Cheesecake.  I let my server pick the wine, a lovely Chianti, and also had a Champagne/ Strawberry beverage... no complaints here and will most likely become a regular.  Enjoy!
3	A new Italian restaurant in the south.  The name is a combination of the owner's Brazilian and Italian heritage.  Simple decor in a new strip mall.  A nice looking selection of latin influence dishes.  I had the Osso Buco which was good but not great.  Prices a little high for the location and as others have commented, service was sporadic.
2	The food was ok but nothing special, overall way overpriced. In addition long waiting times and mediocre service. The table next to us had some pasta dish and I have never seen so much olive oil. The plate was half full of oil after they finished the pasta. Not worth the money, there are better Italian restaurants in the area for half the price.
5	The best Italian food in Henderson (did I mention they also won that award?)... But it's more than true! Great little place with amazing food.  Everything I've had so far has been delicious. The clams and mussels in a white wine garlic sauce are awesome (make sure you save some bread for dipping).  The spaghetti and meatballs are perfect. Cute spot to take a date or just relax at dinner with friends. Check it out!
1	We found the owners to be arrogant and nasty.  They were also the wait staff. The food was ordinary, but feeling anxious from the owners added to our poor meal. We were ignored most of the evening due to only having one bus boy and the 2 waiters/owners. We were so diassapointed since we had read about the good food. .The entire menu was ala carte, really $7 for a side of potatoes.at a local restaurant? We eat out often and were turned off by this establishment.
4	On Saturday evening my family enjoyed a meal together at Bratalian.  They had a coupon for their corkage fee, so my Mom and sister each brought a bottle of wine, while Nick & I decided to try out their wine list.We were pleasantly surprised to find their wine prices are very reasonable!  My husband and I shared each entree (we did three courses) and the portions were larger than I expected.I started with a very nice glass of prosecco and the fresh calamari in a red tomato sauce served with toasted bread.  Calamari was fresh and cooked perfectly, not rubbery at all, and the sauce had a nice kick to it.Next we tried the linguine with clams.  Linguine was al dente (yes!) and again the clams were fresh and tasty.For our third course we split the pork chop with peppers.  So glad we did!  Double cut, moist, and delish!  Desert was profiteroles with vanilla gelato and chocolate syrup, and they serve illy coffee.  My Dad's cheesecake was very good too.Very nice meal.  Atmosphere was nice, food was good quality, and the wine prices were very good.  I'd like to try again sometime!
5	Bratalian continues to be my favorite Italian restaurant in the Las Vegas valley.  Their lasagna is the best I have ever had.  Service is excellent, and I love the ambiance.
5	I'm just such a pushover for this style of cooking.  As much as I enjoy the fine dining restaurants, I will always come back to the classic Italian cooking I grew up with.  I love reading a menu where I want to order almost every single item.I started with the mussels and clams served in a white wine and garlic broth.  The shellfish was perfectly tender, but it was the broth that stole the show and I continued dipping my bread in it long after the rest was eaten.  One demerit for serving me a clam and two mussels that were still closed.For my entree, I order the penne alla vodka.  I used to avoid this dish in Italian restaurants, wondering why you would add such a relatively flavorless alcohol to a pasta dish and assuming it would be bland.  Did you know that certain flavors in tomatoes are only soluble in alcohol?  Well, I didn't until recently, but now it's my new favorite dish.  The tomato sauce has a touch of cream and some diced ham.  We also ordered the sweet and hot sausages over peppers and onions to split.  I mixed some of this in with my penne and was in heaven.  Of course it was enough food for two more meals, but I never complain at those kinds of leftovers.I enjoyed a nice wine with my dinner, but was too full for their somewhat standard dessert options.
2	Just ate there with my wife, so it was only the two of us. We made reservations, however, they were not needed, as we were the only people there. I hate being the only person in a restaurant, but I would imagine even more, the restaurant hates it when there is only one table occupied. (By the time we left, there was one other.) Anyway, it is a fairly small place in a small strip mall type environment. The prices are high, very high, the food is all labled in Italian, which I can't stand. You now have to read the description of most everything because who the hell knows Italian. Anyway, I ordered Chcken Parm, sort of what I almost always order when dining Italian, and my wife got some mixture of Shrimp, greens and pasta. Being and aficianado of Chicken Parm, I was quite surpised that all that was on my plate was a piece of chiken...usually there is a side of pasta...in fact always there is, until now. So $24 bucks for a chiken breast. My wifes was about $24 also. Anyway, food was OK, mine was very salty. The bill for only two was over $70 with tip. Honestly, I would not return. There are a few good Italian joints in Henderson, with better food and better prices. Also, service, which was prompt enough (we WERE the only ones there!)...finding any personalty or friendliness from the guys there was non-existant.
1	Bratalian was a complete waste of mine and my families time. The food was awful the service was non existent and the ambiance was mediocre at best. this place is a glorified pizzeria with food that was not even good to say the least. My wife got violently ill when we got home and was vomiting most of the night after eating the PEI mussels and the insalata di mare which both dishes was extremely tough and tasteless. I had the shrimp diavolo and it was pasty and dry and came with 4 (size 16/20) shrimps. Even the bread seemed old and stale like it was taken off a table before us and served. The service was a joke. All the server could talk about is how they were better than everybody else...lol, what a classless fool. Stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I just dined here for the second time and am officially in love! This restaurant has a wonderfully quaint atmosphere and a truly authentic Italian menu! The Fritto di calamari & zucchini and the Penne alla vodka are definite favorites, along with the profiteroles and the tirimisu:) I will be back again and again!
5	Fantastic food.  I had the risotto, my wife had the salmon and our friend had the chicken Marsala.  The service was terrific... I have absolutely no complaints and will go again soon!
2	Too small....too hot...sweaty service people....it may have some good dishes, we just didn't get one in our entire party.  If you must try this place, go after the sun goes down....their cooling system is a huge floor fan that is so noisy you can not hear the music background...and again, if you must go and see for yourself, I suggest dining in the bar area at the tall bistro tables (just two tables in there) you will not feel so crammed in as we did in the very small dining room.  Also, bring your own wine and bring the FREE corking coupon from their web site.  Wish I had read a menu as helpful as mine to you.
5	Cold, aloof, slow, arrogant are all adjectives I see when I go through some of the reviews. I came here for RW2012 and found that it was the exact opposite. I am not the type of guest who wants my waiter at my table the whole time. I come to a restaurant to enjoy the time I have with my friends and family. I want the service staff to be as invisible as possible. Besides the few courtesy check ins and polite chitchat when they feel appropriate, I want personal time. That is exactly what I got from Bratalian. My water was always full, clean silverware on my table, dirty plates removed, and a few questions about our experience thrown in made for a perfect night.I have had a love of anything Chef Carla puts out from the time my dad took me to RAO's. I have wanted to try her two restaurants, but have always been sidetracked by my forgetful nature. With a generous offering available for Restaurant Week, I had to give it a try. A big party is ideal to try this menu because it is the most generous and varied menu out there. Our party of three started out with the clams and mussels, calamari and zucchini, and  meatballs appetizers. All of them were delicious, but the clams and mussels were exceptional. I could have drank gallons of the broth made with white wine and garlic. The next course was paced to perfection. A few minutes after our plates were cleared, the spaghetti and meatballs, double cut pork chop with sweet and spicy peppers, and penne alla vodka came out. Yet again, no complaints. We ordered many of her specialties and I had no doubt it was going to be anything less than spectacular. Feeling stuffed, we still had the apple tart, ricotta cheesecake, and the tiramisu. I was in heaven. The cheesecake was light and fluffy. The caramel gelato on the apple tart was a perfect combination. The tiramisu was generous and pillow like. With a glass of red or white wine, this was a bargain. I would be happy to come back here for another meal.
4	This place was so great! I went here with 3 friends during Restaurant Week (which I highly recommend). It runs once a year and it basically entails the restaurant offering somewhat of a set Pri fix menu, a portion of the proceeds are then donated to a local charity.  So essentially we paid $30 for a 3 course meal.What I would recommend: The Tiramasu paired with some cappuccino and the Rigatone ala Vodka (amazing!) for an entree, also the meatballs as an appetizer are AMAZING! Also good was the cheesecake and the salmon.Not so much: This breaded chicken dish (the chicken is breaded and flattened like a pancake, not great).The atmosphere was super cute, a small place really nice for a date type outing and you are allowed to bring your own bottle of wine of which of course you must pay a corkage fee of about $10. Don't forget that proper etiquette dictates that you offer your server a taste of the wine when you are bringing your own.Overall great experience, very europeanesqe. Probably  not appropriate for young kids unless they have somewhat of a sophisticated palate.
5	We took advantage of restaurant week at this place. This is a nice clean restaurant which most true European restaurants are. We had great service by Walter who sat us. To the ones who say they were rude...I say this...This is not Olive Garden or the tacky restaurants when they write their name in crayon on your table. If you never been to the real Italy or New York, you might think it is rudeness but it is not. The food here was Awesome. I had the spaghetti with meatballs (yes, I know meatballs is an American thing but it is hard to find good ones). The red sauce was excellent! The calamari was great. Tiramisu which is either made right or wrong was spot on! The pork chop was supper tasty. I totally recommend this place and I will be back.
2	We thought the food was good but very expensive...which made it just ok.  Make sure you check your bill; we were charged double for desserts.  The waiter told us it happens all the time.  Won't be back anytime soon.
5	When you find a diamond in the ruff you want to keep it to yourself, yet in this case share with everyone in true authentic ltalian style. Bratalian Neopolitan Cantina is delightful and amazing My wife and I practically licked the plates the Lasagna was one of the top 3 best we ever had. Service was perfecto and the charm of the place is 100% Italian. For locals that remember how great Pasta Mia once was - Bratalian is nothing like them, Chef Carla elevates the palette while staying true to incredible ingredients. BRAVO!
5	This place is amazing.  My girl and I have dined here over a handful of times since they opened and have always loved it.  The food is amazing as well as the service.  Please try the seafood salad to start and the penne alla vodka after.  You will not be dissapointed.
5	This place is fabulous!  The service was so good it seemed like we were the only ones in the restaurant, although we were not.  They made sure our wine and water glasses were full all the time.  The food was hot and delicious!  Even better, it all came at the same time.  There were 8 of us so we had a large variety of things off the menu.  My husband and I had the pork chop.  It was seasoned to perfection.  The side of peas is also something you should not pass up.  We also had lasagne and several different kinds of pasta and some appetizers.  What a treat!  We can't wait to get back to Vegas to eat here again.
4	I really enjoyed this place. The music wasn't too loud, the lighting was just right, & decor was charming with a clothes line hanging across the ceiling. There were a ton of picts of Chef Carla Pellegrino -  Good thing she's gorgeous! My guy and I shared the INSALATA DI ARUGULA & PERA ( Baby Arugula, Bartlet pears, caramelized walnuts and shaved Parmesan cheese)  which I could eat every day of my life! When our entree's came out I almost fell out of my chair! Brace yourself cause the portions are humongo! PENNE ALLA VODKA  & POLLO ALLA MILANESE  (I'm getting ready to enjoy the leftovers for diner tonight!)Biscotti & cappuccinos for dessert! The service was great and prices were affordable.
3	We were wanting to visit since the resturant had a write up on the chef Carla Pellegrino.  The food was good, but took a very long time to get to the table. About 40 minutes after the salads and soup.  Chairs were very hard and too low  for the table height. Maybe add some thick coushons would help.  Bread was cold and hard with a thick flour topping.  Wished it was warmed with some soft butter.  The olive oil and wine vinegar was nice touch.  Dont think we would go bac. We live 36 miles in the NW and drove there to try it.  Not a WOW experience.....but decent for the money.
5	Love love love this place! Quaint, yummy & local-esque! From the personal service to the wonderful food, we will be back again and again!
2	Copy of thread from tonight's visit -- Gerard D. 2 hours later ... let me tell you something, if you're shorthanded in the kitchen, you should t-e-l-l your customers. Our server/the manager didn't - the old man caught an attitude ("every-ting isa cooked froma scratch") when asked (to which I reply, "fora the amount ofa time it took, you coulddda planted the seeds for the broccoli rabe) - and the owner (who happened to be there tonight) sat at a table with friends of hers and never got off her butt to even say hi. It's a good thing I was sitting with the most beautiful woman in the world ... or I might have something to say.21 minutes ago  Edited  LikeLisa Riccelli D.  ... and this is coming from a Brooklynite. We have been to Bratalian on several occasions. In my humble opinion, if you are going to have attitude, you better bring it! Good food, but not worth the wait or the attitude. We only left a tip because the junior waiter is so respectful. I have been married to my husband for 16 years. He has only shorted gratuity one other time and we dine out often. There was one chef in the kitchen, two waiters, no bartender (waiter served drinks), one junior waiter, and the owner sitting in the corner ignoring the guests to talk to some "club owners" Give me a break! The biggest meatballs in this restaurant are the one running it!
2	Amazingly Bad!  And only two stars because it used to be quite excellent.  I'm not sure what has occurred but within the last year, but it appears that this place has really cut down on all fronts. Service: Completely understaffed.  We had to wave a flag to get attention,, not because the staff was inattentive, but because they had wayyyyy to many tables to reasonably handle.Food: Also getting killed by budget cuts. Got the same chop plate as i did the last time and it was clearly a different, inferior cheap cut.In conclusion,, used to be an excellent place with nice portions and good service.  That being said, based upon how well populated the place was last night I'm sure they can resume the old level of staffing and service, and I am hoping we caught an off night with  some late staff cancellations.
3	My two friends and I dined here last night in support of Restaurant Week and had a wonderful time. The portions are extremely generous and the prices are wonderful. Great service and we really enjoyed the cozy atmosphere. We started our meal with a bottle of Rosso (red) vino: Estrancia Cabernet Sauvignon (2010). It was light and fruity.First Course: We shared the FRITTO DI CALAMARI & ZUCCHINI (nice flavor, okay calamari quality; I liked the julienne zucchini), ZUPPA DI COZZE & VONGOLE (PEI Mussels and Manila Clams in a tasty garlic white wine broth; just okay in the flavor department), and the POLPETTE TRADIZIONALI (gigantic meatballs made with beef, veal, and pork served in a tomato basil sauce; these were delicious and juicy, just a tad salty).Second Course: We tried the LINGUINI ALLE VONGOLE VERACI (sauce was similar to the appetizer, but better seasoned; pasta was cooked perfectly al dente), SALSA ALLA MARINARA with Linguine (San Marzano tomatoes made this simple but tasty marinara and again, perfect pasta), and SALMONE IN SALSA AL LIMONE (the salmon was cooked perfectly with wonderful crispy skin and the lemon butter sauce was nicely light).Third Course: Finished the meal with PROFITEROL (Pate Choux filled with French Vanilla gelato; good, but I don't like how the delicate pastry gets cold and tough from the frozen treat it's stuffed with), TORTA DI MELE (a really well-done and delicious French apple pie with very decadent Caramel gelato), and TORTA DI RICOTTA (ricotta cheesecake, beautifully light and airy with a delicious crumbly crust).Certainly not the best Italian food I've experienced (the desserts were pretty phenomenal though!), however, I love the neighborhood feel and the location is convenient. I look forward to trying other items.
4	Review is for Restaurant Week dinner menu.Glad we had a reservation. It was for 5:30 and the place was fairly empty, however several tables had reserved signs. We received a nice table by the window and within one hour the place was full. Don't know if it was due to restaurant week.The decor is whimsical with clothes lines and clothes hanging from the ceiling. Our server stated that the dryer was broke. Nice background music and many pictures of chef Carla around the room. Bratalian is a small cozy restaurant.The restaurant week menu had a number of choices and we narrowed it down to an antipasti of beans and tuna that was a great starter. An entree of crispy skin salmon which was excellent, cooked to my preference of doneness and served with a large portion of spinach. Also an entree of chicken piccata that was very tender and large enough to take home for a second meal. The deserts were ricotta cheesecake which was very good. Fresh apple pie with caramel gelato. The apple pie pie tasted like it was over cooked, it had a burnt taste. When mentioned to our server he apologized and offered us a box of cookies to take home. The service through out the meal was excellent. Water glasses refilled and dishes removed promptly. Bratalian is on our repeat list when we are in the mood to drive across town to Henderson.
4	Went here for the Las Vegas Restaurant Week after missing the chance last year.  The price was great for the menu they were offering.  Service was quick, food was fantastic; my favorite had to be a tie between my starter with the mussels and clams and my dessert which was the ricotta cheesecake... /drool.  The full menu they offer does give you this "authentic italian" cuisine with all the hard to pronounce nonsense included.  This does not distract from the exceptional food that this place is pushing out, definitely have to check it out again.
4	Excellent!Neighborhood Gem!We'd been here before a while back but decided we needed to go back again during Restaurant Week with a bunch of family and friends.Glad we did as it reminded us how good this place is.  Mind you... the manager is a little brusque (but can be nice too) so his "I'm in a hurry and let me check on that" flair adds to the ambiance.  Just don't take anything he does or says personally because he has lots of balls to juggle and he wants to touch each table personally and make sure they are 'ok'.They have the usual pasta dishes that are really good and big enough to take home for lunch the next day... but frankly I really like their non-pasta dishes.Their lima beans, onions and tuna starter with a light lemon olive oil dressing is delightful.  Would totally order this again. The lima beans aren't what I usually think of as lima beans... these were creamy colored and light in texture.Definitely recommend ordering their meatball appetizer to share with the table.  It's meaty and flavorful and perfectly seasoned.... And they are big!  I had the chicken piccata and my chicken was juicy and I think I got 2 breasts... it covered the plate so I took half of it home and ate the other half for lunch the next day.  The spinach which was my side was perfectly prepared... not soggy... not mushy... not undercooked... but perfectly wilted.  So Good!My father in law ordered the salmon... the skin was seared and crispy and he loved it.  I got a small taste of the salmon and I think I'll be ordering that the next time I go too.My husband and mother in law ordered the chicken milanese but IMO... it wasn't as good as my chicken because it was fried and seemed to have dried out some because it was so thin.  They liked it but said they'd order something else next time.I can't remember what everyone else ordered because they were sitting too far away but everyone left raving about the food.It can get a little loud inside ... kinda like a big Italian family with everyone talking over each other.It's a small restaurant and I don't think their kitchen is very big... so don't expect a fast meal.Sit back... have some wine... and relax.
3	The menu is quite well done and the food quality is very good. The veal is superb. The service, on the other hand, is inferior. It is apparent that the restaurant is understaffed. One of the first rules of service is to keep your head on a swivel to see the broadest section of the house. This trait is not in evidence. Poor service will diminish a good dining experience much more readily than good food will enhance it.
5	Love the ambiance, the staff, the food. Everything about this place keeps me coming back month after month!!!
4	This place is fantastic!! It's located in a little plaza, so you don't expect what's inside. Once in the door you're automatically transported to a small village in Italy. The owner is from Rome and you can see his passion for his home country. The decor is lovely, and the wine list is nicely stocked. The food is fresh and on-point, none of that Italian-American crap. This reminds me of what my Nana used to make when I was younger. My husband had the Penne a la Vodka and I enjoyed the Ravioli. It's a bit pricey - especially my plate - $19.50 for 8 ravioli in a sage butter garlic sauce. The bread is fresh and the oil is top notch. The service cannot be surpassed. I wanted to sit and enjoy it for the rest of the night. I highly recommend this place, but save up for it and do the full 3 courses :D
3	Wanted to love this place as I had heard a lot of good things.  Initial feeling was good-decor was cute and menu appealing.  Server was very friendly and turned out to share a former hometown with my wife so easy conversation.  Food was a bit lackluster for the price-portions were good but preparation was a bit off.  Might have been because we went right around opening time but everything we ate was very salty-neither of us could really finish the meal (I had the pork chop with hot peppers, my wife had the mahi special).Might want to try again, but definitely would try different menu items.
4	This place use to be owned by a friend of mine when it was Chef's Palate, and I was quite sad to learn of the closing. We had some amazing dishes, so regardless of the cuisine choice, the dining experience alone had big shoes to fill in my opinion. Now, part of my nationality is Neapolitan, and my family can cook. As if the standard wasn't already set high. It was me, my other half, and our kids who are 11 and 15. We were in casual clothes without a reservation so I went inside to make sure that was appropriate. The waiter kindly looked at me, looked down at his own jeans, and replied with "well I am casual too, do you mind?" Even though it did look a little fancy, we still felt very welcomed. The menu is not so kid friendly and everything was written in Italian, followed by English. It intimated the younger one, until I reminded her you can always get spaghetti and meatballs. Which were awesome btw. Totally melt in your mouth style. My boyfriend had chicken scalopinni which was chicken, sausage, onions and peppers. I went with the special which was a mushroom gorgonzola risotto. The rice was cooked perfect but the flavor was different then most mushroom risottos I have treid. We also had the misto salad and the caesar salad. Skip the misto and double up on caesar, cuz it was the BOMB. We ended with apple crisp, tiramisu, and ricotta cheesecake. Yes, they all tasted as good as the pictures!Honestly the only downfall to this place was the bill. We did go all out (excluding drinks), but it still seemed steep to be $140 for 4 people. Maybe I will return on a date night, instead of a family dinner.
5	Great place. Good people. Don't be in a rush - it's  about 2 hours, so set some time aside.
2	Honestly this place kinda sucked. We were excited to try out a new place for restaurant week and settled on Bratalian because the menu had a lot to offer and we really enjoyed eating at Carla Pellegrinos other restaurant, Meatball Spot. And that's about all the positive things I can say in this review. Service was slllooooooowww and the place was never full. We only saw our waiter once all night: when he came by to take our orders AFTER the GM had already taken them. Weird. It took 20 minutes for our appetizers to come out. In a 90 minute (!) meal, our tiny 6 ounce waters were refilled once. The food:Clam and mussel appetizer: best dish of the night and that's not saying much. The clams and mussels were pretty good, but the sauce was way too salty. Fried zucchini and calamari: typical, except they forgot my marinara and when they remembered, it was cold. Chicken Milanese: the salad topping was fine, but nothing special. The chicken itself was beyond dry. I had 3 bites and figured I could put the leftover on a sandwich tomorrow with cheese and mustard and mayo. Spaghetti and meatballs: knocked down to meatBALL because it only came with one. The spaghetti was fine, but my husband didn't like how watery the sauce was. We both thought the meatball was good. Desserts (profiteroles and cheesecake): hard to screw this up but they were both frozen. And I don't just mean they were prepared ahead of time, I mean they were served to us frozen. The menu actually describes the profiteroles as being served with warm chocolate sauce, but mine was so cold it had formed a huge hard blob right on top. I'm not too picky about dessert, but the pastry puff was so hard and chewy, I couldn't even finish it. The cheesecake was comparable to what you could get at the grocery store. Overall, what a disappointment. We paid $30 each for a meal that was not even as good as Olive Garden. The second star is for the meatball and the GM who busted his ads waiting on every table while the three waiters screwed around in the corner. Definitely will not be back.
5	This is my knew favorite place. It is close to home and Yummy. We took a friend for dinner during Three Square food bank week, Eat Out Las Vegas. First course Salad.... so fresh and crisp. Second course Chicken Piccata... which was perfect and the Ricotta Cheesecake for desert, lovely, light and Airy. My son had Penne Vodka and that was as good as any restaurant I have been to on the strip or in New York. Who knew this little neighborhood restaurant competes with the big guns in town. Try it out, you won't be disappointed.
4	Probably some of the best Italian food I've ever had at a restaurant. Love the clothes lines and the family environment. Highly recommended.
3	This place is gourmet and amazing.  The selection is not as big as I expected and I was surprised to NOT find an eggplant dish on the menu.  They do have eggplant as a side, but not as a main dish.  For the theme with all the pasta, you would expect a better variety but I am sure if you asked they may accommodate your desire.The food here is very good and the prices are not overpriced.   I believe the value is about right.  We did bring a pasta dish home for our daughter and she said it was ok.  It was not off the chart, just average.  This place has an amazing ambiance and they try really hard to be gourmet, but there are something things not matter how hard you try, they are just going to be what they are.  I was going to just order some vegetables as I did not want any meat and the guy talked me into a pasta dish with butter and garlic with pepper flakes.  When I got the dish, it really was nothing special.  It was something I could have made at home and it would have tasted WAY better then what I got.  I had to ask for more pepper flakes, parmesan cheese and add salt and pepper to the dish to make it something I could somewhat enjoy.  It was a very bland pasta dish drowning in butter which once you took the pasta out of it, it was plain pasta.  The portion was plentiful but for the price there should have been more effort put in.Like I said, I could have done the same thing at home and enjoyed it way more as I would have seasoned the butter and garlic.  My wife enjoyed her fish and she likes the place so I am sure at some point we will go back there.  I hope the next experience is better then this last time.  We had been here a long time ago and really enjoyed it, so I was kind of disappointed as I expected a much better dish then what I got.I will probably give it another try and if the menu is still the same, I may  request something and see how accommodating they are.  I say give this place a try and post your opinion.  It is a place to at least try once.
1	I will put it briefly before I rant on: This place was terrible. The food was okay, but not worth the high prices or painfully poor service. I will never return here.So. My boyfriend and I have passed by this place countless times, and after reading some great reviews,  we were very excited to try it. When we finally did, our experience was almost depressing. The food was decent, but I wouldn't have paid for it what I did if I had known how unspectacular it would be. The service was ABYSMAL. The restaurant had only two tables seated when we walked in, but nevertheless, I have received better service at Carl's Jr. They took our wine orders and brought us some pretty crappy bread; it was cold and stale. We sat for nearly half an hour before anyone even took our order, despite having watched the two waiters (or perhaps one was a busser?) do nothing, and the manager (?) hang out with a couple near the bar. When the manager finally sauntered over to our table, he was not very friendly and rushed through the specials, leaving before we had a chance to order. It was an additional ten or fifteen minutes before the manager took our order while he returned to his BFFs near the bar. Our appetizer was the mussels and clams. They were actually quite nice, though nothing truly special. They were brought to us as another couple walked in and were allowed to seat themselves. The manager bringing us our clams stopped to greet them with our bowls in his hands. The new table was SERVED THEIR ENTREES BEFORE US. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! We only got a refill on our water when someone got close enough to our table so that I could ask for it, we weren't offered refills on our wine until the end of our meal. I have never wanted to dine and dash so hard in my life. I will never go back to this hole again.Oh yeah, I had the spnach and ricotta ravioli and my boyfriend had the shrimp risotto. Ravioli was bland but fine with salt and parmesan. His risotto was pretty good, but the shrimp was overcooked. Bye.
5	We discovered this gem not long after it opened, and it's one of our favorite places! Family run by celebrity Chef Carla Pellegrino, it's fantastic Strip quality food without the hassle if being on the strip. Standout dishes: Penne a la Vodka, Spaghetti as Meatballs, Ribeye with roasted tomatoes
5	The best Italian in Vegas ! Worth the trip if you don't live in Henderson! Great staff, great portions , good wine!! It's a must if and in Vegas Henderson! That's all that needs to be said!! Have the Peas!!
3	Food was delicious but the service on the other hand. The only server seemed to cater to the other regulars/ white folks. There portions are huge and we noticed everyone leaving with Togo boxes. We decided to order a few dishes and share them family style. The busboys we're great but the main server forgot to bring us back some bread. We were finished and were waiting for our check for over 15 min. The server was too busy conversing with one guest. When we finally got our check it took about another 10 min just for them to process my credit card. When we exited we we did not get a thanks like the other patrons had received.  Maybe the we did not get the best service because were shared our food and were the only Asians. I believe the only two servers were the owners and each asked if we wanted dessert.
5	After hearing about Bratalian for a while I finally made it there and it was well worth the wait. Wow, I had the wild mushroom risotto and lasagna. Best I've ever had. The manager was great and staff was very friendly. I highly recommend if you want really great Italian food.
5	Best Italian food in Las Vegas. Service is excellent. The seafood salad, tonno, or Umido are wonderful appetizers. For mains, I prefer the pork chop or Chicken Scarpietta. If I was eating pasta. I would have the Penne. Terrific terrific terrific. Corkage few low. Wine list needs expansion.
5	Best Italian food in Las Vegas. I found the prices to be very reasonable, the portion sizes were a very good value, and the food quality was fantastic. The manager was very personable and offered detailed recommendations for new diners based on our tastes. Hands down best meatballs in the city... It was an outstanding experience and I can't wait to go back!
5	Simply put, this is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. Upon my first visit, I was immediately taken by how good the food is. As a VERY picky eater, I get nervous trying new things that I'm not used to, but at my father's recommendation I tried the Chicken Scarpariello. It was amazing. The food was cooked to perfection, and it was a rather large portion as well. On a later visit I tried the pork chop (which at any other restaurant, I wouldn't enjoy) but it is easily one of the best dishes that I've eaten at any restaurant. The flavor is second to none. Overall, the food is a bit more expensive than some other restaurants nearby, but you definitely get your money's worth.The restaurant is definitely up and coming, as every time I've visited it gets busier and busier, but they manage to maintain a good level of service every time that I visit. Overall, Bratalian is a great restaurant and I would recommend it to locals and tourists alike.
5	Like a fine wine my frequent visits have aged into fine dining experiences! In addition to the stellar menu (hello clams & mussels appetizer - dip the bread in the sauce), the service continues to shatter expectations, consisting of friendly banter and adult beverages that start with a "V" ;)If you're thinking Italian, give this place a go... Walter and crew won't disappoint. Love it :)
4	I said we would give this place another try and here we are.  The menu had changed since our last visit, they do have an Eggplant along with other vegetables in a dish on the menu now.We came in & we were quickly greeted.  We were told to pick our table & the attention given was not bad.  The owner came around to talk to several tables around us but never came to ours until the end of the meal.  Every table that came in before us & after had a basket of bread on their table.  We were NEVER offered bread which is very disappointing.  We even ordered a salad and bread was never offered or brought.The place did have a good crowd, but unless you are a regular here, it seems like you are treated as a customer versus watching others being treated more like family.  I was not looking for special treatment but equal treatment to all customers since everyone there is spending money.  Why no one every asked if we wanted bread or brought the bread I am not sure.  We mainly only had one guy taking care of us with another guy checking in from time to time.Overall, this place really has great food.  Carla takes a lot of pride in her food preparation and it shows when it comes to the table.  The only other MINOR issue I had was very little support was given during the ordering process.  What I mean by this is every other place we have been too, when you order your food, steak, fish whatever, they normally let you know what sides it comes with and asks if you want anything else.  The Ribeye here comes with tomatoes but nothing else.  This was never told and no other side (potatoes, other vegetables, etc).  A place like this that carries itself with what seems to be such high standards, you would expect a little more interaction by the staff taking your order.Again, these are minor things which would not affect my decision to return to this place as I will, but it did make the difference between 5 stars and 3.5 if it were possible to give less then 4 stars.  They do try hard, I am not sure if they read Yelp but this is a place I would definitely return too and encourage readers to do the same, you will not be disappointed with the food.
2	We came to Bratalian for Restaurant Week 2014 and were very excited, given the excellent reviews. Although some aspects of our experience were good, overall it was weak enough that I don't think we'll be back. Service: We called at about 5:15 to make a reservation, but the line did that fax machine screechy sound. Okay, then! We'll take our chances! On the ride there (it's about 25 minutes away from us), we worried that the place would be packed because of Restaurant Week so we called. The hostess was very accommodating and cordial, promising us a table. When we arrived, however, our luck with service changed. We didn't have a single server. Our order was briskly taken by one waiter, the food was dropped by another, and our dessert order was taken and delivered by the manager. The place was pretty busy, but other tables seemed to have good service. We felt overlooked and kind of like nuisances! The biggest issue is that they added an 18% gratuity and then taxed it. This is not typical procedure for Restaurant Week and I resented not necessarily having the gratuity added (I guess), but being taxed on it - I think - is in bad form. Food: From the Restaurant Week menu, we had the meatballs and fried calimari and zuchinni to start. Then, for our entrees, we had the linguine clams and the salmon with a lemon-butter sauce. For dessert, we had the profiteroles and the ricotta cheesecake. I thought the food was fine. The fried calamari didn't have much seasoning and was overly greasy; the dipping sauce on the side was a simple, plain marinara. If the calimari is going to be so plain, at least offer something a bit zestier for dipping. The meatballs were below average. They are VERY large, but, again, there wasn't much flavor. They were also a bit dense and dry; we were hoping for plump, juicy meatballs. The entrees were much better. The clams in the linguine were big and so flavorful. My salmon was probably the best part. The skin was crispy, the fish was cooked perfectly, the lemon-butter was succulent, and the sauteed spinach was a lovely compliment. If I come back, I would get the same entree. I was really looking forward to dessert because of other reviews, but I gotta say, the ricotta cheesecake didn't live up to the hype. I thought it was too dense and bread-y. The flavor was fine, but I didn't finish it because of the density. It was like a having a mouthful of wet sand! The profiteroles that my boyfriend ordered were good. The pastry was flaky and what can go wrong with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce?We had a half carafe of red wine along with our food, which gave us about 3 glasses total. Atmosphere: It's a small restaurant, but it's very cute. It's decorated perfectly and arranged so that it's size is not a problem. It's lively - lots of groups. There were a few slip-ups that night: a tray of dishes crashed, the smoke alarm went off in the kitchen. No major issues, really. Just added to the fun. The biggest "atmosphere" problem for me is the broken lock on the women's room door. I struggled to get out of that bathroom for like five minutes, which doesn't seem like a long time until that's the amount of minutes you spend involuntarily in a bathroom. I had almost resigned myself to my new life as a bathroom-dweller, about to start fashioning a bed out of toilet paper, when I finally escaped. Bratalian, you've got to fix the door. Overall, it was just okay. The service was unexceptional and simply got the job done. The food was fine. Unfortunately, that's not really enough to have me come back.
2	I have eaten here 3 times, only because it is a favorite of a friend of mine.I had a great meal once, a good meal once and a bad meal once (stay away from the chicken parm).My 2 star rating is because of this inconsistency.  It's the Forrest Gump theory "Life is like a box of chocolates... you never know what you're going to get."
5	This place is a hidden gem. Amazing service from the owners, they make you feel at home. The food is amazing for a very reasonable price. First time I ate the special which was monk fish wrapped in prosciutto with lemon spinach. We also had the fresh mozzarella and tomato salad. Hands down the best Mozzarella i've ever had. The 2nd time I had the 16oz Ribeye which was off the bone and huge. Cooked perfectly with olive oil and roasted tomatoes. top 3 steaks I've ever had. And don't get me started on the tiramisu. This came as a recommendation luckily because noone orders tiramisu. It was phenomenal. This place rocks and not a lot of people know about it.....yet.
5	Love this place!  The food is terrific!   Causal with good service.  Reasonably priced for the quality.
5	The food is exceptionally great. The salmon with spinach and the clam pasta are my favorite. They serve the largest, most juicy meatballs. It is evident that everything is made in house and it's a small family, run place. Just very charming. The service is fast and straight to the point. I'm reading reviews about the service not being great. I think that it's perfect. I appreciate their efficiency and no bs approach. The servers really know their stuff, they come off unapologetic for selling out of items, and don't bug you the way chain restaurants bouncy servers do. They are there when you need them and otherwise run a well managed business. The food, oh the food. Overall a true gem in Henderson.
5	This is our first 5 star rating, for perfection is hard to come by, but this place is certainly close! Both service and food are 5 star! The ambience is quaint and the decor transports you to a table on a street corner in Italy.  It has maybe 20 tables so weekend seating is limited.  The only drawback is seating is a bit uncomfortable and they do not have our favorite wine by the glass.Service is great, and the owner is always there to greet you and make sure you are having a great experience.We LOVE the amazing seafood salad! Fresh, light and overflowing with fresh chilled seafood! Everything we have tried here has been fantastic and the portions are very generous! Always leave with a to go box!
5	Becoming regulars here!  The service varies because some nights they're insanely busy and everyone is running around BUT the food is always delicious and priced much more reasonably than it could be. Their Sea bass special melts in your mouth.
4	Awesomeness. Hubby had sausage & peppers w/ capellini and I had chicken piccata with risotto....  The fresh warm bread was delicious!!!  It was just made too. We split a salad, and glad we did because the portions were very abundant. It was a very nice dinner. We were welcomed immediately and the hostess was very accommodating. Our server was well informed and had great suggestions. We wish Chef Carla would have been there for us to say hi. We will be back again and again....  It's always a great experience here!
5	We went here for the first time to celebrate a friends birthday. We were met by the owner, Walter, who was very courteous in accommodating our group and helping us with the menu. I had the Linguini and Clams, while my wife had the Chilean Sea Bass over Spinach. The food was absolutely amazing. We also had a dessert sampler since it was a birthday celebration and again, the taste was a home run. I recommend anyone to try this restaurant. It is family owned & run. The place is small, so I would recommend calling ahead for reservations. We look forward to returning again soon! Thanks again for a wonderful experience, Walter & Carla!
1	Just walked up to the restaurant and asked the young girl wiping place mats on the out door tables if they were open. She replied with a very snotty "nope!" And went back to wiping. I said "I am sorry, did you say nope?" She replied "yeah NOPE- open at 5:00pm" in the rudest tone. ummmm ok I will never ever come back if that is how the responses are toward possible new guests.
5	Wonderful romantic atmosphere, delicious unique menu, I love it!
5	Excellent boutique restaurant!Try their Burrata. You will be hard pressed to find mozzarella this good outside of Italy. It come perfectly garnished with grape tomatoes and arugula tossed in lemon and olive oil. The General Manager Walter is friendly and hands-on with the service. I don't get why people complain when management actively participates with the service in their restaurant.The food and ingredients are of high quality and prices are fair. I will be back!
5	Fantastic hidden gem in Henderson! Wine is Amazing, the owner Walter is a a delightfully entertaining & chef the prepares a 2 die 4 eggplant parmigiana! The appetizers are fantastic as well. Mozzarella balls w/ marinara ....*Boutique charm  *Comforting *Quaint *Delicious food
