4	I LOVE $9.88 Shoes! That's right ladies, I repeat $9.88 shoes! Woo hoo! The owner is super nice, and here is why: I went this morning at 9:15 figuring that they opened at 9, but they don't. They open at 9:30. And the owner saw me outside with my bottom lip hanging out in disappointment and invited me to come in early while they set up shop for the day. This simple act of kindness made my day since I had to go into work at 10 and wouldn't have nearly enough time to shop.I spent nearly a half hour there going through the aisles of shoes and came away with two cute, yet functional, pairs of flats. Their selection is amazing and they have all styles, including boots (which are slightly more at a whopping $12.88) in lots of trendy colors and patterns. Yes, the quality isn't the highest, but who cares, it's $9.88 for a pair! And you can buy 3 or 4 pairs with what you might spend on one pair of shoes. Go there. Now.
4	ye-ah! thanks to sweet jessica f. for sharing this place with me - you rock! i just got back from wholesale fashion shoes and i'm still in a fit of disbelief. every pair of shoes in the store really is $10.70 ($9.88 + tax). and they had everything from sandals to boots, flats to formal, pumps and even ed hardy knock off sneakers -  they really did have it all.you're not going to find name brands, and some of the shoes looked pretty cheap but who cares? i waded through the (literally) thousands of shoes and walked out with one pair. we'll see how long they last i guess. even if i were to wear these crazy cute, brown flats 3 times, i'll still feel like i won. and i'li definitely be heading back to wholesale fashion shoes in the next month or two ... my work has this funny no flip-flop rule so i'll definitely need to find some cute non-flip flop sandals for spring. given the loads of cute styles they had today, i'm bound to find something i love next time!oh and one other thing ... don't go shoe crazy here and end up with buyer's remorse ... they don't accept returns, only exchanges. happy shoe shopping!
3	I decided to venture out based on my girlfriend's recommendation and it was a fun excursion.  I saw a lot of shoes I liked ... but I couldn't get my fat feet into them!  I normally wear a 7-1/2 but there were very few in that size and when they were 7-1/2, I found myself looking for 8s and 9s in the same style to see if that would work.  If you have small feet - this may be the store for you!I consider my taste in shoes to be "provocative business" - high heels, but still very office friendly.  This place was a little short on their offerings in this "area" and I do not like flats.  So if I ever need something for a special occassion, I'll give this place another chance.  On the cheap is always a plus!!!
1	Unbelievably horrendous customer service......I was itching to visit this place since I spotted their ad when driving past a bus-stop. I finally get the chance this past Friday (03/26/10), as I pull up to the parking lot at approx 9am, after unloading my vehicle (two babies), I walk up to the front sign and notice that the hours list they will open at 9:30am. Sigh, oh well, there is a bank across the street which I need to visit in any case and make a mental note to be back promptly at 9:30am so I can get some 'cheap' shoes! Back to the store at 9:30 on the dot, only to dismount again and again I notice the door is still locked (searching the windows for any sign of life or at the very least a telephone number....no such luck). I google the name of WFS into my phone to retrieve their number and proceed to make contact..... Much to my surprise, a young lady answers the phone and I inform her that I am sitting here, waiting in the parking lot with two screaming kids and it is now 9:36am and they are still not open.... This young (very young) lady then informs me that they only open at 10am and also proceeds to inform me that she is the manager, the only person in the store and that she is currently waiting on another employee to arrive so that she may depart to go fill up her drawer & that the owner of this shop is not in town........TMI anyone!?!? I then kindly ask why there is no notification on their door/window listing this change in hours, 'the manager' then informs me that there really isn't a change in hours, they just open a half hour later. I proceed to inform the manager that there have already been (by my count) at least ten women that have been just as disappointed as I, in trying to walk into the same door within the past half hour (BASIC ARITHMETIC: 10 women x $10 Shoes = $100, in this kind of an economy, one should never turn this down). At promptly 9:58AM a paper is stuck on the front door notifying potential clients that WFS opens at 10am 'EVERYDAY'. At 10 am I walk into the store (2 babies in tow) and proceed to inform the manager that not only is it a security issue to be informing me that the owner is out of town and that she was the only one in the store (I have worked within the Finance industry for the past decade and am very familiar with security breaches).....but that she should have considered notifying her clients much in advance in the change of hours. After finding myself in a heated exchange of words, the manager informs me that I do not need to tell her what to do and that she is refusing me service. Before departing, I ask for her name, which she refuses. I then ask for the owners name and telephone, she then claims that the owner does not take phonecalls......is that so? (Note to self, retrieve the name of the owner via the internet)....but I must ask - WHATEVER HAPPENED TO 'THE CUSTOMERS ALWAYS COME FIRST?' I suppose the motto for Wholesale Fashion Shoes is: CHEAP SHOES, EVEN CHEAPER SERVICE!
5	I love this place!! Was surprised to read about the bad customer service because I have always had great servie! Especially the owner always attentive and recognizes me everytime!Like other reviewers said the selection is amazing but also not the greatest quality but come on ladies its 10 bucks! I must admit I stop in almost weekly (I have a problem with shoes...lol) I don't always get something because I am very picky but probably have 10 pairs from there and am very happy so far!
4	Oh my goodness!! You just gotta go.
1	Ghetto, cheap shoes and the quality right along with it.  There are stores in the (low end) malls that sell these shoes for much more, I'm sure, so no wonder some people think this is a steal.
3	Some girlfriends and I went here to find shoes for our friend's wedding. There was a wide selection and we were able to find shoes we liked. Yes the shoes were cheap, which means lower quality, but what the heck do you expect, they are $9.98! Unfortunately we went on a day that the trashiest of clientele chose to shop, and well, we ended up in the crossfire of an altercation between some angry ladies and the store owner. Other than the low class behavior exhibited by fellow shoppers, we walked away with loads of trendy shoes without breaking the bank.
5	9.88 for shoes??? you are whistling my tune!! MOST and i repeat MOST of the shoes are SUPER fugly, ghetto, and cheap looking. like so, so fugly. but some of them are awesome! and let's be honest, this place is basically across the street from a strip club and it's hella hood.....like, the girls in there may or may not have blue leopard print acrylic nails. but that's neither here nor there. this is about cheap shoes, and when it comes to cheap shoes you really can't be a complainer and you gotta know what you're getting. your shoes will not be badgley mischka (which, btw, last chance has a ton of right now). these shoes are what i like to call 'throw aways' so get those balls out of your mouth and grab a new pair of sandals for the summer!i got a pair of metallic thong flats and these super cute blue heels...they were velvet-y :) and super cute. and $10 so if they fall apart it's no sweat! but I think these will last a decent amount of time, i was bending them and smacking them against the counters...you know, testing them out, they are pretty tough. i don't like to wear my good shoes out so this is the perfect solution. so long as you don't buy the ugly crap. there were MAYBE 5 pairs of cute shoes in the whole store....maybe. the rest reminded me of strippers or bro-hos. worth checking out for sure!
3	I went there last week because I had some time to kill. The people that work there are super ghetto but what can you expect from a store like this. They had some decent shoes but you literally have to walk down EVERY aisle to find something you'd like unless your job is working the pole. I bought one pair of cute shoes. I guess the selection depends on the time you go, I'll probably give it another try in the future.
4	I love this place...shoes for $10...come.on how can you beat it?? Now.do not expect jimmy choos.or.anything but they have cute stufff...some styles are a little much and a little tacky but there is something for everyone...they tend to run out of.sizes quickly but they get shipments all the time too...it is unorganized but come on...$10 shoes its awesome...there are all types...stilletos, wedges, flats boots and more...they have some accessories too but not as many...i will always be a faithful lover of this place and.i hope.it.will.always be around...its great for.those.on a budget.and.still want some.cute shoes...go here!!!
1	This store is a rip off! I bought my girlfriend a pair of heels which were defective as while she wore them the fabric ripped right at the seam. When she tried to exchange them she was told she couldn't because they had been worn. This is absolutely unacceptable, I am starting to see that they are selling defective products and then not owning up to their responsibility to exchange them and go back to the manufacturer with the concern. I will be reporting this company to the BBB as I feel they are trying to pull a fast one on their customers who spend their hard earned money with this establishment.
4	$10.88 for any pair of shoes!! How can this be a bad thing? It is not, I have a ton of shoes from this place and I go here anytime I need to find something to match a new outfit. The place can get very packed and parking can be tricky, other than that, cool beans.
3	I picked up a pair of plain, sand low heel sandals for a wedding. So not a total loss since they can be worn all summer too. However, their shoes are defective and sized incorrectly. I am guessing they are Dept store returns. But hey it is what it is, and you just might find a great bargain here if you are a bargain hunter and very "patient" person.( 6 aisles stuffed and crowded with shoes) Even though this place is really not for me I will be fair and say if you love shoes of any type and you hoard them I would encourage you to stop by. Their shoes are only 11 bucks a pair. I was flabergasted when I asked the guy how much my shoes were and he told me 10 and change. However, this place has a lot of negatives for that cheap price so be prepared. This is not the place to go if you are looking for something very specific, which I was. This is a kind of you get what you get, ugly, busy, crowded, narrow aisles, hood store. This is not the place to go if you want a stress free shopping experience or to be fawned all over. (Pretty, pretty shopping, princesses won't like it here) It is bargain basement, help yourself, serviceless, free for all-lol! Two people can not pass each other in the aisle without touching so you can forget about trying on the shoes in the aisle. A man stepped on my toe so I left limping. People bring babies here too which I think is nuts. Also, this is not the place to go if you take a size 8 or other common size since they had none in the entire store. This is not the place to go to find easy parking. OK enough negatives you say, onto the positives. Did I mention the shoes were all less than 11 bucks a pair? Did I mention the man said they were moving next month into a bigger space. (Pray that is true because right now there is no way I would go back there without my depanic attack, claustrophobic reducer inhaler-lol! JK) Another positive, even though they had some of the strangest, ugliest shoes I have ever seen, they had some plain, common sandals and pumps too. Of course not in my size though, sigh! However, the guys say they get new shipments monthly and that they will even email you pictures of their fresh deliveries. So if you buy shoes just to buy them and you take a size 6-7 check it out. Also, the staff here was pretty nice.
3	Let's be honest. You get what you pay for. Any $10 shoe store is going to have its pros and cons. I've been here a few times and bought two pairs of shoes thus far. No complaints. I mean if you're looking for beautiful great quality shoes go to the mall...Nordstrom's...online etc. But if you need a quick fix and want to maximize your closets potential on a budget you can get some work done here. Shopping here is like thrift shopping. You can hit the jackpot if you're willing to take your time and understand you may have to revisit a couple times before you find the winning prize.  Its true many of the shoes are horrendously ugly but there's just enough of a selection from some cute options where you come back!
4	Ummmmm how have I never been to this place before???  When I heard there was a place that sold shoes for $10 a couple thoughts came to me.  First of all was, "I need to be there RIGHT NOW!" and the second was, "This is going to be dangerous....."  Disregarding the cautious voice in my head I decided to stop by anyway.  I told myself I was only going to buy one pair of shoes, some wedges, and that would be it.Walking in felt like a flashback to being 6 years old and walking into a candy store.  There were so many colors and choices and sparkly things and I just wanted to hug somebody!  I knew it was going to be a challenge to complete my mission of leaving with just one pair of shoes but I was determined to stick to it.  By sheer determination I accomplished that goal and found a cute pair of black and gold wedges that were just what I was looking for.  I made my purchase and waved a tearful goodbye to the rest of the shoes that I wanted but forced myself to hold off on, promising that I would return soon for the rest of them.  And return I will...
4	It will come as no surprise to any of my friends or co-workers that this store is one of my guilty pleasures.  First, the pros:SHOESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Lots and lots of SHOESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!Cheap.  omg so cheap ($10 each and about $20-$25 for boots)Cons:Yeah, it's a bit ghetto.  What do you want for $10?  Seriously.Some of the shoes - not all, but some - are really craptastic.  Be careful.  Try on both shoes and make sure they match and that the straps are not broken.  Look for brand names because they do have them.  No Jimmy Choos, but you spoiled bitches aren't shopping here anyway.Wall to wall insanity at 6 pm.  Unfortunately I am unable to come here earlier in the day because of work, so I am fighting for space with some of the shall we say "corn-fed" (aka larger) denizens of this fair city in and amongst the tall stacks of shoe boxes with a foot and a half of space. That being said...SHOESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Lots of options. It's a shame it's run by high school dropouts and losers. Been a million times. Brought a million friends. Had the front cashier hold a pair of shoes while i went through jewelry..checked out..got home..girl gave me the wrong shoes. Went back the next day for an exchange and the vato at the front acted like it was SUCH an inconvenience to do a simple exchange. The shoes aren't good enough here to deal with such people. Lost my business.
5	Imagine a large store with aisle after aisle stacked from floor to ceiling with shoes; flats, f*#@-me pumps, boots, any and every type of shoe and THEY ARE ALL $10.88!!! Can you say; Died and gone to Heaven?......
4	I've been here several times the past year and have had nothing but good luck finding shoes that are cute, inexpensive and last the entire season (I'm not to hard on my shoes). When you walk in, it is a bit crowded but that's ok with me as I'm there for one mission...shoes. The have shoe boxes to the cealing! The store has always been clean, organized and everyone is friendly to help. On my most recent trip I needed some flip flops for the summer, pool, work...I had such good luck. I found a few pair that will work perfect for the pool, a few I can wear to work and a few I can wear for every day. A few of them were even cheaper than the $10 price (SCORE). I also want to mention that all of the shoes I've purchased from here were comfortable!
5	If ur in to shoes this is a must! It's a shoe wounder land. a friend of mine took me here and I didn't want to leave the store.there is shoes in every corner I love this place
