3	Ok. Flavors were good. Like there Greek  Black Cherry. Staff was somewhat friendly. Where helpful put short answered. Some dispenser worked nicely put some where hard to get the yogurt out and others flowed way to fast and got all over hand when taking samples. Were out of a lot fruit. Which I load up on. The dry items they had refrigerated which caused them to stick and clump together. Will be back  thou after they been open for awhile. Really want to try their Maple Bacon Donut(nonfat) they have listed on website.
5	Best Froyo in Wisconsin!  Cant wait for them to open in Milwaukee
5	i LOVE the euro (tart) flavor with the boba pearls and fruit. it's also nice you get to try all the different flavors in little sample cups, but i still always end up getting the Euro. usually not too long of a wait even if it is crowded.
3	Read this as 3.5 stars.I really became semi-obsessed with the whole "serve yourself" frozen yogurt craze living in DC this past year. It's great--it's pricey, but great. HOWEVER, Forever Yogurt has a little trick so you can  get the best bang for your buck. Anyways--Flavors: Solid, but nothing more. Disappointing overall selection (especially compared with DC), and some flavors are always out. My personal favorite, though, is the pistachio cream. Irish Mint and Red Velvet are pretty solid, too. Odd note: I don't like red velvet cakes, but the froyo flavor? Fantastic.Toppings are pretty solid, but...where's the whipped cream!? At FroZENyo in DC, hot fudge is free--and you put it on afterwards. I wish these guys did that. Regardless, solid toppings that you'd expect to see most places. The boba pearls are pretty nasty and are artificially sweet--I'd totally suggest avoiding them!Now, here's my secret: Campus Special has a BOGO coupon on their website for Forever Yogurt. We use it every time we go. When you're cutting the price in half? This place is a bargain.
3	FINALLY! A self-serve frozen yogurt establishment on state street.Unfortunately, everyone else seems to have a similar sentiment. Or maybe it was my bad judgement to make my first visit to Forever Yogurt at 7:00pm on a Saturday evening on the day of a Badgers football game.The place was over-run with inebriated college students and the garbage was overflowing. It was clear that they weren't prepared to deal with so much service. They were running out of toppings, the tables weren't clean, and although they opened a second register, only one of them could take credit/debit (the other only took cash), so that didn't speed up the line at all.That being said, the frozen yogurt was tasty - I liked the Euro Tart + Lemon flavors.I would go back, just NEVER after a football game or late on a weekend night again.
1	So rude!!!
2	It's wonderful that State street finally has a self-serve frozen yogurt place. However, of all the frozen yogurt chains I've been to, this is definitely on the lower end. When I went, 3 of the machines were not functioning which therefore meant fewer flavor options. Also, they were out of most of their fruit toppings. Apart from the food aspect of the store, I found the overall atmosphere to be uncomfortable. When I entered, all of the tables were pushed together in the middle, which made for a very awkward seating arrangement.  There was no employee in sight. Finally after I filled my cup up with yogurt and toppings, an employee unenthusiastically came to the register to ring me up. He seemed to be the only one working. While I (about 2-3 others in the store too) was eating, the said employee actually left the store to take a smoke break, which seemed appalling. So even though I'm a huge fan of frozen yogurt, I think I'll stick to one of the three other options--Red Mango, Campus Candy, or Walgreens, when downtown Madison.
3	Pretty typical fro yo place.I like the toppings; they're always fresh. Also, I love the aspect of creating your own yogurt bowl.This place tops Campus Candy, although the price is still what made me slice 2 stars off. Otherwise, everything is pretty great!
4	Yogurt all the way!
5	Is it bad that I grab a cup before I head to study at the library ? I love self serve froyo ! There are always new flavors to try , unlimited toppings , cute soda bottles , and more. It's an understatement to say I am obsessed with Forever Yogurt. !!
3	YOLO FroYoI'm clearly in with the kids nowadays. The frozen yogurt phase will come and go but while it's here, Forever Yogurt is a decent place to dish it out. I recently tried their Salted Butter Popcorn flavor and well, there's a reason people shouldn't be able to serve themselves at these places. What I really appreciate here though are the plethora of topping choices. There are seriously like, 4 different cookie dough/brownie bit options. That's enough to totally counteract the fact that I'm trying to be healthier than ice cream from the Chocolate Shoppe on the next block.I usually pay $6 for a cup of toppings. EMBARRASSING.
3	I love self-serve froyo places, and forever yogurt is no exception.However, it doesn't really do much to stand out from the rest of the industry. The flavors are pretty standard, but they do have a great selection of toppings. I looove their mochi and popping bobas. For some reason, I just don't find their yogurt all that fresh. There's just something about the taste and texture that makes me feel like it's been sitting in the dispenser for a while.Anyways, given the poor selection of good froyo in Madison, this place is a solid option. If it was in any other city, I probably would have opted for something else.
4	BEST FROZEN YOGURT FLAVORS EVER.Pumpkin pie.Turtle caramel.Cake batter.Campfire marshmallow.Cinnamon cookie.Dutch chocolate.Marshmallow.Praline.Pistachio.Yup.
2	Cashier: Anything for you? Corey: Nope. Cashier: You didn't like any of our flavors? Corey: Mmmmmm, not really. Cashier: Really? Corey: YES, THEY'RE NOT GOOD! Jeeez, never has someone questioned me with such curiosity about crappy yogurt. The place was pretty unclean when I was in over the weekend, and even if I enjoyed the flavor (which you now know I didn't) the consistency of each was super watery. Yuck.
2	Blech.  Yogurt was runny and yet crystallized at the same time -- absolutely not the creamy fro yo that I love.  Store was dirty, lots of spillage.  I wouldn't suggest it unless you are desperate for a fro yo fix.
3	Forever Yogurt is a pretty pricey self-serve yogurt joint. I feel like most places run between $0.35-0.40/ounce, but here it is $0.45/ounce (unless you are a student).I like that they have sample cups available right near the dispensers that you can grab yourself. It is always awkward when the employees have to follow you around to help you with samples. It's also nice that you can grab as many sample cups as you want so that you don't have to mix flavors or reuse cups (which is actually really unsanitary if you think about it).There is a good selection of flavors, but nothing really seemed to appeal to me. I ended up sticking with the regular tart, with a little bit of the tropical tart. Everything else just seemed to be overly artificial. They have a nice variety of toppings as well, but I was deterred from trying out too many of them because of the price. I prefer Forever Yogurt over Menchies, but I don't know if it would be my yogurt joint of choice if there was a greater variety of these stores in the area.
