3	This is a chain of truck stops.  However the auto fueling area is run by Valero.  The gas is cheaper than many in the Las Vegas area, but there are those places who are less.  To get to this place, leave I-15 at the Speedway exit and head east till you see the Petro sign....
3	What makes this place stand out is that the Valero gas station is part of this mini mart and diner (I don't know if you'd really consider it a diner). It's a great pit stop if you're on the road, need to get gas, stop at a restroom, and grab a snack. Which is usually why I'm here on my way to UT from CA. I like that the restrooms are indoors, and fairly clean.
4	Easy in and out. has Diesel. Truck stop in the back if you need to park for a while (or fix your freakin truck in my case). Great little typical truck stop store. Some slot machines (right outside of the restrooms...who thought of that? My kids didn't want to leave them alone) But the real cous de gras? This location has a DUNKIN DONUTS inside. READ: Dunkaccino! For the win!
4	We were in the area for Aviation Nation at Nellis AFB, and were hoping that the food at a truck stop would be good. I wasn't hopeful about this location, as no one really mentioned much about the diner. The diner is actually bigger than it first appears. Our waitress was really friendly. We ordered a BBQ burger, and a BLT. The presentation was nice, as they arrived on silver skillets. The name of the diner is the 'Iron Skillet'. The burger was huge, and really flavorful. I ordered my BLT on sourdough, and it was also huge. The bacon on both items was plentiful and very crispy. Perfect! The food here is a bit on the pricey side, but we really enjoyed our lunch.
4	This is a great place to make a quick stop for coffee, snacks, or bathroom--not listed in any order.  I am impressed how clean the areas are always kept.  It's an easy off/on from the freeway.  It's not my normal gas up place, but it's a super stop for me.There's a not a whole lot to say about a Petro Center except they're pretty darn good!
4	Excellent buffet & cafe. Other nice thing is there's lots of CHP & Military personal who eat there. Food, price, service was all great.
5	[REVIEW FROM THE ROAD]Oh my god.  (Rental) Trucker Heaven!SITREPShift-change, and I'm riding shotgun once again, so I can say what an awesome travel-center I found Petrol to be.THE SET-UPWe got gas, but I went inside to buy a small cooler size of ice.  Pedro of Petrol, "you got your own container - and keeping things green with a reduced carbon footprint - so get the ice you need!" - and so I did!THE AMENITIESPerhaps it was because we were just outside Vegas, or perhaps because we were traveling that stretch of I-15 to Salt Lake City with a kicked-up truckers' presence, but dam if this place doesn't bring tons of services:* Private Shower stalls you can use;* A Full Washer & Dryer Center;* An Arcade Center;* A Slot Machine Center;* A Large Swanky Diner; and,* Of course, the Drink & Munchie CenterPretty pretty impressive for what basically amounts to a 1st Class Gas Station / Truck Stop.THE LOWDOWNGreat Stop for unexpected Munchie fun!
