5	I can't say enough good things about Kim and the service she provides.  We have a dog and a cat...one is elderly and the other has special needs.  She's always available when I need her, and I trust her entirely with them and our home.  She even texted me a picture of them to ease my worried mind.So, if you're looking for peace of mind while you're away, give her a call.  Denise Z.Maricopa, AZ
5	My wife and I had never left our dogs with anyone besides our family. We have known Kimberly (owner) for many years but had not used her services until this past weekend. I would not use anyone else again when needing a pet sitter. She treats your pets like family and not once did we worry. We got an awesome little photo update and card with treats when we arrived home. If you ever need a pet sitter in Maricopa this is the premier business to use!
5	If there were 5 more stars, Home Is Where the Hound Is would get all 10!!!!   I was just impressed from the minute Kimberly came to meet my two dogs before they would need to be watched by her.  You can tell that Kimberly is a pet lover, not just a business woman.  You can tell she honestly cares about the pets she watches, not just the money she makes by doing so.  Kimberly and her staff will make sure your pets are taken care of to your specifications.  And the best part is, they get to stay in the comfort of their own home and yard.  I trust Kimberly and her staff (as they are licensed and bonded) in my home with no question and with the care of my little furry angels. You can always know that when you are gone, HIWTHI will take care of your pets as if they were their own!  They will be happy to provide you with updates (pictures included) for those that worry about their pets when they are away.  And, when you come home, there is a cute personalized welcome home card and treats for the pets.  Seriously, I can't think of a more professional yet friendly, honest and dedicated company as HIWTHI.  If you need a pet sitter....you can trust Home Is Where the Hound Is!  (Oh, and HIWTHI/Kimberly goes above and beyond just feeding and walking your dogs, they offer so many other services; most of which are included in the price!)
