1	This starbucks is inside of Treasure island.  Apparently it is not a "real" starbucks as the employee had said.  So i waited in line for a good 5 minutes and when it was my turn, i went up, ordered a banana strawberry viviano and handed her a free coupon for it that i got in the mail.  She looked at it and with so much attitude the first thing that came outta her mouth was  " what IS that?" grabs it from my hand , looks at it and says, "we are not a real starbucks store.  We are owned by treasure island.  we are not a real starbucks store OKAY? You need to go to a REAL starbucks store. HERE" and hands me back my coupon.  What f*ing biatch.  the service in vegas is getting worse and worse!
1	This Starbucks is by far the worst location I have ever been to. Where a normal Starbucks will warm up your croissant, this one refuses to. This one boasts inflated prices and a minimal menu.  It has a long line due to a lack of a food court inside the Treasure Island.  The service is slow and inconsistent.
1	First of all - regardless of what the other three reviewers have stated - this particular location/address IS NOT inside or part of Treasure Island. It is one of two Starbucks located inside of Fashion Show Mall. One can clearly see this by looking at the map that the address generates off to the side of the listing (I've also double verified this against the Starbucks web site).See:http://www.starbucks.com/store/13318In any case, I ordered a dopio espresso machiatto. What I got was not a dopio espresso machiatto. Instead, I received a miniature version of a latte - served in one of those small cups. The entire cup was filled to the brim with steamed milk. Normally, I would stop, return the beverage, and have them re-make it - BUT I was watching the clock as I had to catch the hotel shuttle back to my hotel - which comes at a specific time - (and I was already cutting it close).FAIL!
1	Since this Starbucks is owned and operated by Treasure Island, they need to seriously burn this place down to the ground and build something more meaningful in it's place. Something like a blank wall, or a broken water faucet. This is the worst Starbucks in all of Las Vegas. We went there twice during our stay at the Treasure Island. My girlfriend works at Starbucks so she does the ordering for me since I aways call the drinks out incorrectly. They ask her for her name and she says, "Mari. M. A. R. I." When the cup comes out it says "Mary." Okay, an "I" and a "Y" sound alike, no harm there. The second time she says, "Mari. M A. R. I." And when that cup came out it said "Marie."Are you $%^&*$ kidding me. Where the hell did that last letter come from? So the employees can't spell. They can't make a decent cup of coffee either. And for the prices they charge you would assume that they could do either if not both. Also, none of them looked like they wanted to be there. While we waited forever for our drinks, one of the girls was leaning on the register tapping a pen heavily against the counter waiting for someone to order. Ridiculous. I won't waste another minute writing this review. Burn it to the ground. Fire the employees.
5	This is the Starbucks located at Fashion Show Mall near the Skechers store, not at Treasure Island.Staying at the Wynn I knew there was no Starbucks in the hotel. Being a major Starbucks junkie I was in the hunt for the nearest one. That happened to be right across the street (Thank goodness). Within ten minutes walking distance from the hotel. Definitely doable for the java fix.The staff was very friendly and after three visits I became that week's regular. Other than that same as any other Starbucks which is the quality of Starbucks I like. Always the same and always something you can count on.
3	I hadn't been to this Starbucks in a while because I don't frequent this mall that much, but popped in before a meeting at one of the retailers the other morning. First of all, it's around the corner from a soon-to-be-opened TopShop, that's just one star personally in my book. Ok, not really, but had I not gone to Starbucks I wouldn't have seen the TopShop and so now I'll always associate this location with the joy of discovering TopShop-TOPSHOP you guys!Ok the stars are really for improved service and design. LIke I said, I hadn't been here ina  while and it looks like the store underwent some remodeling to give it a more modern look and it was set up to make the traffic flow of the store better. If you've ever been in the Starbucks at McCarran (the one in C gate I think?)-they have it set up to have the line wrap around a display case and then go out the door for the least amount of confusion. Not to say that the line won't get long, but at least there's clear order on where you should be getting in line at. The 'Bux at the FS is set up this way and there is less "Is this where the line starts?" or "I know this old man didn't just cut me in line."I don't like 'Bux coffee in general because it always tastes burnt if I get it plain and I can't justify paying $3 for a small coffee full of sugar and dairy with a splash of coffee. My cappuccino on Friday was all foam. Literally like 3 ounces of coffee. I'm not sure why I risked a cappuccino-guess I shouldn't have tried to live on the edge. The staff was friendly nonetheless and my drink came out uick.If you're partial to Starbucks and are in this mall, this store has seen a recent major upgrade and there's plenty of seating outside of the store.
2	This Starbucks is owned by Treasure Island and not corporate-owned, so they do not have perks like receiving stars or free modifiers using the Starbucks card. They can take your card number off the mobile phone app though. I only went here every morning because of its convenience. It was real Starbucks (not just proudly brewing).I found the employees here friendly enough, but nothing more than absolutely necessary. There are no tables and chairs, so don't plan on sticking around. Get your coffee and move on. It's now the only Starbucks ON the street in this area of the strip. Just don't think you're going to have a religious experience with your morning cuppa joe.
3	This place is a def hit or miss!!Now I LOVE hazelnut iced coffee, and if you get a good cashier you have to be super nice and tell them to make it yummy... and for the most part they do. This recent vist after work SUCKED. The cashier was a bish and was not personable what so ever. Ill assume she was pissed bc she was 45 and working at a Starbucks in a mall!So here I am waiting in this BUSY location. Granted they should have more than 2 cashiers, but the place is TINY. Oh well, I waited about 3 mins for my drink, and of course it came out like SHIT but whatevs!Next time I come, hopefully I get the nice awkward girl who makes it excellent and says "Thank you"
1	I HATE YOU STARBUCKS! Well this one anyway!Ok I was giving you the benefit of the doubt, but oh no honey this time you DID ME DIRTY! So I ALWAYS order the same drink: Hazelnut iced coffee. Simple right? NOPE! The little douche cashier charges me for a hazelnut iced coffee breve... NO LITTLE HITA I DID NOT ASK FOR THAT! So I wait in the long line, 5 minutes later I look at the counter and my drink is just sitting there... wtff?! CALL MY NAME! I was standing close enough to hear everything.I got my drink and took a sip and it literally tasted like days old yucky coffee. I was super pissed, but why go back and say "Hey dbag, make this over? It tastes like shat bro!" No, you never know what they'll do to your drink. So here is my rant, I wasted money, time, and smiles on these little jerks!
