4	Healthy food. Open for breakfast/lunch/and dinner.  I often stop here for a quick dinner when I am too lazy to cook .  The menu includes salads, sandwiches, flatbread pizzas, rice bowls, etc.  The menu actually lists the nutritional content of each menu item.  You will see a lot of sweaty people in running shorts and tank tops here.  Oh yeah, it's good and pretty cheap.  The turkey burger (served with a side of cucumber salad) is excellent.  Their homemade granola is pretty damn good too.Note - the menu is hit or miss here.  The vegetarian options are all quite good, as is the salmon.  But the chicken tends to be dry and chewy - not good. I always get the grilled veggie wrap.  It's fantastic.
3	If I were a vegetarian or super health conscious, this place would absolutely rock.  However, being a normal guy, this place is decent.  I like the occasional salad as much as the next guy, and they've got good ones.  The chicken isn't the best, but I like their house made flatbread.  I'd  eat here again if I were in the area.
4	One day when my jeans were fitting a little snug (I think it was a day after Cheesecake Factory) I waddled my fat ass to Soma Express. This place has taken healthy eating and made it delicious - how about that?  Let me caveat it by mentioning it's not for everyone.  But if you're on a diet or are into low-fat, low-calorie and veggie options Soma Express is your place.  Highlights* Service and restaurant set-up is counter style ala Pei Wei.  * The people who work here are REALLY nice - which is something you just don't see much of these days.   * Fat grams, carb counts and calories are PRINTED on the menu - (omg I think I'm in LOVE, what a socially responsible restaurant?)* Free wifi - (lots of yuppies working on laptops here)I've had breakfast and lunch here and was pleased.  Omelet dishes are very healthy (think mixture of eggs and egg substitute) - mine was a sirloin steak and non-fat mozzarella cheese with cinnamon raisin toast, all with under 300 calories.  For lunch I've had their extra-lean and 99% lean turkey burgers served with baked French fries.  For those of you familiar with Topz in CA or Better Burger in NY - the taste is very similar, flavorful without the grease.  Soma is about as close as we get to those places for healthy burgers.  The menu had a number of veggie options (salads and burgers with tofu, eggplant, ahi tuna and salmon).Prices are little more than one would expect ($8 for a burger), but I for one don't mind paying a little extra for healthy quality.
5	So sad, so very sad...Even with consistent 4 star reviews on Yelp, Soma Express could not survive on the Camelback Corridor!  I went by for lunch today as I was craving their mirin soy glazed turkey salad and Soma's yummy baked sweet potato fries.  I can almost smell those fries as I am walking to the door... only to see a sign that says they are CLOSED!Rumor has it they are building a new Soma Express somewhere in Old Town, but until then, I guess I'll just have to make the trek to the original Soma at Tatum and Shea!
