4	I have the choice of shopping at Lowe's at the Providence Commons Shopping Center or just across the street, shopping at Home Depot in the Promenade on Providence shopping center... both are equal distance from my home.  In general, between the two, I prefer Lowe's. For one, I usually find good quality products at good prices.  Also, I find the Lowe's layout & store design to be slightly more aesthetically pleasing than Home Depot. I usually have a easier time finding what I need here regardless of whether I am looking for plants, pool supplies, outdoor furniture, gardening equipment, paint, caulking, appliances, etc. I have also rented a truck here and found that to be an easy and convenient solution for transporting oversize items home.A couple of years ago, I was shopping for a new dishwasher and found a nice Bosch at this store. The delivery & installation was quick and professionally done. I would certainly shop here again for appliances.
4	Its a Lowe's....huzzah!! It is a little less expensive than Home Depot, but the staff seems a little less interested in helping. I was building a chicken flattening machine in my basement last week, and no matter which member I asked for help, or tips they either laughed at me or just sort of kept walking. That is just rude. I may be new to North Carolina and maybe I'm not the most savy DIY guy but dammit all, if I want a chicken flattener in the comfort of my own home then someone should help me. Despite this obvious and painful snub, I always choose Lowe's over the Home depot which are practically equidistant from my chamber of chicken horrors,
1	Giving LOWE'S a 1 star for pricing of their tile jobs. We got a very reasonable  in-store estimate for re-tiling a small bathroom, around $700.  Then we paid $35 for an official estimate from Watson's flooring (subcontractor of Lowe's) but they used a sq footage for pricing which was over 20% more than the actual  size of the room, new estimate around $1000. LOWE'S explained that they use higher sq footage estimates on smaller jobs. Then when the job was underway for about 3 hours, we learned that it was taking more effort than anticipated to take out the tile, and we would be charged an additional $400 plus for labor and materials.  Finally, when the job was done,  I went to return the extra tiles, but I couldn't find  some of the extra tiles.  I should have checked the amount of all the supplies when they 1st arrived.  Though the job looks good, we ended up spending around $1400 for a 38 sq foot job, rather than  around $700, our original in-store  estimate.
