5	The restaurant is located inside a South Asian grocery store "ZamZam" The food here is absolutely delicious, draws flavors from Pakistani/Indian and Afghani cuisine and is reasonably priced. I would highly recommend the Mantoo and Chicken Tikka Masala. A must try!
5	Located in the back of Zam Zam Market.  Unassuming family-run restaurant catering to local Afghan and South Asian clientele. Gracious and solicitous service.  Don't let the drab decor put you off.  Food is fresh, authentic and delicious.  Mintoo is absolutely terrific.  A welcome dose of unpretentious international comfort food in Phoenix.
5	Looking for a quick fix for my middle eastern food craving while at lunch with my wife. This was so much more than I was expecting.  Located behind a little grocery store, it is operated by a young husband wife team and other family members. The service was fantastic and they were very helpful making recomendations. Let me preface this next statement with the fact that I eat alot of middle eastern cusine and travel alot for work all over the world and make it a point to try and find great food. This food was world class. Definitly best in Phoenix. I will be returning here often and bringing all my friends.
5	I've driven by this place a thousand times and never stopped in. Tonight I did, and I will definitely be returning! There are few places that blow me away on my first visit, and this place did just that. Hidden inside of ZamZam grocery, this quaint little restaurant more than makes up for their lack of jaw dropping decor with their mouthwatering selection of food at extremely reasonable prices. I ordered the Goat Karahi and a side of a garlic naan. It was some of the best Indian food I've ever had! The staff were very helpful and friendly, and took great care of me while I ate. You should definitely stop here if you're in the area (and even if you're not).
5	This place is amazing. I have traveled to the Middle East and India a number of times and I am so glad I found a place that makes authentic food from these regions. Someone said it catered to Arabic/Indian/Asian clientele... NO WAY. This place is great for everyone. The Nan is amazing, and without listing everything I just have to say it was all good. An added bonus- The waitress was so helpful with the menu- My coworker had never had this variety of food and she so dialed in what he would like, and he did!
4	Take Out review: I called around 7:45 on a Thursday night for some take out- mixed grill and mantu, which are dumplings from this region; something new to me. I always wanted to open up a restaurant serving dumplings from around the world. Mantu (or however you prefer to spell it, apparently there are several ways) would definitely be on the menu. Anyway, after a passenger pick up at PHX I make it to the restaurant around 8:25 and when I walk in, they are cleaning up for the night. I say I called in my order and have to wait about 10 min. I was trying to figure out whether they didn't place my order when I called, but all was forgiven when I got home to open up a very delicious mixed grill and mantu. The highlight for me was the dumplings- I don't know of any other places in the Valley that have them on the menu.I will be back- I saw a sign for a GRAND buffet on Sundays (Lord, help me) so that may be where you'll find me this Sunday.
5	The lamb is delicious. The owners are great. This is not your romantic dinner atmosphere, but hey who knows what can happen
5	What a treat!  I was looking for good Indian food and found the reviews on Yelp for Z Grill, and drove to the grocery on a Sunday evening just in case they were open. Turns out this is now a restaurant instead of a grill inside a grocery store.  This is how we stumbled upon the Sunday evening buffet. The atmosphere is totally "family-run business."  I believe the owner seated us, and was pleasantly attentive, but also friendly.  The experience at this place feels something like you are being welcomed into the owner's home for dinner. A beautiful young woman in brilliant emerald dupioni silk helped out.  There was a large table of what appeared to be cricket players, not something I am used to seeing in Phoenix restaurants.  Nor am I used to seeing restaurant patrons pray on prayer rugs, which one quietly did.  The room is quite darkly painted, and the decor quite utilitarian, quirky, which only adds to my expectation that this is going to be an authentic and delicious meal.  Not disappointed in that.  The buffet had been hit hard (hungry cricket players?) but there was still plenty and it was delicious.  I am not going to be good at recalling everything by name, but the dal was awesome, tandoori chicken flavorful and moist, a cream chicken dish even better.  Aloo gobi SO good, as was the chickpea dish (don't recall its name), nice tray of condiments, with ample cilantro sauce, and chopped cucumber salad.  There were more dishes I was too full to try including beef nihari, and maybe lamb or goat? Fragrant really long grain rice.  Water in a cooler.  Hot tea.  Sweet rice and Banana custard for dessert. This will be my go-to place from now on.  Can't wait to see the lunch menu.  Also saw some lovely naan being delivered to other tables, but was sadly too full to try some.
2	The food was ok. We went on a Sunday night. It was an all buffet night but some of the items were already gone. We got there at around 6:15pm. They had plenty of naan and rice but the key items were gone. I got to taste a little bit of the masala chicken and that was the best out of all the dishes. The place is very smoky inside as they do not have any exhaust for the extra smoke it seems. The servers didn't inform us about the buffet so we just sat there waiting for someone to help us until we flagged a server down and asked. I guess they just assumed we knew whatever the hell we were doing. The servers are super slow and the girl that works there needs some vitamins or something because she looks really tired. They were taking kids in and out of the kitchen, sometimes without shoes on which kinda made me wanna hurl.Oh, about that.., yes, I didn't hurl but I did go to the bathroom for a looooong time at around 11:30 that night. You get the idea. I am giving them 2 stars and not one because none of the other people at our table got sick. Just me.
2	As I sit here on an average day in Eugene I'm reviewing all the middling sort of restaurants that are sitting here on my to-review backlog. Pak is an interesting hole in the wall place that's a little hard to locate. Mango Lassi here is excellent and raised no qualms from me here. But the mixed large grill platter was an underwhelming array of 3 varieties of chicken and beef kebab. (To be fair I should have ordered a curry or any of the more tantalizing dishes on the menu but I went with a generic plate with a group of friends)All four kinds of kebab were pretty meh and each bite was more of a slog than a race for the next one. It tasted more like a Costco meal then a fine tuned dish with savory, tender, tasty elements. Aka alotta quantity and not a lot of quality.
3	We went to dinner here yesterday and, for a fair assessment, to the buffet dinner tonight.  I'm not quite sure what on the menu is Afghani; I would say that the overwhelming majority of the food served is Pakistani, which is similar to Indian in some respects, but definitely different and noticeably so to the experienced palate.  I saw no Indian food.First, decor.  The pictures in here show a bare, brick-walled seating area.  As plain and jarring as that may be, I wish the restaurant still looked like that.  Since those photos were taken, someone painted the place gray and dark red and the tables black.  These colors definitely should NOT be used in a restaurant and if you're someone easily influenced by your surroundings, it will add a depressing effect to your meal (then again, if you have weight to lose, that may not be a bad thing).  While there are some geographic-designed paintings on the wall with Arabic writing on them, the overall effect is to darken the place and give it the look of a nightclub, that's been opened during the day for some function.  The food itself is a mixed bag:  my partner had the chicken tikki masala.  One bite of it convinced me, that I made a huge mistake in not ordering it:  well-spiced; reasonable portion and incredibly tasty.  The only "mistake" was to serve it in a large, metal bowl, which gives the impression you're getting less than you are.  It's by no means a huge amount of food, but it's more than enough.  Both our dishes came with copious amount of na'an.  So rice was an absolute non-essential here.  My dish, however, was disappointing.  I got some goat dish and was surprised at what came out.  It came in a noticeably smaller bowl  (at the end of the meal, I could put my bowl comfortably inside his with room to spare and, as I said, his was hardly a large portion).  The food was green and thick, with a consistency between very thick pea soup and creamed spinach.  If there was goat in it, there wasn't much and it was completely shredded  (I THINK, I tasted shreds of meat).  There were absolutely no solid pieces of meat.  It was good, but it made me wonder whether there was some 1980s Pakistani version of the Wendy's commercial, where someone would ask annoyed, "Where's the Goat?" instead of where's the beef.The buffet today was very hit and miss.  As is typical for buffets, the best food wasn't there and I could have really kicked myself in the rear for not having the tikki masala, which tasted great on the one miserly forkful I had last night.  And, in an ironic repeat performance, there was a serving plate marked "Goat Paya" and inside was -- without exaggeration --- just broth and bones.  I don't know, whether someone picked out all the goat earlier; but this was just getting to be a bit frustrating.  The rest of the plates offered were good; just nothing "wow".The most positive aspect of the restaurant is the service, which is fast, friendly and very willing to explain or answer questions (or make recommendations).  Like yesterday, as we walked in today, there was one party, already done eating, and they left as we sat down.  I don't know whether it was just bad timing or typical, but I have the impression this place doesn't get crowded; and the few reviews here sort of bolster that assumption.This place is not cheap in comparison to similar restaurants in the Valley.  Buffet and the goat-that-got-away aside, the food is very good.  But I have to be completely honest in saying that the decor was the absolute killer for me.  I just feel "oppressed" sitting in that kind of color scheme and it imposed itself onto the meal.The accompanying store is very good for Indian and Pakistani products; but prices cannot compare to, say, Haji Baba, which may not have as big of a selection of Indian/Pakistani foods and spices, but which is better priced by a long shot.This restaurant has excellent potential; but as it stands now, it most likely will not impress Western --- and especially, American --- sensibilities much, mainly because of the decor, the lack of customers and food not universally recognized in  the Valley.  This is a shame, not only because Pakistani food deserves the attention, but also because the owners are making an obvious effort to please their customers.Make the trip here for good food; but keep a very open mind!
4	Upon hearing how much our family enjoys curry dishes, my coworker urged me to try this restaurant.  I am so glad we did and we enjoyed every bite.  My son and I arrived around noon and walked through the market to the restaurant and found no one in the dining area.  I walked over to the meat counter to ask if the restaurant was open, the butcher then alerted the staff in the kitchen there were customers in the dining area.  We were quickly seated to a table of our choice.  So far so good.The menu was worn and had several items crossed out with a marker indicating they no longer served those items.  That was okay.  There were still plenty for us to try. We ordered samosas for appetizer.  I ordered a eggplant dish (Bandanjan Eggplant) and boneless chicken handi which were both served with delicious naan.  My son ordered paneer masala which he really enjoyed.  The appetizer and main meal came out at the same time which again was ok because everything came pretty fast.  Realizing I had completely forgotten to ask the server to adjust the spice to mild, I knew I was going to be in trouble. After my first bite, I was pleasantly surprised to find the spice to be perfect - not terribly spicy and yet full of flavor. The only regret we have is that we weren't able to try everything on the menu!   I am definitely going to try beef nihari and mantu dumplings that everyone here has been raving about.  We will definitely be back.  We live 30 min. away but it's well worth a drive for this delicious find.
1	One star is too much.  This place sucks.  Food is not good, no service what soo ever and then to top that, the buffet is over priced.  Better to go to copper kettle in tempe.
5	Our office goes to Pak Afghan at least once a week and it's not hard to see why: the amazing food and excellent customer service. I've tried, at this point, almost everything on the menu, and everything is always fresh, delicious, and authentic.Some of my favorites are the Bandanjan Eggplant, Goat Karahi, and the Chicken Byrani, but the menu is solid all-around.We've gotten to know the owners just because of the sheer amount of times we go and they are really delightful and always incredibly friendly.
4	Went for the buffet on Sunday. All of the food is very traditional Pakistani. My fiancee is from Karachi and he and I loved it. I really liked the chicken handi and the bbq they had. The servers were overwhelmed but very helpful, as it was incredibly busy.
5	Without a doubt one of the best karahi dishes I have eaten. I ordered the beef karahi and the beef was extremely tender and full of flavor. You can taste all the flavors as they dance on your tongue.- well priced- friendly staff- good varietyWill definitely go back if I'm in AZ.
5	Best Indian food I have had in PHX
