4	You like German-style beers? I like very much (if you've seen Borat, you should read that with an accent of indeterminate, though somewhat eastern European, origin). Seasonals like Winterbock and Maibock are the best, but so is the Marzen, which I have heard pronounced 10 different ways, and that just by the bartenders. So I just point. Once I got so drunk there I went south a few blocks and made an appointment to get a tattoo at a place that made it clear it would not tattoo anyone clearly inebriated. Tattoo parlor gets 1 star for taking all the fun out of getting tattooed while drunk.
3	This was my first Gorden Biersch experience, which is kinda funny, since the original in Palo Alto, only a few miles away from my home. I went here for lunch as a compromise with a friend who wanted to watch the New Year's Day bowl games.We both saw the Pulled Pork Sandwich on the menu and decided it was the way to go. The sandwich came with a large serving of cole slaw and a mountain of pork with the top bun off to the side.Unfortunately, the slaw was completely tasteless. I really don't understand this...how is it possible to have tasteless cole slaw? There was cabbage...there was some white-ish stuff...no taste. The pulled pork itself was great, but had to eat some with a fork to make the bun usable.
4	This is a 2 story Gordon Biersch with outdoor seating on the 2nd floor balcony.  So that's where I sat for lunch.  Not a really exciting view, but it was nice out.I love the garlic fries there (Gordon Biersch in general)!
3	In my few trips to Tempe, I've found myself here more than once.  In fact at least once a trip.   I'm just not sure why. The first time I found myself in Arizona, this place seemed like an Oasis in the desert.  It wasn't super pricey, they brewed their own beer (my biggest weakness), and the food was not your typical menu.  The second time, they were out of their summer seasonal which began their downfall.  The menu is fairly run of the mill and a little overpriced for the portions you receive.  The food is bland and not exciting at all, except for the garlic fries (which have so much garlic on them that you can't enjoy them). That said, the atmosphere is nice.  The light sconces are make of barley and beers (kitschy but cute anyway).   And the service is good.  The other day, my sister and I had a good time with our waiter.  When we heard him say "wooder" we asked if he was from NY or NJ (northern, clearly he was a Giants fan) and got "Oh, NEW YORK!" as a response.  Then we discussed south Jersey shore towns.     One thing I've noticed is that their hosts always have a little bit of trouble getting their act together.  I know there are two room and outdoor seating, but come on...
4	OK so it's a chain.  I like it. Not all that terribly different from RAM brewery and the like, but the food is good and the beers are good...that's pretty much all I demand out of a brewpub.  The outdoor balcony seating offers a nice view of the main strip.  Service is generally good. I'd definitely come back here if I was back in town.
4	Garlic Fries.
2	This mega-chain brewery is nothing to call home about. If you want a cool brewery head to Four Peaks -- that's where it's at! Gordon Biersch is stuffy, over-priced and the servers have attitude. The food is mediocre considering the prices and the bar is ho-hum. The highlight? The second floor balcony, which is fun for people watching.
4	My parents stopped by campus when they arrived in Phoenix to take me out for lunch.   Their flight was a little delayed so that put us in a little bit of a time crunch as I had a little over an hour to eat and get to class.  We informed our server of this as soon as we sat down and they were very accommodating.  About 5 minutes after we placed our orders our food was on our table.  The Caesar salad was standard (I'm not really  a fan of creamy Caesar dressing)  but my father did enjoy his pulled pork sandwich.  While the food was nothing out of this world the lunch was quick and served its purpose and I would definitely return based on that.
3	Standard food - exactly what you'd expect from a restaurant with a brewery. They sell beer, lots of beer, so the food doesn't have to be amazing.The southwest rolls we ordered as an appetizer were great with a bit of a kick to them. My pecan crusted chicken was good, but not my favorite meal by any means. They have a large drink menu, which is nice for us non-beer drinkers. I especially liked the alcoholic raspberry iced tea.
2	Gordon Biersch has an upstairs outside patio, where you can sit and look down at Mill while enjoying food and beer. It's one of the few accommodations that drew me in - not to mention they have their own beer to sample. I chose the seasonal. It was pretty good, although very, very filling. I couldn't even drink 1/2 of it after having dinner (shrimp salad) and another beer (22 oz) prior to coming here. So, if you plan to drink their beer, make sure you bring your extra stomach along. You're gonna need it. As for the food, never had it. I can't speak to that, but it looks like serve American fare - like pizzas and burgers. They also have a very tempting dessert menu. I should know. My brother and I checked it out last night, after learning you get a free dessert on your birthday. Since it was a birthday for both of us, we contemplated getting one, like the apple bread pudding or the chocolate peanut butter cup pie. Service was beyond horrible. Sure, we were quickly shown to a table, but it took several moments for our server to come over. She took our drink orders and told us about the free dessert - after all, I did let her know it was a special day. My bro and I drank and talked, enjoying the night air. Yet when we decided to leave, we could not find our server anywhere. We waited. We looked around. We waited some more. We finally decided to get up and leave. We found her standing at the hostess table doing nothing. That's when she was like, "Do you guys want to close your tab out?" Uh, yeah. That's what we wanted 20 minutes ago, missy. So, we slapped down $15 (our tab was $14 for one beer and one Rum Runner - whoa) and left. "What if we had wanted something to eat?" my brother asked. "Yeah, I said. She didn't even check." We just shook our heads and both agreed we probably wouldn't ever go back. Or, if I did, I'd know not to set my expectations too high.On a more positive note: my brother did say it was the best Rum Runner he's ever had. That's gotta be worth something, right? I've had their mojitos before - meh. While I know they have a full bar, I think having their own in-house brewery is very cool.
2	The only thing cool about GB in Tempe is the old building it resides in. It has character and distinction in a sea of cookie cutter architecture. The food is decent and the beer is ok. I have been to 4 different GBs , 3 in Northern Cali and 1 in AZ, and they are equally mediocre  in quality. I guess chains really take the coolness out of places. I watched this show last night on McDonald's, as it highlighted the top 10 Mikey D's in the world, based on uniqueness. It ranged from Times Squares 4 story MD with a Broadway Marquee of lights facing 42nd street, to an MD designed like a huge Happy Meal in Dallas Texas.  The chain rule applies to GB and MD, cool exterior doesn't change the fact you still serve processed chain food.   Anyway, the highlight of my GB experience was when I went accidentally to the actual brewery in San Jose. I Google Map GB in the attempts to find one close to my hotel, low and behold, I showed up and it was the freakin' brewery! It smelled great, like roasted hops and barely, but it was closed so I couldn't get in. I all of  sudden felt like singing the Lavern and Shirley Theme Song as I walked in the parking lot looking for an open door.........Schlemiel, schlimazel, hasenpfeffer incorporated! I too felt like I worked at a brewery, just for one shining moment.
3	This place was great, except for the food.  The food was good, but it wasn't as good as I expected to be.  Maybe it was just what I got, the linguini.  Anyway, I thought the place was overall pretty good.  The service was definitely good and the atmosphere was good too.  We were at the second floor and had a good view of the Tempe, AZ strip with all the bars and clubs along the way.  Overall it was good. I'd go back, but wouldn't get the linguini. Oh yeah, this place has its own brewery too.  I tried their beer and didn't like it.  Id take a Heiniken or a Miller lite any day over what they had.  I rather order a milk than the Gordon Biersch beer they had,  and Im lactose intolerant.  Their beer tasted like rotten Guiness.
3	The beer selection is awesome!  I personally love to order the sampler, when I'm not driving of course.  When I ordered it last time, they were out of one of the beers, but they still charged me the full price for the sampler, which I think is unreasonable.  The food is pretty expensive.  It's very good, but it's not a favorite.  The salads are really the best thing on the menu.  Everything else is just mediocre.  Once again, besides the beer.  I do love the view and the location.  There's also an elevator for those who can't do the stairs.
3	I love their seared Ahi.  Good place to go if you have a group.   It's cool to sit out on the balcony and people watch on Mill.
4	I go to GB for the balcony and the hefeweisen.  One a warm sunny day there aren't many places I would rather relax.  Watching the people on Mill Ave as well as the planes flying into Phx can kill a few hours if you are bored.  The food is ok.  The hummus appetizer is usually a safe choice as is the pizza.
3	Even though those of us in the valley are blessed with all kinds of local brewery options, (Four Peaks, Sonora, Papago, etc.), sometimes I get a hankering to visit Gordon Biersch for one simple reason:  garlic fries.  I'll admit that all their food options, while good, scream out "I'm a menu item from a giant chain brewery" and lack that little something that makes it unique to your area.Over the years I think that the quality of their beer has gone downhill.  The only thing really drinkable here is the Marzen, along with a couple of their seasonal brews.  As for plusses of this place, I'd really recommend sitting on the patio/terrace, which is great for sitting on and watching all the goings on happening on Mill.  Another plus is the staff: HOT!  Thank the lord for the close proximity to ASU and a great talent pool for hiring.It may just be my tastes and likings, but Gordon Biersch is a bit too upscale for me.  It's tough to get out of these without spending over $25 on dinner and a couple of beers.  As far as breweries go, this is very family friendly, more so than the other options here in the valley.
1	"Gordon Biersch Swillery & Franchise"There, fixed it for them.These people need to be hit in the nuts with empty bottles of Anchor Steam and about the neck and chest with full bottles of Shiner Bock.  Take your restaurant concept to Chandler and bug out of the best piece of real estate on Mill Ave.
3	I gave Gordon Biersch 3 stars for their location and quality of brewed beer. I read some of the other reviews, and the theme is the same... not a great place, but a good location to view Mill Ave. from the balcony and some very good brewed beer.  Their second floor location is very cool. It's a good place to hang out if you've trolled up and down Mill Ave. and need to relax for a while.  Chrsty L. hit the nail on the head when she said she would never say "Hey, let's go to Gordon Biersch tonight."  I wouldn't say that either.  Food is just o.k.
4	yes, this is venue #2.... Its a great place to just relax, enjoy a beer balcony-style. Tempe is unique in a way that youre able to sit on a balcony above Mill Ave and watch the people and traffic below.Im a huge fan of day-drinking... oh wait Im a huge fan of drinking. Especially if i can spit on people.
3	This place has the nicest and most engaging bartenders I have had in quite some time. Absolutely friendly and welcoming. I sat down to watch the Suns beat the Grizz last night and was relatively by myself at the bar. My iPhone was dead so the usual texting and internet surfing to keep myself busy wasn't available. The girl bartender was pretty talkative and the guy behind the bar while kind of a douche was fairly interested in the game and asking me a lot of questions. It's not normal to go somewhere in Tempe and have a bartender do anything but ignore you.I ordered a Southwest Chicken Sandwich and about 5 minutes later the wrong order came out. She apologized and re-ordered the correct one and I watched her type rush in on the order. Well 33 minutes later (I read what time the ticket order was placed) my sandwich finally came. The other patrons around me were cracking jokes about me starving and such, the bartenders comped a couple beers, and I was pretty good spirited about it. When it finally came, I don't know if it was because of the built up anticipation or what, but that wasn't a very good $10 sandwich. A shitty processed chicken patty, red peppers, and some mayo don't exactly scream that a lot of thought went into it. My experience was so mixed that I really had to break it down to four categories. The service was top notch 5 stars, the food was a total let down and I'll give it 2 because it was still edible :) Kitchen service is shit 1 star, and the atmosphere is one of the best for watching the game, so 4 for that. overall 3 stars is fair.
3	This time I tried the Kobe Sliders and House Salad with the Marzen Vinaigrette. The sliders were just alright. Maybe I can't grok the supposed Kobe, but I couldn't see anything special about these. The House Salad was also just blah, most probably due to the completely tasteless vinaigrette. I thought they hadn't even put it on the top since I couldn't taste any dressing at all!The atmosphere and service are still pretty good, and the raspberry iced tea wasn't bad either. Again, meh.
3	What can I say about this place?Well, it's centrally located, it's a bit pricey and they have one good beer on tap.I was really into GB before their old brewer left them and used to roll there between classes for college fuel... They had a killin beer called the Dunkles, but it's existence is no more at the Tempe Location.I like the Marzen quite a bit as well.The food is good, but I believe it's priced about $3 more than it's worth, and for brewing their own beer, they charge more than any other bar on mill.  This is unacceptable since:A. Their beer is just good... not 4 peaks mouth watering.B. They only have 4 beers on tap.C. They brew it, and anyone who's worked at a brewery knows that beer costs in the range of $.25-$.75 a pint to make.This place is also inconsistent.  I don't know how many times I've sent back my garlic fries appetizer because they were cold, soggy and undercooked.  Many times, they threw the same fries back into the fryer and brought them back overcooked.  I have had many a free meal due to reasons like this or server incompetence. I have also run into a few bartenders there that have bad attitudes, and I do believe that the staff their has a pole shoved up their collective asses... except for the dude that served me yesterday. He was cool and an artist, but this is an exception and not a rule.I really want this place to be more, but it's a corporate eatery that brews it's own beer and that's it.  There's nothing special about it at all.  In fact, it attempts to be cooler than it is, and I believe it's operating under an antiquated business model that was concocted before Micro Brews flooded the market.    The place believes it has something special to offer, but with over priced mid grade beers, why not just go to four peaks, or a bar with a hip tap like papago?   They are cocky about the fact that they brew beer and spew out factoids about how Dan Biersch went to the renowned Weinstephaner brewing school in Germany.  Well I got news, Dan Biersch probably hasn't even stepped foot in the Tempe location and has no hand in their brewing practice other than the recipe he emailed to the brewmaster, so I don't give a rats ass about him. Go here if you want to hit up a Crapple B', Chili's, TGIF spot, because it is better.  If you want a personal belly warming beer experience... go somewhere else.
2	went here with a group from work and it was okay. the kobe sliders could have been better. i also had the crab stuffed shrimp and it was too salty.one really bad thing was the beer...the house beer i wanted was not available for what it felt like 30 mins as they were changing the tap. that was silly...i had to settle for another beer.
4	Gordon Biersch gets a 3 star for food alone but gets a bump for solid brewing and great location. The bartenders and waitresses are very attentive and and they're also very easy on the eyes. On a warm afternoon you can just enjoy the weather on their upstairs balconies overlooking Mill Ave and ASU.
2	First: This is the tallest restaurant I've ever been to.Second: They give pretty generous servings of beer in ironically tall glasses. Their wines are pretty good too.Third: Mr. Biersch's brewery and eatery, when it comes down to it, is really just a fancy version of BJ's minus the flatscreens projecting the latest sports event. The food isn't that great. Most American food restaurants fit within the nexus of the TGIFriday's scale: a fancy version of TGIFriday's being the best, Normal TGIFriday's being just TGIFriday's, and Poor Man's TGIFriday's being something like Denny's. This spot falls into the fancier version of TGIFriday's. You get the picture. I ordered a veggie pizza which literally was a thin-crust pizza that someone dumped a bowl of spinach on top after it came out of the oven. It's how a jock understands vegetarian eating.Fourth: The staff is really friendly, but ultimately really busy because they're understaffed. It's probably related to our nation's clusterfuck to the poor house, but I think it's a restaurant's job to make sure that the customers are seen to.Fifth: Their food is overpriced for what it is.Sixth: This place isn't that bad, it just has no soul. It is what it is. You go for a burger, you go to drink, or you go to watch a game. Maybe a combination of all three.Seventh: If you're a diehard about this place, at some point in your dining life your idea of class was probably something along the lines of drinking champagne in Hooters.
3	Good location on Mill Ave.  Food is good eclectric california cuisine, overpriced.  Garlic fries are to die for though.  Beer is reasonably priced and they have good seasonal beers but the normal everyday beers are plain out just boring lagers.  Brewpubs should be about hops and making a wide variety of beers.  Anyone can go to the store and buy a boring pilsner.  Wait staff is usually ASU students who normally work hard but.  Live music occasionally.  Sitting on the patio watching the foot traffic on Mill Ave is one of the bright spots.
4	Best atmosphere of the Gordon Biersch locations - I love the upstairs entry, the high ceiling dining, and scenic bar overlooking the beer equipment.  Great outdoor seating of Mill avenue, with planes landing overhead in the northeast.Consistently good service & food, and I never miss the garlic fries.  Pizzas are a good choice as well if you're dining alone.This was the original Gordon Biersch in Arizona back in the 90's and I wish they had some of their old ways - using 1 litre steins upon request, dunkel was on tap year round, as was the blonde bock.They serve primarily German style lagers and ales which are almost all low hopped beers, so ignore the other reviews which are ignorant in their critique by complaining at the lack of highly hopped beers.  You don't go to a German themed beer place and expect something out of theme.  Silly.
5	My girfriend and I love this place. Anytime we are in Tempe, we go to Gordon Biersch, anytime we have someone in town, we bring them here and never have a problem. The food is great, the beer is Great, the staff is great!!! Did I mention that the beer is Great, they are a brewery, so you can watch them make beer and wish that you could go swimming in that big pool of beer, mmmm, beer. Love it!!!
2	To celebrate the end of institute, and leaving Phoenix, my collaborate work group decided to have a celebratory dinner. There were 9 of us in all, and so it was suggested that we come here. Cool, whatever, brewery. First of all, the service was extremely helpful and attentive. From the beginning, our main server asked us how we would break down the check, and if it were possible to consolidate credit cards among us so we'd be able to get out faster. She was very polite and ready to accommodate, even though she was training someone new at the same time.  When we arrived, someone immediately took our drink orders. Most of us started with cocktails, and 2 people got beers--big mistake on the majority. The Manhattan and Tom Collins my friends got were extremely watered down, with very little alcohol, and my SF lemonade tasted like lemonade. Only. Apparently the beers, though, were very good, and the next round, that's what everyone ordered. As a group we decided to split appetizers: A chef's platter (with Southwest Chicken Eggrolls, barbecue buffalo wings, and potstickers), and 2 baskets of garlic fries. We were all starving after our last day teaching so we dove in as soon as the food arrived. The buffalo wings were sweet and barely spicy at all, although the chicken had a nice crispness to it. The Southwestern eggrolls were bland, so I dipped them in ranch, and the garlic fries were very greasy--the garlic was minced and spread over the fries, so there wasn't much flavor and since it was raw minced, somewhat intense.At this point, we were starting to get full, when our entrees actually arrived. I tried: Beer battered fish and chips - The fish was NOT beer battered. It was breaded. Your generic whitefish, a texture as if fried after freezing, but drier than usual because of the breading. It was served with a mound of those same garlic fries and a "Cajun roumalade"--basic, orange tarter sauce that just tasted like tarter. I had to add a lot of vinegar and Tabasco to make this taste like anything.Marzen bacon burger - I had a bite of my friend's burger and it was pretty good: nicely charred meat, crisp bacon. I like my meat a little rare, though, and the burger was well-done all the way through, and a little tougher than my preference. Steak sandwich (don't know the actual name) - Another friend had a steak sandwich, which was a steak cooked medium rare with caramelized onions, a garlic alioli (or so she said, I couldn't taste it), gorgonzola, and arugula on a French roll, and the same ubiquitous garlic fries. The steak was pretty tasty and the sharp gorgonzola complemented it well. I could barely taste the arugula, however, and was in fact convinced it was actually spinach. Other people all had about the same to say about their food. It was too much and kind of bland. The portions of the food were pretty ridiculous. I know its a brewery but the plate was twice the size of my head. For a watery cocktail and mediocre food, I paid about 26 bucks, which to me is just too much for something I'm unsatisfied with. 1 star for the service, 1 star for the ambience, which was pretty conducive to a group dinner (even with the Nascar racing on the flatscreens poised all about us). No stars for the drinks, the food, and the price.
5	Two words.. Garlic Fries! No one can beat this garlicky goodness. Your breath will ward off lurking vampires that i guarantee but you will not complain..soo worth the breath!
3	I dined here with my friend who was in from out of town raving about how great it was, and the food... i was not wrong about.  Their chicken wings are about the best things since sliced bread.  Their beer sampler is one of the best, and I LOVE their salads.  BUT....... out waiter must have forgotten his manners, or never been taught them altogether.  I hear a lot of waiters biggest complaints are rude customers, but may I speak for myself in saying that I ALWAYS say please and thank you for everything and I'm usually awarded the same respect in return, but for this waitor, that just wasn't the case.  That turns me off right away when I'm dining out, especially when I am paying extra for their services.  I've been in the customer service industry for over 10 years now, and I know it's not always fun, but is it too much to ask for a little common courtesy?  Okay, I'm done rambling... The food here is awesome.. so it's A-OK in my book ;)
2	Three trips to the Tempe location and still not close to the Palo Alto or San Jose locations. Yes they have good brews but the atmosphere is not the same. The food not as good and the staff not as professional. Good for the beer but not for the food.
4	Load up on the beer and Gordon Biersch Garlic Fries. That is all you will need for the rest of the night. If you'd like you can always enjoy some Glazed Chicken Wings, Southwest Egg Rolls, Seafood Cobb Salad, Gorgonzola Bone-In Ribeye, Grilled Chilean Sea Bass, Halibut Oscar, Chicken Parmesan, Meatloaf, and more! Did I mention the Gordon Biersch Garlic Fries?Otherwise, you can count on feeling like you are in a typical sports bar filled with local strangers.
3	I would give Gordon Biersch 3.5 stars out of 5. I enjoy GB more for a beers with friends and light food/appetizers or garlic fries than a full dinner. I don't feel a their dinner meni items are worth the price.Can't go wrong with any of the beers on tap. GB should have a beer for every taste available.Staff and service has always been pretty good.
3	Not a bad place to get together with some friends and have some beers.  They're apps are decent and their garlic fries will permanently embed and imbue your gums with garlic.  Their menu is pretty average, nothing to write home about and really not worth the price.So grab a beer or two, have some apps but move on after that.
3	Good place to start off if in Tempe.  The look outside and inside remind me of a Pearl Street Bar and Brewery in Buffalo, NY.  Good food, good drinks.  Has Home brew beer.  The waitress was nice and friendly.  Made you feel special.  Prices were reasonable.  Its about a 7 of 10 in my view.
2	i'm super conflicted on this review. i joined about 40 others for a surprised party at gordon biersch on saturday night. our party was tucked in the back corner on the east side of the bar. the space had an adjacent patio, which i thought was really cool. until the hostesses started seating guests that were not part of our party on that patio. on one hand, service at the bar was most excellent. each time i trotted up i had, within seconds, another light beer was in my hand - that means i have one happy husband, so naturally, i was stoked. bartender was happy to refill my water and give me a fresh lemon wedge (hey someone's got to drive right?!).on the other hand, i found it odd that the restaurant chose to walk other guests through the party to the patio ... i really felt for those people. our party of 40+ was crammed into a small space to begin with, and on top of that hostesses were leading diners through the crowd to seat them at patio tables. i understand patio = prime seating, but pushing your way through a crowd to get to it isn't appetizing. the party area was so small i couldn't have gotten to the food display if i wanted to - there were way too many people in our small space. if the restaurant had decided to allow our party to use the patio (which only had 4 tables on it to begin with) i think the other diners and our party would have been much more comfortable. in my mind, all this comes together as a 2 star review, with no disrespect intended for the fantastic bartender.
2	I recently went to GB on a Tuesday night with some friends for a drink or two around 8 pm. The place was not busy at all. There were only a few patrons here. The place was a ghost town. We sat down in the cocktail area and waited and waited for someone to come over to take our order. Nobody ever came. After waiting for nearly 10 minutes, we left. The hostess in the stairway was shocked we were leaving so soon.. We told her why.I can understand a wait when the place is busy, but when there is almost nobody there, this is inexcusable!I really liked going to GB, but this night GB was subpar.
3	Chain restaurant that's just about okay for afternoon dining with friends. If I wasn't having beer at lunch I'd probably suggest eating someplace else. Food is good but in my experience their beer makes the meal. I've eaten here about half a dozen times during the past few years when in town for business weekends.It is centrally located on the corner of Mill and Fifth Street in downtown Tempe, amongst quite a few other local restaurants. During my most recent visit I ordered a steak at lunch along with one of the seasonal brewed beers. Steak was okay but I wouldn't order it again. Beer was exceptional, so I wasn't unhappy overall.I love burgers and I think I'll stick to that as my primary choice when eating here in the future. I can't think of any times when service was particularly unsatisfactory, nor were there times when service really stood out as exceptional. I have almost always eaten here on a Saturday afternoon, and it's typically been fairly busy during the lunch hour. Never had a problem getting a table, which is important since I'm usually heading back for an afternoon conference session.I love the big glass beer mugs (not sure what size they are) but I can't always down the whole thing during a short lunch break (I'm a lightweight).Overall, good place to eat if you're hungry and in the downtown area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to get here.
3	I stumbled into GB this summer when I was at a conference in Scottsdale. Didn't really feel like paying an arm and a leg for hotel resort food so I ventured off into the desert, on foot, to find some yummy food. I sat in the bar area since seating was at a premium in the restaurant. It was a Friday night. I ended up ordering a Margarita since it was national Tequila day. It was pretty good. For vegetarians there wasn't a lot of non-meaty foods to eat. I ended up ordering a bunch of different sides for my meal. The food was really tasty and didn't cost me too much. Unfortunately, the service wasn't great and it did take a long time get served. But then again, it was a busy Friday so I didn't really mind. If I'm ever in Scottsdale again, I'll probably do a little more researching to find a place that's a little more local and a little less of a chain.
3	Walking in, I hadn't realized it was a chain, but it was a good place to relax a bit and grab a bite to eat.  I was feeling a bit under the weather, not up for a beer at the time, so I didn't sample any of their German style brews.  I did sample the house chips, which come topped like a loaded baked potato.  They weren't too shabby.  I also had the seared ahi salad.  It was good.  The greens were fresh and the tuna was perfect.  I also ordered a side of the sweet ginger rice.  (I can't pass up anything laced with ginger.)  It was also pretty good.They serve dessert shooters which are great when you just want a couple of bites of something sweet.  It was a nice finale.
4	I have been here many many times over the years but this review isn't about those times because I really don't remember them well enough to give a solid Yelp.  Anyway, this review is about their Stein Club.My wife is a sucker for signing up for clubs that charge a few bucks a year and in return you get membership card and a few perks here and there.  Gordon Biersch has such a club and of course we just had to join.  I mean you get a membership card!  You also get some other misc. perks like reward points when you dine at any GB that you can exchange for some pretty cool stuff provided you spend about $10,000 for food over time.  It is something to strive for I guess.All kidding aside, there are some really great benefits for being a Stein Club member.  For the membership fee of 20ish dollars per year (I think that's how much it was), you also get invited to free beer tastings, tapping parties, release parties, etc.  They are only for Stein Club members and they give you plenty of beer and tasty appetizers.  There are only about 20 or so members that show up to the Tempe location events so it is not too crowded.  There is always plenty of food and beer to go around.  They normally have their pizzas, garlic fries and wings out.  My favorite are the wings.Although I may never earn enough points to get some of the cool stuff they offer, I take full advantage of their free food and beer and it is definitely worth the small membership fee.Yesterday was the pre-release tapping party of their Alt Bier.  The beer was excellent and you could pretty much have all you wanted.  As always Dieter, the head brewer, was there.  He is a super chill guy that basically has the coolest job in the world.  He is at all the events and is pretty much the Yoda of all things beer and is open to answering any questions you may have.I could have continued to eat the wings, fries and pizza all night but my wife and the other people we were with wanted to order a more proper dinner.  I had the mushroom and swiss burger.  It was a decent size but was ok at best.  The side salad I got was ok too.  I also have to bring up one of their new menu items, the "Housemade Tacos".  Though I did not order or try them, another member of our party did.  When they came out I almost started laughing.  They are honestly the double decker tacos that Taco Bell used to have years ago (or still have, I'm not sure).  The tacos were blue corn taco shells wrapped in a flour tortilla.  WTF!!  Inside the double taco was some kind of fish topped with a real heavy sauce.  That part honestly didn't look too bad, but I just couldn't get over the double taco.
5	Friggin Delicious! First time me and my sales manager were in the Mill street area and walked through a few places to eat before deciding this place was for us. We walked upstairs and sat down at the bar. The bartender was friendly and knowledgeable. I asked what beer i should drink and he placed a delicious ale in front of me. The decor is a sports bar theme with a view of the town. The patrons were a good mix of young and middle aged people. We got to talking with people at the bar and everyone seemed friendly. We both ordered the Lobster and Shrimp tacos since they were highly recommended to us by the bartender. And these were the best fish tacos i have ever eaten! Fresh, meaty and cheesy delicious. I will be back as soon as I can. If your in the area, I recommend it.
4	I stopped here, because I like to try new beers. I had a delicious Hefeweizen to drink and a hummus salad to eat. I thought it had a wide variety of food options on the menu. It was about $10 for the salad. Full meals were a little on the pricey side, but the portions were large. My only disappointment was that they didn't have soft pretzels on the menu.
5	I think this was the first restaurant we ate at when we came here house-hunting. We loved it, and have been back many times since.Their Miersden(sp?) is awesome! As are the garlic fries. I don't think we've had anything there that wasn't very good.By chance, a few friends and us ended up there for happy hour one Friday. They had some great specials, and we've been looking forward to visiting for another HH.And just the view from the balcony is awesome. I love looking down on Mill Ave.
4	I've been to this place many times but I'm finally getting around to write a review. First of all it's in a great location, right on Mill Ave. You go up a flight of stairs and you'll be greeted  and seated usually fairly quickly. If it's not too hot or too cold you might want to try the outdoor patio. The view is nice and it's a bit quieter than the inside. As far as the food goes, it's not 5 star gourmet fair but they make an excellent burger and the garlic fries are out of this world. The beer selection is quite good and the service was prompt and cheerful. I've never had a bad meal or bad service here. Give it a try for yourself and see what you think.
4	Not bad, I've been to other locations, but this one would probably be my favorite for 2 reasons.  It's the closet one to my place :), 2nd their patio area is on 2nd floor overlooking the streets.  Maybe I like looking over people and watching them or something, but it's rather fun haha!  Gordon Biersch is always known for their garlic fries--don't go to the gym the next day I tell ya if you have a bunch of these blah!  They have their own Gordon Biersch brew of beers; I don't recall each, but they have beer tasting flight which can be fun.  Definitely bring your group of friends to the place!
4	Went there last night for a brewery tour and some Sex And The City 2 thing.  The tour was interesting and Dieter was cool as always.  After the tour my wife and I sat outside to have a beer and some dinner.  I had the wedge salad which was very good and the meat loaf.  The meat loaf was excellent.  They give you a huge portion and I probably shouldn't have eaten it all but I did anyway.  The taste was excellent and the addition of sausage was a nice touch though a bit on the salty side.The Sex And The City thing was pretty stupid and didn't really mesh with the brewery thing.  They just had some girly drink specials all sponsored by Absolut.  I didn't have anything and I still don't want to see the movie.I still don't understand why this place doesn't have a regular happy hour.  They have a reverse one which is pretty much useless but I guess it is better than nothing.
3	From now on, no matter how good other things look on the menu, I will only get a beer and fried artichoke hearts... and maybe a wedge salad. I have been disappointed the last two times I've been there. The calamari was so bland that we sent it back after one bite. The new Caribbean appetizer platter was gross - the mahi mahi was so over-fried you couldn't' tell what it was, the "Kobe" burgers were over cooked, and the sauce for the ahi spring rolls was basically orange mayo. SO, lesson learned - stick to the things we know....artichoke hearts and beer!
4	This place is like no other. Ive never been to a restaurant that has a brewery as well. There are multiple levels of things to see, there's the brewery itself, where you eat, and merchandise. We ate outside on the balcony which has a great view. Inside had huge televisions to enjoy watching whatever you wanted while you ate. The location of the place was great as well, its right in Tempe and has lots to do and see around it. The Food and drinks here were great as well!  My family and I tried multiple meals and drinks and loved them all. I will definitely revisit this place when i go back out to AZ!
3	Stopped in here for lunch the other day.  I ordered the Marzen barbecue chicken sandwich with garlic fries.  The sauce on the sandwich was good but the chicken breast was pretty tasteless.  The garlic fries were a winner!Service at the bar was fast and friendly.  It was nice to have a TV to watch as I ate lunch.
3	Drinks are expensive- about $9 each.Vegetarian options are pathetic- salads that you have to specify to leave the meat off, pizza or appetizers and side dishes.I opted for a house salad- lettuce, 2 kinds of cheese, nuts, cucumbers and dressing in a small bowl for $5.95.  And a side of potato wedges topped with gorgonzola.  Both were just okay.Service was good.It annoys me that restaurants on Mill Ave don't validate parking tickets from the garage anymore.
3	Not the best beers I have ever had, but always a solid place to go off Mill.   I love the upstairs patio.  Their salads and apps are good, I was not a fan of the tacos.
4	i love the outdoor patio! great service. i can only review the drinks and desserts. the dragonfruit mojito was delish! i heart mojitos. i also had the warm apple bread pudding. it was tasty, not the best bread pudding that i've ever had. would i get it again? prob not. but i would def come back to have dinner sometime.
4	great salads and their fries and chips are to die for.My friend's love their grilled cheese (not on the menu) and i've always had awesome. service. Great place for lunch and a good beer!
3	I've been here probably about five times and each time is like being on a roller coaster.. up.. down.. up ... down.  So with Gordon Biersch, the food I get is good.. is bad.. is good.. is ba... you get it.I was here with some friends for my buddies birthday last night, and while the food wasnt the best that night, service was awesome and we got to sit outside in the perfect weather.Overall I do enjoy the majority of the food. Who cant get enough of those garlic fries?  Of course after dinner, be sure to grab a mint.  The place is split into two sides, dinning side and the bar side, which also has some dining areas.  It sits on the second floor right above some club and Starbucks.  Coffee and drinking.. oh what a combo.I love the whole Mill Ave. vibe going and this is a perfect place for this restaurant.  Is it my favorite place to eat in the world? Not even close.. however I will gladly eat here anytime. Enjoy!
3	We had seat outside enjoying the perfect weather.  I thought it was very unusual for a brewery to be so quiet on a Saturday night.  However across at Hooters, it was loud and full with action.   They were watching the UFC fight.  It must be an exciting fight.  How do you compete with UFC and Hooters?  I have been to this location a few times.  They must have changed their menu and increased their prices.  It's been awhile... I had the garlic fries, not bad, but still like Six Flags Magic Mountain's better.  My friends had ordered the cobb salad and spinach salad.  They were generously portioned.   If it wasn't that I just attended an Oktoberfest event, I would have ordered from their Oktoberfest menu.  Actually, the items on the Oktoberfest menu sounded delicious.
5	I love the food here. The waiter is nice and try to seat us outdoor. He helps us move because we can't stand smoke. The food is like most francise restaurant. It is good for me. I like steak and shrimp the best. The shrimp is fresh since I can tell by the texture of the shrimp and there are still a bit smell of the sea. (My taste bud have weird reaction to sea water so I know) I will visit sometimes when I have time.
5	Sitting outside, enjoying the warmth of the sun...the guitar player on the corner down below and great food and beer...I love this place!
3	Yes, it is a brew pub and they have some pretty ok beer including a seasonal offering.  The thing I don't like about the place is that it is just so corporate sterile. It doesn't have any personal charm like say Four Peaks has.  The food is good albeit overpriced.  One of the best things is being able to sit out on the patio and people watch on Mill Ave.
3	Gordon, you and I go back a while. It's time we had a talk.For years we were beautiful together. I enjoyed so many tall glasses of the Martzen, so many baskets of the garlic fries, so much time looking admiringly on your servants dressed up in those creepily evocative brown shirts. Thanks to my Bay Area connections I spent more than a few nights in your care in your San Jose location: The original joint! Hell, on one occasion I was actually mistaken for one of your founders by another regular.So it makes me wonder what's happening in Tempe. It looks like the whole place hasn't had maintenance in a while. The beer is still good. I've decided to restrain myself from the fries, but they still smell great. But it's as if the whole building is wearing a sad face.I know that the assh  . . . I mean City Fathers . . . yeah, that's it. . .  of Tempe raised rents on everyone on Mill, hoping to turn Tempe into another Manhattan. We can tell how that worked by how many boarded-up storefronts there are. Everyone else has bugged out to the Riverfront or whatever that is over on the other side of Rural. You are standing firm, and that's to be admired. But see, the longer you stay the more I kinda avoid that location. I'm afraid the fail wave is washing up against your shores as well.So I would do what needs to be done to dress the place up a bit, or make plans to move. Don't miss the tide.
3	First time I ever been to this Gordon Biersch was when I travelled with my buddies to Spring Break.  We really didn't know that areas too well, and we found what is kind of familiar name.  Everyone recognizes he Gordon Biersch award winning Garlic Fries!So I went back for the first time now that I live in AZ.  Food is alright, but garlic fries and beer kicks butt!  Try their Winter Seasonal, it is refreshing. Some of their items are a little overpriced a little.  I will go back just for fries and beer!
4	While a little bit pricey, the food and service make up for it.  The location is awesome in Tempe and has both indoor and outdoor dinning.  The upstairs layout is a little funky once it gets crowded.  Service was quick and the food was served hot.  We had:  Chefs SamplerSteak Medallions with Crab Stuffed ShrimpChilean SeabassA Lemonade/Peach/Vodka Concoction We were SOO stuffed after the appetizer that we barely made it through our courses.  Would definitely go back as there were many other menu items to try!
1	This is the most overpriced food in Tempe.  It has a great spot on mill and you can watch everyone go by, but too bad you couldn't do that and not buy anything.  If you want to sit on this block, you might as well go to hooters across the way.  At least you could save some money and eat the same quality food.  There are many good places to eat on Mill, so skip this one.
5	I've been going to THIS restaurant for  almost 7 years and have always left satisfied!... The portions are large, the food is served hot, the beer is good and you can get a good look at the brewery in the background while overlooking Mill Ave. The atmosphere is casual but you can be dressy on weekend nights. I suggest the pecan crusted chicken and the garlic fries but anything you order will be awesome! A must try!!
4	Garlic fries!!!
3	I really wish they had prices on the cocktails. I wouldn't pay $10 for a large glass of a delicious cocktail, never mind a dribble. I nearly choked when I saw the bill!My drink was more expensive than what I ordered, which was burnt and dry.SO! If you are looking for a place that has hugely expensive drinks, dry usual food, and oddly posh service for some unknown reason. Then look no further!burning 20 dollar bills? Do it here ;)
4	I have to admit, the reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 3 is a) I want it to stay in business (which can be hard on Mill these days!) and b) It's one of the few places on Mill where you can bring your child without feeling like you may get heckled. ;) lol Now, I definately enjoy a night out without the babes too, but this is a place I go for happy hour with my husband and daughter. The beer/wine is good, the food is good (I like the southwestern egg roll apps), the price is good, the service is good, and the atmosphere is nice (thought I was going to say good, huh?). We love to sit on the patio and people watch.
2	Sat in the TV room.. pick the dining room for more comfort.  Ordered the sampler.. Czech Pilsner my fav.. not the best bewery in town. Our waitress, (Lauren) knew the beer, was very attentive. and personable.The food is mediocre..pricey bar food.  The Kobe burger was nothing special and the garlic fries soggy, the potato chip appetizer was cold and weird, cold chips w/some green onions, and hard chips of dark baccon sprinkled about...w/a side of blue cheese crumbles?? to do what with??and more bacon, and something that was supposed to be Ranch.
4	Eating outside on a nice night. So far they are really nice.
4	We had a great experience here. The menu had waayy more than i expected when i thought "brewery". 9pm-close is reverse happy hour and that was all we ordered off of and everything was fantastic. crab and artichoke dip *(req to have it with the bread instead of the cracker, TRUST me),  and yes i will admit we actually had two orders of the dip..it was that scrumptious! shrimp with chili sauce, pork sliders..all yummy! The have combo meals as well on the HH menu. The happy hour choices are great. We will be back to try the real menu as well, i looked it over and it is pretty intriguing.We had the beer sampler. No this place dies not have the widest selection of beers but the ones they have are pretty good. Check out the seasonal when you go...they also have a huge list of mixed drinks and wines as well.Atmosphere is nice, low lights, music, t.v's upstairs, outside seating also.Service was just o.k. he left us alone(ignored), but its o.k. we were just fine being left alone in our little love bubble.
2	Mediocrity, thy name is Gordon. Came here on friend's recommendation to enjoy the outdoor patio and presumably from the name, large amount of fine beers. The patio was OK, but that was about the highlight. I found the beer menu surprisingly limited and uninspired. My friend and I were both disappointed with our ($28!) steaks. Our waiter was moody and uninformed. When we asked for beer and food recommendations his reply was: "Well, I like it all." Thanks, buddy.
4	Some colleagues and I stopped by here for lunch recently.  After browsing the menu, I decided on the Kobe Sliders, $10.95 that came with a side of Onion Strings.  The food came out pretty fast.  The Sliders were very good....and the Onion Strings were delish!Our server was very friendly and attentive to our table.  Our Iced Teas and Water glasses were never empty.Overall, it was a great lunch.Return Factor - 85%
3	I first tried Gordon Biersch in San Diego and fell in love with the salmon caesar salad. Now I'm in Tempe and I have been to that location well over 10 times. I will go there for the salmon caesar, but will never stray from my usual order ever again. Unless it's just to pick up a quick order of garlic fries. Those are just yummy!My friend who introduced me to the place has finally come up with what should be their slogan.... and after going through the latest experiences with them I might have to agree with her. "Gordon Biersch. We'll just serve you what we want."Let me explain based on my last dining excursion there. My last 3-4 have been about the same.I arrive with my favorite carnivore who is also my best friend. We are seated promptly and receive our water with no wait. That's always good and they are good at doing this. She orders a burger as she has done for the last 3-4 times. She tells them she wants it medium. I told her she should have said rare because the last several times it came back well done. I strayed from my usual order of salmon caesar and ordered the crab cake sandwich. I asked her if she could substitute the lemon aioli for the tartar sauce, she said sure. I then asked if my garlic fries could be extra crispy and extra garlic and my friend said she didn't want hers that way. Waitress said no problem....We get our orders. Burger? Well done again, not even close to medium. Fries for my friend? Extra crispy. Crab Sandwich? I had to ask her what the sauce was because it didn't look like the lemon aioli they serve with the appetizer and it didn't look like tartar sauce either. Her response? "Oh that's our cajun sauce." WTH? No asking if I want it? Luckily, I was ok with it. My fries? I got my extra garlic, but they were a little soggy instead of extra crispy.  My friend and I were swapping fries.We ordered dessert. Should have known better. They don't make their desserts there. That's apparent. The chocolate cake was really dry and their bread pudding was just disappointing (according to my friend). Thank heavens for the vanilla ice cream.... but I could pay much less at DQ.I will continue to go there for the garlic fries because addicts need to get their fix too. I've learned not to stray from my usual order. Their salmon is never over salted, and always cooked perfectly.
5	Great Ahi Tuna Salad! I was thoroughly impressed with their portion sizes and taste factor! Service was a little on the slow side, but really had a great meal. Will visit again.
3	Everything is like average. Like another person reviewed, I also fell in love with the Sandiego branch. Compared to that place, something missed.However, it is located in the very good place in Tempe. Good place to enjoy sports and beer itself. Good place to have a group gathering. and I like their outside seats. :)
4	Pretty descent food, nice atmosphere.  Also has outside seating with swamp cooling.  Really reminded me of the RAM restaurant (brewery with food).
4	I have dined here twice and both times the food and service was excellent. Their pizzas are very good and I'd agree with everyone on the garlic fires and onion strings. Good stuff!My only disappointment was on the second visit when our server brought us our change but did not bring us our coins. Instead he pocketed our $.30 - yes it's not much but it's the principal of the thing...give the correct change!
1	Service and food suck balls!
5	I hadn't been here in 2 years and they dont have them in San Antonio. Booo. I was craving their Garlic Fries.. what can i say? You know when you build something up in your head and it just let's you down? Well that just didn't happen! LOVE their garlic fries. Also tried their Cajun Fish tacos and they were overstuffed deliciousness. Not at all spicy so the "cajun" in the title isn't really necessary but tasty all the same.
3	Good stuff, a bit pricey though, 7 dollar pretzel with beer mustard, I'll pass.
3	Food was great, beer is good and the service was good until the end when we asked to have the check split (between two couples - not something one would think is difficult.) Our waitress was visibly upset and snatched the receipt and stormed off. She came back with the split check (for which we thanked her), she huff'd and walked away. Not something that would cause me to tell people not to go, but be aware that check splitting may be frowned upon!
3	I ended up in Tempe when I couldn't fathom batteling the crowds at the Zoo lights.I really had to go to the bathroom after parking in the area so I decided to stop in to Gordon for a beer and a wee. The food smelled delicious but when I looked at the menu I wasn't impressed at all. Too pricey and not so interesting.However, the beers were yummy! If I end up here again it will only be for the beer.
5	Best restaurant I've been to in a long time. Kobe beef burgers, very delicious pizza and detailed salads leave you feeling satisfied. I don't recommend the garlic fries unless you really enjoy garlic. However everything was delicious and the atmosphere was completely wonderful. Worth the high price, and the staff was amazing. This place is at the top of my list of recommendations. If you're looking for a place for drinks this is the place to go, haven't been to a brewery restaurant like this before and it's amazing. Defiantly a long list of alcohol, and extensive menu.
2	Honestly, the best thing about Gordon Biersch is sitting on the balcony to watch the sunset. Beautiful view.The beers are overpriced, but tasty. The food is quite honestly, meh. Nothing memorable except for the garlic fries. The service each time I have visited has been terrible. Inattentive servers, empty glasses, empty plates. Go for the view and a beer and then go elsewhere for dinner.
3	I'm not quite sure what my obsession was/has been with Gordon Biersch when I'm in Tempe... but I think I ate lunch here like 3 or 4 times when I was here for 6 days. I guess after being out in the sun drinking beer all day, I can't think of anything better then sitting on the balcony with a salad and some Marzen. Gordon Biersch's handcrafted beers are delish. You can get a beer sampler and try them all. The food here has never failed me, but I like to keep it simple when eating lunch (salad, burger, etc.) The restaurant itself is really clean, huge, and very modern. All in all, a great place to stop for a bite to eat and some good beer.p.s. the garlic fries are a MUST!
1	Food-Great.  Beer-Great.  Service-Absolutely Terrible.  Ryan M was our server and everything was a challenge, drink refills happened finally as checks came along, took 15 minutes to get credit card processed, and never even offered desert.  It is a shame that such a good restaurant had such terrible service.
4	Garlic garlic garlic fries! Good Mother freaken burgers word to your mom!
4	Had the Cajun Pasta this time around, and it was awesome.  Didn't personally try the micro brews but my buddies who had them seemed to like them a lot.  The lobster mac and cheese seemed to be a good option as well.  Get the garlic fries.
4	I was pretty pleasantly surprised by Gordon Biersch Brewery.  I'm not generally a huge fan of chains, but I was in town and a friend said it was pretty good so what the heck!We were there at an admittedly odd time - I think it was around 4:30 on a Friday.  We're both midwesterners so while it was happy hour local time, our stomachs were quite insistent that it was time for dinner.We ended up ordering one appetizer and one dinner to split - and it turns out we had more than enough food.  The appetizer was a Mediterranean thing - pita, hummus, tapenade and a pile of roasted garlic.  Oh, if only I didn't have to talk to people all weekend...    It was very, very good, and they offered to bring more pita bread as we still had lots of spreads but had gone through our allotment.We also got pecan crusted chicken medallions in a creamy Marzen (one of their featured beers), which was also very, very good.  Nicely cooked and seasoned, and even though it was probably sauteed, it wasn't greasy.I had the Czech Pilsner, my friend had the Marzen - both were quite good.  I'd definitely try both again.
4	Efficient and well-run, they seemed to handle the Friday night crowd on a busy weekend very well. Our group of six sat on the balcony, enjoyed our beers, munched on garlic fries, and then had a nice dinner. As the sunset, we shared a couple bread puddings. Good food and service.
4	Really good, consistent beers on tap. I have yet to find a seasonal that they brew that is not good. The whole menu is a bit on the pricey side, but the quality more than makes up for it. Some personal faves are the Maibock (already on my calendar) and the Winter ale. I was just there recently to check out their Rye ale that was outstanding. Definitely a beer place with food on the side.Usually, I just pop in for a couple of pints as a mid stop on Mill Ave. The bar is always a good choice and the patio is pretty sweet on during Fall/Winter/Spring season that we have in AZ.DON'T FORGET THE GARLIC FRIES!
4	On three occasions I have visited this establishment. The first was good all around food seemed normal, I don't stray far from a hamburger so no surprise there. The second time there was a little wait to get seated no big deal it seems like a pretty busy place. The most recent time there was a fifteen minute wait for a table. The bar was empty so we waited there. HOWEVER upon further inspection (I looked around) the place seemed no busier than the first or second time, plenty of tables open, seemed strange to me. Well after a few beers we were seated at one of the open tables. Now by this time the bar was full so I suspect that I was a 'plant' to gather more people at the bar. My only concern had this been the case, is that I was not complimented for doing such a good job.Oh and if you like wheat beers, their hefeweizen is is not half bad...
2	Don't come to GB on Saint Patrick's day. Really, don't.Why? Its simple- it just sucks. The place is eeeeeeeempty at noon (it IS St paddys after all) yet the service is ridiculously, unacceptably, slow. They only started thinking of drink specials at 1pm the same day, kind of like an after though, "ooh its a massive drinking holiday today? man, we might have to make a green shot or something". They don't do discounted St Paddy's specials and the place is not decorated with a single balloon, hat or necklace.Seriously people, you're a German bar... have some holiday compassion for your fellow Irish folk. People are there to get shiftaced, and seriously, you aint helping.What doesn't change from holiday to every day drinking is their food and drink. The garlic fries were, meh, cold and flacid (yes I could have said "not crispy", but seriously, its more graphic this way). Their beers are ok but the selection is a tad small. Our server brought an extra shot by mistake and she drank it, then charge us for it without telling us. She did that twice and no I didn't really appreciate it. The check separation was appreciated but after such a slow service we really didn't want to stay there any further, there are other bars with cheaper drinks and better attitude... and that's where we're going.
4	Our food was great and our server was awesome. Poor thing had to deal with a hungry table of 13 after Pat's Run.  The manager was kind Enough to bring $5 gift cards to the first timers too. Great way to welcome new customers and bring people back. I'm so happy they were able to accommodate our large party. Thanks Gordon Biersch!
5	Went this evening with relatives from the east coast.One member of our party of 4 is an avid brewery visitor,visiting microbreweries whenever he travels.I don't drink at all,but he's quite the beer connesseuir.So he did one of their beer sampler thingies and enjoyed a few of the brews.He said he's had better though.The resturant was empty and our server Ryan was incredibly polished and professional.He knew not only the Brewery/resturant's offerings,he was happy to make suggestions as well.He knew a lot about the Tempe area's fast paced history which endeared him to all of us.He was engaged,present and it was obvious he made it a point of bringing excellence to the table.Yes,pun intended.The food was plentiful,fresh and tasty.The prices fair for the portion and quality.Would I be back?Yes,under similar circumstances.Personally I despeise all that is Mill Ave with it's frat boy and girl mentality and am hard pressed to venture east of 24th street.I wasn't expecting much from a place I deemed "touristy",but was ever so pleasantly surprised!
4	Great service and large tvs well positioned for sports. The veggie burger was dry and a little stigy on the garlic fries.   Regular hamburger is good.   Would recommend and would have been 5 stars if the veggie burger was better and less stingy with fries. :). Now that I have given up on Antars this will be my new place for sports.
3	Really good food! Really crappy service. Past the hostesses, not a single staffer seemed to care about their patrons at all.They weren't attentive and in the back you could see them folding napkins, yawning, talking.The server that dropped off the food at the table nearly literally "dropped" them, messing up any presentation the cooks had made and nearly dropping it in my lap.The Fertitta family should spend some money and time on the customer experience at Gordon Biersch
2	It used to be great. We came in before the dinner rush for a family dinner for 8. Sat in the very sticky (seriously my shoes are still sticking to everything) bar area and ordered some drinks and apps before moving to our table. Garlic Fries and Flatbread were good, but drink menu was limited because they were out of mint and 1/3 of their cocktail menu uses mint. One big thing that I couldn't help but notice when I walked up the stairs are all of the bins full of water surrounding the hostess podium, look up and there's major leaks coming from the ceiling...um, okay? We're not talking a waterfall, but definitely a steady stream of water pouring through different areas of the ceiling. No acknowledgment even when it was mentioned.So we sit down and place our orders. I've been before and do credit the selection. It's 6:30 now on Thursday night and we are the only table. Based on the food, I can see why. Chicken sandwich was inedible. The chicken was stringy and old like the bacon, looked like it was reheated in microwave. The taste? There really wasn't much taste, just salty. The shredded lettuce was subpar to even Applebee's and the roll didn't help either. I filled up on garlic fries and after we paid and I ventured straight over to Silvermine for a real dinner.  The rest of my inlaws were mixed on their reviews of dishes (lobster Mac - okay, fish and chips - pretty good, steak tacos - no).Overall, this place used to be nice, but food quality and atmosphere have taken a major tumble. I wouldn't be surprised if this spot is called something else next year.
3	I've been here a couple times & had good food and good service. Came here most recently on the 4th prior to the fireworks. Had no problem getting a table outside to people watch below. Tried a few of the sandwiches, all good. I may be alone on this, but I'm not a huge fan of the garlic fries. Has the type of menu where there is something for everyone.
3	Disappointing to say the least...The food and service are actually "so-so".  The beer is pretty good and the selection is sufficient.  Also, the place is rather upscale and clean so those are pluses as well.The problem I have with GB is that the location, layout, and the fact that it's a brewery with a full kitchen suggest that it should be much MUCH better.  That is why I rate it as a 3-star place.
5	Great happy hour. Food was above par.
4	Love their garlic fries and southwest egg rolls. Their beers are pretty tasty as well. I usually opt for whatever their seasonal is (right its the SummerBrau- nice and light).
3	ASU ASU! I went here to watch the last home game and have a few beers. I go to Gordon Biersch when no one can decide where to go for 2 reasons: 1- they have beer and 2- they have a vegetarian, vegan and gluten free menu if you ask.... Always a plus in my book.
3	Nice place, it took about 45 min for us to get seated and then another 50 min before our food came out
4	In town for business for a few days, I dined here twice with a group each time. Once for lunch, once for dinner. Good experiences both times, although the food was a little mixed. For lunch, I went with the German Kobe Beef Burger. It was large, but didn't have a of flavor. There was about a tablespoon of sauerkraut on it as well, which (taste-wise) was about on par with the rest of the burger. Okay, but not a lot of flavor. Disclaimer: Please take my criticisms of any German cuisine with a grain of salt. I lived there for 11 years and the Germans spoiled me with their cooking. It's not entirely fair for me to compare authentic German food prepared by Germans with our best American shot at the same. Unless they hired a German cook. In which case he should be ashamed of himself...Okay with that out of the way, let's move on to dinner the following evening, shall we? I went with the server's recommendation again (I'm doing this a lot lately). She recommended the fish tacos so I went with them. They were truly outstanding!!!! The absolute best tacos I've had, hands down. I'm not exaggerating, they were really that good. And they even come out on these cool little metal stands that keep your taco upright until you're ready to pick it up and have at it. Pretty nice. They also came with a side of white rice covered in black beans. Also very good. And on both occasions the service was impeccable. There's a large dining area and a bar too if you prefer to dine solo like that. Or with a group. It's really up to you. And there's outdoor seating, too. All in all, I've been a big fan of Gordon Biersch restaurants everywhere I've gone in the country. And Tempe, AZ, keeps the tradition alive.
3	This is a good place to sit back and relax. Overlooking mill avenue, you can sit on the 2nd floor patio and enjoy a cold beer and some tasty garlic fries either on a visit to Tempe or after work and class.
4	Located on the "party street" of Tempe, AZ... Mill street has character and you can view it all and the people from the bar area of this spot.  Second floor, great window seating if its not too packed.The only Gordon Biersch I have attended was located in Taipei, Taiwan. The IPA there was AMAZING and the wine here was FANCY.My girl and I wanted some drinks before our sushi extravaganza and we were torn apart between a beer sampler or something bubbly. Great Seasonal Ale's were also available. And we had a sample of them before we made our final choice. We held our pinky's up and went all out on some whites. She got the moscato and I got chardonnay. No REGRETS ;)Staff was friendly, seating was good and the crowd was chill for a Sunday evening. They had games playing on the TVS and food was being served ~ very casual, dinner date approved.
3	Most of my run-ins with Gordon have been at an airport, so I was slightly skeptical of the quality.  Turns out I was pleasantly surprised.  The area was active with plenty of people watching and the temperature outside made it perfect to sit on the balcony.  The food was above average in taste but I would be afraid to check out the nutritional value of what I ate!  If beer is your thing, I think you will be happy with the variety and some of the more unique offerings.  Expect pub food and service and you won't be disappointed.
5	Goes down in history as one of me and my guy's favorite places with the best memories. What I appreciate most about this place, is how they maintain a somewhat peaceful ambiance compared to the rest of mill ave, even in the midst of the chaos!
3	Just OK, Can never go bad with the biers at Gordon Biersch. Service was very good, food was below normal. Wife had mac with lobster and shrimp, I had the lobster bisque and streak frites, Mac and lobster and the lobster bisque was somewhat bland tasting while the streak frites were overly salted.
5	Such a fun place to go and eat. I hardly come to Tempe but after coming here for the first time, I plan on going back. Great food, service was excellent and the VIEW is amazing (From the patio).
3	The beer is good, the food not so great.  My pasta was very bland and overpriced. I would ONLY go back for beer, French fries, and dessert.
4	I had a work dinner here last night and we had a very nice time. Other than having to walk up a billion stares to get into the place everything was great. Being on the third floor you get a cool view of Mill Ave. Probably a cool place to watch a game or get a happyhour drink after work.  We started in the bar for a happy hour cocktail. I tried the Pilsner they had on draft, very tasty. They sat us at a nice table in the dinning room and the service was good. Nothing stood out as extraordinary, but there were no complaints from anyone. I would defiantly recommend and use them in the future.
2	We moved to Tempe Town Lake & we were at Biersch almost daily to meet friends, family, have burger & a few beers, & enjoy the patio.  The food is just eh people go here for the beer & patio.We thought this would be a great place to spend our New Years Eve. I called a week in advance to check on my reservation I had made the week before and they could not find it.  I called days in advance to check on the reservation again they did not see the res that I had made twice.  I literally called hours before the event to check on my res and guess what? They couldnt find it.  I spoke with the mgr it was a man and I dont recall the name unfortunately.  He told me that I could not make a res for the night that they were not taking any.  I told him I had just spoken with one of the girls 30 minutes prior & that I was getting a head count & confirming my guests & I was now calling back to confirm.  He said ok in that case he would take my res.  I had such an uneasy feeling about this whole thing so I called again about an hour before we were to show up and OMG they still could not find a reservation for us.  I am not kidding.  The girl took the res and assured me it would be fine.  We show up go to the hostess and ask for our reservation for 12 they said they did not have a res for us.  Again not joking.  I stood there in complete disbelief but kept my calm & just tried to get to the bottom of it.  There were 4 young hostesses standing in front of us & none of them could find this reservation.  I looked over their little podium and could see my name scribbled on their reservation paper so I pointed to it & said isnt that it?  The first hoestess said oh, the second oh, the third oh, the 4th said oh.  It was like an SNL skit.They set up a table for us near the window as requested.  When we first got there we only had 4 of our 12 people because others were on their way & we had arrived an hour early in case we ran into problems which we did.  Not even 5 minutes after we were seated a group of people walked up and stood near our table looming over us looking at us weird and then the groups spokesperson came over this guy was a Tony Soprano type & he said Hey is this your table? I said are you serious right now?  He says ya how do you know this is your table?  Lets see we made a "reservation" and we are sitting here.  Is this happening right now?  This guy was pissed.  He told us to get up and move and hes got 12 people standing behind him.  He said this isnt your table this is my table I made a reservation.  I told the guy to go take a flying leap and leave us alone.  He bitched and moaned loudly that the waitress told him we were randoms and that we just walked in and sat ourselves. He wouldnt shut his face.  I did my best to ignore the idiot.  Our waitress came over and apologized for this idiots behavior and the waitress that said we just sat ourselves. The idiots party was sat near our table where they taunted us all night toasting to us in the most negative ways you could think of.  All of us tried to just ignore it.  They were telling the server they were rolling on E and then she would come over and tell us about it.  We stepped out to the balcony to watch fireworks around 10 and the idiots were out there.  I thought I could easily ignore it and get along but they were all psycho drunk and drugged out and still going on and on about us taking their table it was beyond nuts so I just said hey lets get past this and have a good time.  They seemed to take that well until one of the men from our party stepped out to the patio. All the idiots ganged up on him got in his face and one of our other guys tried to step out to save him but they stopped the door from opening with their feet.  Panic set in for me and I tried to push my way out there to break up the insanity.  Somehow we settled it all down before something happened but those guys were threatening us.  Our guys went back in and sat down.  Just before midnight I stepped out to the patio again to see what was happening on the street and that party of people was again out there smoking and insane going on and on about us and how they were kicked out.  We had nothing to do with it I had no idea they were kicked out.  I went to the bathroom and while I was in there WE were also kicked out.  When we first arrived I had asked our server to split up the check and asked will that be a prob she said no.  I was also going to use my Biersch card to get the points but when they kicked us out they turned into A HOLES they would not split the bill and they wouldnt take the Biersch card.  I tried to speak to management on my way out to tell them the insanity we endured all night and the injustice of kicking us out as well.  She could give a crap.  So we went from almost everyday customers that brought 20 people with us on many occasions to none of us have been there since we are all spreading the word and boycotting this joint.  All of that was Bierschs fault. IDIOTS
4	Nothing beats dining al fresco in the Phoenix version of summertime. Snagged a seat outside here with cousin and had a few enjoyable meals. His meditterean Chicken appeared healthy as it came off the Heart healthy menu. Enough healthy stuff, my order was stuffed chicken and this was prepared way different than normal, which is usually spinach and cheese inside. In this version, it was goat cheese mostly with some cheddar and sun dried tomatoes. The chicken breast was sliced into four pieces and it was kind of served open face. It looked small, but was filling at 15 bucks (see photo). I switched out the Kale concoction for Garlic mashed potatoes (the garlic fries appetizer was way better) and there was some average veggies on the plate. Perhaps the best item on that plate was the roasted garlic peanut dipping sauce. Truly legendary on that item. Beer here has kind of not changed in many moons - same stuff for years, so maybe a new flavor or two will get that fifth star.  Sunsets are awesome too from here. Orange explosion.
5	This is absolutely wonderful!!! The beer is great the food is wonderful!!! This is the best eating experience i have had in a long time! Absolutely fabulous!
4	Great late night happy hour. Their seasonal IPA on tap was one of the better IPA's I've had. Also had their strawberry soda was quite tasty. Best part of our ding experience was the friendliness of the staff.
2	I had dinner here over the weekend for the first time. I wouldn't reccomend it for more than maybe the beer and garlic fries. I ordered the chicken sandwich and it was probably one of the worst sandwiches I have had. I felt pretty sick the rest of the night. My hubbys burger wasn't wonderful either. There are tons of places to eat on Mill, next time I know not to stop in here. Oh but I do have to say that our waitress was really friendly and did a great job.
1	We're so done with this place.Years ago Gordon's was such a great place to go for lunch when there was a fun festival on Mill Ave, or for dinner when you and your friends were going out for some fun. Now Gordon's is a place full of constant disappointments.A couple months ago we went to the Gordon's in San Tan Village and we were served cold, tasteless food. A month later we decided to give them another try and it happened again. This time I wrote to Gordon's telling them of our unsatisfactory visits, and they were very courteous and mailed us gift cards while encouraging us to give them another try.Today we visited the Mill Ave location and regardless that the food was free because of the gift cards I wished we hadn't gone. We sat in the self seating area near the bar. Our server was very standoffish and you could tell he didn't want to be there at all. He brought us our soda's and took our order but he didn't bother to ask how we wanted our burgers cooked, nor did he ask which option we wanted for our sides. While waiting for our food I noticed both of our glasses were dirty and had old food remnants in them!! I grabbed another server who was walking by and told her. She apologized and took the glasses. A few minutes later she brought our new sodas over and said, "Well we serve lemons and strawberries in our glasses from the lemonades but they were sterilized so the food pieces in them were clean so it's okay." Are you effing kidding me!? Finally the food came and just like the San Tan Village location the food was cold, and absolutely tasteless. We finished our meal gave the gift cards to the server and left. Seriously, if you're looking for a fabulous burger, great beer, excellent service and an a fun atmosphere please take the time and go to the San Tan Brewery which is in Chandler off of Arizona Ave and Chandler Blvd in the old town area. You won't be disappointed! As my dad would say, they could sell their burgers in India they're so good. http://www.santanbrewing.com/However, if you're in Tempe and don't want to drive all the way to Chandler (and okay with fighting for parking) try Four Peak's Brewery, they're also fantastic.  http://www.fourpeaks.com/
4	Met a couple of friends here for an afternoon drink and a light bite and we had a great time. Service was really nice and the food was pretty good.I must say I love the patio where you can sort of see a lot of Mill and when the weather is great (like it was the day we were there) I don't know why anyone would sit inside.We'll be back for sure, honestly I don't think it's anything off the charts or unique but it's a great place to hang out from time to time.
3	Of the 5 years I attend ASU and the 7 I've been in Tempe, last night was the first time I'd been to Gordon Biercsch. A friend was back in town visiting and he picked this place to meet up with some local friends. They have a prime location on Mill with 2nd floor overlook Mill Ave and A Mountain. Our group of 9 was seated in the bar and our service was good - can't complain. I had the grilled cheese sandwich with garlic fries and a Kentucky Peach drink. The drink was forgettable, especially for $10. The entree was also okay - it wasn't bad, but it was nothing I would make a trip back for. I would say though that because of the view, I would probably come back for happy hour on the balcony since it is so gorgeous.
1	worst place on mill ave better off goin to Burger king for better service and food
4	Great place for an afternoon drink and bite to eat. Outdoor balcony patio overlooks Mill Street, plus they have misters that keep the air cool.Legendary Garlic Fries. They will Blow You Away!! After eating these fries you'll never want normal french fries ever again...EVER!!! Blue Crab and Artichoke Dip: Do It! Do It! Do It!! You won't regret it. Awesome. Amazing. Wow!Gordon Biersch Hefeweizen: Goes down soooooo SMOOTH! I don't normally like Hef but I definitely Dig this one.
2	Pros: Clean. Consistent quality with other chain restaurants.Cons: My friends and I came here on Wednesday night. I think we were dressed appropriately (especially since everyone else in the dining room was wearing casual clothes and shorts). However, the hostess refused to seat us in the dining room. Maybe because it was all Caucasian people in the dining room and we were a party of 2 Asian girls, 1 Caucasian girl, and 1 African American girl. The hostess attempted three times to get us to not eat in the dining room. After I refused, she grudgingly sat us near the other patrons. This set a very negative tone for the rest of our meal.  I had the root beer (bland), calamari (can't see why it gets such rave reviews), garlic fries, and lobster bisque.
1	Pros : clean placeCons: lots. The service was horrible, especially when you are paying pretty high for the food and drinks. Cocktail Drinks cost about $10 and entries average about $16-$24. And when you get bad service for spending so much, that would drive me crazy. Drinks and food were ok. Not the quality I expected. There r lots of other restaurants on mill ave that are far better.In short, I personally would not recommend this place to any of my friends n relatives.
5	Awesome Craft Beers and great food.
1	Of all the restaurants I have been to this is the worst. The server who served us was extremely rude he just slammed the menu on our table and dint even bother to be friendly . We were completely put off by his attitude. Food was really expensive. The only good thing abt this restaurant is that it is located in mill avenue.
3	Came here with some friends for dinner and drinks. The service was great, food was great. Their beer is not for me. I had the summer seasonal which tasted like a watered down bud-light and bud-light already has a watered down taste to begin with. The next one I had was there Amber, which was just not very good.
3	Went on a Sunday for dinner and drinks. It was alright. Atmosphere was good. The food was good. I got some appetizer thing. It had the garlic fries and southwest rolls and flat bread with hummus. I was a fan. I opted for the summer season beer which the waitress described as "refreshing". She didn't mention it was as refreshing as water because it was a watered down bud light. I also tried the brownie dessert. It was dry and stale. Waitress took it off the bill. I'd go back but based on the price and everything, it wouldn't be my first choice.
4	Good tacos, a little disappointed w/ the lack of hot sauce but all around great meal at a great price.
4	This place has a really good happy hour! And the drinks are good. On the weekends it can get a little crowded but that's ok because I love the drinks. I also am a fan of the brownie!!! Like I usually always order that by the end of the night. I used to go in there very often so they knew me, but I don't live in Phoenix anymore so I don't go. But I would recommend this place even though it's on Mill and I hate Mill. This place is a good spot for drinks and relax mingling.
3	Good food, good service. More of a bar than restaurant.
4	Food is pretty good, the beer is better.  This is a good place for larger groups, a little something for everyone.
1	Skimpy skimpy pours on wine, almost ridiculously so.  Food was mediocre. Server was nice but inattentive.  Would not go back... Too many better choices in the neighborhood
3	Quality of food has gone down. 12 dollars for four pieces of ahi tuna on some wilted ass greens. Really? Another place on Mill just waitin to go out of business. Only thing keeping it open is the beer at this point. Fuck the garlic fries. I can make better.
1	Last Saturday evening, me and a friend went here and sat at the bar. It took 10 minutes for the bartender to notice us and there was only three people at the bar. He finally came over to ask us what we wanted then he when back over to the other side and started talking to some girls and washing glasses. We order the beer sample which didn't require those types of glasses. After about another 15 mins (I was timing it) he kept talking to the girls by the wash area. We finally left and as we walked by he said "oh sorry"
4	steak frites drizzelled in mushroom sauce, garlic fries, appetizer fish tacos, even the chicken parmwell rounded food. good waiters! Love eating here when im in town! oh yeah, if you like beer they have lots or microbrew options for one to explore!
4	Had the Kobey beef cheese burger and it was good! Would recommend it! As a side, had regular fries, I extremely dislike the garlic fries. The server was friendly and did a good job! But by far the best thing was the filet sliders! They were so good, that it made the Kobey burger not taste as great!
4	Even though it kills my husband that I order it, their $10 'fancy' grilled cheese sandwich is amazing.  Not crazy about the garlic fries like everyone else though... They will make you sweat garlic for a week.  Really good beers too.
3	Beer/ restaurant.This place was recommended by a friend in the area as well as the hotel front desk so we ambled over to grab something to eat after flying all day.The place is located on the upper floors of the a busy corner building and the entrance is not that noticeable (at least not to us it wasn't) but after a little back and forth, we figured it out and walked up.  Grabbed a high top at the bar area and the super friendly waitress came right over.The place has a decent selection of beers and a good sized menu so we were able to  get out libation going and some food ordered in short order.I was looking for something on the healthier side- grilled veggie tacos looked like the best bet and they turned out to be pretty good.  Washed it all down with a nice Czech pilsner and skipped dessert.The interior was sort of something between a Houston's and a western kind of thing- again, maybe to us easterners that is how it looks.Solid, middle of the road and I would hit it again if in the area.Parking on the street,.
3	I've been at Gordon Biersch operations around the country and they are all consistently good.They've changed the menu somewhat since my last visit (unless each restaurant gets to design its own, which I doubt).The food is good and the service friendly.This particular branch is on the second floor and has a little bit of a weird layout, but it's attractive and you can also eat outdoors on the balcony.Of course, the beer is quite good, as it has been at every one of my experiences at these restaurants.
5	I went to Gordon Biersch Brewery after Octoberfest 2013, and needless to say I was already buzzin and wanted to have some good food, because well Octoberfest failed to provide.  Anywho , as we strolled down Mill Ave my friend recommended Gordon Biersch Brewery, and I said "what the heck why not" It was going to be a new experience for me. Well as we walked up the 3 flights of stairs I was very impressed with such a nice place. It was clean, we sat outside on the 2nd floor overlooking Mill Ave and it was such a nice view.  We had 2 delicious "Hefeweizen" beers and they were absolutely wonderful, fresh, yummy with a hint of Banana as the aftertaste, It was liquid heaven indeed.  My friend and I both had the Marzen Burger with garlic fries and it was good.  The server was great, gave us a lot of attention and served us with a smile. All in all it was a fun experience. We had purchased some candles at octoberfest and we had these tiny bags to hold our stuff in, and somehow accidentally left our bags on the table after we had paid for our food.  We simply walked out and left it behind. Later that evening, just before Gordon Biersch Brewery had closed we realized that we didn't have our stuff with us. I immediately called them at 11pm and asked if we had left our bags there, and they quickly said yes, the Gentleman I spoke with was "Mike" So the next day I took off work early, invited my buddy to tag along and have another round of Hefeweizen's in the afternoon and this time we took the elevator rather than walk up the flight of stairs, and the elevator takes right into the dining area, very classy.  So once again I took the patio, shared a few Hefenweizen's and was treated good. Thanks again Mike for holding onto my candles and not letting anyone rip me off.  Such a class act, I will definitely be back and bring along my Dad to give him a taste of a new beer and EXCELLENT SERVICE!
4	Gotta say... great location, great service, and wonderful atmosphere. It's a fine spot with plenty of happy hour specials and a colossal menu. Love the wide open patio space and the huge windows.... you kind of feel outside even if you aren't, which rocks. Tons of natural light.My girlfriend and I sat down at a bar table and perused the large, large menu. With soooooo many beers and plenty of cocktails, I was super surprised to hear that they didn't carry any ciders at all. What!? Sad... but I ordered a Bloody Mary instead and it was pretty darn good. Nothing super special, but no complaints. I drank it all!Of course you'll find any kind of appetizer you want here. For real. Nachos, egg rolls, bruschetta, crab cakes, ahi, chips, fries, dips, wings, sliders..... the entrees are just as varied. I wanted to order the tacos which sounded fab, but they only have flour tortillas and no corn substitute. Bummer. It's cool, our waitress knew exactly what was and wasn't GF on the menu. I opted for the Garlic Fries which weren't fantastic, but were indeed covered in plenty of fresh garlic and you can never go wrong there. Yay for horrific breath!I'd return to Gordon Biersch because it's casual, comfortable, and familiar. Something for everyone, decent prices, and quick friendly service. Nothing too unique or interesting, but a fun time all the same.
4	A friend brought me in here yesterday to try the winter seasonal. We happen to go on a Sunday during the football games and they were featuring an all day happy hour. The seasonal was a dollar off (not much but can't complain) and all hand crafted cocktails were 5 dollars. Not usually martini and margarita type of person but for over 50% off we couldn't resist. All four of us got manly martinis, cosmos, and margaritas.The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because I think the Four Peaks winter seasonal is better, nothing Gordon Biersch can do about that...
3	Good atmosphere...wasnt crazy about the food...nor was anyone in my party. The area on mill st. was fun.
4	The Tempe location always has excellent service.  I came here with a group of ladies from work celebrating the holidays during lunch.  Our server was attentive and very accommodating.  All our food and drink orders were right on and she new we were only lunch break so it came out pretty fast.  All our food was excellent, we all enjoyed our selections.  The server had no hesitation about bringing separate checks.  I will suggest Gordon Biersch for more luncheons with our work group in the future.
4	This place was pretty cool. Don't get confused by the entrance. Its just a stairwell, the bar is 3 flights up. Our server was really nice and knew her beers. The food here was also on point. The california flat bread, chicken harvest salad, pizza, and chicken blt were all the bomb. Not to mention their garlic fries!!!!! I didn't actually have their beer here, but 3 guys in our group ordered their flights. They were fans of the darker beers. We were a group of 8 and didn't have a reservation, but they seated us right away on a friday night! They also have a lot of flat screen tvs. The place is huge. They have seating indoors and outdoors. A great hang out spot if you ask me.
3	An average experience. We came for the happy hour and there are some good options. The food was okay, nothing that blew me away. We were out on the patio/balcony area which gives a great view.  Our server was very attentive. The beers are of course great.
1	I went to this place once before and enjoyed it (I had a second interview here). Maybe it was the fact that I was extremely hungry being out of work and needing a full meal or temporary insanity because when I went back today, that was not the case.In short, here's what was wrong:In our party of 8, the service was slow & not very attentive.  It took a long time for the food to come to the table. The food was not cooked as ordered, which was fixed but afterward, the food made us physically ill. We ate at 5 and still feeling the effects of the bad food at 12:20am.  I will probably never eat there again and I only had the lobster bisque which tasted nothing like lobster.
5	Since Outback was packed for daysWe ventured towards mill and decided on GBI've always been a fan of GBI called ahead just in case and the girl at the front put us down, even though she said there would be no waitYou can never be too sureWe were seated on the western part of the dining room and we were both kinda worriedWe didn't think we were going to get any service, let alone drinks...But our server Steven, was absolutely greatHe was in charge of a pretty large section but he made sure to visit each table and take care of everythingI would not be able to do that He was great in recommendations and was super knowledgable of the menuI went for the Cajun chicken pasta with a golden export beerThe pasta was really goodIt was nice and spicy and had chicken, shrimp, and sausageThe beer was yummy as wellSteven made sure to check on us periodically and was very nice and could carry a short convoHe really made the entire dining experience wonderfulA job well doneWe will be back
4	Nom noms. Very good. The beer was dang good. The food was spot on too.
3	Love the patio.  You have to go during happy hour for a good deal.  Happy hour starts at 3:30 but if you call they will say 4.  If you ask they will say 4 but in print everything says 3:30.  I love the Winterbock beer.  Still not over what an a hole the manager was on New Years Eve.  Anyway trying to let that go :-)
4	We have been here a few times during routine Mill runs and for dining. Food isn't the best, but it is pretty good. Drink selection is solid. You should expect ten to twenty minute wait times and above average service. Stay away from the appetizer platters- they don't deliver.
3	Not bad food at all.  I had the chicken BLT sandwich - it was fresh and plentiful.  For a brewery, they didn't have a very large amount of microbrews - I think they had 7 or 8.  I tried the Czhech Pilsner and it was darned good.The only thing bringing them down is the service - we sat outside and had to hunt down our waitress a couple of times.
4	My Dad and I came for a late lunch after a Cubs game.The server was very funny and knowledgeable... He was spot-on with the beer selections. My dad got the Marzen and I got the HEF...banana and clove, yup...Thnx server guy, sorry I forget ur name. The food was Okay...But the Garlic fries are AWESOME ! ! ! at least with a Beer they are...I got the Beef Dip and my Dad got a Club sandwich...Good but it's not like they're reinventing the wheel with these two classics...BEER BEER BEER ! BEER BEER BEER ! BEER BEER BEER !
4	I didn't try the food, so this is just coming in for drinks on a Friday night. My husband and I went upstairs to the upstairs bar and we wanted to sit on the patio, but it was quite chilly for us. Our waitress was nice and we loved the beer selection. This is one of those restaurants where it wouldn't be bad to bring in your family as the crowd seemed more mature than the other bars located in the area.
5	This is the best brewed beer I have ever had. I love the rooftop atmosphere. It's perfect when your casually dressed. Service was great too.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! It brews it's own beer; which rocks my world! Their pizza is Amazeballs! Also, I really dig the ahi tuna salad is great! Such a fantastically accommodating place too! They host Running For Brews every Tuesday! Great staff! Quick service!
1	First time here for a party off 2 after passing many times on mill. We were seated outside, given our menus and that was it. We waited 15 minutes and still not even  water. We left, made sure the manager knew. They offered a free meal, but it's not fun eating your food when you know the restaurant knows they messed up.
1	We had to put our own tables together to accommodate our party of 8.  The service was very slow.  The server was forgetful.  AND... The Chicken California flatbread pizza gave my wife food poisoning!
3	The food here is pretty good but I do find it a bit on the pricey side for lunch. I usually come here when I am working so rarely do I get to indulge in the craft beers on tap. I really enjoy sitting out on the patio when the weather allows although service can be a slow. Sometimes I think they forget I am sitting out there. They have a nice seasonal menu (great crab cakes) and the garlic fries are a must. (Just make sure you bring mints because they are powerful).
5	Fantastic food and service! Great self brewed beer! Staff is very knowledgeable about the beer and the food. Ahi Tuma was cooked to perfection. You would think it was an East Coast seafood joint. Garlic fries are a must - be sure to ask for ranch dressing to dip them in.
4	I have to say that I am a fan of this place.  It is a standard visit for me when in the Phoenix area.  First, it is great to sit out on the deck, and watch the human traffic on Mill.  Come on.. it's ASU!  the beer is great, but they need some more hoppy beers, kind of lacking there.  Had the tuna starter, then some other, non-descript salad.  the tuna was like candy.  Fantastic. Salad and beer was above average, but not 5-star.  Will always stop through here.
4	Went here for drinks with he spouse on a Tuesday afternoon. We didn't try the food so can't speak on that. It was gorgeous out so asked to sit on the patio. Short wait for that. We definitely enjoyed people watching from the upstairs patio on Mill. The beer was good. Between us we tried the Pilsner, Marzen and Maibock. The latter two hit the spot for me, even if the Maibock was a bit sweet. It was exactly what I needed then. What I loved was the 21oz servings of the beer and since we went on Tuesday at happy hour, each set us just $2.50! I gotta say, this alone will be bringing us beer drinkers back for more and we'll definitely be trying the food next time!There was a regular running group meeting there as well so I am looking forward to checking that out.
1	I am writing this review for my daughter and her friends. Saturday, May 24th my daughter and her group (6 all together) had made 6:30 dinner reservations the previous week. They arrived at the restaurant, needless to say was not busy, and sat down. To wrap up the whole night/situation was the service was slow and non attentive. I don't know whether the fact that this was a group of 17 yr. old kids but the young lady that was their server that night had them wait 40 minutes before taking their order after telling her twice they were ready and her response was "I'll be right back" and never came back. The server's attitude was rude. 40 minutes to order, REALLY! They were celebrating a friends birthday, needless to say did not turn out to be very memorable.
3	First let me say there are several flights of stairs to get up to the restaurant brewery so don't drink to much. They do have a elevator if you can't so stairs after eating one of their burgers or drinking to many beers! Personally I like the place because while it's on Mill ave aka college party street, it's not inside.Their beers are decent and worth a try, nothing special but good! The service is great, fast and they refilled our waters and brought the check promptly. Their  burgers aren't ridiculously over priced but for lunch it is a little pricey. Overall A+
1	Hell no!My first warning should have been only one other table occupied by a table of 4 that was quite vocal about the place.  They quickly left.The 2nd warning shot should have been waiting 15 minutes for our menu, another 20 minutes for our appetizer and then 30 minutes for our overcooked totally bland food that was barely luke warm.They beat all the flavor out of the Kobe beef sliders to the consistency of shoe leather.  And then the food finally shows up, definitely not even warm.My son's 1/2 pound burger was supposed to be medium...nope.  My gorgonzola rib eye was supposed to be medium rare...again, nope.  Obviously the kitchen can only cook everything well done & suck all the flavor out.  My daughter's salad was completely forgettable.  The one saving point was the strawberry lemonade.  Probably bought somewhere else.Is it any wonder that 4 Peaks is ALWAYS full and this place was a ghost town?  Not to us.And then the final kick in the pants was the $85 tab for a meal that made was completely underwhelming.  Service was so-so.We went here because I got gift certificates for Father's Day and will never return.
3	**Original review from 6/1/2011. Updating new profile.**I first tried Gordon Biersch in San Diego and fell in love with the salmon caesar salad. Now I'm in Tempe and I have been to that location well over 10 times. I will go there for the salmon caesar, but will never stray from my usual order ever again. Unless it's just to pick up a quick order of garlic fries. Those are just yummy!My friend who introduced me to the place has finally come up with what should be their slogan.... and after going through the latest experiences with them I might have to agree with her. "Gordon Biersch. We'll just serve you what we want."Let me explain based on my last dining excursion there. My last 3-4 have been about the same.I arrive with my favorite carnivore who is also my best friend. We are seated promptly and receive our water with no wait. That's always good and they are good at doing this. She orders a burger as she has done for the last 3-4 times. She tells them she wants it medium. I told her she should have said rare because the last several times it came back well done. I strayed from my usual order of salmon caesar and ordered the crab cake sandwich. I asked her if she could substitute the lemon aioli for the tartar sauce, she said sure. I then asked if my garlic fries could be extra crispy and extra garlic and my friend said she didn't want hers that way. Waitress said no problem....We get our orders. Burger? Well done again, not even close to medium. Fries for my friend? Extra crispy. Crab Sandwich? I had to ask her what the sauce was because it didn't look like the lemon aioli they serve with the appetizer and it didn't look like tartar sauce either. Her response? "Oh that's our cajun sauce." WTH? No asking if I want it? Luckily, I was ok with it. My fries? I got my extra garlic, but they were a little soggy instead of extra crispy.  My friend and I were swapping fries.We ordered dessert. Should have known better. They don't make their desserts there. That's apparent. The chocolate cake was really dry and their bread pudding was just disappointing (according to my friend). Thank heavens for the vanilla ice cream.... but I could pay much less at DQ.I will continue to go there for the garlic fries because addicts need to get their fix too. I've learned not to stray from my usual order. Their salmon is never over salted, and always cooked perfectly.
4	I'm not a big chain restaurant type of person but if I am going to a chain I'd rather go here or Karl Strauss rather than an Applebee's or anything on those lines.I've been in town for the week and this place was the closest to my hotel where I could get some food and watch a World Cup game.  The place is clean, my server was nice, they had the games on and decent food.It's not easy to find a place where you can get a healthy meal and watch a sports game but this was my best option for both of those things I needed.I had the ahi tuna salad which was okay, it was really small but the sauces and dressings tasted really good.  The ahi is nothing compared to what you can get from RA sushi across the street but again I needed the game also.All of the other food around me looked really good though, the table next to me had gotten a BBQ chicken pizza which looked delicious and another table behind me had gotten burgers/sandwiches and fries so this is probably the better choice over raw fish at this type of place.  I've had a veggie burger at the San Fran location and will say that was amazing and I imagine that's on Tempe's menu also.I personally don't drink beer but I do know from others that they have a fantastic beer selection and of course they have wine as well!Overall good place if you're craving beer and burgers and don't want a dive bar or a chain.
4	My Mom and I had been snacking all day so we weren't all that hungry. We shared the Filet Mignon Sliders with a super tender filet with housemade peppercorn mayo and Havarti. Crispy onions and arugula on the side. It was totally worth the 7.50. We had the beer sampler which was great to taste each one. We went with a group of 12 women and our waitress was awesome, don't remember her name but she has blond hair. She was always checking on us.Happy to see that there are some Gordon Biersch restaurants in CA. Can't wait to go back our friends food looked amazing!
5	I really loved the food and Mark our waiter was super nice. and the atmosphere was great sitting on the balcony 2nd floor.  Nice
2	On a not so busy Wednesday night we (party of four) were seated right away. No server approached us for 10 minutes, not even a busser or hostess bringing water.  We went back the front desk to ask for help. When a server finally arrived she apologized for being the bathroom. Why would the hostess seat us in a server's area who was on break? We came primarily for the beer and they were out of seasonal/specialty beers. Disappointed, I settled for the Marzen which was fine. From that point service was fine. I was looking forward to the Farmhouse Burger with Bacon Jam and fried egg. I ordered Medium and got very well done. Same with my wife. There was no evidence of bacon jam. The burger had very little flavor (probably for being overdone)
1	Typically I don't write bad reviews but the last time I went to this restaurant, during happy hour on a Friday they royally overcharged me for my appetizers and drinks.  I didn't pay much attention at first but then did a more thorough review of my receipt and was appalled by what I found.  Upon speaking the restaurant they didn't care.  Considering it was happy hour prices and I walked out spending over $60; let's just say I won't be back or recommending this place to anyone.  I would also encourage anyone who reads this to stay away, you are likely to face the same issues with their creative billing that I did.
4	Ok truth is this really a restaurant that doubles for a place that makes beer.  Beer is not that great...Come here because I am loyal to Craft Works brands. Our bartender Chris is fantastic... He us funny energetic and works his tail off behind the bar . Makes it work coming here.... Be sure to Ask for him as he is a server as well
3	Stopped in for a beer before watching a movie. Tried a pilsner and a hef. They were decent. The bartender was helpful and friendly.
4	Great appetizers and brewery food and amazing beers here.  While this doesn't have the same feel as the San Diego original location, the unique upper floor corner location is great for people watching.  Service was very very attentive, which was great, and the happy hour pricing was an awesome touch. Although there are many non chain places on Mill Avenue, this is a great more adult location to watch college students acting stupid and to have delicious food and drinks.
2	Just had lunch at GBs in Tempe. Two of us had burgers and two had salads. I was told that the salads were good. My mushroom and swiss burger was good sized  but that's the only thing positive I can say. It was BLAND, no flavor. I had to drown it in pepper and A1 just to choke it down. The garlic fries weren't much better. Just stick to beer.
5	3 words: Tuscan chicken pasta.  I could eat like 5 plates of this... Soooooo DELICIOUS!
3	I appreciate the focus on German-style beers but I wasn't blown away. Definitely better than Coors, Miller, or Bud, especially at happy hour prices of $3.75 per pint, but nothing memorably for this self-professed Lover of Beer. Very cool place though and good happy hour deals going on- worth it to try it out, maybe you'll like the beer better than I did.
3	On the rare occasions thst I go to Mill this is always a staple. The staff is friendly and eager to assist. And the selection is good and varied.
4	A must have is the lobster and shrimp mac & cheese!!It is amazingly delicious. Warm and perfectly mouth watery
5	Great food, amazing in-house beers, service has been spot on every time I've been here. I love the patio seating, great perch to people watch. Definitely one of my top three favorite places in Tempe.The menu is beautiful and has something for everyone no matter their tastes. The bar is well stocked and the bartenders really know their mixology from what I've experienced there. Ranging from their appetizers to desserts, their house made beers, the service and the casual yet refined atmosphere, I will definitely be returning here many times. Great job guys, you've earned your 5 stars from this customer!
4	A great spot overlooking Mill Avenue where the beer is fresh and bold.  The garlic fries are not to be missed - like having fries and garlic bread at the same time!  They were the bomb-diggity.  The fish tacos were beautiful and delicious.  The Margherita flatbread was good but had a bit too much cheese.  Service was excellent.  A great hangout for a variety of occasions!
5	Was starving when I got here after a 3 hour flight so of course I ordered more food than I could eat. Got the Tapas appetizer and California burger (plus two Malty beers). Service was great and quick. Food was good. Would come back.
4	Great food, great beer, great service. This location has a beautiful patio on the 2nd floor over looking Tempe. It's a great place to simply sit and have a drink with friends or enjoy a light dinner while taking in the wonderful fall weather in central Arizona.
4	Came here last time i was out in AZ and booth their food and beer selection was awesome! It's located in the heart of Mill street so if you're doing some walking around town stop by here! You wont be disappointed!
5	A very nice atmosphere sitting atop Mill Ave. Their food is well prepared and their specialty beers are quite good.
