5	Over the past three years, North Buckeye Animal Hospital has taken care of nine cats for me - four of my own, and a stray mamakitty and her four babies who turned up on my patio last spring. Drs Medlin, Spiker, and Jepsen, as well as their entire staff, have always been remarkably helpful, friendly, and efficient, whether they're just giving a basic checkup and vaccinations, or more serious issues. For example, when it came time to put my ancient cat down, they helped him on his way with pure kindness and compassion.Whenever I call, no matter who answers, they immediately ask how my girls are. They take the time to get to know their patients (and their patients' people). The techs go into fits of OMGSQUEE when I bring in my Ragdoll and Persian, so, you know, I'm inclined to think kindly of them. I also have to give a shout-out to Kim, the groomer. She gives my Persian a perfect, show-quality lion cut twice yearly.Simply, I have nothing but good to say about NBAH.
5	We have been taking our Great Danes to North Buckeye Animal Hospital since we moved to Buckeye in 2008. They have nothing but great, helpful, and compassionate. I always know my dogs are in great hands at North Buckeye!!! We also take them to get groomed and Kim always does a fantastic job!!!!
5	The staff at North Buckeye Animal hospital is amazing! I took my dog in because she was acting strange and the staff immediately took care of her. Unfortunately after running tests we were notified that she had cancer and while the vet was more than willing to try and treat her it would be better to make her comfortable and put her to sleep. Naturally my family and I were devastated. The staff went above and beyond with their compassion and understanding and made the difficulty of the day easier. We will continue using this vet as our go to with our other dog. I can not sing their praises loud enough nor thank them enough for their compassion.
2	Can be helpful and are friendly! high priced and dread going there for animals well exams because they are very pushy about selling additional products and services, like a car salesman on commission!
5	This was Our first vet visit, and I figured there going to hassle me to get care for my dog, that I dont think I need. Since I was concerned about a lump I found I decided to see what a professionals thoughts were. The staff was very friendly, short wait, they knew who we where and were expecting us when we walked in. When I had spoke with the gal over the phone when she called to schedule an appointment, she was friendly, and honest. I asked her repetedly for an estimate on what costs could be in my dog had cancer. Although I know the Price can vary drastically, and she probably isnt suppose to quote prices, she did give me at least a pricing window, which I appreciated greatly. We still made an appointment. Anyways, the Ventrenarian was very nice, and understood how important the costs were to me, and knew I probably wasnt making any commitments that day, but still gave me all the info I needed. The tech who comes in last to set appointments and offer vaccines of couse has a 'touch' of selling, she gave me all the vaccine and spay pricing. I stressed my pricing concerns with her and she understood, and still said the basic vaccines would be good to get. I declined for the time being and she printed out a pricing sheet for the future. I told them I usually use the Free spay and Neuter clinics. I was very pleased with our first vet visit. This has been the only vetrenarian office I have been to and I was overly pleased with the friendliness of the staff and their understanding. A few days after our visit, we were even sent a Thank you card from the office, what a delightful touch! I will definatly reccomend North Buckeye animal hospital to anyone who is seeking care.
5	We have been taking our 3 dogs to North Buckeye Animal Hospital for almost 7 years. One of our dogs has had chronic issues, and North Buckeye Animal Hospital has always been there for us. Dr. Medlin has been the only Dr we've seen and is the most compassionate person you could ask for. We had to put one of our dogs down, and as hard as the situation was, Dr Medlin did everything she could to help us and make us feel better. I wish I had this level of medical care for myself. The staff is always helpful, very competent, and professional. I can't say enough about how great this vet is.
4	So far everyone has been helpful and really nice. It's far from where I live but not many places are opened on a Sunday besides emergency.
5	Dr. Medlin is the best. Always takes great care of our animals and understands that they are not just animals but members of our family. She is compassionate and understanding. The entire staff at this animal hospital is amazing!  We drive 25 miles one way to get here and wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	For some reason my original review and update ended up in the dreaded "Yelp Dungeon" so I deleted both of them and will start over. Hopefully this time it will stay put. This is the 3rd time I am trying so apparently their "filter" is garbage because it just automatically put the new reviews in the dungeon. Here are both combined again. No more tries again after this!I have all good things to say about North Buckeye Animal Hospital. I have been taking my 6 Persian cats to them for nearly 5 years now. I have recently added a little Maltese dog to my animal family and he will be going in for his checkups and shots very soon. There are 3 different doctors and I have had the pleasure of having all 3 of them take care of my animals at different times over the years. They are all gentle and caring, but most importantly, they take the time to explain everything fully, in what I call "dingbat" terms so I can understand what is going on with my animals. My last vet must have thought I went to medical school, all the medical terms she used made me feel like bringing a medical dictionary with me. These doctors make sure I understand what the issues are and answer all of my questions without making me feel like I am taking up too much of their time.Before they do anything that costs money, they itemize everything and let you review and approve it before they begin any procedures. I like the fact that I know what it is going to cost before they do the work, that way there is not sticker shock at the end of the visit.They also offer grooming and the groomer is hands down the best cat groomer I have ever had. She gives all 6 of my Persians lion cuts that are show quality. She recently groomed my new Maltese and did a marvelous job on him as well. She must have the patience of Job in the Bible because my dog is a real jerk when it comes to grooming. He may only weigh 7 pounds but he thinks he is a Pit Bull. When I try to brush him at home, he grabs the comb constantly and tries to bite me. He will not hold still for anything and when I am done he grabs the comb and tries to kill it. I cannot imagine how she got him to hold still for a full grooming. When I took him there for his first grooming I was expecting him to come out with his eyes gouged out and several lacerations but he was absolutely perfect, had both eyes still intact and not a nick or scratch on him. Thank God. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants the best quality of care for their pets. They actually have very reasonable prices and the groomer is CHEAPER than the pet supply store down the street. I won't mention the name but I am sure everyone can guess. It starts with a P and ends with etsmart. The difference between the two groomers is night and day.As far as their grooming service, I just cannot praise the groomer Donna enough. She is the best groomer I have ever had, hands down. She is caring and compassionate and takes her time with my little Maltese, who can be a real handful because he hates going to the groomer. Before I brought him to Donna, I used to take him to a different local groomer and every time he came home he would sulk for days and would not eat or play or even let me hold him. I suspected he was being mistreated by the other groomer so I switched to Donna at NBAH. It was the best move I have ever made. Now he comes back home from the groomer looking cute as a button and he is no longer sulking and acting strange afterwards. He is back to his rotten, spoiled little self and happily chasing my poor cats throughout the house with a vengeance. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a vet or a groomer. The groomer is usually booked for weeks in advance so be sure to call ahead to set an appointment. Trust me, she is worth the wait!Donna, if you ever read this, I want to thank you for taking such great care of my little Maltese, Mister Pillow Puff-E-Lumps aka Lumpy. I know he is a handful and I appreciate your patience and long-suffering with him. Since he started being groomed by you, he is no longer coming home scared and acting strangely. He comes home and heads right to his toy box, tail wagging, throwing his toys at me so I will play with him. Actions speak louder than words and you are the absolute best! Thank you with all of my heart.
5	North Buckeye Animal Hospital is a fantastic place. Not only do the vets, techs, and office staff provide great care, they do so with a positive spirit and great sense of humor. I love the reminder postcards featuring photos of their clients. They worked with me to find a form of thyroud medicjne that my sixteen year old cat, Mimi, could tolerate. And after a year of trying, when it came time to say goodbye, the staff was gentleness itself. I came in right as they opened, with no appt and with tears running down my face, and they immediately got me in a room with a box of tissues. Dr. Evans made sure I was comfortable, and let me take as much time as I needed to say goodbye. The staff put together a photo frame with Mimi's pawprint, and sent a condolence card a week later.
5	Great place, have 2 dogs and 2 cats. I feel it is a bit pricey, but we continue to go there because the people are very nice. My mothers dog passed away and we took her there and they were so nice about it, they also gave her a mold with her dogs paw in it with a little poem in it. Very friendly staff.
4	The doctors and staff are extremely nice and helpful.  The facility itself is very clean, but really it is very expensive.  This is the only vet we have taken our animals to since moving to AZ, but they are considerably more expensive than WI.
5	I have been taking our dogs to NBAH for the past year and a half since moving to Arizona. They are excellent! One of my dogs had heartworms (which is a rare condition here apparently). She was successfully treated and finally spayed (thank goodness!). I have met all four of the doctors and interacted with most all the staff ( we have four dogs) and everyone is top notch! They also provide a low/high estimate on any work that is needed and in fact, when I was dealing with the heartworm issue, I misunderstood about a "full" blood panel, thinking the heartworm screening was included. When Dr Evans called me the next day she told me she did add the heartworm screen. I explained that I thought it was included in the "full" blood screen and she did not charge for the extra test. While I loved my vet in CA, as long as I am living in AZ our animals will go nowhere else. This place, the staff and facilities are top notch! Highly recommended!!!
5	Open on the weekend is a plus. The Veterinarians and staff are professional and pleasant. The dogs aren't scared to enter the clinic which is my first sign of a good place!
5	I have had pets, both cats and dogs since I was born.  First two times I had been to the NBAH, unfortunately were both to put two older cats to sleep. Each time, My pet and I were both treated with respect.  I just had our two new kittens, from a feral mother, spayed, chipped and vaccinated at NBAH.  It took me a week to get the kittens in cages.  NBAH was so accommodating to my schedule changes, that they finally said, just call us when you catch them.  I finally did, called NBAH and they said to go ahead and bring them down. Two days later, the kittens have forgiven all involved.  Thanks to the entire staff at NBAH.
5	I wish there were more stars. This veterinarian is remarkable. I have taken all my animals here over the years and the care is extraordinary. Michelle Medlin and her staff are the most kind compassionate team there is. You do not feel rushed at all. They make you feel comfortable to ask any questions you want to ask. They make my animals feel so calm and loved which is important to me. Albeit a little pricey, the extra care and compassion is well worth it. I cannot recommend this vet enough.
