4	Despite being located inside the Mandalay Bay casino Raffles is very reasonably priced and has high quality entrees and generous portions.  Would definitely recommend - after all how can you go wrong with a place that serves breakfast 24 hours a day.
4	Is large, open 24 hours, reminds me of being in a jungle, ready for a moonson to hit and Mowgli showing up with Balu from the Jungle Book.  The decor is white linen and rattan.  Love the food here, reasonable, ample, mostly American fare.  The dinner rolls are the lightest and crispiest fresh french bread rolls.  The desserts are great too.
4	Raffles is decent food for your money, typically something I'd give 3 stars, but seeing as this is Vegas where everything is overpriced, I'll give them 4.   The menu's nothing to write home about...  Decent American food... let's say Gourmet Denny's... That sounds about right.
3	PART I:Wow. Pretty cool looking place.My friends and I get seated promptly.We order our drinks. I order a 8 dollar glass of Pinot Noir.We get out drinks fast.Eh. The Pinot Noir is eh.We order our dinner.I order a Caesar salad, the most expensive steak on the menu. "A Prime cut of Sirloin", rare please.Caesar salad, eh.Main course. It was more medium than rare. It was alright. Sigh. Oh well.My share of the bill about $40.PART II:After a heavy night of partying.We're hungry.Where is a Denny's. We don't know.We get back to the hotel (Mandalay Bay)."Ugh, lesh go to duh Raffie's place. Dere opuhn." (one of us drunkenly commands. I think it was me.)We get there. It's open. Why not?I start flirting with the hostess.We get sat. While I'm trying really really really hard to read my menu, I realize "it's 530 am and we gotta be up and ready for the wedding in 5 hours or so. Damn!!!"We gotta get sober!I order a breakfast that consists of 4eggs, bacon and sausage, wheat toast, potatoes, o.j., and h2O.I get it, eat it, it's yuck, but what the hell. I gotta sober up.We eat. I pay the bill for everyone.We leave.I wake up at noon, feeling OK.Raffle's may have just saved me from myself.Really good service.Servers paid a lot of attention to us.The food. They need some serious help there.
3	The place is big and the smoking area is all the way in the back so you have to traverse through the entire place if it's imperative that you get a smoking table.It's 5:00 in the morning but the staff looks refreshed. Prompt service, and no mess-up on the ordersFood was ok. Hashbrown perfectly fried. Scrabbled eggs nice and fluffy. But my bacon was burnt though (I only like my spam burnt). Coffee refills were frequent to come by.TIP: Ask for a table where you get a view of Mandalay Beach
4	Had a late lunch here on a Saturday and you know what?$10 for a decent grilled cheese and a tangy tomato soup?EXCELLENT.It was the highlight of an otherwise lackluster eating experience that day.
4	My friends are party animals, ballers, ragers...all of the above.  For the last two years we've had a get together in Vegas, and I've never been able to stay out late enough for the end-of-the-night/beginning-of-the-day Raffles breakfast that caps off the evenings activities.  I mean, really, I just CANNOT stay up until 8 a.m....or 2 p.m. for those real serious partyers.BUT, on the last night we were in Vegas, my friends pooped out early (4:30 a.m.), so I was bright-eyed and bushy-tailed for my first late-night/early-morning Raffles experience.  It is an interesting cast of characters there (clearly a number of couples who had recently met...probably just a few hours earlier) and, strangely enough, quite a line that late at night.  Too bad we weren't VIPs - we had to wait (albeit briefly) for a table.Overall, our service was relatively slow which was surprising given the number of people working in that restaurant...but they seemed to not be doing anything; only our poor server was running around the restaurant like a chicken with his head cut off.  After we waited nearly 20 mintues to place our order, I got the club sandwich and french fries (if I'm going to binge, I might as well go all the way), while the rest of the table ordered tons of other food - french toast, omlettes, corned beef hash, pancakes....all sorts of stuff.  I was quite satisfied with my club sandwich - it was actually way too huge for me to eat.  I am a huge corned beef hash fan, but the looks of that corned beef kind of gave me the heebee-jeebees (good thing I didn't order it).Anyway, great place to grab a bite, especially after the Noodle Shop (my favorite late-night munchy spot in Mandalay) closes...
4	I actually went here a couple times as well.  The food wasn't bad... good selection, good service, nice atmosphere, not crowded.Breakfast food, like a marie callendar's, but nicer and better service.... not sure if that makes sense.  typical Vegas pricing, so maybe $3-5 more than your own local place, but whatcha gonna do.. it's convenient, and maybe you can contribute back to the community after taking it from the gambling.
3	Breakfast served 24 hours a day?  Yes please!  Strong coffee, crisp bacon, undercooked hash browns. All in all, Raffles is a good choice if you need to eat away a hangover.
2	This place is not very good for a restaurant in Mandalay Bay. Our Waiter wasn't courteous to us; he barely said a word to us besides, "are you ready to order?" and when our food came he just handed us our orders and walked away. Ok, our meal...I ordered pasta balsamico which didn't have a whole lot a flavor but a whole lot of oil. My sister ordered a tomato soup with grilled cheese but the soup tasted like it was a marinara sauce rather than soup; it really wasn't good at all. My mom ordered their spaghetti and meatball dish which wasn't tasteful either. My dad seemed to enjoy his southwestern salad, which no restaurant should  go wrong with, so at least they got that right. Oh yeah, the complimentary bread they give before your meal comes seemed to have been microwaved and served because by the end of the meal, the leftover bread was hard as a rock. Not cool, maybe I should've ordered breakfast for dinner.Beautiful hotel, ugly restaurant.
2	This place is seriously disappointing, especially when you consider it's location.I have no problem paying $12 for a chicken sandwich.  But I do have a problem paying $12 for a chicken sandwich that is basically inedible.  \What was advertised on the menu as a 'juicy chicken sandwich served with herb mayonnaise on a bakery bun' arrived as a badly dessicated piece of chicken that wasn't even half the size of the bun it was served on, with a cup of regular mayonnaise on the side.My boyfriend said his omelet was okay.  Nothing to write home about.Service was inattentive.  The table next to us got up and left after sitting there for 10 minutes and not being greeted.  Memo to Mandalay Bay: perhaps a smaller restaurant with better service and edible food would be in order.Skip this place.
4	I really enjoy Raffles Cafe, and if at a conference there at the Mandalay Bay, I have to eat at least one meal there.  While it might be viewed as the 24 hour restaurant for Mandalay Bay, it is quite a find.  There are tableclothes, waiter service, and fairly quiet inside.  A nice respite from the noise and crowds in Vegas.
2	Maybe we went on a bad day....You know, there is a lot I can say about this place. I will keep it down to the important stuff.Of a table of six, three ordered omelettes with three ingredients each in them. All three omelettes had one of the ingredients missing. Only one omelette eater said anything and sent it back. Her omelette did not have the Jack cheese that she ordered. Ok, the waiter took the omelette back to the kitchen. Waiter then returns with the same omelette with a cold, hard slice of Jack on top of the omelette. You read me right. Instead of making a new omelette with cheese in it, some moron in the kitchen took the omelette, went to the refrigerator, grabbed a slice of Jack cheese, and just slapped it on top of the omelette. No melting. Just a cold slice of cheese slapped on top of an omelette. And then some idiot server thought that this was adequate and served it back to my friend. So, we all look at this omelette that has a slice of cold Jack cheese rocking back and forth over an omelette like a lever over a fulcrum with a look of incredible disbelief. So, with a moment of shock and hesitation, my friend asks, "Uh, can I have the cheese melted?" Annoyed waiter disappears with omelette and returns with the omelette. It looked as though they just nuked the plate so that the cheese just melted on top of the omelette. (Apparently this is how cheese omelettes are made in Vegas because all omelettes I have seen in Vegas have cheese melted on top of them instead of within the egg so that the egg is held together with cheese). Things that make you go hmmm....
1	i hardly write bad reviews.  just not my style i guess... but i just cannot get over our experience at raffles cafe.five of us went down to raffles for breakfast friday morning.  the restaurant was not busy, so tell me... why did breakfast take an hour and 45 minutes?time it took to get seated (and awkwardly shuffled around to different waiting areas by the hostess): 10 minutes.time it took for us to get acknowledged by someone: 15 minutes.time it took for that someone to get our waters: 10 minutes.time it took for our actual server to come and take our orders after we got our waters: 10 minutes.time it took for our food - all breakfast... EGGS, for god's sake - to come after we ordered: 45 minutes.  45 f-ing minutes!time it took for us to eat of our mediocre, lukewarm, barely a step above denny's food:  5 minutes.  we were starving.  yet, that didnt make the food taste any better.time it took for us to get our bill: 10 minutes.= 1 hour, 45 minutes.ridiculous.
1	This place needs negative stars. WORST PLACE EVER!!!! You'd think that with all the restaurants in vegas everyone would have to bring their A-game, but that isn't the case with Raffles. It took forever to get seated. It took forever for our waiter to take our order. It took over an hour to get food. The food SUCKED!!!! The staff was apathetic. It took forever to get the bill.Please don't eat here!!!! It will be the worst meal ever!
5	Raffles is excellent!  When you are tired, a little drunk, and hungry - this is THE place you want to be.  Complaints about a line?  I have never waited more than 15 minutes even with a bunch of people in line in front of me...the food is great though (love the baked potato soup, the southwestern salad, and the nachos)ya, the service kind of sucks - here is an exchange my GF had with a waiter:GF:  I would like the nachos and a milkshake with coffee ice-cream and oreosWaiter:  coffee ice cream?  no, you must mean you want banana.GF:  no really, it is right here on the menu, see 'coffee ice cream'Waiter:  let me go checkWaiter comes back - I guess we do have coffee ice cream, what else did you want?GF:  the nachos, only without the chili on it pleaseWaiter:  you don't want jalapenos?GF:  no, I don't want chiliWaiter:  The pico de gilo has spicy peppers in it, you don't want that?GF:  no, I want that, no chili on them pleaseWaiter: no cheese then?GF:  no, everything except for the meat and bean sauce, you know chiliWaiter:  so that is what you want, meat and beans?GF:  no, everything but thatGF to me: Am I speaking English, are we on TV?  What is going on here? (clearly enraged - me, laughing my a** off)Yet- we keep coming back here because it is so damn good!!
4	I left my slot card in a machine the night prior so I headed over to the player's club desk to get another.  As she was looking up my info, she probably noticed the beating I took on the slots and tables the night before and offered a comped meal.  Nice!  It was either the buffet, or sit down regular style at Raffles, so Raffles it was.We were seated promptly, and the service level we received was actually quite good.  We were out super late the night prior gambling away so our first meal was going to be lunch.  Shrimp cocktail here is fantastic.  No wimpy little shrimps here.  You'll get huge meaty prawns to dunk in that spicy cocktail sauce.  We also ordered up a Fried Calamari appetizer (nothing like a bit of grease to help after a night of pounding whiskeys).  For my main course, I opted with their Grilled Fontina Cheese Sandwich (on toasted rustic bread no less) and a bowl of their Roasted Tomato Soup.  As I was already in the dunking mood from the Shrimp Cocktail and Calamari,  I ate that sucker "Dip Style".  Ah... Grilled Cheese dunked into hot Tomato Soup... comfort food at it's best.  Although it didn't completely comfort my sore ass from taking a whuppin' in the casino, it helped... a little... Pics are up!  =)
3	We ate here because they seemed to have a little bit of everything and prices for the food at the hotel weren't so crazily priced (like the noodle place next door that was charging $15.25 for a bowl of PHO!)  We were seated pretty promptly and our order came out exactly like we ordered so we can't complain.  Food was mediocre, but what do you expect from the place where you'd order room service from.
4	Yeah, this is Mandalay Bay's 24-hour restaurant. After calling for room service and being told that nothing was available except pizzas and cold sandwiches (wtf), we shuffled down to Raffles at 2 am, too drowsy to get anywhere else.I had wanted a pizza, but instead got a grilled cheese with tomato soup for $10. Best deal in the whole resort-- very flavorful soup with a thick grilled chese. I was a happy camper-- it was basically the ingredients of a cheese pizza, just rearranged. And soup is awesome when you're sleepy.My boyfriend got the chicken sandwich, which was purported to be "juicy" on the menu, but was actually very dry. But the fries were delicious!I fell asleep at the table while waiting for food-- about 20 minutes of waiting?? There were quite a few people there for being so late. I guess that's Vegas for you.I would recommend this place if room service is being lame and you're staying at the Mandalay Bay, but not otherwise.
3	Thanksgiving weekend, we are getting sick because of the dry weather, the smoke filled casinos, and not getting any sleep. I get the grilled cheese and chicken noodle soup, my wife gets the grilled cheese and the tomato soup. We are miraculously revived. Kudos.
4	We were famished after a sponataneous 5 hour drive to Vegas to celebrate New Years... we checked in, and headed down around 9:30pm...ate..and had a great time.I had a mozzarella/tomato salad, friends had the rib sandwich, fish/chips, nachos, eggs benedict, and artichoke/spinach dip.Food was great, the dirty martini's were strong.The waitress was a bit slow.But what the heck do we expect on NYE?
5	So I have been to Raffles in Singapore(Raffles is an icon in S'pore) and I have been to Mandalay in Burma, so I guess it's only fitting that Rose and I would try Raffles at Mandalay Bay!  ;-)  It's around 9pm and Rose and I are looking  for our favorite meal...Breakfast!  I think one of the best things about Vegas is that you can get steak and eggs 24 hours a day at a multitude of different places.  And if you know me...I love my steak , eggs(over easy) and hash brows.So to make a long story short, I ordered the steak and eggs and Rose had the veggie omelet.  Bottom line...Our meals were perfect!  Rose had a super fluffy, loaded with sauteed veggies omelet.  And my steak and eggs were outstanding.  My steak was cooked just how i order it, my eggs were perfect and the hash browns were heavenly little long potato pillows that were the definition of perfect hash browns.  The BEST hashies that I have had in a long time.  Right up there with the hash browns at Red Hut in Southlake Tahoe.  Yum Yum...Rose and I will definitely be back for another late night breakfast.  Soon!!
3	We checked out of Mandalay Bay and wanted to get a good, quick breakfast before driving back to Los Angeles. After throwing the luggage in the car, we first went to Red White and Blue Restaurant since they advertised breakfast. We asked for fresh squeezed OJ. None. Asked for hot green tea. None. The menu was so disappointing that we just left and wandered over to Raffles. Raffles had fresh squeezed OJ and green tea! Too bad the fresh squeezed OJ didn't have pulp. The bfast menu is very well priced and the portions are generous. I got the Cakes and Eggs for ~$13 and it came with 2 big pancakes, 2 eggs, 2 sausages, and 2 strips of bacon. The pancakes were fluffy and warm. The bacon was sliced thick and fried crisp. Service was fast and friendly. Our food came out fast.Ask to be seated around the windows, you'll get a good view of the pool and palm trees outside. I'd come here again for a relaxing breakfast.
2	It was late. We hadn't eaten for like 10 to 12 hours and were on the prowl. Finally we ended up at Raffles.Nice and attentive waiter. Funny too! Butter mania dude! He brought us a whole bowl of butter when we asked for more. hahha. I ordered breakfast of course. The sausage was weird. Was it turkey? I dunno. It was odd though. Eggs turned out great. Pancakes were okay. I didn't care for it so much. The bread was interesting. Cripsy as heck on the outside, and yummy on the inside. You had to work for your bread man. Geez. hahaha....I had a tummy ache all night after the food. Yea. That's why they get 2 stars. Great table, great service, but you gave me a tummy ache and didn't let me sleep. :P
3	24 hour diner food helps when you had a shitload of shots and have not had anything to eat in over 4 hours! Savior! I believe I had a burger with chili, egg, bacon, and some other stuff that I dont recall. But who cares? Im in Vegas and Im winning!!!!blarrrrrrrrrrghhhhhhhhhhhOh well, there goes dinner...........lol
4	Delicious hangover food.  $3 for a side of hash browns.  Best damn hash browns I've had.
3	Huge portions- which would be good if the food were better. The berries seemed like the may have been frozen at some point... The 'cheese' on the eggs was like cardboard. The hash browns were good though. If I had to feed a gaggle of kids I'd feed them here.
2	We went there becase the buffet has closed. The menu is just like other normal restaurants, nothing special. Food is just fine, service is just ok. The creme brulee there is good.
5	Tyler was a big sexy beast and i think he is awsome . He makes me smile when ever i am thier . Very fun and smart not to forget V.P. of the whole mgm company and still willing to wait tables man what a guy hahahah i just would like to add the best tomato soup i have ever had and licked off my waiter TYler what a stud muffin . Plus he also gave great advice on drinks and desserts and fun places to go if i was going to go back i would only want to sit in tylers station
3	This is a great place to chow on some decent food when you just need to eat and move on with your day in Vegas.  I have also had a few "after clubs" meals here as well.The selection is pretty immense and it is always nice to be able to get breakfast whenever you want.  Always good for lunch or breakfast.
5	This is THE place for 3 o'clock in the morning and you don't want the night to end w/o some grub.......You need to order the Prime Directive, thinly sliced wonderful prime rib on an onion roll, with caramelized onions, and some cut horseradish.  Oh, man, what I am I doing eating this now?  Well, you're in Vegas, baby, where there ain't no rules.We always had great service, been there for breakfast a couple of times, too.  Their bread and rolls are made on-site, and are really good.Mandalay knows how to do it up right.
4	After celebrating the marriage of two of my oldest friends the evening before, I woke up with a pounding headache and eyes that looked like i was about to cry blood.  Things were desparate and I was in need of food-fast!After a quick trip down the elevator from my hotel room, turns out this place was the closest food to me in all of Vegas.  I was flying solo so I was seated immediately even at 9:30am.After a quick glance at the menu, I immediately knew the spinach omlet with chicken tomato and basil was the choice for me-and boy did it not disappoint!This omlet was about the size of a large burrito. You know, the kind that make up about 2 or 3 meals?  This omlet was the same way and provided leftovers later in the afternoon.  I usually don't even like eggs, but this was a perfect combination that immediately had me on the up and up.  Perfect! The sides included toast and hash browns, which were terrific as other yelpers have already noted.Top it off with a glass of apple juice, and I was immediately a happy camper :)  Overall, prices weren't as bad as I was expecting to pay and definately carried over into two meals for me.  Will certainly hit this joint up again on my next venture!
5	Came here for dinner one eve and breakfast the following morning and really enjoyed everything.  For dinner I had mini meatloaves with mashed potatoes and veggies.  This was really tasty and a lot of food... I could only eat half.  For breakfast the next day I had a build your own omelet with hash browns and toast... again a huge portion I could only eat half.  My only complaint is that the service is a little slow here, but very friendly.  I seem to find a pattern in Vegas restaurant service:).
4	I fell in l-o-v-e- with this place one morning, after clubbin it up at Foundation room all night!!  I had the best damn Huevos Rancheros of my life that night.  Not sure if it was because I was trashed or they were really that good!!I did go back recently for a normal breakfast (after a night sleeping soundlessly and sober in my bed) and they were just adequate.  Not much flavor, but filling nonetheless, with a great heaping of cheese, guacamole, sour cream, beans, and eggs - geez, no wonder I loved this so much after a long night dancing.  hahaThe trip to the cafe sober was fine.  Food was decent, but didn't impress me very much to pay $25/person for some breakfast!  Additionally, the mimosas seemed to be made with cheap champagne and minute-maid quality OJ - so don't waste your money!However, this place will remain my favorite starving-after-the-club spot.
4	The food, not too shabby.  The calamari was cooked really well.  A soft yet crispiness that I enjoy.  The chicken noodle was also made very well.  With the recent outbreak of salmonella on certain tomatoes, my friend's BLT was just a BL.  The servers were friendly, and always on hand.
5	I honestly think I had the best eggs benedict at Raffles.  Can't really tell you if anything else is good but that was the best f*ckin eggs benedict I have ever had at 5 pm.  Las Vegas always messes up my time schedule.  Breakfast at nite and dinner at breakfast.  You ever notice that there are no clocks in the casinos? hahaha.  The sausages were good as well.  It is pricey at this establshment but if you were to catch a cab to and from a cheaper joint then you would've spent the same amount.  EGGS BENEDICT!!!!
3	We were famished after the close to four-hour drive from LA this past Wednesday evening sans dinner, that we strolled into this restaurant at past midnight hoping service will be quick. Not! the wait was long! thankfully, the server was able to bring us our drinks not long after we were seated. nonetheless, minus one star for the overall service.  the calamari was quite good; they give such a hefty serving of spaghetti with meatballs (never mind that it's past midnight and this is hard to digest at this hour, it's what my palate dictates); the club sandwich was also not bad.  overall, though a bit pricey, the food did sate us.
5	we went for breakfast during breakfast hours (the place is open 24 hours and i'm pretty sure has a full menu the entire time).  we sat in front of floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the "beach" (which meant lots of palm trees and little else-darn!).  i had some of the best eggs benedict i've ever had. i forget that almost 100% of the time i eat it, i'm eating canned (or something else) hollandaise sauce.  not so here.  it was heaven on two english muffins.  it was a bit pricy perhaps (not used to spending $40 on breakfast for 2), but on par for mandalay bay.the service was friendly but not overly pushy (just the way i like it) and although there was a short wait to be seated, the host staff was organized and efficient.  we walked by several times during our stay, and the later in the evening, the longer the line seemed to be.  all in all a great way to start the day.
3	Not bad, but not great. After a night of clubbing, most of us woke up with hungover stomaches and we just wanted some breakfast food. We went downstairs since we were staying at Mandalay, and found Raffles to have breakfast food, and everything on the menu was at a decent price. It took awhile to be seated, and the service here was at a decent pace.I ordered the fresh squeezed orange juice, which came in about a 12 ounce glass for a whopping $5.00. I also ordered the make it yourself omelet which came with hash browns and toast. The orange juice was actually not bad, not like some places where you order fresh squeezed and it tastes like it's straight out of a carton box. My food wasn't bad either - pretty comparable to Denny's. Good thing was that they put a lot of the vegetables in the omelet. The only problem was that the food was way too oily. The food was soooo greasy and oily.  But other than that, everything was fine. Bottom line: okay prices, okay food, but convenient if you're staying at Mandalay and looking for one of the more casual restaurants at the hotel.
4	Good food and not excessively pricey.  I ordered penne spinach with chicken and expecting it to be depressing, but actually it was good.  Also got a side order of fries which I liked, and the free bread and room temperature butter they offer.  All good.  Service was very good (my tap water glass was also filled) and friendly (not in your face for a tip attitude). The hostess was very nice going in and out.
3	Being that I arrived into Las Vegas pretty late, I was pretty hungry, and wanted to grab a bite to eat before heading over to the tables.  My cousins already realized how bad the noodle place next door is, so we ended up at Raffles Cafe for some late night dining.The grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup looked really good, and in retrospect, I probably should have just got that instead.  But I ended up getting a reuben sandwich that was just OK... The steak and eggs my other cousins ended up with looked really good too though, and I soon was regretting my order.Overall, I think I just ordered the wrong thing, and the next time I find myself in Mandalay Bay with an urge to have something to eat late at night, I'll give this restaurant another try.
3	This place probably gave me the best experience I had while staying at the Mandalay Bay.  That's not saying much.  I only say this because it was the only honestly priced restaurant in the casino/hotel.  Decent food at a decent price.  I got an Omelet, some fruit, hash browns and spent  roughly $25. Not bad!
3	i like the decor of this restaurant, you wouldn't really think its a cafe because how its arrange. Well my family and I had arrived at The Mandalay Bay pretty early hoping we'd get situated in our room, but we didnt we were at the lobby for at least 4.5 hours waiting for our room to be ready. So we had brunch it wasnt too too pack but we did get seated in 10 mins.I had the Baked Potato soup and it was pretty good, overall my experience wasnt too bad.
5	So basically i grew up eating at raffle cafe! my parents would always hand me the vip card and i'd order and eat whatever i pleased and charged it to the room! i looveee how they stay open much longer then the other restaurants.. the dinner rolls are also super good when its baked fresh and still warm. i've tried everything from breakfast.. to fruit plates.. to lunch/brunch... dinner.. late night pigging out.. and desserts!some of the things i remember trying more then once... theres too many and i dont remember the names and etc..-bbq baby back ribs-chicken fettuccine-buffalo wings-t bone steak or w/e-filet mignon-french fries-salmon..omg i dont even remember.. im just getting hungry now. :[
5	1 star for being open 24 hours.1 star for having a huge menu and good portions.1 star for not kicking us out when my friend fell asleep at the table.1 star for allowing us to throw french fries at her and make a mess.1 star for making it OK to do this all post-club at 4:30am, barefoot.Thanks for being there during my birthday trip to Vegas. I'm not ashamed to say I visited you, at times, more than twice in a span of 24 hours. I can only hope I'm lucky enough to visit you soon.
3	I need a quick dinner in the Mandalay Bay before the Mamma Mia show. My first choice was the Cafe in the Hotel but somehow it was closed for the evening! I went to Raffles Cafe and surprisingly the restaurant has much better seating compare to the Cafe which was located to the little space outside the lobby elevators. My party sitted next to the big windows and I can imagine this place will look very nice in this morning. We ordered the Club Sandwich and the Chicken Balsamico pasta. It took a long time for the food to come out. We ordered at 6:15pm and the food didn't arrive until 6:45pm. The waiter also did not bring our bread until he brought us our meal. The pasta was very average. The Club Sandwich was good and it came with very good french fries. Food came in huge portion. My friend and I were only able to finish the pasta and had to pack three pieces of club sandwich back to hotel.
4	Mandalay Bay is one of my favorite hotel casinos in Vegas and Raffles has a nicely decorated elegant tropical feel. After a night out early morning dining is a essential. Raffles offers a large variety of breakfast, lunch and dinner options. I choose to have the french toast. Two LARGE AND THICK slices of bread dipped in a egg wash and cooked to perfection. All topped with powdered sugar and syrup. I always make it a point to come here for breakfast when I'm in Vegas!
5	My favorite place to eat at Mandalay Bay/THEhotel.  I always eat here at least once whether or not I stay at the Mandalay Bay.  I ate here twice during my last visit this past weekend during Thanksgiving, once during lunch (1 pm) and once in the late evening (1 am).  Yes, it's OPEN 24 HOURS - how convenient, right?For lunch, I ordered a "Make-Your-Own Omelet" with a side of toast and bagel with cream cheese (I frikkin' love Cream Cheese!).  My sister ordered the American Breakfast, my mother ordered an omelet as well, and my father ordered Steak and Eggs.  Everything was delicious as usual.  Seriously.  I mean, I love Denny's, but Raffle's is my God.  Our lunch bill came out to a total of about $80.  Crazy, huh?  For my late evening dinner, I ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo, and my sister ordered Pancakes.  Complimentary bread is served during dinner hours, so that was nice.  Again, the pasta was delicious.   The pancakes, however, were HEAVENLY.  They were perfectly made, the texture was amazing.  I'm not a big fan of pancakes, so you know it's good when I say it's was f***ing amazing!  Our bill for that meal cost about $35.Great thing was that since our stay were comped by Mandalay Bay and we charged our dining bills onto the room, in the end, we only paid $15 when it came to check-out time (for room and food fees).  I guess Mandalay Bay just loves us that much :)
3	24 hours huge plus.  Plus one star to this 2 star joint.  Too pricey for the quality, compared to other establishments.  You should just go to the burger bar.But it is stunning they can create food this boring out of a kitchen so close to some of the fine dining kitchens in that hotel.  Seriously... shouldn't some of the love rub off? A turkey burger, and a Reuben fell flat as hell.  The calamari were cooked at Toys R US.  I can't explain what that means, but it should be vivid.They were tasteless, flavourless... and this place is the epitomy of the turn 'em and burn 'em "cook that frozen filet" type of hotel restaurants. sometimes called American Grills, I hope it isn't an anti-nationalistic comment on our lack of creativity or healthy ingenuity in the kitchen.
2	I don't do reviews, but after eating here I think I should write one to voice my complaints.I don't know what other people see in this place, for giving it such a good review (3 stars and up), but I found the place to be barely appetizing. People must have been drunk after clubbing or what not, but this place sucks for the price you pay. You're better off going to a buffet for what you're going to pay. I got a pesto shrimp spaghetti, which almost tasted like nothing. The shrimp was alright, but the noodles had no flavor. I'd be better off eating cardboard. I'm not sure what was in it, but taste was definitely not involved. On a side note, calamari was good and service was par (like our tip.)
3	SIGH.I believe they've changed their entire staff (servers, chefs, etc.) because their menu has changed and the food tastes mildly different.  They don't have the Chicken Alfredo anymore, when that was all I was craving for for two days! :(  BOOOOOO!!The night before, the wait was also an hour.  That has *never* happened at Raffles before.  The hostess claimed there were only 5 sections of the restaurant open for seating, so my guess is they didn't have enough chefs available in the kitchen either 1) it was Christmas or 2) they've been reducing the amount of staff members [the poor Mandalay Bay customer service and shitty economy blows].
2	Holy $25-OJ (x2) - 1 side of bacon - English muffins (x2) - drunken breakfast batman!
3	The service was a little slow.  The food was decent and is typical for a casino cafe.  It is a little higher quality then some of the other casino cafes.
4	Breakfast was yummy! The service was slow! I did like the corn beef and hash and huevos rancheros were good too! I dug the nice clean restaurant. Not just your standard coffee shop in a casino. Clean, open feeling and nice.
1	OMG the service here is HORRIBLE. We probably waited a good 30-40 min  to order our food. The drink lady came around fast and asked us what we wanted but our real waiter was god awful. We had a sick baby with us and we needed to order him some food! We were even able to flag her down a couple of times and ask her if we could order. She said hold on, I need to do this.. I need to do that.. She pretty much had to run someone else credit card. We ordered only a couple of things: The granola, Cornbeef hash, and a Bellini. The granola was a specialty, but I didn't think it was very special. The cornbeef hash was good and huge! It was like not crispy though.. I like crispy cornbeef hash. The Bellini was awful! For 12 dollars NOT WORTH IT.. It doesn't taste like peach at all. And it came in this really really small champagne glass. I will probably go here again if I stayed at Mandalay bay and it was the only place open (24 hrs) but other then that.. SKIP!
1	Think twice before dining at Raffles Cafe!!!! The service was incredibly slow! The waiter came to the table to say they may have lost my plate . . . that isn't exactly what I call outstanding service. I ordered scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, and hash browns (only thing I ate all day). I got food poisoning from the breakfast it hit me later of course. When I spoke with the manager she told me I had to go back to the restaurant after I told her I had been throwing up nonstop for the last 2 hours. She said nothing could be done and I must go back to the hotel to speak with security who would take care of the matter. What's security going to do when I got sick off a restaurant's food? I was dissatisfied with the way the matter was handled when I returned home I wrote a letter and received no response or an apology for the way the situation was handled.
4	Pricey ($7 milkshake... $9.5 for a bowl of berries... really!?)BUT open at 4am so hey, better than everything else! it hit the spot & it was convenient (as I was staying in Mandalay). The service was good & the restaurant was nice. I also had breakfast there (the coconut pancakes with mango butter were *perfect*). The service was good... the waitress hit on one of the guys at my table... a lot... which provided more entertainment that I ever thought I'd get at this place :) Hence the 4th star. Good times!
5	One of my absolute favorite places to eat at in vegas. The food is always good. The service was a big shakey but I'll still give it 5 stars cause I heart this place.As I told my friends, the eggs benedict here are amazing. I promise they're  the best anywhere.
1	I have no idea how this place has 3.5 stars overall. It's atrocious.My friends and I came here late one night because it was the only place open after midnight at Mandalay Bay (the only one we found, anyway). What awaited us was the worst waste of $80 the world has every seen. I'm hoping that it was just because we were there so late (and maybe they have the crap cooks/bartenders working the late-late shift), but I have my doubts.We started by ordering a few cocktails...and perhaps that was our mistake. Afterall, it's not a bar...but still, you'd think that they couldn't screw them up too badly. Somehow, though, my Tom Collins and my friends' Amaretto Sour and Long Island Iced Tea all ended up tasting exactly the same...how is that possible, you may ask? I have no idea. They're all three very different drinks...and yet they were indistiguishable save by color. We were, however, willing to overlook crappy drinks because we were hungry and all we wanted was food. My friend and I split the Spinach & Artichoke dip...and were very sad we did. It was decidedly the worst I've ever had. It kind of tasted like it was from a box, or was leftover and had been warmed up for the occasion. Yikes.My friends ordered a few other food items, which were better than the dip, but nothing to write home about. All in all, we ended up spending a collective $80, and not one of us felt that a single thing we'd ordered was worth it...bummer! Definitely won't go here again, no matter the hour!
3	This place is just OK.  Good enough place to get something to eat if you're in the Mandalay Bay or Four Seasons, and the prices aren't too crazy.  Nothing incredible, but just fine.
4	Great place for our Saturday brunch. Our party of 10 got seated promptly. We sat by the window and a partial view of the pool area and tropical trees, which was nice.Everyone enjoyed their meal. My sister and I shared the Filet Benedict. They split it for us, which was cool. I also enjoyed the their Bloody Mary. One of the girls ordreded the Exotic Coconut Pancakes that included a mini coconut and mango butter. It was the right amount of sweetness. Very yummy!Great place for a low-key yet tasteful brunch!
4	Nothing quite like country fried steak and eggs for breakfast.  I stopped here before hitting up the spa because it was so close to the elevators to the hotel room and spa.The service was great, the food was great, the prices were meh, and overall it's a nice escape from the buffets.  The view was good too, as you got to see the pool area from the table.  Would I come back?  Sure would, just for the delicious fatty breakfast.  :D
2	Showed up to this place to eat around 1:30 am on a Tuesday night after getting off a very delayed flight from NYC.This place is located in the far corner of the Mandalay's casino floor. The lighting and decor of this establishment are very odd. Definitely half staffed late at night or so I thought because of how long it took for us to get drinks along with our food. I ordered a egg white omelette  with veggies (I'm watching my figure) and my brother had the club sandwich. This places gives generous portions and happily refilled our drinks about 4 times.. The sandwich looked ten times better than the eggs but both were better than what I expected....We ended up going back to this place the following day for lunch and were surprised at how long we waited for our food. Food came after a 45 minute wait, the steak/eggs combo looked like something you would find at one of the Iron Skillet's Petro Truck Stops. My brother ordered mini burgers, they looked horrible and tasted even worse. Literally walked out on my meal and refused to even eat it. This place is a dump. Officially never going back here. My waitress was nice but other than this place flat out sucked. This was the final straw.. I can literally eat a can of alpo if I had to.. Rather walk across the street and eat a Big Mac with Leroy than to sit here for over an hour to have a over priced meal.Now on to other matters involving this place. There is a eclectic loser late night crowd, on tuesday we witnessed a closeted obese red neck arguing with his DL boyfriend in the far corner, they both were wearing ed hardy and seemed to be trying to hard to look "straight." Both were bickering over 50 bucks and ended up taking there argument out to the casino floor. This was the only highlight of raffles.. Watching these two queens fight was pricesless.  Also a decently hot piece of ass with a large rack sitting with her doogie howser esque boyfriend peaked my interest as well. There were also some older creepy couples that seemed to be lingering here day and night. Do yourself a favor and stick to the buffet or just leave hotel and go some where more upscale.
4	24-hour cafes in Las Vegas casinos tend to be eateries of last resort, if the casino's own heavily promoted buffet or other restaurants are closed or too expensive. Two of our friends and I found ourselves in this situation - found ourselves at Mandalay Bay at around 10:00 p.m., too late for the buffet, and hungry as heck.So we found ourselves at Raffles Cafe, and were pleasantly surprised. Our server was friendly and attentive, the prices were reasonable, and the food was tasty and delivered in fairly large portions. I ordered the grilled salmon which was well cooked, and my friend enjoyed his prime rib (but was unable to finish it...too big).My other friend asked our server what she recommended for dessert, and she recommended Vincent's Chocolate Cake (if I remember correctly). One bite of it and he was in chocolate heaven.We left there with tummies filled and with enough left in our wallets to enjoy a few hours on the machines. This is definitely a hidden gem and worth a visit.
2	We went here for breakfast because it was convenient. The service was nice but the food was not that great. My friend ordered an Egg white omelet w spinach and cheese and the thing smelled and taste fishy! ewww.. we had them take it back and bring us another one but it still tastes kinda fishy. She just ate it cuz i was already done w/ my breakfast and she was hungry.. i wouldn't go back. -p2
1	Oh I hate this place.  Overpriced and crappy food.  For unknown reasons I have ended up here a few times.  Drunk, early riser, or hungover.  I'll give you the early bird perspective since that would be the most clear experience.  I paid $10 for a crappy mimosa and had a so so omelet.  I know this place looks inviting and convenient, but just walk a little bit and try elsewhere.  I didn't try the buffet, but it's probably about the same price.
4	Hubby and I had $100 food credit so we ate here twice.  The portions are huge, the service is good and the menu was quite good. I especially loved the chicken corn chowder (So yummy). I did think some items were missing. I would have loved a tuna sandwich or a quesidilla. The prices are on par with other 24 hour cafes in vegas and the quality was way better than most.
2	Eh. Went for brunch, no line. Food was mediocre; every dish my dining companions and I had got the same review: "ok, but I've had it made better elsewhere." Good, quick service though. But in a city with as many dining options as Vegas, this overpriced eatery just doesn't really swing it.
4	The Huevos Rancheros was amazing, highly recommend it here!
4	Friendly and fast service! No lines,sat right away. Food was on the table within 10 mins of ordering. I got the eggs Benedict and my husband got some mexcian inspired breakfast. Both were really good!! Price was great too compared to what you would pay elsewhere.  We may just make this our breakfast spot at the Mandalay bay resort :)
5	This place is awesome. Granted i've only been here once, but it was that good. I never liked omelettes until I came to this place. But once I ordered the spinach and chicken egg white omelette, that was it, I became an omelette lover. Granted, i've never tasted one quite as good as the one i had here, but that was what started my love. I am definitely eating here again when I come back to vegas.I'm writing this review a year after I ate here, so I really can't comment on much more than that little tidbit I remember.
1	Totally lackluster. Yes, it is inside the Mandalay Bay casino and not one of the high end choices but I was severely disappointed in this meal. The options are all pretty standard American fair (in the realm of Denny's or various other quick stop burger style dining), the ambiance is nonexistent and the overall food is just lacking. If you are looking for a quick bite (although not that quick really) and don't want to spend too much (avg. item ~$12) this is a pretty good spot. Although next time I want a mediocre sandwich in this hotel I might head to the deli in the sports room were there is at least a bit of an atmosphere worth visiting for.
4	I really like this place...I travel to Vegas once or twice a year, and always seem to eat at Raffles at least ond.  I have had salads, entrees, sides and appetizers and never had a bad mealLast Friday, I ordered an egg white, salmon and swiss omelette with sour dough toast...In short, a meal unavailable to a Bostonian in the city of Boston.  It was perfectly cooked and even featured crispy hash browns...In many ways, Raffles reminds me of Cheesecake factory, lots of different types of freshly prepared food...defintely worth a visit
4	Had a nice brunch at Raffles on last day in Vegas.I had the Prime Rib French Dip. The sandwich was piled with slices of med rare prime rib! Very good meal.Service was good.
4	This is an excellent place for breakfast.  The corned beef hash was one of the best I've ever had.  It was non-greasy and very tasty with good hash browns.  I also tried a few of their pancake dishes which were also excellent.  The portions are also very large.  I also found the service to be excellent (I was seated near the entrance).
5	Wow I love this place. Best place to eat in the middle of te night. Most cab drivers insist u go to peppermill (which isn't a bad spot for food but very old and lots of hookers hang out there). I always get the French toast which is FAT!!! Huuuge loafs of bread. PAstrami on rye is delcious. Club sandwich is amazing and wont fit in your mouth because it is so big. Their steak is also really good for $30. Nachos are huge and impossible to finish. Basically they have huge portions for great prices with even better quality.
3	My sister ate here for breakfast twice and raved about the hashbrowns and sourdough toast....but we ate here for lunch and it wasn't hitting on all cylinders.  The chinese chicken salad (a signature they claim) was missing the vinegar...that had to have been a mistake.  Unfortunately we didn't have time to complain because we had a plane to catch.  They were really accomodating in meeting our tight schedule though.  The sliders weren't bad but sure not as good as the kobe sliders at the Wynn.  The french fries are pretty good and they don't skimp.  It also came with a unique bread that was kind of crispy on the top - that was tasty.  Would go back to check out their breakfast.  (They also participate in restaurant.com which makes it half the price if you have a promotion code)
4	Sometimes this place can get a bit too busy for the staff to be fast, but boy is the wait worth it if you're looking for really, really good Huevos Rancheros or corned beef hash! We've been here so many times and I have yet to find a contender for their Huevos Rancheros. My better half swears by their corned beef hash too, so on our collective reviews I recommend both dishes. The staff here is also always pleasant and when given notice can accommodate large groups or special requests perfectly. I haven't personally ate here for anything other than breakfast so I can't give an honest review of their entire menu, but the next time you're in Las Vegas and are in need of a great breakfast give Raffles a shot!
3	This place is good for Breakfast and Lunch.  I haven't really tried any of their dinners so this review is basically for their breakfast and lunch menu.We can here and ordered a dish from  them and it was really salty.  Thinking it was a fluke we came back the next day and tried another, this time a signature dish, again salty. The salty dishes to stay away from: Sunday Morning Dinner and Chicken Fried Steak.What I did love:Huevos Rancheros with eggs over easy:  Don't wig out if you can't spot the eggs, they're under the giant mound of cheese, sour cream and guacamole.  This was an awesome dish.  I love everything about it.Coconut Pancakes:  Ask for the mango butter on the side not on the pancake.  The butter had a hint of citrus in it and I didn't like it but after I scrape the butter off it was hands down yummy!  Ask them to give you a little bit of carmel sauce with bananas and the pancakes are irresistable.Again they have good breakfast and lunch but don't expect a 5 star restaurant meal when you walk in.
3	This 24 hour cafe is a great place to grab a quick bite especially when it comes to breakfast. If you want something light get the exotic fruit plate. It is loaded with pineapple, melon, cantaloupe, grapes, blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, and mango. It also comes with two slices of banana bread. If you want to indulge get the stuffed french toast. It's two huge pieces of thick bread stuffed with a cream (kind of like what is in an eclair) and topped with strawberries, raspberries, and bananas. Both meals are amazing and large enough to share. Maybe get both that way you can be 50% good and 50% bad :-)
3	Surprisingly spacious "cafe" (more like an American-style restaurant) in Mandalay Bay.  Located next to the buffet, it shares real estate with the Americanified Asian restaurant next door. On a weekday morning, there was no line, and we were seated immediately. My boyfriend enjoyed eggs benedict filet mignon with a huge serving of buttery hash browns. I had a simple fruit plate ($12) with 2 very sorry, forgettable pieces of banana bread. The food overall was good-- large servings, good presentation, heavy on the butter but not overkill. The eggs were not poached very well-- poached eggs should be somewhat runny, and these were quite solid. The filet mignon was tender and tasty, though. My pineapples, cantelope, honeydew, raspberries, blackberries, blueberries, and red grapes were somewhat fresh- as fresh as you can expect in Vegas. They left the pot on our table for coffee so we each had a few cups.Service was definitely questionable. My boyfriend had to reiterate that he wanted his meat cooked medium rare; the server kept thinking he said medium. Our waitress took away our coffee cups before asking if we wanted coffee, then replaced them with someone else's off another table. The food arrived promptly, but our waiter also asked us if the food tasted all right before giving us a chance to taste it.Overall, a good experience, and one of the few restaurants in Vegas that offer a decent fruit and vegetable selection in addition to the standard American fare.
3	If you're staying at Mandalay Bay, Raffles is a decent place to have your casual meals, like breakfast and lunch. They have a fairly large menu with fair prices. Raffles is basically an upgraded and fancier Denny's.Pros:- Convenient if you're staying at Mandalay Bay- Good for large groups- Spacious cafe- Generous portions- MUST try the Huevos Ranchero!!!Cons:- Usually a wait for breakfast and lunch- Smaller parties usually wait longer than larger parties because they have separate tables for larger parties.
5	If you decide to dine here, get a window seat, it's actually very peaceful with all of the plant life.That said, we were about to see a show tonight, so we were unfortunately pressed for time.  The waitstaff took that into consideration, and made sure we were fed and out the door with time to spare.  That's not to say they rushed us.  Oh, no!  They took care of us, with no pressure, but just balanced it out with being highly efficient, to the point, and considerate.  That alone sets off the "Win Meter" in my book.But then they had to go off and have awesome food.  We chose sandwiches and soup fare based off their recommendations, and.... The baked potato soup?  Oh, freaking wow.  That was delicious, and if you don't order this, you're crazy for missing out.  I also had the chicken finger appetizer, and again, great.  My girl had the hot open faced turkey sandwich, and it went three for three.My only regret was that were in a hurry and had to gobble and go.  I'm definitely going to have to go back, so I can sit back, enjoy the food, try some more items (the soup's making a comeback, I guarantee you that), and just appreciate some solid service that looks out for you.Raffles Cafe, you have a new friend in me (as long as you have that soup, but I'd still send you a Christmas card otherwise for being so cool).
4	Since we were staying at Mandalay Bay, it was convenient to eat here. Right after checking into our room we rushed down here to eat. The only problem I have encountered here is they are a little slow with seating. The menu selection could have been a little bigger but I found some things to eat. The portions were huge, the food hot and tasty and the servers were very friendly. The nachos were loaded with cheese and other things I can't remember right now. The chicken noodle soup was good and filled with noodles and veggies. The turkey club was piled sky high with meat and the fries it came with were cooked perfectly. The sunday night gravy was yummy. Hot noodles with delicious sauce, a huge meatball and non greasy italian sausage with a generous dab of seasoned riccotta cheese and a wedge of garlic bread.  oh, and even though they didn't have a kids menu, they had no problem with me splitting my food with my daughter and split the food onto two plates before bringing it out to us. I'd eat here again.
3	#149Raffles Cafe was our final hurrah on this LV trip. In an effort to avoid the heaviest of traffic back to LA, we decided to settle on a non-buffet restaurant. We really wanted to eat at Serendipity, but ultimately elected not to because of wait times.That said, where did we end up - Mandalay Bay? Again? Weren't we just here for the Muse concert? Yes, yes, and yes! We were all craving breakfast and yelp pointed us to Raffles Cafe. The composite 3.5 rating didn't excite me, but when you're hungry, food tends to be ... well, food.I ended up ordering the Huevos Rancheros - eggs, fried tortillas, refried beans, chorizo, ranchero sauce, jack cheese, guacamole, and sour cream ($13 - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9wxxjUKdaiWeK0fGxSYhzQ?select=qDdSjXkLMaEOFLm4RgGAjQ). I was pleased with the portion size and it really hit the spot. It was perhaps a bit heavy, but after a night in LV, something like that helps.One of my friends ordered their signature item, the Filet Benedict (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9wxxjUKdaiWeK0fGxSYhzQ?select=Lf1U5jfLnmhzDDYnHTYfhQ). I didn't try it, but it sure looked tasty - she enjoyed it. My other friend ordered pancakes ... and she began devouring them before I could snap a photo!Raffles is not terrible. In general, I'd say unless you're lazy and are stuck at Mandalay Bay, make the effort to eat elsewhere. There are so many other great options in LV. Take advantage of it!
2	This place is way too overpriced for the quality you get. In our group of seven people, there were only two of us who enjoyed our meal - not great odds!To start, the servers were extremely slow. Not only that, but one of the girls received her water and there was an empty sugar packet in it!! Totally classy, Raffles. It took forever to get her a new water and then it took forever to take our orders.All of us who had eggs were unhappy - totally overcooked, no matter how you wanted them... scrambled, omelette, benedict, over-easy, we had them all. All overdone. One girl had the banana pecan waffle, which she said was good, but literally that - a waffle. As in, singular. ONE waffle. And it was at least $11, if not more.Their saving grace(s): Awesome hash browns, thick wheat toast and 2-for-1 mimosas... at least the day we went.
4	Great spot for breakfast or whatever!  Stayed at Mandalay Bay and ate here about 3 times.  I was very happy every time... food was great (although my very big guy friend was pissed when he saw the two mini burgers in front of him that he ordered.  Good quality food though, especially if you have a restaurant.com gift certificate.  Save you a lot of money!Came here for breakfast and twice after hours.  This is the only place always open.  Was very satisfied every time although the service was a bit slow (and it didn't seem very busy).  Raffles quenched my appetite and that's all the matters :).
3	Went here for breakfast this morning and it was ok at best. The service was solid and on par with any hotel cafe in town and the atmosphere standard Mandalay Bay. However, other then over priced, mediocore  food, what can you expect when eating on the strip?Anyway, now that we have that out of the way, unless your on an expense account, pass on the fillet Mignon Benedict for breakfast. At first it sounds amazing but after I took a bite, the meat tasted like it had been sitting out to cook in the Vegas summer sun instead of a grill. Hopefully it does not come back to bite me in the ass later on since I finished it all. (I was hungry, leave me alone) :)
1	This place has gone DOWNHILL!!  Food is sub-par and service is even worse, as they barely even take the time to take your order (forgetting to ask how you take your eggs and simple basics like that).  Definitely save your money for something better!!
3	We ate breakfast here - fiance had the filet Benedict, I had blueberry pancakes.  Both were fairly good, but not outstanding.  The maple syrup wasn't real and the filet, ordered medium rare, was delivered well, so they get 3 stars instead of 4.  Service was adequate but nothing special.  We would probably not return, but only because there are so many other options.
1	I stayed at Mandalay Bay July 4th weekend in a 2 bedroom suite.  I got super drunk the day I got on the 3rd, and ordered food to go at around 4 in the morning.  My burger was suppose to be medium well, but when I ate it in my room, my burger was burnt like the desert sun.  It was utterly dry.  I didn't mind to much, since I was drunk, and was supe hungry.  the next night, I went back and asked for a plastic fork for my leftovers from the same host from the previouse night.  Her name was Connie, and she refused to give us plastic forks.  She then told my boyfriend and I to order from room service to obtain a fork.  This was unacceptable to me, because who the hell refuses to give a freaking plastic fork?  So, I demanded to talk to her manager Karen.  Karen opened the drawer to the podium, the hostess Connie was in front of and pulled out 2 plastic forks?  I was so dammmmmn upset at the point.  You had them right in the drawer at the podium and rather put up a fight and give customer bad attitude than just open your stupid drawer and give us the plastic forks?  This I do not understand, whatsoever.  It's something small, but when it's something that small the hostess should not have made a problem out of this.I took the liberty of calling the food and beverage manager, I believe his name is Jason, and filed a complaint.  I do hope that he took this seriously and took appropriate action.  There are plenty of people that are looking for a job, so Connie, you are indeed replaceable.  If you don't want a job that require those particular hours, look elsewhere.I really wanted to have breakfast at Raffles on my last day here, however  I refused to go back/
4	Raffles Cafe is usually always filled during breakfast time. Their omelets are gigantic and come with a generous portion of hash browns and toast. They have create your own omelets with gourmet ingredients such as lobster, shrimp, smoked salmon, and steak. You can also substitute with egg whites or egg beaters at no extra charge. All of the breakfast items are served in massive portions, with high quality ingredients. The food itself tastes great, and the portion for the price is a real bargain. The servers are usually friendly, but the restaurant can get pretty busy sometimes. Don't expect this to be a super upscale restaurant, it is just great food with a reasonable price!
4	Slow service was tolerable due to the most delicious breakfast I ever had. I forgot the name of what I ordered, but it was eggs benedict with filet mignon and an English muffin accompanied by a large potato pancake. On nom nom!
3	Had breakfast here on a Saturday morning before hitting up the pool. Had a little bit of a wait to get seated but nothing that was not tolerable. The first thing I noticed was that Raffles was decorated nicely and we were seated at a spacious table. I hate when cafes have tiny tables and your chair ends up being bumped by others as you try to eat. I ordered biscuits and gravy for breakfast, cost was $9. My husband had pancakes which also came with eggs, bacon and sausage. I believe that was $12. I tried the bacon, it was nice and crunchy without being burnt, it made me wish I had gotten some as well. We also had yummy $12 mimosas. Service was fine, our waitress did nothing that stood out in a positive or negative fashion. Overall not a bad place to grab a breakfast if you are prepared to pay Strip prices.
2	You can gamble and drink 24/7, but try to find a place to eat after 10 pm.  Your options are pretty limited.  We arrived at Raffles about 10:30 pm after an excruciatingly long elevator ride with some drunkard behind us, and were greeted with a 20-minute wait.  Why?  The restaurant was pretty empty.Service was even slower than the wait to get in, although our server was pleasant.  Finally our food arrives-an order of hummus which was better than I expected, minus the stale pita bread, and the double-decker sliders which arrived closer to well done than the medium we ordered, but were still very good.Had the wait time been less, I would have given Raffles 3 stars, especially given the fact our wait for a table was enhanced by previously mentioned elevator drunkard arriving shortly after us and promptly vomiting in the planters at the entrance for a good 15 minutes while the hostess who was facing him pretended not to notice.  Finally another patron complained and she called for clean-up, but still never asked him to at least step around corner where there is nothing but employee only exit doors.  The hostess was gracious enough, however, to comply with elevator drunkard's insignificant other's request for a glass of water with no apologies.  I just felt bad for the poor maintenance guy.  Have you ever tried to clean puke off of rocks?  Can't be easy.  I guess my job isn't so bad after all.
4	The reviews were NOT exaggerating when they mentioned SLOW service. It was terrible. However, when the steak and eggs did come... Delicious! But it took 20 min at least.
4	In an attempt to do an 8 day Vegas/L.A. trip cheaply, I got a bunch of restaurant.com certificates and Raffles Cafe inside Mandalay Bay happened to be one of them.The decor is very zen-like and calming, which makes it a great place to dine for breakfast.  My boyfriend and I got there around 10am and the restaurant was pretty full and people looked like they were enjoying themselves (definitely a good sign).  We decided to share the Norway Benedict (smoked salmon, potato pancakes, with chives, red onions, capers and a Hollandaise sauce) and the Spinach and Chicken Egg White Omelet (something a little healthier to balance out the other dish).  The Norway Benedict was super yummy but definitely not something you can have a lot of because it is so rich.  The Egg White Omelet, on the other hand, was a little bland but I definitely felt good eating it.I would definitely come back again, especially with the awesome restaurant.com deal.  Raffles Cafe offers huge portions with a small price tag (even without the certificate)...I will definitely be back next time I'm in Sin City ;)
3	The food here is edible.  Service is random - sometimes they're all over you - sometimes you can't find them.  This past Friday, they kept coming around so it was okay.This is the generic casino cafe where you can get breakfast, lunch & dinner.  Food tastes just like a version of Denny's - some better than others.  And of course, it's over priced because it's in a casino.It's an easy choice to make when you don't know where to go & you don't want to venture out of the hotel yet - right downstairs of the guest elevators for Mandalay (not theHotel) and not too bad of a wait.
2	I know, I know.  What did I expect?  We were hungry and couldn't find any better.  Everything (food, service) was just a bit below average.  The food tasted too salty and was a tad bit too greasy.  It's nice and spacious inside though.  But that's about it for the positives.  Next time we'll pass!
3	Here is one of my shorter reviews!  (For those of you who may feel that my reviews just simply keeps going and going and going.....) I do apologize for being so lengthy but I guess I just yelp too much...Raffles Cafe... located in Mandalay Bay, was the spot that we decided to catch a late one after missing out on dinner buffets.... by the time we were hungry enough to eat, it's already 9:45pm so we had to settle for cafe instead.Our party ordered 2 dishes since we were too hungry (had a nice buffet at lunch!)  1) Fried Chicken with Veggies 2) Strawberry PancakeThe serving was decent... Had 4 pieces of fried chicken (which were fried to perfection with lots of crunch and resistance to it...) Then steam veggies because we were trying to healthy!  LOL!  Strawberry pancakes were ok, had some (not a lot) of fresh strawberries but not enough for the portion served. The theme was suppose to be a replacement of Roscoe's chicken & waffles, but instead, it's Henry's Chicken and strawberry pancakes.  With a combination of pancake, lightly covered butter spread, cruncy chicken on top it's actually pretty good!  The cost came out to be  around $40 with Tax and Tip.... pretty steep for 2 dishes at a cafe in Vegas!  Oh well, it's Vegas right?  Let's hope those slots will help me out in the near future!Service was decent.... not the greatest but ok..... The atmosphere was real nice though.Parting note... the next day we had the Bayside buffet and realized that they served the same chicken...... hmmmm.... hope they were leftovers from the buffet because it's around their closing time.... the chicken sure came out pretty quick being so crunchy and all.......I think I'll pass in the future and give the good old Bellagio cafe a go instead in the future since it cost about the same......
2	Oh, we liked this place so much the first time we ate there a couple of years ago.  We've been back a few times, and the same problems seem to continue.  This time we went for a late-ish dinner because we had a comp, given to us by the manager the LAST time, due to the horrendous service and the major kitchen screw-ups.  I decided to order the New Mexico Chicken Salad, but realized before I gave my order to the waiter that THAT was the dish I'd had problems with before.  Still, it was the only thing on the menu that appealed to me.  So I told the waiter to make sure to tell the kitchen that I expected to get fresh, warm chicken that wasn't the dried-out block of ice I had - and returned - and was comped for - the last time.  The service was definitely better than the non-existent service we experienced on our last visit, so we didn't wait too long for my salad and the Club Sandwich my husband ordered.  But when the bowl was put in front of me, I couldn't believe what I was looking at.  The chicken was shriveled, and so dried out that I couldn't even stab a piece with my fork.  It sat on a mess of soggy iceberg lettuce, mixed with tiny chunks of vegetables and black beans.  I was furious, because I'd gone out of my way to put the kitchen on notice in advance.When I asked the waiter about the iceberg lettuce, he said "Oh, the kitchen can make it with romaine."  As for the chicken, he saw that it was a disaster.  He took the dish back, and when he brought the replacement, it was EXACTLY as it should have been:  warm, moist, FRESH chicken, on fresh romaine, with a beautiful melange of vegetables and black beans.  FYI, the menu specifically states that the salad is made with romaine.  My question is:  Why, oh, why do they care so little that they can turn out this absolute CRAP and try to pass it off on customers, hoping they won't complain?  And what good is a comp if the same problems keep recurring?  For the record, my husband's club sandwich was just fine - a huge combination of enough turkey, roast beef and bacon to feed a small army, with a large portion of well-done and tasty fries.  Otherwise, this would have been a one-star rating (because zero isn't an option).But also for the record, the signature dinner rolls, which had been so delicious that they were the one reason to return to Raffles, didn't get served until I asked for them.  And even then, they didn't taste right:  the crispy top tasted a little sweet, and the roll itself was tasteless.  Someone's been messing with those, too.Will we go back?  Sure, because we have another comp, from another previous disaster of a meal there.  I didn't have the stomach to try to get one from this last experience.  Enough is enough.  But someone needs to be watching the chef.  Or even better, hiring a new one.
4	If you ono for hash browns you have to make your way to this place.  Da bomb!Only thing I didn't like.  We went around 2.  An off time.  And we had to wait about 10 minutes for a table.  The place was empty!  WTH
3	The restaurant is closer to 2.5 stars than 3 stars but since that is not an option...we'll go with 3 stars.  I'm rounding up because you can buy $25 gift certificates on restaurant.com making the prices much more reasonable.  Without the gift certificate, I would not eat here.  The food is way over-priced for the quality of food.Stopped by this weekend with a few girls and we had a variety of food.  I thought I should get some greens in me given the weekend of drinking ahead so I ordered one of their signature salads - Chinese Chicken Salad.  I should have known, Chinese Chicken Salad at a hotel cafe?  That was my first mistake.  When the salad arrived, the smell of vinegar in the dressing was overwhelming.  I have never had any dressing for any salad that used so much vinegar.  I literally had to hold my breath with each bite.  To make matters worse, the salad was $14.  Terrible!  I also had a couple bites from my friend's food since I could not eat my salad.  The pancakes my friend ordered was dry and bland.  But drenched in syrup, it was bearable.  The bacon and eggs my other friend ordered was good...but I guess it's difficult to mess up on that.The hostess did recommend the chicken wings and nachos but we didnt get a chance to try it.  If you try Raffles, definitely buy a restaurant.com certificate and maybe stick with breakfast.
4	After reading so-so reviews on yelp we weren't sure if we should eat here. Since it was breakfast and we were starving and this was the closest food to our room we just decided to give it a try. I am SO glad we did. Ordered the veggie burger, hash browns and club sandwich. All 3 of us LOVED our food. It was delicious and a decent price. I recommend to anyone who is looking for casual sit down place with yummy cafe food. Also, the decor was quite beautiful and each table felt like a little private dining area in the room we sat in.You must try the 2000 island dressing also. Delish.
1	The service is terrible, the food is terrible and price is terrible. I wouldn't have came here if I didn't get a complimentary meal from the hotel. The tomato bisque was sour. The bread was hard. I could go on.. The sliders that I order were cold, and the appetizer platter was extremely salty. Too much msg maybe? On top of that, it took forever trying to get the server because the place is so dimly lit.. I'm never coming back again, even if its free.Do not recommend this restaurant to anyone..
3	The decor and atmosphere of this place was very nice and reminded me of a Polynesian environment.  I had their speciality Banana Pecan Stuffed French Toast.  It was okay but HUGE portion and I was only able to finish half.  The "toast" was brioche bread which was just a bit TOO big and made it a little dry...
3	After our rude service at Red, White and Blue we made our way over to Raffles Cafe.  We were seated right away and the waiter that we got was very friendly and helpful!  The design of this cafe is really nice and really is one of the nicer looking cafes I have seen.  But unfortunately the food wasn't as good as the look of the cafe.We ordered the spinach and artichoke dip and we shared the club sandwich.  The dip was really good but the chips that they served with it were like they just opened a bag from the store.  The sandwich wasn't a real "club" sandwich like I was expecting it was more like a deli style.  It was just O.K.The service was good though and I would come back to try different items on their menu.
2	Much more expensive for all offerings than any of them should be given the lackluster taste.  For lack of a better word, I'd say the pricing was predatory.  No reasonable combos; stingy portions; everything gets treated as an add-on.  The waiter was disinterested in serving us and seemed generally rude.  We were seated way too close to other people despite the place being generally empty.
1	I am so pissed at myself for letting me endure this food and above all pay what I paid for what I ate here.  To try to get some semblance of value for my money, I forced myself to eat my pasta dish.  It was the Sunday Gravy dish, basically pasta with a variety of meats in a tomato sauce.  The tomato sauce felt pasty; it was strange.  The sausage and meatball didn't seem like it was meat at all.  But I endured and kept my opinion to myself.  I was in a party of 9 here.  7 of us were disappointed with our food.NO NO NO...do not here.  We only ate here because it was recommended from a friend.  ICK ICK ICK...By the way, service was pretty good.  This is all they have going for them.
4	I had breakfast again at Raffles for the second time in 2010 this November while on vacation from the Hawaii.  I ordered the Norwegian Benedict and totally enjoyed my breakfast.  The staff seemed to be worn out and zombie-like; maybe due to the 120,000 auto after-market convention people and three battalions of Marines in town for the weekend.This time at Raffles; food 4 stars / staff 3 stars.
4	*Friend* and I went here after my massage for brunch (per the recommendation of my massage therapist)...We walked in and there was a wait... ME: damn, must be really good.We didn't really have to wait long... we got seated within 10 minutes and given the menu.Their breakfast menu was very extensive... lots of options. I chose this place particular due to their filet benedict since the friend is in love with anything benedict. Our server came by right away... and I got the stuffed french toast with mixed berries along with a lemonade... friend got the filet benedict... Food came by really quick... it's definitely Vegas sized portions ... huge! The stuffed french toast was delicious... considering I'm not a big breakfast person... it was really good. It wasn't dry... not too sweet... it was just the right mixed. I only ate half of it since it was huge. Friend thought the benedict was ok... it was "interesting" and a new twist to the typical breakfast benedicts. Anyway, service was decent... friendly. Good spot for breakfast/brunch.
3	Convenient if you're hungry inside the Mandalay Bay, but expect mediocrity at best.   One dish I would definitely recommend if you are fiending for breakfast is the the corned beef hash.    Mixed with the potato hash browns and molded into a dome mound with superfluous portions of lean beef.   Delectable
4	honestly.. i was expecting a pile of poo..  it was really pretty.. but being in vegas, that doesnt mean the food is going to be delicious. we took a look at the menu and everything is reasonably priced ($10-25)..we were seated and ordered our drinks and then food.. the wait was miserable. it didnt help that we were starving.. im not sure if it was 10 or 15 minutes... but it felt like for.ev.er.. thats when i realized the food is gna prolly be meh.. possibly ass-like...while we waited, i was able to admire the view.. the set up and decoration was so nice. if i ever have a house by the beach i want it to look like raffles cafe. speaking of which, i'd want the chefs from raffles to live at my hypothetical beach house.. the food finally came and it looked and smelled delicious.. i got the chinese chicken salad and it was really good. definitely better than other chinese chicken salads that ive had (thanks to their secret dressing, cashews, and chicken:vegetable ratio) but it wasnt anything amazing.the sandwiches looked really delicious. and portion-wise (if you're moderately hungry/not-starving) you can def feed 2 ppl with 1 sandwich. they were really tastey too! their coleslaw is amazing.. i dont know what it is, but i wish i ordered a bowl of that.. my mom ordered the grilled cheese... and OMG. it was rich. it was delicious. it was all i could ask for. i have to admit, it was missing something.. im not entirely sure what..  their potato soup. (yea, potato soup).. de-freakin-licious.. im currently in mandalay bay and im tempted to go to raffles tmrw morning and ordering a bowl of coleslaw with a side or grilled cheese sandwich...
4	I was staying at the Mandalay Bay, had just gotten back from a long night out, and was in desperate need of food.  And there was Raffles.  I was expecting that anything open that late at night must have been of horrible quality.  It wasn't!  It was exactly what I wanted and needed, and the friend I was with said that her eggs were perfect too.  Because we had such a good late night experience, we went to Raffles every day for breakfast/brunch after that.  We were afraid that we had just thought it was good because we'd been drunk, but it was actually good in the morning as well.  Don't expect perfection, but I think it was definitely worth it.
3	We went here one morning for breakfast. This place is much better than the Bayside Buffet which is also located in Mandalay Bay. I had the chicken fried steak and eggs which was pretty good. The other two with me had the huevos rancheros and the pancakes. They seemed to be pretty happy with what they ordered. The next morning, we tried the Bayside Buffet and wished we had stuck with Raffles instead.
2	I came here because I had a $20 breakfast credit here, so free breakfast, win! But this place wasn't very good at all..... I ordered the Norway Benedict, and my sister ordered the Eggs Benedict.Our food came in a timely manner, actually, relatively fast! (nice!) Mine came with smoked salmon, a poached egg served over hash browns, topped with loads of hollindaise sauce and some capers.The hash browns were good, it's too bad they were drenched in hollandaise.Overload!!!Secondly, the smoked salmon like...cooked! The texture was kind of awkward.The poached egg was not very good, It was like cooked for 2 seconds...mostly raw it was pretty nasty. However, the serving size was more than plentiful! But overall, not worth the price!
3	Came here for breakfast and got the pancake tower (pancakes, eggs, sausage, and bacon). It's your basic breakfast, nothing super fancy. Service was great. Our waitress was really funny. Chatted it up a little with her and had a good laugh. Overall: 3.5 starsFood: 3 starsService: 4 starsAmbiance: 3 stars
2	If you love Eggs Benedict don't order it at this restaurant. Their version of Hollandaise sauce consists of eggs and butter. It's pretty awful.Spent a week at Thehotel at Mandalay having our breakfasts at the hotel cafe Raffles. The first time I ordered their Eggs Benedict I was shocked that the hollandaise lacked acid. Everyone knows you need a little acid like lemon in hollandaise. So I ordered lemon wedges, squeezed them on the sauce and all was good. I figured this was a one time mistake so I ordered the same thing a few days later and got the same results. This time the food was cold. I asked the waitress if could get the my food warmed up and she said if she warmed the sauce it would "break." I laughed.Make sure to check you bill. We were charged for something we did not order.
3	Hit and miss service. Pretty good food, but seems to try to overcome mediocrity with huge portions. Not so much a fan of that strategy. Very convenient if you're staying at Mandalay Bay.
4	Years ago I came to Raffles on a whim. It was the first time I ate at a sit down instead of buffet for breakfast in vegas. The food didn't stay in my mind so much as the nice decor, atmosphere and friendly wait staff. My last visit reminded me why I enjoyed the first visit.Gf ordered the lobster omelette which was tasty. The brie cheese and gooey egg created a nice texture and flavor if ur into that sort of thing (like custards). The asparagus was firm and juicy.I ordered the corn beef hash, as recommended by other reviewers. A healthy portion size coupled with perfect over medium eggs made for a satisfying last meal before the trek home.All the while, a large pot of brewed coffee kept us company along with our attentive waitress Stacy.I read a review saying its an overpriced denny's and I'm sure you can find better and cheaper on the strip. For me, the overall experience fit the bill and was a nice cap to a great weekend.
4	Had lunch here while in Vegas. It was nice, the service was a bit slow, I think the server may have been in charge of too many tables and the host took a while to seat me.I had a Mexican Salad which was really good. I asked for the dressing on the side, which I would always recommend as they do serve a ton of dressing otherwise. Saw some other entrees come out and everything looked good. My meal also came with bread which was hot and crispy, yum!I would definietly go back if I was staying at the Mandalay again.
1	Avoid eating here at all costs. Unfortunately if you are staying at Mandalay Bay your options for breakfast are extremely limited but anything is better than this place.  It took 10 mins for the waitress to actually ask for my order, then when I finally got my order 30 mins later it had a hair in it!  The food was on par with IHOP quality... and totally overpriced.
4	Had lunch here with the hubs, and it was delicious. He got an enormous club sandwich and I had the shrimp wrap, every thing was delicious. The service was great and with our restaurant.com voucher, everything only came to $13.
5	We've dined here a number of times in Jan 11.  Jody was a superstar waitress. We had breakfast & lunch.Breakfast- Eggs Benedict,Coconut pancakes, both were heavenly.Lunch- Fish and Chips,Chinese Chicken Salad.  Large portions. Flaky dinner rolls with creamy butter.
2	Since this cafe is open 24-hours, we ended up here after trying to hit up club Mix. There was no wait for a table, thank goodness, and the server took our order right away.  Food came in a timely manner, and yes, it was definitely tasty. We ordered cheeseburgers and club sandwiches with fries.  Manager on duty came over to the table and harassed us a little bit, saying we had to keep it down because we were too loud. OK really? There were only 4 of us, and there were bigger parties sitting around us being way louder! WTF? She came back a second time to be a jerk just because one of us had asked for mayonnaise, not knowing it was right in front of him.  I don't know, maybe she thought he was being a smart ass about it? Whatever. Totally rude and unprofessional.  Our server was GREAT and even though his boss was a d--- we left him with a good tip.
4	Big Food for big appetites. I've been here several times and every time I'm happy with what I've had. I showed up today craving stuffed french toast, and let myself make a spontaneous decision to have the corned beef hash and eggs instead. Jeeze louise. that's a whole lotta hash. So much so that I don't think I'll ever get that again .. it's just too much.This was actually the first time I've had breakfast here. Usually I have some sort of sandwich or the massive nachos with friends to share. The place isn't fancy, but the food is good, plentiful and reasonably priced.Next time I'm not letting myself get side tracked. I will have you, banana stuffed french toast. YOU WILL BE MINE!
1	Raffles has terrible customer service. Just rolled into Vegas, checked into Mandalay and hungry. First restaurant we see and approach (first mistake). Hostess is obviously pissed off that we would want to be seated. We're curtly told that it will be a few minutes. . .hmm. . .the place is nearly empty. Get seated, menus tossed at us then . . .wait for it. . . we became invisible! Amazing! I've always wanted that power and now I've got it at a time when I am extremely hungry. Sat, sat, sat, sat, sat, sat, sat, ad nauseam. We took our souls elsewhere.  And I am not lying about being invisible because no one even noticed when we left!!
4	It can be hard to find good food and a decent price in Vegas.  For me, Raffles managed to combine both of those desires with a quiet, relaxing, comfortable environment and I really enjoyed my dinner there.  This is a 24-hour cafe in Mandalay Bay.  The food was not stellar or fancy (most of us had pancakes) but it was good and reasonably priced (for Vegas).  Service was friendly and it was a nice, quiet little place to eat at the end of a busy day.  I would definitely seek this cafe out on my next visit.
1	BROKEN GLASS EVERYWHERENo, this is not a line from Grandmaster Flash but literally, there were shards of glass underneath my table!!!I was eating with my friends this morning when I felt something wet on my foot.  When I looked down, I was shocked to see my foot covered in blood!  I became nauseated and wanted to faint.  I called the server to ask for a band aid and told him that I had cut myself on a piece of glass.  As I examined the floor I found more broken pieces!   When the server disappeared for more than TEN MINUTES I then asked for the Manager who took another FIVE minutes to attend to me.  WHY WERE THEY TAKING SO LONG!?When the Manager came, that is when I realized Mandalay Bay will hire just anyone who will work the graveyard shift.  The manager's attitude about the entire situation was disappointing and disrespectful.  There I was, bleeding profusely (cut was pretty deep) and she didn't rush over to me because she said she was waiting for security because that is their policy.  I understand business has policies but I what I don't is why she couldn't come over immediately to assess the situation.  The cafe was empty (it was 6am) and I was flagging down every server to get the Manager.  The demeanor and tone she used made me feel like she really didn't give a crap about her customer.  All she had to say was, "I'm sorry this happened I will get security to help you with first aid." but when I told her that she said with attitude, "I cannot apologize because then I'm claiming liability.  Also, our business policy states that you cannot be barefoot." Which got me more upset because I came in wearing heels!  I took them off while eating .  I've seen kids crawling on the floors at these restaurants what if a piece of glass had cut one of them?!  What if someone fell and sliced their wrist on the glass?!  Mandalay Bay used to be a high-class resort with excellent customer care but they have definitely lost their value.  Maybe that is why their room rates were significantly lower than the others on the strip- no one is staying there anymore.  They have nice rooms but I don't think I will be coming back here anymore.I hope someone at Mandalay Bay can address this rude Manager at Raffles Cafe and get her fired.   She's a black girl, in her early thirty's with glasses I didn't get her name, right when I started filing a complaint she disappeared.  She should not be allowed to work in any customer service position.  What a bad way to end my weekend in Vegas.
4	Big surprise.  The breakfast is awesome.  That itself would get 5 stars.  The other food is alright, which is still good.  The corned beef hash is enough for 2 and is home made.  Good stuff.  The French Toast was amazing.  Brioche used was huge and it came with enough butter and syrup to bathe in.  Great breakfast.  Servers are uber busy but can still get a little humorous service in.
3	Stopped in for a late afternoon snack and decided on the banana pecan waffles.  Only ate 1/4 of  the waffles.  Bananas/pecans were good but I've had better waffles.  I like them more light and crisp, these were kinda thick and stale. Service was good, as a expected.
3	I had eggs, bacon, and hash browns. Service was a little slow, but good. The food was just ok. I prefer the Grand Lux cafe.
2	Don't go out of your way to go here.  They are open 24 hours and that is the best I can say about them.  One night I was so tired that by the time my food came I was too tired to eat. I had three bites, tossed some money on the table and went upstairs to crash.  What's crazy is that there were plenty of servers but there must have only been one cook.
4	Food comes in big portions. Friend and I both ordered a classic club with fries for lunch, and it was huge, and fries filled the entire plate. Service was wonderful, fast and friendly. It was kind of weird how empty the place was. I mean it was a big restaurant, but there were only about 5 or 6 tables occupied. Im not sure if its because we came at a 'not so busy time' but No complaints though, food was good and waitress was nice. I'd come here again if i was around the strip area.
3	Typical brunch / diner food.  Biscuits and gravy, pancakes, french toast, eggs, and bacon were good.  Sausage was questionable.Good for 24 hour eating and hangover brunches but nothing special.
1	I am a local so I know what type of food the casinos are capable of producing.  A friend and I came here in search of dessert after an event produced by the Cupcakery (a local bakery) didn't deliver, to our disappointment.  It was past midnight by the time we made our way over here. We ordered coffee, a chocolate souffle cake and I ordered two biscuits on the side, since I felt like some breakfasty food.  Service was slow, and I got  two biscuits that were HARD AS A ROCK.  Literally, i clinked them against the plate rather loudly-they were like hockey pucks.  $3 for two.  The waiter heard them and apologized, and he microwaves them and comes back.  Won't be returning.  It was $14 for one coffee, two biscuits and a mediocre chocolate lava cake.  Company was lovely, though.  I'd suggest you go elsewhere, like Serendipity  at the Paris.
2	I usually rave to friends about the quality of the prime rib at Raffles.  My recent experience there was not pleasant though.  The prime rib was rubbery (normally, its melt in your mouth good).  I dont know if they reduced the quality of the beef they purchase or maybe it was just a bad night.
1	Major disappointment! Visited late evening; ordered shrimp cocktail, highlighted as a "signature" dish. It was a cup of tiny opaque "bay shrimp"!  I'm still mad at myself for not sending it back. When time to leave, waiter was missing. After flagging another waiter, we eventually learned ours went on break and turned us over to someone that never came by!!!! Vegas has great restaurants-don't waste your money here. Free food wouldn't get me back.
3	The following review is based on a brunch experience:I read through many reviews, most of which were bad, yet I still came here because of the deal on www.restaurant.comWas I disappointed?  NOThis is a diner/cafe and I reviewed it based on what I expect of a diner/cafe.  FOOD:  3 starsSpinach and Chicken Egg White Omelet The omelet wasn't greasy and salty which is a good thing for me. This was far from the best omelet I've had; it could have used a more diverse array of vegetables and bigger chunks of chicken.  It was definitely hearty and filling.  The hash browns weren't particularly impressive; they seemed like the stuff you get in bulk from the freezer aisle at Costco.  Stuffed French Toast - Mixed BerriesThe french toast was stuffed with a custard that wasn't overly sweet.  The berries on the side were very fresh and flavorful.  I'm not very interested in sweet breakfast foods, but I enjoyed this particular plate.  SERVICE:  4 starsMost the negative reviews I read were about the service. I wouldn't say the service was great, but it wasn't horrible.  Our server wasn't particularly quick or charming, but she was efficient, accommodating, and attentive.  VALUE:  3 starsI probably wouldn't eat here without the restaurant.com deal.  Our $30 breakfast came down to $13.   The food is decent, but not proportionate to the prices.  If I'm paying near $14 for an omelet, it better be packed with some organic vegetables and game hen.
3	Went there for bacon and eggs.  It's what I expected for bacon and eggs.  They did give me a ton of hash browns which were cooked through.  I've been to places where it's crunchy on the outside and raw on the inside.  Service is easily 4-5 stars.  Food here seems decent.
4	This is not fine Las Vegas dining by any means, but the portions are large, food is tasty and cost is cheaper than the other places around it.I stopped in by myself (running very late for a party), got seated, ordered the Prime Rib french dip sandwich with fries and ate it all within 20 minutes. My waiter was awesome, attentive and didn't care that I rushed him.Definitely adding this place to my food options list when I'm in Las Vegas.
4	I love giving my $10 meal at Raffles a higher rating than my $100 meal at MIX...hahah! Raffles is great for late night dining as well as breakfast. While staying at THE Hotel for the weekend I came here twice and got the same thing....it was that good. I'm pretty sure this place is open to at least 3am....that's around the time I got there on a Friday night/Saturday morning. Now, I'm not going to say that I was in the mood for a refined meal...I probably would have eaten anything. BUT, that's not the point. I had amazing huevos ranchos here and I appreciate the large selection on the menu. Not much of a wait, either.The huevos ranchos were a bit different then I've had elsewhere. They serve some grilled spicy sausage on the side and they fry the corn tortillas under the eggs, guac, cheese and beans so that you have a bit of a crunch, which was nice. My meal, like I said, was about $10, but I was a bit mad that I paid $3 for a diet coke. Skip the soda and go with a water...you know you're dehydrated if you're coming here at 3am anyway..come on. :DWhen back here Sunday morning for some more huevos ranchos....as good as I remembered Friday...
3	This is an ok place to go to eat if you dont have time to go else where or dont feel like leaving. Their sandwiches are really big and it will definitely fill you up. The price isnt all that bad for it being in vegas. You'll spend about $10 and be pretty satisfied. It's a solid choice for a last minute meal.
2	I decided to go to Raffles on the recommendation of a friend.  She told me to try the Stuffed Banana Pecan French Toast...good as a concept, not so good in practice.  When I got it, it was cold (okay...maybe lukewarm, but I was hungry and I had places I needed to be and didn't have time to send it back or I would have.)  One side was burnt, as in black.  How they didn't notice this when they artfully arranged it on my plate is beyond me.  Think...burnt toast and bananas.  I didn't finish it all, because honestly I didn't feel it was that great.  Later that night me and the man were hungry and decided to try out House of Blues also in Mandalay Bay, but it was closed.  It was late, we were hungry and didn't want to go searching. Raffles was a convenient choice for us, although eating in the same place twice in one day while in Vegas was really unaplealing to me.I am perfectly willing to give a  place a second chance, I am not going to write a place off wihen I have one bad experience.  I work in a restaurant myself, I know, not every dining experience is going to be great, if you want that, then stay home.  So despite my lackluster breakfast, I thought okay I am going to give this another shot.   We perused the menu and decided okay for a late dinner this might be okay.  Well they have a late night menu, which is NOT displayed (Late being like 10:30 pm) and so the items we wanted were not available.  Not cool, Raffles, not cool.  I love breakfast food, so I decided I would try an omelet, well done, as in not runny.  It was overdone, rubbery, dry and strangly runny on the inside.  The hash brown potatoes, were gross...and I love potatoes!  He had a burger, he liked it.  He also ordered a milkshake, on a scale of 1-10 he gave it a 6.  We did however order the spinach artichoke dip as an appetizer and we were practically fighting over who got to lick the bowl.  It was really good.Personally I just think this is overpriced dressed up diner food.  Our server though, Virginia was a little slow (But we were not her ONLY table, she did get a party in addiition to us and other tables, so we can't fault her too much for that.)  And she made up for it with her great sense of humor.  In fact she was probably the best part of our experience.Will I go to Raffles again?  No.Will I recommend it to anyone? No.
3	The big thing going for this place is location. It's very convenient if you are staying in the hotel. Otherwise, don't bother. There are places with better food for cheaper off property. At Raffles, you get average food in a nice atmosphere for an expensive price.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE!I am a Las Vegas local, and normally I would not take the time to write a bad review, but if ever a place in this town deserved one, it would be Raffles Cafe. the host staff was very unwelcoming, borderline rude, they tell us it will be a ten minute wait, meanwhile the place is empty, than she turns her back to us and continues talking story to the manager who proceeds to deliver the punchline to his joke! HELLO! can I be seated please? thank you! sorry to trouble you and all, but GIVE ME A BREAK! and speaking of jokes, the menu, (if you want to call it that) was a front a back piece of greasy cardboard, we were later told it was the late night menu, and it was all they were offering, 5pm, and they are already only serving the late night menu?!?! now the hostess was incredibly rude, sure, but at least she spoke English, which is more than I can say for the mustache duo whom we seemed to inconvenience by wanting to order food. to make a long review short, the food was alright, but had little to almost no options, the service was slow at best, and my server spoke to me in English (kinda) but spoke Spanish to the other staff members, which I found to be very rude considering all they were doing was standing around talking! but on the flip side, the portions of food are big, and the check was reasonable small, and the service seemed to improve throughout the meal. (thanks to the attentive drink guy) I have eaten here a number of times over the years, and never have I seen a place go from  HOT to NOT so drastically, I will never return to eat here again. Sorry Mandalay Bay.
2	Not a fan of their service or menu during breakfast.
3	So this place was surprising...  we had a party of 20 and it took us 30 mins to get a table (at 4am) so this place must be good if it's that busy (at this hour).  The wife and I split a chicken fried steak dinner and it was surprisingly good.  DAMN their water was good (I had 4 glasses but I think it was from the night's activity that made the water so good).  Would I come here again?  Yes, for what we asked for and needed, this place was great.  Regular dining?  Probably not.
1	We got here around 3 a.m. -- after driving in from San Francisco.  Needless to say, we were pretty hungry and tired.The food experience was fine.  They may have been a little slower than usual, but we were too tired to care/notice.  We were seated in about 10 minutes -- despite there being nobody in the cafe -- and we sat down and got our food in a timely fashion (though we did have to flag down the water guy).  Fine -- not excellent, and not horrible.Then, we're sitting there after we've paid our bill, just talking to each other.  We're talking for awhile -- probably about a half-hour or so, but there's literally nobody in the restaurant.  The entire restaurant probably seats hundreds (it's divided into sections, so it's hard to tell), but in our section alone there are about 10 empty tables.  Anyway, then the manager comes over and asks us if we're going to order anything else.  "Oh, no," we say, "We've already paid the bill.  We're just talking.""Ok," she says, "So...could you please leave?"We're kind of like, ok, whatever, and then she says, "Because I've got a line of people waiting outside, including a six-person party, and," (she gestures around the empty restaurant, "We need this table"What?  We thought she was joking!  She was actually asking us to leave because the restaurant was "so busy" despite the fact that there were about 10 empty tables right next to us.We said that -- "are you joking?" -- and she tried to save it by saying she only had one server on duty.  Right, but we were done, we were not ordering anything, and I might even be able to understand if she wanted to keep everyone in one section.  But there were easily 60 seats in the section we were in.  Anyway, we walked outside and, sure enough, there was a line of about 10 people outside who said they'd been waiting almost an hour -- yeah, for a seat in a near-empty restaurant.  We told them to go somewhere else.
3	Almost every casino has a 24 hr cafe or diner. This is one of the best in that category. Sure, there are more exciting places to eat in Vegas, but if it were in (insert small town here), it would be one of the best restaurants in town.
3	Mandalay Bay's version of the ubiquitous 24 hour casino cafe.  They've got the standard menu. There's a little something from breakfast, to burgers and sandwiches, to a few basic dinner entrees. For this dinner my son went safe with the grilled cheese and I picked the filet benedict.The grilled cheese was served with tomato soup and it was a hit. Sure, you wouldn't think that anyone could mess up grilled cheese, but it's been done before. Not today.  The filet benedict was just OK. I asked for medium, and medium it was. Not spectacular, but decent and filling.Service was great: refills were quick and our order came out fairly quickly as well.  They do a decent job of feeding the late night crowd.
4	This is what I love about Vegas. Spend a day by the pool. Do some shopping, a little venue hopping and then contribute some cash to your favorite games. Dinner at 10 pm is not De rigueur for me but on this night it was and Raffles did not bat any eye when I wanted eggs Benedict. Better yet they did not serve me Hollandaise left over from breakfast. You can order the whole menu anytime and there's something for everyone. Our group of five was pleased with all items ordered and exceptionally cheery service.
3	FYI, I think their breakfast items are better than their dinner items :)During my last trip to Vegas, I ate here twice (the second time, only because I had a free $50 meal credit to use), and both experiences were ... nothing extraordinary.Please listen to other reviewers; if you are planning on eating here and will have access to a computer and printer, then go on restaurant.com! You can purchase a $25 gift certificate or $50 gift certificate for like $15 or something like that (obviously more for the $50 one).[Dinner experience]Our waiter seemed to be someone taken off the streets and was given a crash course in waitering prior to just serving us -- he wasn't well groomed, didn't seem friendly or did anything to make himself stand out, he just seemed very robotic.Now, moving on to the food: for appetizers,  we ordered chicken tenders for $12. The food description failed to mention that you only get three chicken strips, and that they're served on a bed of thin cut fries. Should have been listed as an entree instead, those chicken tenders were nothing special at all, and only three chicken pieces on top of that? How insulting!My friend ordered the Grilled Cheese, and their choice of cheese for the childhood favorite is fontina ... which I thought was very ... interesting. He loves Grilled Cheese sandwiches though, so he loved it, and also loved the fact that it was served with a bowl of Tomato Soup. However, I tried his sandwich, and was not a fan of it at all, haha. The cheese was too tart for me? I don't know, but it definitely wasn't my forte.I ordered the Prime Rib Sandwich; overall, it was okay. REALLLLY big sandwich though, I had to use a fork to eat some pieces of meat to make it easier to hold. Other than that, and realizing that there was no cheese on my sandwich, it was good. The meat could have been flavored so much better, though. Total for all of that came to almost $60, what! Haha, it was a decent meal, but worth almost $60? Hell NO![Breakfast experience]Probably because I never wake up early enough to enjoy a nice breakfast, I'm easily swayed to rate any breakfast experience a good one :)Friend ordered some Banana-stuffed French Toast with some pecans thrown in there, and I had the ... Eggs Benedict (my favorite breakfast food!) Both were delicious, and the total for the meal was way more reasonable than our dinner from the previous night!Overall, both experiences at Raffles were okay, but I have to ding a star because my waiter on the second trip there was really shady. He told me that I could use the rest of my $50 meal credit (given to me by Mandalay Bay staff) to tip him out, so I trusted and believed him, and upon checkout at the hotel, realized the guy lied to me and the staff was asking me to pay THEM (the hotel) the money I left in tip, which the waiter had already collected! But after explaining the situation to staff, they were able to take back the guys tip and I didn't have to pay anything, so I was happy.
3	The last meal I had in Vegas and I chose to order the omelet with smoked salmon with spinach. I thought it was okay. The smoked salmon could have been fresher in my opinion. Plus there's no cheese. I mean you can have cheese if you picked it as one of the two topping choices, but seriously, how plain is that. I really wish cheese wasn't a choice of topping, but instead to just let you have it. The hash browns that came with it was alright. I only ate the crispy pieces because what wasn't was kind of mushy and had a slight weird taste to it. That's what I thought because my sister who tried it said it was fine.I'll come back again and maybe next time, I'll pick a signature dish.
3	Open late night so that's a plus - you know when you're hungry at 2am and anything goes? The server here was friendly - was patient with me even though I was hungry and cranky and vegetarian! Food, of course, was average but for a late night place, it suffices.
4	The food at this restaurant is very good for a Hotel. If you are looking for a quiet dinner and do not want to eat at the buffet this is the place fits the bill. The nachos are huge and quite tasty. The staff is very attentive and courteous. This place is child friendly as well. The french dip sandwich is very good and comes with a generous portion of prime rib. I was quite surprised by the open faced Turkey sandwich it was very good and I would recommend trying it. This place is open 24hrs and also serves breakfast all day long.
1	itching to get into a fight? do you want to start off your day in a bad mood? if so start your day off at raffles!!!SERIOUSLY. this is the worst service i've EVER had in my life and i've had some shitty service. ok let me start from the beginning, i've been wanting to eat here a handful of times but never got to it and finally on our last morning and i decided to eat here before we checked out. we got seated around 10:30 AM..usually i get my drink order within 5 minutes but no...it took almost 20 minutes for our waitress, stacyann (BEWARE IF SHE IS YOUR WAITRESS ASK FOR ANOTHER ONE OR LEAVE) to come for our drink orders i ordered cranberry and my friend ordered coffee..and she was about to leave and i told her we wanted to order and she gave the "my shit don't stink face" and said uhm ok. i ordered the open face turkey sandwich, something that my mama loved and really hard to find, and my friend go the french toast. we got our drinks within 5 minutes and during that time i read the quick tip about stacyann being horrible...great just my luck, but i wanted a good last meal in vegas so i brushed it off. i got my cranberry juice and i was thirsty so i took a BIG gulp and almost spit it out. it was DISGUSTING it was watered down had some sort of carbonation and a slight hint of cranberry. i asked for another one and once again she gave me the "my shit don't stink face" UGH she brought it out and this one was good, but i started to feel sick like i drank someones leftover cranberry juice. anyways i drank that down to get that nasty taste out of my mouth and i asked for a refill (ok hint i said REFILL) she said that there was no more cranberry juice but that i can have OJ. i said whatever and she brought it out w/ the food 30 MINUTES LATERi was REALLY upset and wanted to eat and leave so my BF asked for the check right away and it took her 40 MINUTES TO GET THE CHECK WTF!!!!!!!!!!! ugh and when we got the check she charged me for the cranberry juice and the OJ and when i told her why she said juices aren't refillable. WHY COULDN'T SHE SAY THAT EARLIER? and really w/ that NASTY cranberry shouldn't she have not even charged us? UGH we just paid and left and gave her a big fat 0 tip. honestly she shouldn't be a waitress esp at a las vegas hotel. she put us in such a bad mood for the next couple of hours. i will NEVER come back even though the food was decent. management should realize who they hire and should REGULATE if service is THAT bad
3	Went to Raffles Cafe with my girlfriend at breakfast on a Tuesday on a recent trip to Vegas.  When we arrived, we were promptly greeted and seated.  I had the Norway Benedict (Smoked Salmon, Poached Eggs, Potato Pancakes) and my girlfriend had the Pancake Tower.  Portion sizes were very good and liquids were refreshed at a good rate plus the coffee was good...unlike some of the other places we went (I'm talking to you America Cafe).  To put the icing on the cake we had a Restaurant.com certificate so frankly this meal was a bargain.  Even without the discount this was a good relaxing place to eat on the strip.
1	This place is awful. Do not eat here! You are much better off at mandalays buffet. Seriously, from spoiled fruit to jerky-like bacon this place had no redeeming qualities. The buffet is cheaper and soooo much better.
4	Just get take the time to get the stuffed french toast and call it a day :) The service was quite slow, and I thought of leaving before getting the order but decided to give it a chance. The food was tasty but the stuffed french toast was amazing, and it will stuff you! Coffee refill were plenty and the coffee was really tasteful.
3	Came here at 4AM because it was the only thing open.I got the "Super Nachos" and they were disgusting.  I wanted to vomit after I ate about 1/3.  My healthy friend got an egg-white omelette that she said was fine.  Points for them for having healthy options!  This is just your average food place in Vegas that you come to when you need a quick fix.  Just avoid the nachos.
4	Service is kinda slow, but what do you expect at 2:00am.  The chicken fried steak n eggs are the bomb here all the time.
3	I ate here twice during my last visit in Vegas.  And it probably had to do with the fact that it was close to where we were staying.  There is always a wait for a table and the service is slowed and hurried at the same time.The eggs Benedict is ok.  The hollandaise sauce was a bit bland and could have used a little more lemon.  The coffee was good and it's a great place if you want a slow and relaxing meal.  Prices are on the cheaper end for breakfast.  I highly recommend sitting in the sun room.  It's gorgeous with all the windows and sun coming through.
4	Omg french toast heaven! For the price and the quality you've gotta try. If u get Staceyann as your server your in good hands.
5	Great place for breakfast after a night of heavy partying.  It's in the Mandalay Bay, so if you have a car, it's a drive south, and then the parking is a bit harder at Mandalay (sometimes the valet is only for guests only)But the food is EXCELLENT and the service is quite good.  The temperature is a bit cold... or maybe we were just super hung over... either way, it was great.  I had the steak and eggs and my sister had the french toast (they are huge, beware).It is totally worth the coupon on restaurant.com
4	My boyfriend and I had breakfast here THREE times during our Vegas trip. We never had to wait for a table; the service was prompt and courteous. I had the egg white, spinach, and chicken omelette (three freakin' days in a row.. so ashamed). Loved it. My boyfriend loved the stuffed french toast with bananas and pecans. I had a bite and it was delicious.Their mimosas were decent ($7) - I could barely taste the OJ ;-)
3	Raffles is definitely not in the "super-nommy-alicious" category however, if you are staying at Mandalay Bay or The Hotel, it's in the "super-convenient" category. The service is just plain slow, getting seated is slow, getting your order taken is slow and getting your food is slow. Depending on when you go, you could end up with the nicest server you have ever met, or the worst person Vegas has to offer, I have never met an in-betweener here. The seats are comfy though and the food is alright. They take part in restaurant.com, which I highly recommend getting if you are staying at Mandalay Bay because chances are, you will be coming here for at least one meal. I have had the lobster omelet, which was sadly bland, but very fresh. The BLT is actually the best thing on the menu, as far as I'm concerned. My daughter raved about their pancakes which were huge, two kids could easily share them. My biggest complaint about Raffles is that you cannot put in a take out order unless you are sat at a table. So if there is an hour wait, you have to wait an hour and sit at a table to order milk. Yes....that happened.
2	I have eaten here a few times before, but it was many years ago, I remembered the breakfast was pretty good.  Last night was my first night away from my two year old in a long time.  After seeing one of the most amazing shows I have ever seen, Michael Jackson Immortal we decided to go to Raffles Cafe for a small bite.  We entered Raffles and was seated pretty quickly.  Then we waited about 15 minutes for the server.  At 9:25 we ordered our food: soup, salad and French toast.  At 10:15, with our server no where in sight and no food to eat we walked out.
5	We stopped here for a late dinner. We had a gift certificate from restaurant.com that they happily accepted and made our meal even more affordable.Service was great. We were seated right away by the hostess. We were asked what we wanted to drink and were served them by another nice woman. Our orders were taken and our food was served by a nice gentleman. Even with some commotion going on in the kitchen (sounded like someone got hit by a door and dropped some dishes), the atmosphere was quiet and romantic. The menu was limited (which is fine by me) and printed on a large 2 sided card but the selections available all looked good. My wife ordered the 8 oz Angus ground sirloin burger, medium, with pepper jack cheese. They offered American, Swiss, Provolone or Pepper Jack if I remember right. She ordered fries as her side (included). She said her burger was cooked perfectly and it really was a whopping 8 oz. So big the roll had trouble keeping it all together. She said it was juicy and full of flavor. The fries were crisp and hot, not greasy.I ordered the Eyecandy club on wheat toast with cole slaw on the side. The club had turkey and roast beef with bacon, lettuce, tomato and 2000 island (thats what they call it) dressing. It was fresh and it was huge. I could only eat half. We ended up splitting the other half later in our room. The cole slaw was fresh and crunchy with just the right amount of sweetness. Each platter also came with a whole pickle.I found 4 bucks for a Pepsi to be a bit high but yeah I know, it's Vegas.This looks like a fancy joint but the menu is diner fare done right and it's affordable. We planned on eating here again but got sidetracked by other plans. We will eat here again during our next stay.
4	One of my favorite place to eat prime rib, juicy and suculant lots of flavor oh also their fried chicken is the best. Service here sometimes tends to be very horrible had a few bad service here , but I still come back because of the prime rib.
5	Great food, great service, reasonable prices and atmosphere was conducive to comfortable dining.  Had breakfast lunch and supper.
3	If you are going to have breakfast in Mandalay Bay this is your best bet. Huge portions and good quality. The pancakes and huevos rancheros were both very good.Friendly, quick service.
3	A nice place to carbo load before crashing after a night of drinking. Their nachos are PHENOMENAL but far too large for one person. Order it to share! The staff is a little punchy at the hour we were there, but with the clientele thats certainly reasonable.
2	Why oh why would you choose to wait for 45 minutes on a Thursday morning to eat here? I have no idea but we did today. The eggs benedict was average at best. The juices were your typical supermarket brands. The atmospehere is tropical, but very senior. Meh.
4	Like all other casino restaurants in Vegas, the food is expensive and quite frankly, over priced for what it is.  However, what sets Raffles apart is the food was actually very good and presentation is pretty fancy for a cafe.  The portions were also huge so  you can share one main dish and get a side salad and still be very full.Sunday Night gravy- their version of what is basically spaghetti and meatballs.  It comes with one giant meatball and HUGE plate of pasta and sauce.  Very good, I'd recommend it.Double-dusted fried chicken- all I have to say is O-M-G.  My friend ordered this and it made me regret ordering my spaghetti....even though I loved my spaghetti dish.  The skin is fried to a perfect, crunchy crisp with the perfect seasoning.  This dish is seriously to die for, you MUST order it.  By the way, you will have to share this, they give you almost a whole fried chicken, comes with huge pieces of both dark and white meat Champagne Chicken salad- very fresh and huge portion salad. Every ingredient was so delicious
5	Food was amazing and the best service we had on our entire trip! Bought a resaurant.com for $50 off of $100 and the waitress was nice enough to remind us that the gratuity was already added and to keep the total for us.
1	This place is the worst food I've ever had. Not to be a snob, but anyone giving this place anything above two stars must not eat good breakfast food or common Americana where they are from. Ordered coconut pancakes, one of their "signatures" with bacon. The bacon tasted like I was eating crispy beef jerky, like a cracker. Also had the biscuits and gravy and basically were flavorless like everything else. I couldn't dress up the taste with more salt on the biscuits and gravy or drowning my cakes in syrup and all the butter they could provide. Biggest waste of money. I am glad that the waiter dropped the eggs benedict before serving so that I could cancel the order and save myself the money. Unbelievably bad. BEWARE!
3	Raffles CafeRaffles Cafe serves the typical American type food here in the Mandalay Bay Hotel.  Yes, I've read the many reviews prior to eating here.  Reviews has it's up's and down's.....I was tired......I was hungry.....It was 4am...I had to be at the airport at 7am....most of the restaurants are closed here....Raffles Cafe was open 24 hours and I could have anything on the menu from Breakfast to Lunch to Dinner choices.....and I didn't want to count on eating airport food.So as I entered the establishment and was seated with a menu.  Being so tired I just asked my waiter for some Orange Juice to start me off.  I couldn't figure out what to eat after reading various reviews.  So, I asked the waiter "What is the Best Dish He's had here".  And he recommended the Eyecandy Club Sandwich.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9wxxjUKdaiWeK0fGxSYhzQ?select=5tWA-9y49U9cGTJK3uDCPwThe Eyecandy Sandwich is a Roast Beef, Turkey, Bacon and Cheese Sandwich on a toasted bread.  Comes with Fries.  When the sandwich had arrived.....WOW!!!  This sandwich must have been stacked a mile high (2  inches of meat) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9wxxjUKdaiWeK0fGxSYhzQ?select=RmljX-zWh_UzSnd_GVIVGQI was glad......but now I was trying to figure out how to take the first bite.  OMG!!  Let me see if my mouth will open up this big for the first bite.  I'll smash my sandwich as much I could before taking the first bite.  Ahhh....OK....First Bite....The Roast Beef....umm......not bad....the beef is fresh ....the turkey....not bad, not too dry....ok...the sandwich was good.  Next the fries....Nah....McDonalds is better.  One or two sticks of the fries is all I could handle.....Just something about the fries that was a big turn off.  Too crunchy....too oily....felt as if it would upset my stomach....so I stayed away from the fries.  I had my freshly squeezed Orange Juice to keep me happy.Overall experience was a 3 star.Eyecandy Sandwich was a 4 star.Fries was a 2 star.Orange Juice was 4 starGlad this place was open 24 hours.$20.00 later....this is my last resort restaurant if all else is closed.
4	Allow me to set the stage.I am an anxious fly-er.  I don't speak on an airplane, I don't move on an airplane, I don't open my eyes on an airplane.  I sit in a window or aisle seat, wear my noise cancelling headphones, listen to my specially made playlist specifically for that trip, and that's the way it is.  Now that you never EVER want to go on vacation with me... allow me to continue.  My boyfriend, is the polar opposite of me when it comes to flying.  He wants to talk.  He wants to play cards.  He wants to drink.  He wants to poke me to make sure I'm awake.  In short, he wants to give me a panic attack at 30,000 feet.  Did I mention that I don't eat before I fly?  Like at all?  That entire day?  Okay.  Good.We landed in Vegas around 11 Pacific time, meaning for poor little obsessive me, it was 1am and I hadn't eaten in almost 24 hours.  We got to the hotel, checked in, and went down to the casino.  Walked around a bit, grabbed a drink, and I finally said I NEED to eat.  NOW.  My saving grace, RAFFLES.I ordered the Chinese Chicken Salad to go, because "honey cashews" caught my eye.  This salad did not disappoint.  It was light enough that I was able to go to sleep within awhile of eating it, since you know, it was like 2am pacific 4am my time by the time I finished eating, but filling enough that I was satisfied, and I even left some behind for my bf to eat after his big win at the roulette table!
3	Average decent 24hr restaurant that opens. Great place for Mandalay guests that are staying there to grab bites after the club. But I have to say its great they open 24hrs with good to large portions just that they need to lighten up with the salt.
2	Quick Review: If you're staying at Mandalay and you go out at night, eat before you come back, or else you'll be eating here.When I ate here I was in a big group at around 4am. That being said it was a fun time, drunk people funny stories, and a bit of acting. Anyways, I never understand why it takes so long to sit a large group at 4am.  With all the empty tables I guess they just couldn't decide which ones to put together for us. That wasn't a problem, someone in our group pretended to be the host while the host was gone. Some other people asked to be seated and I can't remember what happened next but it was pretty funny.The food comes out at a decent time. I ordered the Nachos and they were pretty massive. The first few bites tasted good, I was hungry so it would be hard not to fill me/impress me at that point. But, they are definitely a food for sharing because they got cold real fast. The price was in line with the overpriced 24 hour cafes of Vegas. Basic economics, supply and demand and a bit of market segragation. I just want something in my stomach at this time of the day, I don't need a fat plate of nachos for a ridic price! Where's my $5 20 piece nuggets? There are cheaper alternatives on the strip, just make sure you go to them before coming back to Mandalay. If the price was more reasonable, or the nachos didnt get cold so fast I'd probably give it a 3.  I love Mandalay Bay, I just know better than to eat here at night.
1	Been coming to Vegas for 40 years and the worst breakfast I can remember.  We ordered the omelette w spinach and cheddar and the "exotic fruit plate".   Granted this is during February when fruits in general are not the best but berries and melons are normally good.  The fruit was not ripe, the spinach was uncooked, the cheddar cheese not melted and the overall omelette cold.   We sent it back and got back a hot omelette and another bowl of berries but the cheese in the omelette was still un-melted cheese (grated and cheese) and the strawberries now old (tasted like a bowl of strawberries that has been in the fridge - all soggy from the frost).  The waitress was apologetic.   But come on guys Vegas is the food capital now and that is just unacceptable.  Note to chef: if fruit is not good don't serve and learn how to make a simple cheese omelette.    And while I'm on my rant, not having a kids menu in the main cafe of a large hotel that is "family friendly" is unacceptable.  And before I get any replies that no hotel in Vegas is kid friendly, Mandalay bay has the Wave Machine in the pool and the Aquarium exhibit and is known as one of the best family hotels.   (pools were all closed btw and we were not told  that until we were standing in the registration line with their hand out for the $20 resort fee).   Bad experience!
2	Wanted to grab a sandwich when I arrived in Vegas.  It was 2:00 in the afternoon and the place was empty but I had to wait 20 minutes because they only had 2 sections open???  Anyway, once I was seated the service was appalling.  I never did see my actual waiter.  Everyone who waited on me said "he was in the kitchen" or "busy with something else" and when my check came the lady said she was taking over for him.  Very weird.I had the turkey club sandwich with fries.  It was average but with a soda my bill was almost $20.  Would not go back or recommend.
3	I must have eaten at different Raffles.  Reading the reviews of this restaurant, I'm amazed that both times I've eaten there I've very much enjoyed both my meal and the service.  The eggs Benedict were so good that I came back to try the lobster and brie omelet.  I liked that as well.  Yes, it is overpriced, but really no more so than any other hotel-casino restaurant, and at least they do poached eggs (anybody from Planet Hollywood reading this?).  I found the service attentive and accomadating (our server was Karen, our busboy, Jesus) and the atmosphere very pleasant.  I was amazed to read the poor write ups, but I've only been for breakfast. Perhaps the management needs to do something about dinner service?
3	We had the omelets and stack of pancakes.  Both were very good with large portions.  A bit pricey, but that is to be expected when you are eating in the hotel.  Fast service and nice atmosphere
2	YIKES!!!  My friend and I were hungry from our midnight adventures so we cruised in here for some grub.  We got nachos and chicken strips with fries.  That can't possibly be messed up, right?  WRONG.The nachos chips were stale.  There was hardly any topping on the nachos...just greasy cheese.  And the chicken strips were the WORST I have ever eaten in my life.  These must have been in the back of the freezer for past ten years...even Mc Donalds chicken strips would be gourmet compared to these.The service was good but not good enough that I would ever go back.  And the prices aren't cheap either!!!
3	I had a very yummy egg white omlet with basil, spinach, and chicken for breakfast here. It big enough to feed two, and delicious. This is just a typical hotel restaurant, but it was fine. My only complaint was the hostess who apparently wasn't bright enough to reassign servers so that people could sit by the windows. (EVERYONE wanted to sit by the windows, but the server for that section hadn't arrived yet, so she wouldn't seat anyone there!)
1	Sucks: burnt nachos, horrible serviceI can't even remember if our waitress greeted us. She had on such a sour face the entire time she was serving her tables. She quickly led us to our table, handed us menus, didn't say a word and left. When she came back to put in our drink orders 5 min later, we tried to order our food at the same time, but she just ran away again. The busboy came with our drinks so we had to wait another 5 min to catch her. Finally, she comes back and we place our order: Angus burger and super nachos.Angus burger: Super greasy( so we had to ask the waitress for napkins to dab all the oil out. She drops them off and walks away really quick). The burger could have used some more flavoring, but at least they got the medium rare part right. And the FRIES?? AMAZING. I think the fries are the only things keeping this place alive, honestly.Super nachos: FALSE advertising. When I saw this on the menu, i thought SUPER NACHOS? That must include EVERYTHING! NO, that was not the case. There was no meat in it whatsoever. There were, however, a LOT of toppings: sour cream, guacamole, pico de gallo, and cheese cheese cheese. But none of it matters when all the cheese is burnt into the tortilla chips. We struggled getting one chip at a time. At this point, I used the fork and started playing with the nachos only to discover the inside being COLD and SOGGY.And now we wait to try to flag down our lovely waitress again. 10 min pass by and this is what i notice:At a table across the room, a man is trying to use the rest of his food credits and tells our waitress his intentions of doing so. His meal cost more than his credits, they go back and forth so she basically yells at him that he cannot apply his credits to cover his meal. When he explains that he will pay the difference (calmly), she nearly rips the receipt out of his hand and walks to the register. Personally, I would have snapped at a B if this were done to me, but I digress..The table that just arrives next to us gets their food almost immediately, and what do they order? Super nachos. But their nachos not only look hot and fresh, they were nice and CRISP, not BURNT.Finally, she gets back to our table and we inform her that our food is burnt. She does not apologize out of courtesy for the restaurant's sake, she only asks, "Do you still want them?" (OF COURSE I DON'T WANT THEM, WTF!) So goes on to ask if we want dessert. Since we weren't full, we decided, hey why not? BAD CHOICE. The brownie cake was sticky, a diabetes attack waiting to happen. And the ice cream on top? FROZEN ROCK SOLID. I guess they got the ice part right?And when we got the bill, of course she charges us for the dessert! UGH! NEVER AGAIN!Avoid this place if you are looking for a late night eat. And avoid the Asian waitress AT ALL COSTS.
4	Pretty good for a casino cafe.  I think it's one of the better ones actually.  Service has always been decent for me, but I don't usually come at busy hours so maybe that's the key.  It's not that hard to get a vip pass from the pitboss if you play blackjack and are friendly.  That lets you go straight to the front of the line if there is one too.  I prefer this place over the Mandalay Bay buffet, in fact I really don't like their buffet here at all.  The food is pretty much what you'd think it should be, the quality is usually better than I'd expect, so that's what the 4 stars are for.  There's other places to try but for a quick meal this does the job.
3	We bought a $25 certificate for $3 from restaurant.com, and that was the only reason we ate here. Otherwise, the food would be way overpriced for what was given.  My daughter had the Belgian waffle with Tanzanian chocolate, and that was probably the best dish we had. I had the house special, coconut pancakes with mango butter. The butter was a nice touch, but the pancakes were a bit dry and didnt have much coconut flavor. My wife had the do it yourself omelet and was pretty good, nothing that stood out.  The bills came to over $60 with 2 juices and a coke, but with our certificate, we paid about $38-ok for a 24 hour casino cafe.  The cafe was aesthetically pleasing, but we didnt have the pool view. Overall, it was slightly above average. Get your restaurant.com coupon!
4	This was our second trip to Vegas and it was our second trip to Raffles- we really enjoy the breakfasts there. The food is fresh, the atmosphere is clean, the service is attentive. Must tries: The smoked salmon eggs benedict and the biscuits and gravy. Absolute heaven. I only give it 4 stars instead of 5 because of price. Although it's worth it, the food is a bit overpriced.
4	This was a family outing in Las Vegas , decided to have brunch in Raffles which is inside Mandalay Bay Casino. The server was from Kashmir and his name was Naveed  who was very helpful. I ordered the Waffles with walnuts and shared this  with my wife, her order was a omelet with hash browns. They served us coffee and this was among the best coffee I had ever had. Looking at the rest of the family I saw no one was able to finish their plates as the orders were large. So remember to share at this restaurant. The size of the portions is large.The casino has free Wi-Fi but the signal in this area was weak and downloading was slow.
2	my boyfriend and I ate here late night and for breakfast...  the service sucks... waiters take FOREVER to bring you anything... so prepare to be there for awhile.. also, there is usually a wait when you first arrive but it won't be long, no more than maybe 5-10mins.. As for the food, for dinner i ordered the sliders which were actually DELISH.  Fries coulda been a lil crispier tho.. BF ordered a regular burger which he enjoyed.  SO since dinner wasn't bad, we tried it for lunch... BAD CHOICE!  at breakfast i had the waffle which was decent, but definitely coulda been better.  It was nice they left us the coffee pot, as I'm a BIG coffee drinker.. We had waited like 20mins for our food.  My BF ordered pancakes and they were served to him cold and hard as a rock.. We sent it back and it took another 10mins before the fresh ones were brought to him... BAD BAD SERVICE.. If it wasnt one of the only places open at the time, I woulda never ate here... PASS!
3	This place is okay for late night eats as it's pretty much the only thing open after midnight (which is LAME in Vegas!). We enjoyed the food we had at 2 in the morning but that was if course after a full night of drinks and dancing.  Cannot recommend choosing Raffles for a nice evening out.
3	It's not the best cafe... but it is definitely not the worst.  I wouldn't expect too much if you're looking for cafe grub.  I would recommend breakfast over any other meal.. especially 4th meal (you know what I'm talkin' about!) - I had the filet benedict and thought it was amazing, however, if it's busy - the wait can be ridiculous.  Patience is a virtue :)
2	The hash browns were semi-cold... :0My chicken noodle soup was better though. Plenty of noodles, carrots and celery. Other than that, nothing really special here.
2	I've eaten at Raffles several times while staying at Mandalay Bay.  The most recent was May 22 for dinner.  I ordered fish and shrimp with fries.  Food was ok, nothing speical.  Fries would be better if a little crisper.  Our server acted as if we were taking up his valuable time and he would rather be anywhere else but at work.  He was abrupt, rarely around, and cheerless.  Never said thank you, or anything else for that matter.   Asked if he could take our order.  He did and left the table without another word.  Brought our check, put it on the table, again without a word and left the table.  He did once ask if I wanted more iced tea.  I said yes, he refilled my glass, turned around and walked away. Better food and a lot friendlier staff at House of Blues.  I'll spend my money there from now on.
4	I've eaten at a lot of hotel cafes over the years but I've got to say that Raffles was one of the best.  Ordered the biscuits and gravy plus a side if sausage.  The sausage literally melts in your mouth.  Pricing was tolerable and the coffee was way overpriced at $4 but can't say anything bad about anything else.  The Mrs. loved her meal as well and she never comments on the food whenever we eat so that says a lot.  Definitely try this place out if you're staying at the Mandalay Bay.
2	We went here twice during our last stay...it's the only easy place to get breakfast late. Get something standard... Everyone's pancakes, etc were good... The exotic fruit plate was garbage. The coffee was good. The convenience if you're in MB hotel is good. Don't venture out or make a special trip...it's a raffle whether your food or service will be good.
3	Meh, standard Las Vegas hotel 24 hour cafe fare.  Food and service: not bad, not great.
4	Been here about 4 times.  They have improved their service.  One time we came and walked out after waiting 20 mins. waiting for service.This time service was great.  I had the chicken fingers and also had their burger last time we where in Vegas.  The food is served hot and fresh, and the waiter was nice and efficient.  The setting is nice at this cafe, almost fancy (kinda). The breakfast looks yummy, but have not tried.
2	Wanted to order to go to bring upstairs and had to be seated at the table in order for the waiter to come and take the order. What a waste of time? Ended up waiting for 10 minutes just for the waiter to show up and then had to explain that we just wanted something to go.Come on guys, take to go orders up front. No need for all that extra fluff. The black angus burger was good though. I am complaining about their process not the food.
1	We went in and were seated. After 10 minutes no one came to ask us if we even wanted something to drink. We saw a two servers helping another table and looked at our table twice and never came over. It doesn't matter if it isn't there table, they could go get our waitress/waiter or ask us. We got up and left after 15 minutes and seeing others still waiting. BAD SERVICE.
3	My family and I grabbed a quick lunch at Raffles Cafe located at the Mandalay Bay Resort.  There was no wait and we were warmly greeted and sat at one of the many tables.  We ordered:(1)  The Reuben Sandwich My hot rye bread sandwich of corned beef, Swiss cheese, Russian dressing, and sauerkraut with a side salad was yummy.(2)  SlidersHubby and sonny boy both ordered the burger sliders served with french fries.  They both commented that their burgers were tasty but the fries were good.Raffles Cafe offers A-OK food, good service, in a very casual atmosphere.  3 Stars.
3	3.5 stars for pretty good food, but high prices.We used a credit we received here and I was surprised how nice the surroundings were for a 24 hour coffee shop. We were seated viewing the beach area which was nice, but cold. We ordered the nachos because we heard it was big. They weren't kidding and my only complain was that the chips were soggy.For our entrees, we got the shrimp wrap with mango and chinese chicken salad. Both dishes were tasty and on the sweet side. It is better than your average coffee shop. The service is solid, yet the prices are a bit high. The quality is better than the buffet, but probably not worth what you pay for.
1	This place is disgusting. It tastes like they soak everything in margarine. Avoid at all costs.
4	The food is not great, but the fried chicken is awesome. That is all I like about what they serve. I recommend this place if you are staying at The Hotel or Mandalay Bay. Late at night this is the only place to get food. So that is the bad part. When you are gambling and tire and hungry and want food. This is the only resturant that is open. However their fried chicken is the bomb. So if you ever eat here try their fried chicken.
3	I only had the chicken noodle soup because i needed a quick snack before breakfast.  It had fast service and was very tasty, though for the price, it could have been better.  Overall, very standard chicken noodle soup!
1	Menu looked great. Got seated right away. However, after being seated for 20 minutes and got drinks, we left after no service. We had waiters on either side of us waiting on tables and serving food, but didn't even acknowledge us. Went to Chinese restaurant next door, got seated right away and served our food in less than 7 minutes. That waiter got 25% well deserved tip!
3	solid food, decent prices and good service
2	Pros: coffee caraffe at table so no waiting for refills. Cons: Mediocre service, terrible commercial food- sent my cold omelette back to kitchen.
4	Yum.  One of the best Cafe food I've had in Vegas.  I ordered the steak with fries and steamed veggies.  The steak was cook just as ordered.  I had dinner on a Monday night and it wasn't busy.  Got seating right away and the service was great.  Our server was very attentive and quick with our requests.  The one thing I wasn't much of a fan of was the lighting.  It was very dim and I hate eating in dim lit places.  It causes my food coma to go on overdrive when I'm done with my food.   Knowing how expensive Vegas can be, I was happy to see my portion of food was representative it's price tag.
3	One time I got cold noodles and a bad meal.One time I got a good meal.It's like meh. But what are you really going to go eat with all those lines everywhere while you read this review from inside Mandalay Bay.Just get in a cab and go somewhere real/local. It'll be better.
4	Perfect place if you're looking for a spot at 6 in the morning to soak up all your alcohol in your system before you walk back to your hotel.Comfort food= Chicken fried steak=boooomb!The only thing is they might make you wait like 15 minutes to get a table even though the place is pretty empty. But it was worth it.
4	I ate here twice. One over-the-top breakfast: pancakes, bacon, eggs, coffee, mimosa. I needed it after the previous night's fun. The pancakes were nice & fluffy. The eggs, scrambled well done. The mimosa was meh; so weak. I should have saved that money and just ordered the juice. My second visit was in the middle of the night. Fortunately, Raffles serves a mean dish of chicken noodle soup and grilled cheese on heavily buttered white toast. Perfect for preventing a hangover. The hot tea helped a lot, too. I am a fan of Raffles but they need to stop telling folk "there's a __ minute wait" when the restaurant is empty.
1	Ugh.  Getting a to-go order is such an ordeal at this place.  You can't call in the order (they apparently don't take orders over the phone) AND you have to be seated to even place an order.  If I wanted to wait for a table, I wouldn't be trying to make a to-go order. ANYWAY, so I tried doing all that and was promptly ignored by the wait staff for about 15 minutes.  Lame.. I eventually just left and ordered room service, which may have a long wait, but the prices are comparable AND I can wait in bed.
2	service was terrible. it was an empty place and we had to wait 20 minutes for a table.  then when we sat down, it took 15 minutes for anyone to acknowledge we were there.  after we ordered 20 minutes after that, i got the lobster omelet.  to sum up my meal, it sucked.  they overcooked the omelet, which made it dry.  to top it off, i was wearing a bachelorette crown and sash, and they couldnt read and instead told me happy birthday!!!  it took them about 5 hours to give us our bill.  gah!  this place is so overpriced too!
1	This is the first time here and they made us wait 20 mins even when the restaurant was almost empty. The food looks good but is tasteless and the quality was very poor. The prices were very expensive  :-/ However the waitress was nice :)
4	The only thing I ate there is the stuffed french toast and I loved it.
3	After the concert at Mandalay Bay, my friends & I found this place because we were hungry. Like who wouldn't be hungry after 4hrs of listening to rock & rocking to the sound. Luckily, we found a table when we got there because we were a group of four. On their menu, they have various choices, but 2 of my friends including me decided to get their hamburger, while one decided to get their 16 ounce steak.  One of my friends asked if the burger had any seasons or any other special things to it, the waiter said that it was just a plain burger. After waiting, we received our food, I decided to try the fries & they were salty. I decided to finally dig into my hamburger after trying the salty fries & found out that it not bland, but just fine because it was cooked the way I wanted with some flavors, but not enough to give it a tasty taste, plus after finishing it up, it didn't fill me up. As I mentioned that 3 people got burgers, the person that ordered the steak, they messed up one of the orders because she wanted fries not mashed potatoes.
4	The tower of pancakes.  A perfect counter to the six Absolut Mandarin and tonics I have just consumed at Haze, the night club.  Nice to go mano-to-mano with sausage, eggs, bacon, and buttermilk flapjacks at 2:00 in the morning.Best use of a winning ticket ever, but you have to be up 13 dollars to play at this table.
1	I had the spinach egg white omelette.  So that seemed pretty simple, but I was surprised with some very dry chicken chunks in my omelette.  The diced tomatoes helped make it a little more most, but other than that the dry chicken killed it for me.  The hash browns were a tad bit too soggy and weren't very good.  The burnt areas I was expecting to be crispy were just hard and chewy.
5	We had a late meal here and breakfast before we left, it was one of our favorite restaurants,portions were large food was really good, if you love eggs Benedict get it here homemade holandaise. Highly recommend it.
4	Went last night because it was the only thing open in the hotel. I ordered the prime rib French dip and fries. I also tasted the fried chicken. They were both outstanding. Honestly the fried chicken was some of the best I've ever had which shocked the hell out of me. The restaurant is laid out kind of strange in terms of tables and decor, but that's pretty unimportant in light of the food. It's also a little expensive when you consider a sandwich is running you $15 but none of us were disappointed in our food and that's what counts.
2	I am a stickler for service and UGGGH this sucked.  I had to track down the server several times for water. I had to ask for a place setting and out food took a year to get to us.  I ordered hot tea and a cup of chicken noodle soup (O_o) oh, and water with lemon.  My mom and sister ordered a fish, shrimp and fries platter and shared it.  We did get bread on the table which was very good.  My soup was barely warm, hot tea was warm and no lemon in my water. The soup tasted like canned soup, but I did track down lemons and hot water eventually.  For the price of my meal, I was NOT HAPPY.NEVER AGAIN will I spend my money here. BLAH!
2	Run of the mill diner food...but Vegas price tag.We came around 3 pm for late lunch, and had to wait for 15 minutes to get seated, when practically the whole place was dead.  Not entirely pleased with that, but it's probably because someone was on break or they had no staff. (In that event, don't be open if you can't take tables.  Sorry, I'm a bit harsh on the fact that if you're open for business, you had better be prepared at ALL times.  Having worked in restaurants and managing, it's just a pet peeve of mine.)I wouldn't even give this place an "OK" rating if it had not been for the LARGE portions of food we got in return.Nachos: if you're on a budget and hungry, get these.  Or share them with 5 friends.  They are massive.  Nothing really impressive about flavor; it's just an incredible value as far as Vegas "strip pricing" is concerned.  Chicken tenders: Tyson frozen tenders...taste exactly the same.  Nothing special.  But again, big portion.Chicken noodle soup: standard.  This was not a big portion, but it was a standard bowl size of about 10 oz. or so.I had 2 other people with me, and we were stuffed.Will I come back?  Meh...probably not.  But if you're at the Mandalay Bay and you want to eat something not super expensive that's during the off-peak hours (or late night), this is the place I guess.
3	I was disappointed this was the only place open at Mandalay Bay at 4AM. It was expensive and the food took a long time to come out, but when it did, OH MAN IT WAS GOOD. However, it was probably because we were starving and semi drunk. We had the spaghetti and baked potato soup. My friend ordered a sandwich that came with fries and the fries were also amazing. I probably wouldn't come here again though. There are just too many good places to eat in Vegas and the food here is just not worth the price.
3	Breakfast was good, the eggs were a little hard cooked for my liking, explained to waitress and was fixed. Mimosa was weak, not worth the price!
2	They took the biscuits and gravy off the breakfast menu. Shame on them.
3	Raffles is like the lux cafe at the Venetian which is like a Cheesecake factory-esque restaurant in a Las Vegas casino.  We came here for breakfast around 8am one day.    No line, seated quickly and given breakfast menus.  It's the typical breakfast fare...eggs, meat, pancakes, waffles, corn beef hash, etc.  I had the scrambled eggs with bacon and fresh OJ.  Service was prompt and nothing to complain about or rave about.
3	There is no reason under the sun to expect a gourmet meal here.  It is a straight forward meal targeting those looking for simple fare after a long flight or drive.  Ample portions, basic menu and a few feet off the lobby and casino floor.  Four of us had a meal here, Chinese chicken salad, sliders, chicken fingers and I had a BLT.  Again, you shouldn't expect incredibly, thought provoking flavor here.  It Is simple and filling.  My in-laws have since been back for breakfast and raved about it.  Go in expecting quality to price comparable to home and you will be disappointed.  Recognize Strip costs to benefit and it is is more acceptable.  I wouldn't rush to go back, but it fills a need if you are staying at Mandalay.
2	If you need a quick basic lunch without any flare it was fine.  I would skip this spot if you are in Vegas too many other great options that put this place to shame for lunch or dinner.
1	Wow.  Worst service ever.  Raffles is, unfortunately, the only coffee shop/cafe open 24hrs in the Mandalay/Luxor/Excalibur cluster.  Since my friends and I were staying at the Luxor, it was 1am, and we were hungry, we ate here after an evening of gambling. I know I've eaten at Raffles before and it was fine, but not this time. We were seated quickly and the waitress took our orders. The price range was pretty high for a Vegas cafe late night menu, but it's the Strip, so whatever.  She delivered our drinks and then our food. It was mediocre at best.  Then, she pulled a David Copperfield and disappeared for the rest of our meal.  We kinda wanted refills on our waters and $4 Pepsi's, but no server and none of the other employees looked twice at us. We waited forever for the check and when it arrived my grilled cheese was rung up as a $13 chicken noodle soup with (grilled cheese $6.50) underneath.  I asked and she said she had to ring it up that way because there was no button for the grilled cheese sandwich. Whaaaa???? I said, "so it's $6.50?" "No, $13"--then she took off again.  We paid our bill, reluctantly gave her a 10% tip and left. And told everyone entering to run away. Quickly.  Oh yeah...and we took all the pens she brought to sign the credit card slips.The next day, we wanted breakfast and Raffles was the only option.  We took a cab downtown and went to the Golden Nugget where the cafe is always awesome and service is always great.UPDATE: Reading the review below, I see now that there was a grilled cheese chicken noodle soup combo.  That combo was not listed on the menu I had, but I guess that's what I ordered? FAIL.
3	Visited this place since it was in our hotel and convenient. Looked nice enough right inside the casino. The staff was friendly and inviting and seated us right away. The inside is almost like a cabana style and not much to look at. The menu is a collection of breakfast and lunch selections, omelets, eggs etc. Ordered a fully loaded omelets and it was just okay, nothing to get excited about. In the end this reminded me of a high end Denny's that served alcohol. The prices were okay but a bit high for the amount of food you get. I wouldn't make my way over here to grab a bite and certainly would not go here for dinner, looked boring. Only visit here if you are staying in the Mandalay, otherwise don't bother.
4	good food, decent price.
4	This place was pretty delicious! I had the Blt with a salad, but the peach tea was the best along with the strawberry tart! Yum! Food is decently priced and it's a def good spot to go after hours when u don't want the greasy pizza or fast food stuff.. Just wish they would dust a Lil more.. Oddly distracted me..
4	I came here with a huge group of girls - 22 to be exact. Plans were pre-made for brunch, and they were more than willing to accomodate us! We had a preset menu of choices. For drinks: we could choose apple juice, orange juice, coffee, tea, pineapple juice, etc. For food: there was the all-american toast, eggs, choice of meat or potatoes, huevos rancheros, fruit platter, and a few other choices. I went with the all-american and was pleasantly surprised about how delish the toast, hashbrowns, and eggs were! I didn't get egg whites upon my initial request, but once the waitress realized I was waiting on them, she provided them to me soon after. I also loved turkey bacon! SOOOOOOOOOOO delish!
4	The outside of this place looks pretty boring compared to the other options in Mandalay but this place has amazing food. It's definitely worth one of your meals while visiting.  Hueovos rancheros were amazing. Fluffy eggs are encased in a light corn tortilla with a side of chorizo and delicious sauce on top. Service was impeccable. It was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had.
3	8 For breakfast this past weekend and the typical Las Vegas Coffee shop ala carte price points get you at this place.  $4.00 for coffee, $4.00 for soda or juice than throw a breakfast entree in and your at $22.00 plus Plus.  Buffet is a much better option across the board. With that said our waitress was in the weeds the entire time with too many tables to handle us but she did her best.  She knew she was in the weeds but bringing us two of every juice or Soda so she wouldn't have to come back.Food Corn Beef hash was Ok if not dry.  Eggs Benedict was good and hashbrowns tasty.  Balance of the meal was average at best but the real winner was the French Toast that was fresh, fluffy enormous and just dam good. Its a coffee shop not fine dining and this is for breakfast only, but with these price points you can find value elsewhere.
5	Went for breakfast, their omelettes made to order are fantastic. The house coffee is equally spectacular.
4	This place was decent.  My friend and I came here for breakfast only because we were staying at Mandalay Bay, and we needed some hangover food, pronto!  It was really nice to be able to take the elevator down, take a few steps, and then be at Raffles so quickly.I had the corned beef hash, which comes with two eggs any style and your choice of toast.  The hash was very tasty, and my eggs were cooked nicely over medium (too often "over medium" orders are more like "over easy").The atmosphere is much like your usual hotel restaurant.  Lots of families were there with loud kids... or maybe it felt really loud to me because of my headache.  Our server was very efficient and took good care of us, refilling beverages for our dehydrated selves.I don't think I would go out of my way to eat here, but if I happened to be in the area and needed food, this would be a good place to go.
2	This place is legit for people watching and trying to soak up a weekends worth of binge drinking in Vegas.  The food isn't amazing, but it's greasy and gets the job done after a days worth of non-stop drinking.  There is nothing consistent about this restaurant...you could order the same thing every time you stop in and you'll be convinced they keep bringing you the wrong thing!  But no...it's what you had last time...just however tonights cooks decided to prepare it...
4	Good menu with large portions. My wife and I couldn't even finish a plate we were sharing! The service is friendly and prompt. It can get a bit pricy for families so order smartly and you wont waste any food or money.I quite liked the waffles, but try them with honey instead of syrup!
1	This place used to be one of my favorite places, unfortunately their food is no longer what it used to be. I don't think I'll ever go back.
4	This place would have 10 stars except it is a leeeeettle expensive.  The food and mimosas were delicious though!  Came here for brunch on a Sunday morning and we were sat immediately.  Our server was very bubbly and attentive and she made our experience even better.  She was very honest about her recommendations, but I actually ended up ordering something she did not recommend and I was pleased so get whatever you want!I ordered the wheat pancakes with blueberries, and regular maple syrup.  The pancakes were sooo good and crispy!!  The maple syrup was thick and sweet and great on the cakes.  I also ordered bacon and it was just the way I liked it - not too crispy but not too chewy.  The mimosas were STRONG and 2 had me buzzing for a little while!  They are a little pricey though, so make sure you keep track of how many you drink because they add up fast!  Overall highly recommended for breakfast if you are in Mandalay Bay!
4	I've been here at least a few times since I've stayed at Mandalay Bay many times. It's pretty basic. My most recent visit: Although getting seated was kind of slow, getting the waitress to take my order and get me my food was quick. I had the Belgian waffles. The waffles were small but they were enough. The next time I come to Mandalay Bay I will probably come here again.
1	Worst service ever! A 15 minute wait turned into 40 minutes and when we walked in there were open tables all over. Then we waited 7 minutes before anyone talked to us. And it was freezing. And the staff was disorganized and slow.  Just awful!  A horrible example of what the Mandalay Bay service standard is!!!!!
1	The worst chairs on a planet.
4	As my cousin and her friend stay in adjacent THEhotel whenever they need a Vegas getaway, they usually go here for breakfast. To them, this place is open almost 24 hours and is nearby as they never walk too far from their hotel room.VENUE/SERVICE: Raffles Cafe is located next to Noodle Shop inside Mandalay Bay. It's Mandalay's signature non-buffet casual fare. Depending on what time you go there may be a line but when I was there within 15-20 minutes my party of 3 was seated. When my other cousins who aren't morning people went to take our seats a bit more than an hour later there wasn't a line. Our table was located in a corner. Service was good.All of us got the Corned Beef Hash ($16.95) as it was one of the breakfast specials. The only difference was that we all got different toasts. I got the white, my cousin got the wheat and my cousin's friend got sourdough. Considering I took a quick glance at this restaurant's overall rating, I was VERY pleasantly surprised at my dish. It was a perfect mixture of potatoes and meat. The hash and some of the pieces of meat were very crunchy. The beef had a lot of flavor. On closer inspection I actually saw pieces of beef fat. As there wasn't as much fat as the meat and contributed to the overall flavor quite nicely, I didn't mind at all that the fat was there.There are two cons, one of them being entirely my fault. The first con is that for $16.95, the dish IS pricey, but what do you expect from the Mandalay? Mandalay ain't known for being cheap. The second was that when I went to eat here I was suffering from a pretty bad hangover.  The smell and taste of the corned beef hash, while excellent, was a little overpowering and I had to fight back my nausea. I had to take the dish to go and finish it back at the hotel room when I felt a less nauseated. The dish tasted better when fresh as all the oil made the meat and potatoes a little soggy.The next time I am around the Mandalay Bay/THEhotel area I will recommend this place as a casual dining option. Thanks to my cousin and her friend for bearing with me and for the Advil, I really appreciated it.
2	Food was very good. Overpriced ($14 omelet, $4 for coffee, $5 for orange juice) but I guess that's Vegas.What was totally unacceptable was the WAITING. The service was some of the slowest I've ever encountered. Don't come here if you're very hungry or dont have greater than 2 hrs to spend on just breakfast.
3	This is a nice place, much better than any other of the breakfast joints in the hotel...I ordered an OJ, hot chocolate and the pain perdu (French toast); which came with sausage and 4 tiny pieces of fruit. The meal was good but wayyyy too small. I ended up starving after. Oh well...The waitress was very friendly and the setting is good. The chairs were very uncomfortable, ergonomics wise...
3	A good place for breakfast/lunch early in the morning or afternoon. They have a decent basic menu and good coffee (it's amazing how many places do not serve a good brew) its also one of the few places that would substitute your hash brown with nice white rice upon request...Rice and omelet with coffee at a reasonable price, what's not to like? Do request a window view if available. It will makes a big difference in your experience!
1	Slooooooow, sloooooooow, slooooooooow!Restaurant full of empty tables, yet, it took 10 minutes to be seated?  Once seated, my poor coffee cup was yearning to be filled. That took almost 10 minutes. About 5 minutes after that, my order was finally taken. I won't even tell how long it was for my food to land in front of me.  I guess I'm just used to diners in the Northeast?
4	Ok prices with good food
3	Had to get my fix on my Corned beef Hash and eggs here. I was here Nov. 18 after the marathon and took two other runners just to have my friends try out the Hash and eggs. The 3 stars are for the bad and slow service. I always come and stay or eat here at Raffles and no matter what day of the week or weekend. The server's I get are Horrible to say the Least. I asked the server this time what are these new pancakes made with? and his reply was cant you read the menu? I come from 12 years experience as a food server in Los Angeles area and I believe that the service you get at any restaurant is a reflection of the management team that represents the Hotel, or in this case Mandalay Bay. I tolerate this service because I love the corn beef hash and eggs that Raffles make here 24/7 they never close. So if you have the patience and 2 hours come and try the corn beef hash and eggs, it is worth it! As I have tried a lot of Casinos on the Vegas Blvd. and because Raffles makes it Homemade always, like your grandma did is the reason why I always come back for more.
1	Horrible! Waited..waited and waited some more. Ice tea and soda took over 10min to arrive. App was served after entree, burger was served dry with no condiments. Server forgot several items for table, had to ask twice for manager because good was mostly not edible. Long wait for food included mushy soggy fries... Chicken tenders were a weird whitish color... Really awful
4	This place definitely doesn't deserve the low 3 star review it is stuck with at the moment. I've been here for breakfast twice and both times have been pleasantly surprised by the food I received. The first time I came I got the corn beef hash($15), which was probably some of the best hash I've had. The portion is solid and hearty, more than enough to fill you up. The mimosas are also pretty good. This last time I went I had the Short Rib with Parsnip Grits($18). It was insanely good. A large hearty portion that left me very full for a good portion of the day. Every time I've come the service has been great. Everyone on the wait staff has always been fast and attentive. My glass has never gone empty. Granted, I've only ever been here around 9am and it's never been busy. Overall I think this is a very solid breakfast spot that is underrated. If you're whining about the price of this place A) I don't know why you're staying at Mandalay B) You can take a stroll to Fremont and find breakfast for under $5.
1	Hideous service.  Because two words for a review just does not suffice let me give you a word of advice, ask for a table without Jeanne (A). Okay- here I assume the "A" refers to a last name as found on the check and not what our impression of her manners were.  If you want to hear whoa is me stories then she would be great. The food is okay, you expect to pay more at a resort but oddly enough I expected more.  A classic example that if they did not have a captive audience they would have been out of business by now. Venture down the Strip to Earl of Sandwich and you will be much happier.
3	Our server was a very nice and energetic fellow.Food was so-so.  I preferred the selection from the Bayside Buffet more to be honest.The sweet potatoes in my hash were not cooked and were flavorless.Meh.
1	Our server was very polite but did not like the food.  My dad ordered the corned beef hash with poached eggs and i had ordered the Reuben panini The meat in both meals was very chewy and the hash browns were not cooked all of the way. The poahed eggs were practically hard boiled eggs.  We both did not finish our meals. I suggest to walk around a bit there are other restaurants on the property.
3	Every casino needs to have a cafe/coffee shop.  This is Mandalay Bay's place.  As with all generic cafe, it has a bit of everything and specializes in nothing.  And that's a good thing if you want to satisfy everyone.  Having said that, the dishes, while not memorable, were good.  I like coming here since I typically do not have to wait.  The restaurant is large and the staff is friendly.
4	We usually come here after a late night of partying or brunch, if we are staying at Mandalay or The Hotel. Good service. Food is above average for a cafe. Love the huevos rancheros here. Prices are a tad pricy, but it's vegas.
1	Probably the most unsatisfying breakfast I've had in my whole adult life. First of all, it took them about 10-15 minutes for any server to even show up at our table to greet us. Other women kept coming up and saying someone would be with us in a minute but then minutes and minutes and minutes kept passing, and we were kind of on a time crunch. Finally, an older woman approached us seeming flustered. She asked us if we would like any drinks and we told her what we wanted, and also asked if we could order food. She said no, and that the women who takes food orders would be with us IN A MINUTE. Fives minutes later, the woman who takes food orders showed up. And I could barely understand a word that was coming out of her mouth. I ordered the Raffles Omelette ($16 - one of the cheapest things on the breakfast menu, unless you want an $11 cup of "Tahitian vanilla-bean-SCENTED greek yogurt with house-made granola"). You get a choice of three ingredients to go inside of the omelette, and i ordered "Sausage, Pepper Jack Cheese, and Mushrooms".15 minutes later, our food arrived. My tiny $16 omelette had to be made out of 2 eggs, tops. And it was FILLED with green bell peppers. I got a hold of the server 5 minutes later and told her "I ordered Pepper Jack CHEESE, not BELL PEPPERS". She apologized and said she would take care of it. 5-10 minutes later she brought out a new plate, and told me right off the bat "They still put green peppers in it. I hope that's okay". She put the plate down in front of me and the omelette was exactly the same, only with a square slice of cheap looking (probably Kraft) pepper jack cheese slabbed on top of it. I said "okay" and let her go. From this moment on I knew I was giving the place a one-star review. For these prices, this is travesty.Sure enough, the food was all extremely bland. You could get better tasting breakfast food at DENNY'S.For me and my "date", the total was about $50 - and I didn't even order a drink.My date even said they were the worst pancakes she's ever had.OUCH.NEVER COMING HERE AGAIN.
3	Well, it's still 3 stars after trying for breakfast.. the lobster benedict tasted ok, but it came out luke warm.  Also, some might be offended that the poached egg had quite a bit of oozy whites. Their hashbrowns aren't bad, but $4 coffee is just too much. You end up paying more than you would at a buffet so I probably wouldn't return unless the meal was comped.Not sure why the sweet potato hash didn't have sweet potatoes in it!The waiter was nice and the atmosphere is good.
1	My experience here was the lowlight of an otherwise memorable Vegas experience. Just being seated was an ordeal. Our waitress may have been at the end of her shift, or at least I hope that explains her attitude. After about an hour and a half, our food finally arrived, cold. It took 15 minutes just to get our bill. I finally had to chase down a hostess to take my card so I could get out of there. I asked her to take care of that quickly, and even that took over 10 minutes. Would I come back here? Never.
2	Amazingly large restaurant with decent decor. Staff were very friendly and fairly prompt. Someone got me coffee and water right away. The waitress was very helpful in determining how I should have my eggs cooked ( I asked for over easy and she suggested over medium if I wanted the whites cooked) and prompt with service. The food was quite underwhelming. Eggs were cooked as requested but hash browns were not cooked all the way and tasteless. Sausage was okay but kind of bland. Cheapest meal on the menu at $15 dollars and $4 for coffee. Seems that at those prices it should be awesome! But I guess that's Vegas.
2	I service was good but the food really lacked much taste..would not go there again
2	Meh. When you are hungry and want something close to your room, I guess this place is semi decent.Everything was bland. Nothing to write home about OR worthy of the 15-25 dollar a plate range. We all had to put salt and pepper on our entrees and it NEVER put salt on anything.I'd move on to the next restaurant or hit the buffet before is eat here ever again. Service was slow as well and the place was close to empty on a Monday morning.
3	Good for breakfast but a little expensive. Our waitress was a hoot and just really had fun with us. I asked her what the specials were out front and she said, "I dunno when you find out let me know". She was a hoot I loved her.The food was good but not great, but for breakfast at the Mandalay Bay it is a good place to go.
4	We truly enjoyed our breakfast here - the pancakes were amazing ... fluffy and light, golden and scent-sational. The bacon and egg breakfast was also quite well done. Service was friendly and attentive, and the place was clean and well-placed within Mandalay Bay. A good little stop for us. If I may add though... no herbal tea was a surprise for me. Get some chamomile on the tea list at least. I had to use my own.
3	Like everything in Vegas, it is way over priced. However the breakfast is pretty good. I got a ham, tomato and cheese omelet. Although it was pretty small, it was surprisingly good. The hash browns were good too. They are thin potato "strings" packed together. Seems like they make a big thing of them and then slice out a piece for each meal. Again, a small portion but good. $25 for an omelet, hash browns, coffee and toast is kind of crazy, but on a Saturday morning in Vegas, I'll gladly buck up.
4	Great breakfast place inside Mandalay bay. The cafe over looks the walk way to the pool.The corned beef hash is excellent and so are the waffles. Its too bad they don't have refills on juice. Great place none the less.
1	I wish I could give less than one star, because that's FAR more than they deserve. The hostess had the personality of Morticia Addams on a bad day, our waitress had holes in her uniform, we kept getting harassed to give our order, food was bland, tasteless and WAY overpriced (even by Las Vegas standards).  Save yourself, and steer WAY clear of this disgrace.
4	I went despite the reviews because I needed a relatively quick lunch but was pleasantly surprised.  I had lobster benedict (egg benedict with lobster).  It was good, though the hollandaise was a little too watery.  What really made the experience enjoyable was the pleasant and professional service.
3	Meh, this place was ok, your typical breakfast food that didn't surprise me. I had a breakfast sandwhich that was ok, my friend didn't feel too well after the pancakes(eek!) and my other friend said it was just "ok". It seems that breakfast is hard to find a good place to eat that's not a buffet. I'd probably not come here again.
2	So this is one of the places I visited when I was a college student looking for a post-binge drinking meal that I decided to come back to as a productive member of society, with a job and car and everything. I'm kinda sorry I did, I could have had the memories. Come to think of it, I might have had my first eggs benedict here. I remember the lemony hollandaise, the perfectly cooked eggs, the hash browns, my god, the hash browns.Returning as an actual adult I found myself in a slightly rundown restaurant ordering eggs benedict that were swimming in a mediocre hollandaise, while everything kind of turned into a pale yellow goop on my plate. My bloody Caesar showed up a bit after everything else and the single mother with 5 screaming kids at the table across from me did nothing for the ambiance. My fiancee's corned beef hash was barely cooked, "al dente" might be a good quality for pasta, but for potatoes it doesn't fly. Really I've wasted more characters on Raffles than the place is worth, so I'll just leave with this: save your money.
4	If you want a tasty breakfast that is thinking out-of-the-box. Raffles is the place to go. The service for breakfast is excellent continually filled coffee cup.  The shrimp and grits with bacon is excellent. Yesterday I had the asparagus Green onion quiche which was outstanding.
2	They serve breakfast and lunch. It's right in your hotel at Mandalay Bay. It is basic. We had a dining credit due to our room being overbooked so we came down here to spend the rest on breakfast before we checked out. The concierge told me this used to be the Mandalay Bay's 24 hr restaurant. Now it closes in the afternoon and has a very limited breakfast and lunch menu. Since it is an only partially operational restaurant, we stuck with safe breakfast options - eggs bacon toast and French toast. The bacon was tasty. The rest was meh but we were glad to have it in our tummies. The restaurant has a nice ambience and decor - kind of tropical. It's a shame they don't operate it all of the time and with a full menu. I noticed the side of toast only came with 1 slice. I thought that was odd.
4	Great place for breakfast!  Our Bachelorette party went here for breakfast and really enjoyed the selection. I tried the breakfast panini and it was amazing! Nice crisp bread, eggs and bacon with pepper goey jack cheese and creamy avocado. The service was good and it wasn't an plain American restaurant like in other casinos - a delightful surprise!
3	Hubs and I caught a cab twice to check out  Raffles signature Bloody Mary at Mandalay Bay. We spied an astounding photo of this colossal libation-slash-meal on Facebook and knew we had to check it out.  Our first visit left us disappointed. We has no idea that this former 24-hour diner cut its hours back and is only open until 2:30 pm daily. We used to be Raffles regulars back when Mandalay Bay was our LV home. It's been a few years since and the restaurant is showing its age. Aside from the short hours, the restaurant has a worn out aura to it. Even the palm trees outside the window seemed old and in need of a good pruning. The change made me sad as I had many great memories of Raffles breakfasts and late night snacks. Back to the reason that brought us here. We each ordered a signature Mary and a Caesar salad (just because there was a nagging need to add something healthy to our meal). The salad was as good as I remembered. Crispy, juicy Romaine, tasty dressing and really good roasted chicken breast slices. The signature cocktail was okay but the fun of eating it elevated the experience. It is served in a BIG mason jar with a metal barbecue grill skewer loaded with a cheeseburger slider, slice of bacon, grilled cheese sandwich bite, chicken tender and fries. Hubs liked the burger and I really enjoyed the chicken. The gem of the meal was our waitress Yolanda. She was very pleasant, efficient and went out of her way to ensure we enjoyed our targeted outing. Overall, Raffles needs a facelift and better hours. I recommend checking out their signature drink if you happen to be there but don't make a special trip. Venue - 2 starsService - 4 starsFood - 3 starsOverall - 3 stars
4	I had the Lobster Benedict for breakfast. Eggs arrived overlooked the first time, but were perfect the second time.  Delicious meal altogether.
4	I have been here many times and food is always delicious.  Sure it's not gonna be cheapy McCheaperson, but that's Vegas folks in 2014.  This review is really featuring the chicken fingers and huevos rancheros.  Nom Nom.  I didn't order the ultimate bloody mary but it looked awesome : )  Great place to stumble into before you get back to the scene.
4	Was walking around this casino looking for some food. We wanted to grab a bite before we head to the Shark Reef Aquarium.  We scanned through the menu out in front and thought we will grab some grub.  It was about noon and this place was still serving breakfast at this time.  Can't remember if breakfast is all day but we were craving for some.  A hostess sat us at a table near the window and it was quite peaceful.  Raffles Cafe was semi busy and had a lot of tables.  You get two different servers, one for drinks and other misc stuff and another to take your order and bring your food out.  They both provided great service.  They made sure our glasses were full of whatever we had and asked if we needed anything else.  I ordered the Raffles breakfast plate which comes with a choice of breakfast meat, eggs, hash browns, and toast.  My friend ordered the waffles and it came with 3 or 4 mini waffles with fruit on top and a choice of breakfast meat.  Of course they also have sandwiches, salads, burgers, soups, and appetizers just like a regular cafe.  The meals were delicious and I recommend this place if you need a decent meal.
3	Utilitarian fancy food. The place is nice and the wait staff was helpful.  It is conveniently located if you're staying at Mandalay Bay or The Hotel. I wouldnt avoid it, but I wouldnt go out of my way either.The water was not filtered, so it was a little funky for me.  The coffee costs 4 bucks!  I'll grab my coffee at Starbucks next time.
4	We stayed at Mandalay and had a 10 dollar credit from MyVegas so we stopped in to start our first day in Vegas at Raffles. We knew we were getting huge Bloody Mary's so we ordered accordingly. We split the lobster benedict. It was very good. I was concerned with some of the mixed reviews on this site but honestly, this was a great dish. The lobster was tender and prevalent. The hollandaise was lighter which complemented the lobster. The eggs were poached perfectly and the bread was crispy. Even the hash browns were cooked nice and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. It was perfect.Our Bloodys were a meal unto themselves. The slider, the chicken finger, the grill cheese, the crispy bacon and the french fries was a great addition. The chicken finger was the best of the bunch. The bacon was super crispy and meaty. Fries and burger pretty good. The burger patty itself was tasty. What made it suffer was the bun. The bread on the grill cheese also made it less than stellar. How can you mess up grill cheese? especially with all the good bread and seasoned griddle you have from all the breakfast cooking? They could make it better and it would be so so worth it. We got the bottomless option for 16 dollars and got a few each making it a great value. The spice mix was really there on the traditional bloodys. my next round I had the one made with clamato and while it was light and refreshing, there was little kick to it. Good for me since I had a lot of spice in my first drink, maybe not to others. My BF got the smoked bloody that was made with makers mark for his second round and he really enjoyed it. I thought it as just OK. If you love bourbon you should try it. I do like bourbon and am adventurous but I guess I just have it too ingrained in my head what a Bloody Mary should be.We had nice service. It was a great way to kick off our Vegas adventure.
4	I was last here in 2007 for my buddy's bachelor party at Mandalay Bay, and this place seemed to be the morning hangover medicine. I swear I have the exact same waitress today, in 2014... So I guess it's a good sign they can keep people employed.Overall, it's a fancy version of a diner in a resort, and the food is fine. Nothing here to bitch about unless one is just being a bitch. It is what it is, so just shut up and eat, and go back to gambling already.
3	I usually start 3-star reviews with, "3 doesn't mean it's bad and I would still come back," except this time. 3 doesn't mean it's bad, but I'm not coming back. There are so many other places to eat in Las Vegas but we were just too lazy to go anywhere with the large group that we were traveling with. We ended up here since it's right next to the hotel guest elevators. The menu is uninspired and way over priced. (See pictures.) Nothing seems to be cooked just right - all over or under seasoned. For the same price, we could have just gone to the buffet next door. Mandalay Bay needs to have some better food options.
1	I don't usually write reviews but this might possibly be the worst food I've ever had. We ordered nachos and garlic Parmesan French fries. Pretty basic. The French fries had shaker cheese on them that you had to dust off to even stomach them. And the nachos, which were the only thing we could eat. Had dried cheese, and drizzled sour cream over only a third of the chips. On the bright side the blood Mary was pretty good and came with snacks thank god!!
3	Specialty Bloody Mary.  That is it.  It comes with a mini cheeseburger, fries, chicken finger, pickle and a few other things....  Hangover cure in a glass.  No - these things are not floating in the drink; they are on a skewer on top.I have been coming to Raffles for years.  Mandalay / Delano / Four Seasons are my favorite places to stay.  It used to be open 24 hrs, but now is open only for breakfast and lunch.  Food is reasonable and reasonably priced.  Service is good.  If you don;t have the appetite for a buffet or the stomach for tourists with fanny packs trying to "get their money's worth," I would recommend it for a quick and simply breakfast or lunch.  If you are trying for something a bit more fancy, there are several other options in the hotel to choose from.
5	I ended up eating here twice. 1st visit:When I first got here I was seated very quickly so that was a plus. Then when I got to my table that's when the wait started. I waited there for at least 15 minutes before I was asked if I wanted a drink. Normally this would really annoy me and it did at first then I observed this waitress carrying several trays with an impressive amount of food on them. She was running around everywhere.  And the hostess who sat me was running her here and running here there. That's when I realized she was the only one working. She really was doing her best and she was working her ass off. When she finally came to me she apologized and was so sweet. She was stressed but she never took that out on anyone. She took my drink order and bought that out right away. I was going to order the lobster omelet but the waitress asked me if she could recommend the Lobster Benedict. I wasn't sure cause I never had Eggs Benedict before so I did not know what to expect really. Well it turned out to be really good! I really enjoyed it and it had a generous amount of lobster on it. The service was great and my waitress checked up on me often. I also enjoyed the food so 5 stars here. 2nd visit:I was looking for a nice meal on my last day. I remembered the food and service of this place so I came on back again. This time I was waited on very quickly and I ordered a traditional 2 egg breakfast and it was very good. My service was good as well. It was not the same server but he was also very attentive and my food and drink came quickly. I enjoyed this experience as well.The prices here are typical Vegas prices, inflated of course, but for Vegas normal. The serve breakfast and lunch and they offer traditional cafe type foods. I personally think their breakfast menu is better than their lunch menu as far as what they offer but that is just me. When I find myself staying at Mandalay Bay again I will definitely be back.
2	overpriced as should be expected - had oatmeal which was ok at best and i guess its not fair to judge a place when i only get oatmeal, but the service was slllloooooooow.  coffee however was very very good
3	This place gets 3 stars from me. They do stay open late and a great place to get food after clubbing. However, the place is super dirty. Also, when we asked for fresher brewed iced tea the waiter said they didn't have any. However, they do share a kitchen with the noodle place next door and they do have fresh brewed iced tea.
2	I believe this is where the room service comes from.  Their food is worse than a cafeteria. While the portions are very large, the lack flavor. We mostly had breakfast selections. "Hash browns" are unseasoned, frozen potato shreds burnt to a crisp on the outside and mushy on the inside. The eggs were under cooked and unseasoned. I had a raw poached egg.  One star is for the fabulous hollandaise sauce.Wait staff was very good and attentive. Which is why they got 2 stars.  There are many restaurants in this hotel. Do yourself a favor and pass this one by.
