4	I first ate at Jimmy John's when visiting Montana a few weeks back.  I was excited to see that one just opened up not too far from my house.  I think this is a great place to get a great, inexpensive sandwich.  I've had two different kinds of sandwiches and I thought they were both delicious.  The bread is delicious and so are all the fixin's that go on the sandwiches.  The staff is very friendly (overly so?) and they make the sandwiches very fast.  If you're sick of Subway this place can definitely compete with the quality and price.
5	I really enjoyed my visit at Jimmy John's!! Had a BLT , great customer service. Soft bread, DELISH!!
2	Had my very first sandwich from JJ's yesterday...and I'm sad to say I was really disappointed. I really, really wanted it to be awesome after seeing all the other reviews for the other locations.To be fair however, I bought my sandwich (Beach Club) at about 5pm, stuck it in the fridge as wrapped, and ate it about 3 hours later after the gym. The bread was incredibly stale/hard in some places and the only thing that I could really taste was the mayo. The avocado spread was visible but flavorless, as were the turkey and rest of the filling.However, I got the Vito for my son who ate it within 30 minutes of bringing it home and he said he enjoyed it and that the bread was fine.  Perhaps these are just the kind of sandwich you have to eat immediately?Guess I'll need to give ol' JJ another chance but for now it's two stars. Yes, they did make them super fast--but probably too fast that they failed to recognize that one of the rolls was stale. Boo.
3	Jimmy John's is one of my very favorite things in life. But being a long time Henderson local, I have been consistently disappointed in this location. No matter what time I come in, there seems to about a dozen teenagers working. These kids don't know anything about how Jimmy Johns does business. Twice now, I've ordered my favorite sandwich, #2 with the freebies. Both times, they have added peppers. This would NEVER happen at the other LV locations. Also annoying, last time I came in, they informed me they didn't have punch cards yet, but they happily stamped my card from another LV location. Today, they told me they don't have a stamper, even after I explained last time I came, I got a stamp. Step your game up, JJ!
2	Okay, gave them a second try and I'm afraid it wasn't much better this time around.  This time I ate it right away (a short drive back to work, less than 10 minutes) rather than refrigerating it like last time.Still with the stale bread...what gives?  Can someone tell me if the bread is supposed to be a hard crust-style bread or if it's supposed to be soft?  The end that was not cut was super hard--crunchy like a cracker.  What a huge turn-off.I got a Vito this time, hoping to salvage my last experience.  Again, still not much in the way of flavor except for the onions.  I would have figured the salami would have contributed flavor-wise...not so much.  Pretty much I ended up with a stale onion sub.  Ugh.Jimmy John, I'm sorry but I'm so not impressed.
2	The Short of it: Sub-Way with better bread.The Long of it: this location has a cramped space. Their assembly line style doesn't seem to lend itself to any faster service but it does create many mistakes. They have gotten my order wrong about 3 times (probably for the last time).  Ordering it on line didn't make it much better or save me any time getting back to work. On the plus side; it is clean and the food is fresh if lacking in flavor.  It's a little bit overrated. But if you want a little step up or change of pace from Subway and can't do without a sandwich it will do in a pinch.
2	If their customer service would have been better. I could have stretched a 3 star. But...I started with the Vito. The bread was soft but had no taste which in most cases is OK because the taste should come from the meats/cheese/etc.But even with deli meats, my pallet was barely moved. I probably shouldn't have had one so close to a Subway deli trio, cuz I had one the night before.I initially introduced myself as a first timer, and I wanted to know about the ordering process. The order-taker kind of expected me to know what I'm doing. But when he got around to explaining I ended up having to view the menu board myself. I should add that the guy folded his arms on top of his register screen and leaned over it as if his job was back-breaking. Aside from him, one other order taker, two delivery persons, and maybe 4 sandwich makers, I would expect everyone to be on top of their game. But customer service was a department they don't have.The only positive thing I observed is that my sandwich was ready in seconds. But even then, I had to bag it myself with the rest of my over-priced combo.
5	The sandwiches are very fluffy and soft. Everything on their menu is very healthy and delicious. But there isn't one in San Diego :o(
5	Amazing!
4	It's Jimmy Johns. Get in, get your sandwiches freaky fast, don't forget to order a pickle, look at the cool signs, eat it, and then beat it. The staff at this location knows how to smile and is friendly...and the food is consistently good. And the fountain drinks are mixed properly and don't suck. What more do you need?
5	Great sandwich and a friendly staff!I like to order the Italian "Un-which." So yummy! Make sure you get it with extra lettuce and extra peppers. You won't be disappointed. Order a pickle to top off a quick healthy meal!
4	Another visit, another great sandwich. They're getting an updated review because the fountain drinks were funky tasting. Also I was told I could order just a half pickle, they gave me a whole one. And their Skinny Chips...bleech, won't buy those again. Still for speed of service and a great sandwich, along with service with a smile means even though they messed up they still keep their 4 stars.
2	The good thing about this place is they are quick. If you want a sandwich on your lunch break then go for it. Lightening fast, almost no wait for something freshly made. Everything was fresh, normal depending on your appettie. The prices aren't too high but that is because the sandwiches aren't very big. The quality is much better than the competitors (subway anyone?). The mayo is great but I could pass out thinking of the fat content alone. It comes in those huge restaurant tubs. So if you are health conscious on any level skip the mayo. I would come here before other places in an emergency, it just wasn't my bag. But most of that is for me personally A lot of deli meats really bother me so the place leaves very little for me to choose from. I'd rate this as a fresh and safe, a quick staple quick lunch sort of place. It's clean and reliable.
4	Decided to come here for lunch after work. My man picked me up and we were in the mood for a sandwich. I was so glad we found a JJ's nearby! The store was clean and employees very helpful and friendly.I ordered a "Beach Club". It had Fresh baked turkey breast, provolone cheese, avocado spread, sliced cucumber, lettuce, tomato, and mayo. I asked them to leave the sprouts off and they said they didn't offer them anymore so I don't know if that is just this location no longer offering them or all of them. This sandwich was delicious! I could eat one everyday! The cost for this sandwich was $5.75My man had the "Italian Night Club". He actually ordered 2 of these because he has a big appetite and the sandwiches are just 8 inches so not quite the footling you would get at Subway. This sandwich had genoa salami, Italian capicola, smoked ham, and provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo, and Italian vinaigrette. This sandwich also cost $5.75JJ's delivers an caters. You can place orders online.I love JJ's! The prices are very affordable for what you get. This will make a great lunch stop while working on this side of town. I'm a fan and will be back!
5	Serioulsy my FAVORITE Sandwich.  And I love that the team is SUPER efficient, friendly and helpful!  Phone orders are ALWAYS ready when I get there and even when we ordered 10 sandwiches with serious modifications, they got every single sandwich correct.  I heard the sprouts are coming back soon too!  Can't wait.  The Beach Club isn't the same without them.
4	I'm giving JJ's a 4-star rating because they no longer have sprouts as a franchise. Everything is still great, I guess, but having sprouts made their sandwiches infinitely more interesting. They are always friendly and the sandwiches are fresh and arrive quickly. There is also a Subway in this shopping center, but bleh, JJ's is so much better.
4	Like my tip said, "IM FREAKING OUT MAN!"They make subs so fast you'll freak! That is one of their mottos. Yes it does hold true.I ordered the #10 Hunter's Club because I love roast beef and this sandwich has the most they pack from all of their choices. Everything was good from when you order all the way up to when you receive your food. They have an assembly line style of system, that's why they can make your food fast. For you first timers, here's the breakdown. All their sandwiches are 8 inches long. Now from the sandwich choices you have numbers 1 through 6 which is just your basic sandwiches with everything in it. (refer to their website for descriptions of each sandwich. Didnt wanna do it here because I know you dont wanna waste your time reading this). Numbers 7 through 17 are sandwiches that have twice the meat and/or twice the cheese. You also have slim sandwiches which are any sandwich choice minus the veggies and sauce. For you carb conscious folks they have the JJ Unwich. Everything is the same except it's wrapped in lettuce instead of it being inside the bread. And finally, you have their ultimate sandwich called the JJ Gargantuan. Get this only if you are really hungry.So once you decide what category you want, the choices get much easier since you wil decide based on how really hungry you are.I gave these guys 4 stars because of the really fast service and pretty good sandwiches. The only reason its not 5 stars because any time I want a sandwich, I think of something hot, like cheesesteak or meatball or turkey with melted cheese. So JIMMY, if you are reading this, I NEED A HOT SANDWICH! So for their complete menu, (and maybe some of you agree with me on a hot sandwich so be my guest if you wanna chime in as well) www.jimmyjohns.com
1	Gourmet? What a joke. Only in places like Henderson could they get away with calling it that. "Mediocre" is a compliment. Shredded iceberg lettuce, anyone? Does it get any more gourmet?! Gourmet prices, that's about it. They can't even be bothered to cut the damn things in half. Gave it 2 chances over the course of a year. Never going back. Subway is vastly superior, no joke.
4	So what's the big deal about this place?? Well I was about to find out. By the time I placed and paid for my order I just took two quick steps to pick it up and BAM there was my sandwich! Woah freaked me out Jimmy J! No joke, that FAST! Prices was super reasonable. Most are under five bucks for a sandwich.Ordering is really easy. There is menu above the counter and for us losing our eyesight there is a HUGE menu on the wall you can easily read.  Sandwiches are divided by Subs and Clubs and numbered. And for the picky eaters like Mr. B who likes just meat and bread (no veggies & sauce) in their sandwiches they have Plain Slims,tell them you want Slim #1,2, etc. from the Sub side of the menu. Those sandwiches set you back  just $3.75. The UNwiches - Love the fact you can get any of their sandwiches listed on the menu wrapped in lettuce.  The lettuce wrap was crisp, cold and held up my #3 Turkey Tom Unwich pretty well. Ratio of bread/lettuce wrap meat, cheese, veggies and condiment was just right amount. Serving size for the 8" orders we had were just enough for us. Quality and taste was pretty good. The turkey was pretty lean and so was the smoked ham meats in Mr. B's order. Everything was fresh and well chilled.Minus Stars for:  no hot sandwiches...but then again that takes longer to make and then it wouldn't be freaky fast now would it?  ...and also they still list Alfalfa sprouts on their sandwiches but due to recall they no longer put them on. Pssst Jimmy J...get a black marker and black out the word "Alfalfa Sprouts" from your menu. You can dine in. The place is small but they manage to squeeze in a bunch of booths that sit two people and there are high table and chairs in the back area.  Also outdoors shaded area with 2 sets of  patio table and chairs.  Service not only freaky fast but friendly as well.  Before we stepped in, one of the employees came out to let us know they had a bunch of soccer teams who cleaned them out of bread! They were baking some more and it would take another twenty minutes for it. No big deal, went and did some shopping at Target and came back...and the employee didn't charge us for drinks for the inconvenience. That was cool. Happy to add JJ's as another go to lunch spot!
4	If you eat there or have it delivered, Jimmy John's has fast service, great food & good prices.The key to their amazing sandwiches is their fresh homemade french bread!!! They  have a multi-grain bread which is good and a low carb option with their lettuce wrapped unwich, but there is just something so yummy about their french bread. My husband loves their Gargantuan! It has ALL the meat on it! But i suggest telling them ez on the oil and vinegar, otherwise you'll have a handful of oil when your done eating it.I have tried several of Jimmy John's sandwiches, but I usually switch between two. The first being the #12 Beach Club which comes with turkey, provolone cheese, avocado spread, tomato, cucumber and mayo. I always add onion too.  My other favorite is the #13 Gourmet Veggie Club; it has double provolone, avocado spread, cucumbers, tomato, lettuce and mayo.The #14 Bootlegger Club is also a very tasty choice if you dig roast beef and turkey. I like to add cheese and onion to this one as well. The #15 Club Tuna is very good if you like a tuna sandwich; it comes with provolone, cucumber and tomato. If you like chips they also have yummy bbq kettle chips. Also, my favorite crushed ice in their sodas.Jimmy John's used to have alfalfa sprouts as an option on their sandwiches, but they have been removed them from the menu.  Last year I read they were going to slowly re-introduce alfalfa sprouts back into the stores, but as of now, they have not come back to Vegas.If you are looking for a quick and satisfying place to have lunch Jimmy John's is the place!
4	Truth in advertising can be found at Jimmy John's.  They really are freakin' fast.  I come here a lot for lunch during the work week because sometimes I only have 30 minutes to spare.  During Lent, I had the #6 veggie sub more than once, but my usual order is the #2, the Big John roast beef sandwich with easy mayo.  Perusing the nutritional info this week, I learned that the veggie sub has more calories and more saturated fat than the roast beef sub--hmmm, more reason for me to stick to the #2.  This is the only place I've been where I've seen employees running in and out of the restaurant--they're delivering those subs as fast as they can!  I'm a fan.
5	I freakin love Jimmy John's. The staff are excellent and it seems that this location has about five billion on shift at all times. They are friendly, polite and so quick no matter how busy they get. The bread is delicious. You can buy day old loaves for 50 cents which is a great deal to freeze for homemade sandwiches at a later date. All ingredients taste fresh and light. I prefer this sandwich shop to another popular sub shop any day of be week.
5	I was told that they were super quick even when it's busy. I was a little skeptical because I only had about 15 min to get back to work so I went anyways. As I parked in the busy parking lot, I saw a car next to me park an 4 guys came out and I was like "I need to get out of my car and seriously run to the door to be next in line!". Of course I didn't do that cuz I didn't want to make a fool out of myself.  The place is small kind of reminds me of the setup of wingstop on rainbow and twain.  There were probably 6 people I front of me but in no time I was ready to order. I ordered the 'Turkey Tom' it was pretty good.
5	Yum yum yum!  The bread at this jj is always soft and delish compared to the other jj's in town.  Tip:  ask them to cut it in half so the meat doesn't slide out if the bread on every bite.
2	So, if you look at their website on the menu tab...the sandwich looks nothing like the one that you will receive. Okay, I get that. Pretty photo on the website, slapped together sandwich when you pay for it.The Jimmy John's by my house is at the most 2 miles away.. We share the same zip code. However, when I type in my zip code for their delivery, a message pops up that they do not currently deliver there...Uh kay.Walking in, it's three boys that look like they still belong in high school. I've interrupted their joking session, because the restaurant was empty. And I know I'm not some smoking hot 16 year old....so my presence isn't very welcomed. I place my order. My sandwich, I get a #5 vito. I ask them to put mayo on it, because the first few times I got it, it's dry. Add hot peppers and take off the tomatoes. I then order two more subs, that ends up around $18.I put $2 in their tip jar. Waiting for my food didn't take long. One of the boys asked me if I wanted a bag....... For three sandwiches, yes, I want a bag.He plops the three sandwiches on the counter, along with my receipt, and a bag, he says, "here ya go". and goes about his business. OKAY, really?Capriotti's puts sandwiches in a bag.Hell, EVEN Subway puts sandwiches in a bag.But I guess that's my responsibility.Cool, I'll remember that next time before I leave you all a tip.
4	Very good sandwiches and good value IMO. I'm glad Jimmy Johns has finally expanded into the Vegas valley. I have been a Jimmy Johns fan for a long time since they are a big chain back in NE Illinois where I am from originally. When I moved out west here the only place for subs in town were the SubWay's that seem to be on every corner here.IMO Jimmy Johns blows Subway away. Their "small" 8" subs have more meat and cheese than a 12" from Subway. JJ's uses much better quality ingredients too. You can really taste it.With Subway jacking up their prices and skimping big time on the meat and cheese lately, JJ's is a great value. The large subs like the Italian Night Club easily have twice as much meat as a 12" Italian BMT from Subway.MY favorite subs are the Vito, Italian Night Club (without mayo), and the tuna (love the tuna!). I've been to this location several times and have received adequate fast service so far. No issues to report.
2	After passing this shop several times while at Hallmark, I asked my husband to go and see what they had to offer since he hates waiting for me to pick one card out of the hundred I browse through.  We decided to give it a try for lunch.  Staff was friendly and the establishment was clean.  The food... that's where it went south.  In my opinion, I make a better sandwich than they do and I believe mine are even less expensive.  We won't be going back because their sandwiches just weren't anything to write home about.  Everyone is entitled to their own opinion... I'm sad to say mine isn't too high when it comes to this place.
1	Unfortunately there is no 0 star option, I am forced to select 1.My mother was admitted at St Rose de Lima, next door to the restaurant . I stopped by and I really wanted to give the store a try, since I will be staying at the hospital with mom for a week to 2 weeks.I asked if I could sample a taste of the tuna for the tuna sandwich, I was told no by the first guy, which was fine, I was about to proceed in ordering when another guy jumped with ok hello to repeat what the first one said and I didn't even repeat the question. I told them, then you know what, you just lost my business, and went to pollo loco instead, the guy said "fine"Sorry guys, your customer service suck. This is not a gourmet restaurant, I understand that. But for Gourmet Sandwiches, you need to upgrade your style a notch.I hope this input can help and make you review your policy and service.
1	Worst sandwich shop in town. You cannot build your own sandwich you have to pick a number off the menu. They made the sandwich wrong and they wanted to charge me for the right one . First time to Jimmy Johns last time to Jimmy Johns won't be returning. 0 stars I don't see how their going to stay open for much longer with bad service no cars in the parking lot. Jimmy would be upset.
3	It's alright.. I'm new in town and he HUBBZ and I were trying to find lunch. I asked what the difference in regular 8inch and the club sandwiches, the guy informed me that they were both 8inch sandwiches but the club versions had more meats.I ordered the "beach club" it was good, but the only "extra" anything it seemed I got was lettuce. It was more of a salad on it than a serving of lettuce, and shredded lettuce annoys me actually so that's a second negative thing about the sandwich.My HUBBZ got the Italian club one And he said it was really good, so maybe I just chose the wrong one today.The bread is reallllllly good, I'm a huge fan of French bread.Maybe next time I go I'll ordered something else or ask for "easy" lettuce.
5	Fastest delivery time you have ever seen. The Italian Nite club and their Tuna sandwich are always their best. I work in the area and its hard to get food delivered in a timely manner. They are always reliable.
4	I ordered the italian sandwich a couple days ago, the bread was hard although everything else seemed fine. The chips were good, the servers were friendly and i will probably be back to give them another shot.
1	If I could give no stars I would! Employees decided to add avocado to a sandwich that isn't supposed to have it. I am highly allergic to avocado. Had to take several Benadryl as my tongue and throat started to swell. The employees just said sorry before we left.
1	Depending on where I find myself - I go to the location on Sunset (near Sunset Station) or the one on Lake Mead Parkway (near Target).  But no more - the service and more recently, the food at the Lake Mead Parkway location is so bad, I won't be able to go back there anymore.Once, they just didn't make my order and after watching customers who arrived after me be served their orders 'freaky fast' - I finally asked about the status of mine.  They apologized, of course ... but it STILL didn't get into the prep line!  Very frustrating.On two other occasions, we arrived home twice to find that they had made a Tuna sandwich instead of the Veggie, which was really annoying. The Tuna is #3, so now I order the sandwiches by name so they don't mis-hear 3 instead of 13.Yesterday, when I suggested JJ's for lunch - my mom asked if we could go to the Target near Sunset instead of the one on Lake Mead for the SOLE reason that we'd be nearer the Sunset Jimmy John's.  When I asked about it - she said she just hasn't been happy with how her sandwich tastes the past few times we've been to Lake Mead.Alas, our shopping tour took us closer to the Lake Mead location and she said it would be fine - so we ended up there.  I ordered by sandwich name and made sure I saw the prep get started before heading for the pickup counter.  We got home and when we opened the sandwich - they'd left of the lettuce completely and there was about a teaspoon of avocado on it.  Actually, that's being too generous ... I took a photo and it's probably about half a teaspoon.So that does it for me.  My love of Jimmy John's will definitely keep me going back - but we'll never again be able to visit the Lake Mead Parkway location.  Trust me when I say that you are MUCH better off going to the Sunset location for the best sandwich brand on the planet, in my humble opinion!
