4	Ok, to start with, it's not a buffet, it's a cafeteria, like back in school!  You take a tray go along the serving line & beg... sorry, I mean ASK, for whatever you want.  It's a weird setup, but this Furr's beats the one they used to have in Loma Linda, CA (RIP) where to get seconds you had to go up to a little hole in the wall about a foot square & beg for another chicken neck!  (Sorry, I digress.)Once you get past the weird setup, the food is delicious here.  Now this is plain old American fare, but some of it shines above the same courses at Hometown & Old Country, their main competitors.  The ham, for instance, is just great here!Try it, you'll like it, & you'll feel like you're back in grade school!
4	Not much new to report here from my initial review way back in January.  Mike C. & I dropped in for lunch today, & it's still a cafeteria, not a buffet, & it's still all-you-can-eat of a big variety of excellent American food for one LOW price!  Right now it's $6.99 Adult or Sr., including beverage.Yum!     :-))
4	Furrs buffet is kind of a weird buffet because you walk along a cafeteria line and they serve you along the way ,The food they serve you is really good and changes daily the desserts are self serve and amazingly good I love pecan pie and theirs was the best i have ever had.I am going to put Furrs on my top ten list, 9 or 10 but but they will be there.
4	This place nestled in the heart of Sun City (Senior City) was everything you would expect from an American Style Cafeteria. It was reminiscent of one of my old grade school lunch room cafeterias. Late 70's early 80's LOL everything I chose was good and I left full and happy. While I was there I got into a couple of conversations (like I often do wherever I go) with some old folks that were fun and cool. An easy four stars for this blast to the past that is still ALIVE in Sun City. Rand H, Mike C and I ate and were FULL earlier on the day we were to enjoy the festivities of the Yelp Event " Science Fair" I will write about next!! =) JH
4	Cafeteria type buffet. Which is great for me since I'm a slight germ a phobe! Excellent food and staff. Low price. Great location.
4	It's where all the best Seniors are eating these days. Definitely a see and be seen scene.
4	Enjoyed a little UYE lunch here today with Arlin B., Scott W., & Mike C.  It's been almost 9 months since my last update for this place, & everything is still about the same...  good!  The price has gone up just a little.This is "plain old American food", but it's all well prepared & everything is in order in this large, comfortable restaurant.  It's a cafeteria, not a buffet, but you may go through the line more than once if you like, & you pay just one low price on your way out.     :-))All-you-can-eat lunch:  $7.39, beverages included.
4	What a great "Americana" restaurant! This place brings back so many memories of what used to be very popular restaurant's back in the day ~  the buffet/cafeteria's.  This Furr's is conveniently located just west of the 101 Hwy on Grand and Sun City.  You can tell this Furr's has been around since the fifties based on their sign and building but they have done a very nice job maintaining everything inside and out.  I had a very enjoyable lunch last with some fellow Yelper's; Rand H., Mike C. and Scott W..  This Furr's is a cafeteria however once you go through the line once, you can go back as many times as you like to, all for the same price of $7.39.  I really liked this concept because your not picking through what other the prior people have handled ~ you know what I mean!  You choose what you want and they serve it to you.  They have most of the traditional "Americana" food options to choose from.  I recommend when you first go through the line asking for smaller portions and trying more varieties of things.  This way you can refill on what you really like without over stuffing yourself.  Everything was very tasty and fresh.  I'm looking forward to going back to this Furr's so hopefully I will see you there.
5	An old lady threw up all over the table tonight.
3	Went here for lunch with fellow Yelpers Mike C, Rand H, and Arlin B.  I got real excited about the fact they offered liver and onions the day were going and even though I like mine a little on the well done side that particular dish was a real disappointment.  Most of the other dishes were acceptable and better.  While nothing really stood out as great the overall value of the place is very good.  There was enough variety of dishes should keep almost anybody happy.  Being in Sun City most of the clientele is older but there was plenty of working folks there too.
3	Sunday after church, we would head for Furr's.  I remember grabbing a tray and utensils, moving down the line making my own choices for food.  My mom watching but not interfering.  This was when I learned that I could try new things. Today, the line is just not the same, the food choices are smaller, and hit or miss on quality.  It's changed up to AYCE which makes sense, they did charge per item selected.  So when my husband and I are heading out of town and we come across a Furr's we still like to give it a try.
5	I went there last night for dinner and they closed the place down!!!  I am devastated!  I loved Furr's...
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =So sad to see Furr's here close down!  So sad, so sad!     :-((
