5	I'm sitting here now as they treat my kitten. They only do cats. They love cats and are very thorough. I'll continue to use them. Very friendly. Dr Nancy Moses was great.
5	This place has been so wonderful to us, since we discovered them after our beloved cat broke her leg following a grooming incident. We only have her groomed here from now on under the watchful eye of the vet and the wonderful staff and groomers. She gets all of her care here, and we are just delighted with everything about this place including Dr. Moses. The only vet I would recommend in Charlotte for cat owners!
5	I love 4 Seasons Cat Hospital. I have taken my cats to several other vets around the area, but I had never really been totally satisfied with the veterinary care my cats received until we came here. Dr. Moses and her staff are very caring and gentle with my cats, and I totally trust Dr. Moses when it comes to diagnosis and treatment. She is also very patient with me and answers all my questions to my complete satisfaction! I never feel ill at ease when I have to leave a cat with her because I know they are in good hands. I also recently began having 2 of my long haired cats groomed here when they get their annual lion cuts in the late spring. One of them is a big hissy girl, bites and scratches and fights, and she has to be totally knocked out before she is groomed, and Dr. Moses uses sevoflurane gas for anesthesia, which is much safer for the cats than other anesthetics that vets often use. She also uses the safest vaccines available for cats. The whole place is very clean, and when a cat has surgery he/she recovers in a quiet room, in a heated recovery cage, in a fleece sleeping bag! It's only cats and so there are no dogs here to scare my cats, which is very important also since my cats were not raised with dogs; the cats are already frightened from being in unfamiliar territory after a long car ride, and the last thing they want to face is a dog sniffing around their carrier. I always recommend 4 Seasons and Dr. Moses to everyone with cats, and especially if a cat has a medical problem.
5	I have only great things to say about 4 Seasons Cat Hospital. I have 3 Norwegian Forest Cats and my old 17 year old cat was diagnosed with CRF and heart disease last May. My old vet did very well with our dogs but seemed not to care much for cats and they were treated very roughly.I interviewed a number of vets in Charlotte and found Dr. Moses at 4 Seasons and it is the most wonderful place for cats. My old Nellie who was so scared the first time I took her now jumps on the scales and peacefully waits for Dr. Moses. The lab techs are so gentle and sweet to all our cats but Nellie needs this so much now as she enters the end of her sweet life with us. Dr. Moses will even come to our house to help her cross the rainbow bridge when the time comes.I would highly recommend them.Theckla Sterrett
5	I love 4 Seasons Cat Hospital! I take all three of my cats there and one is old and has chronic diseases. Dr Moses and her staff are so sweet to my old sick cat and she is not nearly as frightened as with our old vet who treated both dogs and cats. I am in the room for all the treatments and blood drawings and my cat seems comforted by this and i know I am! I aways wondered what they did to my pets when they took them in the back room. My old cat is doing so well that nobody can believe it. When i took her in a year ago, she was pitiful. Now she is fluffy, beautiful again, and content. What a difference!I have all my cats groomed there too and when they go in for a check up, they always get any knots that have come back and clip their claws so they will be more comfortable. It is healthcare like I wish I could get at my physician's office!Going there is a treat too as you are greeted by big beautiful and sweet Maine Coon Cats.This is a wonderful, caring vet and really the only place in Charlotte for cats!Theckla Sterrett
5	I called this morning @8:45 am and spoke w/Moe ,I explained that I had never been there but read the reviews on Yelp and my cat needed to be seen .She did everything to help me and everyone @ this very special clinic was just what my cat Honey and I needed .....We will send everyone we know ,who has a cat to them....Thanks so much from Honey and her Mom
5	4 Seasons is an excellent place to take your kitty for health care.  The entire staff is very welcoming and helpful, and Dr. Moses is a wonderful veterinarian (she even called after hours to give me the report on my cat's blood work!)My cat had been a stray, so she was far from comfortable being restrained for her blood work and nail trimming - but the doctor and nurses did a great job (despite her howling!)  They also provided us with flea/heart worm/ear mite medication and free samples of "dental care" treats.I definitely recommend 4 Seasons to any cat owner in South Charlotte.  Love those two beautiful Maine Coons who hang out in the waiting area, too!
3	3 good stars, not 3 bad stars... I can't say YAY I am a fan, but I believe the practice is a good one, I will just be returning to my old vet.The vet that I have been taking the cats to for years (that I LOVE) is in Matthews and I am in Southpark now.  Little cat cries woefully during all car rides, so I wanted to try to find a closer vet.  As you can see, the reviews for this practice are wonderful.  Because they do not have weekend hours, I took both cats on the same day for their annual exams so I wouldn't miss too much work.  The cats do not like each other, with the older one being as mean as a junkyard dog.  She also likes to hiss, growl and bite once she has had her fill of nonsense.  The staff did a fair job of restraining her while doing some tests. As a spinster cat-lady that loves her cats, I had a hard time watching them try to wrestle urine samples from both and quite honestly I left the hour-long appointment a nervous wreck. Dr. Moses and staff are VERY thorough.  With very thorough comes a very thorough price tag.  When comparing similar tests and shots between her and my old vet, 4 Seasons was higher (sometimes substantially) on all tests.  When getting a quote to have little ones teeth cleaned, 4 Seasons was double what my old vet charges.  More services may come with that price, but I really just need to have clean teeth for the cat.  As someone who is just a middle-class gal trying to keep her cats alive and healthy, they were really too expensive for me to return to.The experience was like comparing your new boyfriend to an ex that you still are in love with.  I love my old vet and was only trying someone else because of their proximity to my home.  I think Dr. Moses is a good vet and she was very prompt with lab results and follow-up.  The staff was also friendly and helpful.  The appointment was just much more stressful than my time in the past with my previous vet, and as a cat-only practice I thought it would be the exact opposite.  Overall, I think this is a good practice if you have the funds and the time for it. Pros - they are cat-only and they do take CareCredit.   Cons - no weekend hours and costly.
