5	What can I say this has to be no I know it is the best smokemeat I've ever had. Juicy it runs down your hand, it is so packed with meat I have to take some out just to fit in my mouth, IT JUST MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH!!!!!!Will be going next week for my birthday going to try the steak this time......
5	Delicious smoked meat, friendly waiters, relaxed atmosphere, I love Abie's and you can't go wrong  if you are craving  for a good smoked meat! They have smoked chicken too.
2	Abie's Smoked Meat in the West Island is a delivery and pick-up place which happens to serve a sit-down menu.  When we arrived there, the room was nearly empty and this was during dinner hour.The room was being tended to by one server, who more or less, wasn't really able to communicate so well.  There was a bit of resistance when it came to explaining what was on the menu.The food was just about average.  The burger with smoked meat was acceptable.  The smoked meat portion was the component that actually saved the burger.  Go there for smoked meat, that's what they're good at.
2	Had the lunch special Smoked Meat sandwich and was thoroughly unimpressed. The meat in the sandwich was extremely dry and the meat itself covered half of the small piece of bread on either side.Contrary to other reviewers, I can only wonder what I did to deserve dry, flaky, caught-in-my-throat meat. In a city where smoked meat is iconic, there's no reason to go back to Abie's for their subpar offering. Yuck.
4	Abie's prides itself on doing smoked meat the traditional way; nitrate free and with lots of love. I'll have to admit, the discernible characteristic of smoked meat that is pumped full of pink curing salt that makes you want to grind your teeth together and have the squeak resonate in your skull like nails on a chalkboard was not present in Abie's smoked meat. Having your mouth feel like it was coated with paint stripper isn't always pleasant, and fortunately, this isn't the case there.Look, the smoked meat is decent and can hold you over until you make the trip into town for something that will ultimately fill the void like your favourite spot can. I've read mixed reviews on this place - which sound like people who were comparing their favourite and not having this stand-in cut it... Does a taxi get you to work if your car is in the shop? Yes. Is it any 'less' of a car? No. Abie's does the trick if you're in the middle of St Jean, amidst a snowstorm and there's 45 mins worth of traffic on the 40. Are there better in the city, sure... it just depends who you ask.
4	Abie's is one of two deli's I know of that still do things right.That's to say, the brisket is properly seasoned and smoked, hand sliced. The service I've received while casual is always thorough and down-to-earth. I'm sorry for Mark G's experience but am also surprised, & wonder if he asked for medium smoked meat sandwich (best meat to fat ratio). I'm sure if he'd commented to the server the sandwich would have been replaced pronto.
4	If you're craving smoked meat and not planning on driving to St-Laurent for Schwartz, finding parking and lining up outside anytime soon, then Abie's is a pretty good option. Their meat is super tender and delicious, bread, fries, coleslaw- it hits the spot. The only complaint I have is their "Open/Ouvert" sign is not turned off even though it's closed.
