4	I can't believe this place is tucked in a strip mall with a Subway and a Fry's!I came here at 8 a.m., right when they opened their doors, on a weekday last week and there was already a line! The aroma was wafting out into the parking lot.. yum!Scratch is really cute - fashionable with pink and black walls and cool vintage Vogue covers on the walls. The  pastries are great. The downside? They're really pricey. I think the almond croissants are $3 a pop. But they are heavenly. My husband is completely addicted to this place.Their coffee is good, too, and its organic and fair-trade.I tried their sandwiches last weekend, though, and wasn't impressed. They were just too expensive for what amounted to a (admittedly great) slice of bread and cheese. But I'd like to try their quiche next time. I'd definitely recommend coming to Scratch -- just get here early, before they sell out of their croissants!
4	Adorable little hidden gem... Thank you Jillana and Anandita for your reviews - that is why I decided to try it today!I have to admit that I only had their iced green tea, but i picked up a box of pastries, which actually looked more like edible art.  They were beautiful!  I brought them to some friends, and I'm sure they're enjoying them!  I chose the lemon tart, chocolate praline, and strawberry-rose.  I'd like to go back for breakfast or lunch.  I liked how they serve quiche with a field green salad for lunch... sitting there enjoying my tea, I remembered seeing the book titled "French Women Don't Get Fat."  Maybe if I eat at Scratch Pastries enough, I can 'not get fat' either!Regardless, adorable little find with friendly employees and fantastic service - I'll be back soon to enjoy breakfast or lunch or both!
4	Delicious lunch offerings and sweets that look too good to eat.  Perfect place to stop on your way to someone's house for dinner or to pick up a dessert for a special occasion.  Lunch will run you $7-9 an entree and the yummies are 5 bucks and up.  Definitely a place to try!
4	I just stopped by here last night to pick up some pastries to go.  I cannot believe this cute little place is sandwiched between a Subway and Fry's grocery store.  I ordered the Strawbery-Rose Gateau, Green Tea Fleur Cake and the Chocolate Bouche.All were delicious!  The strawberry-rose gateau has a very light strawberry cream (and inside of that cream is a strawberry gel), over shortbread that is encased in a vanilla dome.  The Green Tea had a nice sticky caramel center.  And the bouche was a chocolate and rum ganache.All the pastries were around $5 each.  I hope this place makes it.
2	I just happened to drive by here today when I was in need of some sustenance.I was figuring I would walk in to a heavenly bakery full of pastries galore.Not really. I saw a half naked bakery case scattered with random desserts, no pastry, and honestly none of them looked appealing to me.But that's OK, I was happy to see that they had some regular food items like sandwiches and quiche on the menu.I'm a Quiche Lover~ I did not Love their quiche.(see pics)It looks quite pretty but unfortunately it was lacking any and all flavor and the crust was really hard and tasted like cardboard. Boo.I did not care for their version of a vinaigrette either it was very thick and sticky.I also ordered an ice tea, and got a choice of fruity or minty, I chose fruity.Strangely enough it tastedlike a mix of the two and I didn't care for it much.Sadly I have to give only 2 stars based on the quiche maybe their desserts are better?
5	We've been here four times in less than 2 months I have a feeling we will go here many, many, many more times.  It's one of my new favorite places in Scottsdale. I had the mushroom quiche (each time) obviously delicious if I ordered it 4 times in a row.  I usually like to try new things the first few times I go to a restaurant and then settle in on my favorite items but... each time I go, I remember how amazing the quiche was, and just order it again.  It comes with a salad and super yummy vinaigrette.  I always loved that about European restaurants, they serve salad with their egg dishes instead of potatoes. The crust on the quiche is amazing and I love that it comes out square instead of pie shaped so I get yummy crust with over half my bites!  Gary has gotten the 4 cheese quiche 3 times and an omlette the other time. He says it's the best 4 cheese quiche he's ever had.The most amazing part of the restaurant is their pastry selection!  Oh My Gosh, SO incredible!  and SO Delicious!  We have now tried four, five, six (?) different pastries.   The raspberry rose pastry is wonderful and so fresh tasting, like a flower garden.  The 3 chocolate parfait pastry was not my favorite.  When I looked at it I thought the chocolate layers were going to be creamy and soft and they were hard and cold, it was good, but I wouldn't get it again.  The French Brest is praline between two yummy puff pastry cookies.  That was delicious, very sweet, very creamy, melted in my mouth.  AND my favorite was the French Meringue. I've gotten that one twice.  It was spectacular, super sweet, all white, a meringue that was heavenly and a cream frosting that was out of this world!  I'll have to brush up on my French pastry terminology.They were a little slow getting to us on our second visit and they gave us a bag of cookies for the wait!  I thought that was nice of them and totally unexpected.The decor is grey and pink with lots of framed fashion photos.  The owners are there working the tables, asking what their customers thought and if they need anything.  That is always a good sign to me, caring owners... with French accents, witch makes my experience all the better.If you have not been here yet!  GO! GO! GO!
5	Yay!! This place is fantastic. Great pastries and atmosphere. I can't wait to go back.
4	Scratch Pastries is one of the best place to get sandwiches. I love their Smoked Duck Breast w/ Walnut, moist and tender with the crunchiness from walnuts.  While salads in general are not high on my list, I really like their salad that comes with the sandwiches.  The dressing is really good and perfect for the salad.  Don't forget to try the Chicken Breast w/ Dijon Mustard Mayo & Italian Ham w/ Aged Comte Cheese sandwiches too.  I forsee myself coming back to this place everytime I have a hankering for a good sandwich.
3	This place wasn't quite up to scratch for me. I had the foie gras sandwich.  It was pretty good, but I was still ravenous $10 later, so I top it off with a chocolate croissant ($2.75) which was also good.  Definitely a cute space with above average dishes.  But in the end there just wasn't enough bangs for my bucks.
2	Pretty cool space for sure.. the pastries were nice as well.. the 3 girls behind the counter seemed like they could have cared less if we were there or not.. whatever. Had a pecan toffee tart.. eh, have had much better.. this one would be have really good if it didn't taste like the caramel was burnt. I will say though they they do have some of the prettiest pastries Ive seen in the valley.. very clean and creative.
4	Still haven't had the food here, but I did have an afternoon meeting at Scratch today and the service was attentive and the people that were in and out during the 2 hours I sat there seemed to enjoy their pastries and meals...I came home with a few bags of cookies and my brother and I had them for dessert tonight... they were delicious.  We both especially liked the jasmine flavor.  If nothing else, go to admire how pretty the pastries are and how cute the space is!
5	this is that place that you need to tell your friends about, ..very unique ,short menu but easy to find something you like.  the pastries are works of art, everything prepared on property and incredibly fresh.  great place for a quick lite lunch.
2	OK, the restaurant experience is only as good as its weakest link. This lovely little place has great food. However there are two big issues. First, the service has to be good. We got caught in the shift change. Our 1st waiter was fine but our second waitress seemed to care less we were there. Second issue, $2.75 for an ice tea (brewed), and $2 for a refill, give me a break. As sort of icing on the cake, the waitress (yes, the one that didn't really care we were there) simply brought us our check when we finished lunch. We asked her, "hey don't you guys have pastries here?" Never had to ask for desert at a pastry place. All in all a nice place to eat but they need to focus on getting the little things right to earn those five stars.
3	3.5. We came here after hearing the raves from a friend. The place is indeed hard to find, squeezed in the Fry's strip mall, and next to Subway. The deco is simple but cute, and the staff is attentive.I ordered Spinach and Goat Cheese quiche, my friend got Mushroom quiche. I have to agree with most yelpers on the salad. Their salad with vinaigrette is delish, and the quiches are pretty good size. Frankly I have had better quiches, but these are not bad at all.The dessert selection is huge, took us 15 minutes to decide which one. I was contemplating between the dark chocolate and "New Dessert" (peach and caramel), but ended up with the latter just to try something new. My friend got the "Hulk". I didn't care for the Hulk, a bit too sweet. The peach one was ok. Next time I'll DEFINITELY get the dark chocolate one. Overall, it's a nice place for quick bite when I'm near old town. Will go back!
4	I must say that this place was nothing like I expected when I read that we finally had an authentic Parisian patisserie in the Valley, owned by two REAL PARISIANS!  I envisioned a warm, casual shop with fresh croissants, danishes, cakes, etc. like the places I experienced in Paris.  Needless to say my expectations were way off - I should have been thinking less mom-and-pop Paris bake-shop and more Payard Patisserie, with delicate pastry works of art in a stark, hip space.  We shared two desserts, a blueberry something-or-other and a lemon tart, and both were fantastic!  So while it's a little more upscale 8th Arrondissement than casual 5th, it's still authentic Paris in Scottsdale, and who doesn't love that?!
1	A photograph of the burning Twin Towers hanging on the wall of this 'pastry' cafe taken by the owner while staying in a hotel in NYC is an exercise in extreme insensitivity.Unbelievable.
2	Went back to Scratch for the second time this Sunday and I think our love affair is over. I so don't want it to be, I am a firm believer of supporting any independent business, but it just wasn't working for me this time around. My last visit was a 3-star experience (for the food, the actual space to me is just OK, nothing special) and having spent the afternoon with out-of-towners in Scottsdale, thought it might be a nice little stop off before trotting back to my Chandler hood. Upon arrival, we were greeted with dirty dishes on the outside table left from the previous diners, and several of the tables inside hadn't been cleared either. Not that busy inside so they definitely had time to clean up. 2 out of the 4 pastries we ordered weren't available, so we ended up sharing some sugar & butter crepes. Now I have to admit, they were pretty tasty and would have warranted a 3-star reaction if it wasn't for everything else being slightly off. My mother-in-law came out of the bathroom to declare that it looked like someone had been sick in the basin. Nice. And I do agree with another reviewer that it seems slightly inappropriate/insensitive to have a picture of the burning twin towers displayed amongst the fashion shots on the wall. I know the owner is a brilliant photographer, but maybe this should be in his private collection. Oh, by the way, the tables outside were still covered in dirty plates when we left 45 minutes later.
3	First of all, I don't find photographs of significant US history offensive - I mean Scratch isn't hanging a Hezbollah flag or anything, I think the previous reviewers need to calm down.I had a light lunch in Scratch today, asparagus veloute with a salad for $7.50. The layout  and pastry display confused me a little, I thought this might be another "order at the corner then sit" deal, but the woman behind the counter set me straight and was prompt getting me situated. I asked her opinion on the soups, and she pointed out that both the asparagus and mushroom veloutes were made with chicken broth, but that they had a new vegetarian soup, Carrot Ginger. I was impressed because I hadn't even said I was vegetarian. But, ummm, I hate carrot soup, so I went ahead and did the unthinkable by ordering the asaparagus. I had brought a book, so I chilled for a while, as well as checking out the artwork and the retail items. Apparently the soups are made to order, which hardly seems efficient for a restaurant, but it didn't take nearly as long to be served as I'd anticipated. The side of greens was fresh and a good complement to the thick creamy asparagus soup. I am a soup aficionado and am usually upset to find a runny mess set in front of me, but this was just how I like it. The asparagus had not been overcooked and thus was not bitter at all, the soup was perfectly balanced. I would say that perhaps it was not as hot as I like soup, but that's my only complaint. There's another front house employee at Scratch that is apparently the King of Awkward Jokes. When I entered I said I was in for lunch and he announced they don't serve lunch...beat...haha. Later I asked him for a water refill and he said they didn't have anymore water...beat...haha. Once was disconcerting, twice was just too much thank you.Nonetheless, I would definitely come back to Scratch to try out the whole wheat savory crepes (smoked salmon and sour cream, yes please!) and desserts.
2	So, i've been in this area many many times, just wanting a sandwich and not knowing where to go.  See scratch on Yelp and get excited---finally a place for that sandwich---and a place where i can pull out that laptop. Well, when my sandwich arrived I just knew it would not be good.  Don't get me wrong---it is presented quite nicely, but it was obvious that the bread was all wrong.  And, indeed, upon taste, the bread was just awful.  I expected much better from a french pastry-type shop. The pastries looked (in size) like those you'd find in france.  But, if you know french pastries well, you can look at them and again tell it wasn't quite right.  Taste-wise, however, they were fine.  I've had much better---but I'd eat these again. Its a bit difficult to find.  Its on the north side of the street, in the strip mall with the huge grocery store.
4	Scratch is an adorable little pastry shop on the corner of Miller and Indian School.  From what I gather, the owner is almost always in the shop behind the scenes creating the incredible dishes and pasteries I have come to love.  I have been to Scratch about four times now and have never had a bad experience.  The place itself is rather small, tucked away in a shopping center right next to a Subway, the home of the $5 footlong.  The decor is fresh and inviting from the pink/grey walls to the framed magazine covers stylishly displayed along the walls (the owner's wife is the model in many of them).  But, enough about the building and decor.  The food is by far the highlight of the experience (as it should be).  I would recommend any of their sandwiches as the bread appears to be freshly baked daily with encrusted herbs.  Each dish comes with a side salad with the most amazing tangy rich dressing (I think I will have to purchase a bottle of the dressing next time I'm there).  I recently tried the asparagus soup which was deliciously creamy and rich.  The quiche I would also highly recommend.  I've ordered the lorraine as my entree on one occasion but have also sampled the spinach and goat cheese which was equally incredible.  (each menu item is really reasonable, I think $7.50 for soup/salad, and $8.00-$9.00 for most sandwich/salad and quiche combos).Please, no matter what you do, even if you are so very full after eating a scrumptious lunch or dinner here, you MUST try one of their pasteries (even if taken to go).  I would highly recommend either the milk or dark chocolate tarte.  The fruit tarts also look amazing but I have had the hardest time trying anything but these amazing chocolate tarts.  They are well worth the $5.00.
2	I'm in  a quandary about Scratch.I walked over there for lunch today...my first time trying out Scratch.The note on the counter said "please be seated" so OK. I sat at the communal table in the middle of the room and waited...and waited...and waited. Ten minutes by my watch. Nobody behind the counter or taking food out looked at me, or acknowledged me. So, I decided I must be doing it wrong. I walked up to the counter to order and was told by the man behind the counter that "no, we wait on you" but he nicely took my order (sandwich and coke), and let me pay (BTW, I included a 20% tip up front, when I paid with my card, so I was trying to be proactive about getting good service...lesson learned) and said they would bring things out.I waited...and I waited...and I waited, while several people came in, seated themselves, were brought place mats, utensils, ice water, and their orders taken and their drink orders brought out. I finally walked back up to the counter and asked to at least get my drink order...profuse apology from the man behind the counter, gave me a bottle of coke which turned out to be frozen solid. Another trip to the counter. By this time you can only smile at the comedy of errors. They finally brought me a place mat and the rest (no, ice water never showed up), and then finally the sandwich.I suppose the sandwich, which was good, on good bread, well made and tasty, is the reason to give Scratch the benefit of the doubt and give them 2 stars (the service was below 1 star).The little salad they serve with the sandwich was fresh and the vinaigrette was tasty, so that was nice as well.Was it $11.00 + tip for a small sandwich good? Well, that is my quandary. I think at that kind of price point, the sandwich needs to be terrific, not just good. And, the service should at least be adequate, and it was nowhere near adequate.So, 2 stars for now, and maybe I will go back and try it again in a few months.
4	I live down the street from Scratch Pastries and LOVE their food.  I haven't sampled everything on their menu but recommend the Quiches, which size wise are big enough to share.  Their mushroom soup is awesome too, just make sure you aren't in a hurry if you order it because it does take some time as they make it as ordered.  Their house dressing is very tasty too.  Usually I avoid a vinaigrette like the plague but this one has a nice flavor without coming across too strong.  The color and consistency is a little weird but once you get past that, you are in salad heaven.  Their pastries are amazing and so is their tea selection.  Their Eros tea blend is amazing for you tea lovers out there.  Their desserts? O...M...G!!!  I've died and gone to heaven.I would have given 5 stars but there are a couple of gripes.  Their hours are kind of random and have changed from the ones they have posted on their window, not sure if the ones on the website are correct?  My other gripe is the only side they have for all of their entrees is a mixed green salad.  I have health issues that make it difficult to eat lettuce/Mixed greens so unless I want to be miserable, I can't eat the side salad.  I even asked my server, explained my dilemma and he said they didn't have anything to substitute.  Oh well, you win some you lose some.
5	i have been going to scratch for a while...  i am in love with their home-made ice cream and yogurt!..  such flavors as cherry pistachio, violet and wintergreen mint chocolate...  well, today i tried a french lavander cookie with chocolate filling...  this is heaven!..  i mean really!the staff are great and friendly...  it's a comfy place and the treats are the best!...  it is my favorite bakery...
4	My friend loves this place and took me here for my birthday, Scratch is a very different, and I am guessing an acquired taste, type of place. Small menu. Mostly Brie, goat cheese etc. I had a Chicken Caprese Sandwich- Yum very good and the salad on the side was delicious! My friend had a Brie sandwich ( I hate Brie so I did not try it but she said it was great) The pastries here are very unique. I have had them a few times now. Rose and Lavender flavored deserts which are very unique. I hated both but only because I do not like flowery tasting food but I can see they are made with high quality and fresh ingredients. I love the hazelnut opera cake and the meringue was interesting( Salted caramel) I also had a rum tort like dark choco opera cake.YUMMY!!!! The service was good for us despite the other reviewers. I would eat here a lot more if it was in the neighborhood.  Limited menu but I want to try some of the other sandwiches.
4	Had a meeting at Scratch yesterday and I'm in love. I can't wait to go back and try more of their menu items! And especially their desserts...the case full of enticing treats was almost more than I could stand! :)The whole place was just adorable. I loved the "girly-girl" meets "Retro punk rock" vibe. Who knew something so cute and trendy existed between Subway and Fry's!The iced mocha I had was great, but their selection of teas and coffees was huge. And their menu looked fabulous. I wasn't too hungry, so I tried the crepes, which were delicious. The food the two gals I was with looked amazing though. Definitely a "must go back to"!
4	Invited here for a meeting last week and really enjoyed it. On a side note, I am surprised at how often I am getting invited to the Indian School and Miller area these days, lots of great little places down there. The atmosphere is very cute, a big bright pink wall, black leather furniture and ultra chic fashion photos on another wall (one of my guests knows the owner, apparently he was the photographer?). The pasties in case looked really lovely, and we had very attentive service. Our food was delicious- I had the the organic carrot veloute, a smooth and delicious soup accented with ginger and cilantro. It was served with a bed of lettuce and dressing. The only things that didnt thrill me were the salad (is it salad or garnish? if its a salad a couple slices of tomato and cucumber would be nice) and the price is a bit on the high side- $7 for the soup. But the overall experience was great and we'll be back.
4	Not to be confused with Scratch and Sniff..This place is fantastic. Serious culture for Snottsdale but hey, ya gotta start somewhere. Duc (pronounced Duke) the owner (a real Frenchy) is super cool and understand satisfying customers.  You can not go wrong with any of the tarts and I am a HUGE fan of mogador. Seriously, the name alone is cool! He has brought genuine french pastries and an international flare to an area that truly needs as much diversity as it can get! Scottsdale is a better place with the Duc!
5	Went for dinner last night - kind of surprising to find great French bistro food in a strip mall next door to a Subway, but..My French onion soup and wife's foie gras (she was going to have the duck pate, but it'd all gone) were absolutely first class.  Confit de canard and coq au vin came next, both spot on.  Wobbled over to the pastry counter and wanted everything, but settled for a wonderful pumpkin-based creation washed down with a perfect espresso.We'll be back.
5	Scratch Pastries is truly a blessing to South Scottsdale; as soon as you step in, it feels like you have temporarily escaped your every day surroundings and are about to dine at an authentic French Cafe. Although the interior design is quite charming; which includes the perfect pink walls that are decorated with unique photographs that the chef took himself (as  I learned he is also a very accomplished photographer)eyes should immediately turn to the beautiful waitress who is always the greatest pleasure and extremely attentive. Everything from their sumptuous vanilla green tea to the delicious sandwiches and crepes are amazing!  Everything that I have tried at Scratch has been quite the treat, although I would definitely recommend the BLTC accompanied with one of their many delicate, fresh made soups.  As I have been a Scratch patron for some time, I decided to try the restaurant for dinner as they recently opened Wednesday- Sunday nights. I must say I was more than impressed! The rich and savory flavors of both the Coq Au Vin and Chicken Normandy were excellent. The house red wine is a wonderful french blend that accompanies their meals perfectly. I adore the side dishes which consist of a delicious carrot puree and smashed potatoes that goes heavenly when dipped in the flavorful sauces.  My boyfriend usually orders the duck confit and every time he is more than satisfied and always compliments how tender and delicious the duck meat has been prepared. as if all these wonderful dishes were'nt enough, you MUST try their fabulous pastries! Im a sucker for eclairs so usually order one of their varieties which has never disappointed. If you are looking for a charming, unique cafe that will go beyond your expectations in every way, don't wait another minute and head in to Scratch, you will not regret it!
4	Found this little gem off the side of Indian School and gave it a try for lunch.  It's a cute little pastry and sandwich shop and the people who work there are super duper friendly.  My husband had a quiche...maybe one of the best i've tasted.  I think the best part of that quiche might have even been the crust...wow!  I had the duck and walnut sandwich and it was super tasty and very fresh.  Both sandwiches came with a dry spring salad with the most amazing carafe of balsamic vinegarette.  I rarely eat ALL of my salad but I scraped up every last piece.  My baby girl had kid's menu ($5) crepe and it was huge and served with tons of fruit.  She ate every last bite.  We also indulged in a few pastries which are quite pleasing to the eye....but keeping in mind that sweets aren't my thing...i thought they were just too sweet.  My french husband and half-french daughter thought they were perfect.  They also have a blackboard wall guests can chalk on while they wait.  Really cute.  Can't wait to try the goat cheese and raisin sandwich and the one with Brie.  Lastly, they make those "logs" around Christmas that the frenchies so adore and I'm guessing we'll be seeing one of those in a few weeks.  They also do the Roi or "king" cakes where each person gets a piece hoping they got the little toy placed in the cake (i did hear they won't put the toy in unless you insist).
5	Recently, as my family coasted toward a national chain for a quick bite, I exclaimed "turn the car around! We are going to SCRATCH!" Scratch Pastries is just the right size and off the beaten path just enough to feel unScottsdale. No plastic surgery in sight. I got the feeling everyone eating there was intelligent and interesting. I had their chicken sandwich and My Husband and stepson and I each grabbed a French Macaron to go ( a little pricey at $6.95) They are only 1 of 2 places I know where I can buy a French Macaron in town and they are AMAZING.  I walked out of SCRATCH having enjoyed fresh, organic, hand made food. We had a great conversation with the owner who mingled with his patrons and we had no irritated college server rushing us to get up so the next party could be seated. Instead, we sat, in peace, only overhearing the 2 French women and 2 elderly girlfriends speaking intelligently over their Brie sandwiches. Our 10 year old got a lesson in culture and fine ingredients and presentation and I was able to gaze across the space to a wall filled with uniformly framed fashion photos taken by the owner who was once a photographer in France. He married his model wife and moved here and opened this great spot. So the place has a fabulous story to go with the delicious eats. I am hooked.
5	Another great Yelp find. Thank you Yelp. Who technically is Yelp by the way? Besides all the great honest Yelp reviewers.....who had the brilliant idea of starting it? I will have to do some research.Anyway.....my husband and I loved our lunch we ate here today. I tried the smoked duck breast and walnut sandwich.....very tasty... and my husband had the smoked salmon sour cream and dill sandwich...which having tasted (after much begging mind you) can say was awesome.Of course entering a venue that has Pastries as part of the name you cannot leave without trying dessert! My husband who is a huge pumpkin pie fan just had to try the one here and he did not regret it.....very good. I having looked at the dessert display several times throughout our lunch became overwhelmed and could not decide so asked the waitress for her opinion....her advice was to try the caramel eclairs....very, very good advice! Personally I am usually a chocolate person but decided to be adventurous and try it. Truly delicious especially with one of their luscious cappuccinos. This is a place that serves realistic portions and will not continually fill up your glass for free. Being Australian this does not faze me as no one gets anything for free there! lol I also like that you can't accidentally overindulge....it is you own personal responsibility! lolThe atmosphere is very understated with photographs on the wall that having read previous Yelp reviews I understand to be the owners photography having been a fashion photographer and his wife I believe I read was a former model. Being a photography lover and fashion lover I found the photographs interesting and thought it great that they added their own personal touch rather than putting up the standard expected art.Overall we enjoyed our experience here and will definitely be back to slowly work our way through the menu. Oh and can't forget....the service was excellent, lots of smiles and very attentive.
5	I just LOVED everything about this place!First, the most important part, the food was great! I ordered the goat cheese and mushroom quiche- perfect! Flaky crust, touch of nutmeg-yummy! I also ordered the cupcakes but will be sting those later. The accompanying side salad was a nice touch. Dressing was served on the side- thank you! Next, decor and music were delightful- looks like it may be owned by an ex-model. Third, the staff was super friendly and efficient- great combo!Keep it up guys!
5	As far as quiet evenings with friends go - this one was one of the best. We started the meal with a beautiful full-bodied Merlot from Hob Nob. The *true* French onion soup was great. A taste of their buffalo mozzarella and tomato salad was too tempting to pass up. The cheese was so fresh it melted in my mouth. The fois gras was divine. Thick slices of buttery goodness...I couldn't think of the calories I was consuming! Then the main course arrived. Sliced lamb with mint jelly. It came with the most flavorful rice I believe I've ever eaten! I also tried a bite of each of my companion's meals which were each delicious as well. Our service was top-notch. As I was enjoying the meal, I noticed a curious person watching me out of the corner of my eye. As it turns out - the chef/owner, Duc, was making sure his creations were up to his obviously high standards. As the only customers left in this adorably quaint establishment (decor including a chalkboard wall), we were wonderfully entertained by the chef and his enthusiasm for French cooking - giving tips to my friend and discussing his ability to accommodate private parties who love his food . Overall...one of my favorite meals yet!
5	This place is a great surprise. It's located in a strip mall, but don't let the surroundings throw you off. It was one of my absolute favorite casual, French dinners ever.From what I understand, they only recently introduced the dinner menu. Even so, there were no signs of growing pains--as if they'd been doing it for years. The food was very well presented. I had the foie gras salad to start. It was simply prepared with a tiny baton (fresh out of the oven!), mixed greens, balsamic vinaigrette, and a generous, thick portion of fois gras. Outstanding.I had the coq au vin afterward. It was a more modern take on the classic French comfort food, with some of the traditional elements separated out. Again, presented very well. The chicken breast was topped with mashed potatoes. The braising sauce was perfectly seasoned. It came with a carrot puree, bacon (lardon perhaps? I can't remember), and sauteed mushrooms, all on the side... I had to remind myself that I was an adult in a public place to keep myself from licking the plate.All the while, we were well attended by the wait staff. During the meal, Duc, the owner/chef, came to check on us and make sure everything was up to par. As great as the food is, meeting Duc was my favorite part of the evening. The man was very enthused to talk about the meal and the restaurant, despite being at the end of a long day. His passion for food shows in his words and in his cooking.I ended with a profiterole, to-go. While going through the pastry case, Duc even gave me some great insight on the methods and history of choux pastry dough. I've been struggling with making it at home, and I can't wait to try his recommendations.
4	Five stars if my second visit is as good as the first.  I had a few minutes to kill in the afternoon, so just went in to have a look around because I've heard good things.  Even though there wasn't much left in the pastry counter, what was there was amazing.  AMAZING!  The pastries were all so beautiful they almost didn't look real.  Some of the chocolate even was finished with this metallic substance that made them look just like copper.  The girl behind the counter was so nice and patiently answered all the stupid questions falling from my drool covered face.  So of course I had to try a mousse, and may I say AMAZING!  Best mousse I've had in years.  There were obviously no shortcuts in ingredients or preparation.  Can't wait to go back and try more!
1	My sister and I decided to stop in for a bite to eat this morning. There were few people there, and we were asked to sit down. I asked for a coffee and a water, and my sister asked for a hot chocolate. After a few minutes I looked up at our waiter and he was helping kids use chalk on the walls, then he was taking zany pictures with one of the cooks. Finally, the other waitress asked if he had helped us, and with a world of attitude he said to her (so we could hear) "her hot chocolate is going to take at 10 minutes"Something that would've been nice to know before we ordered it. Then another couple came in and ordered.Our waiter came by and asked what we wanted to eat a few minutes later with my coffee (and no water). We ordered two breakfast sandwiches, and water. The other couple who came in later was served their meal when we saw our waiter leave. Still...no water.So I got up and asked for a water, one of the other cooks brought it to us with my sisters hot chocolate (that was good, but not hot).Finally the couple who arrived later then us finished their meal and left. This was 35 minutes after we sat down! The waitress came up to us and asked us how we were, and we said we ordered sandwiches, but she looked surprised...long story short, we had an ok sandwich 45 minutes after we arrived, maybe the worst service I've ever had, and needless to say next time I'm visiting my sister, I will not be going there. The music was pretty good however.
2	I Have absolutely had better.  We went there for their new dinner menu.  We arrived 30 minutes after the start of service, the tables were not set up and all their dinner options were not ready to be served.  We had the french onion soup and goat cheese salad to begin.  Both were just ok and over priced.  Then we had the coq au vin which had ok flavor and was a little dry.  I really wanted the duck breast (there were 4 versions) and none were available until 7pm (2 hours after the dinner service began).The service was lacking in competence and professionalism.
4	Great french pastry shop.  It mostly caters to breakfast & lunch crowd--but recently started serving dinner Wed-Sat.  I've never been for dinner, so my review is for day menu only.The "breakfast" menu consist of pastries/croissants only... if you want the typical American egg dishes, look under the lunch heading.  I've had both their omelets and quiche's -- which are wonderful!  Also, the cafe mochas are not overly sweet (a la Starbucks) but still tasty.  Decor is semi-modern, but very laid back atmosphere.  Go check it out :)
4	I hated sharing. Went here one morning to buy pastries for the office.  They had just opened...at 8am.  Don't bakeries open earlier?  Anyway, no biggie, but I was a little shocked at the lack of selection.  I (wrongly) assumed a place with "pastries" in its name would have, well, pastries.  Perhaps my search should have been more specific to "boulangerie."  It appears they primarily have deserts and confections, rather than baked goods.  Regardless I saw they carry croissants and inquired.  They had four different types in the oven, and I got one of each: almond, chocolate, butter and raisin.  They smelled so good I didn't want to share with anyone else.  My co-workers took, and loved, the butter and almond.  I ended up with the raisin and chocolate.  Both were perfectly crisp on the outside, tender in the middle and full of flavor.   I do wish they were larger, for almost $3 a piece.I do intend to go back one day and try their lunches and other delectable treats.  But, maybe next time, I won't share.
3	Came here for brunch a while ago, when Indian School Rd still had the never ended construction, and i missed my turned at the first try, so I blame to the construction, lolThe deco of Scratch is very interesting, small, but very bright. One wall is full of pictures while the other wall is just plane with it's name on it. I had the Duck/Asparagus/Parmesan Quiche, and friend had the Savory Crepe. Both came with a side of salad, which I found the dressing was light and delish! However, my quiche was on the dry side, interesting taste with the duck, and kinda of too much egg. Both dishes were definitely in a good portion for one :) We shared the fruit tart which was amazing!! They have a huge selection of dessert which may take a bit of your time!Will go back for more of the dessert for sure!
1	My family and I live in Tucson but were in Scottsdale this past weekend to do some shopping. We decided to fid a local place to eat rather and stumble don Scratch. We walked in and it was not clear we had to seat ourselves. The menu is on the wall which leads one to believe you order at the counter, where there is a register. There is no indication there is table service like a regular restaurant. After standing at the counter for a few minutes discussing what we wanted to order while the woman behind it fussed around and ignored us, another couple and a family walked in after us. They knew the drill and asked for clean tables. The staff cleaned tables for them and they sat down while we still stood. I should add that my daughter is four and was sleeping while being held by my husband, so we could have really used a seat.We stood and stood and stood in the middle of the restaurant while the staff moved around us and set the tables for the the couple and family who came in after us. The staff continued to ignore us. Finally they started to clear a table for us, but then walked away without setting down menus or a placemat like they did for the others. Still no one had spoken a single word to us. By this time I was quite irritated so we left.It's a shame because I like to patronize local businesses wherever we go and the menu looked fantastic. Perhaps the place was understaffed. Perhaps they need better signage. I never got to try the food. I could not get past the neglectful service. Not one word was said to us the whole time.
4	Great place to go! Good food, friendly staff...a bit pricy but it's worth it once in a while... pourquoi pas?Desserts are the best!
4	Great food. I had the smoked duck breast and walnut sandwich, yum!  My dad had a pesto chicken salad. The staff were friendly and the place was clean.  We went for lunch.
5	best croissant and pain chocolat since paris. this is the real thing, folks! no. joke.CROISSANT is supposed to be warm, airy, drippy, buttery, savory, crispy, flaky, crumby, messy, and just DAMN good.It should be so good, you can eat it plain.If you want to take it over the top, slather it with fruit preserves and drink with cafe longe or cappucino.PAIN CHOCOLAT resembles the croissant, but hidden inside is a row of rich -- you guessed it -- chocolate.Breakfast of the gods. No Joke.My next browse will be to zillow.com to find a flat across the street from this bakery! I AM GOING TO MOVE to this patisserie!Now, who can make me a proper baguette sandwich mixte avec crudite?!
5	We had dinner, and I'm glad I split their pork chop with my friend, as it was imperative to leave room for dessert. Pork chop with rice was really taste, and so far the veggies that came with it, had the best tasting broccoli that I've tried in my life!!For dessert, enjoy one of the attractive pastries! I had an orange one, and it was marvelous!!Chef is always around and very easy going and willing to share some time with you. Hidden magical place!!
4	After reading reviews on Yelp about various French pastry shops, my cousin and I decided to check out Scratch due to its affordable prices and relative proximity to my apartment.She and I recently returned from a summer trip to Paris, and we've both been absolutely dying for French crepes since being back. Since the reviews on Yelp were so good, we decided Scratch would be the first place to go... and I have to say, this is probably THE place to go for French crepes!!We went to Scratch during lunchtime on a weekday, and arrived at the perfect time (approx. 1:30 PM). Had we arrived any later, we may have not gotten a seat! The place was super easy to find, even with all the construction going on on Indian School, and is absolutely precious inside. There are enough tables to seat about 20 people (my estimate), plus a large wooden table in the middle of the restaurant that can accommodate large parties or those waiting for their to-go orders. The place mats are cute pink plastic doilies, and add to the really cute flair the restaurant has going for it.Once we sat down, we got down to the business of ordering our French crepes with Nutella. While we waited for our order to come out, we observed ALL the other people who came into the restaurant. For being a French restaurant, during the middle of a HOT HOT Phoenix day, on a weekday, this place was really busy! I'm glad to see Scratch won't be going out of business any time soon. :)As for our crepes... they came out to us piping hot, and were absolutely magical. They are lighter and slightly crispier than the ones we tried in France, BUT they had much, much more Nutella than what we got in France. As my cousin and I are both Nutella fiends, we loved this aspect of our crepes.The presentation was gorgeous (2 Nutella crepes for $6) with a drizzling of cinnamon over the top. The crepes are stuffed with Nutella, so break out your napkin and maybe order one of their French coffees to go with...Absolutely satisfying. The next time my cousin and I need to get our Nutella-crepe fix, we will return to Scratch! Their cupcakes and coffees/hot chocolates also look amazing, once we saw what other people were ordering and eating. Very good food for the price!
4	For those on the go with standards, Scratch is splendid. Simple menu, exceptional ingredients  and lovely owners. The pastries are a easy way to please your dinner guest.
5	Yea, the eggs benedict is absolutely delicious!! YUMMY! It's got bacon, hash browns, and a delicious sauce. Mmmm!.. I went here with my coworker to get some work done before heading into the office, and we split the dish. I regretted it. I guess I'll have to go back... anyone up for it?! :DI enjoyed the iced coffee, too! They don't have Splenda, so bring your own if you're not okay with Sweet'N'Low. Decor is awesomeService is very niceWIFI is free
4	Had a hunger itch we needed to scratch, so we ventured here on a late Sunday morning and let me tell you my friends...the itch was scratched...it was scratched feverishly well. Ok, enough metaphorical jib jab...I'll get to the point here...Scratch was wonderful.We went there on a blazing hot Sunday afternoon, looking for a little refuge from the heat...and of course a satisfying late breakfast. It was a little hard to locate at first...there's a lot of construction in the area, so if you aren't paying attention you'll miss it. It's in a really unassuming strip mall-ish location...the strip mall itself is surrounded by all sorts of retirement homes and centers, if you go into the Fry's next door I can almost guarantee that if you're under the age of 50, you'll be one of the youngest people there...so it's a bit odd that this trendy hip bakery/bistro is located here...I certainly can't imagine any retirees feeling too comfortable eating at a place like this (or maybe I just haven't met enough 'hip' older people). We ended up trying a breakfast sandwich (served up on a yummy croissant roll), eggs florentine, a crepe (with sugar and French butter), and a red velvet cupcake to top it all off. Everything was very fresh and had a crisp taste...both the breakfast sandwich and the eggs florentine seemed to focus much more on quality than quantity, which I always appreciate since I don't like huge portions, but would much rather savor a smaller meal...but this being said; be forewarned if you are into big portions, a single menu item here may not fill you up. The crepes were probably my favorite thing we tried...cooked to perfection and filled with some sort of rock sugar which just complimented the crepe with butter really well...it's pretty much a dessert, but I can't help but recommend it as an addition to whatever else you may try here no matter what time of the day it is. Lastly, the red velvet cupcake was just sort of okay. We've yet to find somewhere who can make a cupcake as good as Tammie Coe...but that isn't Scratch's specialty, so I can't fault them too much for it. Overall, Scratch is pretty reasonable for the quality of food you're getting (at least for the breakfast menu we had). This is yet another time when I wondered why anyone in their right mind would go to Denny's or Coco's when you can get fresher, healthier, and much much tastier food at a place like Scratch for about the same price. Makes me wanna go over to one of these chain breakfast places and bitch slap anyone who gives their hard earned money to an inferior product. 4/5.
5	Love the urban feel contrasted with the French cuisine and pastries.  I usually get the foie gras sandwich (comes with a salad & amazing vinagrette) which leaves just enough room for...dessert!  I've tried quite a few pastries and don't have anything bad to say about any of them.  I do prefer the milk chocolate tart to the dark even though I'm usually a dark chocolate person.  So that's a darn good tart.  Dessert cups tend to be VERY sweet.Great friendly atmosphere and definitely interesting to see an Asian guy with a French accent.
2	Damnit Scratch.  I wanted to like you.  I really did.  Overall:Here's the deal:  My daughter and I do 'daddy/daughter' once a month or so.  We decided to go see a movie and then hit this place for lunch on Saturday.  I'm sure this place is doing something right (or perhaps Yelp is doing something right on their behalf?) because this place was hopping.  As in: packed.  As in:  no seats available.  So we decide to do takeout.  We ordered 2 sandwiches (they each come with side salad greens) and 2 desserts.  And we waited outside on their patio set for our order to be done.Location:  VERY hard to spot for a few reasons:  a.) It's in a strip mallb.) The signage is HIDDEN BY A SUN-SHADE.As other reviewers have pointed out, It's nestled between a Subway and some other insignificant strip-mall business. Look for the subway if you're trying to find it.AmbianceCute in a neo-french sort of way.  Pastry case where you order, small indoor seating area and communal table, and a bit of outdoor seating that's probably only comfortable to use about 2 months out of the year here in Arizona.  (Did you know that it got uncomfortably hot outside here in Arizona?  Who knew?)  Campy french music playing when we were there.Menu selectionHere's where it gets really interesting.  Their pastries look delicious.  To be honest, it was hard to pick just a few things to try.  Their sandwiches sound incredible, and these were hard to choose as well.  I settled on a Croque Monsieur and an almond tart.  The part that is heartbreaking for a first-timer here is possibly spending a small fortune on something that isn't at all what you expected.  PriceHere's my main sticking point with Scratch Pastries.  This place is EXTREMELY expensive for what you get.  Our sandwiches were above average in both uniqueness and quality, but not 200% better than subway, next door (and that's about what we paid).  The pastries were the main event, both in presentation & price.  Again:  They were good, but not $5+ good (and that's what we paid for them.  Per pastry)Summary:Pretty cute.  Very francophile.  Interesting menu.  Very expensive.  Probably won't be back for a while.
3	Being new to the Phoenix area and missing my OC lifestyle, the new mission is to find cool hotspots here to keep me busy, entertained and maintain some kind of cool factor (I kid, I kid...kinda).Scratch is definitely a cute and trendy spot. We noticed this immediately when walking up to the front door. We sat down and the server brought us our utensils along with super cute pink placemats. We ordered a couple desserts that were also super cute thus making the entire experience an uber trendy one.The red velvet cupcake was extremely moist and the cream cheese frosting was yum. The caramel cheesecake was rich and had delicious caramel crunches on top. Both items were fun little treats perfect for an afternoon snack. I'm happy to know of a cute little spot I can go to when I need to satisfy a sweet tooth and I will probably go back to try the other items on the menu. But I will continue the search for more trendy spots including dessert and pastry shops.
5	Dear Scratch,You're amazing. I love your salads, your soups, your quiche and most of all, your dessert case -- it's immaculate. Love,Naomi
4	Visited this spot for the first time last weekend.  Upon entering, you notice the internals of the restaurant are immaculate.  It is a less is more attitude on the decor and it works for the intended setting.  There is a viewing case of the offered pastries of the day and that is where you will find most people bobbing their heads in excitement of their anticipated treats.Upon the initial review of the menu, I was happy to see such a strong price point in a specialty cafe.   Having your entire breakfast repertoire being priced below ten dollars almost made me want to try a few different breakfast ideas.  After a brisk review, I decided on the breakfast sandwich and an iced latte, while my companion chose the eggs benedict and a cappuccino.  I could see the chef via the semi open kitchen, working furiously to move the orders up to the window for delivery.  Upon arrival, I was pleasantly surprised by a fluffy croissant filled with a perfectly cooked egg and ham stuffing.  The sandwich, while not huge in size, most certainly delivered.  The accompany spinach salad had side container of goat cheese, which made the entire dish perfectly pulled together.  My companions eggs benedict turned out to be just one minaret of egg, ham, perfectly toasted english muffin and silky hollandaise sauce, rather than two.  The hash browns were home made, textured and tasty, making it a great accompaniment.  It should be noted that the heavy majority of restaurants serving eggs benedict consider two eggs the standard, rather than one, so be prepared you might want more.Both of our coffee beverages were made with care and tasted great.  I would recommend this establishment to anyone looking for solid food at a great price point in a comfortable atmosphere.  Further review coming after I visit again to try out their dinner ideas.
4	I've officially added this little french morsel to my sandwich rotation. I frequented Scratch when they first opened a couple of years ago but this little hidden cafe had unfortunately fallen off my radar as of late -- until today that is. While out and about on the town, my tummy started to rumble and I decided to take advantage of my iPhone yelp app to possibly find a sandwich spot that might not be top of mind. Scratch showed up and immediately memories came back. So I turned my car around and made a long overdue visit to Scratch. Scratch is an intimately small bakery slightly hidden within a shopping center on Miller and Indian School. But all it takes is one step inside for the character to appear. The space itself is small and relatively bare with minimal furniture, decorations or food on display. But once you glance at the menu and read the options you realize that the food is well thought out and of great quality. During my most recent visit, I opted for the turkey and avocado sandwich but I added Brie. I ordered the sandwich to-go and it was ready within minutes. The sandwich came with a mixed green salad with balsamic vinaigrette and I was ecstatic when I realized that they wrap the sandwich in saran wrap to save it from picking up any moisture from the salad. I wish that every sandwich shop did this because I can't tell you how many times I've had a sandwich with soggy bread because it wasn't separated from the sides. So thank you for that little special treat, Scratch! Moving on to the sandwich quality itself, tres bien is all I can say. The white bread was extremely soft and had obviously been made that day. The avocado was fresh and buttery and the perfect addition to the sandwich. The turkey was sliced and tasty and the sandwich in its entirety was delicious. Simply but delicious, just like the decor at Scratch. The balsamic vinaigrette was quite tasty as well and while the salad was lacking anything else besides two tomatoes, it was still nice to get some greens with the meal. While this was a great sandwich and I've also enjoyed the pastries and beverages from past visits, you do pay for the quality of food you receive. My sandwich alone without a drink or additional side was $10+. In other cities that might be reasonable but for Phoenix, it's definitely on the pricier side when you don't have a drink accompanying the price tag. But like I said, you pay for the quality of food and the quality of the sandwich was worth the $10 out of my wallet. I will just have to vist Scratch for a weekend lunch treat when I want a tasty sandwich.
5	I would have never found this place if it hadn't been for good 'ol Yelp.  To say it's a "hidden gem" is an understatement.  Even using my GPS, I got lost.  My friend meeting me there also got lost.  I shoulda snapped a picture of the entrance for my fellow Yelpers.Walking in I didn't really know what to expect.  The decor wasn't cohesive... pink doily place mats and a large red wall.  There was only one other person sitting in the small bistro when I walked in.  As I sat and waited for my lost friend I enjoyed some wine and delicious freshly baked bread.  The cashier/server was very attentive and helpful.  Now for the good stuff:  For starters to our main course, my friend and I both had a bowl of French Onion Soup.  Perfect combination of green and white onions with cheesy goodness and a slice of sunflower seed bread on top.  I'm not sure how they did it but the bread wasn't a total soggy mess.  There was still some crunch to the crust.  I didn't want to stop eating it but I had to make room for my main course... the Roasted Veal and Potatoes.  Let me just say that it was very hard to settle on this dish.  Everything on the menu sounded so good.  Then the server came by and said the lunch menu was also available for dinner.  I couldn't handle it - I saw a brie sandwich and knew I had to make serious decisions.  I ended up going with the veal and my friend had the mussles.  As our food came and I tasted my first bite, suddenly the pink doilies and the red wall faded.  La Vie en Rose started playing in my head and I was transported to the cobblestone streets of France.  Dare I say it was the best piece of veal I've ever had?  The yellow sauce it was laying on top of was a creamy delight.  Also underneath the meat were square cut potatoes, cooked perfectly.  The owner, or who I assumed was the owner, came by and showed us how they take the mussle out of its shell in France.  A very neat trick.  You'll have to ask him how to do it when you visit.  I wish I could say I kept room for desert but I couldn't stop eating the veal.  It will just give me another reason to go back.  Maybe I'll start with the desert first this time... live on the wild side.  I rarely give out 5 starts but any food that can take me to France with just one bite is well worth it.
4	I cannot believe that I have not written a review for this restaurant...where have I been!?  I didn't realize it until I wanted to add them to my "List" [of restaurants for which I could do the PR].  I love this place.  I love its eclecticism...in both the decor and the food.  I have eaten both breakfast and lunch here, and I think the food is outstanding.  (incidentally, I did just see that they now serve dinner as well.)I would give them five (5) stars, however, the service is a bit sporadic.  Sometimes no server comes, sometimes two servers come...But I give them the benefit of the doubt because when I asked the Chef (Damn, what is that fancy French name for a baker???)  if he could make me a cake like the cake I had in Prague, he said that he would!And lastly, I always offer to bring dessert and WOW people when I do, because I bring them an assortment of the pastries on display.  Even though I did not make them myself, somehow I am the hit of the party when I appear with these in hand!
5	A million stars to Scratch! I would never have found this place if someone at Modified Arts hadn't told me how great it was. And holy freakin' cow this place rocks. Dinner there was probably one of the best meals I've had all year at any restaurant. I tried the lamb (because I always get chicken or steak) and it was mouthwatering, served over some potatoes with a little salad. They brought out some fresh baked bread as well which could have been a meal unto itself. Prices were not overly expensive, but the quality was out of this world. I tried a new dessert they were offering, it was like an apple pie (sort of) but better. It's located in a nondescript strip mall, but don't let that fool you. The food is incredible.
4	Scratch may have the best french toast I've ever had!  With a little caramelization on the edges and served with fresh berries, it was like breakfast and dessert rolled into one. But such a large portion, even I couldn't finish it, and that's sayin' something if you know me.  Definitely enough for two ladies to share.I was a little confused coming in, but if you're eating in, grab a table and they will take your order.  The pastry case seemed a little empty, but we arrived about 15 minutes after they opened.  Still it surprised me they didn't have any croissants ready.  That's when we decided to order off the menu.Since I didn't try a pastry and it is Scratch Pastries, I'm holding the 5th star until I try one.  I'm thinking an eclair is in my future real soon!
2	Their pastry selection was small. I tried their French Macaron's and have to say that they weren't very good. I paid $6.50 for one Macaron and it was not good. I've had way better Macarons from Essence Bakery and Melania's Pastries and they are way more reasonable on price. I know you can't find French Macaron's in the North Valley and I'm hardly ever in Tempe. I tasted the Macarons and Cornulete (a Romanian dessert) from Melania's Pastries and they were amazing! I haven't had dinner or lunch at Scratch yet. I'll write a review if I do.
4	I am not terribly familiar with this area so a big thanks to yelpers who said that it is next door to Subway.I had a lovely lunch with a college friend here today: she had the chicken breast sandwich with brie and I had the delicious grilled goat cheese salad and ate....every...last...bite!  I'd eat salad every single meal if I could get a bottle of that amazing balsamic dressing!!!I was pleasantly surprised that the chairs outside were actually comfortable - that doesn't happen too often with a bistro table. Our server was nice and attentive, but not overly so.
3	I really wanted to like this place, but I was torn between giving Scratch 2 stars or 3 stars.  Let's start off with the good:  I love the decor, and my 7-month-old daughter loved the hot pink rubber "doily" placemats.  :)  Also, the pastries looked amazing.  Finally, tons of parking available.On to the negatives:  1.  One server for about 25 patrons.  2.  Food took forever to be cooked and then to be served to me.  3.  In what the server referred to as "the chef getting creative," they served my (undercooked) hash browns on top of my (cold) scrambled eggs... and the grease from said hash browns sunk into said eggs.  Bweck.  I will go back one more time to eat the pastries, and even if they are great, I might have to stick to my 3-star rating.
5	Scratch was recommended by the staff at nearby Hotel Indigo.  It was a good call!  Less than a 10-minute walk from the hotel, Scratch was exactly what my gf and I were looking for.  With a mostly organic menu of not just pastries but all-day food (I had a burger, she had a quiche), it was perfect for an early lunch or late breakfast.The owner even came out to meet us after our meal just to chat for a few minutes, find out where we were from and how we heard about the place, and even had some suggestions for checking out local artwork.  It was exactly the kind of service that most establishments don't have the time or patience to offer their patrons.The only "con" was the view: there was none, as it was situated in the corner of a large shopping center parking lot.  But where it lacked view, it had great food and friendly staff.  I definitely recommend it if you're in the area.
2	The kitchen was closed and we felt like we were being shoved out the door 45 minutes before closing. The pastries we had had a refrigerator after taste.Sorry, we were not impressed.
5	When I usually go for sandwiches I am disappointed when fries are nowhere to be found.  Scratch is the exception.  This is a healthy place with side salads.  I say this joyfully.  My sandwich had generous mounds of brie cheese, argula, and olive oil nestled between two fresh pieces of fluffy bread.  I left lunch not bloated like usual, but feeling full and airy.  The prices are a little Scottsdale-ish, but the quality of the food makes any meal here worth it.  It is hard to find though.  It's tucked into the very back of the shopping center north of Indian School.
3	Well, I tried Scratch again.  I wish I could give it more stars, but I can't.  In fact, if it weren't for the quality and actual taste of the food, I would give this place 2.5 stars.I had the Croque Madame, and it was delicious.  The chocolate croissant was also really good... but it was also small for the price.  My friend had the vichysoisse, and it was excellent.The service was definitely more attentive this time-- at least in terms of there being a better ratio of servers to patrons.  However, of the 3 servers who provided various things to us while we were there, 2 of them were great, and one of them was not.  While the third server did perform her duties, she was not warm in any way.  More importantly, one thing that happened REALLY put us off.... and I was going to write the details here, but I have decided not to get into it, in the interest of discretion.  I will just say that one server was VERY rude to 2 elderly ladies at the table next to us.  VERY, VERY rude.In the interest of fairness, I will add that my 9-month-old daughter did knock over and shatter a glass, which was completely our fault, and the "rude server" did clean it up and tell us not to worry about it. All in all, I would say to go here for the pastries for sure and if you are going to get actual food, carry-out might be the better way to go.
2	2.5 stars really. I've been holding off on the review because I stunned myself by paying $6.50 for a macaroon. Really? I did that! Ugh. It was tasty but $6.50!?! And, that's not even counting my breakfast: $9 for a wedge of quiche and a salad (that I didn't want - I just wanted a piece of quiche). I don't mind paying for good food (anyone who knows me knows food is pretty much WHAT I spend my money on... ) but I'm having huge buyer's remorse... over my meal! Something's not right with that.
4	We've done breakfast and dinner here.Breakfast was punctuated by that awesome airy bakery smell, fresh orange juice, great coffee, excellent service, and gourmet breakfast sandwiches. Lots of people love to rave about the Breakfast Club in Scottsdale but sorry for me, Scratch has it beat.... clobbered even.Dinner was also an excellent treat punctuated with great service and great food. The duck was crispy but not greasy and the potatoes were cooked very well but needed a pinch of salt and a little more seasoning overall.
5	We stopped in for lunch and really enjoyed the vegan burger, but added real cheese. It was great and so was the salad that came with it.We also ordered coffee and a delicious dirty chai.Service was very friendly and helpful with all of our questions. The chef was willing to prepare a dish that was not on the current menu, but did appear on the website. We ordered the Savory Napolean, which is a puff pastry filled with two (or more) fillings that can also be ordered in crepe or omelet form. It was quite good, although we did add a bit of salt. It would also probably be better with a more sharp cheese.We ended the meal with a praline & chocolate macaroon, which we really enjoyed. We also took home one of the chocolate & peanut butter mousse for dessert later.A lot of other reviews mention the cost and I was a little surprised at the price of the macaroon, but really the food was reasonable and so was the coffee. If you want cheap food, then you should probably go somewhere else, but in a town with so many chains I will gladly pay a little more to frequent a small business with a nice atmosphere.
4	went there for dessert. ordered the orange dome, chocolate croissant and irish cup. very very good! That's all I have to say :)
5	Scratch is my current favorite restaurant of all time.  They've got it all.  Most importantly, they've got an interesting menu.  I've been spending a lot of time in Old Town lately, been in four times in the past week and it never got old.  Items lean toward the french side with the croque madame, quiche, brie sandwich, etc.  Only the freshest ingredients.  The eggs are so good and I don't even like eggs.  Many healthier items on the menu, but the most decadent desserts too.  Great coffee and their own croissants in the morning.  They've become a popular neighborhood place as word's gotten out.  Success often shows up in attitude from a restaurant's people, but their people are always so solicitous and we always get great service no matter how busy they are.  I sincerely hope Scratch is around for a long, long time.
3	Despite their great croissants, I swore I'd never go back to Scratch after about my fifth or sixth run-in with their bratty staff (However, FWIW, the owners are quite nice). After almost two years I acquiesced to my desire and was pleased to find that the croissants are still the best I've had in the states and better than all but the very best I've had in France and Quebec.No opinion on if the staff is any better. The service was totally underwhelming but not as openly hostile as they were in the past. Their croissants (especially pain au chocolat) are truly five-star and the rest of the food is generally good but I'm still quite wary of the staff.
4	Consistency every time i return in quality of ingredients, service and taste of food!  how nice that one of the owners recognizes you and comes over to greet you.  the friendly staff behind the counter and nice girls who wait on you when you come to dine in add to the positivity.  my favorite dessert is the yogurt with fresh granola and fruit.  i wish this place were open a bit longer. i've had most of the entrees, loving the duck salad with the sauce, the fresh greens taste like it's gone from field to plate in the same day.i'll happily give this quaint bistro 5 stars if they stay open longer hours. i feel like this is scottsdale's best kept secret.
1	Very disappointed. This was becoming our go-to place on a Friday afternoon...until yesterday. The service was horrible. Two very unexpereince waitresses were shabbily dressed and ditsy. Others who arrived after us received menu and service before my husband and I. Although I could have gotten past that had the food been up to par. I ordered the Melted French Brie Walnut and Cranberry sandich...sounds delightful doesn't it...well think again the Melt brie wasn't melted, I wouldn't even call it warm, cranberries and walnuts were sparse. The salad that accompanies the sandwich, which I usually devour--dressing came straight from the fridge so it was so thick I couldn't pour it easily on my salad, the tomatoes looked water logged and maybe had sat in the fridge as well. All while the customers stacked up and waited for these two horrible waitresses to handle cleaning tables, refreshing drinks (which didn't happen for us) and getting our check---which I eventually had to ask for--and to top it off we were in so much of a hurry to get out of this place that we didn't notice that the waitress didn't give us our card back...so my husband had to go back and pick it up.  What happened? Where was the manager/owner. It will be a while before I give this place another chance...plenty of cool places to eat in Old Towne Scottsdale. Skip this one until they get their act together.
1	My husband and I heard many good things about this place so off we go. We get seated they take the order. Good so far. Menu looks good. Then I hear two waitresses arguing about our order. We order the croque Madame and a bltc and a French onion soup. About 20 minutes later a different waitress comes over and retakes the order. Still we r not that concerned. 40 minutes later (1 hour since we ordered) we get the the croque madam and then they set our other sandwich and soup down at the table next to us.  Oh sorry this is theirs and move it to our table.  They then apology for the delay and off they go. Prior to this the delay has not been mentioned although the two waitresses have been to our table multiple times. (never on their own only on our request). My husband takes a bite of the chicken blt and it is raw!  RAW chicken!  We have to call a server over (not the two waitresses a man) show him it is raw he agrees, we explain that we have also waited an hour.  They then proceed to justify the RAW chicken by explaining that they have someone training. He then takes it away. I don't know about u but we don't want a new one. We are a little turned off at this point. the rest of the meal is mediocre not great just ok. The bill comes and they have removed the chicken sandwich but are still justifying the RAW chicken and the delay. I ask for the manager. We felt that if they wanted to ensure our return we should not have paid for anything. The manager comes over and it is the man that took the sandwich away. He proceeded to once again justify the delay and raw chicken. I told him that a free sandwich we did not eat because it was raw was not the appropriate way to take care of a customer. Until the check came we were more than polite. The waitress was now at the table as well. She says "do u want the meal for free". I respond "it is not about the money I will pay however you should have offered it for free". She got upset grabbed the check and said " fine don't pay". It wasn't that we did not want to pay but our experience here was horrific. If it was my business I would have waived the entire bill and gave a gift certificate to come back. Taking the RAW chicken off the bill is just not good enough. We put $20 on the table and left. We will never go here again and tell everyone we know this story. A zero rating is more appropriate.
4	I really enjoyed the raspberry chocolate macaron. I'm so happy that there is a place in the area that makes this wonderful pastry in the valley and does it well. We also purchased the red velvet and chocolate cupcakes. Those were pretty good. I will return to have lunch and another macaron.
5	Loved it! Best French toast ever!
5	It is rare for me to find a place that has such a relaxed atmosphere that makes you feel welcome the moment you arrive.   Then almost never do i find a place like that that also has great food, service and good prices.  This has become one of my favorite lunch spots and also a favorite dinner spot.  We even had my friends birthday there.  Strongly recommend.
4	I thought that 8am opening was too late for a breakfast serving restaurant but at 8:10am on Saturday morning the croissants weren't baked yet. Picked up a few at lunch and they were delicious but for those who eat their breakfast late.
5	I've been wanting to check this place out since they moved in, so one day I ate here for brunch with my boyfriend and his parents. It wasn't that crowded when we got there, but eventually a ton of people came. We would have preferred to sit outside, but some woman was taking up an entire 4-seat table by herself. The atmosphere is nice, and it's a really cute place. We sat by the window inside. There was one bug on the floor, I'm not sure if it was a roach or something else though. It probably came from outside. Or it's a sign that this place is a totally authentic French joint, lol.My boyfriend had the nutella crepes. I ate some of them too, and they were really good. His mom had a quiche, and she said it was excellent. His dad had some huge salad. I had eggs Florentine, which I thought sounded good. I learned that I don't like hollandaise, but fortunately I was able to scrape it off and enjoyed the rest of my meal. Their chai is really good. I wish the prices were lower, but that's because I am a cheap ass. I think the prices are on par to the quality of the food (that we ate anyway) though.I will probably eat here again sometime soon. Their whole menu looks appetizing.
5	Decoration has changed and desserts are still OHHHHHHHHH!!! I came back for breakfast and we had benedictine eggs, they were just good, but let's be honest, the real reason to return to this place OVER and OVER is just one. DESSERTS!!!
4	Scratch saved me a few weeks ago!  We went to a restaurant (to remain unnamed) that had a terrible dessert menu. Even though I was craving something sweet I was not going to settle for the garbage they were selling.  So I stopped at Scratch on the way home, and was surprised to see the place packed with dinner guests.  It's a small place so I was able to scope out the plates, and everything looked very appealing, lots of color on the plates and appeared to be prepared nicely.  The ladies at the counter were very helpful and honest in recommending a dessert, so I ended up with two: A macaroon type pastry with caramel filling and a raspberry chocolate mousse cake.  I was very happy with my selections, and I'm looking forward to trying their breakfast and dinner menu's soon.
4	After looking at the menu online, I was very excited.  It's hot so I was craving gazpacho which was on the online menu. I walked up and the occupants at the four tables outside all glared at me at the same time. Weird, considering I'm not that interesting to look at. I proceed inside and grab a table for me and my sister. The booths were full but there were tables on the other side. The tables are close together and as they began to fill up I was feeling a little too close to my fellow diners.  I love their place mats. The drawing wall is a nice touch and the inspiration for my sister's chalkboard paint wall. I liked having the cool framed photos to look at on the opposite wall.  Time to order. To my dismay they did not have gazpacho. They had a cold potato/leek soup but that's not my gig. My sister and I decided to share the basil/mozz/tom bruschetta sandwich and the grilled goat cheese sandwich.  The goat cheese sandwich was good but too goat cheesy for me. It was dressed with walnuts, dried cranberries and greens. I put a little of my balsamic dressing on it to moisten things up. The bread was great! The salad was good but nothing special.  The bruschetta sandwich was actually just bruschetta. But very good! Service was friendly but just ok. We had to go up and ask for silverware after our food arrived and after we tried flagging someone down.  Also, my water remained empty for awhile. They seemed a little frazzled but as a former server I cut slack when I see the "holy hell, what is going on?" twinkle in the eye.I would like to go back to try their soups and hopefully gazpacho. They are very vegetarian/vegan friendly and use organic goods. They have some interesting cocktails and intriguing wine selections (red velvet red wine? yes, please!) and the pastries looks amazing. I can definitely see myself lounging on the patio with a cocktail for a nice, reasonably priced Saturday brunch
4	Were I rating this place on food  alone, I would give Scratch an INFINITE number of stars-- this is one of the finest chefs in the Valley, and I would gladly pay more than what they are charging (yikes!  PLEASE don't raise prices, Scratch, lol!).  Really, as a brunch destination the food is peerless.  I've been here three times for brunch, and once for lunch/early dinner, and the quality of ingredients, choice of menu classics, and execution is simply perfection.  I felt like I was right back on the RIve Gauche.  Everything on the plate here is simply stunning.  AND THOSE DESSERTS!  Like being back at Laduree (if you've been there, you know what I'm talking about).  Ambiance is clever enough for such a stripped down, strip mall location, and that isn't all that critical anyway.  What keeps me from giving Scratch the highest of accolades is the service.  The girls, are, quite simply, dingalings.  Several of them aren't even all that friendly or accomodating, and none of them are at all efficient-- and it's not because they are letting you enjoy your stay, it's because THEY FORGET ORDERS! Every time I've gone, I've had at least three different girls, usually harried, offer to help during the course of a meal, but they rarely smile, and are always forgetful. Given the splendid food, it hasn't bothered me all that much, but better trained and/or selected staff would help make the Scratch experience not just delicious, but flawless.  Oh, that food!  Oh those desserts!  Oh that FRENCH HOT CHOCOLATE!  Improve the staff, and this could be the best dining experience in the Valley.  Really.  The kitchen is that good, and that creative.
2	ehh, came in here to get a coffee and the condescending tattooed waitress just ruined the whole trip for my fiancee and I. The display looked great, and to judge a place without actually eating there is not my style. However, customer service is very important, and not only was she rude, but also kind of insulting. Personally I would not go back. Scratch this off my list...
4	I am liking this place more and more everytime I go here.  I first went only for the sweets.  Their cupcakes are some of my favorites and its rare to find authentic macroons.  I finally went here for lunch and it was fantastic.  I got the chicken pesto sandwich and it was bomb.com.  I want to go here again for breakfast sometime.  Only downfall, it can get pretty busy and theres usually only one server.  Not a big deal
4	The food and ambiance was great. I came for breakfast. Service was really really slow, but I wasn't in a rush either.
4	Scratch. From scratch.  Made from the basic ingredients. Not containing any prefabricated ingredients. Killer desserts, which is what I had here.  And good cappuccino.  But I wanna return for breakfast.  And lunch.  And dinner.  And dessert.  Again. But I think I may have picked up some calories from the air in this place.  Bakery air.Pricey on the dessert though, but wonderfully yummy, made with care and tenderness and affection.  And sugar.
2	Food was amazing but the service was horrible! I would suggest to take out don't dine in. I ordered the eggs Benedict, instead of Canadian bacon, they put crispy bacon on it served it with hash browns and a salad with a balsamic vinegarette. The two girl working there were so unprofessional from their interaction to the attire.
4	So delicious! I've been twice now. Once with a couple of moms and our babies/toddlers. It was kid friendly - they have a few kid's options (which my picky eater ate happily) & a changing table. A note though, they only have 2 high chairs. This doesn't make the place better or worse - I just found it to be helpful info since I was with kids. I liked it so much I took my mom for mother's day. She loved it too, which isn't an easy feat. ;) I've had the build your own omlette, the french toast, a mocha & french macaroons. EVERYTHING was yummy. It's 4 instead of 5 because of the service. The girls were nice, but not super with it. ;) (i know that's mean, sorry, it's just true)
4	Every single thing that touched my lips was amazing. Salad was light yet well balanced. Entree was rich and sweet. Desert was light, slightly bitter and refreshing. All in all a great meal.
4	Wow I had the best breakfast/dessert here!  Nutella crepes are amazing!  I've never tried Nutella before but these crepes won me over!  Since I split the crepes with a friend I completed my meal with the Eggs Benedict.  The Benedict is perfect!  It comes with a poached egg, the right amount of bacon, right amount of hollandaise sauce on an english muffin.  Perfect amount of hollandaise sauce....my eggs or english muffin wasn't drowning.  Thank you Scratch for introducing me to a fantastic Benedict!  The staff were helpful and gave great recommendations.  I can't wait to go back to try something off the  lunch and dinner.  I will have to leave room for some dessert too.  The window was full of great selections!
5	This was one of the first places I tried when I moved here from Ohio last year. I was told, "you have to get the crepes!" and sure enough that is what I get every time I go. It's hard for me to order just one thing so usually I order a crepe as my "dessert" even though I'm tempted with all those delicious pastries staring me down in the display case. If I didn't live on the other side of town, I would probably be there 4 times a week(and probably weight four times my size now.) It is such a unique little place with not one bad thing on the menu. I always bring my out of towners there to eat as well!!
5	My new favorite breakfast spot! Let's start with the Nutella crepes... Yum, Yummy in my tummy!  My friend and I were nursing a little hangover, so we were ready to chow down and ordered the crepes to split and our own meals =).  I had the omelet with a variety of cheeses, served with a fresh green salad and hash brown patty, it was cooked perfectly and I really enjoyed the salad on the side. I was also very impressed with their coffee, the strength was just right and served in a huge mug, so I only had to ask for one refill!  Because of the time we made it to the joint, other patrons were eating lunch, and I couldn't help notice a mouth watering bowl of tomato soup ... that will be on my next visit for sure!
1	Man, what can I say about this place except that it was just terrible? I went here for lunch based on a recommendation from a foodie friend who said it was good. I should have reconsidered upon seeing the twee website, but I persevered because the guy has good taste. So I get there to meet my dining companion at lunchtime on a weekday. It's a small place, with a pastry counter and an open dining room. It started off on a somewhat negative foot when I sat there for awhile waiting for the waitress to take my drink order, and nobody came. The bad part was that 1) they weren't busy and 2) because of the open floorplan, I could see both waitresses just standing behind the counter chatting it up rather than tending to me. But the menu looked good- salads and sandwiches with a french brasserie kind of flair, and I like that, so I overlooked it and ordered the vegan salad and a diet coke and put my game face on. My companion was excited to see Croque Madame on the menu and ordered that. For some reason, something in my gut told me that this was just the type of place to have the diet cokes in bottles with no refills, but when I saw her fill my glass at the fountain, I was reassured. The food came and looked pretty good. The madame came with a small salad, and my vegan was lots of lettuce, some corn, a couple of avocado slices, and a pile of sprouts with some marinated tofu on top. Sounds good. One thing I didn't like was that it was served in an aluminum mixing bowl- I like to dine on actual plates, but again- twee. The salad was unimpressive, to say the least. The corn was canned, the dressing was bland, and the tofu was not good at all. People think that tofu is always the same, but it's not. Tofu can be very delicious, ala Johnny Chu, or disastrous, ala Pei Wei, and there is a lot of variation in between. This was thinly sliced, marinated in something tasteless, and hard and a bit squeaky like at Pei Wei. My companion was not pleased at all with her madame. She immediately complained that there was no bechamel sauce on it. I thought she was just being her particular self, but then I did look at the menu again and there it was, called out in all caps. But upon inspection, the sandwich consisted of a slice of toasted bread, a piece of cheese, a piece of ham, and an egg. As I made the best of my salad and she ate her 3 bites of the madame, I finished my soda. But nobody came back. Again, they were busy chatting it up behind the counter. Finally a waitress came out to collect someone else's plates and bypassed us. I yelled out to her to tell her I needed more diet coke, and my companion asked for a refresher on her coffee. The waitress made a point of looking into her half full glass and saying "ANOTHER diet coke?" and I just knew it. I looked at the menu again and saw in small letters at the bottom "$1.25 refills for coffee and $2 for sodas." Really?? Really??? When you're charging me $11 for this BS salad? I pointed this out to my companion and she was irate...and also said she wasn't feeling so well. After waiting 10 minutes for anyone to come back, I walked up to the counter and got my check. After waiting another 10 minutes, I took my check and money up to the counter. I have to admit something. I tipped 14%. I have never in my life tipped that little. It literally hurts me to tip less than 20%- that's my starting point. Indifferent and often even bad service gets a 20%. But f it- I'm never going back, and neither is my companion. Scratch will be gone soon.
4	Lots of variety of things to get. I've only been there the one time, but the people I was there with frequent the place, and say it's hit or miss on service but the food is nearly always delicious.
4	Delicious, unique and a bit of a hidden gem in Scottsdale. We have had a quick breakfast here a few times now and it is great. The chocolate croissants are flaky and buttery, basically melting in your mouth. The crepes are cooked to perfection and plated beautifully. The customer service is very good. The menu doesn't seem to have many vegetarian options for dinner but we look forward to enjoying lunch here soon as they have many items we would be interesting in trying. Head over to Scratch and say Bon Jour to some tasty French cuisine!
4	My husband and I had dinner there this evening. Loved the presentations and the tastes.  Would certainly recommend it to our friends.  From start to finish everything was delicious.  My husband and I shared a goat salad.  He had fillet mignon with vegetables, done to perfection.  I had the fish in a banana leaf with a rice pilaf.  Just a taste of Vietamese.  Dessert shared, a chocolate mousse with orange .  Would we go back? YOu bet.!!  D. H.
5	I was shocked to see that i haven't written a review for this place yet as I come here all the time.  I live nearby so i love coming here for breakfast in the mornings.  When the weather is nice i walk my dog over and enjoy it on the patio which is so nice to do.  They are very nice to having dogs around.  Their croissants here are delish (they the almond one) and i often enjoy the 2 egg breakfast with hashbrowns (their hashbrowns are my favorite).  Ive also had their eggs benedict and egg sandwich which are both very good.  They also have a nice selection of french teas that i really enjoy.  If you want to come here and enjoy a nice meal with good music and in a place where you can sit and read enjoyably-come here.  It is one of my absolute favorite places in Scottsdale.
4	I have visited several times and never have been disappointed.  The food is very fresh and pasteries are wonderfully delicious. I've had the chicken salad sandwich, fresh salads and my husband the cornish hen and we have never been disappointed with our meals.  Fresh ingredients and wonderful presentation.  The atmosphere is light and open, casual setting and staff friendly and knowledgeable on the menu.  I must say the service could use improvement - never rude, only short-handed so you may tend to wait a little longer on the menu, drinks & check. If they improve in this area they get my five stars!
2	This used to be a place I would refer to friends as a "must try" when in Scottsdale, however - I must say I was rather disappointed upon my last visit. The service has never been a strong point for this bistro but the food always made up for it, until recently.  I was disappointed going there for a birthday brunch and the desserts tasted almost freezer-burned.  It first began when the hostess indicated it would be about 3-5 minutes to clean a table so I told her not a problem and I would wait in the patio where she can find me when the table was ready.  I waited 20 min for a table to be cleaned off for a party of 3, while I noticed  others were continuously going in and being seated. It wasn't until I walked in and asked about my table, that the server then cleaned off the same table she originally pointed would take 3-5 min to clean.I was bothered, but tried to dismiss as an oversight so I just anxiously looked forward to the good food and great desserts.  The meals were good (I had the salad - my guests the nutella crepes) but the desserts were a disappointment.  My guests had never visited Scratch before so when asking about the desserts they were told to look at the display and given the brush off - I indicated they need to see these delicious desserts anyway and that they are usually very helpful with recommendations, so I guided my guests over to the showcase.) We stood at the display and interested in finding out if there was a house favorite, but at no time were any of the servers offering any assistance nor did OUR server ask if we were ready to order.  I finally walked over to the cashier to place our dessert order.  As much as I RAVED about this place to friends, I was very embarrassed and disappointed during this visit.  Our drinks were not refreshed and the only thing the server was expedient was the check.  I previously rated them a 4 star due to the service needing improvement.  It seems that this establishment has gone backwards not forwards.  IF I decide to return, perhaps I'll have to place a order to go and skip the dessert.  Sadly disappointed...
5	I feel like I'm in Plaza Mayor in Madrid, or a cafe in Paris. This has such a modern European cafe feel to it. I love it. I love the homemade pastries, mousses, and everything else. I've had the chocolate eclair- Which I wanted to LOVE but sadly the icing on top is a tad too sweet. But scrap some of that off and it's perfect. The iced coffee ( I like to bastardize my coffee with cream) is delicious. The large is MUY grande. Expect your thirst to be quenched. The Irish Cream mousse is tre bien. It's a little pricey, but worth it.
2	Scratch- I use to love you and now I've grown complacent with you.  You were once a chic place to indulge in sophisticated pastry brought me back to the quaint French patisseries in Paris.  You now serve up little to no....comment vous faire dit (how do you say)... je ne sais quoi! The pastries were slightly old and could have been so much more.  The bathrooms were dingy and the waitress was less than knowledgeable.  Let's hope this Saturday night visit was out of the normal.
4	Another day and another bakery; a second stop on my tour of the Valley of the Sun would take me to Scratch Pastries & Bistro, a relative newcomer (2008) to the scene featuring both baked goods and a bistro menu focusing not only on French inspired creations but also frequently utilizing French imported items in their creation.  The brainchild of Duc Liao and his wife Noelle based on their time in Paris as a photographer and model, respectively, the space had originally appeared on my radar based on the recommendation of a friend and had only increased its status in my mind by advertising one of my favorite desserts - the Paris Brest - on their website.Located in a rather unattractive strip-mall beside a Subway my arrival to Scratch would be just past noon and with the thermostat topping the century mark I made my way quickly from the car to the cute French-Chic interior and greeted by two young ladies behind the counter I was asked if I planned to dine in or take some items to go, a decision I debated for a few seconds before I was handed a menu and left to decide.  Already with lunch plans I knew the bistro menu was not the choice (though admittedly the duck and foie gras had my attention) and as such I turned my attention to the pastry case only to be told that no Paris Brest was available - a disappointment to be sure, but at the same time given the variety of options (including a number of my other favorites) not totally disheartening and after a few moments of indecision I opted for three selections, paid the modest tab, and made my way outside to enjoy.Beginning first with the only warm item of the group, an almond croissant fresh from the oven, my first bite from Scratch would show that the Liao's time in Paris had been well spent as the golden shell shattered on my bite giving way to an airy layered interior with a smear of sweet frangipane that not only added flavor and nuance to the already sweet pastry but also did not weigh down the wispy pastry inside; a fine balance not often seen in American Almond Croissants.Moving next to another French specialty, a small Salted Caramel Macaron stored refrigerated in a plastic sheath, this two bite $3 cookie would prove rather average largely due to the temperature and a degree of dampness marring its characteristic crackling shell.  With the filling ample in flavor I do wonder if perhaps the dry Arizona air has something to do with the decision to store these cookies chilled, but overall it is not a decision I fancied when it came down to texture.For my final taste of Scratch I opted for an American classic, my typical Red Velvet cupcake, and where the macaron disappointed the cupcake achieved at the highest level; a textural masterpiece ranking in my top 3 red velvet cupcakes of all time.  Beginning first with the frosting, seemingly a small puff of sour cream cheese actually tunneling down into the body of the cake, it was quite good but where this cake truly stood out was its density - the sort of moist sponginess that made the cake seem almost undercooked as a bit of red dripped onto my hand, but in reality a veritable cloud of loaded with chocolate and vanilla tones that permeated the palate in perfect balance with the frosting.  Overall Scratch was a good visit and I feel like I (pun intended) merely scratched the surface of what they have to offer - if and when I return I'm calling ahead to make sure they have the Brest and while I'm there I'll check out that bistro menu because, really, where else can you get duck and foie gras for lunch in town and chase it with a top notch French Pastry or cupcake?
4	Perhaps on your excursion to Scratch, you had a triple chocolate stomach ache or some sort of fruit tart mouthgasm in mind, which totally makes sense. It's basically the closest thing to a (euro-hipster) patisserie in town.I, however, wanted a salmon burger. Hear me out: 'twas fantastic. The patty itself was incredibly tender and m-word (say "voiced" but replace "v" with "m"... god, I hate that word) and paired flawlessly with the coriander sauce and coconut cream that accompanied it. I'd definitely rank it in my top 10 anything-but-ham-burger list. But, the surprising aspects of Scratch don't stop there. They offer a completely vegan cheese burger topped with mushrooms, cucumbers, avocado, peppers and tahini, as well as vegan soups and salads. A butter-and-eggs bakery, doling out vegan entrees? Oh no they didn't (but actually they did) and you can color me impressed. Now, if only my sorry excuse for a wallet could handle the admiration I have for your food...I didn't buy from the pastry window, but I inquired about nutritional information, to which they replied, "We don't have it listed... probably because it's really bad for you, honestly (chuckle.)" And you know what? That's the best damn answer I've ever gotten from a dessert counter. Thank you for your salmon patties, your vegan food, and your honesty, Scratch.
5	YAY! Scratch is the best! They have such yummy pastries and if you want to do a ladies that brunch day then say no more this is the spot to go!I love the light items on the menu and always could find good brunch choices. Also the French/chill feel with the chalk wall and also the framed magazines on the walls is great. In Scottsdale I think it is one of the better less crowded spots that ultimately has better food than R&R or other brunch spots.
3	I've lived in the area for 2 years and noticed this place for the first time on Thanksgiving day. I popped in to check it out. The sandwich menu looked good so I figured I would grab a couple for me and the hubby. $7.95 a sandwich and a 32 oz iced late for $4.09. At first I though the sandwich price was a bit much.I had the tuna melt w/ sliced hard boiled egg - I really didn't know if I would like this or not but I felt like trying something different. I was pleasantly surprised. This sandwich was awesome - the bread was perfectly buttered, the tuna was tasty and whatever the sauce was that was added in the mix ugh! so damn yummy. Then there was the egg, which added a whole new layer of flavor. It didn't take away from the other flavors but added just enough to the mix. I didn't care for the salad that came with the sandwich. The mixed greens were a lil' weird. The vinaigrette was tasty though.I had my first encounter with a French Macaron here. I had no clue what it was but I asked about the flavors anyway. As soon as "Salted-Carmel" left her mouth I was sold.  The $6.50 price is pretty steep but they are without a doubt a tasty treat which has sparked a hunt for them elsewhere in town.I also ordered a iced mocha latte which was delicious. It was also cheaper than some other placed I get them in the area.I had a good experience, I do plan to return for dinner at some point.
4	4 starts because they were a bit pricey.  Scratch is famous for their pastries.  However, I don't do desert at lunchtime.  The Eggs Benedict was beautiful and tasty.  Afternoon shade on their front patio could be improved upon.  In the afternoon, I had the sun in my face had to move my chair around.  Scratch is better than Scottsdale's classic, The Breakfast Club!
4	My wife Lori has had some pastries from Scratch before, so we decided to try it out for brunch.  I had the eggs benedict, which was amazing... the poached eggs were runny and perfect!  I'm sort of new to poached eggs, Lori had mentioned that it's sort of hard to find at restaurants, they are afraid to undercook them.  In addition to ham, was crispy bacon pieces and the hollandaise was light and creamy.  Lori had french toast which was thick sliced, creamy on the inside but crunchy on the outside.Service was excellent, there were two waitresses that worked all the tables together.  One of them wasn't quite as knowledgeable about the food, but she wasn't afraid to ask questions of the chef and get back to us.  The decor is bright, chic and comfortable.  We will definitely return and probably put Scratch into our regular rotation.  I look forward to going back for lunch to try the many eclectic sandwiches.PRICING: It seems a little pricey, but the food was fresh and prepared perfectly. The portion size was adequate for a normal eater, but I'm a big guy and usually like a little more (but as I've said in other reviews, I'm trying to avoid the super-size mentality, so this is actually a good thing).
4	Driving home from dinner and in the mood for something sweet, my girlfriend hit up her iPhone and searched "desserts."  We just happened to be passing near Indian School and Hayden to get to the Loop 101, and Scratch came up on top.  In a 'why not give something new a try' mood, we checked to see if it was open at 8:00 on a Wednesday night, and to what would become our joy, it was.We walked up to the dessert counter, and took a look at a marvelous selection of pastries.  We decided to grab two and head home.  We went with the Opera.  A chocolate cake with coffee cream covered by a hard chocolate dome.  Quite good.  We also had the Mogador.  A chocolate raspberry cake.  Also delicious.To our surprise this little place is more than just a bakery.  It's a full blown french bistro.  A great cafe selection of sandwiches, salads, and breakfast items; along with a full dinner menu.  There's also a very intimate ambiance.  While there's not a whole lot of room in the dinning room, it doesn't feel too cramped.  The tables are also set up very nicely, it almost looks like your at a wedding.  I'm going to have to come back and give the entrees a try!
5	I visited this little jewel when it first opened and bought six pastries to take to a friends luncheon. I was really disappointed and never went back. Three years later, looking for a breakfast place near my home, I stumbled upon Scratch again, this time to rave reviews. I decided to give it another chance and get actual food here and I am so glad that I did! I chose the Eggs Benedict with ham (I will try the smoked duck next time). This is the first place in Phoenix/Scottsdale to get hollandaise right (they make their own), the poached eggs were perfection. Now, I normally get really irritated at a small side salad on a plate of great food as an afterthought. At first, I ignored it and dove into the actual food that I ordered. I decided to use it as a palate cleanser but then I couldn't stop eating it! No "afterthought" sides for Scratch!  My husband said the hash browns were the best ever and I agree. They are seasoned with maybe fennel and rosemary?  I was full so I had to get my macarons to go. The salted caramel is just like butta!!  I would love to keep this little place to myself but it wouldn't be fair to the rest of humanity.
4	This place is great!  The lunch sandwiches were fantastic, the food was fresh, the crepes were delicious, the tea was great, coffee was excellent and the pastries were... there's not even a word for how good.  it's a quiet little place with friendly service and a humble atmosphere.  I searched two weeks for where i wanted to go for my birthday lunch/dinner and this was the place i had decided on.  With the strange hours, it took a week and a half of waiting but even the 20 minute drive there was well worth the food.  I suppose it's a bit pricey if you're looking for a quick bite to eat but if you're looking for quality, this place is great.If you're not interested in the food, at least try the pastries, seriously... just wow.
1	I have eaten here before and it was very good but this morning my husband and I stopped in for breakfast and did not have a good experience.  We both ordered eggs benedict which we have had there before and was very good.  The waitress comes back 5 minutes later and tells us they are out of hollandaise sauce.  We asked if they could make more. She said no it's too busy.  I am not sure why they couldn't make more because they should have all ingredients already there eggs, butter and lemon.  We would have happily waited a little longer for them to make the sauce.  There was only about 10 people in the restaurant.
4	Went here tonight with a friend and we had a wonderful experience! We decided to start with the calamari which was just ok but I am more partial to the fried versions so that could have been part of the problem it was a little on the rubbery side and wasn't packed full of flavor. The bread that came with it though was absolutely amazing, hands down one of the best breads I have ever had. It also had a mini salad with it that had a wonderful dressing so we focused more on the bread and salad as opposed to the calamari. For dinner I decided to go with the lamb and potatoes which was 3.5/5 stars. It had decent flavor but I definitely have had better. The potatoes were very delicious though :) My friend had the duck and potatoes and it wasn't gamey and fell right off the bone which was great. It had good flavor but once again I have had better. For desert I got the pear/almond pastry(tart? can't remember) and it was absolutely amazing!! Soooo delicious and had a great balance of sweetness and was the perfect size. My friend got the blueberry and lavender desert with red cake and white chocolate which was very good as well and you could taste the lavender which was delicious but overall I don't think I would have been able to eat the entire thing myself as the sweetness level was very high.This was a very cute restaurant and the staff was wonderful and very helpful. We had a great experience here and are looking forward to returning! I definitely recommend people try this!
3	I can only judge the macarons since I came here only for dessert. I ordered the salted caramel and the rasberry macaron. The presentation was stellar. But I think they were refrigerated, so that they were a bit hard to cut through even with a fork. For two macarons, it was around $9 (which is a bit pricey IMO)The restaurant overall is clean but I feel like the decor was a bit strange. The colors of the chairs and table didn't really match.
3	Try the jasmine cookies - interesting, perfumey.
4	I went here for breakfast the other day and it was VERY good! I was on the fence about going here, but decided to give it a shot, which turned out well. The place was pretty empty, but it was a weekday, so that is to be expected. Our waitress who may or may not have been the owner (she was French), was attentive. The BF and I shared a chocolate croissant and it was delicious! I like how it was sweet but in a subtle way. I had the egg sandwich, and, unfortunately, they were out of butter croissants, so I had the sandwich on french bread. The bread was good, but I can only imagine how good the croissant would be. The sandwich came with a small salad that had the most flavorful balsamic dressing....so good and also came with very crispy, almost like shoestring fries, hashbrowns. All was wonderful. The BF had the nutella crepe and it was light and fluffy with, again, a subtle sweetness. I need to try this place again before I can give them a 5 star....but it really was yum to the extreme....PS I really want to try their lunch (the sandwiches look great) and their desserts (I think I got fat looking at their display case...but so worth it)
3	I've been to Scratch before, and I remember them as a quaint little neighborhood bakery... But a recent visit revealed notable changes. The dining room has been reorganized to accommodate more people, the decor slightly updated, and menu changed. None of these changes are bad, it just leads to a different experience.A few things to mention: The old menu on the wall is outdated but they haven't painted over it yet. Service is a little disorganized. I wasn't sure who was waiting on my table, the first waitress was very inattentive and seemed to care little about the customers.  She never brought silverware, she never brought water, she never showed up again to check on us.  After she took our initial order, a second waitress had to come out 10 minutes later to confirm the order--needless to say, the food came out slow (about 40min after ordering).  Overall this recent experience was very poor. A shame, because I've been here in past and remember it fondly.  I guess they are suffering from a bit of growing pains.  The food is still very good.  Simple French dishes done well and the prices are fair. Lunch for two w/ drinks will run you about $25-35.  Hopefully they work out the kinks soon. I still plan to revisit and report my findings.
2	Took a galpal here for brunch. It was cute, quaint, tucked away in a strip mall, and had all the earmarks of an amazing find. The case is loaded with fresh baked treats and specialty desserts. Marriages freres tea on the menu? Wow!My friend ordered the eggs benedict, which looked just like a picture. I figured I would keep it simple and ordered two crepes with french butter and sugar- when done well, there is no better treat. Sadly, my crepes were like licking someone's sweaty palm; cooled off, clammy, yet inexplicable dry on the inside. Was there even butter on these things? I have been around enough genuine French crepes to know that there are many different ways to do a crepe, but cold and with sugar granules grinding against your teeth is not acceptable. Caramel cheesecake dessert was a little salty for my taste, but worth trying. I get the feeling that for every 7 times this place is amazing, it might be really off the other 3. Which is, I guess, sort of typically French?Sigh. Better luck next time.
5	Yes, it is in a strip mall. Don't let that fool you. This is some downright good food with affordable prices.  Even though service was very attentive the waitress apoligized for taking so long. She must have high standards because like I said service was fast and attentive.  The chef came out and asked every table how their meal was and chatted with everyone a little bit.  The food has a French flair and to it and the chef is from Paris.
4	Waitresses need training, but the food is good.  Six of us went for lunch April 1st but only five of us received our orders -- and the waitress didn't notice that something must have gone wrong. The oversight was corrected after it was brought to her attention and everyone enjoyed their selections.  I do like the menu and I'm giving the restaurant a weak 4 stars, because l plan to return.  If there's another service glitch, I will lower my rating and would probably decide not to return.
3	I only went in for their macaroons. But I also left with a few other desserts which were pretty good overall. I didn't really care for the 1 macaroon they had left (probably because I went in later in the day) it was a lavender filling macaroon. I love macaroons and make them at home myself, which are hard to make. But this macaroon in my opinion wasn't tasty at all!! I did not like the lavender taste! After two hours, I still have that flowery taste in my mouth! I will definitely be going back to try out other flavors when I get the chance!
4	Went here with my roommate last week for a late breakfast and was pleasantly surprised! I got the Eggs Benedict and a chocolate croissant while my roommate went for the French toast with fresh fruit. Everything was very tasty, although my roommate could have easily handled a larger portion. All the employees were super sweet and the French owner's eclectic playlist really added to how much I enjoyed the experience. Will have to go again for lunch or dinner!
2	Dined on March 31st-  I give it 2 stars but if there was an option to give 2 1/2 I would.As you've seen from my reviews - I'm a foodie.  I particularly love French cuisine.  I had read about Scratch Pastries a while back but had never had the opportunity to try.  Food was great, service not so much.  I am hoping that they just had an off day when we decided to dine there.
5	The first time I went here was for lunch with my boyfriend and we ended up staying for dinner it was so good! The sandwiches are unique and tasty, the organic burger is delicious, the asparagus soup is an explosion of wonderful flavors in your mouth, and the filet mignon was as awesome as the price, and I don't know where to start with the pastries! Just YUM. I was very pleased with this place.
3	5/9/12Was craving for a chocolate croissant for a few days, so I decided to finally try the ones offered here.  Although it was only 2:30 in the afternoon, there weren't many pastries or desserts on hand to choose from... I had my mind set on trying an almond and a chocolate, but Scratch had run out of the former.  There were three chocolate croissants left (as well as a couple of raisins), so I ordered one to go.  Decided to try it before leaving to see if I wanted to get the rest... Needless to say, I left with all three!$2.70 plus tax per choccy croissant.  Didn't have time to try the local coffee.  Perhaps next time, when I plan to come earlier to secure an almondine, or two.I liked how the tables were set up for service- the setting emitted romance already.  Can't wait to try dinner here soon...  Spied three different entremets in the cases, as well as some delicious-looking truffles.
4	Just tried Scratch for the first time, and was pleasantly surprised!We only went for a cup of coffee and dessert, but after that morsel I'm definitely going to try the meal selections! Yum!
4	I love this place, so cute and trendy, and great food! love the crepes but my fav is the BBQ pork sandwich. its so flavorful with avocado.Pastries are great too. Great place for lunch or afternoon tea.
4	A lazy Thursday and a few episodes of Cake Boss brought my friend and I to Scratch. The restauraunt is very cozy and outside seating is available although the atmosphere isn't quite the same with metal patio furniture and a view of the bike racks and parking lot. The menu isn't amazing, but it's the ingredients that are used (i.e. amazing french bread fro sandwivhes!) However, it is the pastries that take 1st place here. You must try the cheesecakes, and for $.75 you can take the cute little cup with you =)
4	I'm definitely a fan, and I've eaten here a handful of times. I'm particularly in love with their pastries-the almond croissant is my favorite. (And if you want a croissant, get there early).I'm writing this review because I just got takeout from them. I ordered the beef burger cooked to order and served with a side salad. Toppings on the organic burger included bacon, onions, mushrooms, and cheese. And I was SHOCKED that the cheese was crappy American cheese. I suppose my bad for not asking and assuming that a French bakery that posts that most of their ingredients are imported from France would serve a quality cheese.So if this were my first experience, I'd give them a three or less, but American "cheese" aside, it's usually a four to five star worthy place.
1	The only good thing about this place is the way it's decorated. If you're in a hurry, don't go here! The service was waaaayyy toooo slooooow!
5	Let me put it to you this way: Subway is next door. Spend maybe 4 or 5 more bucks at Scratch, wait 15 more minutes, and you have freshly prepared, healthy, well-thought entree's, sandwiches, salads, etc... Depending on your taste and how quickly you need to leave, the choice is clear in my world (no offense to Subway).For the price, location and especially, the food, it's a great little-tucked away-secret. If you have ever used your name and the word "foodie" in the same sentence and don't  make an effort to stop by, you may be missing out.This is really a quaint little lunch place or even dinner but remember you're there for the food. Service is not over the top, nor bad either. Sit back, relax, and enjoy. I did.
2	I have been wanting to come here for a long time.  After having lunch somewhere else, we wanted cupcakes.   We didn't want to go to Sprinkles since I really don't care much for them, so we called them and asked if they had cupcakes, they told us that yes and they were fresh from today.  Well, we got there 15 minutes after our call and got 2 orange, 1 chocolate caramel and one regular caramel.  After paying for them we sat at one of the tables.  I handed the twins the orange cupcakes and I got the regular caramel and hubby had the chocolate one.  I took a small bite and the cupcake was COLD, I don't know when this fresh cupcakes were made but they tasted like dense, cold dough, no caramel, I tasted the a small piece of the twins cupcakes and it was the same, flavorless dense dough.  Needless to say, I didn't finish my cupcake, neither did the twins.  If a 3 year old rejects a cupcake, that says something.  The place is very cute, but I don't think I will come back, that was a big disappointment.
5	This is great, inexpensive (especially considering the quality) spot for lunch or brunch. Bf and I had Sunday brunch here this past week and really enjoyed it, despite a few annoyances along the way. One thing I will just never understand is how a restaurant in Arizona will serve unfiltered tap water. I guess I'm just spoiled from living in NYC the past 3 years, where the tap water is delicious, but either way, the ice water was basically not drinkable. Good thing the brunch item I ordered (French country breakfast) came with free coffee! Bonus points for having soy milk available. Coffee was actually way above average for drip coffee. When we ordered our food, we both wanted croissants instead of the baguette that was supposed to come with our meals, which it says on the menu is an option. The waitress informed us that the croissants were in the process of baking and it would be  a bit longer than usual for our food to be ready if we wanted croissants. That would be fine with us, we said. Sadly, she came back about 10 minutes later to let us know the croissants burned, so we wouldn't be getting any :( She was really nice about it though, and after trying the baguette/whatever kind of crusty white bread it is they serve, I forgot all about the croissant that could have been.Bf ordered the breakfast sandwich, which was not advertised as coming with sides, but it indeed came with hash browns AND a side salad, and was half the price of my meal (it was only around $6!). Mine included pretty much everything his did, just deconstructed-bacon, eggs, hash browns, bread, but with jam and without a salad. Those were basically the only differences. Mine also came with coffee (though oj was stated on the menu as being available, I just didn't ask for it), but I certainly don't think that was worth the extra six bucks when I could get all I wanted for half the price in the bfast sandwich!The one thing that reallyyyyy bothered me about my meal, though, was that there was ROSEMARY on everything-on the hash browns and on the eggs (which were stacked on top of one another). This would have been ok if it was stated on the menu, but rosemary is nowhere to be found in any description I read. It was also all over bf's food, but he likes it, so he didn't care. I have a serious aversion to it after an unfortunate food poisoning incident a few years ago, and noticed it immediately when my plate was set in front of me. I would have picked around it, but it was seriously everywhere. The waitress was incredibly nice about it and didn't really press for questions about why I couldn't eat it, but swiftly took it away and said I would have a fresh, non-rosemary version of my breakfast shortly. I really appreciated that, a lot. A chef brought out my rosemary-free food just a few minutes later, and as a bonus, they gave me a croissant!!! They had just come out of the oven and I really liked that they remembered I'd tried to order it with that, and it was delicious.Overall, great service and inexpensive food in a lovely atmosphere! I would definitely recommend this place and I can't wait to go back to try all of the yummy things in that pastry case of theirs.
4	OMG despite the fact that I didn't like the sandwich I ordered and the fact that lunch cost $45 dollars for like 3 people...I'm still giving this place 4 stars...why? one word - Pastries. Oh I came here for one purpose and one purpose only for their wonderful sweet and fancy looking desserts - especially the huge macaroons! oi it's like the size of your palm! amazingly delicious too!My bf, his friend and I were there at an interesting time too - just because when we were there, so many people were interviewing for a job position with the female owner, my bf and I and his friend sat through about 8 interviews while having our lunch...we were all guessing who was going to get hired..lol we'll see next time when we go if she actually hired any of them. So I mentioned I didn't like my sandwich....and what I ordered was the Smoked Duck/ Walnut/Olive Oil sandwich - - unfortunately they served it on a rustic baguette  and I forgot to tell them I wanted simple wheat bread therefore I didn't eat much of the bread since I'm sensitive to hard to chew and digest bread. However even if they did serve it on the bread I liked I'm not sure I would still like it because it the duck meat wasn't very good and it was a bit over drizzled with olive oil and there was absolutely no walnuts...just a few spring mix. The sandwich was also served with a spring mix salad with this really good homemade vinaigrette dressing..I liked that a lot.... My bf ordered the Smoked Salmon/Dill/Sour Cream/Cucumber sandwich - - now I have to say that was a really good sandwich...and his friend ordered the Seared Tuna/ Pesto/Sun-Dried Tomatoes/Avocado - which according to my bf and him was really good but would have been better if they didn't over-sear the tuna a bit too much. Finally after the sandwich, I was ready for dessert! oi the pastry case was filled with a good number of enticing desserts such as cupcakes, different flavored eclairs, tartes, and mousse....but at the end I chose a glass dessert - Salted Caramel Cheesecake...and my bf tried the Hazelnut Macaroon. Boy the first few bites of the caramel cheesecake was really good however any more than that it was getting very rich and sweet....so needless to say even though I liked it I didn't finish the whole thing. I had some of the hazelnut macaroon and i thought i was in heaven....I really wish that I bought some home...=( They were pretty expensive - about $4 dollars each but with that taste and quality it was worth it.Another thing I really like about this place is the decor - it's very "vogue".....hehe simple but elegant? it's actually a pretty small place but still comfy to dine in. Overall perhaps next time I would pick a better sandwich or even try their delicious looking quiche but definitely would come here for the desserts :) However I must say they are pretty expensive....sandwiches are 8.25, burgers are 9.50 and desserts start at about $4 and above...so if you get a sandwich/burger with dessert and a drink it's about 20bucks per person! :P
4	Great place for Breakfast/Brunch.  We go often and enjoy their breakfast sandwich. it is reasonably priced and delicious. Also their french toast is just divine!! And save room for that beyond wonderful fluffy buttery almond croissant. But make sure to ask for it at the beginning of the meal, because they are often out and you will have to ask them to put however many you want in the oven.They also have a beautiful pastry case.The service is alright, very "trendy" girls that work there, not overly sweet or accommodating by any means, but they do their job.Would I recommend this place? Yes (but I have not eaten lunch or dinner here, when I do, i will update my review)
5	We have eaten breakfast, lunch and dinner at Scratch Pastry and all meals have been excellent.  The sugar creeps start the day and the lamb burger is to die for.  The owner is very friendly and shars his thoughts on food with you.  He has modified his meals to accommodate our taste.
1	Terrible.  I was craving French food so my boyfriend and I tried it out. It looked nice enough at first, and the pastries/desserts looked good. I ordered the croquette misseur (sandwich). He got a creamed asparagus soup with coconut somethin in it. My sandwich was not French at all. The bread was thick and not a baguette, the cheese was cheddar, and the ham was thick cut, super salty deli meat. No bechamel sauce as I know it came on the sandwich. It came with an American style side salad. The soup was stringy! I was expecting satiny goodness with a refined, slight coconut taste. No way. They covered the soup with spices that didn't compliment the taste. After our server brought out food, she never returned to our table! We had both put our napkins in our plates and sat there quietly (there was hardly anyone else left in the restaurant). She continued to chat with another employee behind the counter that was 3 feet away from us. I was going to order some crepes to try, but got too frustrated. Finally, we spoke up for our check and left. I will not go back here.
4	Fabulous dinner - great service from beginning to end - very personable and friendly. The Hummus appetizer was delicious, and wine recommendations very helpful. Our entrees came out quickly, and did not disappoint - the scallops were perfectly cooked. Dessert was sublime, with lots of explanation from our very helpful server. This is a wonderful, neighborhood place to dine - not too fussy, trendy, or pretentious; just good food, served quickly and efficiently - we WILL be back!
2	Went on a Sunday afternoon at approximately 10:30 a.m. Walked in, and it was literally pandemonium.There was an old guy trying to pay for his meal at the register (which I didn't understand because she brought our check to our table) and it took 3 people to get him helped. Meanwhile We're standing in front of the pastry window and there's a guy there folding silverwear who was either the owner, a bus boy, or too stoned to realize he was either.I finally said something to him about how clownshoes it was to take 3 people to ring out a customer (I actually said it to my girlfriend but apparently said it loud and then he heard it and I just accepted it and pretended it was supposed to be outloud), and this is literally about 10 minutes after standing there "someone will be with you.......sometime"Father forgive me.We sit down, and this waiter walked by us probably 10 times.At this point, I was doing meditative breathing exercises to cool down (seriously) and not let this ruin the rest of my meal/afternoon with my special lady friend and even SHE mentioned "this guy keeps looking at us then walking by". He was very concerned about his belt and leather bracelet.We finally got to order, we split an eggs florentine and a croissant, I had an iced chai and she had an iced mocha. The food was good, lady complained that the spinach tasted "sour"/bad I thought it was good. The potatoes were EXCELLENT. SUPER PASS.
5	On the event of Julia Child's 100th birthday, Peg and I visited one of our favorite places. Duc and Noelle Liao 's expression of French cuisine has been a delight since they opened. His Le Cordon Bleu (Paris) training is apparent in everything he does. The lamb loin curry dish to the pepper cream rib eye entrees were better than they sound. French onion soup and gazpacho were equally yummy. Our server was attentive and, of course, Chef Duc came out on several occasions to make sure that all was wonderful. Desserts here are phenomenal as you would imagine.  Julia would be so proud!!!  Dr. B
4	One of the best croissants in town, if not #1.  I base my rating solely on this and the consistently friendly service.
1	A Friend and I went here today (a Sunday) for a late breakfast. The experience was horrible. When we arrived only a few other parties were there, no more than 10 total people. We were told to seat ourselves. The table had menus and we quickly decided. But we just sat there for about 10 minutes before we were even acknowledged. In fact a few minutes after we sat down a couple arrived and sat themselves and were served before us (although they still had to wait a bit). Finally the waitress came to take our drink order (and food). I just wanted water and my friend order a coffee. He was informed a minute later that a new pot had to brew and it would be a few minutes. 5 minutes later the coffee came and he asked for cream and sugar it took 5 minutes to get the sugar. Between getting the coffee and the sugar we got our food. The young waiter/busboy that brought out the food must have been extremely high because he tried to serve two orders from different tables to every table in the restaurant (included one that already had food) before he asked us what we ordered and figured it out.  Upon giving us the food I informed him that we did not have silverware and my friend requested some ketchup for his hash browns. The silverware was retrieved quickly (although it took two trips) but the ketchup took probably another 5 minutes. As for the food. I order the French toast and it was fantastic. My friend ordered eggs benedict and the eggs were over cooked. He showed me one of his eggs cut in half, the yolk was completely hard. He was very hungry and we were in a bit of rush so he did not send it back and given the level of service this would have taken half an hour to accomplish. The couple seated near us (that arrived after but were served before us)  were missing a side of bacon from their order. And when a the young waiter/busboy, in his haze, tried to open the door for a group but he timed it wrong and hit a lady with the door. The menu looked impressive and like my french toast I bet the food is great when not overcooked, but the service was comically bad. If there would have been 20-25 people in that restaurant at the time we were there I do not think they would have been able to the handle it.
3	This place was recommended to me by a non-Yelper friend (the shame). I was in the neighborhood so I stopped in. I waited in line a moment because I wasn't sure of how it worked, but the gal working behind the counter told me I could have a seat if I was eating there, which I was - so I followed her suggestion. While waiting, I noticed that the women who appeared to be the owner breezed in. She had lots of observations and recommendations for the only girl working there, but never once stopped to turn around and ask a customer if they needed anything (like a menu or a cup of coffee). Meanwhile the one girl actually working is having a hard time getting everything done between all the "Yes, Bosses" going on. I also had time to read the Yelp reviews and noticed that this behavior is trending at Scratch. I wonder if the guy doing roll-ups in the other review is the owner's son or something. Anyway - enough with the conjecture. I finally got to order  the breakfast sandwich on croissant  which comes with a side salad. The sandwich was "OK," it wasn't bad, just fairly unremarkable. I wished that the salad had dressing on the side because although the dressing was good, it was a little heavy handed for my tastes. I did manage to get an extra cup of coffee between all the management going on, so that at least that made the people watching more enjoyable. I might go again if I was in the area, but I wouldn't make any kind of special trip. If you go: bring your patience and don't say the Yelpers didn't warn you.
5	Dr. L and I saw this place next to a Radio Shack we were at and said what the heck we're here and it's dinner time.. wow.. were we lucky!.  Starting with a bread they make on the premised that was so dense, tangy and delish, we almost filled ourselves up with just that!  I ordered the fresh salmon filet burger with avocado and an arugula and spring mix salad.. Well the salad was fresh, huuuge and delish..sweet chewy sun dried tomatoes, pine nuts, and more.. The burger was one of the best I've every had...L had the lamb shoulder and roasted veggies and that ole lamb eater was smilin' from the first bite!...then they gave us tasting sized of their gazpacho, delish and different, and more bread with two of her house made jams..raspberry and rose, and orange, vanilla and cinnamon..well hell...those were so tasty that was all we needed for desert even thought they had some magic looking stuff in the desert case, all made in house.. grab some dough and go.  now!.
5	Went here for dinner and this place blew me away. I can't put into words how amazing the food is and the service is just as good. The bread might be the greatest thing I've ever had. Seriously. After telling our server that, the owner/chef, Duc, brought our table a whole loaf to take home. It was also kind of late at night so he gave us two pastries to take home too. For free. Who does that? Duc does that. If this hasn't convinced you yet, it's soooo cheap for the quality of food that's served. I've had meals that cost three times as much that wouldn't hold a candle to this place. Don't let the exterior deter you, I wasn't expecting it to be in a strip mall either but I guess that's just what they're workin' with for now. I kept waiting for a catch or food poisoning or something because it was just too good to be true but no, no catch (or food poisoning). If you're still reading this post, stop now, get in/on your mode of transportation and drive (or f*** it, run if you have to) to scratch.
3	Food great, service was horrible and it took almost an hour to get a bowl of soup and sandwich. I didn't realize that the name "Scratch" literally meant they make everything from scratch which is why it took 45 min to get a bowl of potato leek soup. We went with my 17 month old child- big mistake if you are thinking its a fast place to eat. Subway next door would be way better.  My pork sandwich was delicious but half of it had barely any meat on it so i took what was on there and made a larger sandwich with the other half. Refill on tea costs $$$. Won't be coming back again! Disappointed customer and even after speaking with them there was no restitution.
4	My co-worker recommended Scratch, so I decided to give it a try. It's a great lunch spot, their menu has a French flair and consists of mostly salads and sandwiches. Their portion sizes are very generous and they use decent ingredients. So far I've tried a few sandwiches and the goat cheese salad which was very good, you could tell that they used high quality cheese since it was so flavorful. I will definitely come back and would highly recommend.
4	Beautifully prepared and plated, even elegant, breakfast fare.  The egg dishes looked and tasted divine.  The accompaniments of nicely prepared hash browns and light spring greens with vinaigrette are a welcome change to 'spuds and bacon'.  Communication between server and kitchen was abysmal.  Both our table and the table next to ours had their order incorrectly served, and I don't think the chef was at fault.  C'mon Scratch, invest in customer service staff that listens to the customer and knows the menu.Go for the croissants.
2	It has taken me about 3 years of going to Scratch on the reg to come to my conclusion on it. Over the years this place has gone back and forth in my book from 5 stars to a measly 1 star, now it's there to stay with 2.5 stars.LUNCH: It has just come to my attention that they have taken the best thing off the lunch menu--the duck and walnut sandwich w/ olive oil. This leaves me little reason to go there for lunch anymore.. I can buy a better $8.00 sandwich elsewhere, and I can make a better salad than that pile of garbage they call a side salad with nasty dried out carrots and a waste of a perfectly delicious dressing.BREAKFAST: I liked it, but many others I've been with haven't. It's a little dainty, and the bacon is not the regular bacon your expecting. DINNER: I have not been here for dinner but my parents have and they said it was awful, the French onion soup was horrible and they were out more than one of their main dishes.DESSERT: It is ALL amazing. And I mean really amazing. All of their desserts taste as good as they look. I love the triple chocolate mousse cup, the dark chocolate tart, the lemon meringue, lemon tart w/ raspberries, croissants, and sugar cookies.Overall their service is weak. The desserts are to die for. The food is good but overpriced, and it all comes with sad excuse for a salad. Every time I go back the menu is different to my disappointment. I will definitely go back for desserts, but that's probably all.
4	One of the best brunch I ever had... and the cake was delicious!!!
4	I love when I can go somewhere and count on having a delicious meal prepared with the highest quality ingredients.  At Scratch, one does not have to worry about certain ingredients being compromised or cursory preparations.  In effect, they have nailed quality control at this establishment and your meal will reflect this effort.  Enjoy!
5	A regular here. What I think people misunderstand about Scratch (esp regarding location) is that Duc (the owner) wanted to create a casual french cafe and eatery (much like you would find on the streets of Paris). He didn't want to open a posh restaurant in Old Town where he could charge exorbitant prices. My opinion is that he wanted to create a place much like he surely experienced living in Paris: A place where you can sit and have a delicious french meal without it needing to be a special occasion. There are too few restaurants still in town where that balance is so precisely struck.
3	I popped in for a quick lunch and had some french onion soup and a turkey burger. Listen, I realize I probably should have eaten something more "frenchy" but a turkey burger sounded good. It was moist and the bun was great. It came with some celery sticks on it (which was weird to me), tomatos ( didn't say that in the menu) and some red peppers, cheese and a sauce that had no flavor. The salad that came with it was plain. Carrots and mixed greens with cucumber strips and balsamic. The soup had a decent flavor but there was just a bunch of soggy bread floating in it. I was looking for the crunch of a crouton. The fries were 3.50 extra and were hot and flavored with herbs. Iced t was good as well. Service was good. Not exactly friendly but I certainly had everything I needed and that's good with me. All in all, I'd try it again for sure.
3	Scratch scores big on some things & others are surprisingly bad -the bread is delish - they do after all make it in house - so most of the selections with bread are pretty great, but that brings me to the weird part - a lot of the breakfast entrees are served on an english muffin, not an amazing LGO homemade style english muffin, but more like a generic grocery store english muffin. *sigh* the other thing i always find odd is that the 'poached' eggs are always over cooked - always, im hopeful everytime, but....yea nope not this time.so all this being said - i still like this place enough to drive to scottsdale every month or so to get some french toastoops - 2 more caveats - service is pretty mediocre & be careful sometimes they are a little OD with the whipped cream...
1	This place is an arbitrage shop, a grocery store in disguise, from Macarons that are shipped from Phoenix, to "fresh" orange juice that comes from the Fry's next door(the store brand at that). Not only that, but the mislabeled items are not very good. I came here for a french macaron and in return what I got was the texture(and taste) of a stale green oreo. The egg benedict came with chip chopped ham, hollandaise out of a McCormick's package and a "fresh" salad courtesy of Fry's next door. This place is an insult to my intelligence and a disgrace to the word "bistro." I can accept places that make crappy food and own up to it, but this place masquerades as an trendy French bistro using the moniker "scratch," but my question is this "What is made from scratch inside this restaurant?" The answer is nothing. Now on my do not return list.
4	I get croissants here in the morning and they are some of the best in the area if not the best.  Tip - you need to get there kind of early on the weekends if you want to make sure they are fresh, about 8:30am.  My wife says their cappucino is great too.
1	The service was so over the top rude I was laughing. Macarons.....just ok. Get over yourself.
4	I'm not much of a pastry eater during the week, that's usually when Im dinning out. So I can't really comment on their baked  goods. I will say I find the salads and soup  be very good! The bread served with the lunches is amazing. For the most part Arizona makes horrible bread and this tastes like it was made with water from somewhere on the east coast. So good!
1	I've been to the Scratch in Scottsdale prior for a delicious pastry and it was great! Loved the atmosphere and the affordability. So when I found out they opened one up downtown I was pleased. I went down with my sister and a friend on a Saturday morning for some brunch and we ordered three different plates and somehow they were ALL disgusting. I had the bechamel Crepe but there was NO bechamel and it was cold. Nothing about it had any taste. Lean Cuisine has better tasting food. And who adds a salad with breakfast? A costco salad might I add. No part of the menu made any sense to me. My sister ended up getting the big breakfast plate to try out and they forgot half her order. We literally had to keep asking for the rest of it and the staff acted confused about what we needed. Service was terrible and not to mention the place looked very dirty. The coffee was awful. Nothing tasted "local" or "fresh"... it's the least to say that I wont be going back. If you're there for the pastries even they aren't that great. Don't bother, I'm sure this place will be closed down in no time.
4	I have eaten here and have intimate knowledge of the kitchen.  And I must say that Mr Ed. M,   Your review was extremely judgemental and no where near on the informative side. Be descriptive if you want anyone here on yelp to even consider your review helpful and warranted.   Really one star?  and you didn't even mention about wanting to ask to talk to the mgmt about the displeasure of your meal.  They would have made it gratis or at least offers a free one next time to show you they care about there food and guests.  Or how who'd hey have opened a second Scratch? I know for a fact that over 90% of the ingredients of the items made are in house from scratch.The basaltic vin for salads,  the fresh mayo made from spices egg yolks and oil Eric.  The holland side you quaintly say is made from Mccormics is made in house. The the hard boiled eggs,  and other items......Hollendaise is basic a type of mayo... Why make one from scratch and not the other. Did you even ask anyone there if it was made from scratch or did you assume?They make the white sauce.. Bechamel.  And red wine sauce all from scratch And as for the pastries.  Yes these pastries are made at the roosevelt store and picked and take To the Indian school store.  Wow you mention shipped in from phoenix as if it were a massive wear house where All macarons are made and sit for decades.  These are all made In house as well as all the other desertsTh bread is from scratch as are he tarts and macaroons... The green one mention eating was a pistachio one.  Shall the grow their own lettuce?  Should they butcher their own cow for the steaks?  Seriously?  Please when you review show some semblance of  an informative review to come through. Maybe you had a bad day I don't know but to bash a good restaurant? Shame.As for not giving it a 5 start I can't at this time cause sometimes its frustrating to expect to go to a French bakery and not have the chioce with multitudes of wonderful breads and pasteries only to see a few of the basic breads a bakery may have
3	Love love love the croissants! They melt in your mouth and are wonderful.. Service sucks and so does there coffee.. Most of the time all I want for breakfast is a croissant and coffee but the coffee is god awful. Will always go back for that croissant though!
5	Sooo good!  Try the macaroons and the big weekend breakfast! You will not be disappointed.  I haven't been there for months but when I'm in the area, it's either Scratch or the Breakfast Club for me.
1	I recently tried Scratch for the first time. We went on a Saturday afternoon around 2. When we got there the restaurant was half full (it's a small place, maybe only 12 tables) and there were what seemed to be two servers wandering around. We stood there for a while before either of them acknowledge and seated us. The table still had the breakfast menus out and I had to hunt down lunch menus on my own. Eventually one of the servers came over and got us water. By this time we were already made to feel as though we had inconvenienced the staff by walking through their door. Eventually the server took our order. I had ordered an omelet with mushrooms and goat cheese and my husband had the burger. We waited for a while for our food and as we were sitting there the cooks were screaming in the kitchen and the servers were ignoring the customers. At one point the kitchen shouted "86 the goat cheese" and when my omelet arrived you knew they had run out since there was barely any in my omelet. My mushrooms also seemed not very fresh. My husband's burger was also incredibly over seasoned. It tasted like half meat half herbs. The only think we liked were their fries. Despite the food being subpar we ate as quickly as we could to get out of there, I have never felt so uncomfortable and unwanted in a restaurant. There is absolutely no way anyone could get me to go back.
5	I visited Scratch for brunch yesterday, May 18th.  I had a goat cheese omelette with bacon, and the fetching Mrs. Smith had the Eggs Royale.The omelette was served with hash browns and a salad, all delicious!  The goat cheese combined with the bacon in the omelette made it extremely flavorful.But the best thing was the service.  The staff was exceedingly friendly, with just the right mix of checking to see how we were doing and if we needed anything, and just leaving us alone to enjoy our breakfast.And their smiles made our Saturday.  :)Please visit Scratch and enjoy!
3	I came here for a nice sandwich for lunch instead of patronizing the mega-corporate Subway next door. But alas, the sign on the door sez "we're closed".....
4	Really like this place. Can't believe it took me this long to notice this little gem in my neighborhood. Great service and food to the crab burger is a delicious item. Their brioche buns are buttery and crispy and the crab cake in the middle came out hot and full of flavor. Cannot give a full 5 until I experience the dinner menu.
5	Great service, perfect atmosphere and incredible food. The eggs royale was the best I've had in a long, long time. My girlfriend got the spinach, feta and walnut quiche and it was phenomenal as well. Both the chocolate and almond croissants were also light, flaky and delicious. Must stop by for breakfast or brunch if you're in the area.
3	Though service is awesome, the food has been inconsistent. We've dined here at least a handful of times before writing this review. This is our norm, actually.Food and portion can be on the pricey side.Ambience, we adore.We'll give it another go. :)
