4	I have been pricing flowers at shops all OVER the valley, from Gilbert to Mesa to Tempe to Scottsdale...Karen's had the MOST competitive prices and were happy to do what EVER I wanted. I will give a better score once I get my order!!!
5	I placed an order over the internet and called to confirm they had the item I ordered. Barb was very friendly and confirmed my order.
4	I have been a customer of Karens since my first dance at the local high school. This has always been a place where I purchased flowers for the then girlfriend, birthdays,  mother's day, Thanksgiving, Christmas and the always somber funeral. I currently reside in Denver and still order all of my flowers from Karen's when I need flowers delivered there. When I call they know me by name and if not, they look me up and remember. I called to place an order for Mother's Day. The woman I spoke with was kind as we made small talk and she inquired what I was looking for this go around. I told her it was for Mothers Day and that I wasn't sure what I wanted but the colors and flowers I wanted. She asked what price range I would like to be in and I advised that $100 should be fine. As we walked through many ideas, I just told her to make it look big and great with the colors and flowers I wanted. She assured me that it would look beautiful. I reassured her I wasn't worried. My total came in just below $100 for everything. I appreciate that they are always generous with their time both in person and on the phone. They have a wonderful on hand selection and if you do not see what you like, ask and they can order it. They are always fresh, never wilting and last quite a while. While cost is a bit more than your local grocery chain, the quality exceeds any cost. The look and the expressed emotion you are attempting to convey is most important. You cannot go wrong here.I am giving 4 stars ONLY because I have not stepped into the store in the past 6 months. 5 stars to me depicts clean, orderly store, employees and  exceptional service and experience.
4	My go-to florist in the Valley - I love that I can order through the website if I need something fast.  But if you ever go in person, the staff is very friendly and helpful.  I think the prices are pretty competitive, and the quality is excellent.  The arrangements are always exactly as I requested them.  Highly recommend.
5	I ordered flowers long distance from California for a friend who had just lost his mom. The staff at Karen's was knowledgeable, courteous, and overall superb. The flowers arrived and were absolutely beautiful. They put some positive into an otherwise dreadful time. Amazing job overall!!
5	The website gives me the ability to order flowers to my fiancee there in the valley. Even from as far away as Indiana, I've been able to count on the quality of the product she receives. I make sure after she receives her flowers, I call the shop to thank them for another job well done for putting a smile on her face.
