4	So glad to have something close to our house. We have gone here a few times and has been good! We have ordered the club sandwiches and blizzards. Everything has been good!
2	Wow...the customer service here on a Saturday late morning was ridiculously terrible. No greeting, no smiles, no personality whatsoever! The girl preparing the food simply set our items on the counter without saying a word or making eye contact. I guess it's up to the patrons waiting for their orders to figure it out...I don't think I've ever experienced anything like this before. It's a good thing DQ is a yummy treat! Maybe reconsider your staffing decisions.
5	Great place to go for ice cream. They also have birthday cakes. They will write on the cake and they sell candles. Nice touch. Employees are friendly. We dealt with a boy named Tanner . Very healpfull.
3	Have been here twice. Both times I've asked for a Blizzard with Reese's PB Cups. Both times I've been given a Blizzard with cookie dough. Seriously? If you don't know the mix ins, don't make the Blizzard. Let someone make it who knows the difference.
3	Overall pleased with the experience.  Customer service not great but the employees were not rude. Chocolate ice cream tasted a little funky tonight. Can't place it, but seemed almost tangy. Hope it was a fluke. Been there several times before and it was tasty.
2	We chose to drive through the DQ on our way home for a tasty treat. Well, with the size of vehicles in front of us, our vehicle was about 10 feet back from where the intercom was to order. However, the DQ employee took us for idiots. We just didn't want to yell. "Sir, we can't hear you" the guy says to us! So this frustrated us. They didn't say sorry even when we got to the window and tried to explain, she looked at us dumbfounded. I never ever expect 5 star (yelp 5 star) service from these franchises that employ high school students for minimum wage. So as I write this, I know I will be back one day, but I would hope I can give you guys a better rating because the employees will be more cheerful and understanding. One could hope, but I do love my strawberry chocolate dip blizzard!! So slap a smile on your face for $$$ you are earning, cause the happy customers will come back and you'll get good reviews. Oh and my blizzard was definitely not the frozen treat you can turn up side down, she didn't even do it, we were given our blizzards in a paper bag... Yeah, I know AZ weather sucks...
3	There were four employees when I walked in there were zero customers. Not one of the employees smiled or said hello. The man that took my order actually look like he was physically in pain being at work, or had an extreme hatred for people. I ordered one of the iron grill sandwiches and three blizzards to go, they were all put in the same bag so my ice cream is sitting on top of my hot sandwich. Really? I've never worked at a fast food place but I'm assuming that hot and cold items going separate bags! The customer service is horrible but the food is good so you just have to suck it up and keep going.
2	Tall kid with black hair and Tats on his arm very very rude. Not one smile I had to ask for my receipt and he threw it at me.
1	This place was gross... I regret going here.  I should have just went to the Gordo'Gordo's next store.  Save your time and money and go somewhere else.
