2	Not too sure how to think about this place yet. But i'll tell you about the 3 things I got.Cabeza Taco - AMAZING. rich, smooth, and with the cut of the salsa from the salsa bar, really how you want one of these bad boys to taste!Chorizo Taco - sorta dry, which despite how rich i'm sure the meat was is a bit shocking.Al Pastor Torta - really quite terrible. The whole thing was dry and the pastor was bland. There wasn't any mayo or cheese in there to moisten it up and as a restaurant, that based on it's various graphics bills itself as a pastor joint you'd think they'd be able to do better.I guess maybe the should advertise with pictures of cabeza? probably not because cabeza looks sorta gnarly but lawwwd its' good
3	Al Pastor carved off the spit. Got it a little too early and it wasnt very crispy yet but I will be back to try that again when Im in town.Chorizo and egg burrito was good.Carne Asada tacos really good...They serve whole beans on top, which reminds me of the way my friend's dad used to make them in the middle of the desert, cooking over a campfire.
4	MMMMMMMM Their steak huaraches are delicious!  The tortillas they use taste homemade (according to my gf).  I'm so glad we randomly found this place.  It was the best meal we had during our entire vegas trip.  Wow Derek Rose is amazing! MVP! Go Bulls!  (sorry watching the Bulls/Knicks game)
4	The quest for some good mexican spice continued as I set off towards the Hard Rock the other day. I was hungry, and I needed something that was both fast and tasty. With the amount of time I had before the Lakers game, I wasnt looking for love, a casual fling would do just fine. My tastebuds were willing to accept a one night stand. But really, a guy can still dream, no? God, if only I could find it. A place with salsa in bottles on the tables.Maybe a couple jars of horchata on the counter.And fresh produce, greaseless tortillas, and no sour cream in the building...Someday...someday...  In my head as I drove across the strip I started doing the map out. Ohana BBQ? No eastern and WS is too far...I decided Id go to Eastern and Trop and that would be my cutoff. There use to be a "Super Burrito" over there, its gone now, I learned that the hard way, but there was still other Mexican joints around it that warranted a sample. I decided on Tacos Tizon and dove on in.This is one of those places thats incredibly hard for me to rate.it could fall between 2 and 4 stars, depending on your expectations and your order. I got the Pastor tacos which weren't my style at all but for some reason I think I will order them again. The Pastor is done kinda Hawaiian style. They had flat long chunks of meat which was seasoned kinda pastily (pastey? paste-ish? with a paste like sauce?) which was mediocre but was somewhat saved by thin slices of pineapple. This is probably why I will order them again, because it was a little different. But in the end, I think its a flavor thats not really up their alley. They need to stay their lane on this one. Just cook the damn pork, chop it, grill it and slap on some flavor. Something tells me none of the cooks make theirs at home with the paste/pineapple combo. I also got some Carne Asada tacos and those can come with pinto beans. These were a little better, although needed some help from the salsa bar, which, while fully stocked, came up a little shy in the "hair on your chest" department.  Soooo, foodwise its average. But unfortunately, theres more to life that just treating your tongue to spice and laughing at the fall of the Laker dynasty from a self inflicted food coma. Theres a little thing called $$$$, which is why this place gets the extra star from me. The board says tacos for 1.28 which is a hell of a steal, but for some reason they only charge me 88 cents per. Which is rediculous. I always order six, and then after they charge me the 88 cent rate, I order two more. Im wierd like that. At 1.28 a taco Im just fine w/6, but at 88 cents? I feel like Id be losing money if I didnt walk out with at least 8. I dont know why they charge me that amount, nowhere on the board was that listed, and it was a Monday the first time it happend, so it wasnt Taco Tuesday madness or anything like that. "40 cent Markdown Mondays"?Probably notAnyway even if the 88 cent doesn't last and 1.28 is the rate, I would still say the tacos are worth it. Overall:3.51 starsFlavor: Cplus Service/Price/Speed/Phone Orders/Location: A
4	Soooo the best part about this place is the 98 cent tacos! I got some carne asada tacos, some al pastor, and tacos de papa. I was SOOOO excited to try the tacos de papa, I love them!! Well here theyre not like traditional ones, they deep fry them which I didnt like. The carne asada tacos are ace! I love them! You can get them plain or with beans, oinions and cilantro atop... or any combo. Plus I always put hella lime on it! YUM!The tacos al pastor were not my cup of tea, I wasnt digging them. They were WAYYYY too sweet!! All in all I'd go back!
5	Plates made to order, one of the best places I've eaten ever. If you like authentic tastey mexican food this is it.
3	Used to visit their sister location up in North Las Vegas on Cheyenne and loved it, so we decided to try this location at Eastern & Trop. This location is a lot bigger. The smells of the carne cooking over the grill are very enticing. Their carne asada tacos and carne burritos are about as good as they come here in LV. The enchiladas have a very tasty homemade red sauce and were devoured quickly. Taquitos were rolled when we ordered and were fresh, and very delicious. The place was packed (not surprising for a Sunday afternoon) with large families eating everything from tacos to menudo and pesole. Definitely a fan of both locations.
3	i've never had al pastor like that in my life. i got an al pastor burrito w/ everything. overall my burrito was good but there was something up with that pastor. i think it was good, i'm not sure though. i might need to go back and try it again soon, haw! the rice stood out to me as the best part for sure. the guacamole was bad but not so bad i couldn't enjoy the burrito, i'll just skip it next time. they have a really good salsa bar with two reds, two greens and a big vat of sauteed onions. also, i saw a lot of people eating tortas. i'll be back.
2	Nachos doesn't have cheese...:(
4	I'm quite surprised at the low reviews recorded for this joint. It's actually a lot better than the measly 3.5 stars it has even though I rate it a half star more than the average.Coming from LA where I know what's up with my Mexican fix, this place definitely serves Mexican food that can quite possibly resemble my beloved taco trucks in my hometown. The Asada can definitely be cut to smaller pieces, however everything else is as good as it gets. My personal favorite was the chorizo. I only got a single taco of chorizo and it was a mistake because I should have gotten maybe 10 more. They normally don't list the chorizo burrito outside the breakfast hours but if you ask, they will give to you. It's spicy and juicy. The pastor is cut from spits and served with the pineapples which gives the juiciness as well. The asada burrito was okay at best. Excess of rice and beans which takes away the taste of the asada. Nonetheless, I can easily eat 10 tacos. Tacos are only $1.35 so take that Tacos El Gordo ($2.00 excluding taxes)!This place is easily the best tacos in town.
2	I don't know how someone can make guacamole that doesn't taste like avocado but he/she managed to do it!  The cook used too much lime juice.  The carne asada was overcooked.  The best thing about my meal was the beans.
3	Dependable, tasty tacos. I've only eaten the carne asada and el pastor tacos. But I've had them both a number of times.The carne asada is served with cilantro, onions, and refried beans. The addition of beans is different for me, but I enjoy them. Those tacos are solid. They are consistently enjoyable. Not earth shattering, but good. The al pastor, on the other hand, is a different story. Sometimes it is "good". Tasty and pleasant. But there are times that their al pastor is AMAZING. I don't know what they are doing different on those days, but I plan to find out. I am not a fan of pork, but the taco filled with semi-sweet, perfectly charred tender meat served with pineapple is the best I've had in town. Again, they are not consistently outstanding, but they are always tasty. I would add an extra star if their pastor tacos were more consistent. I am a fan of this local joint. Did I mention they have a self-serve bar with grilled onions and jalepenos? Delish.EDITED TO ADD IMPORTANT DISCOVERY: After eating here more than 20 times, I stumbled in a few times before the lunch rush. And guess what? The carne asada was amazing. Like award winning. Come in later (as I often have) and who knows what you'll get  (Ok to delicious fare). But come in around 11:00 AM,  and get ready to be moved. Possibly to tears. If they keep this up i may have to add a star.....
4	One of my favorite taco shops in town. I have been here multiple times and have yet to be disappointed. Here is a rundown of what I have had.Al pastor tacos and burrito- I like the tacos, the meat can be a little dry but the salsas take care of that. The burrito had too much rice for me.Sopes- I have had al pastor, carne asada, and chicken. They are all tasty and piled high with meat, cheese, and lettuce. Carne asada tacos and burritos- Another of my favorites. The meat is thin cut and usually very tender.Flautas- Very good, they are crispy and liberally stuffed. Good with the guac.
1	I just sent my son to buy me a carne asada  for my husband  and believe me. I have seen bad food here in Vegas, but this one took the cake, the meat was so black, it was like petrified, stuffed with some limp lettuce. nasty slop!
4	On the hunt for good cheap Mexican, I decided to drop in having passed by for years without stopping into any of the numerous taquerias along Trop. Their potato taco is awesome! It is huge and fried, with rich and savory potato filling. I also tried a beef sope which was ok, the shell was a little soggy and a little chewy. If that weren't enough, I also had the barbacoa plate which came with a TON of meat, very nicely spiced. Great value, good taste, not a bad place to stop into.
5	Wow !  One amazing taqueria. The Al Pastor tacos are the best in VEGAS !  The girl at the cash register was soooo fun !  If u guys come to Vegas,  you MUST pay a visit to this little taqueria, you won't be disappointed..  A+
4	Grilled onions!This looks like a familia owned Carne asada joint.  A place you would normally drive by & miss.  It's worth to make that turn into the shopping center & stop for the Carne asada.They have many dish options, legit authentic mexican dishes.  I finally settled for  the Carne asada plate after looking at the menu for a good 5 minutes.  Everything looked good.  Two people can easily eat out of one plate.  The Carne asada was very good & tasty.  Had that char taste as if you just barbqued it outside.  I felt like I was eating at my madres house.  My niece swears by the caramel grilled onions in the salsa bar.  She gives this place 5 stars just for the onions. This place is legit.  We do Plan on coming back to try the other menu items. I keep reading about the el pastor from other Yelp reviewers.  This one is a keeper when you cant light up the BBQ.  Oh beans are legit too.
5	Affordable. Yummy. Authentic. Love this place. If you tip give to them ,not in the box. Owner keeps tips from the box.
5	Ordered two carne asade tacos, and two al pastor. Both were awesome! The carne asade with everything came with beans which is different, but quite enjoyable. The al pastor came with slices of pineapple with gave the tacos a great sweet flavor. The salsa bar is on point and comes with grilled onions and chiles. Very great place. Will definitely come back when in Vegas!
1	Oook...my husband and I have been here a few times and I would call it my new spot but last night I came across a baby roach crawling it's way around the salsa bar. Now, I understand and know that restaurants attract rodents bug isn't it the responsibility if the people who run these places make sure shit like that is taken care of?! I mean come on bro..."yea can I get a burrito with sour cream, hold the roaches" hell to the no. My husband will eat anything so I think he didn't mind rodent in his food and he said he thinks the roaches came from the kabob place next door lol! Either way, super gross. I don't know about anyone else but I will never return to eat here nor will I recommend it..
5	ok so this place is AWESOME! , I just did a large order for our company with 3 different payments and alot of food that i needed organized and put in bags accordingly they did an awesome job and the food was amazing! everyone liked it and it was very price friendly. will be back very soon.
5	I've been eating at El Tizon for years. It's the best carne asada in Las Vegas. Many have tried but everyone has failed. Till someone lets me taste better. El Tizon #2 is really #1.
5	Coming from LA this place feels like home and has the best carne asada! Mmmmmm and the al pastor aye dios...... I haven't tried this particular location but I'm a regular at the original one in North Las Vegas. The owners and staff are great! I think the cooks love us there ;-) thanks el tizon
5	White boy friendly!Walked in to this friendly environment with my wife and not only were we treated great, but the food was awesome! Totally a cost effective hole in the wal lil mex restaraunt... Mmm delicioso! Would highly reccomend, and we will def be returning i only wish i would have ordered more of the tacos el pastor :)
4	I'm giving 4 stars for my carne asada nachos they were huge & the carne asada was so good. My husband loved his tacos AL pastor. I'm giving 2 stars for my kids quesadilla & rolled tacos had a lot better other places. The quesadilla was a single tortilla folded over not the 2 on top of each other that were used to and the cheese was different.. Also 2 stars for "this place looks dirty" my 9 year Olds exact words. It needs so updating. It just looks old and dirty. Not what you want to be looking at when your eating.  All in all I was satisfied with my food. I've been craving carne asada nachos & it hit the spot.
1	Nastiest looking and smelling food I ever encountered.  My dog wouldn't even eat it.  Rude staff.  Filthy restaurant.  NEVER NEVER AGAIN.
5	Mexican food usually tastes pretty similar from one restaurant to another to me unless it's really good or bad. Everyone seems to have one thing that sets them apart.  Since this was my first time here, I don't know what that is yet here, but what I can say is their sauces are amazing. Good hot sauce gets 5 start f from me.
1	Me and my girl went she got tacos I got a burrito both had no flavor was plan first time going and last time waste of money
2	I decided to check this place out because I come to this center to run errands.The inside is clean and the cashier was friendly.   I ordered a torta de lengua which is cow tongue.Frankly, I found the torta to be lackluster in flavor and it just didn't meet my expectations . I doubt that I will be returning anytime soon.
