5	Just returned from Vegas after purchasing this pass and I cannot say enough about how great it was. We bought sort of last minute and were skeptical, but it proved to be a fantastic money saver! We called Jackie and let her know which clubs and pool parties we were interested in. We were able to get into our first choice each and every time. Clubs we visited included: Surrender, Tao, Wet Republic (pool), Hard Rock (pool), X/S & Marquis. Pool party covers alone can be in excess of $50. We were also allowed to jump the line at every place. Jackie was accessible via text the entire time we were there. She responded promptly and her directions were precise. She always told us who to ask for and we had no trouble at all. In fact, we were comped a daybed at the Hard Rock pool party - a $500 value. If/when I go back to Vegas, I'll definitely do this pass again.
5	SEXY VIP! Topless Pool, Nighttime Pool Party, even got in PURE club. all thanks to Jackie! ;)
5	Purchased a Groupon and at first seemed kinda sketchy because you were sending money into the black hole of the internet and waiting for her (Jackie) to contact you. Well she did was prompt and came through. Just like the website said on instructions. We bypassed huge line ushered right to the front. The fee we paid ($49 for couple) was our cover. She put us at a fun club (1oak at mirage).We did not do the entire Vegas pass... Just one night. I would consider that next-time. I would use Jackie again. So if you don't like waiting in line... Use a VIP service.
1	My Las Vegas VIP is a scam! I purchased a Groupon that included a pool party, lounge w/ drink specials, and club to use this weekend. Their procedure was to submit a registration form with Groupon #s on their website no more than 24 hours in advance of using it. I did on Friday but didn't receive a call like they said they would. They didn't return my calls into Friday night and started texting me in broken English. What kind of business runs by text? They said I could go to Pure (which I later found out was free for guys that Friday) that night, but my reservation was for Saturday when my entire party would be available. They said they would send info for our pool party, lounge and club later on Friday night. They didn't return my calls or texts until 2:30 a.m.! They gave us the Hard Rock Rehab pool party. However, we found out when we arrived that Hard Rock was also free because Rehab doesn't start until next weekend. It wasn't a pool party, no DJ, nothing. We just showed our IDs and got in. There was no My Las Vegas VIP host to greet us and take us in like the Groupon said. Strike two! I called them and someone finally picked up for the first time. I complained and they said it's normally $40 but couldn't offer anything else. They said they would get back to me on the lounge and club for that night. THEY NEVER DID. Strike three! I didn't try to contact them again because I was fed up and they were the ones who were supposed to set up the reservation and contact us. I wasn't about to go to another free place. They stole $189 from me and I contacted Groupon for a refund. I hope Groupon ends their relationship with this scam. This so-called company is probably just a group of club promoters that prey on the uninformed and run their business on their cell phone.
