1	This is a tough one to review.  So much is a matter of taste as opposed to a matter of fact.  I do not like Aeropostale.  This one is at Chandler Fashion Center.  The staff was very nice, friendly, and helpful.  This time I was returning something my wife bought.  No problems.But for shopping, I do not like this place.  I find their quality to be low, and I can't stand being a walking billboard for their store.  A small logo is fine (and some of their stuff has just that), but most of their stuff says "AERO" in huge letters.  Must be a 500 pt font!  And while the fabrics are usually very soft (which is why my wife likes it), it is not durable.  I have a couple of shirts developing holes just from routine wearing (no yard work or such, just wearing to work or shopping or whatever) in less than a year.  As I have many shirts, these have only been worn/washed maybe 8 times in that year, and they already have holes.I'd rather shop someplace with higher quality, and a smaller font.
1	The girls that work there are too busy to chatting to say hi, unlock fitting rooms, or ring up customers. I wanted to try on some shorts... they didn't even look at me. I didn't want to interrupt their very important conversation so I just took my business elsewhere.
3	This is the only store where pants fit me. Size 0 SHORT. They have it. Hallelujah!I feel like everything else is overpriced.Customer service is really good. Commission maybe? CSR showed me where the jeans are and grabbed me a couple different styles when the one I tried on wasn't fitting me the best. And she gave twizzlers to my kids (daughter was crying and she was totally cool about it).The fitting room was GROSS. I see the pics on here from last year and it still looks they way, actually it's worse. Like they haven't cleaned them at all. I didn't take my shoes off ( which made trying on jeans super difficult). I don't get it. Every retail job I've ever had you'd have to sweep out the fitting rooms and clean the mirrors EVERYDAY. How is that being overlooked?I come here for the pants. In and out.
