4	This hidden Vietnamese treasure is inside Marche Hawai, an Asian grocery store in Ville St. Laurent. I've ordered their spring rolls (amazing) and their sandwiches (also amazing).  They have a  really delicious vegetarian sandwich that has some cheese, tomatoes, some greens and it's just a perfect combo because the taste is SO YUMMY. But the only critcism is, according to my boyfriend, is they put a bit too much soy sauce = too much sodium. I had a grilled chicken sandwich and they put too much meat, but it was soo good. So tender and so rich in flavor and taste. The bread was crispy and fresh, just right. I would definitely go back and try their pho and bun bo hue (spicy Hue noodles) They also sell buns, and other Vietnamese snacks. Service is pretty good too. Great Vietnamese fast food place, very clean and I will always stop by there for lunch before doing my groceries. A must try if you're into Vietnamese food.
4	Great little friendly Vietnamese restaurant just on the perimeter of Marche Hawaii.  I come for the Spring rolls that make a great appetizer with ingredients I'm buying at MH for my Asian dinner!  Usually I buy two pork and two chicken.  They come with a fantastic peanut sauce that you want to lick the container clean "like a starved raccoon"!  They have many other grat looking dishes like Pho, Banh Mi sandwiches and lots else.  I will try more one day!  I swear
3	Located within Marche Hawai this little resto caters to a specific type of clientele. I'll be frank, the meals at the "Soleil de Saigon" can be pretty hit or miss.Their Banh Mi sandwiches are premade ahead of time and limited to certain types. They are however huge and relatively cheap. Sadly the quality of the sandwich is solidly lacking compared to other places where I've eaten Banh Mi sandwiches. The number of combo meals are plentiful, well over 25+ but I'm unsure how this small place prepares them all for the small amount of clients they get during lunch but in general as far as I know, it's all done ahead of time and you wait a little bit while they finish it up for you which consists of mostly reheating/frying it.I've had their Pho, sometimes good, sometimes poor. I've had their beef or grilled chicken and they are decent. The presentation is always nice though. The service is always solid and the prices are economical, just like Marche Hawai. Their rolls are good.I like to come here occasionally, it's nothing special but always hits the spot without impacting your wallet too much.
5	This is the best place for our vietnamese fix outside of china town. We regularly go here wher we do our shopping at Marche Hawaii, this time we noticed that the had sandwiches for $3.50. While having my regular amazing soup I asked my son to share a sandwich with me. Expecting this 5" sandwich came a s10" with BBQ chicken for a whole price of $3.50!!! How can they do this price. To top that they had a special if you buy 5 the 6th is free!!! WOW!!!
4	Had lunch here yesterday.  Nice.  Very varied menu.  Quick and friendly service (well, it's a counter:  you place yur order, pick it up and walk to the tables right next to it).  Portion size is plentiful.  No alcohol.
4	Secretly one of the best Vietnamese experiences in Montreal. Love their combo plates. Definitely eat 'to go' though. The super market in is sort of smelly if memory serves.
