5	After failing with a past party planner, I decided to check this out on a limb based on a thread on yelp talk. What these ladies do is similar to N9NE who do all the palms' venues. Lightgroup works with a large selection of MGM establishments. I basically went and chose a restaurant and a nightclub and they faxed me over  several packages at different price points. I wonder if they haven't worked with mixed company birthday parties before. I got the impression that they only did bachelorette parties. Their stationary still has bachelorette labeling on it and the bouncers referred to them as the people who do bachelorettes... This was a happy guinea pig. I planned this night in about a week by myself and it was freaking stressful. Jeannette and Kokie really helped smooth everything out. From contacting the restaurant manager that we were late( 10 girls getting dressed takes forever) to walking all of us as a group ( no waiting for us guys yay!) They even referred me to an awesome limo company.
2	I'm going to skip my usual review colloquialisms and just list my experiences leading up to the night of my reservation. You decide if it's worth more than 2 stars. - Contacted LG through the website.- Prompt response from Stacey (a relative plus)- Stacey set me up for dinner at Union and then guestlist at Haze, two days before the night. A round of drinks was offered for dinner. She then said she would send a confirmation email with all the details. - No email received. - Called LG a day before the night, forgot who I spoke to. This lady told me Stacey was out of town. (what?) She found my email conversations and filled herself in to help me out. - She said she would call Union after it opened for the day to confirm dinner reservations. I brought up the free drink thing on a whim and she said she would gladly offer a round. (you might see where this is headed eventually) She also said she would send a confirmation email with all my details. - No email received. - Day of, I call again. This time I reach Allison. Of no fault of hers, I guess, she knew absolutely nothing about my reservations. I had to basically re-reserve dinner and the club list. She said she would send me an email with all my details. - Yes, finally, I do get an email. No details, just a confirmation. That's fine. - No round of drinks at dinner, even after being offered by two people. - Got into the club just fine. The drink thing is a small issue. Sure, I could've saved $25 and got some free drinks, but the waiter and hostess would've had no idea about it and it would've led to a bigger hassle. If you're going to offer free drinks, pull through. If you're going to send a confirmation email, send a confirmation email. Maybe a different level of service is experienced when you book a table at the club vs. what I did, which was just dinner for me and my girlfriend and simple guestlist access. Who knows. The venues that LG run are very nice and I want to recommend LG to friends for booking, but after this experience, I'm not quite ready to do so. One star for reserving dinner, another for guestlist at Haze. The default Yelp comment says it all -- "Meh. I've experienced better."
2	WOW!!!  What a disappointment.  I thought this was going to be great, no lines, no problems, no worries....unbelievable.  Scheduled a bachelorette party weekend months in advance.  We did the 3-D experience 'Dinner, Drink, Dance".  My contact was Kokie.  After giving my credit card to hold our spots at Diablo's Cantina, Haze Nightclub at Aria and Liquid Pool at Aria - only one location had my reservation correct...the Pool party on Sunday.  I'm sure this is because they triple checked after everything went horribly wrong at the other 2 venues.We were scheduled for 8 girls at Diablo's at 9:00 pm.  We get there at 8:30 to be on the safe side, and lucky we did because they did not have the reservation.  So I start making my phone calls to Kokie while the hostesses try working something out.  The cool thing (which is why I am giving two stars instead of one) is that she was responsive.  She sent me a text message and we communicated via that.  Diablo's was great, got a table set up for us and dinner found it's way together.In the meantime I got a voicemail from someone who invited us to have a drink before going to Haze. We stopped in for shots and moved on.Next step, Haze at Aria (the happening club at the time of this review). We arrive at the lines and we couldn't tell which one was our line.  So some of the girls hopped in one while I hopped in another since the reservation was in my name.  The girl at the front with a clipboard checking off names was rude.  I went to hop in line with my friends and I got this rude remark.  You know how there are ways of saying things and getting the same message across but without attitude?  She didn't use the sweet "customer is right" attitude.  Then she finds my name and her tone changes, nice....We each get a ticket (though we had a table reserved with a 2 bottle minimum) and are walked down the escalators. Where we stand in line and watch as groups are being taken into the club before us and walked by us.  I finally ask what the issue is. It's not like we are just paying cover charge, or on a VIP list with no expense.  We are paying for a VIP table and had these reservations.  The guy responds "he's spending a lot of money".  What?!!!!  Are you serious?  Jesse is his name.  I flipped my lid but remained calm because this party was about my friend's bachelorette and wasn't about to ruin it by causing a scene.  So I start texting again...they still couldn't get it.  Apparently the rude girl at the top had confused our reservations and they just gave us tickets, so we were getting the "cheap bitch" treatment.  Eventually, someone got the notice that we were "paying citizens" and finally walked us to our table, but not before telling us they were getting the "tables ready" still. What a joke - we ALL KNOW the tables are never ready until you get there...Out of all of this, I will never use the Light Group for any type of VIP planning services.  I didn't even get a follow up call after the weekend was over to apologize or check-in.  Thumbs down!!
1	if I could give 0 stars I would. they rip you off and make bullshit reservations that don't even exist. almost ruined my Vegas experience but thank god We found ppl who were actually legit and got us into clubs. never trust these ppl. even the club bouncers told us they were fake
1	If I could give them negative stars, I would have.This company is completely worthless.  Nicole and Kokie were in charge of planning a bachelorette party I planned for my dear friend.  They were supposed to book a cabana at Aria, a Stipper 101 class, and a VIP night at Gold Club for myself and 7 other girls.  NONE OF THESE RESERVATIONS WERE MADE!!!  They had confirmed with me at least a month in advance to say everything was set, then a week before the weekend we were going, I get an email saying I need to sign a contract.  The contract had the WRONG dates and times, which was when I started to panic.  They assured me everything was fine, oh no wait, actually they weren't able to get me the Stripper 101 class time I wanted, so I had to pick a new time.  When I questioned why it wasn't booked when I asked them to so much in advance, they claimed the class was cancelled.  This was a LIE, as when I walked into my 3pm class (the classes are two hours) the instructor said the 1pm class was no way cancelled, they just never bothered booking it until just days in advance!!!Also, I was confirmed for a cabana at Aria months in advance at a discounted rate of $1500 instead of $2000 because I booked it through The Light Group.  But when I showed up and stated I had a reservation, they said they had no record of it.  LUCKILY I had my lap top with me and showed them my confirmation email.  The people at Aria were good enough to honor the price and time because of my confirmation email I had from The Light Group, which obviously was NOT confirmed.This is not to mention the other mess ups that Nicole and Kokie had for what was supposed to be a fun and relaxing weekend.  Why would I want to go through a third party if I could have made these reservations myself and saved my weekend????To top it all off, I've tried reaching out to managment reagrding these two particular employees (who, one of the Light Groups employees themselves told me were "incompetent idiots who screw everything up!!) and they have ignored my requests to speak.  So now I'm not only upset and disappointed with these particular employees, but also The Light Group's managment.  This company is a total FAIL and I DO NOT recommend it.
1	Terrible. Made a simple reservation through them; 2 @ Union Friday night at 6p.m.  Read previous reviews and called Union myself....no reservation was made.  Made the reservation myself in two minutes.  The worst part is that KASHIA even emailed me a confirmation number for this reservation.  I will never use The Light Group for reservations again.
1	Apparently, there is a niche for a proper promotions company in Las Vegas because the Light Group is downright worthless. Any venue that has hired this group of incompetent individuals may want to reevaluate their contract before the Light Group ruins their image for good. I have never dealt with such sheisters and frauds in one place. A group of lovely females wanted to spend a typical Vegas Saturday evening at HAZE and was in contact with a promoter from the Light Group that had no idea to what he was doing. Two girls showed up just as the others were walking up to the line (me being one of them). My friend and I had different VIP tickets than they had, but were told because of that, we needed to pay $20 each. The promoter guy said "that's not right, I'll be back" and proceeded to run up the stairs to talk to the table handing the tickets out. While we waited for him, only to receive a disappointing answer - not surprising - that he couldn't do anything... we said "F-it and paid $20." We paid the 1st- level "Rope Man" who also happened to take my ticket (he said his name was Andrew but is total BS). We then got to another rope, which let us in and then got to a door man at the entrance who said I needed a ticket. I kindly told him that the man at the first rope took my ticket and my $20. And he told me "no, you give your ticket to me and you pay money at the counter. Nobody over there should have taken your money." So I try to get back and tell the guy at the rope that I needed my ticket, because clearly he was trying to steal the money, only to be stopped by the 2nd rope man saying I cannot cross the rope. The short spikey haired dueshlord promoter came over and asked what the problem was and I told him the situation. He tried to say that I have my ticket and that I paid HIM the $20. By this point, I'm getting so frustrated. I said "All I need is an effing ticket, I don't care about the money, just give me a ticket so I can go in with my girlfriends and have a good time!!" Then the first rope man came over and denied that he took my money AND my ticket. Another promoter came over and handed me the same ticket I initially had. He proceeded to tell me... "you didn't pay $20 to get in... you paid $20 to cut the line." I was outraged because THERE WAS NO LINE TO BE CUT!!!! There was a very short line that I would have happily stood in if it meant getting 1.5 drinks inside the club. Then as the other guy was walking me in, the first rope man yells out "you are going to let that liar inside?!?!" I was SHOCKED!!!!! Knowing some high level executives at Aria, my irate text messages started blasting. I love Aria, but HAZE was a hot mess. As we were leaving, someone had asked us if we had a good night. My friend blurted out "no, HAZE was awful" and the employee was actually the one who said that HAZE was run by the Lightgroup and it's always a mess. As we continued to share our horrible experience with others (locals) throughout the weekend, they too, were familiar with their awful reputation. Lightgroup is a FRAUD so work with someone that has legitimate pull for your Vegas experience.
4	I have to disagree with the negative reviews. Nicole was a great help in planning my sister's Bachelorette Party over Memorial Day Weekend 2011- one of the busiest weekends in Las Vegas. During our email transactions she was always prompt and professional in responding. All our dinner reservations were as requested. There were only two glitches over the weekend: one was our 1 hour wait for the limo pick-up for Men of Sapphire due to the ridiculous traffic on the strip. This threw off our schedule to meet Nicole before midnight at Haze Nightclub, but she took care of everything and escorted us into the nightclub without a problem. We actually felt so VIP since the line for the club that weekend was 5 miles long and we bi-passed it all. The second glitch was not being able to have complimentary entrance to Liquid due to a last minute performer.... BUT it does say in small print that these type of things can happen. Nicole was very proactive in offering other dayclubs we could enter at no cost. She was always available via cell or text when I needed her. Our overall experience was great and we couldn't have done it without her. To make things even better, a few days after I got home, I recieved a nice hand written note from her... WHO TAKES THEIR TIME TO WRITE SOMETHING OUT THESE DAYS... shows how devoted she is.
5	Have used this company twice and both times I felt super VIP, and yet everything was ridiculously inexpensive for what we were getting. The first time I used them was in June 2008, had dinner at Stack, partied at Jet, then late night cocktails at Caramel. This weekend, June 2012, we did dinner at Diablos, bottle service at Gold Lounge, then free entrance and drink tickets at Haze. Both times everything ran SO SMOOTHLY, we walked right in everywhere we went. Drink tickets were for top shelf. Had more fun using Light Group for a table at Gold Lounge on Friday night with Light Group than I did waiting in the 2 hour line for our table service at Marquee the next night. Proof that spending more money and going to the hippest place can not guarantee a good time. I wish we could have stayed at Gold longer, it was so much fun.
5	I'm not sure why the Light Group has such low ratings. I just returned from a trip to Vegas with five of my girlfriends and we had the best time ever (thanks to Nicole at the Light Group). I actually just joined Yelp, so I can write a stellar review about the Light Group and Nicole in particular.  My girlfriends and I knew we wanted to get table service at either Haze nightclub or 1Oak, so I sent a table request inquiry through each club's website. I got a response from someone from the Light Group (they manage both clubs), who eventually sent my inquiry to Nicole. I have to admit, I did look at the Yelp reviews for The Light Group when I received the response from them. I was pretty hesitant at first, since their reviews weren't that great. However, after my email exchanges with Nicole, I felt more at ease, since she was great (very helpful, accommodating and very responsive). She introduced the Girl's Night Out package that her company offers. We ended up going with that package.  Nicole hooked us up with an awesome table on the dance floor at Haze. The experience at Haze was definitely unforgettable. She was able to authorize a one bottle minimum for our group, since we were all females. Good thing, since we couldn't even finish the one bottle. Our hostess and busser at Haze were also great! The music at Haze was awesome (top 40/ hip hop). Nicole even stopped by to say "hello" to our group and make sure everything was going well.For the GNO package, you have to book a restaurant that is offered on the package and go with their preset menu. Our group chose FIX at the Bellagio hotel.  The preset menu at FIX was $55 per person and it offers SO much food. It was definitely worth every penny. The food was delicious and I highly recommend the restaurant. Nicole also got us discounted tickets for the Chippendales' Show, which was definitely fun to watch with the girls. The next time I plan a Vegas trip, I will definitely contact Nicole, again!
4	If you're planning a bachelorette party, Nicole and Marina are the best people to work with. They are super helpful and very responsive. The light group does a great job accommodating your budget and party size. I would definitely work with them again to plan my next bachelorette party!
5	Will never go to Vegas without contacting Light Group!  Brandon Belgarde is the best promoter ever! He made a girls weekend in Vegas an unforgettable one!  Easy to contact, quick replies, and came through with everything that was planned!  Never met a promoter who was able to do all that Brandon did! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! :)
5	I went here on a Wednesday during industry night. Dang! It was packed, but not too packed that it was overwhelming. I'm sorry, but I can't give you any advices on prices, cause I'm a lady and I have never spent money in clubs...unless I'm tipping. It was a very fun night. I don't know if there were any special djs performing, but the music was awesome. Everybody was pumped up when they were playing edm music then everybody was grinding during hip hop music. The bouncers or security guards weren't douche bags too. They don't push you out of the way when you're lost and walking around trying to find your way. I would definitely come back.
4	I used Nicole at the Light Group to help book a bachelorette weekend. I HIGHLY recommend her and Marina! She always answered my emails in a timely manor and dealt with changes on our side with ease. Through Nicole, we got discounted Chippendales tickets, a discount on our rooms at the Aria, a prix fixed meal at Diablos that served an insane amount of food, and VIP service at Haze. She was great about laying out a variety of options at every price point. Honestly, everything was great but there was a problem with our room reservations. Not the Light Group's fault, but given that the room was in their name, it made everything a lot more difficult. My flight was super delayed, and so I called the Aria to add someone else's name to the reservation. Given that the Light Group made the reservation, I was unable to add someone's name. I sent Nicole a quick email, and she did what she could, but she was unable to add a name as well. It just made everything a little more complicated by having a middle man. Just something that would have been good to know. That being said, I'm not sure that I would have done things differently.
