5	So not vegan or vegitarian but had to try this place.  Good prices, around 6.50 a plate and very sizeable portions. I had the Golden Roll Vermicilli and boyfriend had the Hawaiin "burger".  I really enjoyed my dish but bf not so happy with his,.... i think because he knew it was vegan tho! Loved the interior, real bright and clean.  Entire menu is vegan and they promote a green way of life.  While waiting on our food to go they were kind enough to give us each a glass of a new smoothie they were testing out.  Loved it. Would go back for that alone. Tasted like Jamba Juice but knew it was better since vegan! Deff going back. Nice menu variety as well...only downer is hours. Monday thru Sat 11am till 9pm and CLOSED on Sundays
4	Disclaimer: I am a Vegetarian.Today I checked out the newly opened Loving Hut on 35th Ave & Union Hills in North Phoenix. The food was fantastic.I ordered the NY "steak" combo (pic: http://twitpic.com/3qbwy ), which came with a soup of the day (very tasty vegetable soup), rice (brown or white), some side veggies (cabbage, carrots, snap peas) and eggplant with tofu.The eggplant with tofu was very good, the skin was not chewy at all like in many other eggplant dishes, it almost melted in my mouth and it was very tasty.The actual NY "steak" was more like a crispy faux chicken, but it was still pretty good and came with a curry dipping sauce.They also have a wide variety of other food menu items. The drink menu is also impressive. Many fresh made juices, smoothies, teas, etc. I opted for a not-so-exotic Jasmine iced tea and added some organic brown sugar found on the counter.My entire meal including my drink was about $9 and left me with a full belly. Plates range around $6 - $10.The only downside I saw with this place is the "supermastertv", which is playing on two ~42" plasmas hanging on opposite walls of the dining room. The channel is playing animal rights groups & animal cruelty content nonstop. To be clear, I have no problem with advocating no harm to animals, but I don't want to see slaughterhouse videos and animal abuse footage while I am eating. I would be much more comfortable if they played some other non-graphic content there.Overall I was very satisfied and I will be turning this into a regular lunch & dinner spot.
5	I went to Loving Hut's grand opening on Sunday the 19th.  They prepared a variety of food for us to sample, and it was delicious.  I especially liked the chow mien and the fried "shrimp."  The Pink Lady was also good.  I think it is a mixture of cranberry juice and soy milk with crushed ice - very refreshing!I have been waiting for more veg options on the west side, and I will definitely be going back!
4	I tried LH last week before thier Grand Opening. I was definatly surprised by the various types of dishes they offered. I opted to chicken out and get the fried rice with soy chicken. IT WAS GREAT. They mentioned that the steak wrap and burger are the best tasting dishes but I was a little bit afraid to eat a fake burger. lolThey offered me a couple glasses of Lemonade while I waited and it might have been the best I have ever had. The prices seemed reasonable and the place was spotless. I will be back and maybe I can raise it one more star.
5	If the opening of a new vegetarian restaurant is cause for me to celebrate, just imagine how happy I was after I tasted the food!Jeremy and I checked Loving Hut on Friday for dinner.  It's a really cute place, spotlessly clean and the staff is very sweet and helpful with suggestions.I had the steak sandwich (one of their chef's choice dishes) and it was great!  The steak itself was delicious, served on crusty french bread with crisp marinated veggies.  I had a beautiful orange-cranberry juice drink called the Orange Joy as well.  Mmmmm!I can't wait to go back again this week and try something new.  Everything looks great and I'm so pleased to have a veggie place on the north side of town.
5	Happy to see that a vegan restaurant has finally come to my neighborhood. My sister and I were immediately greeted by a member of the courteous and helpful staff who offered us a complimentary mushroom soup. There are several things to choose from and finally decided to start with the spring rolls and each ordered the be-veg lunch(which included asparagus, tofu,and white rice), mumbai spirit to drink and carrot cake for dessert.  All were fresh and delicious and the menu prices are very reasonable. I will soon be returning to try more!
3	Here's my take:The food is great, for vegan stuff, everything I've tried there (Spicy Chacha & BBQ Beef Noodles) is delicious.That said, the ambiance is a little depressing, almost sterile.  Also on the negative side, they also don't take American Express, which is a bummer since they have a MAJOR American Express facility only a city block away and not accepting this card has been a deterrent for me coming in more often.  Lastly, the service is spotty at best.  They have table set up but you need to order from the counter and the place is not setup where that is intuitive.  I had to ask for silverware multiple times before I was brought it and they served me my food backwards (entree, appetizer, then soup).  Which was a little weird.But back to the food.  I would say I was very pleasantly surprised.  All my dishes I really couldn't tell that what I was eating wasn't the real meat.  Whatever substitutes they use, they masterfuly crafted it.  So since I write my reviews on the quality of the food more than the ambiance, I give it 3 stars.In summary, if what you are looking for is good food, vegan, healthy, without knowing that it's vegan this is a great place.
4	Went to Loving hut with my GF for a Vegetarian Society Meet Up.Food is pretty simple but good and service is fast. If you are in the west valley this is your spot. if you are not in the West Valley check out Vegetarian house for a similar setup.We got the steak sandwich which was not bad, but nothing to write home about either.The Supreme Master TV stuff is funny and entertaining.
2	This is NOT a place to take your meat-eating friends that have not experienced a vegan restaraunt! I love trying new vegan restaraunts and was sad about this one. The food is just not that great, I think they could do much better.Do not order the chicken salad, it is a few peices of veg chicken on top of a bed of shredded cabbage with squeezed lemon, that's it! The sweet & sour chicken is not so great either, or the Hawaiian Burger...The pink lady drink is great though.Definetly try this if you like veg food, but again dont try to impress meat-eaters with this place...
5	Tried this place out a couple weeks ago with my Fiancee. She is Vegan, I am not, but I'm very open to meat alternatives. We both really enjoyed our food. We started with the spring rolls, which had an excellent dipping sauce. I had the Jasmine Ice Tea that had a great flavor for an unsweetened Ice tea. My fiancee ordered the Sweet and Sour "Chicken" and really liked it, which is good as sometimes she does not like the fake meat. I ordered the Spicy Cha Cha, which is breaded soy shrimp. The breading was well seasoned, crispy and not greasy. I used the spring roll dipping sauce for the shrimp and would recommend getting a dipping sauce with this dish. All in all it was great experience. My fiancee's only suggestion is the have more veggie dishes not based on fake meats.
3	Given the limited options of vegetarian fare in Phoenix, this place is worth checking out. Nestled in the endless amounts of shopping strip malls, Loving Hut sticks out like a sore thumb with their spotless tables and fluorescent lighting.++- menu has a good variety of Asian and "western" food, plus a whiteboard filled with new items available for selection- order and pay at front, sit and wait for your food, avoid servers breathing down your neck- the cute little Asian women who are so sweet I could take them home and have them cook for me all the time- clean clean clean!- -- the "beef" in the vermicelli was overly chewy and too salty- wonton soup was pretty oily, could see droplets on the top of my soup- NO SRIRACHA?! (Asian hot sauce popularly known as Rooster sauce)- both TVs had breaking news about how we're destroying the planet via global warming and images of swine flu outbreak....not very appetizing...I'd probably come again to try other things on their menu, but I'd prefer an ease up on the propaganda...
3	See the amazing family  attempt to eat vegan!! Watch the brave kids eat fake burgers!! Observe the care and balance of the waiter/server/host  who attempts to amuse the meat eating group as they  balance the high wire of going green! We had a fun and adventure trying out the local vegan place that we would love to love.. but it's just not  in our future. Fresh and bright inside , the decor screams: I am earthy , and healthy and well thought out .  I give it two thumbs up for the refreshing design. ( except that blasted TV with "SuperiorMaster"  TV channel from a Satellite Planet located somewhere near the moon of vegan. The place was empty at 4 , I hope they have more business later , they really need a better location and more informative signage. We gave a shot trying out Vegan burger with fries, they tasted okay from all accounts but not enjoyed. My husband had the only winner at the table "Cha Cha Chicken"  tasty and good texture. I would order it if you made me go back . My meal was the loser ..it had 5  fake shrimp and big huge bright green bean pods ..very snappish ..I felt well Beaned.   Youngest kiddo avoided the whole adventure with a bowl of rice ..wimp. We all decided if we were vegan we would like this place and be happy to come back .. but we are  steak loving, dairy drinkers with our eyes on the leftovers in the fridge when we came back. On to another adventure!
3	I dropped by Loving Hut today on the raving recommendations of my chiropractor, who is a vegetarian.  The meals look like they are interesting and worth a try.  I tried the Hawaiian Hamburger based on the server's recommendation.  Tasted like a pretty good hawaiian hamburger.  No fakeness.  Even on my way to work with the stuff in the styrofoam box, it smelled like a burger and fries.I enjoyed the Pink Lady drink.  Very tasty.They have coffee's there as well... might be worth a try since I'm more into coffee than vegetarian food.What kicked this place down to 3 stars?Supreme Master TV.  What a bunch of propaganda!  You'd think Supreme Master Ching Hai was their sister with how much they forced that woman down your throat!  Don't get me wrong, she has great intentions, but that place was bordering on obsession and it was a little too extreme, even for my taste.I ordered my food and it took 40 minutes to get my food so I could leave and go to work.  I ended up showing up at work late because I had already ordered and I wasn't about to waste the $12 I had spent by just leaving.  The lady apologized to me THREE TIMES.  I'm sorry, but if you have to apologize more than once, FIX IT.  Don't keep coming back to apologize for my to-go order being late.Being late kind of ruined the whole experience for me, so I'll have to try it again later when I'm not in a hurry.
3	My wife suggested the loving hut. Was I a little disappointed? Sure, I was seeking something much more heavy, for lack of a better word, however, the visit was enjoyable.I was raised vegetarian, so the food wasn't a stretch for me. I was more concerned with the atmosphere. I didn't want to dine in a preachy, new age joint. That is exactly what this place is. A television tells you that you will soon be going to hell (literally) if you commit any of the sins located on a scrolling list. Those sins include shooting a firearm, eating meat, etc. The presentation of this information is light, colorful and supplemented with a photo of a panda. So strange. Initially, I wasn't sure if this was an element of humor or an actual philosophy. After watching the television for another few minutes, I came to realize that the programming was a product of a television network. More of their programming aired and it was along the same lines. Enough with the message.The food was delicious, cooked properly and the presentation was cute. The portions are on the smaller side, but from a health-themed restaurant, that is general standard fare. The mixed drinks, no booze, were equally enjoyable. I've tried the "steak" sandwich, orange "chicken" and one of the pasta dishes. I would recommend them all. My wife is a fan of the golden rolls and the golden wantons, both come with a sesame sauce that is a perfect compliment.My largest complaint is that the menu offers no descriptions. There are pictures with the name of the dish and from that point on, its a guessing game. Same with the drinks, which is even more annoying because a glass of a bright green liquid doesn't give me any hint as to whether I would enjoy it or not. The names are cute instead of informative, so you're truly either going to ask a million questions or take a leap. Based on the food, I would give the place a much higher rating, but a dining experience is based on much more than food.
3	Living in San Francisco I would frequently see this place, but would always decide on a non-chain veg place instead. Here in Az it's a lot harder to find an all vegetarian or vegan place! So I went. All in all, it was pretty good, the portions on some of the things were kind of small and I'm pretty sure they use a boca burger in the hawaiian burger, and boca burgers have a foul taste to them. The sauce and accompaniments definitely made up for it, though. The sushi rolls I would not get again, they had a fake ham in them, which doesn't even make sense to me and I didn't like. Their sweet and sour mock was really great as was the curry and the soup they give at the beginning. The drinks were fabulous but they didn't have their vegan ice cream that day, which was a major bummer. I will definitely be going there again when I'm in the vicinity, but stay clear of those sushi rolls!
4	I first went to Loving Hut on the second day it was open. I ordered the Chow Mein, which was good enough, but nothing special. I also ordered the cheesecake, which won me over a bit more. The service was extremely slow, but I figured it was because of it being the first week. Overall, the experience was satisfying, but not great.Since then, I've gone quite a few more times and ordered the Hawaiian Burger as well as the Steak Sandwich, both of which I highly reccommend! The service has picked up a bit, but of course, it takes a little longer than your average restaurant. However, the various soups that you're given while you wait for your meal are delicious and well worth it. The Pink Lady drink is also really good, as long as you can get over the fact that you'll look like you belong on "Sex and the City" while you're drinking it. Overall, 4 stars to Loving Hut for giving the city of Glendale something good for once.
3	I really want this restaurant to be successful. The staff is cheerful, and the west valley desperately needs more vegetarian-friendly restaurants. I can't give it a higher review because the food was rather bland, and they do not serve quinoa. In fact, the server had never heard of quinoa which is bizarre for a vegetarian place. It looks like the restaurant is just a few months old, maybe in a few more months it will improve and I can give it a better rating.
4	I am vegetarian but I think anyone could enjoy this place.  It is tasty!We were pleased with everything we ordered.  I found the Exquisite Curry to be fantastic but really, everything I tasted was very good.  The menu is exciting and I can't wait to try more.  The service was sweet and I loved the Happy Go Lucky drink.  I look forward to going back!  I'd eat there a lot if it was closer to me...
4	I am not yet vegetarian and as long as big ol' unattractive pigs that inhabit the planet and taste like bacon are roaming around, well...I'm trying very hard to eat Vegetarian, sorta hard to eat Vegan (since I'm lactose intolerant, mostly) and minimally to eat Raw Vegan. But the latter is my ultimate body-loving goal - at least 80% of the time! But you're not reading this to hear about my culinary goals.This month, the S.O. and me have dubbed December 2009 - Vegetarian Month. Sadly, it had only been two days and I was already craving meat for dinner so I made my 3rd visit to Loving Hut - Glendale.First off, let's discuss the Location: I now (temporarily) reside in Glendale and this location is a pain in the @$$ even for me. Sheesh! It's near nothing of importance and if I were these brilliant enterprisers, I would search for a more convenient location for the veg-loving crowd.Now, onto the Food and Service! The reason I gave this place 4 stars follows:1) Phoenix, the sweet, customer service-oriented server2) The Mongolian Wonder dish at a mere $7.25. If you try nothing else here, eat this dish, people! Trying to convert an Ominivore?  Feed 'em this and don't tell them it's not meat. If I could learn how to convert soy protein (which I try not to eat too much of due to it's estrogen-mimicking...), I would never touch red meat again without even a second thought. I don't know what's in the "homemade spices", but this meal is a brilliant substitute for the real thing. Have it with the steamed rice. I usually find white, steamed rice boring, but in this case, you don't want any flavors competing with this masterpiece. Oddly, though, it doesn't come with the rice but it's only an additional $1.50.3) The simple message of doing our part to save the planet just by changing our diet works for me, even if only part-time. The decor is minimalistic and effective.4) The water served before your meal is infused with orange and totally changes how i feel about restaurant water. I pass on straight-from-the-tap-water. Shut up! I know I'm a bit snobbish.5) The Golden wontons are a yummy sub to the cream cheese-filled crab angels one usually gets at Asian-style restaurants. The orange joy is yummy but a bit pricey at $3.25 as is the Mumbai Spirit Chai.6) There are a few products for sale should you wanna try and replicate something tasty you've had there. I've had no such luck but bought the products anyway. The Veggie "chicken" are ok. Why I don't give Loving Hut 5 stars:1) Location. Union Hills and 35th Ave.  Please MOVE!2) The hours. I sometimes "forget" to eat and once made a concentrated trek way over to their location to try it for the first time only to find it closed. Arghh...There is a  2 hour time frame between 3 and 5 when they are closed.3) Soy - Do your own research, but too much soy is just not healthy, yet it is in nearly every dish on the menu. Then the question is whether or not the soy is organic. Cause if it ain't, it's probably GMO (Genetically-Modified Organisms), and you don't wanna go there. I'll have to ask about that next time. 4) Not gonna go into detail but the whole "Supreme Master" thing kind of has a cult-like feel to it. But no one's trying to make me join anything, so I don't dwell.5) I was very unimpressed on my 1st visit but decided to try again. The fried rice was dry and not very flavorful. And their "Golden Beauty" which is a much less flavorful and less salty version of The International Vegetarian House's Lemongrass "chicken", tasted very...soy-ee.6) I'm not into the "Go-up-to-the-counter-and-place-your-order-then-I'll-bring-your-food-to-you" thing. I believe in full serve at a restaurant, especially if you're expecting me to tip.7) It's a chain. Who knew?Bottom line: If you're looking for a new vegetarian restaurant to try and you have time on your hands to make the hike to the most inconvenient location on the planet (heh, heh...I'm such an exaggerator), then try this place at least once. And if you're craving beef, go for the Mongolian Wonder dish. You won't be disappointed.(Later in) December 2009 update: Oh my! The Hawaiian burger is absolutely divine. I LOVE IT!Also, I received a message from Loving Hut regarding this review. They wanted me to know that they are NOT-FOR-PROFIT, the location is family-owned and that the main goal of the restaurant is to promote "compassion". Awwww....Cool points awarded, Loving Hut! You still get 4 stars from me but as you requested, I will return!
4	Let me start this review by getting a small rant out of the way, stick with me here. I understand people who are not vegan come here, some enjoy it, some don't. What I don't get is people spending half their review talking about how much they love meat, dairy, dead things that used to have a mother, etc :-). It makes you look like more of a jackass because you are lauding it at a restaurant that is explaining why to go Vegan all over the walls and TV!! Yes, I am a Vegan, but don't tell me I don't "understand", I was an omnivore for 28 years who used to eat lots of all kinds of meat, cheese, dairy and NEVER ever considered going Vegan - that argument doesn't fly with me. If you are interested there is a wealth of information out there so get educated. It's a process for most(like me) but a rewarding one and you might just surprise yourself. I am always willing to talk to anyone about my "experience" as what most of society would call me " a non traditional vegan".Anyone still reading? Ok good, now onto Loving Hut. This review is really more of a 3-3.5 review but since it's a new vegan place in Phoenix metro it gets a 4 in my book. I think they could do much better in a better location, CenPho anyone? That being said, I work close by and this section of N Phx seems like anti-vegan land. So the fact that I have a 100% vegan place to go for lunch in this area is a bonus for me, although I am constantly going there alone since none of my coworkers would ever set foot in such a place(see "jackass" comment above).Most of the food here is decent, the eggplant and tofu is a good dish with a side of brown rice. The BBQ sandwich is also very good. I enjoy most of their apps as well, I had the Hawaiian burger once and wasn't that impressed - I make a better veggie burger at home(probably healthier too). Don't mistake this for health food, but its better then your standard meal at the local Chili's. Let's face it, people don't go out to be as healthy as possible, everything in moderation though(well not EVERYTHING).The staff is always very friendly and the prices seem reasonable on most of the dishes. I would rather create a Vegan meal at home then drive here for dinner, but for lunch when I need it, it works and I enjoy it. I hope they stay around and in business, I wouldn't be heartbroken though if they moved to an area where a vegan establishment might do better.PS. They changed the names on the menu since they opened, I am not sure what prompted it but its a good change. I don't like any vegan places that includes the animal they are trying to imitate. Vegan food can stand on its own, soy, wheat, etc protein can stand on its own. It has its own flavor, texturee and benefits it doesnt need(nor should be) compared to something else. I get that calling something soy "chicken" helps with getting people to transition to the diet but call it what it is, soy meat, wheat meat, nut milk, nut meat etc. Animal by products don't have a monopoly on the word "meat" or "milk" or "cheese'. Kudos for the menu changes.
3	I ate here after eating at the one in San Diego a couple times.  I was a little disappointed.  The place was kind of depressing and slow moving, but I was there at 8:15 on a Tuesday.  Overall, the food wasn't that good.  I had one of the soups and it was just okay.I would definitely be willing to give this place another shot, though.  I really liked some of the stuff at the SD location and I would like to try it here.If you have never been to a Loving Hut, it is worth a visit to see the crazy TV channel and some of the inventive dishes.I strongly recommend the things that look like breaded chicken legs but are really filled with mushrooms.  That thing is tasty.
5	I gave a new year's gift to myself today. It all happened just like that. For a change, we decided not to host or attend any of those large New Year's parties this year. While browsing the internet I landed in VegGuide.org website to find an interesting looking vegetarian restaurant so close to where I live.  I always used to end up travelling to one of those east valley restaurants in such occasions. When we entered the establishment the welcome was awesome. Although we had gone so close to the closing hours the staff did not show any signs of it. They patiently explained their menu, and recommended some of the finest selections. All of us were hungry and ended up ordering most them: BBQ Rolls, Chow Mein, Seaweed Ocean, SAVE-PLANET Curry, steamed rice, Silky Flan, Banana Fritters, and the Mumbai Spirit (Tea). They complimented us with a soup that we had left out. It was an awesome dinner and a great start for the New Year. My family loved all of the items we ordered and most importantly the warm eastern hospitality that we had missed for many years.  I am sure you will enjoy this place irrespective of your normal food habits or favorites.  Even vegetarians might be surprised to find many vegetarian versions of the western cuisine.  The food price is good; a couple can get a full meal dinner within $30. The place is clean, bright and the aura gives you a soothing feeling. It might be a nice surprise for east valley residents to find such a nice eatery located in the west valley.I can't wait to go back there again just to try the next set of items from their exotic vegan menu.
5	One word: AWESOME. Only wish they were closer to my house in Buckeye. :) Have eaten here once...I got a chicken dish. It was the best faux chicken I think I've ever had. This place is such a refreshing change to all the other predictable meat-and-potatoes chain restaurants in the area. Two thumbs up!
3	dear supreme master, you are a creepy b. thankfully there are such delights as the golden beauty, delectable eggplant and free soup ?! order the happy go lucky, because who doesn't like potpourri in their lemonade?  skip the appetizers because they are anything but. the staff is a touch overwhelming, mostly because there is hardly anyone ever here, i mean this place is sparse like whoopi goldberg's eyebrows. they have annoying north phoenix hours, which kind of sucks because i am a fan of lupper.
5	I'm a person who likes routine. I go to bed the same time each night and eat the same staple foods each week. And then I walked into the Loving Hut and it changed my life. Okay, not literally. But I have gone a half-dozen times and have not ordered the same thing twice. Why? Because I want to try everything on the menu! That's how good it is. My favorite is the SAVE-PLANET Curry. It has more flavor than my taste-buds know what to do with. And I've never left this place hungry. The portions are generous, the taste is indescribable, and they give you this pleasant orange-flavored water and soup start with. While I may be breaking routine by ordering everything from the menu, one routine I will not be breaking is visiting this place at least once a week!
3	Friendly service and a clean atmosphere set the right mood for the vegan food we enjoyed at the Loving Hut tonight.  Food was alright, and I'm sure it is healthy, but even though I was "tummy full" at the end, I still felt "head hungry" anyway.  Oh well.  Prices weren't too bad, and I'll certainly go back to try other options.
5	I discovered this place about three months ago and I love it!  Having been a vegetarian all my life I have been to my share of horrible vegetarian restaurants.  Loving Hut is not one of them.The staff is very friendly and helpful.  The first time I went our waiter spend about 5-10 minutes answering all our questions about dishes and explaining how to make certain items at home.  When dinning in you will be served a bowl of soup while your order is being prepared.  I would recommend the Spicy Cha Cha (shrimp like dish), Golden Beauty (lemongrass chicken), or the Sweet & Sour Divine (Sweet & Sour Chicken).  My meat eating friends rave about the Mongolian Wonder. Oh the BBQ Rolls are great too!Some people have issues with this place because of the whole Supreme Master thing but personally it does not bother me.  The staff does not proselytize or try to stuff literature down your throat.  I have my fingers crossed that they will consider offering cooking classes!  That will give me another reason to make the drive out to 35th Ave. & Union Hills Dr!
4	I've been here a couple of times now and I'm really happy to have a great vegan restaurant on the west side.  The only thing I'm really unhappy about is the fact that they're closed on Sundays, which is probably the most convenient day for me to visit.  Also, they charge an extra $1.50 if you want rice.  I realize a lot of people waste rice when it's automatically included with a dish, but I think charging an extra $1.50 is a bit ridiculous considering the actual cost of rice (I know because I make it all the time at home).  I think that they should provide rice at no extra charge but only include it if the customer requests it, or if nothing else, lower the charge for rice to perhaps 50 cents.On my first visit, I tried their Fabulous Pho.  Overall, it was quite good, although I wish that they had served the noodles on the side because when the soup was served, the noodles were overly soft by that point.  Even so, it was tasty, with tofu, slices of vegan "beef" and "tripe" with the typical side serving of lime and bean sprouts that is traditionally served with pho.  I can't remember if there was any vegan fish cake in it or not.  I had their Sunny Forest drink, which was refreshing.  My friend ordered the Golden Wontons, Sweet and Sour Divine, and Orange Joy.  She enjoyed all of her selections, but was flipping with joy over the Sweet and Sour Divine, which is a "chicken" type dish.  I tried a bite of hers and the sauce perfectly seasoned - the "chicken" was very yummy as well.  I'm not even usually a fan of sweet and sour dishes but even I was impressed with this one.On the second visit, I ordered the Spicy Cha Cha, Ice Mumbai Spirit, and also took some cheesecake and Mongolian Wonder to save for lunch the next day.  Despite the extra charge for rice, I'm glad I ordered the brown rice this time because the Spicy Cha Cha was indeed quite spicy for my mild-mannered taste buds.  Breaded mock shrimp were served on a bed of lettuce that had a spicy ground "meat" and veggie garnish.  Very delicious and something that I'd definitely order again.  I didn't care for the Ice Mumbai Spirit, though, as it tasted like I was inhaling the beauty section at Whole Foods.  It had a very perfumed flavor that was hard for me to stomach, but then again, I've been spoiled by Rishi chai tea.The next day, I ate my Mongolian Wonder and cheesecake.  The cheesecake was quite good, with a little drizzle of raspberry (or strawberry?) sauce on top.  I prefer my cheesecake crusts to have a higher graham cracker percentage but I still really enjoyed.  The Mongolian Wonder was nicely seasoned and very tender, without being overwhelmed by the onions, although I wished I had ordered some rice (or remembered to make some at home) to go with it since it was a tad salty.The staff are quite friendly.  A complimentary light soup is brought out prior to your meal.  Although the videos playing (that many have mentioned) are a little silly, the screens are set on a low volume and easy to tune out.Overall, I'm quite pleased with The Loving Hut and will be sure to visit as often as my budget allows it.
4	Went back here for lunch today. It was my second time (first time was last week) and this time I brought my boss along. The last time they didn't have their supreme master sh1te on, and this time both tellys were blank. Disappointed, I actually asked whether they could put it on after reading some of the reviews on here, just to have a bit of a laugh. On it came. It's not that bad - there was some Asian woman getting laughs from an audience, evidently the opening act for the Supreme Master himself. It all comes from California, apparently - why doesn't this surprise me? We chuckled for a bit (mainly at how rapidly the subtitles and other stuff were flashing on the screen, almost like Max Headroom blipverts) then turned to our food. I got the pho with their Golden Rolls, the boss got a bowl of curry with a side of brown rice served in the traditional way (bowl up and over). All it needed was a hershey's chocolate kiss on the top and it would have looked just like a tit. Anyway. The pho was actually pretty good - they made a fine job out of cloning standard pho dac biet, even to the extent of having some gristly stuff that simulated tripe. The "meat" was pretty good - I too was really surprised that it looked and tasted so close to regular meat. The boss liked his stuff as well. A touch on the expensive side (veggie stuff should be just a little cheaper than eight bucks a pop, which is what some of their entrees cost) but on the whole it's pretty tasty stuff. And the people in there are sort of amusing. I ordered my pho and the guy goes "whoa, that'll taste really good".. I told him I usually went for the dac biet and he was like.. "yeah yeah, this is just as good.. except.. BETTER." I said that I was expecting to become a supreme master after eating it or else I was going to be asking for my money back. The little old server lady was very nice; she saw me eating rolls with my fingers and dropped off some chopsticks for me so I didn't get ketchupy paws. So in summary: good food, seemed like a clean place, reasonably unique menu, fairly non-confrontational television propaganda, not overcrowded, priced as something that could make it a weekly treat for me, and cholesterol free to boot.
4	Went back again today. I quite like this place. Their stuff isn't extremely cheap (it's tempting to go to Pink Lotus instead -  under $6 for the same amount of food) but it's not insanely overpriced and the place remains clean as a whistle. It seems to be gaining in popularity too - had about five or six tables with patrons today, despite the Supreme Master telly droning on in the background. It actually reminds me of the "a new life awaits you in the off-world colonies!" stuff from Blade Runner. Today's programming showed some kangaroos jumping around and happily munching grass, along with someone blathering on about how studies have shown that they play an important ecological role in blah blah blah. Anyway! Foodwise, I got my (now favourite) Golden Rolls, and decided to try something different with the Chow Mein. The latter was good, but I probably wouldn't order it again since I liked other dishes better. Next time I think I'll give the Hawaiian Burger a go. I definitely recommend the Golden Rolls - the dipping sauce is great as well.If you eat there rather than take away you'll get a little bowl of soup - their version of miso, I guess, with carrot, green onion, celery (yeuch) and tofu bits.Came away feeling satisfied but not grossed out - typical of vegetarian meals. I wish Sweet Tomatoes was a little closer, haven't been there in quite a while!You know, I wonder if this place would get pissed if I brought in a tiny can of cocktail shrimp to empty out into their vegetarian pho. There aren't any signs saying meat eating on the premises is forbidden, although the entire place reeks of Buddhist philosophy. I remember getting reprimanded back in Sydney when we used to go to the free Hare Krishna Sunday feasts and bring our own cans of Coke ("Krsna forbids intoxicants!"). Or maybe if I picked up a chicken wrap from Greek Wraps down the road then brought it in to eat with a side of their Guru Fried Rice. After all, they're selling a food style, not a lifestyle. Whatever the case, as mentioned in my previous review, this place is probably a once-a-week for me now.
5	I LOVE the food here. Really amazing asian cuisine but veganized. But my meat loving fiance also really enjoys it. The atmosphere is really clean and the service is phenomenal, almost every time we go we get complimentary soup before the meal. But the food doesn't just taste good its really pretty too. They put flowers in their special drinks, it was super cool. Also their "cheesecake" is mouthwateringly good, I have to get it every time.
4	This location has different items from the location in CA (milpitas), so I have ventured out a little bit and tried different things. I love the way they make their vegetarian food so flavorful and it doesn't feel like I'm not eating meat. Definitely getting a lot of protein. I really like their appetizers. The spring rolls, bbq rolls, and deep fried wontons are really good, I like the sauce. I liked their rainbow salad, which is similar to the heavenly salad at the milpiltas location. The blissful fried rice and silken moonlight are tasty, although a little bit oily. I really liked the vietnamese style crepe. It was really good considering it was vegan style. One of the servers recommended that I try the pink lady drink. It was good, tasted like a cranberry smoothie. I wasn't digging the flowers in it though.Definitely a good place, it's a little more pricey than your usual vietnamese/chinese joints though
4	Normally I wouldn't review a place that I'd only visited once, but I'm just so dang excited there's a vegan restaurant close to where I work that i had to post on this one.  I ordered the Hawaiian Burger w/ Fries (takeout)... love that I got the experience of a down & dirty "splurge" meal that killed neither my wallet nor my energy level.  I felt meal-satisfied and also alert and springy enough to continue the rest of my work day (the exact opposite would have occurred had I eaten an actual hamburger).  The fries were decent but the real pleaser was the burger itself-- sliced pineapple, grilled onions, deliciously teriyaki-infused veggie patty that had a hearty texture yet left me with a clean (not greasy) feeling afterward.  Yum!  I left off one star for the customer service-- they were friendly enough, just slooow.  But I'll definitely be returning just so I can try some of the other deliciousness I eyed on their menu...
4	There aren't too many places available to vegetarians, vegans, or those that just want to eat healthy, so my wife &amp; I were happy to try this place out. Neither of us are vegetarians, but we do try to avoid red meats. Loving Hut did not leave us hungry though. The portions were great and filling.
3	The food is really good, especially the bbq roll appetizer.  I would have given them at least 4 stars if it weren't for the fact that I felt like I was being recruited into a cult during my dining experience. It was creepy. I researched the place and it is associated with supreme master ching hai organization and on every shelf there is literature about it, and the tv is droning on with the station that the cult broadcasts from.  I really don't like when businesses mix religion with their product, I think it's really annoying and offensive. I don't mind a message promoting the reasons vegetarianism is healthful and compassionate toward life, but the cult thing is a bit much. I liked the food well enough to go back, but I won't go back because of the weird vibe. That's a shame.
5	While on vacation we chose Loving Hut because of the great reviews.  It was a trek to get there and very unassuming as we drove up... WOW....So Good I was texting everyone I knew as we left.  We are not vegetarian YET...but as my husband said "why would you eat animal protein when food can taste so good without it." We ate and ate without guilt....Oh, and sample the drinks.  It's like drinking nature...seriously!  We had planned to go out for BBQ tonite but we are going back to Loving Hut instead.
1	Took my 3 daughters in today - -only to see a PETA video playing. Not exactly appetizing. When i kindly asked if he could change the channel, he snapped "NO".  .... what?! are you kidding me??? who wants to eat lunch while someone is torturing chickens?! I will NEVER patron it again. Just awful!
4	My guy and I stopped over at the Loving Hut last week after work. The decor is very simple and 'sunshine' like. Lots of optimistic yellow and white. In a few words, if you like soy (non-meat) options, they have plenty. They also have some all vegetable dishes. I do understand a  bit of what other Yelpers have had concerns: the Supreme Master TV running in a loop on the flatscreens, but to me it was all positive messages and nothing disturbing. It's nice to see a place of business do something out of the mainstream and stick with their (all positive from what I could tell) beliefs. Considering this is a vegan restaurant, the menu is quite large. There seem to be more soy meat options than anything. I am still on the path of going vegetarian (meaning I still eat some chicken and fish every now and then when I am desperate). ...I, personally, prefer to eat vegetarian or vegan in a more traditional way -- meaning I don't really want items that resemble meat/taste like meat. I prefer items that contain vegetables, lentils, beans, nuts, etc... My guy went with the BBQ rolls and I had the Hawaiian Burger. The BBQ Rolls and accompanying sauce were pretty good - simple, light and tasty. The burger had a homemade soy patty and pineapple, mushrooms, and onions. It had a very original taste and was filling. I say give this place a try. It's healthy and there's an option for anyone open to non-meat options.
4	Tried this out for the first time a few nights ago. Service was good, one of the guys was really nice and made sure drinks were filled, etc. We were the only ones there from 7pm on. Maybe it was the rain.Place is really clean for sure as others have noted.Food is good. I'm a meat-a-tarian and need to have meat in every meal, but this place substituted that desire pretty well. Tried the Mongolian dish, they somehow made the tofu look just like sliced beef, pretty miraculous. Texture-wise it was noticeably different, but a great experience. Drinks were okay and expensive comparatively to food. I tried the ice chai and while it wasn't oversweetened which I hate, it was also somewhat taste-less. Would not recommend the iced chai to most people. Food was great and I would go back to try other items.
5	This place is so awesome! Healthy, delicious vegan food. What's more to ask!
5	This place is awesome. I have tried the rainbow salad and Hawaiian burger on several occasions.  The service is quick and professional.  The food is wholesome and great tasting.  The bathrooms and dining room are very clean.  There is a peaceful vibe to this joint.  Even though it is popular, there seems to be plenty of good seating when I go (even at lunchtime).  I highly recommend this joint.  Eat well.  Be well.
4	I'm a big fan of Loving Hut, but I like the Phoenix one on Indian School better than the one in Glendale. Everything is pretty delicious, but I've found that the dishes that you can also order at the Phoenix Loving Hut taste better and have bigger portions at that location than at this one. Also, it's a bit misleading because the restaurant is set up in such a way that you think you can just sit down and they'll come take your order, but you actually have to go up to the counter and make it. The Phoenix Loving Hut, on the other hand, offers full table service. Their only advantage over the other location is that they actually have the flan advertised on their menu, which is pretty good. Overall, I'd recommend it, but if you have the opportunity, try the Phoenix location instead.
4	Mmmmmmm I've been wanting to try this place for quite a while so when a friend from work who is vegetarian had a birthday I thought prefect time to try it out! I ordered the spicy cha cha which is a faux shrimp dish made out of yam protein. It was amazing! We also tried the veg pot stickers which were so-so in my opinion. My friend had a tofu and noodle dish called silken moonlight which she liked. We also due to a mix up on the called in order ended up with golden beauty a soy protein 'chicken' dish with lemongrass and spice. My personal favorite was the spicy cha cha. I will definitely be back!  This review was written by a non-vegetarian ;)!  Meals range from 6-8 dollars. Drinks are kinda pricy at 2-3.50. No sodas here! The happy go lucky drink was tasty made with lemon and lime juice, lime zest , rose petals and rose flavoring. A little sweet but good and very pretty.
5	Alright Loving Hut, let's face the facts, I love you and you love me. Your "strategery" of using "Love" in your establishment name has paid off, as you have enamored me with your delicious, 100% vegan food as well as your kind & friendly staff. I eat here all the time. We even get their food for parties. Vegetarians, Vegans & Omnivores alike will find something to enjoy at Loving Hut. In particular, I can wholeheartedly recommend the "Spicy Cha Cha", a unique faux breaded shrimp dish that I have seen no where else, made with Yam protein. Yes, it's delicious & amazing.Keep on rockin on, North Phoenix Loving Hut.
4	For some reason I thought this little vegan restaurant was a craft store. I have no idea why that impression came to me, but it was probably because of the logo. My boyfriend and I found this place on yelp, and once my craft store assumptions were put to rest we decided to try it. We ordered two appetizers, two main dishes, and a dessert-- all for $20! Everything was fantastic! And I can't wait to go back for seconds!Someone commented on the lack of atmosphere, which is understandable, however, it is important to remember that this establishment offers cheap, delicious, vegan food. I think the fact that it resembles an IKEA is forgivable if we take these truths to heart.
5	They are deliciously delightful here. I really really liked it
5	Absolutely loved everything here! It's nice to have a vegan restaurant in Glendale. Started with the Golden Rolls. Delicious veggie "egg"rolls that were not greasy. A complimentary cup of soup with clear broth and carrots followed. I had the Spicy Cha Cha faux breaded shrimp based on others' reviews. Completely delicious and highly recommended! My date ordered the Sweet & Sour Divine (faux chicken). We were not charged at all for our rice as mentioned by other Yelpers. Perhaps they caught wind that people disliked their rice charging policy because the woman taking our order made it known that they will be charging for rice in the future, but not that day. We finished with the carrot cake which was delicious! They have a freezer and cooler filled with retail items including the faux shrimp. Vegans, omnis, and flexitarians alike will like Loving Hut!
1	So the BF and I went here tonight with the BF's mom and dad for his mom's birthday. She's a vegetarian and had heard good things about this place, but the rest of us are not vegetarians. So first off, this place has a very cult ish feel. The workers all seem like they're in a daze and they play a video talking about the 'grand master.' Whoa. Anyway, so you go up to the counter to order. I got the spicy cha cha due to the overwhelming popularity of this dish on yelp, BF accidently ordered the family bean curd (he meant to order sweet and sour but gave the wrong number, his mom go the S&S, and his dad got the burger. They gave us a weird cup of soup before we got our meal. It had the consistency of egg drop.... it was pretty low on flavor, but was the best thing I had there. First off, when we looked at the menu it said a side of rice cost 1$, but we were charged 2$ for each side of rice... wtf. Second, my food was terrible. Maybe I overlooked it, but on the menu it says that this dish is yam protein. I thought, I like yams... this was not anything like a yam. It was fake shrimp! WTF, why doesn't the menu say imitation shrimp? I hate shrimp! maybe it was my fault... but seriously, wtf. The meat had the consistency of shrimp (gross) and a weird flavor that still lingers in my mouth hours later. It was dry and had no sauce, plus it wasn't spicy. It's called spicy cha cha..... I ate a couple of the fake shrimps but that was all I could eat. The BF's was also pretty bad. It was mushy and flavorless. Supposedly the sweet and sour was good, but I didn't try it. So his mom liked the food and that was the point of going here, but that does not mean that I have to give it a good rating. I would not go here again.... or at least until the next time BF's mom wants to go... but I'd definitely get something different.
2	Now, I understand the difference between vegetarian and vegan. I eat meat and I love it, but my husband does not. So I wanted to surprise him and take him to dinner where he had choices. There were plenty of choices here. Don't get me wrong, I am open to eating anything. I was just as excited as he was. We ordered our food, I got the sweet and sour chicken and he got the BBQ baguette. Our soup came out and it was so NOT good....very bland. We also ordered sushi...when it came out it was warm. Now, I don't know about you...but I frown upon warm sushi. I actually enjoyed my meal, more so than the soup and sushi. But the portions were really small. He wasn't too crazy about his meal, although he said his meal tasted better than mine, I beg to differ. We had to wait at least 15 minutes before he got his side of French fries which were $3.50...for a side...ridiculous. We also ordered Jasmine ice tea, which I needed a refill because it helped me swallow the bland soup and chilled up the sushi a bit. But we were denied. I heard her say she only makes 3 or 4 gallons and it finished. My husband heard her say, people ask for 3 or 4 cups and they lose money. HAHA, yup...talk about Men are from Mars and Women are from Venus. Either way we left thirsty. We spend almost $30, and I honestly didn't think it was worth it. If you are in the area try it out, just don't make the drive if you're not.
4	Went in today and got the Golden Vermicelli. Same great taste, same store and same service, but that dish cost me $9.29. My older copy of the take-out menu here at work shows it as $7.25 which IMO was already on the upper end of value for a vegetarian meal. Considering the fact that I can get an entire giant roast chicken for $4.99 at Frys near my house, which can be turned into four separate meals, I'm going to be reducing the amount of time I spend going here. Just starting to not be affordable and with the economy the way it is I simply cannot justify a ten buck lunch. Still four stars.. but now it's "barely" 4. Come to think of it, I might buy a roast chicken and bring some of it in here to eat along with some of their veggies on the side. Think they'd mind?
3	The drinks were good I had a 5 star lemonade. No free refills though. My friend was very impressed with the whole setup and wants to come back (it wont be with me). I appreciate what they are trying to do but the food wasn't overly exciting. The cha cha was vegan sure but I'm fairly certain frying it in grease pretty much cancels out the health benefits. The lo mien was dry and blah.
5	This place has great vegan food. It's a must if you're looking for a vegan restaurant.
3	Time for a review update... My initial "oh-my-god-there's-a-vegan-restaurant-a-mile-from-my-house" infatuation is now over. I live very close to LH, so I go there a lot.Loving Hut is pretty good, they have some very tasty dishes (Spicy Cha Cha, BBQ Bagutte are some of my favs) and they have some not so great dishes.The real reason for my drop-down in stars is that it's always a pain in the arse to order what you want at Loving Hut. You would think that a vegan restaurant would be totally okay with substitutions, omissions, etc (as that's what vegans must do at most restaurants), but no, it's always a royal pain at loving hut.The other day my wife wanted to try the "Tuno" (faux tuna) sandwich on the baguette roll instead of sliced bread. I called in to place a phone order and tried to order it. I made it clear that I would be happy to pay a bit extra for the baguette bread if necessary. Didn't matter. They would not do it. No way, no how. I tried to bargain with the phone employee who blamed it on someone else and said she had to go "check with the cook" if it was possible. How would it not be possible to use a different type of bread that they already have? Either way, they would not budge at all. So I couldn't get what I wanted, very annoying and frustrating.I've also tried other substitutions and dish modifications and it's always a pain.They no longer give free refills on Iced Tea (citing costs), which is disappointing.One day I asked about the complementary appetizer soups that they give in store, asking if I could get it for to go orders. The employee I spoke with explained that they don't give it out on to go orders because of soup container costs, but if I brought in my own soup container they'd be happy to give me some. So the next time I placed a to go order, I brought in a little plastic soup bowl and requested some. They barely gave me any soup in it and they gave me a hard time about it.Bottom line is that they need to be better at providing what the customer wants and less about penny pinching, as it is very annoying and it does not make me want to go back.Changing up the menu by offering unique, limited time dish specials would also greatly improve the place, as much of the menu seems to be very similar (the same flavored soy protein is in just about everything).Hoping they can improve...
2	Unfortunately I will no longer be recommending Loving Hut. Is it because the food tastes like crap? No. Is it due to weird hours of business or bad service? No. It's because it's just too expensive now. Bordering on a complete rip-off.I got my usual Golden Vermicelli with a side of the Golden Rolls since I really like those (the GV comes with two rolls already). With tax, minus any drink and minus the $1 tip that I felt obliged to add since there was a tip section on the docket, the total was $13.12. I already mentioned that they've hiked their prices from the outdated menu that I got a few months ago, but I took another look at what I got and I'm not impressed at all with the value for money.Let's break it down. Shredded lettuce, shredded carrots, a half teaspoon of ground peanut with half as much again of finely chopped fried onion, a good amount of noodles (maybe even 20c worth), and a container of extremely watered down liquid - maybe 100 parts water to 1 part sweet and sour sauce? It's not a dip and not a sauce, just something to wet down the noodles with. Maybe 2 slices of julienned cucumber, and their soy protein. Took a photo. Compare today's pic with the first one I took of the same dish. There's even less soy protein now, barely enough for two mouthfuls, and a couple of fried rolls the length and width of my extended middle finger. I'm not sure how expensive soy protein itself is but thirteen spondooliks for that is twice as much as it is worth in terms of raw ingredients, far as I'm concerned.The place is still clean. The service is still okay. Servers and counter folk are still very polite. Still conveniently located near my work. Still has Super Master on the telly. Still has a posterboard near the counter with bizarre letters and postcards from people verbally flagellating their pudendae about how awesome the place is, and the food is still tasty. Just woefully, WOEFULLY overpriced. This same syndrome exists at Tandoori Times II. I'd eat there AND here three times as often if only they delivered an amount of their food which matches the exorbitant prices they charge.Am I all about quantity over quality? Hell no. We're talking about a guy who paid over fourteen bucks for a small cube of fois gras on a 2" square bit of bread w/apricot compote, spent the next thirty minutes drooling over it and the next two years daydreaming about it. We're talking about a guy who just ate mostly lettuce and noodles and got charged twice the price of a lunch almost anywhere else in the local area, except for places like Claim Jumper or Olive Garden. Do I think 2 stars are appropriate a rating? Yelp classifies that as "Meh. I've experienced better." So, yes.Even if you're a vegetarian, avoid this place. Save your cash. Go to Safeway. Buy a pack of noodles for a buck. Buy a whole lettuce for a buck. Buy carrots for.. you get the general idea. Buy some frozen edamame, mash it all up, squirt a bit of soy and worcester on it, form it into mint-patty-shaped discs and grill. I'm betting that'll be the same nutrition/protein and color as what their stuff is. Just pass on dining at this joint like I will be.I thought about posting this review for a while. The tipping point was the tiny gnat that I noticed on a piece of lettuce and would have eaten had I not been hunched close over the meal in my cubicle. Could have flown into the container, through the plastic bag etc, on the way out to the car, on the way back to the office, on the way INTO the office from the car. Or could have landed during food prep. I spent the next five minutes visually analysing the rest of the food before realising that there could be more gnats in the fried rolls where I'd have no hope of noticing them. Shrug.
4	their smoothies are divine and any soup there is delicious!
2	My recently turned-vegan husband and I tried out LH a few weeks ago.  He had the lemongrass "chicken" thing and I had "beef" and broccoli as recommended by other Yelpers.  Neither was spectacularly tasty or memorable.  In fact, the more we thought on it, the less we liked it.  I think the issue with the dishes we ordered was that they were made with meat analogs and were trying too hard to taste like their real meat counterparts.  I suppose this is part of the Supreme Master's plan to convert meat-loving customers into happy vegans, but honestly, my husband and I already are accustomed to eating vegan food.  We're okay with stuff that looks like compost or doesn't have TVP in it.  Really!  So, skip the fakey meat and just cook good food -- not frozen propaganda nuggets.I also had the Happy Go Lucky drink and the Golden Rolls.  Those were the best parts of my meal, but we agreed that we'd probably not make the drive back over anytime soon.
5	I had the most wonderful meal tonight....highly recommend you try this place.  The staff was warm and friendly.  The prices are reasonable/fair.  I had the pate chaud, Golden vermicilli, cheese cake and a hot mumbai spirit.  I WILL be back for more!
2	I have been to The Loving Hut 3 times now, and everytime I wonder why it is that i'm going back.  The food is far too overpriced for what it is. Today I called to ask what the lunch special was, and was informed that it was sushi, wonton harmony, and blissful friend rice.  Great, thats what a lunch special usualy includes...small orders of a few different items.  Nope, when i called back to order this special, i was told I was to choose one of the 3, not that i get all 3.  So I ordered the Blissful Fried Rice. When I went in to pick it up, it was ready and thats always a plus to not have to wait on an order that was called in 20 minutes prior.  I then ordered a Mumbai Spirit, or hot chai, and my total came to $10, and I left $1 tip.  When the cashier made my drink she poured a pre-made chai mix into a steaming pot, steamed it for a solid 4 seconds and poured it into what looked like it should be a childs cup, or water cup at any other place.  When she handed me the drink it felt like there was nothing in the cup but foam, and the paper it was made out of.  I opened it up to find that my childs size cup was only filled half way, and i asked her if I could have her fill the cup as I paid $3 for this drink. She told me thats how much you get if you eat in, therefor thats how much i get it if i take it to go.So to round out my LAST experience at The Loving Hut, I paid $6 for a small container of rice with some bits of carrots, peas, tofu, and cilantro. I would say this order cost them a solid $0.75 to make, and my pre-made 3 1/2 sips of chai that was steamed to a foamy perfection, was maybe $0.40 because of the waste of paper cup. I REALLY wanted to be able to love this place and eat here often, as there are next to no vegetarian or vegan places around, but for the price I will happily go somewhere else like Mellow Mushroom, who have a few tofu, tempeh, and veggie items, and be able to pay the same prices for food that is delicous.
4	I am not a vegetarian but I enjoy vegetarian/vegan food on occasion. I have seen this place for a while and never made it in. I went for the first tme recently and the food was excellent!! I definitely didnt feel like I was eating vegan food. The prices were great and the service was decent. The only thing that wasnt my style was that the tv only shows the leader of their cult talking about their beliefs. However, this really didnt affect me at all because I went with friends and didnt really watch the tv. Due to the nice atmosphere, the awesome prices and delicius food - I will definitely be returning.
4	I love to eat healthy. (even though i do eat meat) i still thought this place was pretty amazing my boyfriend (another meat eater) and i have decided to make it our regular place :)
4	GREAT food! you know its a good vegan place when your non-veg friends like it enough to go back. everything looked and tasted delicious, packed with flavor! prices are extremely good for the quality and portions of the food. cant complain if you can leave feeling completely stuffed (i eat alot) for about $10.advice: might want to avoid friday night dinner rush...it was pretty slammed, and my girlfriend didnt even get her drink until AFTER the meal, about 20 mins after ordering said drink.
4	Delicious, decently priced vegan food. Now that they've taken down the Supreme Master TV broadcast the joint is even classier.
5	Being from Veggie Capital of the planet... Aka  Portland, Or....  I got serious props for this place.  Great food, lots of selection and a very smiley happy crew here.yea it was awesome!!
4	I dabble in vegetarianism/veganism here and there, and this place is awesome.  This is a great restaurant for people who are not vegans/vegetarians and want to try it, or think vegan food is "weird" (in the words of a friend).  Everything here is flavored so well, and the dishes are delicious. I love all the apps, and have tried several of the entrees and thought they were all pretty good. They also have a fabulous selection of creative drinks. I hope this place sticks around for a long time, since it never seems to be busy when I go. The staff is very open and friendly and knowledgeable about the food, so never hesitate to ask if you're unsure about something!
3	Every encounter I've had with vegetarian/vegan food has ended in two ways: (1) "Ugggh, how do people eat this stuff?!" or (2) "Holy hat seller, this stuff is amazing! I'm gonna convert to veganism!!"Where did Loving Hut place? #2, hooray! Yes, the food here is actually quite delicious and colorful and fun and healthy and everything it claims to be! We ordered the spicy cha cha and BBQ baguette. The spicy cha cha was veggie-based protein with sliced and diced bell peppers, tomatoes, some onions, and lettuce. It had a good kalamari-like texture with a crispy outside and a chewy (but not frustratingly so) inside. And the bell peppers gave it a good complimentary heat.The BBQ baguette was essentially a Vietnamese banh mi imitation except they added a couple of untraditional things like a lil tomato slice, mushrooms, and a generous slathering of "veganaise" (some kind of vegan sauce?). And yes, while it was delicious, it can't stand up to a real Vietnamese banh mi sandwich. However, I did very much appreciate the presence of pickled carrots and daikon which makes it much more authentic.I had one of their specialty drinks: the sunny forest, a concoction of orange juice, zesty flower petals, mint, and sparkling water. But somehow, the citrus is completely drowned out by an overpowering sweetness, as if they dumped several spoonfuls of sugar into the mix. Not very appetizing.So why 3 stars if the food is good? The price. There's no way I can justify the prices here. The portions are criminally small. A small plate of food will average $6-8. You can take that same amount of money, go to a Panda Express, and get 2-3 times as much food. So be wary of dining here often as it may lead to your declaring bankruptcy! hahaha jk. But seriously...The end! =)
5	I am the total opposite of a vegan/vegetarian, but, OMG! The food here is delicious. I had the golden nuggets and the Spicy Cha-Cha and both were yummy! I will most definitely be coming back.
1	I was sold on loving hut until I recently discovered they don't even use organic vegetables!!!!! All the glitz and glamour of "saving the planet" "going green" and advocating forks over knives but they use the cheap pesticide filled veggies everybody else does or possibly worse;GMO! It is a sham! I just assumed they would be organic since thats what being vegan and healthy is all about but it's just more tricks from a business trying to turn a profit from people looking for healthy alternatives. Just call and ask and they will tell you they don't use organic!!! UNACCEPTABLE
5	This was a VERY PLEASANT surprise.  The food was phenomenal and the service was excellent.  I had never been to an all vegetarian restaurant let alone a vegan.  My lunch companion is a vegetarian and she had nothing but praise for this place.  We shared the 'Spicy Cha Cha' and the 'Sweet & Sour Devine'.  One word ... YUMM-O for both.  We left saying that we had to return SOON.
5	My absolute favorite restaurant to date.  Good vegan food.  Fast service.  No pretense.  You just know you're going to walk away feeling good about your food choices and healthier for it.  Highly recommended to any and all.  You don't have to be vegan or vegetarian to enjoy this good food.
5	Excellent, excellent, excellent. It's so great to have a restaurant that is 100% vegan so that you have no worries of making the wrong choice.  The good thing is you could take anyone there and they'd be happy.  They would have no idea it's vegan.  In addition, depending on the location you have many choices to choose from ranging from Asian inspiration to burgers and fries.I had a Pink Lady drink which was very tasty.  For our main course we each chose the Hawaiian burger with fries.  Unknowingly we also receive soup as an appetizer.  Both items we FANTASTIC. Highly recommend.
4	I used to frequent the Loving Hut back when it was called the 'Vegetarian House' on Indian School. It changed its name several years ago, but I still remember it as one of the only vegan options in Phoenix back in the day. This was my first visit to the Union Hills location and I brought my mom and my two younger brothers. We were a bit confused about ordering -- as you have to come up to the counter to place your order. Once that was out of the way -- we were very pleased with our visit.We ordered:Spring rolls appetizer Fabulous phochili burgerblissful fried riceThe food is delicious and the menu is great as it shows pictures of every item. They even have a freezer full of faux meats to take home and try out. Everyone complains about the Chinese propaganda on the televisions in there, but I think it adds to the experience. Definitely worth a try if you are vegetarian, vegan, or are interested in introducing your family (even kids) to healthy meat-free food.
5	What a great Vegetarian restaurant.  Food is fantastic, clean and neat atmosphere.  Servers are polite.  Menu has a huge selection.  I recommend this too all Vegetarians, and if you aren't, try it any way because you will love the food!
5	We really love the food here. While we tried a bunch of the menu and loved every dish so far, we especially like the big bowl menu items(ie soups, curries, etc.). They are very tasty/filling. They also have rotating lunch special items that are very reasonably priced/generous in serving size. Staff is very friendly. Highly Recommended!!
4	I have to admit: I am impressed.I have been to a few vegan-only-menu restaurants and I was... underwhelmed. Nothing against the raw food movement, but unless it is a raw-specific place, I expect more creativity. Show me what food can do, be, taste like. Don't just cut it up and toss it on a plate.Four of us came in to eat on a Saturday and the place was PACKED. A good sign, surely, AND it was a really great mix of demographics: young and old, many nationalities, singles, couples, families... we liked that it had a wide appeal.The place smelled fantastic, too, so we started perusing the menu long before we had a table to sit at. We waited about ten minutes for a table. It's a bit like a cafeteria in that you order and pay at the counter, and the food is brought to your table.While we waited we were given a bowl of the "house soup" which, basically, was warm carrot water with a piece of carrot or two and some tiny, tiny mushrooms. We all agreed that it needed more of a broth flavor (more types of veg? more mushrooms?), but it was tasty enough and definitely whet our appetites for more.The spring rolls were really good but needed more. As we removed the peanuts for my friend, I "blame" this on us... I will have to have them with the peanuts next time.The crispy rolls were spiced and savory and light and perfectly crispy. My favorite had to be the Pate Chaude. Flaky, savory with a bite from a wonderful combination of spices, and a meatiness from the mushrooms that made us think a die-hard carnivore in our lives may not miss the meat if he were to eat it. THE dish of the day, hands down.The curries were a bit bland (Save-Planet and Divine Curry Noodles). They were fine, OK, but nothing that made us think we'd come just for that. Much better elsewhere.The Gracious Spicy Noodle soup was really tasty but it needed a tad more spice. With spicy in the name, we expected more. Some stuff is pretty basic: the sushi rolls are basic veggie sushi rolls. The rainbow salad is a tasty but commonplace cabbage and carrot slaw. The fried rice was fried rice. All yummy, all fine to eat, but nothing spectacular, different, or altogether exciting. Basic isn't bad.Four stars for the surprising and amazing pate chaude and the rolls, for sure. Ideally, 3.5 stars this trip, but I rounded up for the good parts. Couldn't go five stars for two reasons: too many items were just basic and the service is slooooooooow. 20+ minutes for fried rice (that we had to ask about)? 25+ minutes for some soup? It was a crap shoot as to what was going to be delivered and when. While they were swamped when we came in, the crowd was thinning out for their afternoon down time (they close from 3p-5p). Overall, our lunch took over 2 hours, most of it waiting on dishes to come out. No bueno if you have other plans that day.So... tasty, some major standouts, some "meh, I've had this before." We *WILL* absolutely go back to give the menu more of a chance to wow us; the ones that knocked us off our feet are worth the return. (Hopefully it's delivered a little faster this time!).
2	I had such high hopes. I wanted a celebration of vegetables, in all of their glory! But all we got was fake-meat-product and oddly pie-eyed cultiness....We have been driving by "Loving Hut" since we moved into the area, and since I was once vegan and am more more of a vegetarian, I have been hopelessly seeking some good veggie options for eating out. Unfortunately, this was not it. First off, I am sure that I am not the first person to say this, but,fake meat product, in any form, is gross. It might look meat-like, but it is not meat-like in the taste department. I have never met anyone that was swayed into not eating meat by the introduction of meat-imitation. Just sayin'. Speaking of being swayed: I felt like "Loving Hut" is a little cultish. There were video monitors with a show or channel called "Master" somethingrather and the two women talking on it were also in pictures and books all around the restaurant. Us non-meat-eaters already get a bad rap for being culty and pushy when we talk about our dietary choices (which, duh, you should be abiding by too) and I felt like that vibe was totally perpetuated in this place. As far as the food goes, it was, eh, ok. OK at best, mind you. I think that had there been NO fake meats in just about everything on the menu it would have been a different story... Maybe. We were served little soups before our meal which were tasty (but I had ordered the Pho, so I was like on soup-overload by the end of it all), the broth was yumtown. We also got some spring rolls which were non traditional, but pretty good. Same veggies as were in the mini soup, for a veggie place I exprected more variety I guess. My  husband got tons of fake meat product (one was fried and it tasted like fried, so duh it was good). It was pretty in there, too. But the cultishness eeked the decor up to creep level 9, by the time we left. Summize to say, I am still in search of a veggie friendly restaurant,
5	I LOVED this place! I have been a vegetarian for over 7 years and this was my first time going to an all-vegetarian/vegan restaurant.  It's so amazing being able to order anything off of the menu.  The menu is full of different types of meat substitutes which is great, not just vegetables on a plate.  Everything was delicious, I can't wait to go back and try everything off of the menu.
5	Loving Hut is my absolute favorite restaurant. I have taken several of my non-vegan/vegetarian friends & family members and they actually liked it! My favorite is the Hawaiian burger. I have tried multiple dishes, desserts, and drinks and I have no complaints. The only draw back is that they have peanuts in many dishes and my son has a severe allergy to all nuts so he is unable to dine there.The atmosphere is calming and the employees are great! I would suggest this restaurant to anyone and everyone...and I have!!
5	Great Vegan food. Well priced and nice staff. Very impressed.They even have Vegan Hot Dogs It's very clean ..I definitely recommend it.
5	Omg, Loving Hut, you are so delicious!! You need to be next to my house, feeding me all the things on your menu all the time!! Yes, I would be the size of a house! No, I do not care!Oh, hey there, Yelp reader....Everything is vegan. You must know this up front. That means: NO meat, NO dairy, NO animal products. You must not be like my Dad and repeatedly say, 'This isn't a burger! There's no MEAT in it!' No, Dad, you knew this going in. Stop it, you're embarrassing me.Don't be that guy.That said: the menu is huge. American food (burgers, spaghetti (wait, that might be considered Italian), chicken nuggets); Chinese food (chow mein, sweet and sour tofu, miso soup); Indian food (curry and whatnot). Lots of stuff. I can't remember it all! Go look at their menu online; they have PICTURES!I've been to the Loving Hut in San Francisco, so I know this stuff is good. This time I got the curry fried rice (Guru Rice I think it was called?). Spicy and delicious, just like I like it! Sprinkled with small chunks of tofu. I would have preferred larger chunks, but that's just me.My Dad got brown rice because he is a big baby. He liked it.My boyfriend got the sweet and sour tofu, and he LOVED it. He said it was the perfect combination of sweet and sour, but it leaned more sweet (which he prefers).My Mom was sadly disappointed by her Buddy Burger-- she said it was too chewy. She did, however, love the 'Golden Nuggets' (aka 'chicken' nuggets) w/ sweet ketchup, and she loved her french fries. I tried the french fries-- personally, I recommend you add some more salt, but again, that's just me.The prices are reasonable-- $5.50 for Mom's burger and $7.50 for my fried rice dish. The portions are big, in my opinion, so I found the prices fair. I even have leftovers!Grab a menu when you come in, choose what you'd like, go to the front counter and order what you want by number (each meal is numbered). If you can't decide, like me, go with something that has a heart-shape next to it-- that means it's a House Favorite and you practically can't go wrong!Loving Hut prefers you pay in cash (they have an explanation for it, read it if you want), but they absolutely accept credit and debit cards.This location is on the corner of 35th Ave. and Union Hills, at the very end of the row closest to 35th Ave.I'm a vegetarian, wannabe vegan, and my Mom is a vegetarian as well. However, my Dad and his prejudices aside, this IS a place you can take your non-veggie friends and family to as well. The layout is clean and it's not like it shoves vegetarianism down your throat (that might not be the best analogy...). You know what I mean. Don't be afraid to bring your non-veggie friends to this place, that's all I'm saying. :)
5	Love this place! Great vegan food, even for people that aren't vegan!
2	Usually I love this place but today changed my mind. Spring rolls are stil delicious but the rainbow salad was horrible (dressing was a bland vinegar and the soy ham was deep-fried and tasted like fish). I also only had 5 tiny strips of soy ham no bigger than a half a chopstick. When I called to ask to come back n be refunded or exchange I was told no seeing as there was nothing wrong with it. Bad customer service. Unfortunately wont be returning here. Offically unimpressed.
5	Loving the Loving Hut, is that redundant?  Who knew vegan could be so good?I'm not a vegan or even a vegetarian, I just like food, and the dishes here could almost make me consider changing my meat eating ways.I love the Mongolian Wonder,  Spicy Pad Thai, and the Golden  Delight, a lemongrass 'chikn'.  Then there is the broth they give you at the start of the meal, it's a light and flavorful broth with a few vegetables  and a  little tofu in it, so simple yet oh so tasty.The atmosphere is so relaxing and you feel better having eaten a meal here. I can't wait to get back to the valley and try something else on their extensive menu.
4	Attention vegans, you can eat it all. Everything on the menu. No meat, eggs, or dairy, however I bet cows did help make the fertilizer that was used to grow everything.The hardest part is deciding what to order. Usually a menu has one two veggie options not 20+.  The menu has a few different areas, one has dinner food, like chili dogs and burgers. The other has Asian food and a touch of Indian. There are also appetizers that also seem skewed Asian and there are soups. The ambiance is a bit lacking, bright and very white bland would be the best way to inside, you order at a counter and they will bring you your food.We started with a mock fried shrimp with peppers (cha cha) its a was great however it was hard to get the two items in to your mouth at the same time. The spring rolls were nothing special. The veggie pho` was decent.
3	This isn't food, one might hear said in reference to veggie/vegan restaurants; this is what food eats. Not the case for the Loving Hut. Clean, attractive surroundings, friendly and professional staff, and delicious food, at least the first time around. My wife and I stopped in for lunch, and found the fare delicious, four or even five star standard. Not so lucky a week or so later, when we came in for dinner and ordered virtually the same things - two star at best. Different chef on duty, perhaps? Bummer - bitter are the expectations that, once established, are unmet. We'll give it another try, though - perhaps the second experience was the aberration.
3	Interesting crowd of people, weird decor and too many peace/love/save the animals propaganda everywhere. I ordered the golden rolls which were very tasty as an appetizer. For entree, I ordered the Save the Planet Curry. It was gross. It was lukewarm, claimed to have tofu which I pretty much found 2 pieces and the curry taste was very very bland. Its scary when you can't decipher what is what in your curry "soup" because it all is covered in the lukewarm yellow "curry" sauce. I was really craving curry and this didn't help. Do not order the bread, order rice because otherwise you have no substance for a meal except a small piece of indian bread. My girlfriend ordered the hawaiian burger which was a lot better than mine and Im the vegan and this place is supposed to be known for their ethnic food??? The menu has a lot to offer but either their photos don't do justice or the descriptions of the food isn't very appealing. Not sure when i'll come back since nothing on the menu stood out to me or looked "amazing." Half their desserts weren't available, so I ended up with the chocolate cake which was dry.
3	Disclaimer: I am not a vegan or a vegetarian.  But I do love eating vegetarian every once in a while.That being said, this place is not bad.  I think that its a little weird that they make soy/plant protein look like meat, I'd prefer just tofu rather than a weird textured, processed protein patty.  My girlfriend's eggplant was delicious.  I got a combo that came with a stir-fry and a fried protein patty.  The stir fry was good, but the protein patty really had a weird texture to it.  However, none of the food had anything on the chai tea.  Freaking delicious.  I've been looking for a good chai tea since I moved here from Texas, and this place knows how to make a good chai.  Most of the chai you get around here is in a latte form (too sweet and not enough spice).  It was a little on the expensive side $3 (I think), but I would come back just for the Chai.
2	If you're vegetarian or vegan because you like eating vegetables, unfortunately this is not the place for you. This place offers "mock meat" with very few veggies. Some things, like the Hawaiian burger, are good. But I don't feel very good after a meal without fresh veggies or fruit.I do enjoy the drinks, though (Pink Lady has rose petals on top!), and I also like watching the other diners laughing at the cult-TV channel.
5	I don't know what it is about this place but I love it here. Even better, it's close to the West Valley where the rest of my favorite places that are vegan friendly are further south. The people who work here have a sense of humor and a always welcoming. The television program can be a bit much sometimes while eating but it's never stopped me from showing up. I tend to lean toward the orange chicken and tea and the portions are perfect. I have mostly taken meat eaters here and they were all pleasantly surprised and have even gone back with me when getting them to go to other vegan/veg friendly places has been a challenge.
4	What a fun place. I really enjoyed the experience. I am not sure I was that crazy about the food but that was through no faulty of the restaurant. I ordered a veg dish and a crepe type of french naming Empanada thing. Sorry forgot the name. It was stuffed with carrots and other veggies. ( that dish, by the way, was awesomely delish.) My veggies were overcooked and a little slimy but it still tasted okay. Since I am not a veggie maybe it should have come that way. I just can't eat the soy or fake meat so I did not order any of those types of dishes. I have to admit their menu is extensive with tons of choices. I guess I will have to go back for the Hawaiian burger, I see. I almost ordered that.  Everyone on here is saying it is delish. The server/owner??She is a Dearheart for sure. 4 stars from me. Three for the food. I would go back.
5	The service is amazing. The soups are made with heart and soul! Especially the pho, which is always hot and very fresh. The place is very clean and the staff incredibly friendly and helpful.
5	You might think there is nothing on the menu at this quaint little vegan restaurant that children would go for.  Depending on how picky your kids are, you may be right.  My kids will eat plain white rice, spaghetti with sauce and french fries, though.This was my second visit.  I took my nearly 4 year old with me.  She likes the soup, ate spring rolls, pasta and had a smoothie.  I had a pleasant vegan lunch.The people here are always friendly and calm - there's no feeling like you have to race through your meal so they can get the table back.  That being said, this isn't fast food so you do have to wait for it and I haven't tried the takeout so I don't know if you could eat and be out in 30 minutes.They prefer if you pay in cash - I was thanked specifically for it today.  You order at the register and pay and they bring the food to your table.There are a lot of vegan/vegetarian promotion signs, books, etc here so if you are bringing a meat eater who would be offended by the "propaganda" be aware of that.  Personally, I think if they are willing to try a vegan restaurant in the first place they won't be too upset about it.The food is good, but I prefer the non-meat-substitute entrees like pad Thai and Spring Rolls over the "burgers."
2	Loving Hut is ok.   Great that they care.  Their heart is in the right place.  Food is average - frequently processed and over-salted.  Nice atmosphere.
5	Loving Hut is one of our families favorite places for lunch or dinner.  The staff has been very friendly.  My favorite are the fresh juices and the curry.
4	I'm vegan so naturally I love this place! Such great flavours, and nice service. Only problem was the cheesecake I ordered tasted well.... vegan. I've had other vegan cheesecakes that tasted far better, but the carrot cake slice made up for it! This place hits the spot vegan or not!
5	awesome place
2	I had the eggplant dish with vermicelli noodles. Wife had the chow mien.  Both items were greasy and lacking in flavor. Sad, I had high hopes after seeing the reviews. Disclaimer: I am not sure it makes a difference; I am neither vegan or vegetarian.
5	My nephew had a heart attack when he found out what he was eating wasn't meat. Lolz. I told my sister not to say anything. Watching him eat was simply joy. Hehe. So........ when I told him. He was like "whatttttttttttt? What is soy auntie". Haha. :) need the less to say, he killed his bbq chicken with white rice. Yummm. He said he wants to come back and try the hot dog. Haha kids.The sauce to the spring roll was delicious!!!! I'll have that again. Oh, and their chicken nuggets too. Yummmmm.  Those are my faveee. I always get that.I must rave about the spicy tofu pad thai. Omg. It was just beautiful.  Heaven in your mouth,  :))) I love how lemony and spicy it was  I WILL COME BACKKKK!!!!!
4	Wonderful atmosphere, friendly staff. The food is vegan, but even meat-lovers will enjoy their fresh, unique, and beautifully presented dishes. I can't say enough about how special this restaurant is. I like the golden wontons, spring rolls, wanton harmony soup, save planet curry, guru fried rice, golden rolls. The Indian bread is not served for Guru fried rice. The bread served here was just like a breakfast roll. The food is good, restaurant is clean and staffs are friendly.
5	The best friend is a vegetarian and suggested we try this spot for our girls night.  Of course picking a place with no alcohol is usually not advised, but hey, we're trying! Since my friend had been here before I got the same thing as her: the golden bowl.  So so so good!  It's so many yummy unique ingredients that you can't stop eating it.  The golden rolls are delicious!  I will for sure be telling people about this great place.  I loved the reasonable prices and I saw so many neat things on the menu I would like to try.
5	Great place for vegan food.offers wide variety from asian to american to vietnamese dishes at a very affordable price of about $7-$10/main dish. Tried the following:1) Gracious spicy noodleVery delicious vietnamese styled spicy noodle. Liked the spicy vegetable soup base the best. Generous servings of soy protetin and veggies. Amazing soup noodles!2) Golden BBQ vermicelliGreat combination of golden rolls with Vietnamese style vermicelli. The homemade sauce gave the dish most of its flavour. What a satisfying dish! 3) Sweet and Sour DivineKind of a low point. The soy protein was a little too tough for my liking.and the serving was a little smaller than normal servings I'd expect.Overall a plus for loving hut and I am sure to return to try out the other dishes. Great place for vegan lovers even though I am not fully vegan myself!
4	This place does a great job with vegan food. My ONLY issue is the large amount of sugar they use in many of their recipes. I would eat there regularly if the all the sauces and dressings were not loaded with all that sugar.
4	I was eager to try this place. My husband is a meat and potatoes kind of guy, but I convinced him to come along. I was still worried, though--I wanted him to like his food. The propaganda aspect worried me a little but it wasn't that bothersome. The TVs are at a very low volume.I advised him to get the #44 Mongolian Wonder because of the Yelp reviews. I ordered the #55 Phoenix Leisure. Our two cups of water and broth soon came out. The broth appetizer was quite good.The food soon followed. It smelled great and the proportions weren't bad at all; it looked exactly as depicted on the menu. Looking at other tables, the soup bowls are enormous, too. My husband was pleasantly surprised by his food. He said the texture was a little off of beef but it was good. He ate it all without any complaint, and I gave him most of my brown rice, too.My dish was good, too. The rainbow salad wasn't anything spectacular but it WAS much better than the side salads you get at most other restaurants. It had a great crunch and the colors were pretty. The protein was excellent; sauce had excellent savory flavor. The vegetables were perfectly cooked--crispy, not mushy. The brown rice was perfectly steamed.If this restaurant was closer to where I lived, I'd probably visit on a regular basis. There are a number of other things on the menu I'd love to try.
5	Always fresh and everyone is so helpful, especially ff you are not sure what you want to try.  I love love love No. 36 - BBQ Noodles.  The veggies are so fresh and never wilted.  The ginger vinegar sauce is also fresh.  Must try!!!
5	I have been here a few times and each time I've had a stellar meal. I came here a few days ago with my boyfriend and got the spring rolls and spicy Pad Thai. Everything we had was soooooo tasty. I love that you get a little bowl of soup at the beginning of the meal. The spring rolls are fried and have a wonderful dipping sauce. The vegetables inside tasted great. My spicy Pad Thai was amazing. The heat was just right and the noodles were cooked perfectly. The food was so good we both said we could eat here every day. The staff was super attentive and friendly. If you're in the mood for great vegan food or you want to try out vegan food this place will now disappoint!
5	To say that I was floored by the Loving Hut would be an understatement.  I had the Save the World Curry (which was essentially a yellow curry) and it was AMAZING!.  My friend and I also drank the green tea: it was so clean and fresh and authentic.  The service was friendly and attentive.  As someone who is not vegan, I was impressed by the pleasant flavor and texture of the food: I didn't miss the meat at all.  I can't wait to go back!
4	I had the spicy veggie wrap with green tea.  The wrap had good flavor and the tea was light and delicious.   I also bought some vegetarian bacon to try.  I think the wrap could have used some kind of veggie cheese as it was a little vinegar-like for my taste buds, but I did like it.  There was a mix of great vegetables and a slight spice came through but also a sweet twang was in it that I didn't like.  Anyway, the ingredients are high quality and I have been here many times for delicious healthy food.  Next time I'll go back to my usual fried items and curries.  This place is great!
5	Loving Hut is adorable! The name in and of itself just screams it. When you enter, you look at a menu, decide what you want, and go up to the cashier and order. They encourage you to pay with cash to keep food costs low. They have a variety of food items, all of which of course are vegan. Non-vegans, I encourage you to try this place, because they do not skimp out on flavor! I tried the Vietnamese sandwich and it really tasted like barbeque! They also have very yummy and interesting drinks. When we sat down they gave us complimentary soup before our ordered entrees! I was pleasantly surprised by Loving Hut and plan on visiting again!
5	I gave up meat on Friday's for lent. My first time to loving hut and had spicy pad thai. I really liked it. Service was nice too. I'll be back
5	Guru Fried Rice, delicious. Pate chaud, delicious. Pad Thai, delicious. Everything here is great tasting and cruelty free. The only things I haven't really tried are the vegan American foods such as the hotdogs and spaghetti. Mainly because the Asian inspired are more waft they are known for. My mom also bought the soup broth packet from their market section and it came out wonderful tasting. Just throw in your favorite veggies and you're good to go!
4	Tried it couple weeks ago and even went back soon after!  Impressed with the variety of vegan entrees the menu offers (chili dogs!) the food is great and the curry is a stand out. The staff was very helpful on both occasions despite a steady group of diners while we were there. My one complaint is regarding the two TV's in the dining area. On each occasion they were showing an international QVC like channel. Culture is an amazing thing yet couldn't one tv have a more familiar show?
5	VERY GOOD.  The owner always comes over and chats with us and the staff is always so sweet.  I'm vegan, and it's great when I'm craving something that resembles the way I used to eat (i.e. hot dog and french fries).  Their Mumbai Chai is AWESOME and we haven't had a bad thing on the menu yet - and we've tried a lot.  Plus the prices are very fair!  Love it!
5	Okay, after having their homemade Sweet & Sour Dish, their Pho, Hawaiian Burger & Fries, and Lemongrass Ice Tea... I'm convinced this place has the best quality vegan food in Phoenix/North Phoenix. Great price, convenient location, friendly staff & management! Always excited to come back!
5	There's something for everyone at Loving Hut!From Burgers, Hotdogs and Fries to Stir Fry, Chinese, and a wide variety of rice/noodle dishes. Everything I've tried is incredible, flavorful, healthy, and cruelty-free! The.benefits are endless and to have a local hot spot like 'Loving Hut' in the area it is in, is a blessing!Recommended items: Hawaiian BurgerSpaghettiWontonsPhoSweet & Sour DivineAnd any of their stir fry rice dishes!
4	Everything is great but they just need either more staff or faster service! The wait is too long, especially if you Are on work lunch...
3	Good place for vegetarian food.   I had a veggie burger which was very good.   My daughter had somekind of Hawaiian dish made with imitation chicken that was awful.   Tasted like it came from the frozen food section of a supermarket.   She left it   This place is hit or miss.   The staff os friendly and the place clean.  They need to change their display of t shirts.   They look like they have been hanging there too long.    I might or might not go back.    Good concept though.
4	Being vegetarian I have been to Loving Hut many times.  The food and the atmosphere are great.  Service is always fast and friendly.
5	I love this place -- we eat here about once a week.  I'm not a huge fan of fake meat, so I stick mainly to the tofu dishes, but I love the Rainbow Salad, the Veggie Tofu Delight, the spring rolls, the curry soups, and the Kung Pao. In fact, the only thing I ever had here that I wasn't wild about was the eggplant dish. My husband isn't even vegan and he loves it here, too. The place is clean, the staff is awesome, and the food rocks.
3	Ventured here on a weekday night to test out the vegetarian / vegan food.We had the spring rolls- it was not that good, just average. Have had much better. Needed to use a lot of sauce to give it a taste.Mumbai ice tea was pretty good!Pad thai- solid, but the noodles were not tasty. However, they used a lot of carrots and other vegetables. Soy meat noodles - something like a brocoli and beef but the vegetarian style. pretty solid. seemed fresh.We came about 30 minutes before closing time but while we were eating the server asked us to take our dishes. made us feel unwelcome and rushed. that was not very professional.
5	Really delightful little restaurant.  The chai tea tastes like perfume for the mouth. Flavors I have never experienced before. Highly recommend, very clean and the staff was exceptionally pleasant. I hope this place is appreciated for its flavorful healthy food.
5	Loving Hut has delicious fresh vegan meals.  Clean friendly atmosphere and staff. One of my all time favorites.
4	I am a big fan of this place!.  Great food options for a Lactose Intolerant person.  Plus I can go with my dad who is Vegan.  I love the Gracious Spicy Noodles (VEGAN PHO!!!)  I also like the Divine Curry Noodles.  The tea's are all great.  Nothing but great things to say about Loving Hut's food.
5	I can't believe a place this delicious actually exists. Everything I ate and drank here resulted in pure euphoria. I'll be back.
4	My wife and have been here a couple of times. It's always clean, and usually pretty quiet. They have a pitcher of orange infused water at the counter. And sometimes they have their homemade (vegan, obviously) jerky for sale. Man, I wish I had known it's not always available! It is soooo good. I think they have a pretty decent selection, it's exciting to be able to order anything off the menu. It's no Native Foods (why isn't there a Native Foods in Phoenix??). The service has always been great. Not the fastest, but I expect that. But very friendly and welcoming. The golden nuggets are 'eh'. They're not awful, but I've had better. I'll order them again though. The buddy burger is yummy. My wife is in love with the golden bbq vermicelli noodle dish. We tried the pandan cake, delicious. I definitely recommend if you're in the area and craving vegan food. I've never taken a meat-eater here, not sure how that would go over.
4	Cool place
4	Came here with my brother on a recent trip to Phoenix.  This is a medium sized restaurant.  You order at the counter and your food/drinks are brought to you by servers.  We arrived to find quite a long line of patrons.  The staff was definitely on it but getting our order placed and then served took longer than I would have expected.  We did get a free order of spring rolls while we waited since the staff knew that it would be awhile till we got our food.  I ordered the pho, which the attendant at the counter said was her mother's recipe.  The chunks of veggies were pretty large, like a whole stalk of bok choy, but I felt that it was a relatively small serving with a scant amount of veggies and tofu.  I am used to being served a plate of fresh basil and sprouts with pho, but there were none of the traditional condiments served as extra.  It was good, but some sriracha sauce and some basil and sprouts would have made this dish much better.  My brother had the Loving Hut Burger. He said it was OK but could have been more flavorful. The service was wonderful, the whole restaurant is very clean and bright and I liked the fact that it is healthy food, but I would have enjoyed more flavor from the vegan options that we chose.  I would come back to try different menu selections to see if something catches my fancy.
5	I I am blown away. I took two VERY nonvegan friends. They loved it and said theyd go again. The staff was EXTREMELY warm and willing to change around the dish I ordered to accomodate my raw vegan diet. They answered every question I had, how it was prepared and all the ingredients. Their name is accurate: they ARE loving. The food was delicious, fresh, and plated with intention. The rose drink "the pink lady" was actually the best drink ive ever had. As a chef and a raw vegan, I am incredibly appreciative of my entire experience and the clean, radiating pureness of the entire establishment.
4	I think this place is pretty great and offers a wonderful selection. I really enjoy their arigato sushi and bbq vermicelli noodle entree. When they have it available, their vegan jerky is amazing!
4	I am not a vegan or vegetarian, but health conscious when I can be. I loved the new foods and different flavors. If I can back, it would have to be without my husband since he was less than sold on the place.. Loved the flavored water!
5	The food is not only healthy but extremely flavorful. I ordered the spicy pad Thai and the spring rolls. Both were amazing. I ordered my pad Thai less spicy and it was perfect.  I also ordered the chrysanthemum tea, sent it back for the green tea that tasted much better.  I finished off with the chocolate cake. A little dry but very flavorful.  The only thing I would change is the order set up
5	Had lunch for the first time here today. We are not vegan but we really enjoyed the food here. Portion was larger than we expected. We are not used to eating tofu and soy protein but enjoyed the flavors and texture of the meal. The presentation was pretty and very appetizing. Food looks exactly like the picture on the menu. Don't forget to try the fresh juices as well. Yum! Service was friendly and quick. I won't even have to trick my husband in to coming back.
