5	Super cute shop! I don't care what diet you may be on it's impossible to walk into this shop and not buy something! I'm not huge a fan of baked goods, but I do have a sweet tooth and the moment I entered this shop I immediately wanted something sweet because of both the smell and the beautiful display of ornate desserts. I ordered two macaroons: one chocolate and one cappuccino, my partner opted for a vanilla cupcake with sprinkles and everything was delicious! I would absolutely visit this place again!
5	So happy to see another bakery replaced Dozen! I just love the rustic chic of A Sweet Boutique by Bella Christie and Lil' Z's! They have ridiculously delicious donuts made fresh each day! They have a large variety of sweets including vegan and gluten free options, which is so great because not many places carry dietary restriction items. They also offer sandwiches, soups, and salads. The chicken salad on a croissant is amazing, but they have made-to-order sandwiches so you can customize your own!
4	Super cute shoppe. Donuts were delicious (maple bacon was my favorite). They also have great GF options which I love to see. There were so many different treats to choose from it was hard to leave with just donuts. Can't wait to go back and try more treats!
4	You have to appreciate the whole vibe in here. Old reclaimed wood, with chocolate colored walls and beautiful crystal chandeliers. It almost is like it shouldn't go together, but it goes so well. I had heard they were serving lunch, so I wanted to check that out (along with something sweet of course), so I went with the Roast Beef sandwich. It was fresh and loaded with the good stuff. I definitely needed more mayo, but that's totally a given knowing me and my condiment obsession. I loved the bun too, as it wasn't too hard to bite into. The downstairs is like a sweet treat wonderland. With glitter. Lots of glitter. Did you know there's edible glitter? There is, and it's home base is here and I'm totally okay with that! So past the glitter is delicious looking treats in every nook and corner. From cakes, to cookies to bon bons and even ice cream sandwiches. It's really an oasis of opulence when it comes to desserts. I tried a doughboy, which is like a glazed donut and croissant. I love me a glazed donut, and was happy to see it wasn't so massive that you couldn't finish.The upstairs is surprsingly spacious, with more seating and even a cute little balcony. I found myself racking my brain for people I knew who needed a cute space for bridal showers or baby showers. It would be the perfect spot for a small party like that. And one thing's for sure, you'll be treated to something sweet!
5	We went to an event here today and tasted dozens of delicious things, but this is just about the macaroons that we bought on our way out. I had purchased some previously at a bakery in squirrel hill and was astounded by the price as well as the extremely mild flavor. These were the exact opposite. At a dollar each they were much more reasonably priced and the flavors!  Chocolate, vanilla, cappuccino, pistachio were all delicious. Strongly flavored and not too sweet, they were just what you expect with these delicate French pastries. However where I thought they really shined was with the lemon and the raspberry. Both were filled with curd - jam - jelly whatever you want to call it it was spectacular!  We will definitely be back. I am also very excited to hear that they do all kinds of desserts to order and do a lot of catering. I might have to create an event just for a cake!
4	I liked this little sweet shop!  I had the good fortune to be able to try a few things offered here.  The nitrogen station was my favorite.  Bananas chilled by nitrogen then dipped in chocolate.  The chocolate was then chilled and dipped in Carmel, then chilled again and served.  D-lish!  They also offered hot foods, drinks, and plenty of assorted sweets to chose from.  I enjoyed the bacon chocolate covered pretzel and lemon meringue served in a small champaign glass.  They also do fondant cakes and will travel with their stations for events!Thank you to Rachel and the yelp team and also the team at Bella Christies  for hosting!  Be sure to check this place out for all your sweet tooth needs!
5	I love little hidden gems, especially in cute trendy neighborhoods like Lawrenceville. This shop is just that and more! From interesting sweets to sandwiches, they have you covered! The shop itself is adorable. It's not that big, but they take advantage of the space to display their beautifully designed sweets. Everything is so intricate down to the trays and tables. They also have a second floor with some tables and chairs that leads out I to an outdoor balcony.The sweets are amazing! Everything that I tried was memorable! I tried the chocolate dipped Oreos on a stick, red velvet cake pops, chocolate covered pretzels with bacon and my favorite - the mini chocolate cupcakes that were decorated like the old Hostess cupcakes. It melted right it my mouth due to it's freshness and how rich it was. They also have a liquid nitrogen station. It was the first time I tried anything like it! You pick something like a fruit to have dipped into various toppings. In other words, I had a banana dipped in chocolate and peanut butter. After the dipping, they put it in this frozen ice bucket-thingy, and it freezes so there is no mess when you eat it! I didn't try any, but they also have sandwiches as well. From the menu descriptions, they all looked pretty tasty. Next time I have a party, I would most definitely pick up some fun treats from here rather than getting a boring of dozen of chocolate chip cookies from the grocery store.
5	What an adorable shop! While attending an event, I sampled several divine delights that would tempt even the stingiest dieters. It's not just about the taste in the food world, it's about the presentation! The wonderful women who run this now second location go above and beyond to make you love to look at what you are about to consume. I was so impressed by each item delicately placed for us, and the variety of samples for this event was remarkable. A novelty to try is definitely the fruit or marshmallows dipped in liquid nitrogen and covered with your selection of toppings. So cool! I loooooved the blackberry fig fried pie-my first bite contained an entire fig! What?! Unheard of. Lovely. Another attribute to foodie class of Lawrenceville. Oh! Wanted to mention that they have other food and coffee there, too. Check it out!
4	I'm very rarely a fan of bakeries. Things always look a million times more beautiful when they taste. Cupcakes are among the worst offenders, with more attention being paid to the frosting and the elaborate decorations than to the quality of the cupcake itself.I have to admit that this place left me feeling pleasantly surprised. We stopped in for a quick treat after having lunch down the street at Piccolo Forno. I was craving chocolate and their Ho Ho Cupcake caught my eye. Priced at $2.50, it was an easy risk to take.I tried the frosting first as the cupcake was weighted down under gads of the stuff. I was pleasantly surprised. The rich chocolate frosting was like a mix of fudge and butter cream. It wasn't too sweet, and was just chocolatey enough to leave me feeling pretty happy. The chocolate cupcake itself WAS a bit on the dry side...but it would almost have to be to hold up the weight of that frosting. The creme filling was a happy bonus.All in all, I'd go here again.
5	Just used a groupon for a dozen little donuts  and two coffees. The super friendly clerk went over all of the flavors for us (maple bacon, coconut, almond torte, pumpkin, blueberry, apple, and more!)She also told us that since it was Small Business Saturday that we could each enjoy a free fried treat. We both picked fried Oreos and they were very tasty.Only one suggestion, they are currently not open on Sunday and that would be great because we don't live in the neighborhood and would like a Sunday treat :)
4	I came in to this cute, little bakery for some delicious mini-donuts and left with more than I anticipated... specifically a free and freshly-made deep fried Oreo that made me completely forget it was only 10 o'clock in the morning. "Holy Moley is this good," I thought as I sat at the small table near the entrance.  Don't get me wrong, the assorted mini-donuts I purchased and ate afterwards were also very good, but they had some big shoes to fill at that point.Another highlight here was the service. The girl behind the counter was very friendly and personable, always a plus in my book. And no, I'm not just saying that because she completely satisfied my morning sweet tooth. Thank you for starting off my Saturday with a smile. :)
