5	We went for breakfast coffee & treats while visiting Montreal; I think it was their opening week. Everything was delicious and the almond croissant to die for!The owner lady (I think she's the owner) is so incredibly sweet, she let me take pictures, and even made the pastry chefs put out more pastries for the photo, so sweet & welcoming!The place is also very cozy! (actually my profile pic was taken there!)bonne chance!
5	Who'd have thought that one day in the Point,there'd be such a place? I was in the laundromat next door, this past summer, and the delicious aroma wafting from this place certainly did NOT have me focusing on my laundry!  I decided to take a quick peek  and ask the proprietor what she was cooking, and she graciously  told me it was chorizo quiche;unfortunately, I don't eat pork. No matter; there are delicious other quiches,as well as yummy soups, sandwiches,croissants, and a small gourmet grocery section as well.She even has the famous Arhoma boulangerie deliver their bread to her establishment, so now all one has to do is place his/her order with her and the bread will be reserved. ( specialty breads in particular).Sundays are brunch days. Great to finally have a place like this in the neighbourhood.
5	I really liked the place! Nice spaghetti sauce for take-out, and they have an interesting selection of wine from a private importer. I'll go back for lunchs, or for a quick grab of food for supper, for sure!
5	This place is great! Stopped in on a rainy Sunday and ordered the Eggs Florentine, it came out perfectly cooked, with just enough hollandaise, and lots of spinach.  This came with wedged roasted potatoes, and really fresh fruits.  The service was fast and really warm and welcoming, and the hot chocolate I had was rich and creamy.  I can't find one thing wrong with this place, so it is an easy recommendation, they also had take away food, and judging from what we ate, it must be good.
5	This place is wonderful!The food is fresh, delicious and reasonably priced! And the staff are ceaselessly charming and make an excellent impression!Tip: Try the Almond Croissants as they are elevated here to an art!
5	If you're going there, do yourself a huuuuge favour and get te Key Lime Pie. Easily the best I've ever had.
