5	This store is so great that it makes me wish I was able to get married again....So keep in mind I'm not shopping for myself, but since a friend recently got engaged I was excited to say, "let's go to Glitter and Grit!"I have to say though, my idea of an independent bridal boutique meant that you'd be shelling out the big bucks. I was pleasantly surprised to say all prices were represented. You could get a beautiful dress at a stellar cost, might I add, even a bargain! Or you can go high end and spend those big day bucks. Regardless, it was all there.Apparently after chatting with the very friendly owner Erin, they carry a lot of independent designers. That really makes for a unique wedding dress! Adding to that, there were some very funky picks as well as trendy to classic. To sum it up, I've already picked out my vow renewal dress. Now I just need to tell my husband!
5	Glitter and Grit is definitely my favorite bridal store in Pittsburgh! As a bride I feel like I have literally been to them all. Erin was not pushy, or stressful to be around. She was very patient and warm. My favorite part about her store is that it carries so many unique handmade options for us brides. The only bummer for me was that I couldn't fit into all of the dresses. As a curvier lady that was a bummer for most stores, however I could fit into more dresses than any other store at Glitter and Grit and for that I was thankful. It is hard to envision yourself in a dress that you cannot get past your thighs. ;) I know it isn't up to her what sizes she has, but she does fight to have average sized dresses which I find awesome. I love Erin and I love glitter and grit!
5	Romantic, unique wedding gowns, reasonable prices, no sales pressure whatsoever. Erin is low-key and knowledgable, offering such options as overskirts and sashes so each bride can create the gown that is truly her own. The Rose and Delilah trunk show enticed us to drive up from North Carolina. So glad we did. Found the dream dress. Natural fabrics. Gorgeous designs. Low-key atmosphere where appointments are a leisurely hour and half . What's not to love?If you like shopping at Anthropologie, your will fall in love with Erin's collection.
5	What a true gem of a place to find a wedding gown in the city of Pittsburgh.  I'm from the burgh originally and currently live in Los Angeles.  I was home for the holidays and heard about this boutique from a sales girl in LA, so I figured I would check it out.  Even from the website, I knew this is the kind of place I was looking for to find a dress.  I emailed with her a few times to book an appointment and with questions, and she was very quick to respond.This is a small and beautifully decorated place - from the gorgeous hardwood floors to the special chandelier featuring branches and old school light bulbs.  This place screamed character.  Walking in here we were warmly greeted by Erin, the owner, and I immediately felt no stress or pressure at all.  Erin is sweet and easy-going, and has a thoughtfully curated selection of beautiful dresses by small designers.  I was looking for something unique (trying to go with a US designer/ made in the US as I work in fashion and wanted to support someone on a small scale, not something mass produced).  Erin is kind, patient, and helpful.  She let me peruze the store to select what I wanted.  My mother and I went to 2 bridal boutiques previous that pulled gowns for you, and didn't really listen to what I wanted (or the budget for that matter) - didn't appreciate that too much.  I was exhausted with looking for dresses by this point (probably tried around 50 dresses), so I really hoping to find something soon!  I picked out 3 to try, and really liked 2 - and ended up going with a simple Elizabeth Dye lace gown that would go with the theme & venue.  Glitter & Grit is the only place in Pittsburgh to go dress shopping if you want something special and unique, and if you want to shop in a stress-free, no pressure environment.
5	My trip to Glitter & Grit was the best wedding gown shopping decision I made.  Before my appointment at Glitter & Grit, I visited one traditional bridal store that carries the most popular big wedding designers out there.  It was not a good experience.  The store was busy, loud, and stressful, and I didn't see anything that I really liked.  On top of that, everything I tried on was uncomfortable, heavy, and much of the fabric felt cheap and itchy, even though they were not inexpensive dresses.  I was disappointed, but everything about my experience at Glitter & Grit made up for my first experience.  I loved everything that was in the store, and many of the gowns I had found on the designer's websites were in the store for me to try on (this was not the case at the standard issue bridal store I visited first).  The sample sizes are also closer to U.S. street sizes at Glitter & Grit than at the traditional bridal stores, so that's a plus.All of the dresses were incredibly HIGH quality, and all of the gowns are handmade in the U.S.  Many are organic and/or vegan gowns.  And most importantly, everything felt so nice and comfortable (my friends couldn't stop touching everything I tried on).I have never been drawn to the immensely popular ball gowns that you see in most of the bridal magazines, so several of the styles at Glitter & Grit were appealing to me.  I found the dress for me, and even had to decide between a few that I really loved.  But, even if you like a more traditional gown, I still recommend that you visit Glitter & Grit because there are many different types of styles, and I believe they have something for everyone.  Most importantly, my friends and I had FUN here.  Erin is a natural at what she does and is very friendly and insightful.  The consultations are by private appointment only.  This means that it will be just you in the boutique for the 90 minute appointment which means no stress.If you want a beautiful, special, high quality bridal gown and a stress-free and fun shopping experience, you need to go to Glitter & Grit.
5	I can't say enough great things about Erin and Glitter & Grit. She is spectacular at her job. She is just a dream to work with and I hope that everyone who is getting married in Pittsburgh gets a chance to work with someone as lovely as her.The atmosphere is lovely and she's extremely helpful. She made my mother and mother-in-law feel heard and listened to as well.
5	After months of searching in the area and in Toronto, I found Glitter & Grit, which is where I ended up purchasing my gorgeous Elizabeth Dye wedding dress. No other shop I visited even compared in selection and comfort (the space is lovely). If you're looking for a beautiful garment that you won't find in other stores (think styles that have a more vintage flair, made by smaller designers, and not 100% poly), then definitely check out Erin's shop.Erin was very easy to work with (responsive, patient, easy-going), and it was a pleasure meeting her!
5	I was so lucky to have this store so close to where I live.  I started shopping late so didn't have so much time to shop around.  After one horrific trip to David's Bridal, I was ready for a different experience.  In one day, I made an appointment with 4 different bridal shops in Pittsburgh and Glitter and Grit was my first stop.  Erin definitely has unique dresses, you can see that right away.  Whereas in the big box stores, there are so many dresses that they just blend together.  Each of Erin's dresses is unique in its own way and she gave me great advice "try on anything that might be a possibility".  Normally I would have passed by this one dress but I tried it on with her advice in mind.  It ended up being the perfect dress for my destination wedding in Hawaii and I can say after visiting all those other stores that there is no dress quite like it in all of Pittsburgh! Doing a little more research, there was really no other way I would have been able to have this dress as the designer is Janay-A, based in Mission, Kansas.  Erin was really great and very professional.  She was very accessible via email and answered all questions promptly.  She measured me herself but I was a little disappointed that the dress came in way too big...but Erin had a great seamstress that she hooked me up with.  After the wedding, Erin even contacted the designer for me to find out the best way to clean it since it's a unique fabric.
