3	I dropped in for a smoothie here today. What can I say? I was thirsty and hungry at the same time and figured I'd be able to kill two birds with one stone. It was a little too cold to really enjoy a smoothie, but I was brave and went in to get one anyway. Smoothie King is pretty quick--that's probably its best feature. While the Smoothie selection is pretty decent, there's nothing that really blew me away. I settled on a citrusy one, and it was pretty good but I've definitely had better. The store itself is pretty boring, and the staff didnt seem particularly excited to be there, so the overall experience wasn't that great. But I did leave with my appetite sated, which is why I was there in the first place, I guess.
4	Tasty smoothies, quick service- great for a lunch during the work day.  There's a good menu of smoothies, and also a nice selection of other things to take back with you to the office (muffins, cookies, jerky).  I've never timed a trip, but I am always in and out pretty quick.  There's plenty of additional items- like vitamins and protein, both for sale and as add-ins to the smoothies.  All things considered, if you're looking for a light lunch, its quick, healthy and tasty.
4	I really do love smoothie king, you just can't go wrong with a blender and fresh fruit.  But the ladies that I encountered working at this location were exceptionally friendly and helpful.  I can in indecisive as usual and they were super happy and patient and I walked out with a delicious smoothie and vegan chocolate cookie, great experience!
2	Nothing to rave about in the way of their smoothies.  Also make sure to check the nutrition label before ordering a lot of their smoothies are loaded with calories, don't assume it is healthy because it has fruit. I also think they are very pricey.  I would rather go and get a fresh juice for the prices.  They do stock a lot of other healthy snacks and such which is convenient, not sure you would need more calories after the smoothie though.  I didn't look at the prices of the snacks so I can not comment on that.  When I went they were having a special on one of the add ins and the girl forgot to take the discount off my order before charging me then seemed like it was a hassle for her to have to fix the mistake.  I wouldn't go back here for the smoothies.
5	Clearly I love this place. Not only do I love Smoothie King (the Peanut Power Plus is my go to) but this SK in particular is my favorite. I don't know what it is, but it's just better than the other locations I've tried. It's convenient too - being in the same complex as several other places I need to go on a weekly basis. If you have questions about ingredients or nutrition facts, just ask. They've got it all easily accessible and are never too busy to fill you in. Don't forget to download the Smoothie King app to get points and free smoothies!
5	The East Blvd location is by far the best Smoothie King to visit in Charlotte. I moved here in June 2014 and have been going every since my first visit. Always fast, efficient and exceptional service. I go usually at opening, 7A, the morning crew is great. They remember exactly what i order, even when they are busy, they are fast at getting your smoothie ready and getting you on your way. As for the smoothies, I get the Angelfood skinny, only 254 calories for a small, and definitely a great choice if you are looking to control your calories and fat intake. They also have a great selection of other snacks, vitamins and supplements.
