5	Sure, they offer clean rooms, friendly service, free wireless, and a free airport shuttle.  But there's more to it.My girlfriend and I were disappointed to be stuck here to begin with, since our flight was canceled out of Sky Harbor airport.  As we got off the shuttle bus, our driver casually mentioned that if we needed a ride anywhere, she'd be happy to oblige.  As we checked in to the hotel, she casually made the offer again.So I went up to my room and used our wireless service to learn that we were 1.7 miles away from the Four Peaks Brewpub, in the opposite direction from the airport.  We went back outside and asked her to drive us to the bar.  She did, making a point of giving us her card in case we wanted a ride back afterward.I don't know if they'd give rides to local bars for all their patrons, but they surely deserve credit if they go the extra mile (literally) on a rare occasion.
4	Great place. stayed here for Ironman Arizona. a mile away from the start. across the street from a in an out burger, sub shop, yogurt and a dennys. a mile from the downtown area. About 5 miles from the airport. They offer a free shuttle service from the airport which was nice since it helped avoid a cab.had a corner room which was huge with  a closet and large bathroom with jacuzzi jets in the tub. requested a microwave and fridge when i reserved the room and got it. ask for that if you want something similar as it is not in every room. free wi-fi and a decent enough free breakfast with waffles, cereal, muffins, and hard boiled eggs etc. nothing fancy but did the job.had a small workout center and three hot tubs. also had a lap pool with an endless pool set up for doing laps. quiet and clean so if i go to Tempe again i would defnitly stay again.staff was friendly and helpfull!
4	Great place. stayed here for Ironman Arizona. a mile away from the start. across the street from a in an out burger, sub shop, yogurt and a dennys. a mile from the downtown area. About 5 miles from the airport. They offer a free shuttle service from the airport which was nice since it helped avoid a cab.had a corner room which was huge with  a closet and large bathroom with jacuzzi jets in the tub. requested a microwave and fridge when i reserved the room and got it. ask for that if you want something similar as it is not in every room. free wi-fi and a decent enough free breakfast with waffles, cereal, muffins, and hard boiled eggs etc. nothing fancy but did the job.had a small workout center and three hot tubs. also had a lap pool with an endless pool set up for doing laps. quiet and clean so if i go to Tempe again i would defnitly stay again.staff was friendly and helpfull!
4	Stayed here for one night to avoid having to drive back after a night of partying and really enjoyed my time here! Great customer service and clean rooms with really comfy beds [: Only thing I didn't like was the small pillows.. They were nice and fluffy but not even standard sized so I had to squish two together to simulate the effect.. I can't say much about their amenities because I wasn't really around to utilize them, but I did appreciate the free wi-fi and AC! Another cool thing about this place is their courtesy shuttle service.. Where I wanted to go for the night was out of their driving range, but if they don't need to take anyone else out and you tip handsomely they're willing to do it! A taxi would have been ridiculously expensive ($20 each way) so instead I tipped the drive $10 each way and got a safe ride for half the cost! Their front desk has 24 hour service so you can check-in/out as late as you wish, and they're always just a phone call or elevator ride away! The attendant that worked the 11pm-7am shift was extremely courteous and I appreciated his customer service [: If I'm ever around and in need of a place to stay I will most definitely choose this hotel..
4	One of the better places to stay in the ASU area. Clean, good value, nice staff, safe and secure. A Denny's is right close by and IN-N-Out is across the street-what more could you want? Very close to ASU in case you need to walk to the Baseball or Football Stadium.
4	This hotel is great. It's in an awesome location, right off the 202. Close to Downtown Scottsdale and Mill Rd. in Tempe a couple blocks away from ASU. There's a Denny's on-site and Starbucks and In-N-Out is right across the street. Both required to make any Angeleno feel at home!The staff was friendly and helpful, but most importantly the place is clean!*AAA discount saves you a few bucks.*Free wi-fi*Computer in the lobby (The printer was 'out of commission, but the guy at the front desk printed for us without any problems.)
4	Stayed there last week...walked in and the first appearance didn't make a great impression...very small, and quite warm.  The young lady at the front desk was strikingly beautiful, and had a great sense of humor.  My room wasn't ready because I was there early in the day due to time zone changes, but she set me up with a work area, and the time flew by as they got a room ready.The room was clean and cozy.  Wifi signal was weak, and I lost my signal several times while working.  The bed was incredibly comfortable, and I slept like a rock every night!  The first morning, I got up to shower and decided to make a pot of coffee.  There was a pot, but no coffee or cups in the room. Overall, five days there were fine.  I don't expect everything to be perfect, but when there were issues, they fixed them every time, which sits well with me.  I will not hesitate to stay here again, and recommend it to others as well.
5	Since I was in town for a concert at the Marquee, I booked this hotel through Priceline at their regular price - $75 with taxes and fees.  True, there were several other two-star options in the area that were cheaper, but this one was both very well-reviewed and less than two miles from the venue.I'm very pleased to say that they were absolutely worth the extra money.  Our room was extremely clean - at one point I ended up on the bathroom floor hunting for a dropped earring, and was completely impressed at how spotless it was.  The staff were very friendly and helpful.  There were no "gotcha" items in the rooms (you know the type - "we've provided this bottle of water for your convenience, break the seal and we'll charge you $10").  The bed was a bit firm, but plenty comfortable, with nice soft pillows.  The mini-fridge was surprisingly good-sized.The continental breakfast deserves its own paragraph - plenty of carbs (bagels, waffles, Danishes, mini-muffins, cereal) but also lots of fresh fruit for the health nuts out there.  Protein was sadly in short supply, but I managed to load up my bagel with cream cheese, and between that and a banana, I felt pretty well served.  Absolutely a cut above most such offerings.Best of all, the wi-fi was both hassle-free (not even a redirect to a "Welcome to Best Western, please watch this ad" page) and well-covered - there were three access points available from our room.  I can't even say how many hotels I've stayed in that could take pointers from them on this matter.Toss in the free parking and leisurely check-out time (noon), and I was seriously impressed - it was a better experience than most three- and three-and-a-half star hotels I've stayed at.  I don't come up to Tempe often, but when I'm in the area again I will absolutely be back.
4	great staff, clean room and good value.  Freeway side room was a little noisy but I travel with ear plugs any way and I'm a light sleeper---wife not bothered at all by highway noise.  I'm a little put off that many on line got a much cheaper price for the room but then again they're not going the Spring Training Baseball weeks---still don't roll me over and do me dry!
2	We stayed there because it was part of a package for an event we were attending. We needed adjoining rooms, which we were told could be requested, but not guaranteed. They we good about working with us to ensure it happened, but I find it kind of annoying that I couldn't get that locked down, considering I was traveling with a small child. Additionally, I was possibly going to need a port-a-crib if the attached room thing didn't work out and again got the "we can request it" line. Hard to really plan what we need to bring with if I couldn't count on something happening.We did ultimately get the adjoining rooms and didn't wind up needing the port-a-crib. One of the rooms was a handicap-accessible room, which is fine, but there was no counterspace in the bathroom and no closet, but instead a wardrobe that was REALLY small. And other room's bathroom was TINY - not sure if that's standard or just because of the attached room situation, but it was really hard to get in and even close the door behind you.The bed was quite comfy as were the pillows, so that was great. The freeway noise wasn't too bad except for some crazy horn honking, so if you're a light sleeper, bring earplugs or ask for a room on the other side. When we were running the A/C, though, I really couldn't hear anything.Breakfast was OK, but nothing special. Could've done with something hot. But they probably want you to eat that at the attached Denny's. Coffee was good!The A/C didn't work in our room, and considering it was 100 degrees over the weekend, that was a big deal. We told them right away and they "fixed" it when we went for lunch. I don't feel like it ever really got cold in our room, though. Additionally, the bathtub plug was broken and it took about 5 hours for them to come up and fix it. When they finally did, they actually sent up the shuttle driver with hand-written instructions from maintenance because that guy was "slammed." They did fix it and we were able to give our daughter a bath.After cleaning our room on the first day, they took all the used towels and didn't leave any fresh ones. Luckily, they were right down the hall, so we were able to get some without too much trouble, but weird that housekeeping just forgot to leave any.The pools weren't quite right. There are 3 spas, 1 indoor lap pool and an outdoor wading pool. One spa was lovely and hot. The other 2 were FREEZING cold. The lap pool was also bitterly cold. Even the outdoor pool was super cold and considering how warm the weather was, I found that surprising. There were maintenance people milling about and they seemed to be working on it, but only 1 of the other spas warmed up at all during our stay, and only slightly. Also, the pool "towels" were little more than workout towels that absorbed next to nothing. I had to use 3 of them just to dry off my 3-year-old. And the pool deck is made of a very pretty, reddish shale tile. Looks great, but it very slippery, allowed for no drainage, and when you leaned against it as you were sitting in the spa, it got all over you.Accessing the hotel is kind of a pain if you don't know your way around town, since you can make a U-Turn pretty much nowhere nearby. We lived in the area for years and knew of some shortcuts, but we spoke to some folks who had no idea how to get going South on Rural in order to get back into the lot and had quite a bit of difficulty.The staff was lovely and did all that they could to assist, and any one of the above incidents would have just rolled right off me. But all of them in the span of 72 hours was a bit much.
3	I was disappointed  only because the last time we stayed here, about 1-1/2 years ago, we were really impressed and have been telling lots of other folks about this hotel! At that time the rooms were fresh and the whole experience was great ~ from being able to leave our car in the parking lot for 2 weeks  to the filling breakfast we had before leaving for the airport the next morning! The best thing about my stay this time was talking with the cheery but tired mom of 2 who was working a 16 hours shift behind the front desk because they are "at a skeleton crew." My room was just down the hall from the front desk and I guess it was clean enough, but it was looking a little ragged ~ the whole ambience seemed to be "slightly run down"... And the air conditioning unit would periodically become very loud for a few minutes....The reason we stay here is because of the 24/7 airport shuttle. Upon my arrival I was informed that they have no shuttle driver, but when I asked about getting to the airport at 4:00 am, they promised that I would get there. Knowing I would be gone prior to their breakfast being served, the clerk suggested I ask the morning clerk when I check out about getting some fruit or something from the breakfast room before I go.  The next morning the guy behind the counter did call a taxi and paid the $13 fare to the airport. When I asked if it was possible to get something for breakfast he offered me water, a banana and a protein bar. For the price I paid for the room, I guess I expected more....
1	We stayed here to go to an ASU game and we found the motel through Priceline.  We were told to call after we landed at the airport and they would give us a free shuttle.  We did so, we had luggage problems at the airport so we found our driver told him the situation and he said to call when we get the bags.  So we did, and the guy who answered the phone ripped our heads off!!!  The driver came back to pick us up after about an hour (we were told 10 mins) and when we got to the hotel the guy who helped us was completely rude.  He then proceeded to to tell us he had no reservation for us and we gave him the paper work to show that we did.  He then made a point to tell us that we were an inconvenience to him and that he would have to find us a room.  We got to the room the air conditioning didn't work... There were dead cock roaches in our sink and one on the floor.  We decided to stay just because of how rude we were treated we didn't want him to be even more rude.  The beds were clean and so was the room, or we would of left!!!  We decided to check out the pool, well they really don't have one.. The one they do have is a lap pool and the one outside, which they make look him is more of a pond.  The smell of chlorine was sooo strong.  A lot of people made comments about it, not just us.   We had a problem with our key one night and the employee was on his cell phone and didn't get off when were at the desk.  Then proceeded to tell us we didn't have a room.... REALLY!! By then we had stayed two nights... It was just a horrible experience!!! I would NEVER stay there again..  All of their employees were all unprofessional and lack in customer service!!   I would spend the extra $10 bucks and go somewhere better for sure!!!
1	Stayed on 12/13/12 and the first room they put us in had the AC unit missing, leaving a 2x3ft hole in the wall to the outside. The next room they put us in had visible crumbs left on the side table and the hair on the toilet seat. It has a feel of a hotel that has seen better days.
4	Good location, nice clean rooms, next to Denneys. I think the remodeling is still on going but what I saw was good, they have a lap pool inside and an outdoor pool and sauna.  Work out room and they serve a Good breakfast service that is free for guests!
3	I'm a little torn on this hotel. Man, this area sucks. Yes, it is directly across from the amazing In-N-Out, not to mention a few other awesome places like Wingstop, Jersey Mike's and Starbucks. It is also spitting distance to Tempe Town Lake and literally in the same spot as Denny's. So convenience is huge, but man, every inch surround this hotel is just trash. It smells like urine and there is the largest collection of broken glass and cigarette butts in the empty lot of trash immediately adjacent. There is also not a really sidewalk to the hotel from Tempe Town Lake so I was 99% certain I was going to get run over in the parking lot when entering or leaving. If this hotel is all you see of Tempe, you will never ever be back. That said... we stayed here for Ironman Arizona. We stayed 5 nights and really can't complain at all about our stay. The guys at the front desk were very friendly. We had a great time using the shuttle bus for free to take us to Mill Ave and our room had everything working and clean. There was also an ASU home football game (our room was facing the stadium) and we didn't hear a thing except some random fireworks. We also had no issues hearing through the walls or other guests and the hotel was pretty busy that weekend. Free breakfast was great, never too crowded and well stocked.In terms of the race, this was a great location as it was only about 1 mile walk to the Athlete Village/Starting line. The only warning I have is that the Best Western is very close to the run course, so you will have to fight temptation to stop running and go lay in your bed ;) The hotel is also only like 500 feet from TTL so you can access the trails for a warm up ride or run easily.
2	Worst front desk customer service tonight - so inpatient and just plan rude.  Thanks for not helping me tonight after getting stranded in Phoenix airport.
3	"Great location, decent accommodations and NOT complimentary shuttle"My title sums up the review. The shuttle drivers were awesome, accommodating our frequent trips to Mill Ave and the surrounding area. However, they did not disclose the $2.50 shuttle fee which I later discovered on my credit card statement. When I called to discuss this, they were unwilling to reverse the charges. It is a very reasonable fee, much less than a taxi, but disclosing that the complimentary shuttle is only complimentary when taken to the airport is a must. When I checked out, I was not informed of any additional charges. Charging for non-disclosed 'incidentals' after-the-fact is a sneaky, unethical way of doing business in my opinion!
1	Probably one of the worst hotel experiences I've ever had. They are unwelcoming, have attitude, rooms are ugly and the staff lacks hotel knowledge. Plus it backs up on ASU's retired car lot and the smell of tempe town lake is strong.
1	WORST HOTEL EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!  DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL.  My husband and I were in town to vend at a music festival.  After reviewing this hotel on YELP, we decided to stay here and stayed in Room 104.  We were assaulted by BEDBUGS in the middle of the night.  We immediately alerted staff, who saw the actual bugs as my husband and I took pictures.  They offered me another room in the same hotel.  Sorry, not acceptable.  The manager on the phone was very rude and non-empathetic to our plight.  Finally, after I hung up on him, in tears, the manager called the front desk and had them find us other accommodations.  It took us over an hour to find the new hotel. They did not charge us for the room that night, but have yet to refund the $25 fee they collect for incidentals. We got NO SLEEP that night bc by the time we found the other hotel, it was time for us to leave to work at festival for which we were in town.  BEDBUG bites (about 15 of them) were severe enough to send me to the E.R.  Management would not speak to me for over a week after incident, only to reveal that they were unwilling to do anything to rectify my medical expense and my loss of income due to missing part of the festival at which I was working.  I had to specially treat all of our clothing, not to mention purchase new clothing to wear bc everything in the hotel room had to be put in garbage bag for heat treatment.  I reported to Health Department.  They claim they saw no signs of bedbugs and that the room was quarantined and the mattress against the wall.  EMPLOYEES SAW THE BEDBUGS.  I believe there was a cover up.   Manager told me I was welcome to sue them.  I AM!!!
4	Coming thru Phoenix. Spending one night. Easy to  find. Clean. Lobby being upgraded so by the time you read this it will be well detailed. Near 202 freeway so if you focus on it you can hear an occasional vehicle. As far as I go. It is quiet and my montra is nothing interrupts my sleep. ... granite counter. Nice shower head. Comfy bed. adequate flat tv .. fridge.. but I unplugged it.   Works for me. .. oh yes the pho place on the other side of the freeway was very nice. And this morning I found the botanical gardens only a couple miles away. Cool.
