5	Talk about bang for your buck! I've now been to Sinbad's twice, and both times I left stuffed to the gills, and eagerly awaiting my next visit, and thinking about what I'll order when I return. The menu has all the standard Middle Eastern staples; the clientele in my two visits has been almost exclusively Arabic-speaking; the location is "hole-in-the-wall." The entrees are big enough to share, and are served with free appetizers of hummus, Arabic pickles, and jajeek.All in all, worth the drive to the West side.
4	I went there today for lunch with a coworker, not sure of what we would be walking into.  The strip mall is pretty sketchy and the seating is extremely limited. It took a few minutes to be served (which was difficult because we were hungry and they had great smells coming from the kitchen), and we had some communication issues, but the staff was very friendly. I ordered the gyros, and was provided with free hummus, bread, pickled beets/cabbage, and a cucumber dressing (like tzatziki?) all of which were extremely tasty.  My gyro was extremely flavorful, and served on a warm pita (not to mention, super cheap!).  I will definitely be back.
4	I felt like I was teleported back to the Middle East for a bit.When you walk into Sinbad's it doesn't take a Middle-Easterner to realize that this is an authentic, family-run joint.  It smells good and they are making fresh bread even in the midst of lunch time.  I ordered the special: two Gyro's for $5.  Trust me, I know Gyro's are Greek (typically referred to as Shawarma's in Arabic and made with Arabic pita's instead of Greek ones), but that's how they advertised and made them.  However, they had plenty of options available in Arabic jargon and fresh pitas for sale too.  The interior is very basic, with simple tables next to an open kitchen and Arabic televison playing in the background.  The Gyro itself was pretty good.  It tasted fresh and came with plenty of fixings, but it was missing a bit more meat.  The service was a bit slow (but I lend that to the authenticity) and very cordial.  I hope that this will not be my last time here and I put my stamp of approval on Sinbad's for the time being!
5	Nearly a buffet of free appetizers (tabbouleh, hummus, soup, fresh bread, tzatziki) come with any of their kabobs and $5 for two gyros which are delicious as they are large.  The three of us walked away with more food than we ate and spent $25 for pretty much a four course meal... Not to mention it was all completely delicious!  Don't let its hole-in-the wall looks fool you!  If you like greek/middle eastern food you are doing yourself a disservice by not eating here.
2	Food's decent - staff is generally friendly. The place is a little rough by US standards. Actually, it was a lot like places I went in the middle east in a number of ways. If you're squeamish about sparkling walls and counters, this probably isn't the place for you. If you're willing to overlook a bit to have some traditional middle east food, go for it - you should like it.
2	The food was wonderful; could have had better service; never offered drinks or took our order. I'm assuming their system is their own; order upfront and wait at a booth for your food.  I have had wonderful middle eastern food and that was in Alex, Egypt. Their service is just like ours and more; we sit and server will come to us, the norm for places that are called resturant.
5	I've been going to this place for years, and the food is awesome! the place isn't fancy and you have to serve your own drink but what the heck.... i always go with the sinbads combo, and every time it hits the spot!  the pitas and the bread is fresh made, brought hot to your table....   the owners are very nice its a family owned business
4	I'm a fan a most of their food, but their gyros are cheap, and unsatisfying. Their other food is quite good.
4	The food is good and authentic and since they are a locally and family owned place I think they deserve four stars. If you go there, don't expect a nice dine in experience. The location is not one of the best in Phoenix and the place is very small, hot, and not the best looking. I have been there twice now and both times we decided to take out. Prices are very reasonable and the food is made fresh.
5	2 Gyros for $5. Free soup, free bread!! I love this place. The meal portions are so generous!! The workers are so nice. Downside in a not so nice area and it has no air conditioner
5	Wow. Excellent food! Bread made in front if you. Portions the size of Texas! Come hungry! Prices are great too!
5	I've had more of their food, and I just love it. I also buy their fresh bread they make on site often.Just skip the gyros. They make them so cheap to get people in, but their food is so good it ends up displaying their worst item.The chicken tikka sandwhich is awesome. So many good items!
3	I ordered beef kebab , it came in three long strips without any sides and it was 13 dollars. Really ?? i had to pay 2 more dollars for rice to be added. The portion was way small for that money. The place is not for US standards, it is more like a place you would see in the middle east. The staff is great and helpful.
2	I totally feel like Yelp let us down on this one. We've eaten LOTS of mediterranean food, and this wasn't anywhere close to the best. To the point that I was wondering if we were in the right place. The service was super friendly, almost to the point of being overbearing, and the 3 of us ordered about half the menu. Unfortunately, I liked maybe 1 thing. The schwarma with rice was insanely dry and bland, the tabbouleh tasted like it was mostly onions, the pickles had a really odd flavor (probably they were fermented), the hummus needed flavor, etc. The bread was good, but bland. Seriously, Mediterranean food is all about flavor, and this food had none.That and the creepy movies playing on the tv in the back of the restaurant were enough to make me wonder what all of the other reviews are thinking. Seriously, go to Pita Kitchen in Avondale.
5	Great food.  I love the fresh baked Bread here. The service is good and the new establishment much more nicer than the original location.  Food peons are very filing.  Most times I can't eat my whole meal.
5	This place was recommended by a colleague and I was in the area at a meeting. Decided to go in and take carry out.  Wow!  2 gyros sandwiches for $5 and 2 whole rotisserie chickens for $11.99!  Then you can get a big container of humice for only $3.99 and the BEST homemade pita I have EVER had and you can watch them make it through a window!  Check this place out! People were coming in and buying big stacks of the homemade pita to take home and I can see why! The people were really nice and proud of their food. I will be frequenting this great little new gem on Glendale Ave!
5	New building is incredible, significantly improved. food is still amazing, it is now a place I would take people to, and not feel odd about how dirty, hot and cramped it is.A real gem now!
4	It was right up the street from my house so I decided to give it a try. I was decently impressed. They changed the 2 gyro special from $4.99 to $6.99. It was a little confusing bc half thier marketing said $5, the other half said $7 They weren't my favorite that I've ever had, but they were pretty good. I wished for a little more garlic in the tzatziki The interior is very nice and the huge glass window to watch them bake the fresh breads was a welcomed surpriseI'm sure I'll give it a try again, see what else the menu has to offer
4	The food is the right price, tasty and authentic. However the food take a little while to get out to you so expect to wait  at least 10 min for a gyro. This makes it a so so lunch spot if you are on your lunch break, but a great place to go if you are having lunch with a friend.
