5	This is my local "home" gym.  Great routes, that are changed frequently, challenging lead routes and a large bouldering area. The staff is very friendly, always around for questions and safety Nazi's, which is good since they are always on top of the scary newbie belayer's. Members only nights are Tuesday and Thursday. This can be a very crowded time, is it because the men can climb shirtless?? Hmmm... The weekend can also be a crowded time due to the many kids birthday parties they hold there. But with as many routes as they have, finding a good route is no prob. The gym also has a decent fitness area with personal trainers and even offer free yoga nights to its members! Lots of great members perks in fact....All in all I love this gym. The only thing I think they could improve upon is offering more classes. Especially lead climb classes. Maybe some clinics too.Rock on!
5	I came here as a beginner, and was a member for almost a year until I moved farther south.  The staff was very helpful, both at the front desk and out on the floor.  Someone was always walking around, and if they saw you were on a route and having trouble with your next move they would offer technique tips to help.  They are also around for safety, and are quick to correct anyone not being safe....which I liked as a beginner and learner.  The routes are a good mix for beginnners to advanced climbers, and they have a bouldering area as well.  Member's nights are great, as you don't have as many beginners and it's fun to watch the really good climbers in action.  It can get busy on weekends with birthday parties and teenagers running around, but I knew those times and tried to avoid them.  Equipment is available to rent, including shoes, and they also have a little shop with some items for sale.  I like how they've added some yoga and other classes, and have a weight room and some treadmills upstairs to use.  A great place!
4	We have been members of this gym for about 6 months now and I have to say that the variety of climbing is pretty good.  The planning of the walls in the gym was thoughtful with lots of overhang both slight and extreme, crack climbing, auto-belay, and lots of leadable routes.  The setters seem to have a good idea of route ratings and do a great job of setting all sorts of level routes that are do well for tall and short people. The only complaint I have is that using the mandatory gri-gri setup is annoying for me since I like my belay device and the mandatory tie in rule can make belay unsafe at times depending on who is climbing in the vicinity.  I have had 3 very near misses when people have popped off walls  and I could not get out of the way.This is the third gym I have had a membership in in the same number of cities and so far it's my favorite.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that I have not tried many gyms out there and it's possible there is one better...
4	Another Groupon find!I am deathly afraid of heights. I'm serious; just climbing on a chair makes me break out into a cold sweat. When I saw this offer on groupon I figured it was a nice to way to face my fears. It's an indoor facility which is really big! As a first timer, you sit through a 10 min video which shows you the basics of knot tying, and safety stuff, and then off you go. The staff member who initially helped us was super helpful. She saw my terror and was very patient with me-There are plenty of staff members around to help. There is a boulder section too for those who are far less fearful than me.I got a little more than halfway up so not too shabby for a chicken! We went on a saturday afternoon, so it was pretty crowded, but still had plenty of spots to choose from.
5	I like to climb things I've learned.  This place is a tad bit far me, but totally worth the drive.  Looks fun - is fun, looks hard - is hard :) I know you're not supposed to use your arms much while climbing, but damn when you're up that high you can't help but be a little afraid of falling.  Thus, clinching for dear life!  Needless to say my arms are sore :( This would be a great family gathering, but also if you're looking for a good workout with a twist - it's a must!  Thumbs way up!
5	AZ On The Rocks is an awesome place. I went about a month ago and had a blast! The people there are so friendly and helpful. I cant wait to go back with my friends! Loved it! =)
5	I have been to this gym twice now and I am really starting to get into climbing. I love their high ball bouldering problems, and the super high walls for top rope. Another thing that makes AZonR a great place to climb is because you can also do a solid work out afterwards with a full gym on the second floor. I can be a little crowded in the summer time but I guess that's to be expected.
4	Best indoor climbing in Arizona!! Love the people, the staff, the route setters...it is all good at this place!
5	The 2 reasons I originally went to AZR were 1.) My hubby (bf @ the time) was way into climbing, so we started climbing together and 2.) One of my good friends works there (idk if he still does, but he worked there FOREVER).  I was immediately hooked on climbing! AZR is a great place for kid parties and team building (they probably have at least one kid birthday party every weekend).  They have plenty of bouldering and trad routes for people of all skill levels. They even have lead climbing (and classes to teach you lead climbing if you don't know how...which I don't haha).  The staff is super cool here, and we got on a first name basis with them. They are always friendly and helpful (and fun to hang out with, lol).  I also loved the free yoga classes for gym members with Jeanette.  I miss this place so much after moving away.
5	I hadn't been to the climbing gym in years and it was time to start back.  Went on Saturday and had a blast; varied routes, fun bouldering, helpful staff and a few automatic belays in case your partner wants to check something else out while you go up a route.  Seriously considering purchasing a membership.  My forearms are still sore.
5	I am incredibly impressed with this place and I will go out of my way to go to Phoenix when the rock climbing bug hits!I've been climbing a couple of times, but only belaying my kids. This time I jumped in as a climber for a few reasons: 1. my awesome GTS workouts prepared me strength wise. 2. They have several auto-belays, so both my kids and I could climb individually. 3. For an indoor climbing gym, it's CHEAP!!!We hardly ever go to Rocks and Ropes in Tucson because it's so pricey. Not only do you have to pay the entry fee, but the equipment rental is separate. So for a family of 4, you're breaking the bank. Not that way at AZ on the Rocks. They have a special for a family of 4. $45 plus tax. That's it! No equipment rental fees AND it's all day! What a deal!!  We ended up spending about 4 or 5 hours there and had an absolute blast.Their registration and safety intro procedures are simple, well done and easy to understand. The staff is really on the ball when it comes to scanning the gym and the climbers to make sure everyone is doing it right. There are a multitude of climbing levels and walls, as well as a large bouldering area.On the second level they have an entire gym with treadmills, elliptical machines and free weights that you're more than welcome to use. Along with all that, they offer yoga classes and more.I cannot wait to get back to AZ on the Rocks! Thank you for making my first climbing experience an A+. I'm officially addicted!
5	Nice place to go climbing. For first timers there's a mandatory video - not too bad, fairly short. As a first timer, they were friendly and patient with teaching all the basics. Nice staff, and nice rocks. Good times. Free climb on your birthday. Good stuff.
4	This place is awesome! Took my daughter to AZ on the Rocks and she really enjoyed it and I decided to sign up for a month package myself.  I've been there about 5 times and every time I am getting better and better and enjoying it even more.The employees and other people that are there are really friendly and helpful. Always giving me great tips such as using my legs more as I was always using my upper body and after 2 times climbing was exhausted. Now I can climb 4 times. Looking forward to spending more time on the huge boulders climbing.What I love about AZ on the Rocks is they have 3 auto lines as I have been going there myself. I went with my brother this past week and got to climb with someone else which was really fun too. If you are looking for a different kind of exercise or just want to have some fun definitely check out AZ on the rocks. Very affordable (even the month package was around $60 unlimited).
4	I had a so-so experience at AZ on the Rocks my first visit but due to the absolutely wonderful follow up and customer service I have received since then I am definitely amending my original review. The owner really went out of his way to make sure that my next visit is much better. As soon as my schedule allows I will be heading back to check it out for the second time.
5	Great climbing gym!!  Many routes of all difficulties and a variety of auto-belay routes for people like me who show up without climbing buddies.  Would highly recommend.
4	I am a regular at AZ on the Rocks.  I have been going here since Fall 2011 when I bought a $29 Groupon for 20 yoga classes.  The staff are very friendly here and after only coming in a couple of times they knew who I was.  I have practiced adult yoga here and I currently take a toddler yoga class with the 2 year old that I take care of.  The adult yoga classes are upstairs in a very nice studio.  I have taken a few classes with a few of the female teachers and they are all very helpful and laid back.  The class size is usually very small and the teachers and staff are very accommodating to my wants and needs.  I like taking their adult yoga classes here because they are not as crowded as some of the other places where I have practiced yoga.If you are looking for a place to do a toddler yoga class-this is it!  They also do a class for babies under 12 months (crawlers.)  They toddler yoga class is on Mondays at 10:30 and the "crawlers" yoga is late Friday mornings with Erica.  You will get a more one on one yoga experience with a great teacher if you choose to practice here.
4	I'm guilty as charged. Why don't more people know of this place and get their lazy bums out and climb an Arizona mountain - chilled :-) It is soooo liberating and fun. AZ on the Rocks, please use the built in Yelp coupon technology to attract more new customers. We live in the mobile smart phone age. As soon as peeps get close to a certain anne their Yelp push notification goes off to attract your customers with a coupon or special deal. Yelp, educate your peeps on this awesome feature more. Love ya all. Have a good one.
4	Lots of pumpy overhung routes. Love the yoga and fitness areas for cross-training.  Tons of bouldering routes.  Can sometimes be overrun with kids, but most often is chill. Friendly staff.  Routes seem a bit easier than those at Phoenix Rock Gym.
4	This is my home gym, and I'm there every week.  The staff are great and attentive, and the routes are changed up regularly enough to keep gym climbing interesting.  Yes, it gets a little crowded sometimes when they have parties or groups in, but come on, that's what keeps the lights and air-conditioning on so regulars should really get over it.   There's also a small but nice gym upstairs and many different yoga classes.  AZR is a great place for beginners and veterans alike.
5	This place is great, went for the first time this past week and had a good time. The staff was very friendly and our guide did a good job explaining everything to us and showing us the ropes, I believe his name was Nathaniel. The environment was was clean and lively with tons of climbers having a good time. Can't wait to go back for some more climbing.
5	This place is FANTASTIC.  I was in Arizona for a week and had the pleasure of climbing here, as well as taking two yoga classes.  The staff is great--especially Ben, who was helpful and kind and funny, and Candace, who teaches Yin Yoga and graciously ended our lesson with a brief shoulder and face massage.  Such a fun, energetic, awesome place.
4	Awesome!!Love the people, love the facility - only thing is that it can get really crowded on the weekends (and smelly!).But, everything is in good condition and it is a great place to climb - beginners to advanced.
4	good vibes & good climbs. Took me long enough to get here but i'm sure i'll be back! Last week I finally made it to AZ on the Rocks with a childhood friend. I've got some trust issues so I'm all about the boulders. There are so many different options for less advanced to advanced climbers and tons of boulder space which is nice! The staff was way friendly and the membership deal is worth looking into for sure! I think that next time I'll probably just join but hey, if you go and sign up on the day of your climb, they take your daily climbing fee off of the membership payment on the spot.. if this is confusing, just go in and ask the staff for yourself, TRUST ME it's worth it ;)
5	This place is the bomb.comLove rock climbing on their several walls! Great and friendly staff keep you safe and having fun! If you need a great new alternative fun workout, az on the rocks is where it's at
5	My husband and I went to AZ on the Rocks as a date night out. It was a blast! We were both first time climbers and the orientation was simple, yet thorough. They have lots of different walls to choose from for scaredy cats like me. My husband likes to be more daring and he was in heaven with the endless possibilities, a lot that really challenged him. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They wander throughout the gym offering advice which I really appreciated especially since I am such a novice. We will definitely come back for a date night soon...once our forearms have recovered!
5	Great for dates and family time. Everyone is really nice and always helpful. The gym is well maintained and always challenging. Plus, on your birthday you get to climb for free!
5	My girlfriend and I were staying in Scottsdale for a week and we dropped in here to get our rock climbing fix.  It's a decent size facility with reasonably tall walls.  We didn't try the bouldering.
5	Super friendly staff. Great facilities. Will definitely be back again!
5	This is an incredible rock-climbing gym!!  It's enormous - tons of walls, many different courses, boulders and slacklines.  The loaner equipment and ropes, etc. are nice, the staff is friendly and they have a video and quick lesson for first-time climbers.  There are lockers for your stuff, or you can leave valuables with the staff.  It's a wonderful place to go in a group - I've been there with large and small groups and everyone always has a great time.  They have kids courses and courses ranging in difficulty from easy to "how do they do that?".  There's tons of mat space to sit down and stretch in between, too.They have a small shop, a few vending machines, and clean restrooms.  There's even an upstairs area with a gym and yoga studio (check out Jen Brooks - excellent teacher).  The only small annoyance is that, if you are an expert, their way of belaying is a little different from the norm, and you might get harrassed by staff insisting you do things exactly their way.  Overall, a very minor inconvenience.
4	My buddy and I don't get a chance to hang out too often, with work schedules and kid stuff, so we always try to make the most of guy's night. It usually ends up with us just drinking beers and watching dumb movies, though. I wanted to find something cool for us to do, that would give us something to talk about afterward. That's when I came across AZ on the Rocks. We showed up all ready to go, but completely ignorant of what we needed to do to get started. No problem...they have an orientation video to show you the ropes (no pun intended). We signed our waivers, watched the video and proceeded to put our gear on. We had purchased their pass that gives you unlimited climbing for one day, as well as gear rental, which is usually shoes and a harness. We got situated and figured we were going to have to remember how to tie all of the knots and belay based on what we saw on the video. They noticed that we were ready, so a young employee (Krista, maybe) asked us to follow her and she would show us the proper way to climb, belay and tie those knots. I was worried that my single buddy wouldn't pay attention to any instructions, because she was young and cute, but he managed to retain enough of the info. After she verified that we knew enough to be safe, she sent us on our way.There are a lot of routes throughout this gym. We obviously were brand new, so we picked the easy ones. There were probably 5-10 easy climbs, so it gave us enough options to keep us occupied for a few hours. I was trying to stick to the labeled routes, while my buddy was just climbing on any hold he could see. Nobody cared, or tried to tell us we were doing it wrong, which is really cool. I think they're just interested in all customers having a good time.They had a slack-line set up in the middle of the gym, and there was a rope next to it so you could hold on and try it out. We managed to make it across, using the rope. It's way more difficult than it looks! There were a couple of guys walking across and then doing back-flips off of it. Show-offs!They have a separate area that's just for bouldering (shorter climbs without a harness). It looked pretty fun, but we never made it there. After about 5 or 6 of the tall climbs we were beat!I would suggest a good stretch before, especially your forearms. This, along with some ibuprofen, will guarantee that you'll be able to function the next day.So, thanks to AZ on the Rocks, we had a memorable guy's night, have some good stories to tell and still got to chill out with some beers afterward. What more can you ask for?
4	If you're a sport climber in the Valley, this is where you will want to be. The setting team is good and continue to improve. The management does a fair job of keeping the place up. My only complaint is that holds are left up/used despite having massive cracks down to the washer. This is a danger to anyone belaying below and to the climber if they are leading. There are some other quirky things about the gym, like not letting people lead belay with a GriGri and having to anchor to the floor when belaying top rope, despite the rope being double wrapped on the anchor. But these are things that I can live with.Otherwise the gym is fantastic and the prices are more than fair. The desk staff is generally nice and make an effort to get to know the members. Thanks!
5	Great place to bring the whole family.  Wonder staff and very inviting even to the newest of climbers.  The intro video could be re-done to emphasize critical safety features, over the existing advertisement of the gyms features.
5	Enjoyed climbing here. I was new to indoor climbing when I started at this location and the staff was good at teaching. Now I still climb and love it!
5	love AZ on the Rocks!  It's definitely the best rock gym in Phoenix and I've been climbing there for years. The gym is clean, modern and the routes are updated frequently.  There is a good mix of easy and challenging routes.  There is a large bouldering area and a gym/yoga room upstairs.  The staff is friendly and super helpful!  It can get crowded sometimes so try to go during the week and at night.
5	People always ask me which climbing gym in the valley is my favorite or which one is best and it's not really a question I can answer. Each one has it's own quirks and character that provide a uniquely enjoyable experience. But if I had to compare AZ on the Rocks to the other Phoenix gyms, I'd say it's like the sleek, preppy, well-funded team in a children's sports movie (minus the menacing coach with slicked back hair) while the other gyms are more like the scrappy, ramshackle underdogs that don't always look good on the surface, but still have a lot of value hiding just below the surface.AZR, in other words, is a clean, well-run gym with regularly updated equipment, an expansive bouldering area, and, of course, plenty of great top roping routes. They also offer a lot of non-climbing related services, like yoga and a small non-climbing gym with some exercise equipment and weights. It's a great place to climb and if you enjoy the activity at all you have to give AZR a try.On a final note, they're usually pumping out some good jams over the speakers that make the climbing experience that much better. Ratatat might be the best climbing music I've heard so far. Give it a listen.
5	This place is amazing! Our instructor was amazing and they don't try to put a cost on everything. The other rock climbing places that I've visited won't let you climb if you can't tie a figure 8 and charges you $ if you want to learn how. AZ has the ropes prepared for you and they will teach you how to secure the rope. They make climbing so much fun for beginners. And the height of the walls was just perfect. Very diverse climbing walls. Since I left Arizona I haven't been able to find a better rock climbing place :(
5	I am by no means an expert climber but this is a great place for indoor climbing. I have been to other places before and like this one the best. The staff were super friendly and helpful- they not only were on stand by to help if you needed but they were also encouraging while you climbed and gave tips. There were a variety of different climbs, boulder stations and a tight rope. I would def come here again in the future
