4	$8.98 or less is a pretty good deal. You can get most major university wear here (but not UNC Chapel Hill- no license for that one). Lots of funny shirts, men's, women's and children. Sweats, jeans, long sleeved collared shirts... casual-  that's the word I was looking for. Try not to judge them for the condition of their parking lot. It's a bit undercared for. Needs a good sweeping and maybe some repairs. However the store is definitely worth the eyesore.UPDATE: THEY ARE CLOSING AROUND JANUARY 15th, 2009!!!Mon-Fri: 10:00am-9:30pmSat: 10:00am-9:30pmSun: 11:00am-7:30pm
5	"You get what you pay for"  is not always the case when shopping in Steve in Barry's , ie~the Bitten line by SJP,  does not bite.Does that make sense?I first discovered this store in S.C. and when I heard they opened one here in Charlotte, I was thrilled.The Bitten line once again is my favorite, for the price it's real cute and trendy . Some of which can even be worn for work attire and at this price point that makes this fashionista very happy to get dressed for work and feel pretty .....OH SO PRETTY!I think the bitten line runs a little on the big side.So girls if you're having an "I feel fat day "  run to Steve & Barry's and try on the Bitten line!When you get there and need to size down feel free to attribute that smaller size to me making you RUN your fat a$$ to this cool store!ha ha just kiddin !
3	I'm always on the lookout for grown-up clothes, but I'm a sucker for casual. Steve & Barry's is short on the business-appropriate attire, but it's a great place to get some cool sweatshirts, sweat pants, work out clothes, or denim. Something about the sign, maybe the "University" theme, made me believe that it would be something more of a sportswear kind of house...I was surprised to find more variety on the shelves. I like the Bitten line, and the prices are always right. It's not got the greatest customer service, but what do you expect when you're shopping in a warehouse?
1	Still vacant. Will someone please buy, lease, bulldoze... please do something with this building. It's huge. It's a bit depressing to see. Come on. You know you've always wanted to open an ice skating rink in Matthews, NC. If you were waiting for a sign, here it is!
