4	I take my dogs here for their grooming service. (Note: call ahead for a reservation.) They do a great job. Plus, my pups come home with a new bandanna every time that coordinates with the season. (i.e. September was Fall theme bandannas.) They are super friendly and they know all their doggy client names. I don't know how they can remember all of them without looking at the card or the dog collar, but they do. They also have a medium size store with a pretty good selection of food and accessories. But if you want more selection or are looking for something specific in the way of food...... you'll need to go to At Your Service Pets or another bigger store. They also have a bakery case of doggy-goodies... so you can buy your pup a treat for being good.
4	I have a dog that has a long list of allergies, both environmental and food. I like this store because they have a large selection of natural dog food with reasonable prices,  very knowledgeable staff, and the store is very clean and organized!  The staff is always friendly and helpful, always willing to make recommendations.
5	Everyone I have talked to at Hap E DOG has been very pleasant. I take my Bichon here for grooming. They do an excellent job on her. The store has a nice selection of premium pet food. They also carry toys and other such pet items. I would much rather shop locally than shop some huge big box store.
5	I drive in from Kingman, AZ to shop here! It's a great place with hard to find, quality products and the service, staff friendliness-and-knowledge is second to none. They special order extra quantities of the hard to find food I need when I call and have it waiting for me when I get there. Chelsea, one of the stores employees, is very friendly and knowledgeable about the products carried here. What's really cool is the home baked, all natural dog treats offered at the store...it really shows the level of care and dedication the owner has! Bottom line; go there and show your support for this store by spending your dollars here. Businesses like this are hard to come by these days!
5	I love this place, my 2 dogs have been getting groomed by Rogene for about 3 years now, she always does such an amazing job on them. I also love the natural fresh baked dog treats the owner makes in her own kitchen to sell at the store. This place is such an fun, awesome store for dogs and staff will do anything to make you happy.
4	This place is so amazing. I found out about this place when my friend (Chelsea) started working here. If you want to buy the best for your dog, this is the place to go. Unlike other pet stores, the staff is friendly and competent in knowing what is the best for your dog. They're great in breaking down the specifics about the type of foods they have as well as communicating to you what is best for your dog. Their grooming services are great as well. My dog loves coming here because the atmosphere is energetic and friendly. It may be ways to go but it's worth it if you want the best! :D
5	I love coming to this store, so do my two toy fox terriers.  They are very friendly and they obviouslt love their furry clients. This is the fourth time they have given them a bath and nail trim.  I can't do it myself anymore.  They do a super job, and it really helps with the shedding problem.  They also sell the premium food they like.  Another plus, you're supporting a small local business.
5	Once again I am just so happy with my entire experience. Bob and Hank look amazing. They were ready a just a couple hours. And because they both recieved good reports, I had to get a treat. They made me.Once again....BOB AND HANK APPROVED!!
1	These people butchered our poodle. If I could add a picture to show you how terrible she looks, you would think that these groomers had no formal education and I brought the dog to supercuts for $10 trim. We will be taking the poodle to another groomer to fix her haircut and for them to shave the spots that Hap E staff missed. The poor dog is sleeping underneath a pile of blankets because I'm sure it was a traumatic experience and she is exhausted. The Rottweiler that we brought was fine, because she just got a bath. Don't go here. If there was a zero star possibility, they would get it.F rating and the business is run by a bunch of no-talent hacks.
1	Went to check out their grooming facility because they claim to hand dry with no cage dryers. Well, let me describe what I saw in the room all the dogs are kept. Lots of dirty old metal cages stacked on each other not secured in any way. 2 bathtubs in disrepair. Fans with a lot of hair stuck in them pointed toward a section of the cages and also those high power fans that are used to dry houses after a flood inches away directly pointed at a dog in a cage. He didn't look happy. The girl there said that wasn't cage drying because it's not heated. That was enough for me!
1	The worse customer service ever. Ordered a cake two weeks in advance, they made it one week early, never called to see why it wasn't picked up, could have fixed problem at that point. Now my pooch is without a birthday cake :( will never go back.
5	I have a wolf-malamute mix rescue with never-ending hair!  Needed a bath and grooming, and skin was excoriated when I got him.  They did a wonderful job and even used a soap that healed his skin.  Couldn't say enough positive things about Lindi and her staff!  Recommend highly!
5	They do amazing work, the only place my dog is not afraid of, and they love him there.  For such a big dog, they manage to get him looking good and smelling nice.  I am very pleased with hap e dog.
