5	Brows too thick? Need some weed whacking?!WELL, the secret is OUT! The amazing owners of Fabulous Eyebrow Threading present...the north location! This location can be found right next to the garden center of Walmart at 215&Decatur! There is a string of stores there now that everyone is now able to access!Let me just welcome North LV to one of the best brow services in town! Mearcy has stationed one of her best threaders at this new location! I brought my parents in for their secret Grand Opening today, for which they made all of us look beautiful for free :) Seriously, she fixed my uneven brows and made them look more....hot. Ha! I am crazy happy that there is one closer to me now!!!! Fine, fine, in being honest, I have been going to this threading business for a year now and it's really the only place that I let touch my brows. they really know eyebrows, more than any of their other services offered. when it comes to beauty, people need to find businesses they can trust, it can be a hard road to find the right one. but FET is really knowledgable.The crew that works here are patient, funny, and professional! Not to mention they use -organic- thread so that it doesn't irritate or hurt your skin as much :D Remember that it is a beauty place, so if you want something very specific with your service..VOICE your opinion! Don't be afraid!So let the WORLD know, there is a new threading place in the North, and it's super reliable!!! (You can look up their other location). Not to mention, their brow service is cheap and only $10!!! SPECIAL DEAL: I asked the owner if they were having more free events and he said, no, but for their Grand Opening month of March, they are doing a first time, $5 eyebrow threading special!!!! you have to present a flyer. So wander in and come out looking sexy!!!Seriously, I'm trying to honestly help you all out because beauty doesn't usually come this cheap for a great job.
5	Love love love this place .check in special $5 you can't beat that price :)clean always,great job .best part close to my home .next to walmart garden center ,easy to find .
5	I live in North Las Vegas and was actually on my way to their Durango location when I saw they had opened another new location two minutes from my house. I've always had a great experience there, they ladies are so sweet, the store is clean, and they always do a fantastic job on my eyebrows. I'll be back in two weeks!'
5	Great place to get your eyebrows shaped, honestly didn't hurt as much as it normally does due to the organic threading! Does make a difference, just wish they had a shop in California where I live...thanks for the great brows!
5	The name speaks for itself !! Staff is fabulous too!!! Thanks for my daughter raven for bringing us here... Was nice to see u Mary Rose!!!
5	I am so proud and excited for my Fabulous Eyebrow Threading La Familia for opening and expanding their fabulousness to the North side of Las Vegas!We had a successful post-grand opening UYE event today, and I want to personally thank all of you who came through and made it such a wonderful experience!! They couldn't do it all without all the customers of course! You guys rock! Love me my Yelp La Familia. Thank you to Chand and Mercy for including me in your opening and helping me help you set it all up!!(Theme of the day: La Familia aka Family, lol)Continuing...This was actually my first stop into this location, as it is about 30 mins away from where I live, but I just HAD to check it out! When I walked in, of course I was greeted! Customers always love a heartfelt greeting!! This spot is a little smaller than the original location, but it is absolutely adorable!! It gives off a contemporary/relaxing vibe, and with the wonderful ladies taking care of your eyebrows, it is pure perfection for 10 to 15 minutos! Again, there are plenty of other goodies you may purchase, from handbags, perfume bottles, and even legit Beats by Dre for a cheaper price than retail!! Just come and do you early Christmas shopping here! Forget Wal-Mart! Lol.They offer the same services as the original location, where eyebrow threading is $10. (If you check in on yelp, first time is $5!). They use organic cotton thread, so it is great for your skin! No complaints! They also thread your lip, chin, or full face for decent prices!My favorite service when I want to be Pretty is their Eyelash clusters. Pro is that it is only $25!! SAY WHAT??!!! Yupppp 25 buckaroos for them natural, long, or glamorous eyelashes! Get em ladies!So, you probably get where I'm going with this... get your eyebrows done at this location if you're in the North side of town. You will never be disappointed...One last thing...after your eyebrows are fabulous, you can tell the world..."I woke up like dissss... FLAWLESS!" Lol :D
5	Dropped by for the UYE yesterday and was impressed by the speed and professionalism of the staff here. I had tried threading once before a couple years back so I wasn't scurred, but this time seemed to go a lot faster. You can be in and out in 10 min assuming there's not a wait, which there wasn't while we were there. They cleaned up my brows and each time they finished 1 side they would hold up a mirror to show me. Pricing is normally $10, but it's only $5 on your 1st visit. They'll also give you a discount card on your 1st visit where every 5th visit is 50% off and every 10th visit is FREE!
5	Had a wonderful experience. The staff is very friendly and makes you feel at home. I've had my eyebrows done before and always cried cause of the pain. Here, They were extremely gentle and careful; even gave me some advice for the in between care. I highly recommend this place!
5	I have been getting my eyebrows threaded for as long as I can remember. I live in aliante but have traveled ALL and when I say all I mean ALL over the valley to find the perfect threading spot. My experiences have been terrible and I was never truly satisfied with any place.Through yelp I found Fabulous Eyebrow Threading on Durango and even though it's about a 30 minute trek from my house I faithfully made it every 2 weeks. These ladies are beyond talented. I have walked away a more than satisfied customer each and every time. I am so happy that they have chosen to expand there business to North Las Vegas. This location is only two minutes away from my house and it is just as clean and welcoming as the Durango location.In my opinion there is no other place to go for eyebrows !!
5	My mom always went to their Durango location because she's friends with the owner and it's close to her work. I kept wanting to try them out, but wasn't willing to drive there. On our way to Walmart, we saw their store and I finally got to try it out today! I'm SO HAPPY they opened up a store here because it's only five minutes away from me and they're amazing at what they do! I really wish that I remembered the two ladies' names that helped me out, but I'm really bad with names :( sorry! and the organic thread really is less painful! They also filled in my eyebrows with some eyeshadow and I really like it! I only paid $5 because of my Yelp check in, and tipped another $5 because she was that good! They also gave me lots of advice on how to help me grow out my eyebrows thicker, so I'm excited for that! Not mention that they offer coffee and a bottle of water! Definitely my new eyebrow place! Anyone in the area should most definitely try it out!
4	Really great shaping! The lady was nice but it was a little awkward since no one else was there.
5	I finally found the best eyebrow threader at north decatur location in las vegas, nevada.thanks to the owner openning at ALLIANTE.service is awesome. A very neat place.very courteous,they offer coffee, juice, bottle of water& etc.a very friendly environment.this place really know how to handle customers with care . This is why customers keeps coming back. NORY does such a great service.and PREYA terrific
5	Sorry posted to the wrong place. Haven't been here
5	The ladies here are so sweet! They totally made my day. My eyebrows looked great and the price was even better. They also have some MAC products you can purchase. I bought a thing of MAC eyebrow powder and it looks so much better than a pencil. I'm happy they recommended it to me. The store was very clean and modern. Two thumbs up.
1	Horrible experience resulting in thin, uneven eyebrows.  To have two workers say, "your eyebrows don't look that bad" was the icing on the cake.  I will never come back.
5	These ladies are amazing and every time I am getting my eyebrows they become better and better. Nori and Muna they both have same techniques get minimum pain. Also they only use special thread that 100% organic and no one in any threading spot in vegas using that. My eyebrows looking best and I never go back to waxing.
5	I love going to this place!  The ladies are fabulous just like what the sign says.  I'm going to be there again soon no problem.
5	Been to many threading shops but this one my favorite!!   They make my eyebrows look fabulous!!!   Never go anywhere else!  Super friendly, too!!
5	Fabulous Eyebrow Threading! at Aliante in North las vegas.i worked at the East Coast 48 years ,I now live in las vegas. It took me 5 years in las vegas to find a really good friendly Eyebrow Threading Service.as a customer I had observed that this Place really knows how to handle people.i love it.i love it.coffee is always ready at your choice of flavor.i see mothers with children coming in and the children are offered fruit juice.i see children with a happy smile.Amazing! Amazing.I  find this place very friendly indeed! I heard that the Fabulous Eyebrow Threading located in Durango gives such fabulous service to customers & is very friendly too.customers are completely satisfied, they keep coming back at Alliante Fabulous Eyebrow Threading & at Durango Fabulous Eyebrow Threading. CONGRATULATIONS  PREYA NARI MONA MINA DAYA at ALLIANTE FABULOUS EYEBROW THREADING. CONGRATULATIONS  CHAND MANJU at the Fabulous Eyebrow Threading located at Durango.You guys are super great! I salute  to you all.      This is Catalina B.
5	This is my new go-to location to get my eyebrows threaded! Love this location and the amazing customer service The ladies here are so nice and accommodating. If you are in this area I would definitely recommend this shop!
5	I love this location and the friendly service. The ladies here are super nice and did a very good job on my eyebrows. I like their attention to detail and goal to make every customer satisfied! I would recommend this location and look forward to my next visit.
5	Im writing this for the wife so not sure how helpful this will be. Im a man. I have a big manly beard. I dont touch my eyebrows.  For her though,  she really likes this place.  They do the eyebrows right everytime, never a long wait (if any at all), and free bottled water!  The dance music station they have on is most entertaining! Its like Paki/Hindi MTV!!! Cant go wrong here.
5	Amazing experience every single time I go! Not only are the ladies so welcoming when you arrive, they are good at what they do! My eyebrows were a wreck months ago and they have completely shaped them and made them look perfect! Even my son loves to go with me because they are so friendly. I will not go anywhere else! Thank you!!!
5	This is catalina b.i love this place Fabulous Eyebrow Threading located at North Las Vegas Nevada in Alliante. been to this place & I come back every 3 weeks. nari preya mona mina they all done such terrific jobs in shaping up eyebrows & etc. a very clean neat place to be in. I have coffee every time I go there at my choice of flavor.i notice that customers who been there keeps coming back again & again to have service done because the environment is very friendly. It is the proprietor & the employees working in that place that constitutes a nice friendly atmosphere to be in.  It makes me happy that I found this place in north Las Vegas.i heard the Fabulous  Eyebrow  Threading located in North Durango in Las Vegas is rated top also by customers. Congratulations for a job well done!
5	This week am going to Fabulous Eyebrow Threading in North Las Vegas  Nevada at Alliante  to have my eyebrow threading done. I had it done 3 weeks ago. Loves  this place, I call it a Beauty Place. It  does a great job, Awesome. The place is tidy & neat. Atmosphere is soothing & pleasant & having friendly people to talk to is something you look forward to on your next visit   & next  visits . lols. I have coffee everytime  I go. It's the 1st thing I do before I have my eyebrow &  chin threading done . Thank you Preya Nari Mona Mina Daya  for making your customers feel satisfaction each time we come into your beauty place to have service done. this is catalina b.
5	We recently moved to this side of town and was in search of a new eyebrow threading location. Although it was a little difficult to locate because my gps wouldn't get the directions right, it was so worth it. This place exceeded customer service skills and is very affordable! Cozy chairs and clean environment. They even put makeup back on my eyebrows unlike other places after getting them threaded! This will now be my to-go place for eyebrow threading.
5	This is catalina b. I am on my way to go to the fabulous eyebrow threading at Alliante in north Las Vegas Nevada to have my Eyebrow Threading Upper Lip & Chin Threading done. There are 3 locations . The recently grand OPENNING of the fabulous eyebrow threading this past Sunday before Thanksgiving of November 27 2014  in Henderson in Las Vegas Nevada, the other one is located at South Durango in Las Vegas Nevada & this place that I go regularly is at Alliante in North Las Vegas. At Fabulous Eyebrow Threading I like their Business Ethics they shown to each of their customers! I always drink coffee  they offered you everytime I come in. A friendly atmosphere is what a customer observes everytime and  this is why the Fabulous Eyebrow Threading  on all 3 locations is rated top on line in Eyebrow Threading in Las Vegas Nevada! Awesome place! Go here ! Don't go anywhere else!
5	Just had the best service with my mom and I. They gave the best tips for taking care of our eyebrows. This was my first time eyebrow threading and is be happy to go back here.
5	Fabulous eyebrow threading in North las Vegas is my favorite place for eyebrow threading upper lip lower lip.a trusted place to have this service done.luvzzz it.very friendly.good business ethics
5	Love this place! I used to go to eyebrows r u and wasn't satisfied with their service so I ventured out and found them. Their service is excellent, that staff is very friendly and my eyebrows came out wonderfully. This will be my new go to place for eyebrow threading!
5	12-22Updating my review because of the excellent customer service. The owner, Mearcy, saw my review and contacted me immediately to apologize. She asked me to come into the first location on S. Durango and  she removed and replaced my lashes for me free of cost. I will make sure to always to go her to get my lashes done. They look amazing now and are pain free! Very happy with her work. Now it is definitely worth the price. Just make sure to ask for her. She sometimes comes into this Aliante location. If not, I highly suggest you make the drive to see her in S. Durango if you want beautiful lashes. Thanks, Mearcy!12-21Cluster eyelash service I got today was terrible. My right eye is sore from the tons of glue that was applied onto it. Very sloppy work.  Left eye which was done second is decent but who would want just one decent eye after laying for an hour? Another thing I must mention is that she was back and forth from doing my lashes to helping people in the front touching the cash register and money and did not wash her hands! I had to tell her to wash them. This is a BIG NO. Hopefully I don't wake up with some sort of eye infection. I will have to buy eyelash glue remover tomorrow to remove some of the piled up glue on my lid so that it won't be so painful to blink and so I don't look like an insane person who doesn't know how to apply eyeliner. I give a star to the lady who did my girlfriend's eyebrows because they came out really good. 0 stars or my eyelash service. You get what you pay for.
5	I come here religiously every two to three weeks. My eyebrows have never looked better! The ladies know what they're doing and they are really sweet and nice!
