3	Lunch was only okay.  Service was okay, atmosphere nonexistent.    It's just a little hole-in-the-wall place that neither rises to greatness on the virtue of the food nor is so bad that you swear never to return.
3	If you avoid the lunch specials, this place deserves a 3-plus or maybe even a 4.  I was shopping at Target, I got hungry, I was craving Tom Kha Gai (chicken coconut soup).  It was quite good, with slices of fresh galanga root and fresh lime leaves, tender little pieces of lemon grass, shreds of fresh green chile, the usual canned mushrooms, identifiable pieces of chicken all in a sour-spicy-smooth coconut soup.  I should know better than to EVER order "lunch specials" in any Thai restaurant.
5	This place is fantastic!  If you are looking for an off the beaten path and unpretentious (hole in the wall) type of place for Thai food, this is your place! The owner Mr. Lee and his staff are very accommodating.  For my job, I frequently use catering from Thai Place and my clients are almost always satisfied!  Some items I recommend: beef or chicken satay, chicken pad thai, orange chicken, fried banana rolls, and fried rice.  The curries are also a delight!
4	Damn they don't play with the spices. I ordered mint chicken & the lady asked how spicy i wanted it. 1 being the mildest, & 10 being the spiciest. I said 6 cause i like my food spicy & i thought i could handle it. I hella needed some milk with that plate of mint chicken. Still delicious tho. I love thai place. I haven't ordered anything i didn't like from this restaurant. The quality is excellent.  The only thing is if you order food to go, I suggest you call first and then pick it up becaue it might take a while. Delicious none the less!
2	The chicken coconut soup was okay .. it was really smooth but I felt like it tasted kind of weird . I liked the thing that it came in though .. it looks really nice and fancy . The pad see ew was below average . It wasn't all that tasty and the beef was hard to chew . The thai iced tea wasn't that great either .
1	The chicken satay was rubbery and the rice dull. The cucumber was tasty, though. This is too bad, because the other times I've eaten here the food has been fine. Hope the cooking comes back to that level.
3	This is a classic, hole in the wall, average Thai restaurant.  The decor isn't anything too fancy, and the radio blares bad club music.  The walls are decorated with Thai tapestries.  The service isn't especially friendly.  Yep, my kind of Thai restaurant!  Today I ordered the Thai iced tea (which was quite nice, and served in a large glass), the pad see ew with pork, and the spicy fried rice with chicken.  The pad see ew pork was average, but good.  It might have been a little bit on the greasy side, but not too much.  The only real complaint I had here was that they don't serve Chinese broccoli.  It could have had a bit more flavor to it.  With some chili powder though, that problem was mostly solved.  The spicy fried rice was different.  It had more of a peppery flavor to the spice, and it was a flavor that I haven't had before in Thai food.  The rice was slightly greasy, but at least the peppery taste provided an interesting flavor.  Other than the unique flavor, there wasn't anything to rave about.  If the overall quality of the food was a little higher, I might have changed my mind on this one.Overall, I would say Thai Place is a descent enough Thai restaurant, but not somewhere I would go out of my way to get to.  The service was a little bit annoying, and the food was average.
4	Lunch at a bargain price! In this economy who isn't looking to save a buck.
3	When I lived in Vegas, this place was so good.  Unfortunately, when I visited last time, it was only ok.  I'll settle for 3 stars, in case I caught them on a bad day this last time.  I ordered the pad see eww noodles... they didn't have much flavor or many veggies in them.  Probably one of the worst examples I've had of that dish.  My friends however, still love their garlic chicken and some other chicken dish that they ordered.  Meh.  Vegas has too many good Thai joints to come back but I might go again if my friends really want to!Might see ya there.
4	Great food and lunch specials
3	Yeah I would say this is decent at best. I saw this restaurant while on my way to Target so I decided to walk-in and make an order. Unfortunately the service was less than average here which almost makes me not want to come anymore. That's really too bad considering I love Thai food myself.As for the food, my dinner was nothing much to write about to be honest. It was average at best. I mean this restaurant isn't terrible, but it can definitely be a lot better.
2	We order lunch from here regularly for over a year. It used to be great but the quality is really slipping over the last 6 months. Sometimes it is under cooked, sometimes the food is slimy. Overall it is very inconsistent. We keep ordering from here hoping it will be good again but it isn't... Also, they constantly say the food will be ready in 20 minutes and we have to wait there for an hour.
4	I'm usually not one to judge too much on what the interior looks like/gives back to the presentation of the food, but the decor is fairly average at best. Radio music in the background, nothing too culturally fancy. The afternoon I came here the place was virtually empty. My waitress was very attentive to my questions and my needs, even when she herself was having lunch (it doesn't bother me when employees themselves sit down to eat and are visibly doing so, at least I know they're not starving on the clock!)I enjoyed the cucumber salad, and was surprised when I got the Tofu Delight dish, since it's much more than one person could eat alone! It comes with a heaping scoop of rice, so the meal in itself can get you full relatively quick. Judging from the menu it seemed to be a typical hole in the wall Thai restaurant in Las Vegas, with the prices being around the typical average they would be in a Thai restaurant. My reason for four stars was the service alone, because when can you beat service when they are friendly and attentive?
4	i enjoyed their green curry and pad thai here. service was very friendly.
3	Best Pineapple fried rice I have ever had :)
5	They REALLY broke their heads thinking of a name. jk!....this place to its service and the food it was AMAZE. i always go thru it from getting off at work and one day tried it out. Iwas kinda iffy about it cus it looks so bland outside...but im glad i did!!!! it was pricey BUT you get ur moneys worth i order 2 things of the menu and it was enough for 3 and a toddler :D. The register lady was very nice and kept acknowledging me...soo big time kudos for that =)
4	The satays here are really good. Some of the best I've ever had. Their tofu delight is very delicious.
2	Vegas is supposed to be one of the food meccas of our country... and this place is one to avoid.Went here for lunch with coworkers and was disappointed.  The Pad Thai was pale looking and both tasteless and too sweet at the same time.  Another co-worker ordered some chicken dish that pretty much tasted like your run of the mill chinese sweet and sour chicken, but with the sauce already poured in.  The Tom Ka was bleh...All in all a disappointment... and this is after reading the reviews on yelp.  Las Vegas yelpers let me down on this one.
4	Go here once every two weeks and I get the same thing every time for lunch which is the chicken satay so I can't speak of any other dish. The satay is great and you get a ton of food for the lunch special with is only $6.99. I highly recommend this dish for the lunch special.
1	Went here to eat and should have known from the smell in the restaurant that the food was inferior. Ordered the combo won ton soup and stuffed chicken. It was horrible! The stuffed chicken was pretty bad in regard to the quality of it and was close to rancid. Did not finish (or start)Walked in after shopping at Target and was very disappointed! Will never go back. Price of the food  does not match the quality.Very Poor.
5	You don't come here to feel fancy--you come here for the spicy mint tofu and the fried banana coconut egg rolls! I don't live on that side of town and I drive over just for a fix. There are touches of decor and while I do eat in mostly, it is dated. The servers seem very nice and don't bother you too much, but they always come right over with a refill.The food is AMAZING--I don't feel bad for someone who gives a bad review for pad thai. uhg. That's like your friend who orders teriyaki chicken at a sushi place.
1	Worst Thai food in Vegas!!! And worst customer service!!! And beware they were closed down by the health department!!!
2	The food was a 3 out of a 10. I would bet my entire check they use frozen broccoli, peas and carrots. CONS: Garlic Beef - DRY           Green beef curry - frozen peas, carrots and string beans            Chicken and broccoli - frozen mushy broccoliPROS: They wrap everything secure for take out.
1	This got to be the worst Thai food I've eaten. Service is excellent though, but don't know that much English. Tasteless food. Pork ribs with too much fat. Like most of the reviews stated, this place seem more Chinese than Thai. Broccoli chicken seemed microwaved because the broccoli was crunchy and the chicken didn't taste like chicken. The eggrolls tasted like plastic, and the rice was very soggy. I will probably just come back for the Thai Tea and That Iced Coffee.
1	The food was gross and the service was rude and slow. It took us over an hour just to get out of there, and there were only 2 people in the entire restaurant. I don't want to waste time even going into detail over it cause I feel like enough time has already been wasted on this business.
3	Food was okay, nothing all that special.  I came here at the insistence of my colleagues as we were literally right around the corner.  I ordered the garlic shrimp and it came with a nice plate of shrimp and a plate of rice.  The food is really nothing to write home about but the service was kind of lacking.  I asked for a cucumber salad and instead they brought me a coke.  Waitress didn't really check in much.  This is one of those places you go to out of convenience.
1	I ordered chicken larb. I specifically said NOT spicy PLEASE. I don't know if it was the server or the cook who made the mistake but it was very spicy. I didn't have time to reorder or complain so I ate it anyways. My eyes watered. I actually love spicy food but my ulcer doesn't. I really don't know how much more clear I could be but I hate wasting food. And something tells me that it was a joke because the server kept asking me if it was ok, just that item. No others. Yeah, I just love waking up on Christmas day with a fire in my stomach. Merry f'n Christmas. Will never even consider looking at this dump again. Panda express has better Thai food than this place. I mean, because if they need to ruin a person's order to get attention then it's obvious it's not good.
