4	Situated in the same plaza as the Asian supermarket Lee Lee, Manila Bakery serves great pan de sal hot from the oven!!  Fresh-baked everyday, all day!  They're even topped with breadcrumbs... just like they do back home (Philippines).  Other must-tries:pan de coco, hopia mongoegg pie, cassava cakechicken empanadaThe bakery sells other items, such as pork empanada, hopia baboy, mamon, ensaymada (classic pastry adapted by the Filipinos from the Spaniards), ube halaya, and turon; some I'm tried, and others I haven't (due to food allergies).  BTW, don't be shy about asking them to pop one or more of the pastries (or empanadas) in the oven to enjoy at the store or as you walk out- they'll be more than happy to oblige you.  (Unfortunately, there is only one table inside the store- good for 5, maybe 6.  There is room for one or two more tables, though, so maybe the owner/baker/cashier and family members will be inspired to add in the future.  Would be nice to have some outside when the weather's nice.)The bakery does not have a credit card machine just yet.  This babv's brand-spanking-new!
3	Stopped by to take home some pan de sal and pan de coco.  Would've purchased an egg pie for Mom (I'd have enjoyed it, too!), but Leslie didn't have any.  I also purchased, though I didn't want it, some bibingka (serves about four, although it was missing the usual accoutrements of grated coconut and salted egg), which was fresh-from-the-oven.  I thought Leslie meant to have me taste it first since I'd never had it here before, but next thing I knew he was charging me for it.  Thus, a lower rating.  Good news!  MB now offers merienda treats from 10 am to 6 pm.  Merienda menu:1. Dinuguan (pork stew)2. Pancit Guisado (fried noodles that could include mixed meats, seafood, and veggies)3. Pancit Palabok (noodles topped with sliced hard-boiled egg, shrimp, crushed pork rind, green onion, and smoked fish flakes)4. Pancit Canton (similar to lo mein)All are $4.50 per serving.  Puto is available for purchase to complement the dinuguan.  Leslie now also offers siopao!  That's the Filipino version of xiao bao.  I didn't inquire, but traditional fillings are bbq pork and bbq chicken.  I'd have bought some pancit just so that I could photograph them (I'd just eaten), but I arrived too late.  Another time, then.  In the interim, I hope you enjoy the food porn :)FYI, Manila Bakery now accepts debit cards, along with cash.  Still no on credit, though.
1	I went here to buy some pan de sal and empanadas and they were horrible! The pan de sol tasted like it was made dayyyyyyys ago, not fresh at all. The empanadas looked like like they were going to taste good, but the crust was so hard! I had to break it off to get to a decent part I could actually chew, but after a few bites I spit it out. Yes, it was that bad. I will never go back here again.
1	It was so so so bad:( Empanadas were hard as a rock and the filling tasted like bad Lipton soup, ugh.I got something else (maybe an ensaimada?) it was just so horrible I don't even remember.
1	I really wanted to like this place s the owner was very nice but at the end of any Gustatory  transaction the thing of importance is the food. Maybe I should have heeded Aileen's suggestion of going really early but instead I went there during lunch time (12:30 ish). I must say the Mung bean pastry (mongo monia??)  was horribly dry and hard which was the only baked good I tried. Of their fresh cooked fare I tried the Pancit Palabok and the Vegetable Lumpia. The noodle dish  was seriously bland and the noodles soggy. The vegetable Lumpia was dripping in oil. Such a disappointment... sigh have to try a little further .. maybe Jeppens...
