5	After months of research, my best friend brought me over to meet Dr. Zamboni. His consultations are $50-- Which I like. He's one of the best surgeons in the country and he doesn't have time for flakey people filling up his schedule with free consults.My original meeting with him was brief yet thorough. I knew exactly what I wanted and he knew exactly what to do. He doesn't act like a salesman and he won't upsell you --like you're in a restaurant. Other "Popular" doctors in town, one in particular, over exaggerated my needs and wanted to charge me $4,000 more than Dr. Zamboni. Now, you DO get what you pay for.. BUT paying the most doesn't guarantee you the best.  Dr. Zamboni is NOT cheap, but--- if you want to look good and be happy with your final result... save up! Dr. Zamboni has a revolutionary recovery practice as well. His website explains his technique to ensure every patient is comfortable, before and after their procedure. A very common side effect from anesthesia is the chills and nausea .. I woke up comfortable and WARM under heated blankets in his recovery room. I felt very aware of my surroundings and wasn't dazed and confused like I originally expected to be.  I had an unexpected skin allergy from the internal stitches. I am probably the first person to ever have this... my luck!! It caused some scar tissue over the last few weeks. So the doctor was treating me with a newer ultra sound wave therapy... all at NO COST TO ME!... Unfortunately my body hates me (haha) and I need the scar tissue removed surgically.. AGAIN.. no cost to me.  I will post another review after that procedure takes place.I'm honored to be Dr. Zamboni's first reviewer. He is an AMAZING doctor and  I would recommend him to anyone in need of any kind of cosmetic procedure!Any questions about him or my procedure feel free to message me!
5	There aren't enough words or yelp stars to describe what I owe to this amazing person. Dr. Zamboni is one of a kind. He saved my life. There are no words to explain that feeling to yelpers. As my previous review of him mentioned that I needed a follow up procedure on one of my breast implants. He did not charge me for the scar tissue capsulectomy. I'm not sure who is familiar with breast implants and medical stuff but Capsular Contracture is somewhat of a complication of the surgery. There are some doctors that say they know how to avoid it, but the bottom line is that there is NO PROOF or Preventative treatment to avoid a scar capsule. It has to do with the individual. Some people get it, some do not.I skipped into the office the next day because I felt amazing.....He made me aware that The allergic reaction that I had from my first surgery in November  caused a rare type of scar tissue that fused to my pectoral muscle. Painful, but wasn't a life ender.  I had my 2nd surgery on 1/24. Everything was fantastic ...........Until I woke up at 3AM on Wednesday 1/30/13 morning, my whole implant pocket was swollen, purple, and tripled in size. So my husband rushed me to the ER, (which was a nightmare that will be in a separate review/, BIG mistake going to the ER)I ended up leaving the hospital and going immediately to my surgeon. I didn't take 2 steps in the door before the whole staff was prepared for my arrival. They had be set up for emergency surgery in less than 90 minutes! He  had to take out the implant again where he discovered a hematoma that bled over 400ccs in 2 hours! He had to cauterize the blood vessel to stop the bleeding.It's a lot on someone's body to go through this but the worst is over. I was close to getting a deathly blood clot that could have killed me. That's not cool.. Everything is slowly getting better... Wish me luck my Yelpers !Nikki B
5	I had 4 surgeries in the last 14 years (my husband had one) - Dr. Zamboni is the BEST doctor I know.  I adore him! If you are looking for a plastic surgeon, call Dr. Zamboni.  You will not regret it.
1	recently one of the implants inserted by dr zamboni ruptured... called office right away to make sure there was no silicone involved, to make a long story short! i still don't know!  i believe it was saline but...... would have been nice to know or at least offered an appointment for him to check!!!!   ignored... ex patient.... giving a -10 review
