4	This was one of my favorite Chinese places in C-U, and it's just a tiny place with a few tables.  Not expensive at all.  I think there was a Chinese grandmother in the kitchen, lovingly preparing meals to be served, but even if not that's how I felt after eating here.  Good lo mein, and more recently they've added Thai entrees.  Most dishes are vegetarian.
3	we can no longer call this place HOG...since they added the Thai.Delivery is nice.  Tofu Pad Thai, not so nice.  Lacking a few of the standard components.  Also super hot, like it cleared out my sinuses hot.Next time i'll stick to some standard Chinese fare.
3	A chowhound sort of place, HOG has some good food and some horrible food. The problem is that the menu is so undecipherable that it's hard to make good choices. Word of mouth is the only way to go here. When I went the luck route I ended up with Tom Yum that seemed to contain pieces of wood. When I relented to a friend's suggestion, I had the most wonderful savory cumin beef with cilantro. Not so great ingredients and they skimp on some major components of dishes (the pad thai looks like noodles with some sauce and meat...and nothing else), but occasionally you can get good things here.
4	ZOMG this place is a UIUC mainstay. It is fairly cheap and you get lots of asian food. To be fair the food can be greasy but it's college, you probably get worse in the dorms.Chicken Pad Thai with no egg? GAME OVER. HoG wins.
1	Can we say gross? I had their quick lunch -- 2 entree combo for 6.50, and omg it was horrible. It's not as if I had high expectations.... I just wanted something edible for lunch! The fried rice is super soy-sauced and brown (which is not the way it should be). The orange chicken was nothing like Panda Express (an Americanized Chinese chain out West). Literally, I went orange eating it. Sadness.
1	Just bad.  I've been their twice now and both times I regretted it.  The second time I went there, I ordered some chinese vegetables (we intended to get bok choy, but we said the names of a few other chinese vegetables and they ended up giving us one of those).  The chicken dish I got was just bad, extremely oily and americanized, and not what we wanted at all.  The veggies were good and like what you can get at any real chinese place, and maybe if you order all of your dishes in chinese you can actually get something more legit, but the stuff they are going to serve to normal everyday non-chinese-speakers is bad.
2	I worked here for a few months (August until two days ago).  I was fired on a very contrived reason - I think it was because this place doesn't get enough business.Location is pretty bad for visibility, even if it's convenient to campus.  Food is very average, but I like it more than, say Panda Express.  My parents run a restaurant so I have experience (which is why I was hired in the first place) - this is one of the most inefficiently-run restaurants ever.  The vegetable dishes are good, though, and the Chinese-language menu is generally good quality if you don't mind a wait.  The bosses both cook when necessary, but it's best to come during weekdays, when the main cook is in.  The hot pot is also fairly popular, but most of the meats are frozen.  Other things that are frozen include the "Wheaten Foods" menu (potstickers, wontons, and meat buns).  I think that's pretty SOP here in CU, though.Portion sizes are okay.  They definitely shrank in the 3 months I worked there.  I won't analyze pricing, because I'm not used to eating out, but I think most people consider them fair or just slightly overpriced.Things to not get include the highly-Americanized items on the menu, especially those with breaded chicken in them.  The quick lunch was phased out mostly - now it's a selection of two Chinese braised dishes, so they keep pretty well (and have an average turnover).  Instead, they now offer "Combos," which are your standard rice and a main dish, with an egg roll.  They used to give a soda with these, but now only offer iced tea, hot tea, or a small bowl of egg drop or hot and sour soup.  Don't get the soups (including noodle soups) or appetizers unless you really like egg rolls (they're decent but nothing special).  Certain dishes like the pork with mustard greens (P10, IIRC) are frozen, but I think they're probably okay if you don't mind them defrosting/reheating via microwave.  The smoothies and bubble tea are a no-no - they're edible and not too terrible, or so I hear, but go to Evo's or some other place for these; the slushies are okay if you don't mind a lot of sugar.  Most customers seem okay with the fish, but it doesn't look too great to me (aka it smells, and fresh fish doesn't).  To qualify that last statement, it doesn't reek like rotten fish, but you can definitely get a stronger smell than I think is usual when you gut one (I bass fish at home and clean my own catch) - plus, while it's inevitable, it's frozen and quick-defrosted (aka in the sink, in a water bath with direct contact, rather than through a bag).  Hardly sanitary).Like some other reviews have stated, they really do skimp as much as possible on ingredients, equipment, etc.  Ingredients come in on Thursday nights from Far East, and I'm not sure when other ingredients come in.  However, I'd say to come on Friday, because they probably push the old vegetables on Thursday (I only worked TR lunch and Sundays, so I can't say for certain).A few big points about the owners' behavior (which they also try to instill in the workers): first, they will try to dissuade you from getting something that they feel is too much trouble to cook at the moment, never mind if they have all the ingredients ready (usually this is because it's busy); secondly, they do cut corners, as aforementioned.  Another thing that most people probably aren't too concerned about because they aren't very aware of it, is the matter of the "special soup."  They only give it to regular customers, but more generally to any Chinese or Chinese-speaking customers.  If you're not Chinese/speaking-proficiency or a repeat customer who asks, tough luck (I've seen this attitude referred to on foodie blogs as "soup Nazism").  A last point on their behavior is that they will lie about what they have and don't have, especially when it comes to drinks or if they feel they're too busy to bother with your order.  Normally this happens with drinks (they keep changing their Combo meals, and they decided to stop giving sodas with them because they didn't want to stock up); they will also refuse to make you a smoothie or other blended drink if they're busy.Basically, they have an undersized facility, an undertrained staff (one of the bosses in particular gets in the way more than he keeps things going), an undersized staff, and basically a very mediocre business model.  I'm kind of astounded they've survived, but if you know what to get, you can get a pretty decent meal here.To conclude, there aren't a lot of repeat customers, but they try to treat the ones they recognize well.  However, I went to Cravings with a friend yesterday, and I saw a lot of former customers that stopped coming there.  I'd say they made a good choice (Cravings has much better service, food, and atmosphere).  Other good Chinese restaurants in the area, in no particular order, include Mandarin and Lai-Lai.  The Wok in Mahomet is legendary among the Chinese on campus, but that's another story
4	I really enjoyed the authentic Chinese food I had at lunch here.  The food tasted good and the service was very friendly and helpful.For the uninitiated, there are basically three menus here.  I think that maybe if they stuck to one menu, they'd get better ratings.The best menu is their authentic Chinese menu.  This is on the wall to the right as you enter.  It is in both Chinese and in English, but includes almost exclusively authentic Chinese dishes.  The dishes I had were off this menu, were cooked by their Chinese chef, and were excellent - high in flavor, good textures, I'd eat them again anytime.The second menu is on the left as you come in, and this is mostly Americanized Chinese foods.  I think these may not usually be cooked by their Chinese chef, but instead by their non-Chinese workers.The third menu is the menu of Thai items. The owner is Chinese, so while I haven't actually ordered from the Thai menu, I wouldn't expect great things from it.The decor in the place is typical unpretentious Chinese, which is to say plain and frayed at the edges.  Disposable plates and cups don't make much for ambiance, but most inexpensive but authentic Chinese places focus on the food and not the decor.I deliberated on whether to give them three or four stars, but ultimately I've going with four because I did really enjoy the food I had, and the service was very good.  Order off the authentic (right-hand) side of the wall, insist you want it cooked authentically, and I think you'll go home happy.
5	I went to eat at this place when I was in town- the traditional menu is incredible.  The place is small, but man the food is AMAZING!!!!!
1	While the smoothies are good (especially the banana) their food and service is less than desirable. I have tried to like this place and give it multiple chances, yet every time I left wishing I went somewhere else. Every time (no joke) they have messed up my order. Save yourself the trouble and go somewhere else. Sorry.
5	This is my favorite Chinese place down here. They have countless options and their menu is large, seeing that it spreads across half the damn store.I am a fan of their authentic Chinese food, but their non-traditional Chinese food is even better and this is the only place in Urbana-Champaign that reminds me of Chinese restaurants in Chicago. And that's a good thing for HOG.Their fried rice is amazing as always, I usually get the Shrimp or Combination and the entire staff there is friendly. Gotta love this place. If you haven't visited it yet, you should.
3	The below poster was correct: there are really three menus here. Stick to the Chinese one and avoid disappointment. The food from that menu is authentic and, if that were the only menu this restaurant had, it would receive four stars. Unfortunately the review of that menu must be balanced by the much poorer Americanized Chinese food they serve. If you want something small to try, order a steamed pork bun and a glass of warm soy milk. It's a cheap, classic snack.
1	Ate here a while ago and didn't really like the food. Read the bad reviews. Knew it was not going to be that great. Decided to go again because I wanted to try something different.Got this Chinese fish dish that was just absolutely horrible. Fish fillet floating in grease with absolutely no taste. I could make something better at home.Avoid at all cost. Why go here when there are much better restaurants around.On another note, apparently they have hotpots there now? Maybe I'll stop by there again just for the hot pot even though I'll probably end up regretting it, again.
1	I really love chinese food but this place was absolutely horrible. I tried two dishes but both of them tasted real bad and smelled weird as well. Never go here. They have the worst food in entire Urbana-Champaign area.
4	This place is under new management and is much improved. Huge crowds, but fast takeaway service.
5	To reiterate what has been said a couple times already, NEW OWNERSHIP/MANAGEMENT. Over the summer of 2012 they completely gutted the kitchen and put in all new appliances according to the owner. Home of Gourmet should be considered to be on par with the other respected Chinese venues on campus. In fact, six years ago the current owners of Home of Gourmet once operated Cravings and they they sold cravings to its current ownersThe lunch and dinner serving styles are different. Both are extremely good deals. Lunch is served like a school cafeteria with 6-9 entrees offered that alternate daily. 2 entrees + a ton of white rice + free drink = $5.50.Dinner is fantastic. Variety on the menu is incredible; over 100 different dishes offered. Portion sizes are huge and i think prices are extremely reasonable especially considering 2 people can share most entrees (from the Chinese menu) as a complete dinner. Free Hot Tea.My favorite dishes: The stir fried green beans are unbelievable. They chili oil fish is fantastic if you like spicy food and fish. The "Indonesian fried rice" is identical to the jakarta fried rice from cravings. Ma Po Tofu has a truly authentic mala spicy taste. The employees are very willing to tweak any dish to any preferred taste.Downsides: Small venue so it gets extremely crowded noon-1 and 6-7.
5	I've heard that this place is now under new ownership, but I never tried it under its old ownership.  I've come here three times now and am excited to add it to my Campustown rotation.  The owner and staff are very friendly and accommodating, and are more than happy to explain dishes to us westerners.  As my friend Matthew G. noted, lunch is served cafeteria style, while you order dinner off of the menu.  The lunch is a great deal, with 3 entrees and rice for about 6 or 7 dollars.  I've been trying to order the more authentic dishes on the lunch menu, and my favorites are the napa cabbage and the dry spicy chicken.  I look forward to coming back again and ordering off of the dinner menu.  It is a small interior with limited seating, so it gets very crowded at peak hours.  The lunch line moves quickly.
5	I love this place. The name is so quirky too, which is what originally drew me in. The restaurant is set up cafeteria style, with employees serving around 10 different dishes some of which rotate. The braised fish, egg and imitation crab dish, jalapeno chicken, and baby bok choi are wonderful. You get a choice between a large portion of rice or a rice noodle dish to go with it. Oh, and not to mention they have the BEST General Tso's I've ever had. it's not all made of the batter and sauce like most places. You actually taste the chicken here. It is sooo cheap, and you get a mountain of food. I can never finish all of mine! The ladies serving are so friendly as well. If you want, you can ask for a bowl of egg drop soup in place of a drink.There is also a large menu on the wall if you're willing to wait for them to cook you something fresh, but I've always been too drawn in by what I see when I walk in to bother with that.
5	The husband and I went here for dinner takeout last night.Wow!  I was super impressed.  I ordered off the "authentic" (?) Chinese menu that hangs above the counter, getting the dry garlic-flavored fish (h12 on the menu).  The fish was nicely fried and covered in lots of little bits of near-charred garlic, ginger, and onions.  It was delicious.  When we go out to eat we usually want to try a bunch of things (and have leftovers), so my husband got lemongrass beef.  If you like peppers, that is the dish for you.  The beef was very peppery tasting, but the lemongrass added a deeper flavor, too.  In spite of not particularly enjoying peppers I found myself stealing bites.As other reviews have said, the portions are large and inexpensive.  Two people could easily eat here for $7.  The restaurant is small and it was crowded when we went.  I'd recommend takeout.
5	Eat here. Eat everything here. Or don't eat here. Come here don't eat, sit, and watch everyone else eat their deliciousness while crying. Leave. Come back the next day and do it again. Do it the next day. The next week. The next month. Go home and think about your life. Go to the gym. Study for an exam. Do everything to not think about the food. Walk drunkenly past and sober up at the sight of it. Then collapse. Curl up against the door of the place whose food has inhabited every facet of your life. Wait sleeplessly for dawn. Crawl in the second they open the door and point quivering at anything on the menu. Wait the eternity for the gift from above to get to you. Then take the first bite and let your life end in a thousand dashing, fleeting moments of emotion. Leave and never be the same again.
5	Don't be put off by its humble size and decor. There are many Chinese restaurants on campus but this one is by far the best. Its portions are more than generous. I'm not just giving them 5 stars for "value," though; the food here is legitimately so tasty and rich in flavor. They boast versatility in creating authentic Chinese grandma style dishes to Panda Express style dishes. Each dish is distinct too, not like other places around here that use the same sweet and sour sauce on everything. To top it off the service is always friendly, and super generous. Honestly my friends I come here at least once a week, and we're always gonna come back.  We are currently making " I heart HOG" shirts. This place is serious.
5	This restaurant is AMAZING! I've never gotten more value as a college student in my life. This place's value rivals even McDonald's McChickens. Anyways, the lunch special is $5.50 for two entrees and you can add more entrees for $0.50 each. This place was packed with international students when I came for lunch, and that's how you KNOW it's authentic and quality. The hot & spicy chicken was definitely good. Their tofu dish was also very good. I got to select from maybe 12 pre-prepared dishes for the lunch special (I think they switch the dishes out daily), and I got to pick a side of either rice or rice noodles. I got rice noodles. The amount they gave me was jaw dropping. A lunch special honestly equals about two meals. If you order only two entrees, they pack in more of the entrees to fill the box, so I think it's a better deal to just get two if you don't mind less variety. I was full to the point of feeling sick after trying to finish an entire meal. The lunch special also comes with a free soda or water which makes this place even more so the winner winner chicken dinner. Oh my goodness, how I love Home of Gourmet.
1	The items off the regular menu are okay for what they are: cheap, fast food. But ordering from the lunch special, cheap as it is, can't be justified-- the food is plainly awful. The rice has the chemical aftertaste of tap water, the prawns are fried to a crisp (more crisp than meat and impossible to chew), and the chicken left me feeling like no amount of water could unpucker my mouth. It was dry and salty, 60% bland sauce, 30% of some unbreakable striated shell, and 10% actual chicken, and it tasted like the weird, gamey, dark, almost powdery dry gunk you get from the scraps off a chicken bone. And half the lunch box was made up of the rice aforementioned. I would only come back for the green beans. But why the hell would I do that?
5	$6 lunch you get a big box of authentic chinese food with a pop. Great value and very cheap. Good for both american and chinese and always packed during lunch. Hope they have more space. Service is so-so but understandable since they are so busy.
5	I love HOG, I can't say that enough. Sure, it looks kind of crummy from the outside, but don't be deceived, it is a great hidden diamond of goodness. Easily best Chinese on campus (yes, even over cravings).Go there for the lunch and dinner specials, you get two entrees over rice or noodles for 5.50. It's only 50 cents to add on another entree. Listen, they don't mess around with the portions. They give you A LOT of food, for so little!  And it's damn good food too. Everything I've gotten here I've liked. The dishes are all put together well. If you're a scared baby get the orange chicken or kung-pao whatever dish they have during the lunch/dinner special. When you want something more go for the spare ribs, green beans, and pork meatballs. You can't go wrong here.
