1	From the outside the hotel looks very nice. Once we checked in to and made our way to the room things changed a bit.  There is a horrible order on the outside next to the pool almost smelled like rotten eggs.  In our room you could not smell it however once you get to the pool it was very apparent.   The room seemed ok however there were several lamps that had bulbs that were blown out the shower curtain rod was broken. The room was very loud. We were on the first floor and the people upstairs were very loud and it sounded like a heard of elephants.  You can hear the plumbing every time they flushed or turned on the water. The ac unit kept the room cool however it would go on and off all night long.  We ordered room service one night and put the plates on the outside of our room and the next evening they were still there. On a good note the staff was friendly and did accommodate us on some of the requests we had (picking up the old room service and providing some extra towels)
5	If you aren't looking for it you will pass right by it because it looks like an apartment complex. If you live in the Phoenix area you know Fountain Hills in the middle of nowhere. I booked this hotel because it was close to Fort McDowell casino and it's like a 5-8 min drive away. We also went to Saguro lake which is about a 15-20 min drive away. Room was pretty big had high ceilings so it made it look even bigger I had a corner room on the first floor so noise wasn't an issue a/c worked perfectly bed was comfy it was one of the cleanest rooms I've ever been in. Also it had real carpet like thick plush carpet you find in homes which was different and nice. It has a mini fridge and coffee maker too if that's important to you.Target is about 6 mins away it's pretty much the only retail store that's close unless you go to Scottsdale or Mesa (15-30 mins away) Gas stations are up the street not walking distance though. There is a restaurant attached to it and also a shopping center across the street that I didn't get to go to but it was mostly places you could eat and like beauty salons.Places in Fountain Hills close early so if you want something to eat after 9pm you are SOL unless you go in the casino. It's right across from the famous fountain Fountain Hills is known for. It's surrounded by mountains so great views everywhere.Will DEFINITELY book here again if we decided to come to the casino again.
3	Price is right. Especially for the area.. Rooms could use a little remodel.. Smells kinda old and the carpet is worn.. Staff at night isn't always the friendliest..But again, you can't beat the price.. I will keep coming back.
4	This hotel was great, great price, great room, great location.  Never ate at the restaurant, so this review is not about the restaurant onsite, and I never used the free wifi as I have my own.  You simply cannot beat the location, it's across the infamous lake, within close walking distance to plenty of restaurants and services.  Outside of the property is kept up, lobby and public areas just fine, and my room on the third floor (not looking over the lake) was perfect, two queen beds, refrig, microwave all included.  I read the other reviews here and gotta wonder...Tranquil, peaceful setting, great view at night of the lighted trees and businesses across the way.If I found my way here again, I'd definitely stay here again.
