5	I was really surprised to find La Cerise sitting pretty in this dingy, dreich part of town. If you could talk to cafe's, I'd ask "what's a cafe like you doing in a place like this?"More like a Parisian deli than a cafe in Edinburgh, the delightful La Cerise glimmers like a jewel in this downtrodden area of Leith. With homemade cakes, Greek pastries, pies and amazing ice cream, it is homemade continental cooking at its best. Served up off cold slabs, the apple pie looks to die for, and they have delicious specials of the day for low prices. I on the otherhand skipped straight to dessert and had some lovely, creamy chocolate ice cream (which is homemade I believe).The place is decorated in rich reds and greens, and its ornate appeal and Victorian tiles give it a very turn of the 20th century, bohemian appeal. You can imagine a genteel generation keeping up with their memoirs in a place like this. It adds a bit of much needed flavour to this tacky area, and is a welcome break to the line of takeaways living beside it. If you can be bothered trudging through the rougher end of Leith to get to it, you will be rewarded with fantastic, eager service with a smile, delicious food and lovely surroundings. It fits the standard of the Royal Mile, but Leith should be happy to have it in this area!
4	Although a committed Southsider, I always kind of love this far end of Great Junction Street just for its ... Leithness (and not sure that equates to dingy and dreich - ref earlier review), so was delighted to find that this gem has opened up. Like the Manna House on Easter Road, I feel that this place does not have any airs or graces, or desire to attract a trendy crowd, hipsters, or yummy mummies, but just serves up great coffee, food and cakes to the wide range of people living around this area. The interior is pretty stunning (look up at the ceiling) and the staff charming.
5	I *love* La Cerise. I desperately wish it was open at the weekend but I'm told by the staff there that the head baker lady is *so* innundated with cake orders for weddings and such that she needs the weekend to make them all!Like others reviewing before me I'd agree that the savoury options are a little limited, and the ones I have had have been acceptable but utterly pale in comparison to their...AMAZING PUDDINGS!!!!!!oh my bloody fucking good how good are the desserts here? The chocolate mouse was my first La Cerise love. It is truly wonderful, it melts in the mouth with a just right sweetness. Then there's the chocolate tart. Get it warmed up by the staff (the usually offer) so that it oozes gently, mixed with the incredible home made coconut ice cream and it's a winner combo. Or yesterday I had a peanut butter and Jam brownie. Which actually tasted of both peanut butter AND jam, unlike so many other attempts I've tried in my life. Really for it's little failings La Cerise should be getting 4 stars but the quality of it's puddings are so, SO good that It gets 5 stars from me anyway!
4	Having La Cerise just down the road from work is both a blessing and a curse... a curse in the sense that I want to lunch from here far too often than is good for the budget!The service is always friendly, the food is always fantastic, the coffee is pretty good and they make their own ice cream on site.. what's not to like??!!I think their prices are quite reasonable as well for the quality of food you get. All their sandwich options you can have in your choice of panini, croissant, wrap or bun.  There's usually a soup of the day, pasta of the day (often lasagne or mac & cheese) as well as a vege option of the day.If you're in the area, don't hesitate to pop in for a bite!
4	This is a wee gem of a place on Great Junction Street, and a favourite of mine for a lunchtime treat. The sandwiches are lovely, and the cakes are also fantastic. The place has the vibe of a French patisserie, and you can sit in or take away. Customer service is always top notch, the ladies at La Cerise are attentive and helpful and make your sandwiches from scratch. There's also a big ice cream cabinet, but I've not had the pleasure of tucking into it yet. Looks perfect for the summer time!
