4	If you are going to Cafe Martorano make sure you are hungry. These people aren't fucking around with the portions (think Bucca di Beppo portion size but also really fuckin good!) The place is also super loud, if you go before 8pm they are usually playing some sort of gangster movie (think Scarface, Casino or Goodfellas) on all 50 of the flat screened TVs located throughout the restaurant with the sound rotating between Sinatra or Bennet and the movie during a good killing scene. Makes for some great atmosphere. As it gets later in the evening the Executive Chef Joey Martorano (who looks like he was on the Sopranos) will actually alternate his time between the kitchen and the DJ Booth spinning some hip grooves. Literally its like you are having one of the best Authentic Italian dinners at Rain or Tao, its so loud.That being said the place is really good. I am a sucker for good orchiette and bolognese. Both of these rocked. The orchiette wasn't the best I've ever had (I've been spoiled with great orchiette) but it was pretty damn good. One of my clients had the Fra Diavolo with lobster and Crab and it was divine.The last time I went we had dinner at the bar and had one of the best bar dinners I've ever had thanks to Stephanie. She was on point with everything from food descriptions to cocktails and she was super hot and busted my friends balls shamelessly when he tried to throw half ass pickup lines at her. I will definitely be back.By the way the place is not cheap by any means.
1	i wish this thing had an option to vote 0 stars because this place was a piece of shit.  The chef looks like a ghetto wrestler who should be fighting on UFC and his dishes are so unrefined, he probably NEVER went to culinary school, or else he used to be a sous chef at olive garden.  On the menu, he writes,..."This is how i cook, dont break my balls" he has got to be the most ignorant uneducated fool who got a chance to cook.  The service was mediocre, food is WAYYY overpriced. NEVER GO HERE.  The food? IT WAS TERRIBLE.  I like my pasta "al dente" but he didnt even cook his pasta.  The sauce was OK, a little salty, but i couldnt get over the pasta.  It was like biting into a straw.  This chef needs to learn how to cook pasta.  Thats foundation stuff.  He SUCKS!!!!  FOOD SUCKS, the restaurant vibe SUCKS, and i give it a big FAT ZERO.  He needs to go back to wherever the hell he came from, and maybe try cooking again after taking some high school level foods classes.ugh::UPDATE::this is what the chef of this place has to say after reading a bad review of his place.  Instead of apologizing and inviting me back to redeem himself, he writes..."From   user photoSteven M.Sent  3 days ago   You obviously have no idea what flavor is.. I'm sure you are accustomed to Olive Garden type food since you seem to be a pro .. However, Cafe Martorano uses only the best quality products... Come in and show your face we will definitely give you a tour and show you products I'm sure you have never seen and with your non existing culinary background I'm sure you cant pronounce "
5	i feel bad for those that didn't get the good experience.  i was there w/ a bunch of guys so we mingled at the bar before we got seated.  if you want to a nice quiet romantic date don't come here because your eyes and ears will be occupied by music, tv, and lights.  once our table was ready the waiter greeted us and placed wings on our plates.  we sat and started to grub on our free wings... boy was it good!  they only offer a verbal menu so you have to pay close attention to what the waiter says.  ok, make sure you order their philly cheesesteak appetizer cuz it's freakin awesome!  that thing seriously melts in your mouth.  i ordered their lobster thing w/ risotto and again.. super yummy.  their portions are HUGE so make sure you go on a empty stomach.  chef martorano was there that nite so it was coo to see him in action.  i dunno why people are hating on the location just cuz its at the rio... it might look ghetto but my room was awesome.  maybe they were staying at the cheap towers.  have fun at cafe martorano!
1	Frank Sinatra on the sound system, The Godfather on the TVs...  spare me, please.  I particularly enjoyed the 10 or so photos of the owner with d-list celebrities that kept scrolling on the TVs that weren't playing the Godfather.  The food was decent but the whole "Staten Island via South Philly" ambience pretty much ruined it.
4	Wow we were surprised by the number of negative reviews for this restaurant.  We thought this place was awesome.  We totally enjoyed the ambiance of Motown music with mobster movies playing on the big screens throughout the restaurant.  You are in Vegas lighten up!!!  We waited for about 15 minutes at the bar and we were first introduced to the rule that nothing but wine and beer were served in the dining area and at first we felt a bit put off by this but in the end we think it is a brilliant idea.  First of all the portions are HUGE!!!!  We ordered the Eggplant Stack as an appetizer and it was not only huge but very tasty.  For our entree we ordered the Chicken Downtown and let me just tell you it was absolutely foodgasmic.  As we had no room for dessert we can't report on that, but we can say our service was right on and our experience was fabulous.  This is Italian served South Philly style with lots of attitude and lots of flavor.
3	The ambiance is alright..it is not a romantic place.  I went on NYE with a few friends and we were told going in it is a $50 minimum per person.  we thought, well, it's like 40 bucks a plate so with a bottle of wine and all we should be good.    we had a good waiter, was timely with service.  4 of us got the special which was a chilean sea bass with lemon butter sauce and one had the veal.  the chilean sea bass was ok...because it was an oily fish to begin with, putting on a cream lemon butter sauce made it a little too heavy.  the risoto was a little too rich, but the spinach was good.  i usually like my bass roasted or steamed, this was good but it was a little too much.  the portions were huge.  my friend said that pasta was a little under cooked.  i think he liked the veal though because they finished it.  at the end of the day, don't expect cheap stuff at vegas.  this restaurant is not a lovey dovey place but more for just friends hanging out.  there are better restaurants on the strip though, so this could b a second or third choice if other choices are unavailable...
1	It was a hot day in Vegas and the first thing I asked for was a glass of water.  "No tap water, you need to buy a bottle.  House rules."  They gave me a glass of ice and allowed me to wait for it to melt.  We got an eggplant parmesan appetizer that was drenched in far too much salty balsamic vinegar.  The "fresh" buffalo mozzarella cheese was the toughest, most rubbery mozz I've ever had.  Fell way below expectations for a $25 appetizer.  Finally, the atmophere was bizarre with old-school Italian dark woods and black and white photos of various actors, but the room is flooded with wacky pink and blue neon lights.  With so many other dining options in Vegas, don't waste your time and money on this place.
5	anyone who reviewed this place must have not been to the original martoranos! Why this place wasnt packed when we went there on a saturday night is beyond me!The food was the best! I know italian food and this was excellent! The staff was attentive and our waiter recomended the eggplant stack, the best app i had in all my time in vegas!!!! we shared the veal for our main and it too was excellent. This place would do great if it was like the one on lauderdale. I wonder why it isnt. This is real italian food, not the olive garden! i thought it was great!im shocked at the other reviews. and the prices werent bad for vegas
1	Rating: 0/5Date of visit: 5/23/08We went to Cafe Martorano based on rave reviews from one member of our party (there were 5 of us) who had been there previously. The experience we had was awful. It should also be said that my friend (the one who had been there before) agreed that the experience was awful and the polar opposite of what had happened the last time she came. I have joined Yelp specifically to post this review and hopefully save people from an expensive and altogether disappointing experience. You would be better served spending a similar amount of money at any of the top-class restaurants on the Strip. One big red flag went up when I saw the chef-owner had written on the menu (and I quote): "Absolutely no changes or substitutions.  This is how I cook.  Please enjoy and don't break my balls!"I don't enjoy references to testicles on my dining menu. -Initially, they made us wait about 10 minutes for a table. Not bad--until we realized the dining room was empty. Why make the party wait? Another red flag that something was wrong when on a Friday night, there was almost no business.  -We were invited to wait by the bar, but did not want to have a drink until we sat down--at which point the bartender asked us if we thought we were "too good for his bar." As a customer, I don't appreciate being questioned as to why I want or don't want a drink. -Upon sitting down, we were asked if we wanted "sparkling or flat" water--and wanted flat (or rather, TAP water), not realizing we were buying ourselves bottles of water. Later, the waiter sounded irritated when we asked for tap water, although he did give it to us. -We were never offered drinks or dessert. Luckily, by the time we got to dessert, all we wanted to do was get out of there. -The wait staff never really checked on us (aside from the one time they refilled our water. when they did come over, they made some snide comment to one of the people in our group. Wait staff was incredibly rude. I guess our first waiter's shift must have ended in the middle of our meal; he just disappeared. I understand that he had to leave, but in most (good) restaurants I have been in, the waiter will at least let you know that they are leaving and someone else wiil be taking care of you. We only realized it when at the end a different waiter brought us our check. (We were not "checked on" frequently--or really, at all--as in other establishments.) Customer service is obviously not their forte here. They could take a cue from the bartenders at the casino floor bar downstairs. (At the casino bar, we had wonderful--and fun!--bartenders.) -The prices are exorbitant. I understand that in certain fine dining restaurants, you expect to pay significantly more...however, $23 for one shrimp appetizer? That only serves ONE person (according to our waiter.) We would have needed to purchase 5 appetizers (or, $115 in appetizers) to have enough of ONE appetizer for everyone at the table. Maybe I'm wrong, but this is what the waiter told us. I have dined in many fine restaurants all over the world and have yet to feel that I've been so ripped off as I was in this restaurant. Needless to say, we skipped the appetizers. -and, for these prices (heck, for McDonald's prices) the service is severely lacking. I hope this point is getting across. -and it is, as most people have pointed out, very loud. I liked the music, but it pretty much killed any dinner conversation. Screaming across the dinner table is no fun. -the food is actually good, but given everything else that was going on, it was difficult to focus on that. i enjoyed my perciatelli ($23) which was maybe a touch salty but overall tasty with the pancetta.  -The kicker: we gave a straight 15% tip because of the poor service--no extras there. They honestly deserved no tip, but in principle our group didn't think that was right. Imagine the shock when my friend who charged the meal checked her online statement and found that they ADDED an extra 5% to the tip--totaling approximately 20% gratuity--despite what she had written as the tip and signed on the receipt. She is complaining to her credit card company today to get the additional charge reversed. Bottom line: Stay far, far away. Food is decent, but given the complete lack of service and high prices, you can get a much better experience at other restaurants. Hopefully the Rio management wises up and realized that either this restaurant needs to get more customer-friendly or it needs to be replaced. Hope this helps.
5	Based on the reviews, it seems you either love or hate this place.  That's what originally drew me to it, i had just checked into my hotel some firends and family to celebrate my 21st, and in amongst some downtime and getting unpacked, i immediately started thinking about where to go prior to the nights out that were soon due to come.  So i opened "THE BOOK" in The Hotel and while flipping through the pages i noticed an add for an Italian Cafe that had the picture of a big guy (Vin Diesel Looking) and a 2 paragraph dissertation on how his cafe became.  The long and the short of the ad, is that he loved to cook since he was young, so he calls himself a cook not a chef, and does things his way.  Basically the story said; A customer came in once and was insisiting that he turned down the music, and he politely said "Sir, this is the image that my restaurant upholds and what we are, so i'm sorry i cannot do that." The customer became extremely mad and began to demand and yell at the owner, and the owner told the man to get up and GTFO!  As soon as i was done reading that, i was sold, "This was a place i must check out", mainly becasue it's rare that people and restaurants now a days still have a backbone, and don't let people walk all over them.The theme of the restaurant is his way or the highway, where from 5-7pm music like sinatra is played, then from 7-8pm it's 80's music, and then from 9-close is club style hip hop since the restaurant turns into a 1/2 club at night.  And throughout any of this, the music will pause, the lights will dim and all of the many plasmas on the walls will show one of his favorite scenes from one of his favorite moives (casino,the godfather, knockaround guys.....) and then quickly before anything gets too gory the music resumes and the lights come back up. The food, is the best hands down italian food i have ever had and 1/2 of my family is from a little family owned city in northern italy called consa.We ordered the chef's choice which is an (5 course) assortment of food both on and off the menu, and whatever the owner/cook feels like making.  It was a bit pricey ($125 pp for chefs choice) but i know there are other things for sub $30 and $40 on the menu, plus it's vegas, what isn't pricey if it's not good, i mean really good.  You get what you pay for and you're not in vegas all the time, so indulge a bit.  We also had a personal wine concierge that helped us select wine throughout the meal, and our waiter who's name was meatball was extremely helpful in preparing us for what we were about to experience (the most food in one meal i have ever seen).  One of my personal favorites was the crab and lobster stuffed shellfish (that was not on the menu).  Holy mother that was good!  They also have a more than capable bar, and you can take a photo with "the cook"All in all, it was hands down my favorite place to eat in vegas, and i will definately be returning when i go back there.  If you want some killer italian food, and a memorable atmosphere, you must make a stop here.
1	The food was good but overpriced and overshadowed by the ridiculous in-your-face music and television show. Even the girls in scandalous outfits and guys hanging out at the bar just looked uncomfortable here, like they weren't sure what they were supposed to DO.The design concept is totally off the mark, and I doubt this place will be open much longer.
4	The food won't disappoint. Must have: the eggplant. I don't even like eggplant - it was that good. The pasta is excellent too. Don't miss out on this celebrity magnet restaurant. It's pricey, but a good go-to spot for a nice dinner out. Go late and see Penn & Teller after their show. On a special night, you might see the restaurant's favorite: Ludacris.
4	This restaurant is located on the 2nd floor of The Rio Hotel/Casino.  The interior is a cool dim blue lighting that subtly changes to violet lighting.  I had a yellowtail snapper that was seared and excellent.Overall, the place is pricey but with excellent service.  If you haven't won big that night or if you aren't on an company expense card, I wouldn't eat here.  If that's not the case, do check this place out.
5	Sure, my review is probably biased. I ate for free.Sure, my review is probably biased. I ate for FREE.Sure, my review is probably biased. I ate FOR FREE!!!Then again, perhaps my review ISN'T so biased, as I would actually pay my own money to go back here.Since I became old enough to gamble, I was a fan of the Rio. Why? I don't know, but I just had really good luck gambling at the Harrah's casinos (back when it was just Harrah's and Rio in the lineup).  Of course, with lady luck shining down on me with all her glory, I'd up my antes and win even bigger.  With that came the VIP treatment, for shizzle. After my second trip, I was somehow put in touch with a host, and thus began my long and beautiful relationship with the Rio.Okay, so Rio sort of lost its charm as I got older, but my all-star host Derek was so great that I couldn't be disloyal and stay anywhere else.  Then again, he DID give me free rooms all the time.  Minor details, I promise.Derek has moved on to bigger and better things, so I haven't actually been back to the Rio in awhile, but the last time I went, Derek treated me to an AWESOME dinner.  Usually, we go to the buffet (because I used to love the Carnival Buffet), but that particular visit, Derek was incredibly insistent on taking me to the new Italian place that had just opened.  Beggars can't be choosers, so I decided to just roll with it.And boy, am I glad I did!  Again, I don't know how much any of the dishes cost, as I didn't pay for any of them, let alone look at the menu.  All the wait staff knew Derek personally (apparently, he dined here often), and were quick to serve us up with everything we could possibly need.  Derek just said, "Bring us all the good stuff," and like that, magic happened at our table.  Three different kinds of pasta, a little steak something for me, random meatball thingies, and I don't even know what else.Here's the thing.  I don't like Italian food.  I generally find it too heavy.  And another thing.  Derek himself is of Italian heritage.  When Derek first sat me down, he said, "Look, I NEVER eat out Italian because nothing compares to my grandma's cooking. But this place is THAT good."  Did I believe him?  No. I thought this was some weird promo that he was pulling on me (which is unlike him).  But no. After my first few bites, I was TOTALLY SOLD.  Everything was scrumptious, tasty, and definitely not too heavy.  As Goldilocks once said after eating Baby Bear's soup, "This is JUUUUUUST right~"The appetizers, entrees, and desserts were ALL amazing.  But the piece de resistance of this place is the DECOR AND AMBIANCE.  Holy cow!At first, I was confused when the lighting changed from violet to blue.  Were my eyes playing tricks on me?  I was too busy savoring my meal to care if I was going blind.  Then the blue light changed to red.  What the???  That's when I realized that the lighting in the room continuously changes color, dissolving slowly from one color to the next!  It adds a totally colorful and fun element to the whole modern decor, and jeebus, the movies!  Okay, so I'm not a classics-enthusiast in general, but it was really cool to have the music and the lighting interrupted periodically for a short showing of classic scenes from classic movies like the Godfather and whatnot!  Totally a cool and unexpected touch!  The DJ played good (if loud) music, and the staff was totally friendly and enthusiastic!The best part?  I got to go to the kitchen to see where the magic happens.  Derek introduced me to the chef (he looks incredibly like Vin Diesel - another Las Vegas impersonator?), and he was totally friendly and exuberant.  Just my kind of guy!This place was freaking awesome.  The experience was freaking awesome.  The fact that it did zero damage to my gambling funds was freaking awesome.  When (and I don't mean IF, I mean WHEN) I go back, there is no way that I'll be able to afford such a varied sampling (I think we had like 10 different plates on our table at one point) of all the scrumptious goodness, but I will be sure to try something different every time, just to get my fill!Are you thinking about dining here?  DON'T HESITATE.  DO IT.DO IT. DO IT. DO IT.
5	Cafe Martorano was probably one of my fave dining experiences I have EVER had.  It was my first time in Vegas, and we asked the concierge at the Palms for a good Italian restaurant nearby.  She suggested Cafe Martorano, and I am soooo glad she did!!  As soon as I entered the Rio, i'm not going to lie, I was turned off.  It smelled like a dirty diaper, and could not have cheesier decor or people roaming around. But, as soon as we walked into the restaurant... it was an experience like none other.  I was with 6 of my girlfriends, and we sat down at a beautiful table, it was quiet, there were a few other people in the restaurant... and all of a sudden BOOM! Disco balls came down from the ceiling, GREAT old school jams were playing, the waiters were wonderful and super fun, the FOOD was amazingggg (make sure to get the eggplant stack as an app).  Then, two men came up to our table, chatted with us for a bit, and then bought our entire meal, multiple patron shots, and 2 bottles of wine.  All we had to do was give our waiter a great tip.  It was a fabulous time, great food, and I am going back in a week.  Don't let the Rio turn you off... this place is a MUST!
1	Stay Away!!!! I went here with a party of 10 for our annual Vegas NCAA trip.The food is mediocre, service is terrible and prices are ridiculous for what you get. They do have a good but overpriced wine list. The music is so loud, you can't even think about having a conversation and the movies with gunshots and blood are completely unappealing while dining.  When I asked if it could be turned down, I was told no and to be happy because it would soon be louder. Is this a restaurant or a disco? Apparently the mis-management seems to attract the "stripper" crowd with free food and drinks. You have many choices for good dining when in Vegas so eliminate this from your list.
1	It is definitely not like any other dining experience I've had cause it felt like I was in a nightclub with all the loud music and flat screens but that was where it ended.  I was with 3 other people and we weren't on any type of budget for dinner so my review is primarily about service and quality.We got there about the same time as a large group but nonetheless that is no excuse for our entrees to take over an hour to receive.  Our appetizers came out in a timely manner and were very delicious (the meatballs do live up to their rep and the pizza was probably the best I've ever had) but our main courses were a different story.  After waiting for over 30 minutes and seeing smaller parties who ordered after us receive their food before us we were more than displeased.  We spoke to our waiter and he explained that the large group had higher priority than us (I think they just forgot our order).Our entire dining experience took nearly 4 hours and because of our displeasure, they offered to take a few drinks off our bill.  The money wasn't the problem, it was the service.  Our waiter hardly ever checked on us and we constantly had to ask other staff when we had questions.The only good thing I can say about this place was that they played some Biggie Smalls on the speakers and The Soprano's on the TVs.
1	ughhhhhh.....Let's negate the price here because the meal was free and I'll still say, quite possibly one of the worst meals I have ever had. My chicken parmigiana tasted like something I microwaved from a Michelinas frozen dinner. On top of that, the waiter was a condescending eegit with a superiority complex. Listen to me and listen to me now, DON'T COME HERE! There are so many good Italian places in Las Vegas, that there is no need to stop at this self-righteous restaurant in The Rio. Do yourself a favor and go to Valentino in the Venetian or Rao's in Caesar's Palace. Cheers!
5	The people who gave this place bad reviews must have gone in here thinking it was a regular ol restaurant. Its not This is an experience. The food is plentiful and amazing. The owner came and talked to me and my girlfriend and sent us over a few extra plates of his choosing which were great. This place is Loud and fun. You are in Vegas! it is supposed to be different. go there know its going to be different and have a great time.
4	I'd give five stars but my long island was weak.  Pretty much enough said but I'll add on just for the thrill of it!We did a "no penis allowed" girls trip to Vegas for my daughter's 21st birthday.Birthday dinner was here, at Cafe Martorano.  Yo, don't bust my balls, man.It's pretty upscale the whole way around, you know from the linens to the dishes to the service to the ambience to the nasty dude who was running his hand up the thigh of his "rode hard and put away wet" date.   Oh wait, that was just nasty, not upscale AT.ALL.The bread and variety of dipping choices was yummy, the presentation of the food we ordered was beautiful and the complimentary scallop that the cute waiter brought my daughter for her birthday made me scratch my head.I told my daughter to smile and say thank you, its not every day a girl gets a scallop for her birthday - even tho she is hella cute!I find that when I dine at fancy Italian restaurants that I'm hungry not long after - the food is very good but they don't really give you hearty portions.  Or, perhaps I'm just a pig.This place is expensive so don't be bringing your friends who would have rather had McDonald's here - I swear if I see one more person in my daughter's party roll their eyes at me over the price I'm going to throw a scallop at them!Cafe M - work on your mixed drinks for me - my twins will be 21 in eight years and I'd like to actually catch a buzz over dinner next time I'm in town.
3	Went to this restaurant before seeing Penn & Teller.  Didn't have reservations, so we sat at the bar.  Bartender was taking care of at least 15 people at the bar plus drinks for the rest of the restaurant.  Service was slow, but the bartender had a lot to do so it was understandable.  I got the linguini with clams, my husband had mixed seafood linguini.  The food was good, but on the salty side.  We each had two mai tais with dinner.  Surprised to see that they charged $14 each for the mai tais which were small and unremarkable.  Total bill was over $160.  I wish we had noticed that we could have saved 25% by showing them the stub of our Penn & Teller tickets.  Won't be going back there again.
2	Should have figured this place was gonna disappoint.I don't know what got into me, maybe it was watching too much Jersey Shore...but I guess I felt like going to a spot that I thought could potentially be east coast/south philly/italian/badass. And I wanted some good rustic Italian Americanish food.Maybe I don't get the whole concept of the place but the bottom line is the food sucked.Tried the infamous meatball...greasy. Ricotta cheese that came alongside it was good, but I'm just a sucker for cheese.Veal Picatta with risotto was ok but risotto was too salty. Baby cow is always delicious.Fusilli Pollo was pasta, breaded chicken and sauce...I think I could have made this at home and enjoyed it more.Service was decent at best, our man did not even really bother making any drink/wine suggestions.
4	Expensive as far as Italian food goes but damn good.  Martorano's is located in the Rio hotel and worth leaving the strip for.The meatball appetizer was great.  People rave about it and it did not disappoint.  A huge tasty meatball with a glob of great ricotta cheese.For a main course, I had the veal marsala.  It was a huge veal chop which was so tender and good.  The gnocchi that came with it were nice and fluffy.  And the mushroom sauce was great.  My wife had the lobster francaise which was very good as well.  The risotto that came with it was kind of salty and didn't really taste all that great though.  But overall still a good dish.Our server was great too.  Real Italian food is worth paying for.  So I totaly recommend this place.  Also Casino playing on the TVs was fun.  And that's that.
2	When I'm hungry for Italian...... I see the Martorano's billboard and lose my appetite.
4	Came to this place with some family friends for our pre Penn & Teller dinner. Just made sense to do the dinner at the same hotel as the show. And yes this is the restaurant with that cheesy ad (as seen on Tropicana) with the Italian guy (that looks like Pit Bull) and the sexy woman in the background who can't resist the "Italian". We didn't realize we had ACTUALLY dined at the place with the horrific ad until post dinner. Disclaimer: There's a little bit of cheesiness involved in dining here1) Loud opera style music is playing. 2) Yes there are about six flat screens (estimation) staggered around the dining room. three flat screens were on the wall behind me. But the food makes up for the cheesiness (if you can get past it). Server was mindful and the busers kept the table clean. Warm rosemary infused bread served with a trio of dipping oils. The extra virgin olive oil was very good. We got some version of a deconstructed caprese with balsamic gastric. Loved the fried basil they gave us with it. They devote a whole portion of their menu to a mozzarella bar. The mozzarella in our caprese was the best that I have ever had. Generally I would say the menu isn't all that revolutionary....lots of fried options and the portions are alot bigger than celeb chef run restaurants (like B&B in the Venetian). I ordered the bucatini all' amatriciana which was perfectly al dente and right on point sauce wise. For dessert we got bananas foster with waffles and tiramisu. Both were good but oh my god the bananas fosters with waffles sounded disgusting to me (on the menu) but it tasted really good. By the time I got around to taking a bite of it (we were doing family style among the whole table for dessert) the waffles was soaked with the butter from the caramel of the bananas foster. It was like a waffle with seven layers of butter!
4	The service was excellent.  Our server was attentive and genuinely friendly.  The bus boy did not let our water get below half full.  The food is tasty.  The bread they bring out is good.  The chili oil dip for it is great.  It has a nice flavor and a little kick.For my meal I had the philly cheese steak with truffle oil fries.  I love the flavor truffle oil gives fries.  They were great.  The cheesesteak was also pretty tasty.For desert I had the tiramisu.  It was great.  The flavors were solid and distinct.  My friend had the cheesecake.  It was very good, and was a huge portion.There is a good wine selection.It is a bit pricey.  The cheesesteak was $24.  Most of the more formal meals were in the mid 40's.There are several flat screens televisions through out the dining room.  The Godfather was playing on one, so that made me quite happy.  They also had some games on.
1	I have lived and dined in Vegas for over 10 years now, and I have never experienced such a complete joke of an experience as I had when dining here.  I don't believe for an instant that I can adequately convey how disappointed I was or how many horrible attributes this place has.  The nightmares started when we first sat down and didn't stop until we were out the door, and unfortunately there was a long gap of culinary torture in between.Most of all, this restaurant is the epitome of a "tourist trap."  It features an extensive yet grossly overpriced menu and a service staff that was obviously hired based on looks rather than on ability - the two main "tourist trap" requirements.The atmosphere is unlike any place you've ever been, but that's not necessarily a good thing.  It's different because nobody in their right mind would ever build a restaurant like this.  Loud, overpowering music and movie tracks that keep you from being able to have a conversation (and likely designed to also keep diners from being able to complain about the food) combine with disco lights and uncomfortable chairs to make sure there's no way anyone could ever experience a moment of peace while dining.  It's like trying to eat in the middle of a dance floor of a Vegas club, except that people on the dance floor would notice you more than the staff at Martoranos does.Incredibly slow service, requests that went unanswered, one entree served cold and another served only half-cooked (pasta too, not meat) and all the while an unbearable atmosphere that made us all want to jump up and leave at a dead run.  We should have, because when the bill arrived it was completely outrageous even after they took off the half-cooked spaghetti.If you go, bring earplugs, aspirin, dark glasses, $200 more than you would expect to spend on any meal, a microwave or warming plate, an air horn (to get the attention of the staff or the person across the table from you) and, most of all, bring a whole heck of a lot of patience. I love the Rio and everyone and every place in it, or at least I did until they put this dump in.  Let's hope people start realizing it for what it is and the Rio replaces it with a real restaurant that's not run by an egocentric maniac who thinks that people want everything his way.  Don't believe me?  Look at the menu carefully (both comments and prices) then ask to walk through the "dining" area before you agree to sit down.  I wish we had.
5	Had an AMAZING dinner here!  Stayed at the Rio and wandered in for dinner not knowing what to expect.  Waiter was very helpful in ordering.... we split the caesar salad (delicious except we asked for anchovies and they were not frsh, most likely canned) and the fried mozzerella and they were awesome!  The fried mozzerella "bricks" had a spicy tomato sauce which was to die for.  Entree was rigatoni with pork which was great but we were stuffed by then.  Best meal we had in Vegas!  A little loud in the dinning room but worth it for the great dinner!!!!  Would go back!  DELICIOUS!
5	I have no complaints about this place at all.  Prior to leaving my review I read through the alot of the others and I have to say that my experience was totally different.  We happened upon the resturant after making plans to see Penn & Teller at the RIO.  Since we were headed to the RIO we decided to eat at one of the resturants inside.  After reading a short description of each in a Vegas information magazine, my wife and I chose Martorano's.  For some reason the catalog said that we didn't need reservations but it was wrong.  When we got to the resturant we had to sit in the bar as a result of my mistake.  The bar was dark and romantic and there were several tv's one of which was showing CASINO and another showing clips of the resturant's namesake Steve Martotano on different tv shows.  We didn't have to wait long at all for our food and for once didn't have even a little buyers remorse about the money we spent to eat.  Great resturant.
4	Beautiful decor and has a nice view of the pool. This place serves your classic italian dishes. i don't like huge portions so I opted with the appetizer section? And i still got a huge meatball with a salad. They had risotto with fish as a special that day, and the risotto i tried was delicious. It was very creamy and flavorful. The bread they serve in the beginning wasn't that good but I would probably come back as they have other dishes that sounded good.
3	This one is a toughie. Rio is my sister's home for 6 weeks in the summer for the WSOP, so we of course frequent every restaurant there. I like the food. I really do. And the service is great. But there is something so Jersey Shore about this place. I know it is Vegas, but after 8 hours in a casino with smoke and lights and ding!ding!ding! of slot machines, I want to have a quiet dinner. Martorano's goes from Italian eatery to nightclub around 7pm when the music starts blaring and the disco balls start spinning (seriously). It just gets too loud for me. One of the guys dining with us this trip said he was waiting for them to move the tables back so we could all start dancing. That all said, the food is great. The caprese is delicious, fresh tomatoes and mozzarella, a drizzle of balsamic and olive oil and a fried basil leaf. I love how simple and clean the flavors are. Then there is the meatball. OMG. It is so fluffy and flavorful. Served on top of some sort of tubular noodle whose name I can't recall with a fresh tasting sauce and a scoop of the best ricotta I have ever tasted. Everyone at our table ordered that or the rigatoni with Sunday pork gravy, which was also fantastic. The pork was so tender and the sauce again so fresh. You really feel like your Italian grandma made it.
3	Muscle man Steve Martorano serves overpriced East Coast Italian food at his restaurant in the Rio, where we dined with our foodie friends on Sunday evening. Although nothing we had was bad and everything was well-seasoned, I still left with a bad taste in my mouth due to the prices and the atmosphere. Let me give you a mental picture: disco balls, neon lights, over-sized outdoor garbage cans in the bathroom, and blaring music only turned off so you can watch an equally loud scene from the original Ocean's Eleven on one of six flat screens. The light/video/music show is all orchestrated by DJ Martorano himself, who spends more time annoying his customers with noise than paying attention to their food.His menu is as beefy as his arms, so I would advise vegetarians to stay away. I actually give him credit for his unabashed use of meat, which he prepares well. Since we were a group of four and didn't feel like eating a ton of food, we ordered a bunch of appetizers to split. Their meatball, which they are famous for, is light with balanced meatball elements. It is served with tasty marinara and excellent ricotta, though these features can't justify the $14 price tag (or $18 if you want a microscopic salad to go with it as we realized after the fact).We then ordered pigs feet, a dish I would say was the highlight of the meal because I don't generally eat pigs feet and they seemed to be prepared well. But it's also possible my enjoyment was due to the abundance of that San Marzano marinara or the relatively inexpensive price ($10). The feet themselves were not terribly meaty, but the accompanying rolled pig skin stuffed with pork was quite enjoyable (if eaten only a few bites at a time) and tasted like thick, chewy pasta (if pasta was pure fat). Other above average options included; the eggplant stack, which was crispy but heavy, and not served hot ($19); the gnocchi side, which was light enough but not terribly interesting ($14); and the hot peppers stuffed with veal that I enjoyed, but felt had a bit too much crushed red pepper ($18). He also offers an interesting take on carbonara, which he sent to our table gratis because we are locals (Always tell restaurants on the Strip you are local when making a reservation. They usually do a little something extra for you). I can best describe his preparation as spaghetti (though the waitress called it buccatini) tossed in a white bean hummus. The flavor was fine but it had an off-putting mouth feel, and was not worth the $24 price listed. I'm not sure how he can get away with these prices for dishes that are essentially superior preparations of adulterated versions of real Italian food... P.S. Don't let the waitress talk you into a specialty cocktail. They taste worse than a melted tropical concoction from Fat Tuesdays. And, if you still want to come, do so before 7:30 or you won't even be able to have a conversation with yourself.
1	LOL, this place is a joke, although It's worth a visit just to see how off the wall it is and to bring home a good story of the awkwardness. I'm a foodie and know for a fact I could cook proteins better than the head "cook". I know for a fact there are better tasting pastas from Sysco. I also know when I can taste a marinara that has a base of canned tomatoes yet it's called "homemade".. I know for a fact that Lipton style instant Iced Tea out of a plastic bottle doesn't cut it as a drink in a restaurant of this price range. I've traveled Italy, ate at some of the best Italy has to offer and I have a moderate respect for the cuisine, but even if I do over look the under cooked pasta and a horribly dried out meatball and bring it all down to flavor, this place still just doesn't cut it and dont even get me started on the service.. We tried this place on a whim before the Penn and Teller show as it looked to be the closest thing to fine dinning at the Rio, but we should have known better when there are TVs playing the God Father all over the place.. The Rio really needs to up their dinning game. If you're a foodie, my suggestion is go for a overpriced poorly mixed drink at the bar to experience the train wreck that is Martorano's and take home a story of a "restaurant" you will never forget..Oh yeah, what the hell was that thing that Martorano's calls bread? Wow, who ever came up with that one needs to be taught the basics of baking bread again..
4	What an awesome place to take a date and enjoy top-notch food & service. We have NOTHING like this in Central Oregon.Our server was stellar in his delivery of the nightly specials...enough that we were sold on two of them.We ordered the Roasted Chicken & Chicken meatball Fusulli, and she had the NY Pizziole (NY topped with fresh herbs & house made mozzerella) OMG...the portions were grande & the food quality? truly amazing...With a waiter recommended glass of red, to go with the meal? This was a great dining experience. The owner Steve was present 1/2 way through our meal, manning the DJ booth just a hairs split from the open kitchen. What a cool place, If you dont like "loud"...this I will not recommend to you.If you wish to feel like a Queen & KIng while in Rio/Vegas...this is a Top option.I will return later to update more of OUR experience here, later as Im short on time.Namaste~
2	The location in Hollywood, Fl is absolutely amazing, this location however was very disappointing.  I made such a fuss about this restaurant to my husband that we made it a point to go to the Rio so he can taste the great food for himself.  Well, after trying to get ahold of someone all day to make reservations, we decided to make the trip anyways.  When we got there at 5:30PM they stated it was overbooked.  We had to sit at the bar where the Bartender rushed us in and rushed us out.  She literally gave someone our seat while we were still sitting there.  We had appetizers which the bartender served our plates between my husband and I...  WTH what if I wanted more meatballs than him?  Leave the plate there and we'll serve ourselves, thank you very much.  Anyways, the food was okay but the portion size was disappointing. As stated above the Hollywood FL location ROCKS!  Skip this location at the Rio in Las Vegas.
4	Some of best Italian food I've ever had. Some reviews here seem to disparage the place with insinuations about off the shelf ingredients, etc. I don't know and I don't care. The food was top-notch. Three of us each tried different pasta dishes. Ravioli with hot/sweet peppers, the Pork Gravy pasta, and a veal dish. Each was excellent. Larger portions, but not overly so. Also had the calamari with spicy peppers/sauce. Best version of calamari any of us ever had. Excellent wine list for Italian wines.I rate the food 5 stars, but deduct one star for the "ambience" factor. The restaurant in the Rio doesn't seem to know what it wants to be. Nicely spaced tables with white tablecloths, fresh flowers on each table. Pretty classy, but then you see all these flat screens everywhere you look playing gangster movies (Godfather II was playing while we ate), and Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin blaring in the background. We didn't like that.Food? Fantastic. The room? Not so much. And the disco balls gotta go.
1	I dined in with my gf on a whim at around 8pm on a Monday night and most certainly regret it. We we definitely not dressed in the typical business casual/business professional attire like the rest of the customers were. I was in jeans, t-shirt, and baseball hat. My girlfriend was in a hoodie and jeans. And let me tell you, our waitress definitely treated us as if we didnt belong there. She glazed through the menu and the specials for us and asked us for our drink orders. We ordered some martinis off their featured list. 10 min later our drinks arrived and she arrived to take our orders.We decided to do the tasting menu they had available so we could try a couple different things. The Caprese salad came out relatively quick. We both really enjoyed it. It was flavorful and plentiful. Now came the really annoying part. We sat at our table for over 25 min before our entrees came out. The entire time without even a check back from our waitress to see how we were doing. We could see the server station from our table and watched her just sit there talking with other servers and cooks. I got the penne with broccoli and she got the Ziti. My pasta was horrible, no flavor at all. If I wanted pasta with light butter I would have made it at home and saved the $17. The Ziti was much better than my pasta, it had good flavor but was way over portioned with the peppers. I will re-state that even up to this point we still had not seen our server again. There was another waiter (not a waiters assistant) that had to stop and get us refills and check if we were ok. It wasnt until 15min after we had finished with our entrees that she finally came back over and asked us which dessert we wanted to get. We ordered the canoli. They were decent but you could tell they were not fresh and the outer part was way too hard and slightly stale. Overall the service was definitely the part that completely ruined my experience at that place. Just because I wasnt dressed in my business attire, does not mean we should have been treated any different than those who were. I will never go back and definitely never recommend this place to anyone.
2	My boyfrind and I went to the Rio in search of a good dinner. We landed at Cafe Mortorano. We did the special where you get an appitizer, 2 entrees and a dessert for $44 each. We sat down and the waitress took a good 5 minutes to greet us. My boyfriend ordered his drink and I took water until I made my choice. It took her another 10 to 15 minutes to get the drink and to take our order. The food was semi up to par, however our server was horrid. She dropped off our entree's 30 minutes after our appitizer was cleared. She passed by our table several times without even glancing our way. Another server noticed and he was awesome at checking to see if our dinner was up to par.  No matter the food, the service was terrible.
3	Only giving this three stars because I didn't order dinner here so can't comment fully.  I will say the service and friendliness of the staff was first rate -The place was loud but they have TVs at the bar and cool movies running in the background - lots if DeNiro. For obvious reasons. I DID order the calamari which gets rave reviews by locals here.  Instead of being covered in batter and deep fried - it was more sauteed and then mixed with both sweet and hot peppers and this great sauce - delicious!  The app portion was pretty big too.  I would definitely return - and FYI - to give you an idea of prices - my app and one glass of port (Taylor 20 year) was $42 and change - place was crowded - reservation recommended for weekends -
1	We were staying at the Rio with friends this past weekend, and failing to have made reservations at a decent restaurant, called down to Matarano's. They made us wait a half an hour for the reservation, and when we went down to the restaurant, had us wait in the bar for another 15 minutes. The bartender was rude and we had a hard time getting drinks. We were finally shown to the dining room, which was about 25% full. Right.Things LOOKED promising at first: three separate servers came up to our table to say they were part of the "team" waiting on us. Then one waiter berated another for talking to us. We asked for a wine recommendation, and were poured an absolutlely AWFUL 2007 Chianti that, if it wasn't faulted, really should not have been on the wine list. We are NOT people who send back food or wine, but there was NO WAY we were going to drink this. We ordered a bottle of California wine that we knew was going to be good.Then it took a good 20+ minutes to get anyone to return to our table. Our "team" of waiters was no where to be seen. We finally flagged someone down to beg them for bread--which we were CHARGED for! My BF and I split a Caesar salad (which was the best part of the dinner by a mile) but were brought no extra plates. Nice.I ordered the pork chop special, which, while cooked properly, didn't have a lot of flavor. Interestingly enough, my BF, who ordered the Red Snapper special, had the SAME salty sauce on his fish! REALLY? Our friend who ordered the Chicken Parmigiana got a piece of chicken with cheese & what appeared to be canned red sauce slapped on the plate--no pasta, no veggies, no presentation whatsoever. Our other friend ordered the Seafood Fra Diavola, and said it was quite good.We'd had dinner the night before upstairs at VooDoo Steak & Lounge, and it was excellent. Skip Matarano's and head upstairs. You'll be glad you did.
4	I'm surprised by some of the bad reviews on this site! The ambiance was great. Service was wonderful... (even with no reservation).... and my Bucatini Alamtraciana' was as good as any I had while I was in Rome. The pricing was a bit high, but no worse than other nice restaurants we dined at while in Vegas (Dinner for 2 with wine & a shared appetizer $120).
4	This place is great for large groups and entertaining customers on business trips... but bring your big boy credit card, cause it can cost you! Was here Monday night with a good friend and customer, and we had some sick insane food. The fried Mozzarella with the San Marzano tomatoes. The Linguine Marinara, and the Fried Lobster all killer. Make a Rez because this place gets packed and you will wait a lifetime. Definitely one of the better places to eat in the Rio.
5	I give this place an F!!!  For example I had the eggplant stack and F that was good.  Then I had the rigatoni pot roast and F-me that was good.  Then I had the spaghetti and meatball and that was good, but what the F only 1 ball? Then I had the veal with the capers and F it was good. The service was good-Scott was my waiter and he gets an F too.  I had a tear in my eye because I thought what the F, I'm leaving tomorrow.  Anyways, I saw those previous cry baby reviews-F them they don't know their arse from their elbows!!!
2	I stayed at the Rio with a small group of friends for one night and we wandered a bit to find this place. The menu sounded appealing and at the thought of carbs and red wine, we jumped. We were told the way would be 25-30 mins are were surprised when barely 15 mins went by and we were seated in the loudest restaurant I've ever been in. There were five of us and we sat at a large round table and could not hear each other other across the table without shouting and making hand signals. It was ridiculous, although we made the best of it and mostly just laughed at each other trying to understand what the person next to us was saying.After asking the server to repeat what he had said six times we asked how he managed to keep say in a place so loud. He said he used to wear earplugs. I asked if people complain often, and he said yes, but the chef, this Martorano guy, apparently says if people don't like it, they can just leave. Great business model. What was even stranger was the movie breaks that came on the TV. A loud, obnoxious song would be playing, and then some iconic clip from a movie would start playing and it was so, so distracting. Don't go hear if you'd like to have a conversations with your tablemates.The service was okay, but not great. Our server forgot to give us the specials menu after we asked for it and came to take our order and we reminded him of his error. He also forgot an appetizer we had ordered. Who knows if he was just forgetful, or couldn't  hear us.The food was good, but over-priced, even for Vegas. It didn't blow me away and I could get cheaper, better made food on the strip. I don't need to pay $18 for a meatless entree with canned tomatoes, a leaf of basil and a few cloves of garlic. Overall, I was pretty unimpressed.
5	Italian food the way it's supposed to be ! True, genuine Italian with only the freshest ingredients, including homemade mozzarella and they are NOT shy with portions ! Owner Steve Martorano is a culinary genius with a huge celebrity fan base. I was lucky enough to score one of his first edition autographed books while dining there.The ambiance is elegant and tasteful and the menu has a wide variety of culinary treats that anyone can find something they will love.I started with the eggplant stack that was simply rediculous ! HUGE slices of eggplant, mozzarella and tomatoe and moved on to the veal cutlet which is brought in fresh from local farmers. It was so tender I never bothered with the knife.The service was excellent and staff was attentive and helpful.This is not a place to go if you are looking for Pizza Hut quality food or price, so be prepared to pay for what you get but all in all I will be dning there again as soon as possible.
5	After a great meal at Capo's on Saturday night we ventured over to the Rio for a shot at Cafe Mortarano Las Vegas located in the Rio Hotel 2nd floor over in the Mardi Gras wing. Arriving to the same look and feel from their other two locations in South Florida, I have to admit other than poking my head inside at the Hard Rock Location, I had not yet tried any of the locations for a dining experience.  I have read mixed reviews from everyone and spoken to many persons in and about south FLA who either swear by the place or think it should be black listed. I thought I'd give my own opinion after this event. Arrived as stated Sunday night 9PM very empty for a Holiday weekend, and I'm guessing the Rio Location is the cause. If this place was in one of the more mainstream malls you probably couldn't get into the place.  After some drinks with Bethany at the bar, we moved to our appointed table 5 of us to dine this evening. Scott our friendly waiter gave us a rundown and we ordered up some appetizers that showed up in no particular order or together but this is the way it's done as I understand everything fresh & hot.  Homemade Meatball with gravy and ricotta cheese $14, South Philly Cheese steak with caramelized onions and American cheese on a crisp Italian roll $16 and Eggplant Stack with homemade mozzarella, tomato and arugula $23 were the 3 appetizers we chose to share.  Bread was hot and fresh and every single one of the above were 100% on the money. We decided on 4 entrees for dinner to split for 5 persons. First was Shrimp Scampi Bread with butter, garlic, tomato, peas and bread crumbs $18 which was an appetizer order that we asked to be bumped up to 5 jumbo shrimp one for everyone.  Veal Cutlet Parmigiana with tender cutlet of veal and fresh mozzarella $30 a Linguine and Fresh Clams in light red or natural white juices $25 and the absolute last but not least Rigatoni with a Sunday Pork Gravy made with fresh pork, San Marzano tomatoes and ricotta cheese $28.  All I can say is there was not one single solitary thing left in any plate, the food was absolutely delicious on every level, and although I was told family style meant large portions (They aren't) it was a sufficient amount of food to go around.  Two bottles of wine were consumed on moderately priced list, and the 70's disco music in the place was absolutely perfect.  Scott was an Excellent server and giving my own unbiased opinion this was a winner from every vantage point that I can find.   A definite repeat for me on my Vegas runs and will give the Original South Florida location a go when I get a chance. Enjoyed my best meal in Vegas in some time.
1	No. No. No.  I was so hungry and craving spaghetti and meatballs, so since my husband and I were staying at the Rio we decided to give Martorano's a try.  Our server was so terrible.  He was visibly frustrated with us when he asked whether we wanted extra plates and we didn't answer right away (because we were both in the middle of eating).  Our meals came out at different times, so my husband sat and watched his food cool off (I told him he could eat, but he's polite enough to wait).  Then my plate arrived with fingerprints along the edges.  My waiter just stared at me while I wiped down my plate and acted like he was doing me a big favor when I requested another napkin.  At the end of the meal, I mentioned that being served on a plate with fingerprints all over it was very unappetizing, and he just mumbled a completely insincere apology as he walked away.  My husband backed me up by leaving just enough cash to cover the check.On principle, whenever I don't tip, I always talk to management.  I explained that when you're charging $25 for spaghetti and meatballs, the meal should be served on a clean plate.  I also said that I could even get over that, but when the server doesn't care whether you had a good experience then he doesn't deserve a tip.   I felt better for speaking my mind, but still not so good about dropping $100 for such sub-par service.  Another pretentious restaurant in Vegas.
1	Some time back, my wife and I were staying at the Rio, and went here for dinner, Tuesday night about 7 PM.  Walked in and was told that, since we didn't have a reservation, we would have to wait, which was cool with us.So, we're in the waiting area, and we see two different parties walk out within 10 minutes.  Within those 10 minutes, we see another couple walk in.  I couldn't hear whether or not they had reservations, but they went right in.  After waiting another 5 minutes, I decided to just stand at the hostess station, thinking that maybe we had been overlooked or forgotten.Oops, a family comes in (three small children and their paternal units), and gets seated.  I'm standing RIGHT THERE, no meniton of a reservation.  I walk to my wife, sit down, and tell her what happened.  I'm telling her that I'm ready to bounce to eat anyplace else, but she's pleading that we're already there, and to just give them a few more minutes ...And here comes the hostess, "We're ready to seat you now." Really?  You mean a table just somehow opened up?  Would it be next to that lovely family that just came in?  Because I would love to use some colorful metaphors.Bottom line for me was, the front of the house really spoiled my appetite. As the first person to greet your mostly out of town guests, why would you want to want to alienate even one?  Is the place really that fiscally sound that they can blow off customers?  Since then, my wife asked me once if we could go eat there but I told her I refuse to go back.  First impressions, indeed.Yo cuz, mangi questo.
4	We had dinner here for my husband's birthday.  I usually stick to cream sauces because I'm picky about red sauces.  I ordered the tagliatelle classic parmigiana cream with chicken and peas which was excellent.  The pasta's had great texture and flavor, definitely handmade, I love that it was thicker than other pastas I have tried.  After getting our appetizer meatball I wished that I had ordered a dish with the red sauce, it was so flavorful and zesty.  I tried some other dishes that my family ordered too, the bucatini carbonara with pancetta was rich and wonderful also.  I liked the very modern decor and loud music.  ****If you are a local show your ID and players card and get 25% off**** The reason's I did not give this place 5 stars:I don't like that the soda comes in bottles.  I'll be forever spoiled by the endless refills that practically every other restaurant offers.  My husband had the orecchiette with hot and sweet peppers which did not look appetizing at all, I didn't even try it.  He thought the restaurant was "OK" while everyone else loved their food.
2	I ate here last Saturday night.  While the food was all tasty (we cleaned our plates), I cannot say that I was amazed- I have definitely had better Italian food.  I did appreciate that you could see right into the kitchen, and they even had seats surrounding the kitchen area if your heart so desires.  This gives me a little more confidence that I am eating quality food that was not premade or thrown around in a dirty kitchen.For me, what really killed this place was the atmosphere.  There are TV's surrounding all the tables which play scenes from famous mafia-like movies.  The restaurant blasts (I repeat, BLASTS) iconic tunes from these movies, but will occasionally put the sound clips of the movies for particularly vulgar scenes.  If the incredibly loud music/clips does not prevent you from having a conversation, the fact that you are surrounded by distracting TV's certainly will.  As a side note, please do not take children here- the restaurant has made the poor decision of  showing very violent scenes (yes- while people are eating?) and does not bleep out the curses when they play sound clips.  Not very tasteful if you ask me.
1	The quality of food is barely a step above olive garden. The owner was the past house DJ at Rain and inside the restaurant are lights like in a club and the music is so loud you can't even hear the people at your table. The music was so loud people actually walked out. When we asked the owner if the music could be turned down a bit we were told "this is my joint and that's how I like it, so no I won't turn it down". A few minutes he sent over a pasta dish as an apology and the pasta was not completely cooked. The only saving grace was that our server was fantastic. You can tell he was embarrassed but his performance was fantastic. The final straw for us was when we ordered a bottle of wine and there was a bug in the decanter and our $200 bottle of wine was wasted. I give this place 1 star because I can't give it any less. Do yourself, friends and family a favor and find some place else to eat!
4	Recently ate there, service and food both excellent !
3	The food tasted good but my stomach hurt shortly after...  My friends' tummies were OK so guess it was just me.The restaurant claims to have famous meatballs and their meatballs are indeed tasty.
3	Just went to the original location in Fort Lauderdale a few weeks ago. That was awesome, and the food was amazing. This location, not so much. It just didn't wow me. It was still good, but just not the same. Even the ambiance was different. It was a busy Wednesday night in Florida. It was a quiet Monday night in Vegas. We were one of 5 tables that were occupied in the quiet place at 8p. But that's fine, I understand. The meatball was drier than expected, the pasta was undercooked. The chicken parmesean was good, but it was just okay good. The sauce is still awesome. I find it interesting to see that almost all of the positive reviews of this place include a mention that Steve was there. Could that improve the quality? Possibly. I watched him inspect just about every dish that left the kitchen at the original location. That definitely didn't happen here. So it's getting three stars. Our service was good, the food just didn't meet the expectations set by...his own restaurant. And thats what brings me back. I likely won't be back to this location. Too many other great options in Vegas. But I am still looking forward to my next visit to the Florida location!
1	If you've stayed at the Rio then you've seen the posters for Martorano's.  Big guy, shaved head, tribal ink, and a scowl.  I stay at the Rio 4x or so a year and it's their posters that have helped me resist eating at the restaurant.  As a marketing guy, it was clear that the strategy was to promote this guy's persona and DJ skills rather than focus on the food.It was a free sample that drew me in.  I was waiting to check-in when a pretty girl came around offering samples of a Martorano's meatball.  I was shocked how good it was...really good...the best I've ever had good... and it was certainly enough to make me want to give the place a try.Thirty minutes before dinner, I began to have doubts. The reviews for this place were so spotty, I have never heard anyone say anything good about the place, and I wanted to have a great dinner.  Should I risk it? Maybe I should take one more look at the menu.  It all looked good and I was fired up to go there again until I read the end of the menu: ABSOLUTELY NO CHANGES OR SUBSTITUTIONS. JUST LET ME DO WHAT I DO AND DON'T BREAK BALLS.  The "balls" thing was kind of Philly-clever and I liked it, but the "absolutely" thing reeked of immature hubris. If you're giving it to me, I'll accept that, but since it's my nickle and if my request is reasonable, then it's my way or the highway.  Despite this nagging "don't do it" feeling, I decided to give it a shot. Should I have listened to my instincts?The entrance to Martorano's opens to the bar where it's intimate with a clubby feel.  Before being seated I took a look at the dining area.  Gone was the low light and rich feel of the bar and instead you're treated with a stark open plain and uninteresting room. There's nothing noteworthy about the decor other than there really isn't any. Pretty bland open room.  What I gather is supposed to pass for some kind of industrial minimalist effect simply looks unfinished and incredibly boring. The awesome news is that the dining room blares dance music at ~2 little notches below club volume.  The other reviewers weren't joking; it's loud.  The only other time I've heard music that loud at a restaurant was at a "rock n' roll" teppanyaki place where the cooks fling rice at the kid's mouths. BTW, that restaurant sucked as well so I opted to sit at the bar.Wow, only one other customer at the bar and he's getting his check.  I'm gonna get great service, right?  Hang on....the bartender...let's call him "Dick"...wants to bus the guy's area before he acknowledges me.  A long 4 minutes later, Dick comes by to get my drink order.  I get my drink and my menu and try to decide what to eat.  I had a few questions about the menu, but Dick is still really busy...intensely focused...tending to his empty bar.  I called out my questions and he yelled back his answers OVER HIS FREAKIN' SHOULDER.  You see, Dick was far too involved going thru the day's tickets and lining up glasses etc to actually look my way, let alone stand in front of me. Clearly I was an interruption to him.  If I hadn't been starving I would've bolted, so in an attempt to minimize my time here I decided to have just an app  - the meatball with a salad.While I was waiting for my food, Dick continued to amble about behind the bar, not once coming by (and the waitstaff wasn't keeping him busy). The food came. I ate it.  Dick continued to personify his nickname while doing his busy work.  Wait...2 girls just sat down...busy work is over and he's got all the time in the world for a 10 minute flirt session.  Ah...Dick wasn't that busy after all, was he?!  He was just being Dick.The meatball was again really good, but a gristle in a meatball is JV and I found a gristle in my last bite, so it wasn't that damn good after all.  I got the hell out leaving a far too generous $2 tip...wish I'd left the goose egg.This is an odd review but it's an odd restaurant.   The dining room ambiance is such an anomaly that the only crowd I believe this restaurant could appeal to are perhaps some teens and young twenty-somethings that like the loud music and probably haven't had a lot of (any?) fine dining experience.  I'm certain this place thrives on Vegas first-timers and unsuspecting others since I can't imagine anyone enjoying an expensive dinner in their dance floor environment.  Trust the 1 and 2 star reviews.  The bartender appeared to be some sort of manager and with his kind of skills, I'm sure the rest of the food sucks as hard as the service.A final note:  this is definitely NOT a $$$ restaurant.  If a couple each has a cocktail and splits an app, has a salad and a mid-priced entree with a glass of wine and no sides and no desert, it will cost upward of $180 before tip.  The only way to get out with the $$$ rating is to have no alcohol or under-order.
4	First I like to say the service was excellent, he was very nice and helpful. The food is delicious but just a little bit over priced. But I just don't think this place deserves 5 stars.
2	I had high expectations for Martorano's because my Italian friend was raving about it.  Unfortunately I really wasn't impressed.  We started with the Calamari in sweet chili sauce which I thought was horrible.  It was a really easy way to ruin calamari.  Two of my friends liked it, and one thought it was edible.  I guess the deal with this restaurant is that Mr. Martorano knows Italian food and he makes it the way he likes it.  I am NOT rushing to eat dinner at his house.  It was a very Northern Italian style that was heavy on the meat.  His famous meatballs are a mixture of veal, pork, and beef.  I don't eat veal and I'm not really a pork eater so I was not interested there.  The rest of the menu was really lacking.  There was no gnocchi or risotto, only one fish option, and really no salad.  I think if I want some spaghetti, I can make that at home (and better).  So most of the entrees are around $20-$25.  When the waiter said that there was a special of Chilean sea bass, I decided to go for it.  It did come with some awesome spinach with huge chunks of garlic and the herb crust was good, but the sauce was drowning the fish.  It was really heavy.  Although it was my fault for not asking, I was REALLY surprised to see that the sea bass was $48.  The service was seriously lacking as well.  We told our server that we had show reservations and needed to be in and out quick, but he was really slow and often seemed confused about what was on the menu and maybe even just life in general.  He also did a weird crumb relocation rather than cleaning before the main courses arrived.  He started to scrape up the crumbs, but just left the piles he made on the table.  He also started to tidy up a little spill, but half way through just left it.  I've definitely had much better Italian food and would not rush back here anytime soon.
5	They promised the best meatball and they delivered! My meal at Martorano's was the best meal I had in Vegas!
5	If you are in las Vegas go to the Rio Hotel and find Cafe Martorano. It is beyond well worth it. The is quite possibly the best meal I have ever had in my life. It never gets old. I have been there every time and the food is to die for. Rumor has it The Rio paid Steve Martorano 1 Million dollars to open his famous Ft. Lauderdale eatery there.I know why.  First of all this is the coolest place to eat. The dining room is surrounded by large screen TVs playing clips from the best movies on the planet. The will have music playing then all of the sudden you hear the best lines from Pulp Fiction, Casino, The Godfather, No Country For Old Men, etc., and the whole restaurant stops eating and joins in. "Check out the big brain on Bret" exclaims Jules from Pulp Fiction.Awesome. Then comes the food. I would highly recommend tossing the menu aside and let them bring you out a sampling. Meat Balls the size of a baseball, scampi that will melt in your mouth, philly cheese steaks that are better than in Philly, and the list goes on and on. This is S. Philly Italian cooking at it's best. Don't be surprised if someone gets on their table and starts to dance, it happens.I love this place. If Steve is there, say hi, you can't miss him.
2	What the hell is this place? Fancy looking... but with TVs all over the place. Showing movies (Leon: The Professional was on while I was dining... superb movie, but not really fancy dinner fare). The service was pretty good, but the servers had to wear a shirt that said 'Yo Cuz' on it. Ew. I really can't get over how surreal the environment was. Just absolutely bizarre. That said, the food everyone had was pretty good. Not really worth the prices, but my calamari and veal parm were good. The cannoli for dessert was sub-par. I guess if you're really into the Jersey Shore culture and what that while eating a not-inexpensive meal, check this place out. Otherwise steer clear.
1	We went to this restaurant as a fluke.  We picked up our tickets for the Penn and Teller show and decided to have dinner on site.  We saw there was Gaylord Indian restaurant and were so excited to eat there. Alas, the restaurant closed its doors permanently the week before.  So it was suggested we eat at this restaurant instead.  We should have just driven down the street to the In-n-Out burger for what we endured.   We had to eat at the bar since the dining room was booked up. So we sat next to similar patrons trying kill time before the show.  I noticed immediately that most had left most of their food on their plates. That should have been the warning sign!  We first ordered the spicy calamari.  Can you say rubber! They're we're deep fried rubber bands.  Next was our pasta dishes.  On the menu, there was a " disclaimer" that they serve their pasta " al dente".  Now we are from Chicago and know Italian food and what al dente is like.  This was NOT al dente!  What we ate was under cooked and tasteless.  I had the spaghetti marinara and my boyfriend clams with pasta.  After the first bite, we both asked for Parmesan cheese and pepper to doctor the taste. It literally took 3 hefty servings of Parmesan cheese to put any flavor or mask the tasteless of the meal.  What added insult to injury, was the price. We paid $99 (with tax and tip) for this atrocity!  If you stay at the Rio or go there for a show do not waste hard earned money, time or taste buds  trying to digest a meal here.  You will just go home feeling frustrated and a little queasy!
5	Seafood Linguini? BEST i have had...in the W O R L D. You will miss out if you do not head to this gem and try it out.
5	Meatball? Second only to Raos.House Salad - esquisit.Seafood Linguini? - You CANNOT go wrong. Enjoy!!!
4	Went here for a staff dinner one night. We ordered a couple of meatballs to share. DEFINITELY try the meatballs. They are FANTASTIC! The evening we were there they had a Chilean Sea Bass special. It was melt in your mouth tender. Those of us that ordered the special just about licked our plates clean. Place is a bit pricey... but hey, you're in Vegas!!
4	Yeah Yeah.  Located at the Rio.  Everyone knows about the Carnival World Buffet and their Village Seafood Buffet.  That's how the hotel pushes it's marketing: "go to our Carnival World Buffet".  I don't think too highly about the buffet.  In the 90s, it was the buffet to experience because of the quality and price.  Now it's only about the price.  Well, surprisingly, I was surprised that the Rio has one hell of a restaurant on site.Martorano's!!!!!  I went with three picky eaters.  We normally stay at the higher end casinos like The Wynn or Caesar's.  But we had to stay at the Rio due to Business reasons.  Well, we were tired so we chose this place.  What a great surprise.  In fact, it was the best meal I had during my 3 day trip, although the Wicked Spoon Buffet also ranks up there!My friends are picky but they all three decided to have the Meatball Salad.  What a weird choice.  Meatball Salad????  But they LOVED it.  It was so memorable that we spoke about it weeks later.Me on the other hand, I don't like to follow everyone else so I decided to order something else.  I ordered the Bucatini Carbonara.  I love Carbonara.  I've had it in some of the best restaurants.  Beverly Hills, Paris France, New York.  Well, hands down, this was the BEST Carbonara I have ever had.  Wow.  It was so beautiful I wanted to take a picture but my friends would have laughed at me.  They are obviously not a foodie like me and my fellow Yelpers.  The Bucatini, which is a thicker spaghetti, was al dente.  Perfectly al dente.  The Carbonara was delicious.  It had a raw egg yolk on it and you had to pop it.  It goosed out and made the Carbonara authentically delicious.  I added some fresh ground black pepper and it was PERFECT.I actually think about it.  I recently had Linguini Carbonara at two fancy places in Los Angeles and was disappointed.  Martorano's has set the bar very high for me and has ruined Carbonara for me......unless I'm willing to make the trip to Las Vegas!!!!  This is one instance where "What happens in Vegas Stays in Vegas".  No......spread the word.  The Best Carbonara I have ever had was at the Rio Hotel and not at the Buffet!!!!
5	I can hardly believe there is only one review on this place! (Forgot to publish this back in February so it  might not be true anymore) Amazing meal. Atmosphere was fun and festive. Service was really good. Food was delicious. We will definitely be back next time we are in Vegas. Location is perfect - right next to Chippendales (here for a bachelorette party) and the voodoo lounge, and if you have a good table you can watch the Carnaval parade go by...  A+
3	Hubby and I came here for anniversary dinner since we were staying at the Rio anyways and was recommended by friends.We both loved the chili olive oil for dipping the bread (different spin and good).Hubby ordered the Pescadora (Lobster, Clams, and Shrimp over Linguini in a Red Sauce)  Per hubby the seafood was AMAZING but the linguini with red sauce was just okay and not as flavorful as he was expecting.I had the Famous Meatball Salad and although the meatball was VERY good as was the salad.  Overall the whole dish was too salty for me.
4	I've seen the reviews and I have dined at many a restaurant and I can say that this place served me the best meal that I have had in Vegas.  We were hungry and lazy and decided to dine in the hotel and were quite pleased with our choice.Let it be known that we did not order off of the menu, the night that we were there there were two special, one sea bass in a white wine and butter sauce with polenta and the other was a linguini with lobster and prawns.I swear my pasta kept getting better and better as I got closer to the bottom of the bowl.  And my friends sea bass was melt in your mouth delicious.  Our waiter Chris was nice as well.
4	We had a great time here!!! Great staff and the spaghetti and meatballs were awesome!!!My friends really loved the sea bass but were sick afterwards...
2	Overpriced, average Italian in a hyped-up wise guy environment supposedly reminiscing of the old days of Phili lore.  Italian food should never cost this much.  I tried it twice, twice too many.
2	Went here on a Sunday evening with a party of 6.  Caesar salad and canoli  were the best parts of the meal, everything in between was just average, and overall everything was WAY overpriced.  Service was adequate but not what you would expect for the prices on the menu.  The atmosphere was not appropriate in our opinion; the music and the movie clips (bloody scenes from Casino and other mob type movies) just did not make any sense to us for a place to feel comfortable eating.Caesar salad was well dressed with a good dressing and croutons, and was a very nice sized portion, enough to share.We (tried to) split the stuffed clams appetizer, but only 2 of our party could eat it because it was so greasy and way too spicy.  I love stuffed clams but have never tasted any with quite as much red pepper as they put in it.For the main dishes, one person in out party ordered the Chicken Parm.  It was a decent sized piece of chicken, but for 24 dollars it comes all by itself on a plate, no side of pasta or anything.  I have heard of the a la carte menu items on a steakhouse menu but would it really be hard to add a little mound of pasta?The chicken marsala and gnocchi were pretty tasty, even though the chicken was on the salty side.  They are very heavy-handed on the salt and cheese, especially the ricotta scoops they put in the bowls of spaghetti and meatballs, which a few of us had.  The pasta was cooked nicely, the sauce was very one-note in my opinion, and the 'famous' meatball was just average.  My mom has been making it better for years, and everyone at the table agreed.  I would not go back there unless I just wanted the salad and cannoli, and even then I might just get it to go.
5	Excellent food, ambiance, and service!!!  We didn't have a reservation nor had any expectations, we were here to see the Penn and Teller show at 9 am and want to good eats nearby....also to celebrate a friends 60th birthday that evening.  We thought we give Cafe Martorano a try...glad we did.  The food was delicious and the service was even better.  We each ordered from the prix fixe menu which include a started, main and dessert.  Also order a bottle of red wine and two expresso....all for about $200.00!! That is considered a good deal since food on the main strip can run you more than $75 for fine dining. Food:  Ordered their Meatballs, they're suppose to be famous for them (pic).  The calamari with the peppers was delicious (pic), I would go back just for this dish alone!  We brought in our own cake and the server presented with our cannoli.  Made the evening even more special for my friend. Regular menu items are reasonable as well (well reasonable for Vegas anyway!)Ambiance: White table cloth with five star service, but you can also come in casual as we seen people in flip flop and shorts.  You get the same service.  Overlooking the pool, open kitchen.  Unexpected: The "Godfather" was playing on three screen (or maybe more) in the restaurant, which was a little odd, but other than that it was fine as watching a younger Pacino and De Niro was an added bonus to the evening. NOTE:  The server said we could use our receipt to get into the Voodoo Rooftop Nightclub.
5	Eggplant stack was amazing! Meatballs and gravy, and the gnocchi were delicious.
5	Great dinner!  The service was great and the Chicken Martorano was fantastic!
5	During a recent stay at the Rio, my girlfriend and I decided to do Martorano's for dinner.We are vegetarians, so there were only a handful of options for us,  but enough that we felt there was at least some choice.  She had the gnocchi which was quite good,  I had the pizza which I also greatly enjoyed.  I expected a 10" pizza as most places have for single servings... but this was a 12" and half of it was our breakfast the next morning.  The meals were good, but the prices for the food and wine were very Vegas, and by that, I mean over priced.We're both very snobbish when it comes to food, so while the meals were very good, they were certainly not the best we've had.Dessert was another story.  We decided to split the tiramisu... we were not prepared for this.  Previously the best I've had was at a hole in the wall in Rome where the staff did not speak English (a requirement if I'm going to a sit-down restaurant in a city with lots of tourism).   This tiramisu was leaps and bounds better.  Perfect is an understatement.  When I return to Vegas, I'm coming back to Martornao's just for this, and you should as well.
1	I've been coming here for about 3years. During the World Series of poker there are few restaurants to eat at in the Rio. My first few times coming here (3years ago) I had an amazing experience the food and service were 5star and it was one of the things I looked forward to while staying at the dingy Rio Hotel. Anyways I ate there 2x in July. The first time just my boyfriend and I dined there and after our meal our stomachs went hay wire for 2days! We got so sick! Then we went back with another couple. Because we werent 100% sure that it was Martoranos that made us sick, but low and behold after the 4 of us went to dinner EVERYONE had horrible issues with their digestive system. I dont know if the food was spoiled or if they just over did it on the grease but we never plan on returning there. It tasted great but the after affects were not worth it. It almost makes me loose my appetite when I think about what exactly they are doing in their kitchen that made everyone so sick.
4	I was very surprised at the quality of food and service i received here. The restaurant is tucked away in the crappy Rio hotel but is by far one of the better places I have eaten at in vegas.
4	Wow, what an unxepected dining pleasure! First walking in noticing the dark ambiance of a supper club, the cool Philly Sounds music playing and then the food.... mozarella was the best I ever tasted. Wonderful smooth texture, prefectly seasoned. Caprese tomatoes were spot on. I had a simple marinara spaghetti which had a nice flavor, noodles cooked perfectly. Kris' Chicken Maralsa was cooked very good, great flavor. With all that and American Gangster playing in th background, it was all good and more!
1	Food was good, but over priced. 4 people, and we paid $180, no alcohol, just one apetizer and some pasta dishes.  Service was amazing. But the reason I am giving this restuarant 1 star is because they played SCARFACE while I was having dinner with my small chiildren!How can an "upscale" restaurant play a rated R movie, which portrays violence, in a setting which is supposed to be relaxing, romantic and classicWe had to leave in the middle of our meal, no time for dessert and rush through a few bitesMy husband had to remove my children from the table during one of the killing scenesI addressed this with the manager, and he didn't seem interested in what I had to sayDO NOT GIVE THIS RESTUARANT ANY BUSINESS!
5	Yes...Lina And I did this up...Martoranos @ The Rio, Las Vegas.   The best Italian food, the Best Service and the coolest Ambiance......try the Meatball and Martorano salad..Chicken Marsala, pasta al dente.....huge servings, great fresh taste....just cooked my first Martorano Tomato sauce using your recipe...Thanks Steve!!!
5	What can I say about this place? I have been to this establishement 4 times, and each time it keeps getting better. I usually scoff at going to restaurants in casinos, but I highly recommend this restaurant if you're looking for excellent italian food, and don't mind it being a little bit pricey.I had the spaghetti, and I know what you're thinking, just spaghetti? I don't know what they do to the pasta here, but its so good its addicting. I dream of going back to Cafe Martorano and having the spaghetti.The meatball that I shared as an appetizer was huge! Its definately enough for two people, and like anything else I've had is excellent. Make sure to save some room for dessert! Might I suggest a cannoli?
5	In a nutshell,  loved the entire dining experience!!!  My family & I dined at Martorano's on Saturday December 22, 2012.  We had reservation for 5:30 pm (right when the doors of the restaurant open).  We were going to be attending the Rat Pack show at the Rio that night.  It started promptly at 7:00 pm, and therefore, we needed to eat early.  My family & I arrived promptly at Martorano's at 5:30, as the doors were literally opening.  We were warmly greeted by the hostess & the manager Jeff, which I really appreciated and thought was a nice touch.  The polite hostess lead us to a nice, comfortable table by a window that allowed me to check out the part of the restaurant that was in our area.  The ambiance:  I loved the dim lighting that was accented with red hues lining the curves on the ceiling; Music was the soft sounds of Frank Sinatra/ Rat Pack tunes (a nice warm up for our upcoming entertainment), and the decor was contemporary, but not cold...Which is right up my alley.  I could also see the flat screen t.v.'s, but I can't remember what was being shown as I was more focused on the people at my table.  What I did notice was that even though we were eating at such an early hour, that the restaurant was not a ghost town.  In fact, it was bustling!  That too was a plus, because it's not fun if you are in a place all alone.  After being seated, we were quickly greeted by our server, Ben.  BTW...He is amazing!  Attentive & checked on us at all the right times (but not bothersome), super affable and I have to say, an all around a Pro!  Ask for Ben when you eat at Martorano's!!!  I told Ben that we were seeing the Rat Pack at the casino at 7:00.  He assured me that he would be make sure we made our show, and not to worry.  (I have to say, I was a bit worried that we may feel rushed through our dinner).  My husband & I started out with two Belvedere cocktails, that were just like we make at home.  More times than not my Grayhound comes out less than perfect, but here it was a 10!  As we sipped on our cocktails, we looked over the menu.  For starters, we ordered two Homemade Meatball Salad and the Shrimp Scampi.  Loved them both, but that Meatball Salad was out of this world!  I've never had it before, and it has stayed on my mind since then.  I will come back for it again!!!  Everyone at the table agreed.  For our dinner, my husband & mom ordered the fish of the day which was Chillean Sea Bass.  It was done to perfection...They both devoured it.  I tried a piece and it simply melted in my mouth....Yummy!  I had the Veal Picatta and I was in heaven delicious.  All the flavors bursted in my mouth.  Finally, my dad had the Veal Cutlet Parmigiana.  I know it was good, because he didn't even offer us a bit.  We paired our dinner with Cakebread Chardonnay.....Perfection!!!  Our waiter, Ben set the perfect cadence for our dinner and we were not rushed in the least.  In fact had time for desert.  However, we passed on desert as we were well satiated.  Almost forgot....When we were finishing up, the manager, Jeff, came up to our table to check on our dining experience.....Very cool that he was concerned about what we thought.  We conveyed to him that our experience was superb....A TEN!!!   Check Martoranno's out when in Vegas.  It is not inexpensive, but in my opinion, you get what you pay for.  The food, service, and ambiance make it well worth the price!!!
5	I'm a seasonal Las Vegas Resident, I've eaten at the best restaurants in town and I've got to say, Cafe Martorano's is one of my absolute FAVORITE restaurants in Las Vegas!!!  When I'm in town I eat here AT LEAST once a week...some of the best italian food I've ever tasted, and the service is impeccable. THE BEST Meatball in town....TO DiE FOR!!! My other favs are the Eggplant stack & the Philly Cheesesteak. SO YUMMM!!! http://thesuiteworld.com/blog/cafe-martorano-best-meatballs-italian-restaurants-vegas/
4	Good food, extremely loud environment, great waiters.Staying at Rio it's hard to imagine a really good restaurant embedded in this old world Vegas casino however Cafe Martorano surprises you when you dine there.A clean upscale looking design with fa very friendly staff greeting you at the door.You immediately get a more hip vibe as your shown to your table. Disco music was blasting, Godfather 2 was playing on the video screens ( my all time favorite film so right away they got me) and white cloth tables await your arrival.The menu is old school Italian fare with their signature meatball at the top. We chose to go with a series of appetizers and salads for dinner.Here's the scoop on the foodMeatball with Ricotta cheese - great and lives up to the hypeEggplant Stack- pricey but was by far my favorite dish. Can share between 3 peopleMartorano Salad - good crisp lettuce, excellent slices of pecorino Romano, light dressingFresh mozzarella with prosciutto - nice dish, not buffalo mozzarella but fresh and served with Prosciutto drizzled with olive oilBaked clams - they have a bit of a kick with red pepper flakes, not my favorite dishCannoli for dessert was very goodTwo issues I had with CM was extremely loud environment where even the waiters have to scream to be heard and all our courses came out at the same time. I know we ordered a bit different by ordering all appetizers however it should have been paced a bit.Overall though, great food and great friendly service overcome the two shortfalls. And oh, Godfather 2 playing, well that just makes the whole experience even better.
3	Other than the hostess being a total snob upon our arrival, we had a great experience at Cafe Martorano (our server was much friendlier, so that took the bitterness out of the first impression.)I went with the pre-fixe menu, which was actually a great price by Vegas standards - $45 for three wonderful courses. Started with the caprese salad (really fresh and tasty), then the tagliatelle with cream sauce, chicken and peas (rich and delicious), and ended the meal with a sweet cannoli. Our waiter was really friendly and helpful with suggestions - everyone agreed the portions were HUGE (too much, really), but the food was delicious. It's a nice place in the Rio and I'd definitely go again.
5	Meatball with salad.  The best I ever had.  Homemade mozzarella. Delish.  Loud ass TVs, disco balls, pumping music with interruptions of scenes from The Godfather or Pulp Fiction.....it's weird and fantastic and oh so Jersey Shore.  Don't expect to be able to hold a conversation with the person across the table...make sure you sit side by side, even if you have to move your chair....and for God's sake....guys, feed your girls...and drink lots of red wine.  I love this place because it is SO unexpected...don't like it?  Yo cuz, don't break his balls!  In the words of Steve Martorano...Your sister's ass!
4	Best meal we had in Vegas this trip. Several tables complained about the music being too loud. The response from the wait staff was that is the way the owner likes it regardless of what the customers say. Not a good response. That alone makes me doubt a return visit.
5	I don't hand out five stars often - but in this case, I think they are warranted.  We can't say anything bad about this place.The food is not typical Italian - it's Italian, but with a South Philadelphia flair.  Everything was very good - I don't know how much else I can say.  The tomatoes in the Caprese tasted like tomatoes.  The cheese (both Mozzarella and Ricotta) are made in house.  The meatball is to die for.  The desserts were good.Our waiter, Ben, was as good as they come - really - his service made our experience perfect.
5	Went there today for dinner before a show. Fantastic! The food had amazing flavor, service was on point and the vibe of the place was great.
5	Always a great place for dinner or a drink with a quick bite to eat at the bar. I'm from the same neighborhood as owner Steve Martorano back in south Philly and friends with 2 of his family members. Martoranos is the only place you will find authentic south Philly Italian cooking. The staff are all very welcoming and friendly with Jeff the general manager and Steve an Bethany the bartenders. My first night there I remember ordering nearly $200 worth of food and drinks for myself and sampling the menu. All of which exceeded my expectations. If you're arriving there just for only a quick bite at the bar a must have whether its your first visit as a tourist or a regular is the homemade meatballs. It's well worth it. The cannoli deserts are amazing, as well as the pasta, risotto, and most importantly the friendly attentive service and overall dining experience.
4	Was part of a large group here on Saturday, The food was very good, the wine was very good, but the place was really loud. Very Trendy restaurant, but thankfully the food lived up to the hype.
4	Been here many times.   Atmosphere feels a bit snobby and douchy.   If it wasn't for the fact that I am a philly native and crave traditional Philly Italian food, I wouldn't come here.That said, I love the food at this place.   Not terribly sophisticated, way overpriced, and not much better than I believe I can make myself, but it is good.Ricotta with anything is good.  meatballs are good, and traditional Philly.   Their cheesesteak is really tasty, but again traditional and not worth the $16 they charge.  Have had numerous dishes, all of which were good for a Philly native.
2	Disappointing to say the least. This is the second time we have been here and I was left not wanting to go back. The service was decent, but the food and the price were really surprising, and not the good kind. We started off with the calamari in the chili sauce, which I think there is a photo on yelp of this dish. The calamari was fresh and so tender, but because it was breaded and then drenched in a TON of sauce, it left it mushy and overwhelming, we couldn't even finish it. Why cover it so much sauce that you completely ruin the entirety of the dish? Usually, you would find this on a place that serves old or frozen calamari, which this doesn't seem to be the case so I just don't get it. It would have been much more enjoyable with a drizzle, or little side of sauce to spoon onto your dish. Next the entree, I ordered veal parm, which was decent but nothing spectacular. The side of spaghetti I got was remarkable, I must say, it was some of the best spaghetti I have ever had but everything else was quite lack luster and mundane. Not something I would be willing to drop another $200 bucks on. Again, value for money and while I get this is Vegas, I think so many places in touristy spots don't need to count on repeat business that they don't really care if they gouge people because someone else will be checking into the Rio (where this place is located) the next day.
5	Absolutely,positively, without a DOUBT, the best food I have ever eaten! The Philly cheese steak and carbonara are a must try and then try again and again. We have driven from Newport Beach to Las Vegas just to eat! Pathetic, I know but it's that amazing!! Steve is opening another location in the Paris hotel that will be open for lunch too! Yay, now we can eat it twice a day!!
4	My husband and I went there for dinner and it was great! The best calamari I ever had. We sat at the bar, and the service was exceptional. We ordered what she recommended and it did not disappoint. The only drawback was the price. It was pretty expensive, but not any more expensive than the other dinner restaurants there in the Rio.
2	AVOID THIS PLACE - BAD FOOD, BAD SERVICE & HORRIBLE ATMOSPHEREMy stomach is still unsettled from last night's dinner.....And so are the stomachs of the other three I dined with.My suggestion - Go elsewhere in Vegas - anywhere.  For a suggestion as to where to go:Piero's is far better experience (upscale food and ambiance)  for about the same price.  It's located right off the strip and has been a favorite here for over 30 years.We are a local Las Vegas family that eats out at good fine dining restaurants regularly.  We know good food when we experience it - and when we don't.We didn't experience good food here.Boy were we surprised when the bill came.  I never saw $300 coming.  Now we pay more than that regularly, but never as a surprise.  Here is what we had:Appetizers:-2 salads $16 each- Mozzarella appetizer special (average appetizer price on menu $18)- Eggplant Stack $23- Rice Balls $16Entrees:-  Plain pasta with tomato sauce (as main dish for one person) $19- Veal Parmesan $28- Veal Picatta $30- Seafood special (Sea Bass with two shrimp) (average entree price on menu $28)One glass of wine $17No dessert.Using prices from the menu for items ordered above, the bill should have been $211So how did they get it to $300?  (That's 50% more than we expected to pay.....)The bill was filled with extra charges - for items that the server made sound were included.  For example, I ordered the Veal Parmesan, and asked if pasta came as a side.  When I was told yes, I asked for penne, and was told the chef does not allow substitutions for side pastas.  But they charged $10 for that side of pasta - which I did not eat as it was horrible.  I would have sent it back and asked for it done right if I knew they were going to charge.  They also charged for extra sauce on a main dish.  I've NEVER seen that happen - EVER.  And the specials were way above the average price on the menu.  Both Appetizer and entree were $20 each above average menu pricing.  Fine dining restaurants ALWAYS price their specials around the average price of their menu, and tell you when they have something extraordinary that deserves higher pricing.The service was non-existent.   We were constantly looking for our server when food was missing from the table.  I waited at least 30 minutes from when others received their appetizers to get mine.  No acknowledgement of delay, no explanation provided - until I pointed it out.And the atmosphere - well what can I say.....Large TV's throughout showing the "celebrity" cook on a TV show (he obviously was not in the kitchen).   And about 8 speakers hanging from the ceiling - each the size of a large person - with music so loud that no one could hear each other talk.Again - avoid this place.  Go anywhere else for better food and an overall better dining experience.
3	There are no words to describe fresh made mozzarella.  The plastic we purchase at grocery stores does not qualify for this discussion.  After reading an article (years ago) about a woman's search for truly fresh mozzarella, I motivated to find the product of which she spoke.  I order this cheese everywhere it indicates "fresh" on the menu and until this dinner, I had not experienced this culinary bliss.  Order it before it is pulled, at which time it takes on the texture of which you are probably more familiar.  It changes the taste, you want the pre-pulled, just drained goodness.  The meal was very good and deserves more stars than I awarded.  The late seating (New Year's Eve) had us eating at 10-10:30pm, which is just too uncomfortable for me.  However, the reheated Chilean Sea Bass was stupendous.  Portion size of the fish was impressive.  It was served with risotto and saute spinach which were good but otherwise unremarkable, the fish was the star of this plate.  My low star marks evolve from the atmosphere.  Clearly this turns from restaurant to club around 10pm on most nights.  The sound system must be automatically set to turn up, way up, at this hour.  I could only nod and smile at comments made by my table mates as I could not hear them.  Given no conversation was going on other than the person seated immediately to my side, my attention often drifted to the movies showing on multiple screens.  WHAT ARE THEY THINKING?  I don't know the flick, but I watch a man get cut into pieces in a shower by mobsters.  Do I really need to go further?  For every downer, there was a counter upper.  The LOUD music was 70s-80s mostly and I will return here for a night of dancing, much preferable over the house throb everywhere else (even Stoney's plays this crap).  As for food, I'll take it to go or you can serve me in the wine cellar.  I don't want to eat in your space again.
1	Do Not eat here unless you like to eat in a disco environment. Went here with a large group at CES.  Appetizers were very good.  Meatballs yummy.  Meals were good.  But loud music plays nonstop, disco, rap, and other weird songs so loud you cant talk.  Movie scenes are played on 25 TV screens and every now and then the music stops and the movie sound blasts the room.  Horrible dinner environment.  Asked manager if he could lower the volume and he said after 8 they pumped it up because people like it.  Note Friday night in Vegas and this place was half full.  Manager take note.  I will never go back and neither will the Herbs 17 people who were in our party
5	This was some of the best Italian food I have ever had. My friend, who is from Philly, also loved it. I had the chicken marsala without the pasta, they were out of gluten-free and that's the only kind I can eat.Our table had the Caesar salad and an appetizer special. I don't remember what it was called but it had mozzarella and prosciutto (I think), tomatoes and Italian spices. It was nothing short of heaven (IMO). On our other visit, we had the meatballs with ricotta (soooo good!) and I tried my friend's Chilean Seabass. I swear I am now ruined for all other Seabass, ever.If you're in Vegas I highly recommend this place. And if you're staying at The Rio, you shouldn't eat anywhere else in the hotel.
2	*  Welcome Experience-  Blatantly BadHad the same obnoxious vibe as the decor.  I actually got the impression that the hostesses thought we were lucky to be there.  It's odd, like the employees are "drinking the kool-aid!  *  Establishment-  Blatantly BadThis place was obnoxious!  Even for Vegas!  Figure out what you're going to be!  And when you do, STOP taking yourselves so seriously!  The endless photos and looping videos of this owner were over the top obnoxious.  I thought it was humor at one point.  Ugh. *  Service-  DiscouragingThe staff seemed indifferent, until I started asking questions about the owner and the decor.  They CAME TO LIFE talking about the "story" of the owner who started as a DJ and spoke so fondly of him.  It was a bit off-putting really.  Then I asked for a substitution and they gleefully pointed at the NO SUBSTITUTIONS banner at the bottom of the menu.   NOPE.  If there's one thing I can't stand it's a restaurant that posts "no substitutions" anywhere.  Combine that with the odd gaudy decor, looping video of the odd owner and odd sense of pretentiousness from the staff, I was baffled.*  Food Quantity / Quality / Presentation-  OrdinaryMy entree was ordinary.  Really just ok.  The bread, however was OUTSTANDING.  It really shined with the olive oil.  Very good.  We were a party of seven and everyone's dish was just ok. *  What I'll rememberThe gaudy decor, the odd sense of "brainwash" that seemed to captivate the pretentious staff, the endless looping video of the garish owner making pasta.  I'm chuckling as I write this.  So strange.*  What I can't wait to forgetThe gaudy decor, the odd sense of "brainwash" that seemed to captivate the pretentious staff, the endless looping video of the garish owner making pasta.
4	The food was a little on the pricey side, but you get what you pay for, meaning it was well worth it! The staff was very helpful. The food was delicious - I love Italian food!  We walked out of there stuffed and happy. Would definitely eat there again.
5	I really liked this place.My uncle is a seven stars member at the Caesars hotels, so he has his pick of any restaurant. It truly says something that this is his go to place whenever he comes to visit.After reading reviews, I honestly didn't know what to expect. After having dined here, I can say 100% why people may be off-put. Vegas has a bad habit of trying to bend over backward to try and please everyone to the point where sometimes, people really get a sense of entitlement. (It's true. I mean nothing at all against tourists, but I work in the industry and you would be surprised at what we go through on a daily basis to try and please everyone all the time. I don't know what other city does this to that degree). That's what I admire about this restaurant. In a city that often loses itself in that need to please, Martorano's stays true to itself, puts it out there, and if you don't like it, "fuggettaboutit!" It's refreshing! That's not to say they don't want to make their guests happy and don't care about their experience, it just means "we make Sicilian/Italian/American homestyle food and we play clips of the movies we love. We hope you enjoy it but we're not going to cry about it if you don't."Food wise, this place is legitimate. It's really hard to get the Italian food you're looking for outside of the east coast, but Martorano's does not disappoint. The meatballs are insane and a great appetizer. Our entire table of 6 (excluding me, but I was full) left little to nothing on their plates, and my leftovers held up well the next day. They also have generous portions. A must visit for anyone wanting a great meal without the bs.
5	3 course special for $40 - large shrimp scampi, spaghetti and meatballs and a large cannoli is the best deal around. Great music, atmosphere, staff and food.
5	Love the combo of food, gangster movies and lively music! Service is always great, and the food is divine. My fave is the spicy seafood pasta (it's been presented as a special the times I've been). I had the Lobster Francaise on my last visit, which was a great option - light, flavorful, and the risotto was perfect. From the raves I heard from my friends about their dishes, there really isn't a bad choice on the menu. Lay back, relax, eat, dance in your seat, and try not to watch the gory parts of the movie playing while you eat!
4	I read many of the negative reviews and almost cancelled, but was glad I didn't. My family of 5 enjoyed good Italian food at a reasonable price. The calamari appetizer had good flavor. Our server was attentive, but not over bearing. I saw people complain about the lack of substitutions on the part of the restaurant, this is simply not true. They more than compromise, except on the 3 course fixed price menu, which is more than understandable. My wife had the ceasar salad, which was light, but still had the sardine flavor  one would expect. Although, they do not have a children's menu, the appetizer pizza was more than enough for my 9 and 13 year old to share. If you choose to go, be aware that this is probably not the quietest restaurant on the strip. If you don't already have a total rewards casino card, you may want to stop downstairs and pick one up as they offer about a 10% discount on most items with the card. Overall, the food was good and the price was on the lower end for Las Vegas.
5	I love Martorano's! I have been to the Ft. Lauderdale location before and while in Vegas made a point to visit them and I was not disappointed. I love the upscale table and service, but in the fun format of large TVs, music and lights. The music was fun, but not so loud a conversation couldn't be had. The food is great. My significant others family is Italian and his grandparents were first generation Italian. The Eggplant Stack is amazing and I enjoyed the traditional dish of Meatballs. In times past, I have had the other less "traditional" dishes and each one has been awesome.If you are looking for candle lit romance, this may not be the place, but if you want fun, candle lit romance with fabulous food and service this is THE place.
5	I ate here back in June 2013, the night before I competed in a World Series of Poker tournament.  Since it was located at the Rio, it looked like a good choice.Having been in the air for over 12 hours that day, I was looking forward to eating something not in a box.  Martorano's really piqued my interest is I am originally from Philly and so is the owner and namesake.  I've tried New York, and the Boston North End, but the Philly Italian restaurants are supreme. Will Matorano's be the same? After a consult with my very helpful and friendly waiter, I opted for the $50 prix fixe menu, which was Caesar salad, Veal Cutlet, and dessert.  I also had to try the Meatball appetizer, the true acid test of a good Italian restaurant.Everything I had was outstanding.  The veal was tender as butter and was seasoned perfectly.  But the meatballs were the high point of the meal.  The blend of meat and the succulent marinara sauce were exquisite.The server filled me in on Steve "Cuz" Matorano.  He is a character -- like something that fell out of a Rocky movie -- but his food is the real deal.Although I busted out of the poker tournament the next day, I still felt like a winner after eating at Martorano's.
5	I really liked this place. Excellent service and food was great. Had the steak and it was amazing.
4	This was my 3rd time here. Fantastic Italian food. Ordered the special steak and risotto. Cut like butter, awesome flavored mushroom bernaise . The spaghetti and famous meatball was a little dry this time, so did not eat all of that. They comped dessert to make up for it. You can't ask for extra sauce since all is prepared to order, so ask for more sauce in advance. Great wine list, and great waiter. Knew the menu well. Will be back when visiting Vegas.
5	This was my first experience in the restaurant.  I've never had a waiter so attentive and knowledgeable of the menu.  He has been with the restaurant since opening.  His recommendations for starters were the eggplant stack and the meatball with ricotta cheese.  They were incredible!  The ambiance was great.  Busy restaurant, but you could still carry on a conversation without yelling.  Regarding dress attire:  I would think this restaurant would require dressy attire, but there were some people in casual.  Very much enjoyed my evening and  will be back again!
5	My husband and I went here for our 8th wedding anniversary after seeing the Rat Pack show at the Rio. It was seriously the BEST lasagna I have EVER had! And they had a great selection of delicious appetizers and desserts as well. It is a more modern atmosphere with "club" type music playing but that didn't bother us, we were still able to have a discussion. Due to the music it may not be the best choice for older couples (60+) but I hear they play more Rat Pack type music earlier in the evening so that would be nice to try! We went at 845pm. I saw they were preparing to open one at Paris on the Strip and can't wait to visit that one as well!
2	Food = 3 star (good flavor over all)Service= 1 star (inattentive staff)Atmosphere = 2 star (it's like a disco club. ??, but was clean)Quality = 2 star (food was fresh, but seafood was over cooked. Lobster was like rubber) For such and expensive dish, blah and not worth the price tag(s).Overall I would've given it a 2.5 or less. For a $$$, not worth it. They wouldn't serve us bread with oil and vinegar until we ordered dinner.....and that was sad. Better to spend the money on a cab and go to a better equipped restaurant for $50+ per person/plate without an alcoholic beverage. It's EXPENSIVE and financially and quality worthy of just going to In-N-Out.
4	Food varies. My dish, the carbonara, was awesome! Real authentic and even came with the raw egg (Something that most places won't do). My husband ordered the Chicken Marsala. The sauce was amazing, probably due to using a good wine, but I found that the chicken was a bit dry and tough. The Caesar salad was a very large portion and excellent. It was a little heavy on the EVOO but that seemed to be a trend here. Granted it is a very good quality oil, so I did not mind. The service was real great as well! Table was kept clean, staff was very knowledgeable of their menu, and the remaining staff kept busy and even though it looked a little slow they were working (setting tables, etc). The decor and location are why I gave it 4 stars. If this restaurant moved to an on-strip location like the Bellagio, Cosmo, or Venetian/Palazzo I think they would do much better. The Rio just does not do them justice. The view of the pool is not so great and the tables and chairs are a bit outdated and show some wear and tear.Overall, I would come back for a birthday dinner or special ocassion!We went to see the MJ Live show after and it was very entertaining. Recomendation: Dinner and a Show!
4	Looking for italian restaurant? This is the place to go. Great view and place. Servers offer you variety of pasta to chose from and wine, great choices. If you are looking for a first romantic dinner date, this is the place. Great staffs too and very friendly.
5	First timer going to Martorano's and I was blown away.  The wonderful experience started at the host stand with a beautiful young lady Devon.  She was very engaging and friendly and guided us to our cozy table with a pool view.  My girl was unsure of the club like atmosphere at first but after she heard a couple of her jams she was loving it.  Our server did a fantastic job with his introduction all the way to the check presentation.  He had black slicked back hair and had been with the restaurant since it opened at The RIo.  The bus staff and runners were on point as well.  We had the Meatball with the salad.  We were both blown away by how delicious they  were.  We both agreed it was the best meatball we have ever had.  We had the calamari which was amazing; started sweet and finished spicy.   Finally we shared the pasta seafood special with lobster, jumbo shrimp and clams.  Everything in the dish was absolutely supurb.  The pasta was al dente, love it.  The seafood was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  The cold water Australian tail was the tastiest i can remember and the jumbo shrimp from Thailand were succulent. Things that made this a wonderful and memorable dining experience:  The greeting on arrival from the host at the door and the fond farewell and invite back from the bartender when we left.  The music.  The table set-ups.  I love that the menus were already on the table.  This little touch is something I wanted to implement at restaurants I have worked at; it just makes sense.  The pictures of the evenings food features on an I-pad.  Ingenious.  Our waiter was one of the best I have seen but being shown a picture of the food took it to another level.  The food!!! The quality of the food.  We were told by the server that Steve Martorano purchases the finest olive oils and cooking wines from Italy.  The flavor, the presentation...... We were still talking about it as we climbed into bed.    The little details.  The cleanliness of the dining room. All of the tables were set uniformly.  All of the chair backs lined-up.  All of the table linens were laid correctly.  The music volume and speaker placement was correct.  The team work in the dining room was refreshing.The knowledge and confidence of our server.  He shared some great stories about the beginning of Martorano's.  His delivery was captivating.  When he checked back with us to see how was the food was very cool,"are you having a good time? Is everything delicious?".  He eloquently removed the shell from the lobster tail and the shrimp.  This guy was the real deal.We are locals to Vegas and cannot wait to return.  I understand they are opening a second location here in Vegas at The Paris Hotel.  Can't wait.
5	Food was absolutely amazing! And our waiter, Matthew, was the best ever! Definitely coming back :)
5	Truly in my opinion the finest most flavor packed Italian food I have tasted in Vegas.Simple ingredients, but so well balanced and perfectly cooked. Nice elegant place.I tried the veal lemon piccata and it was simply amazing . I tried their signature meatballs with fresh ricotta cheese.... And they were simply "WOW" so authentic and packed with flavor... My mouth waters for them even now. Their spaghetti had a wonderful marinara with great toasted garlic and chili, it was top notch on every level .Staff was great and attentive. I spent years mocking the owner because he looks like a juiced up guido from the jersey shore, and I thought what does he know about food? My wife dragged me to his restaurant because she wanted to try something different in Vegas . I was truly humbled  and I stand corrected . This owner knows Italian food intimately and passionately. I respect the man and can't wait to go back on my yearly Vegas trip. You will not be disappointed with this food
4	WOW!! What a hidden gem in Vegas! We went to the Rio to go see a show, and decided to grab a bite before.We foolishly did not make reservations (I suggest that you do!) but the hostess offered us a cozy spot at the bar. Which we took.Had a meatball appetizer, which was recommended by another patron. YES! SO delicious!! I would go back just for that! Then had the specials. One scallop dis and my partner had a sea bass dish. Both were full of flavor, tasted super fresh, and over all great dishes!I would go back in a second!p.s.- Locals with a T.Rewards card and NV ID get 25% off! If you are seeing a show, you get 20% with ticket stubs! What a deal for an amazing dinner!
4	Who knew that an Italian restaurant would have some AMAZING seafood?!?! First off, the restaurant is billed as a nightclub/restaurant however don't let that fool you for dinner; mind you, we got there about 7pm for dinner so we may have missed the nightclub crowd. Sadly, we didn't have reservations & they were booked until 9:30pm. Luckily for us they serve the full menu at the bar and there were a couple of available seats, so we took them! And after the food, I'm so glad we did!First up were their meatball for an appetizer, which you can order with or without a salad, we ordered without & that was one giant, meaty, tasty ball of meat!! For our entrees, my Partner ordered the scallops & they were probably some of the freshest, most buttery, large scallops we've ever had!! Perfectly moist and perfectly cooked! Just, DAMN good!I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass & let me tell you that was one perfectly amazing plate of food. Fresh, tasty, buttery, flavorful, meaty & perfectly cooked! The Bass was topped with 2 giant grilled shrimps that I believe were some of the best shrimp I've ever had!! The risotto on both of our plates were spot on!When you're there, disregard the disco lights floating around but while you're at the bar, ask for Nathan, he was the AWESOME Bartender/Server!
4	Ok, let's start with the important stuff:  Martorano's food is outstanding.  I am from South Philly (as is the owner) and I have to say that his "gravy" and meatballs were excellent.  The service was very attentive and, since I was the only one in my party, the waiter was very kind and patient - willing to answer any questions. I started with an appetizer of Italian Meatball and Salad.  I wanted to try both - and if I did it separately, it would have required me to get a second mortgage:  $18 for the salad / $15 for the one meatball (about 1/2 pound).  Both, together, was something like $20.  And both did not disappoint - the meatball was excellent and salad fresh and very well prepared.  (I'll discuss price later.).  Next, I had the Rigatoni "Sunday Pork".  This was so good, it brought back memories of the Sunday dinner's where the pork was cooked in with the sauce ($29),  I was too full for dessert.Now, there are two issues to be aware of:  Pricing and Ambience.  With the price, come on Chef, one meatball for $15??  Anyone from South Philly believes they have the best meatball, including me, and I readily admit yours is excellent.  But, $15??  It was a good idea to pair it with your salad, but, still, an app for $20 is pretty hefty.  The price for the Rigatoni was pretty steep as well.  I know this is Vegas, but I didn't think I would need to go back to the Wheel of Fortune slot to replenish my wallet.Here is the biggest issue I had (which almost got me to lower to 3 stars):  With regard to the ambiance, I would consider the restaurant area to be romantic - if not for the HDTV's.  There were 3 TV's side by side.  The middle played a video made by the Chef (OK, though a little narcissistic), but the other two were showing the movie Casino!!  UNEDITED!! With subtitles!!!  Which means that, in this dimly lit, romantic room, I'm being treated with videos of blood, brutality and vile language.  Not what I would have chosen.  Really, if you want to show a video, show Italian scenes or something.  Don't show movies - it's not Chucky Cheese!
5	Got to go to the VIP soft opening last night and it was everything I had hoped!! Also, took my kids but got in by 6:30, so noise wasn't a problem through dinner and they were happy to dance when the tunes started to crank. The food was really impressive--and I eat out at good places a lot!! Fresh, EVERYTHING cooked to perfection, nothing cold or even slightly overdone, and flavors were wonderful! Kids were in heaven! All the sauces were completely individual, no one note bases here, and presentations were creative without being weird. Also, wine by the glass selection was special and perfectly paired to the menu. Had a beautiful Brunello I hadn't seen since I was in Italy! Knocked it outta the park Cuz!!
4	We came here with a small group.  Our reservations were early since we were seeing a show at the hotel.  They were very patient with us as we had some guests arrive late, but still got us out in time to see our show.  The salads are big.  One ceasar was enough to feed 2+ people.  The entrees are also big enough to share, and the appetizers are easily a meal.  My hubby and I shared a pasta dish with pork.  It was excellent.We would definitely go back.
2	While eggplant stack was good, very Disappointed in quality of sea bass - tasted few days old.  Ambience was bad night club suck.  Bill came up $150 for two of us with only ordering a drink each which was a rip off.
5	Still the best! Came here after a few mediocre meals and was SOOO happy with my spaghetti and meatball dinner!
4	Family StyleThis was our convention group dinner. They closed the restaurant to accommodate over 200 of us. The restaurant is on the second floor of the masquerade tower at the Rio Hotel. It over looks the swimming pool. It has a nice long bar They had 3 TV in the main dining area, two of which was playing Godfather II, Sweet. Music playing and disco lights on. A really nice place to have dinner. Here's the rundown:The Best Meatball & Salad "Signature Martorano Meatball" I have to say, the meatballs are really good. It  was serve with ricotta which made it taste better. The salad it came with was just okay. Fried Calamari w/ Sweet & Spicy Chili Sauce   This dish was my favorite of the night. Nice size calamari. Perfectly fried. That sweet & spicy chili sauce was dynamite. So good. Thinly sliced Serrano chili rounded this dish nicelyFried Mozzarella Stack "Tomatoes, Prosciutto di Parma, Aged Balsamic Vinegar & Extra Virgin Olive Oil" This was another winner. A thick piece fried nicely and tasted great with the prosciutto and balsamic vinegar. Yum!!Rigatoni Pollo "Diced Chicken Cutlet, Hot & Sweet Peopers, San Marzano Tomatoes & Reggiano Parmesan Cheese" the rigorous was a bit too Al dente for me. The taste was good, just not pasta part for me. Chilean Seabass Scampi Style w/ White Wine, Garlic Butter, Peas & Cherry Tomatoes. The Seabass was just so buttery, melt in your mouth delicious. The white wine sauce complimented this dish Chicken Downtown "Chicken Cutlet, Ricotta Cheese, Spinach, Mushrooms, Vine Ripe Tomatoes & Fresh Mozzarella" a nice well rounded dish. Crunch from the chicken cutlet and a very flavorful sauce.Red Velvet Cake. The cake was very moist with a cream cheese frosting. A nice way to finish our meal. The service was excellent. Sparkling mineral water was refilled constantly. Plates cleared efficiently. Dishes explained as they are served. What an Italian feast!!Family Style!!
2	Unless you have money to burn on "just ok" food, skip this restaurant.  I ordered the chicken Marsala that came with no pasta.  I asked for a side of pasta and they brought a minuscule plate of spaghetti.  The chicken Marsala was $38.  The minuscule plate of spaghetti was $12!!!!  TWELVE dollars!  Enough said.
3	So here is the scoop!  Great food!  Great service & great deals for locals.  Downside... The TV's took away from the atmosphere of the place and it was soooo cold in the restaurant.   I would go back and if I could actually stop shivering and could hear my date over the TV ... this would have been 4 stars!  Orders are large so feel free to share!
5	I love the meatballs but hate the dining atmosphere here.  It's loud with music and movies etc.  Just a different vibe and not for me so I always order food to-go.Meatballs 5/5The meatballs are about as big as a tennis ball and the price is $16.00 for 1 meat ball.  The taste and quality are there but the price is a little steep. Locals with a valid I.D and players card do get a 25% discount : )
4	I have been to the RIO a zillion times. This was the first time i visited this place. It is tucked way back in the corner of the masquerade tower area. Kinda of odd location..i wouldn't be thrilled if it was my place. Anyways....My pops had the seafood pasta special was solid with nice big pieces of creatures from the deep..definetly not chincy or low grade. I had the chicken pasta was also good. The only thing is i had it to go so it wasnt totally as nice when you get it at the table but it was good. Its not cheap like anything in a hotel its a bit costly for what you get. The guy who owns the place looks like vin diesels dad lol...yo rocky!...hes just another character in a city full of them..he fits right in :)
5	My wife and I have stayed at Paris several times before and this was a new (opened October 18, 2014) restaurant.  We knew going in that it is a bit pricy $$$ but that's why you read reviews.  Our wait staff was great (Chris D).  He was very knowledgable about the food and how it was made.  Plenty of fresh bread to start and a nice wine list.  We ordered the Chicken siciliano (6 tenderloins) and penne ala vodka.  They serve it family style and split it for us.  WOW!!  If I could have sucked the sauce up with a straw I would have.  Worth the price for the quality of the food.  The music was not to loud but there was no DJ on so maybe that was when Slipknot fans come as mentioned in another review.  They also have unlimited tap water not in plastic bottles.  Some of the negative reviews may have been when they first opened but it is running great when we visited.
4	Martorano's is a unique Italian restaurant. The 4 star is based on "No Ravioli", which was the most incredible Italian dish I have ever had!We were there a couple of months ago, and looked forward to it again.I can be noisy, but is clean and a great Restaurant. We too love the "eggplant stack". I had the lasagna trying to get close to the Ravioli's, and it too was amazing.
4	Martorano's is a unique Italian restaurant. The 4 star is based on "No Ravioli", which was the most incredible Italian dish I have ever had!We were there a couple of months ago, and looked forward to it again.It can be noisy, but it is clean and a great Restaurant. We too love the "eggplant stack", that someone else recommended. I had the lasagna trying to get close to the Ravioli's, and it too was amazing.Please put the Ravioli on the permanent menu.
1	Got there at 9:50 pm last night and they said the kitchen was closed. I told them that I was a tired and hungry traveler and that their posted hours are until 10 pm. They said their last customer came in an hour ago so the kitchen closed early. Is it that hard to stay open 5 hours per night? This same thing happened last time I tried to eat here but they had closed down even earlier. There won't be a third try. I feel sorry for the chef - his staff couldn't care less about his business or his customers and their indifference is hurting his bottom line whether he knows it or not.
