4	I was really happy to see there was a new sushi restaurant in my neighbourhood and even happier to find out that the food is good and the prices are reasonable. Yes! Friendly service, a good variety of specialty and classic rolls, nice presentation, and I have to say - they did a nice job of the branding, too. My bf and I tried the green salad, two of the numaki rolls (which are wrapped in rice paper), two types of sashimi and two of the classic rolls. We didn't love the numaki rolls (lobster and grilled chicken), so we'll skip those next time. But the green salad was a nice serving size and I really liked the light vinaigrette. My bf enjoyed the sashimi, and the two classic rolls I ordered (spicy salmon and shrimp tempura) were delicious! I'll definitely be back!
3	Sushi Yu Mi offers a good selection of sushi at reasonable prices. I went and made an order to go last night and have dined in a few times in the past. They are located in the basement and are easy to miss, so if you plan to visit them, take the address! The restaurant is quite small, maybe 7 or 8 tables, and in the summer, 4 or so tables are placed outside. Its decor is very casual which I like, my only issue with them is that when I have been there to dine in, they play music fairly loud, making conversation out of the question but not enough of a problem to deter me from returning.I really like their selection of starters from salads to soups and even an Asian influenced panini. What I didn't like was their Ten Ten Tuna Tartare, for me, it really missed the mark. It's served with soggy sweet potato chips and really had an unpleasant texture. Next time, I will gladly order my current favourite, the Kizuna Salad.The numaki are really good as well, and are especially nice if you are on a low-carb kick as they do not contain sushi rice and tend to have a good measure of vegetables. My personal favourite is the vegetarian.The maki menu is nice too, I don't like crab stick so I can appreciate that they do have a crab meat option with the Vancouver roll. I also really enjoy some of their more adventurous flavor combos, like the Tuna Gaza (asparagus, tuna, avocado) and the Warm Shrimp, Tuna and Mango makis.Sushi Yu Mi also offers a tasting menu for under 20$, which is what I plan to order on my next visit!
4	For starters, I've never actually eaten IN the restaurant- have only ever taken out so I can't really comment on the atmosphere... however, the sushi that I have brought home or to work has been stellar. Super fresh, you know it's made with care and precision (as it took some tiime while they prepare awesome rolls for you- for 2 people $45 it took around 20 minutes and I was the only customer in there).. That said, when I got home my husband and I were pleasantly surprised at how fresh, original and tasty the maki and sushi were. A definite must when you don't know what to eat for dinner & don't feel like cooking!!
4	Great tataki salad. great use of fruit and interesting textures in rolls. Amazing quality fish
4	I have been to Sushi Yu-Mi a few times now and recently discovered that they offer a delivery service as well. I decided a few weeks back, when the weather started getting colder and I had just come off a week of work overload, that it would be a perfect night to order-in some sushi, drink premium sake from the bottle and catch up on episodes of Homeland, all while resting snuggly in my bed (don't judge!). It has quickly become my favourite Friday night tradition.Their full menu is available for delivery and I found that ordering through Just-Eat.ca made it easier than calling up the restaurant and trying to figure out what to order. I could see the total, I could make last-minute changes and most importantly, I could pay via interact!Usually I am more of a sashimi person, and I do almost always order their sashimi platter ($10), but So far, I've ordered a variety of sushi rolls, from their numakis ($6); which do not have rice in them but are rolled in rice paper, to their specialty rolls ($7) with interesting combinations like their tuna and blueberry roll.I like that they mark each roll on the lid of the box of sushi, so you know which ones you are eating (let's face it, rolls can be confusing). The rolls are creative and fun, and reasonably priced at under $60 for two people including tax and tip. The delivery is fairly quick, with my meal arriving in under 30 minutes each time I have ordered.Just a note: Right now (December 2012) they are offering a deal on LivingSocial: "Amazing Sushi Experience for Two" at $29. According to the fine print, this deal is only good for dine-in or take-out and delivery is excluded.
4	I'm very particular when it comes to sushi restaurants, food wise, this place is a 3 star. But I truly really enjoyed dinner at this place, the atmosphere and decor, the ever smiling waitress, and the price point is unarguably attractive. So I'm giving it a 4.The small boutique-like restaurant is stunning. The simple colors and decors only highlighted the clean and elegance of the place. I was in love with it the first moment I stepped in there and secretly promised myself to decorate my future kitchen in a similar light. The waitress is all smiles and extremely nice! She greeted us and since we had a buytopia deal for Chef's choice, she explained what it included and more, gave us ample time to decide. For $20, we got a sizable tataki salad, lobster, shrimp and crab meat in a filo cup, 4 specialty maki rolls (4 pieces each), 1 avocado maki roll, 2 tea pots with individual choice of flavored tea, and a piece of cake. The tataki salad is a great appetite starter, the yu mi sauce was great, with enoki, seaweed, mango slices that complements the plentiful of seared hamachi, tuna and salmon as well as the regular salad elements. The lobster and crab salad is creamy and delicious, they are very generous on giving plenty of seafood meat and the filo is eatable and quite good with the seafood it holds. The maki that came with chef's choice includes the salmon extrava, soft shell crab maki, shrimp tuna and mango maki and the salmon asparagus maki. The maki are not bad, but nothing impressive, the fish meat is generally made in the crushed form and it's a little hard to distinguish each roll from the other, the taste is not distinct enough from each other to be noticeable. For the after-dinner tea, there are quite a few flavors to choose from, most are the basic tea accompanied by some exotic flavors of herbs, fruits or flowers. They are served in individual teapots. We also got a choice of cheesecake and keylime pie, we chose the chocolate cheesecake. I couldn't eat too much since I'm lactose intolerant but for the few bites I did get, it tasted pretty good.Overall, I think the dinner was very enjoyable and had a lovely experience here.
5	Pleasantly surprised with the quality and taste of every single thing I had, given the low prices and the small place. The nigiri salad, the shashimi plate, tar tar tuna were outstanding!!! This little place puts to shame some of those pricey high end sushi restaurants Montreal is flooded with.
4	Very good place to catch a quick bite! Quality sushi. Ordered a vegetarian tempura roll of the menu and it was amazing! The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Highly recommend.
4	I order from this place weekly. The Yu Mi Tasting menu is the perfect size and variety of rolls. Really creative rolls, fresh fish, and soft rice. What more could you ask for? It's a bit depressing to eat in the restaurant. Decor is weak and awkwardly quiet. Do takeout or delivery if you can. Maybe it just tastes better in front of the TV.
5	Just got a take away from them on a whim - and didn't regret! I did examine the menu in advance, but decided to listen to suggestions they had. The waitress was very helpful, tasting menu didn't catch my eye on the menu but was nicely explained over there - and it was really great. Just enough of a portion, tasty, nice presentation - and in my neighbourhood!It is a small place, so don't expect too much privacy, otherwise it is very pleasant minimalistic design and you could see what's up with cooking i am definitely coming back for more!
5	For a small shop I was expecting the same low quality food as Sushi Shop but I was surprised by the quality and creativity of each dish!Each appetizer that came out was great in taste, quality, and presentation. Still really shocked for a small restaurant that does mostly take-outs. Would recommend the sashimi platter app and the lobster, crab, shrimp salad app. It was fantastic! It did help that the hot sake was only 18$ for a whole bottle :)
5	It was my first time having sushi in Montreal and I must say, it was well worth the wait. Small quaint restaurant, excellent food with awesome prices. I did not expect the portion sizes considering the prices, and the store size. Also an located English-speaking neighbourhood so plenty of others to speak to. Waitresses friendly, chefs are pleasant. Highly recommended!!
