5	My friend was visiting me in Phoenix a couple weeks ago and we wanted to get off the beaten path and find something fun to do.  I'm a Jeep lover, don't know where to Jeep around here yet, and also didn't know much about the history of AZ so this tour seemed like the logical adventure. What sold me right away on this tour was while I was searching for a Jeep tour, we had called a couple other one's and weren't very thrilled with the response as it was right before Christmas.  When I called this place, they were friendly and accommodating from the second they answered the phone.  He asked what worked for our schedules and literally within two hours he was at our apartment and we were in his Jeep and off to the desert.  The tour was great.  We went up north and had a full day.  What we both liked was that our tour guide was super friendly, EXTREMELY informative, and very laid back and answered all of our questions.  There was literally nothing he didn't know about the history of the desert!  We learned about cacti, the wars, Jeeps, surviving in the desert, mining, and the list goes on.  It really felt like we were back in time on a real adventure!I don't want to give it all away but I highly recommend going on Arizona Territorial Adventures Jeep Tour if you have family/friends in town and want a fun few hours or if you just want to do something different and learn a little bit more about the area.  5-stars all the way around!!
5	Amazing tour! Not only was I able to get a call back on Christmas Day to schedule, I was able to go out on the Jeep tour the very next day. The Jeep tour was great, saw beautiful scenery,  but.... the best part was how knowledgable are guide was. I learned so much about Native American history, cactus, and Arizona.. I honestly think if I ever have these topics in Jeopardy,  I would win!  I highly recommend this tour, plus he dresses the part!
5	We walked into our hotel lobby and were immediately greeted by a guy in full 19th century garb complete with dual side arms and knife.  The remainder of the trip only got better.  The owner and guide Walker kept us aware of interesting sights as we drove to the off road trail head.  Enough facts and history but not over the top non stop rambling that can be the case with some tours.  He was friendly, knowledgable and easy to work with.  Recommended.
