4	An absolutely hilarious shop full of childish toys and gadgets that will serve as a welcome throw back to your school days.There's usually some joker prancing about with the latest nerf gun occasionally shooting hapless punters but it's all good natured fun and only heightens the playful aura of the shop.Plenty of fun stuff to be found here.
4	Hawkins Bazaar is brilliant.It's stuffed full of gadgets for kids that are educational, too! Or at least, I like to think they are. What I actually believe this shop does is entice adults in and encourage them to buy a number of gizmos geared towards children, so they can go home and "test the products" before giving them to their wee cousin/child.Absolutely nothing wrong with that, I say!They have loads of super cool gifts aimed at children (and adults to be fair), which include spud guns, elestic band firing devices that double up as pens, pocket money toys and Nerf supplies. They had some interesting "how to be good at everything" books and "paint your own teapot" sets which were really cute for wee girls (and me).They had an amazing paint ball gun in here including hundreds of pellets which I wanted to wreak havoc with, but I don't want to get arrested for vandalism since it'll make me unemployable! There are worse ways to get fined, though. Awesome shop, exciting for kids of all ages!
4	A bargain basement version of the slightly more exciting and grown-up Red 5 chain, Hawkin's Bazaar still does manage to rustle up a good selection of the kind of gizmos and gadgets that are moderately interesting for 5 minutes on Xmas day, before spendin the rest of their lives under the bed or in a cupboard.With prices ranging from pocket money to unnecessary splurge, there should be enough tat in hereto satisfy all tastes. I particularly liked the Emu puppets they had at the tail end of last year, which thankfully weren't too far up the pricing scale.Always worth a nosey.
3	What a very bizarre place indeed and it stocks all kinds of oddities for parties, presents and just laughs. To be honest, the price of some of the items, I'd rather entertain myself but I guess some of the stuff is quite innovative but you'd probably get bored of your purchase rather quickly and it would more than likely become more annoying than funny. If you like your novelty items, then you will love this place and it's an ideal stop for gifts for people who are into such stuff.Perhaps I'm just an old bore but I'm sure this shop would have been way more appealing if I was a youngster.
