5	808 car audio evolution has by far the best prices in town for your car security needs. Court was very helpful and knowledgeable on the alarms that he showed me.  Because of the benefits, I decided to go with the alarm with the remote start feature! Court finished my car in the time that he told me! I was really impressed with the service that he and his employee Jon gave.  I would highly recommend 808 car audio evolution to my family, friends, and  fellow yelp users for the best prices, best service, and quality work.
5	808 Car Audio Evolution is an outstanding place to take your vehicle for your audio & security needs. I pretty much had a whole package ( in-dash,amp,subwoofer, alarm w/remote start) installed at an AMAZING price. Courtney was the ultimate professional as well as his staff and I would recommend 808 Car Audio Evolution to anyone in need.
5	Wow!!! dont go to anybody in Vegas but Courteney, I'm serious he's the real deal. best price in town without a doubt and has a very flexible schedule. I will definitely go to them for any car audio needs of mine! Wish i can give it a 6th star but you get my point. great customer service!
5	I found out about 808 Car Audio Evolution via Yelp. Courteney was very professional, knowledgeable, and efficient. I recently traded my vehicle in. He removed the auto start, Sirius radio and amp/woofer in like 30-45 min. I really thought I was going to be there way longer than that. I came back 2 hours later with my new because I had a question. He was on his way to lunch. He immediately stopped what he was doing to assist me...had me in and out in 5 mins. DON'T TRUST YOUR CAR TO ANYONE ELSE! I'm going back in a couple weeks to get auto start install and tint.
5	Ordered myself an alarm system with a remote starter and first thing I did was call Courteney. I asked him for a quick quote and he was very helpful in giving me an accurate quote. He also communicated with me via text message and responded very fast and efficiently to my inquires. He is also very flexible with setting an appointment. Prior to arriving at his shop, Court had given me an estimated time of 2 hours to install my new alarm system. When I had got there, he offered me water and turned up the AC while I waited for him to install the system. It was finished in the exact time he had promised to install it by. After the installation, he taught me how to use the new alarm system and how to remote start my car. Court is a very knowledgable and professional car technician. I highly recommend him for any of your car needs. Thank you again Court!
5	Place is legit. They totally refitted my 2013 Jeep Wrangler with new amps, speakers and a sub. Now I love Rollin' in the jeep even more. Good pricing and clean install. I would highly recommend.
5	checked out audio express and performance audio, both quotes were out of my price range and it seemed that they charge by the hour and there were some fees that i was not fond of. not willing to pay someone while they are on lunch break. did some research and glad that i was able to discover Courtney at 808 Car Audio Evolution. Price was definitely what I was looking for, very professional, and courteous. don't even waste time searching anywhere else, if you need an install, he is all you need.
5	Had a great experience with 808! I had a new deck, satellite tuner and steering wheel adapter that I needed to get put in before a road trip.  They got me in same day, completed the job quickly and professionally, and the cost was less than half of a similar install I had done on another vehicle at Audio Express last year. Highly recommend and will be back when it's time to upgrade my speakers!
5	Ordered me my indash and rear view camera and called around for prices and 808 car audio evolution beat the price from other shops by 150$.. Courteney was very helpful and he also finished quickly. !!! I will go to him everytime i need something done to my car!! I also set up a appointment with him so he can do more things because i called around and he still was the cheapest price! TRY TO CALL AROUND AND SEE IF ANYONE CAN BEAT HIS PRICES!!!!!! THANKS COURTENEY!!!!
5	I was in Vegas for a short time on vacation with my family. I was getting ready for starting a pretty big build which consisted of atleast 100' of OFC 1/0. I originally went to 702 motoring nearby and they charged me 20$ for 1' of kicker OFC. i almost fainted when i heard the price. I called a friend and he referred me to here. Being i am from Hawaii i was looking forward to checking out there shop. Searched them up online and found there phone number here on YELP and gave them a call. Customer Service - 10/10Court answered the phone and it was actually out of business hours, he was closed and he was still happy to help me find what i needed for my buildKnowledge: 10/10He knew his sh*t very knowledgable and referred me to what was best for my use. Overall Experience 10/10I was leaving to head back home that night and he gave me his cell phone number and contacted me about pricing for the wire and that he could ship it out to me if needed and that he was only a phone call away if i need anything else. I recommend this shop 100%
