5	Great service with a smile and donuts as good as I remember them from my childhood. Bosa has been in AZ since the 70's This brand new location is a welcomed  addition to Ahwatukee. They have seating inside and out. Inside there is a big screen TV to catch your local news with a cup of Jo and a donut for $2.99. Make sure and support this local business!
5	Delicious! Loved the option of ordering a Thai Tea with my donut. Friendly staff too. I will definitely be returning.
5	I've said it before and will say it again: BoSa is like crack in a box...you just can't get enough!This store is nice, but much smaller in comparison to the location on Baseline and Mill here in Tempe. This one happens to be located in a small strip mall next door to the Jack In The Box on Ray Road, just down the street from the I-10 Freeway. This place is definitely hopping, as I witnessed this myself the day I went in. I got what I needed within 5 minutes' time, and the girl at the register recognized me from the Southern and McClintock location. Very friendly and hardworking people run these donut shops and they always have a smile on their faces, even in times when it's crazy packed with people! Their donuts are always fresh and delicious as well.Also, this store offers free Wi-Fi, so feel free to have coffee and a donut, and play on your smartphone while visiting the shop.
5	Boss has my favorite donuts in Phoenix! They are always really friendly, have excellent, fresh donuts and coffee, and at the same or better prices than their competition. If you haven't been, go now!!!
4	The donuts are the bomb, but the staff isn't the happiest bunch of peeps, but their kind. Nice place though
1	Donuts are good.....but beware of staff.  I went in twice & asked for a "plain" donut & both times I got home to find "berries" inside of my "plain" donuts!!  Love to get home & not have what you ordered, especially when I asked THREE times.  I decided to go back to get the "right" donuts & was greeted by the same employee that just looked at me with confusion in her eyes....might not understand the language, but replaced the donuts & pushed a trash can over to me to throw the other donuts away with HER BARE FEET!! Yes, she had no shoes on behind the counter.  Is that not some sort of a health issue.  Nonetheless, I will never return.  The search continues for the perfect donut!
5	I may never go to Dunkin Donuts again!First of all, the donuts here just in terms of softness and freshness are head and shoulders above most other donut shops. The donuts practically melt in your mouth without having to chew...I would feed these to babies and denture-less octogenarians.The flavors are also stellar. Typically I go with maple or chocolate frosted donuts, and they do both those flavors very well here. However, my new favorite that I never saw coming was the strawberry frosted. Although I am sure they use artificial flavoring, it has more of a genuine strawberry taste to it than I have ever experienced. Just stellar.Their hours are also pretty unique too, as far as donut and coffee shops go. While they open as early as expected, they stay open until late...like, 9pm or 10pm late which is cool if you are a night owl and get a donut craving.The best part is that they run a bit cheaper than chain donut stores. I was able to get a dozen donuts plus an extra one on the side for $10 bucks and some change, which is a good deal. When you're supporting a local business on top of all this, I don't know how you can resist.** They do add an extra few cents for credit card purchases under $5, but that seems to be a more and more common occurence among small businesses due to fees from banks. But something to keep in mind, if you are just going for coffee and a donut you may want to have cash on hand.
5	Competes with Krispy creme, the blueberry cake donut was deeelicious. The dozen donut wholes was surprisingly priced reasonable, and the old fashioned dipped in chocolate, of course, was very tasty
5	So delish! Every doughnut I have had has been absolutely amazing! My favorite is the chocolate glaze or the cinnamon cake
5	What can I say that hasn't been said in all the wonderful review before me.    Best donut place in town hands down.   Please try one of their wonderful creations, you will not be disappointed.
5	I absolutely love this place.  Bosa always has the freshest, largest pastries.  These are not donuts made at a factory and then shipped to individual locations.  My favorite type of donuts are jelly filled.  Bosa always guarantees there will be actual jelly in the donut.  It's not like Dunkins or Krispy Kremes where all the jelly is in one little blob at the very back of the donut.  These have a good jelly to donut ratio.  Really, every flavor I've ever tried here is good.  Their glaze is melt in your mouth amazing.  And they even have options if you prefer savory options.  Sometimes my hubby and I will go here before the grocery store for breakfast and just grab a ham, cheddar, and jalapeno filled croissant.The staff is always pleasant and will do their best to accommodate special requests (like my husband asking that his croissant be warmed up).  Definitely stop in when you get a chance!
5	Dare I say it... Better than Krispy Kreme! They have the fluffiest and freshest pastries. I'm so happy they've opened a Bosa in Ahwatukee.
2	I'm so confused by all the rave reviews. I was craving a donut and I'd kept hearing about Bosa, so I made a run. Tried the chocolate raised donut and a glazed donut hole. I'm beyond disappointed...I've had better donuts at the gas station! Besides being mediocre at best, they left an awful aftertaste that wont go away! Bummer.
5	Love this place! Fully stocked fresh donuts every time you visit and friendlier service than the comp. Theresa's not much more to report than the cinnamon rolls are better than ever! Lots of cinnamon and plenty big enough to share.
5	Bosa Donuts are amazing. Don't waste your time with anyone else, buy a dozen and your office will love you.
5	Delicious mango boba smoothie and the donuts were so moist. I bought the toasted coconut and the pink sprinkle. Quick and nice service.
3	I had heard a lot about Bosa. Now was the time to try the donuts.. and this is my review. Two donuts and a coffee for $4, not bad.Coffee: Decent coffee, a mild american style roast. I have had worse.Boston creme donut: Pretty good amount of filling, and the filling was tasty.Frosted donut: Boring and fluffy. I have had gas station donuts that had more personality. I am not a huge donut fan - but I appreciate a great donut. This was not it. I agree with the minority on here that feels that there is no backing about the hype in regards to Bosa. I probably will not be back, as the hunt for the ultimate donut continues.
5	Best donuts in the world.  I have not traveled the world but I'm pretty sure I'm right.  Plus they DO have free wifi so why go to another place for mediocre donuts.  If I'm gonna eat those kinds of calories I want each one to be delicious.
5	Donuts are soooo good. Service is great and you can get in an out quickly despite lots of customers. They always have a large variety of fresh donuts which makws it sooo hard to pick!
5	Favorite donut joint in the Valley. If you're going to treat yourself to donuts, hit up this place. They go great with coffee and if you are feeling generous, your coworkers will love you for the day as well. Over indulgence and unavoidable sugar crash to follow, but once the sensation passes you'll go back for seconds.
5	They are so pleasant here. The donuts here seem better than my regular location and they make them multuple times through the day. I love the guy and girl who work here they are so friendly with beautiful smiles and a laugh. My mother in law had me get a half dozen to take with on a flight to chicago. Go early or u might miss out on the tasty apple fritter or perfect buttermilk!
5	This place has amazing donuts. And the owner is very kind. Besides being the only place we've found that makes coconut donuts the owner has told us if the sign is lit to come in even if it is past business hours and we can get donuts. Talk about awesome! This place never fails to cure even the worst sweet craving and their donuts are soft and warm. The owner has even made a coconut donut on the spot when they were out. This place has great donuts and the owner goes above and beyond to keep customers happy. Thank you for the amazing donuts and outstanding service.
5	A donut shop that opens at 5 am and closes at 10 pm daily when most donut shops in my old area stayed open until 2 pm at the latest. Nice staff, good blended coffees and glorious donuts that taste fresh. Definitely will be coming back here!
