5	best crossfit box in montreal coached by michele letendre!!!
5	Nice place, nice box, nice people. An highly recomended place to learn and practice Cross Fit. Thanks guys !!!
4	I love this PlaceI Love the people that works there.I've discover cross fit over there, kept me going for a few years.
5	Amazing place to train.. all instructors are very professional and know what they are doing.. Classes are not very expensive.. and its right next to Rosemont metro (about 5 min walk).. Get ready to sweat..
5	I trained here twice with my wife while on vacation in Quebec. I have been doing CrossFit for 6 years and have been a member of four different CrossFit gyms, and dropped in at more than I can count. That being said, this is definitely one of my favorites to date.Upone walking in it feels like an oldschool CrossFIt gym in a good way. It has a warehouse/industrial feel, but at the same time is well equipped and organized. They even have locker rooms and an espresso/smoothie bar. The programming was great, simple and effective without trying to hard. Both days was a higher skill strength piece followed by a metcon and mobility. Most importantly, the coaching was FANTASTIC. Our coach for both classes was Emma . A breakdown of the coaching and class flow:-Emma was friendly, warm, and welcoming- this is incredibly important not just for travelers like us, but for newer athletes to the gym. -She briefed the entire class verbally at the beginning, then before each segment did a more detailed brief touching on key points of performance including a demo of each movement. She was so thorough that despite the fact I couldn't even understand what she was saying (I don't speak French), I had no trouble following along (she had offered before class to repeat everything in English but I told her we had read the workout on-line and were familiar with the movements). -The class was fast paced without feeling rushed. We were given clear time hacks throughout the strength portion. -Emma was attentive in each class and worked to ensure each athlete received coaching. I was given feedback on areas I could improve, or if everything looked good was told so. Great gym!
