5	Super nachos!  enough said.
4	Quite happy with this find. Have driven past the location many times but finally decided to stop and give it a try a couple weeks ago. With a number of visits now I have some favorites but haven't worked my way through the menu. The Mexican breakfast burrito is quite good and very filling. A large breakfast burrito with chorizo, potatoes, etc. The regular burritos that I've tried so far have not let me down. Again quite large & filling. I tried one of the plate meals for take out.  It was good but better eaten there. I also tried the nachos on another visit. The regular nachos at $3.49 was a lot of food and heavy on the toppings rather than the chips. Guacamole was generic and not homemade, but everything else was good. Staff are very friendly and I was already a recognized "regular" on my second visit.  I suppose you might compare this to a Frederico's, but my sense is that they are trying to be their own family place, and not a copycat of anyone else. From my perspective this is a small treasure that the NW valley, and especially Peoria, is fortunate to have.
5	Awesome food!!  I feed a family of five for under $25!!  Highly recommend.....
4	I recently had their breakfast burrito and was it really good.  Egg, ham, cheese, pico de gallo.  The thing was a monster.  It was filling enough for me to still be full at lunch time.  Combine the breakfast burrito with their red sauce and you have one heck of a meal.  Definitely worth going back again.
1	After trying this place for the first time last year when I was in Phoenix and having a wonderful experience, I went back there today and was absolutely disgusted.  As we approached the front door a friend said he thought it looked closed, but it turned out it was open there just weren't any people inside.  The place smelled like a sewage plant on the inside, and we immediately turned around and went elsewhere for food.  Luckily my friend said a new Ramiros opened near his house, because I will definitely never go back to this location again.
5	Our favorite breakfast burrito spot! Always fresh and delish! Awesome tortillas and the red and green sauce has lots of flavor- not watery like so many of the other joints. Breakfast burritos from Ramiros are our weekend tradition.
4	I have been eating at Filibertos for years, but this place beats the Filis on Union Hills in quality, price, and service. It's my new goto burrito shop in the NW valley.
4	This is my initial review based on lonely one visit.  I first passed this local on Saturday, hoping to get a breakfast burrito.  Seeing boarded up windows I assumed they were now closed.  As I found out on Sunday, I had mistaken the boarded windows for the wrong business.  Ramiro Mexican Restaurant is definitely not closed.  This is good news for me as I love Mexican food and I love it even more when it is only 400 meters from my home.I dropped in on Sunday and had a classic Mexican breakfast Burrito (eggs, potatoes, chorizo and cheese).  it was very good, hot, fresh and was served by a very friendly cashier.  it was so big, I would consider asking them to cut back on the potatoes next time.  A big plus for me was that there was a salsa bar.  It had two red sauces, a green chile sauce, limes, cucumbers and pickled carrots, garlic, onions and jalapenos.  This was a nice touch to spice up the burrito.  The green Chile salsa was good, the smoky red one (chipotle?) was so so.  The pickled veggies were very good.The site is clean with plenty of parking and a drive through. I will be back to see if they are more than a one hit wonder.Update 4/20 - had a wonderful green Chile carnitas burrito - fantastic, earning an upgraded review. Also, much better horchata than my first visit. I am a very happy neighbor!!!
5	Awesome grilled chicken burrito, large size with lots of filling and not a lot of tortilla...
5	When I'm in the mood for good Mexican food I usually go to Ramiro's.  It's very much like a Filibertos but, somehow better.  I like the fact they will make just about anything I want, like a beef fajita burrito (when I go to this other place they want to charge me extra to do this).  The staff is friendly and helpful.  I usually get it to go because it's not a very big place and it's usually a little warm inside.  Also, there are times the tables need attention.This place is way better than fast food (taco bell) and just as fast in the food prep.  Not the greatest place but, reasonable, quick, and the food tastes good.
5	I have tried various things on the menu--and might I be the first to say get the quesidilla filled with carne asada and be prepared to eat something super delicious, huge and super filling--and I love everything here!  This is my go-to place for Mexican in this area.  Ramiro's is better to me than almost anywhere I've eaten which includes the old line Mexican places here in Phoenix that people brag about.Prices are cheap, the people taking your orders are always happy and super nice and the food...ahhhhhh, the food...is delicious!When I want to break my diet and go hog wild this Ramiros is my favorite place..oink!
5	We stop by Ramiro's once a week. The Shrimp burrito and fish tacos are amazing.
5	Excellent Mexican food. Very friendly too!  Tuesdays 99 cent tacos rolled or folded, beef or chicken. It's a steal!
5	This is not your typical drive through low quality place. I've had the nachos, enchiladas, tacos, among other things and all have been delicious! The ladies that work the counter are wonderfully friendly.
5	Been here a couple times now, both in the drive thru.  Quick and friendly service just like a drive thru should be.   This is not your Filiberto's, Eriberto's, or whatever chain and certainly not a Taco Bell!  No offense to those places but this is much better in my opinion!  I've had their tacos and just recently the chicken fajita combo...YUM!  Love the rice too!
1	I had been looking forward to coming here since I moved from New Mexico.  I saw all the reviews & I just KNEW it would be like I was back home. I ordered the green chile chicken burrito enchilada style & guacamole & my husband ordered the eggs & chorizo plate.  The sauce was so vinegary tasting & was loaded with cilantro, very bitter, so I was just eating the meat out of the burrito which was VERY tasty! At this point I was pretty bummed since I could tell this wasn't green chile that was used at all, halfway through I'm cutting into the tortilla to get the chicken out & I found a hair inside of it. They were very sweet & refunded my money as well as offered to make me something else but at that point I had lost my appetite. I know things like this happen but it still doesn't make it any less icky for me. My husband loved his meal so he will probably be back, but I can't say that I will.Update 4/11/14 So the refund that the girl behind the counter was supposed to do was never done & it's been almost a month. Yeah, I'm def not going to be visiting this establishment again.
5	Fast service, very nice girl, good food. My new place to go for a Mexican fix. I only get the chimichanga, so I can only vouch for that, but its great. Much better than Caminero's that's down the road (I ate there thrice and got diarrhea all three times, and that NEVER happens to me).
5	I went there around lunch time and there were only a couple other customers which was nice. I ordered a machaca and egg burrito and they didn't have any problem making it for lunch which was great. My wife ordered the carne asada quesidilla. The food came out very quickly and we just had time to make our to go salsa cups from the salsa bar. My burrito was very tasty with a lot of meat and egg. I really liked the pico de gallo style with it. My wife really liked her quesidilla, she really liked the tortilla it was wrapped in. The reason we stopped by was because whenever we passed by on our way home the drive-thru was always busy even on Easter morning. We will be back to try different stuff, so far really good.
4	Chorizo burrito was great  especially with potatoes in it but Hunny said bacon one was just okay. I love green salsa and theirs is very good. Price is good for the size of burrito as they are somewhat large and are very filling. Bonus is they are wrapped tight and right-you can eat them in the car as you head out to ride ATVs or go to lake on the weekend or  ... speed to work weekdays. ;)
5	Best bean and cheese burritos ever!!!! And the red salsa is yummy. Plus the customer service rocks!!!
5	Seriously, hands down the BEST breakfast burritos and green sauce around. I consider myself a burrito and green sauce connoisseur and have had many all over the valley. Ramiros is priced well and delicious. They even make delicious chimichangas.
5	Generous portions, simple menu, perfect for a quick meal.  Small, intimate setting so don't plan on a group meal.  The service was friendly but the front counter lady was a bit over tasked (between the take out window, the front counter and the phone) so she was a bit disorganized.  This did not stop me from enjoying my food or my experience.
5	Food is excellent, especially the carne asada fries! We frequent this restaurant at least once a week...we are never disappointed. The staff is always friendly and courteous.
1	Have been coming here for years with coworkers, asked for a cup for water with my meal & they said I have to pay for it!  We ordered 3 meals and you can't give us a cup for water??Well we will never be back here again. Your 50 cent charge just cost you hundreds of dollars.
