5	OK. This is it people. This is why we are here. Right? This is the time of year we phone relatives back home, donned in flip flops, board shorts and Ray Bans. We say things like, "Ohhhh, I forgot it's 32 degrees, snowing, sleeting and you have dark dismal clouds looming overhead." "I'm by the pool flipping burgers in my new swim suit I got at Marshall's" (ok, I wouldn't reveal that, I would say Saks 5th Ave., but work with me people!). Even though we're still "struggling" with these unseasonal temps (a la upper 80s's), our relatives, friends and family we left behind are snuckering down (did I say snuckering?) in their moon boots and parkas. Us? We? We're still chillin' in our favorite T's, shorts and sandals. The point for this review? Hmmmm. to review us. To review the weather. And the jab at the rest of the good ole US of A. I know Phoenix is waiting for a heartbeat. I know there are newbies who don't get us yet. And that's ok.  I feel the energy of the desert. I feel the energy of a new city emerging from the ashes. I feel the uncomfortableness from this nasty ass IKEA chair on my butt. While I know it's time to sign off and find comfort elsewhere, I just had to say....I LOVE Phoenix and if you don't, go somewhere else, drop the negativity and find your mojo within yourself!
5	Dear Friends Freezing in Boston, I hear its snowing and the wind chill is 26 today...wow, that sucks.  I'm sitting outside enjoying lunch wearing a dress and flip flops.  Oh, and its only November?  Have fun with that snow.  Love,Having Fun in the Sun in Phoenix.12.13.07Dear Snowing in Somerville,Wow, it snowed like 3 inches in an hour?  Total white out conditions?  It took you 6 hours to get home from work today?!  Thats just insane.Wait, whats that?  There is another storm coming this weekend?!  Holy cow, I hope you stocked up on food at the grocery store and finished all your Christmas shopping.Love,Blue Skies in Arizona2.22Dear Blizzard in Brookline,How predictable you are my friend.  You always show up for my birthday, every year without fail.  Although this year I don't think you got the memo....I'm not in Brookline anymore.  I've left for Arizona and to be honest, I don't think you'd be able to hack it here.Its been a nice run Mr. Blizzard.  But now the only BLizzards I have are from DQ.Love,Blizzard Free Birthday Girl
5	Te amo invierno en Phoenix.J'aime l'hiver  Phoenix.Ich liebe Winter in Phoenix.The winter makes me enamored so, so much so that I want to proclaim I love winter in Phoenix in romance languages.Let's face it.  We all love this time of year as the 70 degree days makes us the envy of the nation for a few months.  Here are some additional reasons to love Winter in Phoenix beyond the obvious great weather.* Outdoor festivals galore* Luminarias at the Desert Botanical Garden* MLB Spring Training in March* PF Changs Rock n Roll Marathon* Endless hiking opportunities* FBR Open and the Bird's Nest* Hotties from Minnesota and Chicago who are snowbirding it (I'd hit it)And best of all...* The hibernation of Swamp-Ass until April.
5	Today I am writing from NY. Here is a Haiku to describe the situation:29 degreesJet Blue take me to AZIt's cold as balls here
5	I love the PHX in winter!I grew up in Buffalo NY, so no matter what time of year (yes, even summer!) I deserve to live here!I'm out walking my 'hood today, just back from Thanksgiving in the OC.  It's sunny, a bit breezy, and....*gasp*...no jacket!  In November!My parents finally came to Arizona in April to settle in Payson.  One thing they always remark on...the sunsets in AZ!I've lived everywhere around the world, and I've decided Phoenix is where I'm stayin'!
1	I will apologize now, just to get it out of the way  :) Winter in Phoenix is not winter, oh the calendar says December, but in reality it's barely Fall. I know, it's a desert, but people really need to relax if it's cloudy and rainy for more than 2 hours. I swear If I hear " I hate the clouds and rain" one more time I'll snap  "Boston Style" Seriously it's sunny here 320 days a year, and over 100 at least 30 - 40 days a year. Another 75 days are spent hovering between 90 - 99, and the rest, is like a decent summer day in Boston. So get over it, it's raining, and it's below 70, break out your wool sweaters, and UGG boots, quick!!  I welcome the variety, the change, the difference. I like weather that provokes you, and gives you feelings, and emotions, that sets a time table for understanding the world around you. 4 seasons inspires, the change is welcome, the colors, the scent, the food, the clothing, the difference is great.  So embrace the change, it will be hot as $hit in no time, and sunny everyday, you can all put your flip flops back on, and cargo shorts very soon, don't worry it will be OK. Oh and be sure to drive 25 MPH when it's raining, because modern day tires don't work well on wet surfaces, and wiper blades in AZ, don't work the same as they do in the North East. I know all you complainers are not from Arizona, so you have no excuse for not knowing how to drive in the rain..../end rant, goes back to planning my move back to Boston LOL! :)
4	I'll use the word "winter" loosely, for, you see, winter isn't winter to me without some sort of white falling flakes from the sky. Nor is it winter without some sort of annoyance, like scrapping frost off your windshield or slipping on the occasional ice patch. Now, don't get me wrong, I don't miss bruised tail bones or shivering to my bones while I wait for my car to heat up. I do, however, miss the change - the crispness in the air, the stark white backdrop to a new day, the trees bending under the weight of Mother Nature. I miss the cycle: life, death, rebirth, celebration. Extract all that from my brain (my own frame of reference) and I'll agree: Phoenix is absolutely great between the months of December and April. May's not even that bad, but can you call May a "winter" month? That's where I become disgruntled. You see, December weather in Phoenix is like fall weather where I used to live. October weather in Phoenix is like spring. I can't seem to keep track of my days here. Months cease to matter. I don't like that very much. Add in the concept of "hot as ballz" during the summertime, and any months outside the range of absurdity are going to seem like pure bliss. But, c'mon, it's all relative. Sure, I may rate "winter" in Phoenix 4 stars, but that's only because it's the only time of the year I don't feel like I'm drowning in my own sweat. It's the only time of the year I can enjoy walking outside, exploring Central Phoenix and other pockets of interest. It's the only time I can expect to need (hopefully) an umbrella (minus the scary monsoon season) or thicker jacket. Maybe even a scarf and gloves! It's the only time I will get to see my own breath, lingering long enough in front of my nose to remind me that, let's face it, these cooler temps are only temporary. What awaits around the corner is the worst kind of pain. Oh, the torment. Oh, the antagonizing sun. Oh, the hell that'll never end. Summer, how I rue thee!
5	Ahhh, Phoenix winters. Just nice enough to justify buying entire lots of "light sweaters" and just cold enough to give me a cold every two weeks from wearing said sweaters.Winter, my weakened immune system and I commend you.
1	I'm freezing ... I'd much rather melt than freeze.  Brrrrrrr.
5	I love winter in Phoenix. The cold, the rain, the clouds -- I LOVE CLOUDY DAYS.I don't like what winter brings with it, though -- Uggs.Seriously, girls, you looking fucking ridiculous. It's 55 outside and you're wearing huge furry boots. If you tried that shit somewhere up north when it was 55 degrees, you'd get laughed out of town.I get it. You think they look cool and you're dying to wear them. But you know what? You live in Arizona. You don't get to wear huge, fuzzy boots. Get over it.
5	Seriously.Thiskicksass.I just talked to my sister, who informed me that in the Land of 10,000 Lakes, it is -30*.  But at the same time, I'm still wondering how I'll make it through summer.  We didn't get here until July this year.Eek.
5	They should rename Winter in Phoenix "Hoodie Time."  That's all it is: time to put on a hoodie and get on with your day.  Every year I get three months to forget exactly how miserable summer can be.  On the flipside, somewhere in the middle of July I forget how outstanding Hoodie Time is so, when it arrives, I spend two or three weeks with a big fat smile stuck on my face.Tomorrow's forecast hovers at a wonderful 56 degrees.  Hoodie Time's final gasp?
5	Winter in Phoneix rox! Nuff said!
4	I'm tired of the rain and cold.  In Phoenix.  I've got my electric blanket on and even my dog is sleeping on the bed to keep warm!  Why does it seem colder this year?  Why are my knuckles cracking?  Why do I need a hot bath every night to warm up before bedtime? Why?Why?Why?Still better than Buffalo, that's for sure!
5	12.31.08Dear Slush Puddles in the South End,I'm so sorry to hear you are getting 10 inches of snow on New Year's Eve.  I know how much of a pain it is to have an awesome outfit all planned out only to have to prepare it for the snow.  I know that getting a cab on a night like this can be an impossible feat.  May your closed toe shoes not get messed up, may your hair style stay in place in the snow and wind, may the bouncer at the bar/club not make you wait for long outside and may you not step in any slush puddles over a foot deep.  Chin up, NYE only means 4 more months of winter!Happy New Year!Love,Bare legs and open toes in Phoenix
5	umm nothing beats it. why else do snow birds flock here for the winter?
5	Born and raised here, got smart and leave for the summers.  I LOVE Phoenix in the winter!  Green grass, cool weather flowers, glorious sun, resort wear, swimming, cocktails by an outdoor fire vs snow boots, scraping the windshield of ice, wearing tons of clothes and sitting in front of a "sad" light.  Lets see, thats a tough one!   One nice cashmere sweater will fix this little bit of cold we are experiencing.
5	I'm loving this place!!! this is why people move here. a little rain, and not much more. the sun shines when the snow falls elsewhere. i can ride my bike in January...un-heard of on the east. i like that i get to wear a sweater, wigs and sometimes gloves-because i'm an accessories W----re. i now have the train at my beck and call...its making the city an even more beautiful place to be. i should stop complimenting this place or our population will triple again. YIKES. thankfully the sprawl has losts its glow and we are moving on up!!! the downtown sky rises and new housing is doing wonders for the city. i remember when the sunset=desolate baren city of phoenix, not anymore!!! gotta love this place, tried to leave so many times, but always end up right back here. maybe i'll stay....maybe.
3	Goodbye ..Winter 09  we barely knew thee!!   It's time for Spring , pack away your sweaters, get out your shorts!!
5	Don't go Winter. Please. Pretty please. I mean I know you have to go eventually. To make way for your evil twin. Summer. That bitch. I'm just asking if you can linger until July 4th. Then I'll be ready for three digit temps, scorching sun rays and melting steering wheels. I just want to party with your 70 degree self a wee bit longer. Thanks for listening Winter. You've been good to me so far...
5	Wait, what?  Winter is over?  I....didn't even know it had come.Winters in Michigan are spawned by the devil himself.  They are demonic devices used to torture people on the east side of the country, for whatever reason.  Why would such a thing as frozen car door handles even exist?  Who does that to people?  The devil, that's who.Where does 'Black Ice' come from?  That's not even a normal type of ice.  Only the devil can conjure up something like that.And what about freezing windshields?  Huh?  Who freezes the windshield...INSIDE OF THE FREAKIN' CAR?!?!?!  THE DEVIL, THAT'S WHO!!!!Seriously, the winters here make the blistering summers an afterthought.  This is as close to paradise as is possible on Earth.  I couldn't believe that I was able to give away my winter coat for good.  Hoodies as coats.  No need for Lugz boots.  Thermal underwear shouldn't even be sold here.
5	Distance makes the heart grow fonder, right?
3	Winter has the shortest days of the year.  The shortest days of the year here have some of the best weather.  So, this location in the country has some of its best days as its shortest days - how sad is that?  It's like finding your favorite pizza, but you can't have a full meal.Snowbirds ruin everything - restaurants, movie theatres, highways, shopping, parking, etc.  The old saying is a good one...  so many snowbirds, yet so little freezer space.  Go away snowbirds, go away.
5	Winter in Phoenix, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways. When I am sweating in 120 degree summer weather, I think longingly to the 7 months out of the year that are a delicious 75 degrees. I love the smell of winter in Phoenix, yes the smell. It smells like orange blossoms and this perfume scent surprises me with every twist and turn. While I hate how they drive (can we please have a driving lane designated for snow birds?), I love how they make the streets come alive and make the businesses, events and festivals come together for entertainment of every shape and size. I love that I can wear sundresses in December. I love how I can climb Camelback Mountain in the dead of winter wearing nothing but shorts and a light pullover. I love all the events that happen, including the Fiesta Bowl, WM Open, Barrett Jackson and Spring Training. I love waking up in the morning and opening up my doors to a fresh breeze and birds chirping. I love that I can host parties on my patio in December. I love that I can read a book on my patio in December. I don't live the cost of living in the winter, but I do love that because of the tourist population in the winter months, the resorts can offer steal of deals in the summer for their loyal locals. I don't care what your opinion of Phoenix is. This city has amazing weather the majority of the year, tourists flock here to visit and we have every type of terrain just a drive away. #liveandlovelocal
5	Having lived in many cold weather climates throughout my years I have come to a realization, I am not a fan of shoveling snow. Seriously, who wants to do that? You start at one end of your property and by the time you finish you have to start all over again! Yeah, shorts on Christmas is a nice bonus too. Seriously, Phoenix in the winter is the bees knees.
