4	Waaay better than Taco Bell. Roberto's is one of the best taco shops in town. Reasonably priced, fast, good portions, and consistently good food. My faves are the carne asada tacos, carne asada burrito, and carne asada fries...what can I say I like their carne asada. I also like their salsa bar which features salsa (love the green), cucumbers, radishes, limes, pickled carrots and jalapenos.
4	Robertos is always a great choice! Great mexican food, cooked in front of you and open 24 hours! I reccomend the carne asada fries.
1	Stop skimping on the damn meat!!!
5	I got no problems with this place.  Food is great, prices are fair, service is quick and friendly enough.Tried Carne Asada Nachos the other day instead of Carne Asada Fries my old stand by.  I actually like the nachos better, not as heavy but still loaded down with all the good stuff.  I also love the rolled tacos.
5	MMM MM This my **** this my **** ( to put it as graciously as Ms Gwen Stafani does)  Seriously though, this is my favorite Roberto's hands down.  I have been to about 3 other ones and one comes close, and the other two fall so short I don't even want to talk about them anymore, SO!  My friend and I frequent this particular Roberto's because 1. It is close and 2. It is DA BOMB.  I went on a chimichanga kick for about 3 entire months and to be honest, surprised I didn't turn into one; I couldn't stop eating them they were so freaking good!  Always crispy and hot; I make sure to order with no beans inside, that's just my preference and I have noticed that the innards of the chimi seem to be less watery, which is perfecto! My other passion is the rolled tacos, it's like being a kid in the candy store and eating all your favorites!  Well, for me it is, I just love that guac and cheese they put on top and the crunchiness, it's just, well- simply FANTABOLOUS! I could sit here and rant and rave about the food all day, but alas, stop reading and go eat!
4	I might a bit of a snob when it comes to tacos being from southern Cal, but Roberto's is really good. This location is my favorite in town - you would think they would all be the same, but this location is the best.The portions are big, the food is cheap, and it tastes good. It's a little greasy, but hey, it is a taco shop. All of the meats are marinated and have good flavor. The burritos are awesome and huge, tacos come fried or soft shell, and then the Super Nachos.... I think these  break the maximum calorie barrier, but they are good.Staff here is nice. They are quick, good cooks, and the cashiers will joke around with you on occasion.No alcohol here, but the place is connected to a bar.We have a different Roberto's closer to us and we drive a little out of the way for this one. Good place, good food.
3	I'm not actually mexican, so I may have a bit of a bias for the more american vein of mexican food.I waited for the perfect time and for when I was in the perfect condition to try this place- slightly drunk, and 12:45 AM. Upon walking into this fine establishment, I noticed it smelled like urine- like, as if I had walked into a public rest room. Because of this, I did not stay long hereI ordered a carne asada burrito that I enjoyed in the car on the way back home. And it was a-ok! The meat was good, loved the veggies and guac.... the highlight was definitely the tortilla. It tasted fresh. I do love me a fresh tortilla. It cost around 5 dollars, which is a great deal.If you're up late and want some late night munchies, I definitely sugest roberto's. If you enjoy eating at establishments that don't reek of piss, then I would maybe hit up somewhere a little more expensive, where they probably pay their employees to clean.
5	The best tacos, burritos and came Asada fries in the NW,  always consistent, the best service too!
1	HORRIBLE !!! The food was cold and wet in the inside and slimy.. And I ask to get it warmed up and the guy looked at me like a pissed off Mexican and said.. It's the sour cream and guacamole.. I said.. Umm everything is cold.. And he warmed it up and it was just warm and nasty.. Not seasoned and cold the cheese dint melt.. I mean chunks of solid cheese.. Like WTF !!! and THE DAM LOCATION IS HIDDEN !!!!!! Inside another location like wtf AND THE RESTRAINT LOOKS LIKE A DOG POUND !!! Wow !! Just horrible nightmare
4	Not all of the Roberto locations are the same, each location though they have the same menu, the food can be drastically different.I have been to this location many times and is by far my favorite! There are two locations closer to me, I drive past them to go to this one.My favs... Carne Asada Nacho!!! Loaded with everything wonderful! Carne Asada Burrito. Want to make it better? Get the burrito enchilada style!! Delicious!!! The breakfast burrito is excellent as well.I prefer to get it to go... the location is a little icky... booths aren't cleaned as often as they should be. Thats why I am giving them 4 stars and not 5. But the food is really good.
4	Loved it! I had a hard time finding this place for some reason. Didn't realized it was on the side of a night club? I think that's what it was. LOL. When I finally found it, I thought it was a cute little place. Was pretty quiet, ordered a carne asada burrito without guac. The wait was approx. 10-15 mins? Not a long wait. Took that baby home and honestly, SO GOOD. The steak was juicy and tasted so amazing ^_^. Definitely going to be coming back more often. They open 24 hours, so if you ever have the late night munchies, this would definitely be the place to go to for something fulfilling, cheap, and delicious!! Oh, also had an horchata here, was pretty good too. :)
1	bad experience in this restaurant burrito was not to my order, had to ask them 3 times why there was no cheese. no refill on horchata at this location and they overcharge for a drink. thinking about making pepes my go to place for now on. also called corporate and they seem to not care. not recommended at all,  beware! !!
5	Carne Asada Nachos are to die for!  Enough for two and very tasty. Wide variety of taste. Quick and friendly service.  Will go back again!
