2	It's a hit or miss with these guys. I would get my nails done here periodically and the staff is constantly changing, with one or two consistently there. Either get really great service and great nails, or bad nails, get ignored, waiting in a chair. They don't really speak English, and considering their service, it's always full. They're like my "okay I don't know where else to go, so I'll just go here and constantly repeat how I want my nails done..."*Do have a big selection of magazines.*Are hygienic, clean and orderly*Have a TV for customers.*Large selection of nail designs*Waiting area is like a living room. (i.e. They have a comfy black couch)*Like every salon, it's not kid friendly so have someone there to watch them or don't bring them at all.*Lastly, they do advertise good mani/pedi deals.Services offered: nails,mani/pedi with massage & massage chairs, wax, facials(?)
3	I used to go here every month and get my nails done. I used to love this because of their hospitality and nice employees.They do a good job on acrylic nails: clean and natural looking.What happened now? I understand that they get a lot of customers because of their nice service but i don't think it's the same anymore.My last visit was horrible! I think they should hire more people who knows how to at least say "hi, how are you?" without giving me a weird look.The owner, Christina, is really nice and i think she deserves better employees. I got both mani and pedi. They sat me on the foot spa chair with relaxing massage and been helped after an hour and a half. The girl started filing 4 of my fingernails, then left to help the other customer. Wow. And so i waited for another 20min to finally get my pedi. My time is precious and i hate being passed on esp that i'm paying for their service. It wasn't really that busy at all and there was one girl that's being helped by 2 people. Shouldn't i get the same treatment too since i'm here to for 2 full sets like her?As for my manicure/ acrylic nails, Joe (?) really did a terrific job! Look for him (he's sort of short, with short hair, and he can speak English) or Christina. I'm giving them 3 stars because of him. He knows exactly what i wanted. I got a fill and he did AWESOME. I told him i wanted my french tips shorter, and so he did. I asked for purple designs on my ring fingers, and so he did. It was really nice and pretty. I looks very natural.So i guess it's just a hit or miss thing. I'm coming back because of Joe. I just hope it would be better next time.
4	The place is clean, there was no wait, the lady kept telling me how nice my feet were ( major plus), she did a good job and it was $20 for a pedi ( average). I will probably go back.
2	Ahm... Didnt like this place at all, the environment was horrible, my fill and paint was an entire botch job! NEVER AGAIN
5	I had been going to Foxy Nails and thought that they were good, but a friend told me about this place and I figured I'd try it out.  Foxy Nails is good, but they charge $25.00 for a pedicure plus an additional $5.00 for callous removal.  Now, $30 is a lot for this type of pedicure.  Most places the callous removal is part of the pedicure, paying an additional $5.00 is a lot of money.  This new place charges $20.00 and it includes the removal of callous.  I had Maria do a pedicure and manicure and it was done great. Why pay more for a service when there are other places that are just as good if not better.  I took Foxy Nails out of my phone and happily added Jolie in.
5	My husband & I have been going to this nail salon for over 5 yrs.  Tom & Tina are the owners and very hands on.   I see Tom and strongly suggest making an appointment if you want either of them specifically.  Not everyone is fluent in English but I go there to relax not to chat.  Someone is always close enough to translate if necessary.  The shop is clean, the staff respectful and not overpriced.  Although mostly women I have seen plenty of men in there for service.   Go, enjoy I highly recommend!
