3	Somewhat dated...REALLY large and easy to get lost -- multiple towers with multiple levels.  If you can think of a labrynth, then you will understand what I mean about this hotel.   The rooms and the service were really nothing spectacular.  Parking can be somewhat of a hassle if you don't know where to park -- there are three different areas on three different levels of the mountain.Beware of the room service as well.  I like tea before my coffee and would get a cup from room service.  They charge for the tea.  They add tax.  They add a hotel service charge.  They add a hotel delivery fee.  And then there is the gratuity line that is added in.  WHAT?  Don't add anything to the gratuity line...that is what the delivery fee and the hotel service charge is for.  Starbuck is half the price after all of the additional fees and it is right around the corner.
4	Clean. Friendly service. Good price (from hotwire). Very fast Internet with no glitches. Has pizza parlor in lobby. Not bad if you ask me.
3	I stayed at this hotel for four nights, and on the last day attended a memorial service hosted in one of the hotel's banquet rooms.  Overall experience was adequate...specifics follow.1)  Room quality - 4 stars.  Most rooms have Sleep Number beds, which actually kept me awake on the first night as I spent 45 minutes trying to find the perfect setting for me.  The second night I just reset the bed to Sleep Number 50 (median) and fell asleep in short order.  Room was clean, not too dated, and nothing stood out as being in need of repair or cleaning.2)  Internet access - 2 stars.  All rooms have both wired and wireless access included in the room cost.  The wireless access is a peer-to-peer network, so my corporate laptop was prohibited from connecting (our IT group smartly limits connections to secured networks).  The wired connection is very slow during the day, and at times during mid-day would return connection timeout errors.  Late at night it was adequate.3)  Services - 4 stars.  Housekeeping was daily, and the only negative was that somehow each new bath towel that was left had single, long black hair on it.  Once I could forgive, but three times in four days?  Service call to address a clogged toilet was dealt with promptly.  Room service is not as expensive as expected, and our server was prompt and friendly.4)  Restaurant - 2 stars.  The in house "Rivers" restaurant is not worth going to.  The $12 breakfast buffet consists of scrambled eggs, sausage and bacon, bad French toast, horrible home fries, bad fresh fruit, and decent (store-bought, I imagine) pastries.  A la carte breakfasts are not much better...the pancakes were pretty bad.  Dinner is the same...food is bland, overpriced, and usually either under- or over-cooked.  The pizza bar next door is not always open, and is not as good as your usual neighborhood pizza place.5)  Facilities - 3 stars.  The exercise/pool room is decent, although during our stay the hotel was overrun with hundreds of teenagers and the pool water was so cloudy that we avoided it entirely.  The banquet/conference catering is really well done, very accommodating and professional.  The current manager is very friendly, present, and professional.Overall this is a solid if unspectacular place to stay if you are on a business trip or need a place to host a gathering.  If you're an individual traveler save your money and stay elsewhere.
2	This hotel is in need of a renovation. This becomes most apparent when you look at the bathrooms, which have fixtures and mildew growth both from the seventies. I've stayed in motels that were cleaner and better appointed.I could have done without the Sleep Number bed, but that's probably more of a personal preference than anything. However, it appeared to me that the money would have been better spent on updating the rooms themselves. Apparently it used to be a Marriott some time ago - I'm guessing they decided to drop the brand rather than update to Marriott's standards.The continental breakfast was a crime. $12 for buffet style eggs (from a bag no less), sausage, french toast, and oily potato cubes they were trying to say were home fries is unconscionable. Passing on this gastronomic atrocity, I decided to invest my money in an english muffin and two 4 oz. yogurts (only option is Strawberry Banana? Really?).At least there was a pretty nice pool where we could... oh, closed for private party. Just as well.Thankfully this was a business trip and the client is paying expenses, otherwise I might have actually felt upset.
3	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this hotel yet. I have been here many times with no problems. Not too glamorous but has what you need. It is kind of like a maze and sometimes hard to find your way around but that isn't really a problem. The rates are always very good and service has always been hospitable and easy to find when you need them. The rooms are always clean, with nice comfy beds...but about my last time....My last visit started out much the same...easy to check in. They accept pets and even have a pet floor, which I had never asked about before. This time I had my daughter and her kitty with us so we were delighted when we found out pets were okay. The deposit for the pet was very reasonable compared to other places also. MY ONLY PROBLEM was that whomever cleaned the room before we came thought it was okay to leave the comforter covered in dog hair...I guess maybe because it was a pet floor? LOL....We called downstairs and someone came right up to put a whole new dressing on each bed and apologized profusely. That was our only problem. The food had started to slip some before this visit, but during this visit the food was wonderful with plenty of choices. We even checked out about 3 hours late.
2	Dont' mind me... I'm just practicing for when I don't remember stuff. Like two weeks ago when I stayed here for three days? I was surfing the Pittsburgh yelp pages, and knowing I had to return to Pittsburgh next week for software training, decided to "check out the hotel" that we'd be staying at for four days. When I got to the review page for this Radisson, it hit me....... "Been there, done that."Short opinion here. Being a native SoCal person, I benefit from a great choice of hotels, throughout the Western states. So for years, when I've had to go back East, I prepare myself for older properties, musty rooms, and usually....... older bathroom fixtures, accompanied by really aged tile grout! If any of the above rings a bell...... you won't be disappointed.It's really not that bad, but we West coasters are a bit spoiled. They do have a decent bar-restaurant. But as others have mentioned, this property exists on multiple levels. For instance...... the parking lot in the back? You get off the elevator on the 5th floor. If you're going to the bar, THEN you hit "Lobby" and end up at the bottom of the hillside, which is still elevated above the access road. Sounds a bit convuluted, but it's not that bad. I think I just like to complain a bit....... you get that way after your 39th birthday.   :-)
1	I was there for couple of drinks with my friend who was stay a night at the hotel. It was the worst experience i have ever had in a bar in Pittsburgh. When i got there my friend was having dinner at the table and i joined we. I was there only for drinks so i asked the server if i could have a drink but she suggested re restaurant is closed so i will have to get a drink at the bar area. Shortly after that i see her serving other ppl around me in the dinning area and when i asked her about it she told me it was last call and they were also having a drink so it was ok. Honesty it was a weird experience and i wish i could complain to somebody about it being it's such a big chain of hotels. I asked the server If I could talk to the restaurant manager she said sure but the manager never showed up.
5	I love the Radisson!!!
2	Big hotel. Not bad. Bathrooms way too small I had to dry off outside the bathroom. Priceline for good rate.
3	acceptable because it is a convenient drive to most parts of the city with free parking.  It is dated and huge.  I dislike sleep number beds but that's what they have.  Bathrooms are tiny.  In the lounge I had some of the best chicken wings and the rest of their menu seemed impressive and reasonably priced.
2	This hotel is old and janky and the friendly, helpful staff seems to know it. I felt bad for them. I can imagine they deal with a number of complaints so kudos to them for really getting that they are not the problem. The entire hotel staff - front desk, house cleaning, shuttle service, restaurant - do try to make your stay pleasant. They really are the only thing this place has going for it. I actually had to change rooms. I have never done that before but the first room I had apparently had the "towers" AC right above it and it was going to run nonstop. Luckily, it wasn't an issue for me to move. The hair dryer shorted out on me both mornings of my two day stay. My hair was dry enough so I was rather amused by this. I needed to print off my boarding pass. The business office is not complimentary here, but they did offer free computer use and printing for boarding passes. Great! Not so great? The fact that the network moved soooooo sssssllllloooowwww that I couldn't get to the area to actually print out the boarding pass in the allotted 15 minutes. The hotel subs out the services for the business office. Not a good idea. I mentioned at the front desk that I didn't have a room service menu in my room. One of the people working said that was probably because of "renovations." I'm not sure what the two things have in common at this point, but it wasn't worth it to question it. At one point, I was going down the elevator and ran into a woman who was delivering room service. The elevator moved really slow. She sighed and shook her head. "This is an interesting hotel," I commented. "Oh yeah," she said with a laugh. Again ... not a bad place. It serves its purpose. But God help the souls working there. I think they probably deserve better.
1	Where to start ... First we checked in after trying to park for seemingly forever (we noticed on the way out - that the sign directing you to the parking deck is only posted on the way OUT of the property - not on the way in so when you come in late and it's dark, you'd never see it!  Room was decent - no complaints for the cost.  We went down to the restaurant to get a snack for my daughter and a glass of wine for me... it took FOREVER!    Finally we got our order and were off to bed ... not!There was a group in the room next too us who were talking loudly (almost screaming) and it all came through the door...Our mistake was not calling down to complain (which in retrospect we should have but we kept thinking eventually they would go to bed :(  Finally after 3:30 am it died down.When we went to tell the front desk what happened, the girl had this 'deer in the headlights' look and did express regret we had a problem.  I asked if we could receive a discount on our room and she checked with the manager and quickly came back and said no since we didn't call them about the problem :( but they could comp us a breakfast.  I relayed our story from the night and our feelings we didn't want to return (esp when we saw the line at the hostess stand) but took the voucher since it was that or nothing.The restaurant was worse for breakfast.  We stood out by the hostess for at least 10 min and couldn't even get the hostess to let us know how long it would be before be seated.  Two other couples and us were all in the same boat. Hostess was totally overwhelmed. Walked back over to the desk and expressed out findings and she asked us to walk back over.  Long / short the line finally disappated quickly and we were finally seated only to find that there was only a buffet ... so the question that begs to be asked - why was there a line to begin with?!   There were tables and servers?  Bad planning and execution?  Why wasn't there a sign indicating that it was buffet or nothing?  Honestly, if we didn't have the voucher, we wouldn't have stayed after a walk through the buffet area .... The quality was awful... No plates for oatmeal, stale bagels, beyond runny eggs, undercooked sausage and no pancakes or waffles...On an ancillary note, the hotel was swarming with middle, high and possibly college teams.  This didn't bother us since we've been on a dozens of these trips with our daughter.  The problem with it was that the management of the hotel seemingly didn't notice that they were totally booked and staff appropriately for the weekend.  For $135+ for a room for the both of us - to stay 8:30 pm until 10:00 am - with all the problems we had with the sound control and service...definitely was not worth it.  The night before we were in the Penn State area and stayed at a Super 8 for a 1/3 of the cost and had a great night sleep and decent free breakfast.  If we find ourselves back in the area ... would not stay here or recommend it.
2	Stayed here overnight and wished we realized how busy of a hotel this place was before checking in. We stayed over a weekend in the summer and upon check in, the lobby was packed with 2 large confereces going on. Not enough parking to accomadate the lounge crowd on Saturday night and hotel guests. We returned back to the hotel after dinner and couldn't find a parking place. Also, next time I am offered a room with a sleep number bed, I will definately pass.
2	Nice to find a dead fly on the bed after checking in! Nicely done.
3	Pros: great place to host a event or special occasion, awesome cookies, clean, room service food good, and great price for a double tree 4 miles from downtown. Cons: loud A/C bathrooms small, countertops low, outdated, bathtub needs changing
2	Waited for last hotel bus which scheduled before 1pm from Conventional center to hotel from 12:40 to 1:00 pm. No bus showed up, I called Front desk, they told me be patient.  I waited and called them again around 1:30pm, they hang up my phone after I explained the purpose of the phone call. I called them third time around 1:35pm, no response.  Hope they will improve quality of their service.
