1	I contacted this guy about a mortgage.  He was unethical, a liar and to this day I cannot get off his mailing list.  I ended out going with another person.  I would not recommend him to sell your pet.
5	I refuse to deal with anyone else! As first time buyers and not knowing where to begin I was referred to Justin by a coworker. On our initial meeting with Justin he was very patient as we were only wanting to gain some knowledge and information. Once we had saved enough for our down payment we then returned to Justin and started the process. It was smooth and easy going. We had one of the quickest closing dates "three weeks" and were able to move into our home 2 days before our baby was due. After living in our home for about a year and a half we decided to refinance. Knowing if anyone could make it happen it would be Justin. Once again, another easy and smooth process! Not only have I referred people to Justin but I praise him for a job well done!
5	A few years back my brother and I were searching for a house in Glendale and Justin came though for us on multiple levels.  Not only did he refer an amazing realtor to us who showed us countless properties without skipping a beat, but the one we ultimately decided on we were able to get because of Justin and his foresight. He and his team are extremely knowledgeable and efficient which made the process painless.  It doesn't end there!  This inspiration behind this review came recently when my brother was shopping for another home in North Phoenix, and found one, but had the rug pulled out from under him.  The company he was originally working with did not come through for him so he called Justin.  Within no time he had the keys to his second beautiful home!  If you live in Arizona or California and need a home loan, this is the loan officer you want in your corner.
5	This real estate mortgage team is a well oiled machine and totally in sync!  Justin, Christina & Jarrod are awesome to work with and have a full knowledge of their business and know how to bring a loan to a close.  I highly recommend this mortgage team for anybody looking for a home mortgage.  Thanks again Justin for making this a reality;  it was greatly appreciated!!JK
5	Purchasing my home with the Justin Haines team couldn't have gone any better. It was simple, straight forward, and there were no surprises. We were ready to close over a week early which was awesome! I really liked the ease of being able to do everything from my computer since I am very busy with work and a baby. The electronic signatures saved me a huge hassle and quick email responses kept me informed the entire time. Justin also made it a point to keep both my realtor and I informed by giving us updates every Tuesday without us even asking.  I have worked with a lot of loan officers and I can tell you this process and service is as good as it gets. Thanks Justin and team!
5	I really wish I could give Justin more then 5 stars! My husband and I met Justin in 2011. He was our original loan officer when we bought our 1st home. Since then we have done a refinance and spent the last month remodeling our home. Justin and his team are the best! If you want the truth, someone who works hard for his customers, and a team that will go to bat for you... then this is your guy!! Thank you Justin for helping to make all of our dreams come true for our growing family!!
