5	Great Japanese buffet! My family came here for the lunch buffet and though the selection was very good for the price ($9). They even had fried frog legs, which I have not had since I was in China! The other food were also very good and included a good spread of sushi and meats (chicken, steak, short ribs) cooked in a Japanese style.The only issue is that the are times were the food was not refilled. The place was not even that packed, so it would be hard to imagine how the service of food would be during busy times. The wait staff was very friendly and refilled water and took away plates very often. Also, the place was very nice and spacious.Great place to eat, especially for the price.
5	Fresh Sushi, Fresh Sushimi rolls, best Udon soup you can get in Madison ( and this is a buffet) Frog legs, Tamuri mushrooms, shrimp, and the Sunday seafood buffet is Unbelievable, even for the $20 per person price tag, it's well worth it. Fresh Wasabi too, plus Ice cream scooped out for you , not soft serve.
5	went to oysy for lunch on a Mon- MLK day.  Was quite impressed with selection- certainly not the best if you are used to seafood on the west coast or have been to a vegas buffet.  but remember, we are in madison and this place is by the far the best seafood buffet in madison.  lots of sushi options- not too much sashimi.  some fish dishes and rib eye steak.  decent dessert and fruit.  I thought service was fine.  what kind of service do you really need at a buffet anyway?  our waitress filled our drinks when we asked and it was crowded that day.  overall, i give it a five because the option is great for madison.   food wise- i enjoyed shrimp cocktail, rib eye steak, and salmon sashimi.  there was plenty of seating and parking.
3	My pre-husband and I stopped here for lunch on Saturday.  Still $9/person even though it's the weekend, and the selection was decent.  We didn't have any alcohol, but I looked over the selection and it was pretty good--Tsing Tao, Kirin, and Asahi on the import beer list, and a selection of sake (hot and cold), as well as a house plum wine that you can order by the glass.I found the whole idea of a sushi buffet a little unnerving, but they were making it there and the nigiri sushi was actually quite good--excellent cuts of tuna on the pieces that I had.  The spicy tuna was decent, and pre-husband liked the California roll.The fruit selection wasn't bad, although the pineapple was a bit under-ripe.  There were a number of salad options, including kimuchi--the Japanese version of kimchi (think a garlicky, pickled cabbage salad--spicy, but no fish juice).  I LOVE kimuchi but have to be careful about garlic powder, so I went easy on it since I couldn't tell if they'd only used fresh or not.  They also had a lovely seaweed salad, a selection of dim sum, and some soups, along with some standard Chinese-American buffet stuff.Didn't much care for the pork skewers, and the sesame balls with red bean paste were a little too chewy for my taste.  The gyoza were decent, but had an extremely thick dough--more like shumai than gyoza in my experience.  Pre-husband felt that in general, the breaded items were a bit over-done.Five different flavors of ice cream, with scoops in the bucket of water just like the college dorm cafeteria of my youth.  I had the green tea, which was pretty good, although not as strongly flavored as it might have been.Pre-husband said the fried frog leg "wasn't, like, disgusting or anything, but I wouldn't choose to have that over chicken wings.  I don't see why it's a delicacy."  So take that under advisement.  Personally, I don't care for any food with bones in it, so I didn't try them.Finally, I will say that more than 50% of the patrons in the relatively full dining room appeared to be of Asian descent, and a lot of them were speaking Chinese.  So it's probably worth a try if you're looking for some less Americanized pan-Asian fare, although it's still a buffet.  Decent for what it is; probably more fun if you drink some of that alcohol.
2	I drove past Oysy a lot before it opened and really wanted to give it a try.  I went there for lunch the first time with my boyfriend.  We got to head to the buffet right away and the service was friendly and polite.We were not impressed by the food at all.  The food besides the sushi and frog legs reminded me of a typical cheap Chinese buffet. The sushi was on the same page.  If you've ever had good sushi such as Muramoto or Edo's, don't even bother going to Oysy.  You will not be impressed at all.  The rice was bad quality and it seems like they try to cut corners on every aspect of the fish.Although the service was great and the price is cheap, we will probably never return to Oysy because the food quality is definitely not up to par.
4	Love this place!  Really interesting, good food, and very reasonably priced!
4	We had passed this place up many time because we were put off by the thought of a "seafood buffet".  Finally we went because we couldn't decide on anything else that night. We were pleasantly surprised. Freshly made sushi and crab legs.. all you can eat for $20!  Great deal!
4	Oysy is a definite plus in the Madison dining scene. It's not much for atmosphere--looks like it might have been a Ponderosa in a previous life--but the food is the emphasis here.The variety and value compare favorably to the places you find in bigger cities and on the coasts, like Todai. The freshness is maintained respectably (given the lack of mobs of starving Asian diners more typical of a Bay Area suburban buffet) by the kitchen preparing relatively small quantities and refilling the stations more frequently. The dim sum selections are less appetizing than the sushi. Skip the fried and steamed rice and use the sushi rolls to get your starch. The cold snow crab is always a winner, along with the steamed flat fish and seaweed salad.
4	Gone here for lunch with a few friends. I would say this place is the best buffet joint that madison has to offer. Besides with the annoying wait staff, this place has a large fresh variety of food. Its worth the drive if you're coming from the west side!
2	I never thought I would try this place, but after reading the yelp reviews I thought it might be worth checking out - plus, I had a coupon, and I was extremely hungry. Unfortunately, almost everything I tried was not good. I started with some tuna, salmon, and red snapper sushi, and an assortment of maki rolls as well. Most of these items looked not very fresh, and the cuts of sushi looked like a 16 year old in training must have been behind the knife. Anyway, I ate it, and didn't get sick, which quite frankly, surprised me. I also tried the kimchi, which only faintly tasted like kimchi, and the seaweed salad, which had a terribly slimy texture - I don't like to waste, even at buffets, but I couldn't finish either of these dishes. I tried the breaded shrimp, which I thought would be a safe bet, but it was all dried out and crunchy, and I couldn't hardly tell there was shrimp in there! The potstickers, taro cake and miso soup were alright, and the more Chinese style dishes appeared to look alright too, although I didn't really try any. Bottom line - I won't go back to this place. The food is low quality, and I'd rather pay triple the price for something that I'd actually feel comfortable eating - I found this experience to be very unappetizing. If you like good food, then don't go here.
5	You can't beat the food @ Oysy for the price (around $10 for all you can eat lunch). Everyone will be able to find something they like, from Chinese to Japanese to traditional seafood dishes. Can't go wrong...
3	Bad news here. My husband and I went to OYSY tonight but only found a shocking news: the store is closed and there was even a sign on the door says "everything must go by Apr. 30" ....We were so shocked and confused.. we always thought that OYSY's running a pretty good biz coz when we visited it on weekends there were always many ppl..I'm already missing its king crab.. sorry to see you go, OYSY! :(
