5	Always my salon of choice. I've been going there for over 2 years and I wouldn't choose anywhere else to go. He knows how to care for your hair and is always very professional. His staff mimics him, too, which is great to see. I'm always in and out within an hour.
1	So, can't even review the actual services here because I was given the runaround twice with my appointments. The first time, I had an appointment for a Saturday afternoon. When I called to alert Geovanny to the fact that I would be 5 minutes late, he told me not to bother coming because he needed more notice. I kindly accepted the refusal of service, even though I had driven to University City all the way from Pineville. I called back later that afternoon to reschedule, and the girl on the phone told me he could take me the next day at 11.The following day I drove ALL the way back, showed up early, and when I walked in, Geovanny and the girl at the desk looked at me blankly. I told them my name and the girl said,  "Do you even have an appointment?" I told her yes. Geovanny overheard and said, "You canceled yesterday. We don't have you scheduled today." They then, basically rudely, dismissed me. While I love beautiful hair, not at the cost of being treated rudely or in an inconsiderate manner. Maybe others don't mind. Just my two cents.
5	The man knows hair AND he cares!! What better combination could you possibly have in a hairdresser...I arrive and leave with no juggling of clients and seats as in most other salons and do not even get me started on the time I would have to spend there to achieve any measure of attractiveness but not with Geovanny he knows what he's doing and gets it done in about 45 minutes depending on what you need. I go weekly so I know if I'm late for an appointment I'm affecting his time line so I'm never late and often go early if I can which I know he appreciates. Great hairdressers are hard to find.
5	Geovanny is not the first person to try to straighten my hair. He's the fifth. He is also the first to succeed. I've also recommended him to my wife, and there is no higher praise than that.
5	This is definitely one of the best salons in Charlotte. My daughter and I have been clients of Geovanny for over 10yrs before he even owned his own salon. He has always made us laugh, treated us great, and I have never had anyone else in Charlotte get my hair healthy and looking the way I want it to before Geovanny. I recommend him strongly and I will always be a loyal customer!
2	Mr. Geovanny has a very warm and welcoming personality. Great to talk to while he cuts your hair. Other stylists are just as nice. Salon is very spacious and clean. Hair washing is done well.However, I've been there twice and both times it just did not work for me. The color and highlights were not what I had before. The haircut changed the style I loved. Thought to give it a second try and made another appointment. A young woman cut my hair. The layering was choppy and my sides were cut too short. She tried her best but my hair is messed up.  It looks nothing like my profile picture. (Insert crying emoticon here)Like I said,this salon is not for me but they do hair well for their faithful clients. Don't discount that because of my experiences here.
