1	A doctor is as good as his office staff. He might have the best practice in his field but if the office staff he employs drops the ball on the simplest of office duties then he needs to fire all those who are inept.  Naomi is the office staffer incharge of sending lab requests to the appropriate office, for example Steinberg Diagnostics. On 10/3/11 after my appointment with dr weisz he ordered an ultrasound to be done at Steinberg Diagnostics. At check out Noemi said she would fax the order to Steinberg. I told her that the last time I was there she never faxed the order to Steinberg and my appointment had to be postponed until she faxed the order. She assured me she would fax it this time.   Well she didn't my appointment was at 7 am and steinberg did not get the fax. They called Weiss office only to be told that the office staff does not start till 9 am. I left and drove to Weiss office by this time it was 7:30am and yes the office was open. I walked in and asked for the office manager I was told she wasn't in yet, I then told Jackie what the problem was she printed the order and I took the copy with me. On my way out I saw dr. Weiss I expressed my concerns he said noemi was the best in the office. Hmm I lost a day of work because of her ineptness. Steinberg put me on standby for my ultrasound so I waited all day till around 2 pm to be seen.
1	The office staff was overly unconcerned about clients. Not a smile or hello did i see or hear!  I shouldve left at that moment cause it only got worse.
5	With severe intestinal inflammation and after seeing another GI specialist who spent all of 5 minutes with me before trying to sell me on an (unnecessary) endoscopy i thankfully found Dr. Weisz.  He spent over a 1/2 hour doing a detailed examination and interview, determined that an endoscopy or even a CT scan was not necessary at this point, gave me a dietary regime to ease my symptoms and scheduled follow-up with me.  And, I saw those earlier comments about his staff - I found his staff both in person and over the phone to be excellent, courteous, and professional.  All around a great experience!
4	Dr Weisz is great! Understanding and knowledgeable. For the most part, he is on time and cares what I have to say. His front office staff is not very friendly but they seem to know what they are doing.
5	I had my first colonoscopy with Dr. Weisz, I did it with no sedation. He was amazing, so kind, gentle and explained everything as we were going through it. The girls that assisted him were all kind and gave expert patient care. It was very hard to find a doctor to do the colonscopy without sedation. For those of you who dont want to be sedated its a piece of cake and he is awesome. I highly reccommend him for your GI needs. He has a great bedside mannor, patient and caring and concerned. Hard to find these days.
