5	Thank you, Shine! I cannot say enough good things about this place. Their concept was simple, great blow outs and superb customer service.  Finally! I had been to several blow dry bars in the area. However, the service at these other establishments was horrible or the blowout didn't last 24 hours.I finally found the perfect spa-like setting without the corporate feel.  Liz was amazing and offered a long lasting blowout. My hair looked great days after the blowout.  It was well worth the money.
5	Awesome! The place is so nice, clean and has a great ambiance . And they do a fabulous job on hair and I have some of the longest thickest hair ! will definitely be my go to place when I need my hair blown out !
5	I get my hair blown out 2x's a week so I'm pretty picky about itLiz has now done it three times and nothing but great things to say about her work...she gives a great wash and neck massage as bonus!The salon is decorated in a girly, classy way
5	Just amazing! I had my hair blown out and I was amazed at what a blow dryer and round brush could do. I'm obsessed with my Aquage Uplifting Foam and Finishing Spray. The recommendation was perfect and not overpriced. The style took about an hour from beginning to finish and I must say that the shampoo/massage was my absolute favorite and the best I've ever had. The salon is so inviting and comfortable - makes it hard to leave! I definitely recommend SHiNE for ALL your future blow outs (check out their membership pricing)!
5	I came here because Primp and Blow at Waterfront always seems to be busy. Funny enough -- Liz has done my hair at Primp in Blow in the past so I was delighted to find she went out on her own and opened up this little gem in Old Town. Liz is seriously the sweetest most down-to-earth girl's girl and she did my hair last minute last weekend and I couldn't have been more thrilled with it. I have very long thick hair and I'm extremely picky about the way it looks and is styled. Liz was very meticulous and paid close attention to what I wanted. She used a hot tool to give my hair Sophia Vergara-type wavey curls and oh man I got SO many compliments that night from friends and co-workers. I've already booked to go back this weekend for two more blowouts.Prices are so reasonable and on point, salon is cute, clean and welcoming, and Liz is beyond the most hospitable salon owner I've ever met.
5	I've had my hair blown out at Shine several times and I've always left happy.  I have thick, wavy hair and most stylists have a hard time blowing it straight without frizz.  Not at Shine!  They are affordable and the birthday blowout is a nice touch.
5	I would give this place 10 stars if I could. After a constant struggle of finding a good blow dry bar, I decided to give this one a try.  Immediately when I walked in, I see Liz! She was my stylist at a previous salon and I ALWAYS requested her to do my hair, she was the only one that knew how to do it! I was so happy seeing that Shine was her salon! Although  Liz didn't personally do my hair, I trust that whomever she has working at her salon is the best of the best. Of course, I loved my blow out and my stylist! She did a fantastic job and it's a super relaxing environment. Which is what a blow dry bar should be!Everyone is so nice that works there, and every time I've called they get me in the exact time that I need! To top it off, it's the best priced blow dry bar in town. Super happy that I found this place, definitely will be a regular here for my weekly blowouts.
2	I hate to give low stars, but unfortunately I didn't get a chance to experience the services here. I made an appointment a week in advance and it was cancelled an hour before the appointment time by the studio. I was trying this for the first time for an event the same day. This left me with no other options. I couldn't get in anywhere else with such short notice. It was explained to me the owner is having some medical issues, which I completely sympathize with. I asked if my appointment could be moved later in the day hoping another stylist could be available. I don't quite understand this company's circumstances, but it sounds like the owner may be the only one that styles? Maybe hiring someone to perform services at this difficult time would be recommended. Especially when it seems to me a lot of clientele would be those that are getting pampered for a special occasion. If I decide to try this again, I can't say I would try here simply because I don't feel comfortable that the appointment would be kept.
3	Liz called me today to apologize for having to cancel my appointment this past weekend. She seemed sincerely sorry, and it sounds like she was stuck in a no win situation and has offered to make it up to me. I look forward to going in at some point to experience her services and update this review to 5 stars.
5	I finally got a chance to make it in and meet Liz. The scalp massage was amazing and Liz is a hoot! She was cracking me up the entire time. I really didn't even pay attention to what she was doing with my hair until she was done. It turned out better than I've ever had. Whenever I get my hair cut and styled, my stylist straightens it, but it always seems so flat. I have an oblong face, so that just elongates it more. Liz gave me so much bounce and style. I got tons of compliments that evening. The best part is, I had it styled on a Friday, it is now Wednesday and my hair is still going strong! I've worked out in the yard, tied it up at the gym, slept all over it and it still has a lovely curl and bounce to it. It's still soft and shiny. I feel like I could just go on forever without washing my hair again if it wasn't just plain gross to do that.
5	Came here because of a Groupon. Best decision I've made. Liz the owner was AMAZING!!!! Best blow dry I've ever had. I'm vey pleased and I got a lot of compliments. The shampoo she used on me was great. I have not one complaint. Location is beautiful too. I plan to come back and refer all my friends. Even without the groupon its worth to pay the full price. She is the person to go to for any special occasion if you want your hair done.
5	What a great new Blow Dry Bar!!! Got me in same day! Andrea did a great job and her and Liz were both super nice! Will definately be back!!!!
5	LIZ did my hair and all I have to say she is amazing from the moment you walk in to washing your hair and specially the head message i loved every second of it. And the blow out was excellent. The salon is clean and modern. The entire experience was amazing and last but not least the customer service was a 100% on point. Can't wait to go back!!!
