5	Lange Plumbing is great.  I have used them several times.  The latest time, it was a Sunday.  I called them mid-morning, and Cameron was at my home by 2pm.   The repair was done promptly, and at a very reasonable price considering it was a Sunday.  I would highly recommend Lange.
5	Lange Plumbing is a company that says what it does and does what it says. They do not try and sell you work that is not necessary. Very honest company. Darrel Elvenia is a awesome plumber and a awesome employee of this company. Very professional and made sure everything was cleaned up properly before he left. If I ever have another plumbing issue I am just calling Lange Plumbing.
1	We called because we had water flowing from our front yard down the street. The guy came out and charged us $59 for an estimate. He was here 10 minutes at most and didn't investigate anything. He looked into the hole my husband had dug when we were looking for the source of the leak, and said it was water that backed up in the pipe and was now draining off. The water flow increased so we called the guy back. He assured us over the phone that the problem was what he said it was and not to worry. Finally we called another plumber and paid them to find out it was actually water coming from the city's pipe. Not at all what the guy from Lange told us it was. So essentially we paid $59 for some guy to come, glance in a hole, and make an inference that was incorrect. I feel robbed.
1	The plumber came out to install a water softener. He charged me $59 for a quote and price was nearly $500. He spent at most 10 minutes looking around, nothing was itemized on his quote and he was surly. I had used Lange for an earlier project thinking they had good service but no way...THEY WERE AWFUL. I gave all the details about my unit to the plumber but either they didn't write it down or didn't care. I also wanted a quote on them installing an under-mount sink in the kitchen only to have them tell me (ONCE THEY ARRIVED), that they don't install under-mount sinks. When you find a good service provider in Vegas you stick with them...LANGE PLUMBING is NOT a good service provider. When I called their office, the response I got was..."Sorry". I may as well have taken $59 and burned it in the back yard. I got ZERO value! Lange Plumbing apparently makes it's money by ripping people off for $59 fees. I will never use them again and I will try to convince as many people as possible to never use their service.
