5	This is the best place in the valley for nails. My sisters and mom go here every Christmas Eve to get pedicures. All the workers are super nice & they did a great job.
5	i am extremely finicky about my feet! Luckily this place accommodated quickly and did a fantastic job. Myself and my tootsies thank you!
5	This place is great! I've gotten acryclics and pedicures here several times.  They are always more then accomadating to do the crazy nail art pictures I bring in.  They also have the largest selection of already done nail art to pick from, I've ever seen!I'm really satisfied with the service they have provided!
4	Lover Nails and SpaDon't you just love the name of it? Lover nails, I know I did. It was the last Sat of the year and in my normal totally unplanned style I wanted to get a pedicure.  I used my handy Yelp app, and found Lover Nail, and just by the name I was sold so off I went!I was greeted right away, asked what I wanted and told to pick out a color, but I already had my color, to match my NYE outfit, in hand and was directed into a chair.   My nail tech was Andy, and he was cool, great personality! Great foot massage too!!My toes came out sexy like I wanted, enjoyed my time while there. Great service, prices are reasonable this might become my regular goto place!
1	Very disappointed in this salon. Set an appt 4 days ahead of time. Area were I for my set put on was dirty from a past client. The mail tech did not talk, I felt rushed through my appt which resulted in me leaving unhappy. I won't be returning.
5	Family run business that my husband and I have been loyal too now for 7 years!  Owners Tony & Sandy are great service focused leaders and very creative, delivering the highest level of quality!  We highly recommend you make it your every time place- you won't be disappointed!
1	If I could give this place a negative star I would!  I had to ask my nail tech multiple times to go over areas on my feet which she missed by pure laziness.  I get my toes done once every 2 weeks so they aren't even bad in the first place.  Next it took her a total of 20 min from start to finish to complete my pedicure.  This was such a waist if money and time I will never again return.
5	This has been my go to nail place since high school! The owners are great and everyone is so personable and friendly! They have the best pedicures around, $20 for standard but have different packages also. Love this place!!
3	They were super busy when I arrived at 230 in the afternoon on a Friday. Being from out of town I was recommended tigon here by a local. I gave a 3 star because I had to wait 25 mins before I was seen by a tech. My pedicure water was cold by this time. However, once she started they did a great job and were very nice! It seems they are very loyal to their regular customers.
5	Best place ever. Been coming here since they opened. Tony is the best at nails so is his wife Sandy. But Sandy is by far the best at designs.  I let her do what she wants and I'm never disappointed.  I love this place to death....
5	Love, Love, Love Lover Nails and Spa!! They are the greatest. I've been here for multiple mani and pedis! Friendly, fast service, never have to wait long, call and make an appointment, and you'll get right in. Great work, great massages, eyebrow waxing is quick and painless. Had a great wedding pre-party, they had champagne and balloons waiting for us. This is the place to go for pampering! Pricing is reasonable as well.
5	14 months and several bad nail salons later, I've found my one true (nail salon) love in Lover Nails and Spa. Pedicures are a religious experience of sorts for me and not just because I sometimes go get them on Sundays. It's the one time during the week where I can almost let my mind unwind and just take comfort in the fact that whether or not my life is falling apart, my feet will still look fabulous.This place mostly takes walk-ins, but I always make an appointment to see Tina because she is my favorite. She is incredibly meticulous and her massages are OFF THE CHAIN. Yes, I went there because they are that good. If you're into hurts-so-good types of massages, Tina has you covered. It's hard to find a tech who excels in all areas of a pedicure, which sounds like a dumb first world thing to say because it is. Some are good at the paint job but give crap massages. Some are great at trimming cuticles (which is dangerous art if not done right) but are terrible at filing. Tina does everything well and I think it's because she takes her time and maybe has some perfectionist tendencies. Another great tech is Max, but his massages are basically like getting brushed with a feather. I'll see him in a pinch if Tina isn't there.As far as nail salons, this place is pretty standard-nice chairs with numbered pillows on each which I like so that there's no confusion about which chair you're going to for pedicures. They have a wide variety of regular polishes and gel colors and the visual aesthetics lover in me appreciates that all of the regular polishes are arranged in color order and almost never out of order. They also have other services like waxing but I just come for the pedicures. They have a couple of TV's that show a variety of bizarre music videos. Not mad at it. Basic pedicures are dirt cheap at $20 and you can do add ons like callus removal and designs for $5/each and extra time on your massage for $10. They also have some luxury pedicures that are $35 and I'd say well worth it. If you choose one of those, block out at least an hour to complete because they can be kind of time intensive.Overall, highly recommend as a place to get a quality pedicure and if you don't mind getting your muscles worked over a bit, see Tina!
