4	Honestly, I have never before even tried Korean food. It was actually my intention to go here for the sushi. But when I saw that the dining room was full of Koreans, and read the descriptions of the dishes in the menu, I was won over. It makes sense to go with a restaurant's strengths anyway.I chose a spicy chicken dish (dalk bokum), as a bento lunch, and waited -- for what seemed like hours. I don't know if it is normally that slow, but it certainly was that day. It seems likely due to the table of 20 seniors, some brisk delivery business, and only one server.While I waited I observed the clean, open dining room. It was very bright inside, and every surface covered with blonde wood, so that it invoked... maybe a tea house. The one server fluttered around, fretting over the seniors, preparing items for delivery, and taking orders from other tables.Eventually, I received my plastic bag chock full of foam containers, and I headed back to work. Once there, I opened up the bag to find it filled with a wonderful sesame, garlic, and chile pepper aroma, and in addition to my chicken, vegetables, and rice, four different marinated salads. The chicken dish definitely ranked its two chili peppers. Luckily, the rice (which was prepared perfectly -- just the right balance of stickiness and separateness) diluted the heat. The veggies were fresh and still a little crisp, just the way I like them.The sides consisted of a kim chee, a sesame spinach salad, a bean sprout salad, and a spicy cucumber salad. All were top notch, and provided a nice contrast to my main dish.I would certainly return, and would like to try the table top grills of their namesake.
5	This place was one of my favorite restaurants in the Phoenix area when I lived there.  If you like REAL Korean food and good Sushi at very reasonable prices, you should definitely check it out.I've been there dozens of times and their dishes are very consistent.  Their staff is very friendly and it is always fun when they recognize me and welcome my girlfriend and I by name each time.They usually have one or two servers, which can be rough during rushes, but its not too bad if you're not rushed or anal about service the way a corporate secret shopper would be at a chain restaurant.My favorite dishes there are the Kalbi, Sam Kyup Sal, and Bulkogi.  I get one of these most of the time, but their Bibim Bop and Fish dishes are great too.  Some people who aren't used to true asian cuisine with bone-in fish, strong spicy flavors, or bitter Kimchee might be taken off guard by some dishes here, but if you have an open mind and a strong stomach, you'll love it.  My girlfriend usually orders the Bibim Bop or Bulkogi and loves their rice and says its the best she's had at a restaurant that wasn't $100+ for the two of us.  Make sure you come with an appetite!Their sushi is excellent.  The flavors are great and fresh and just as good as Ra Sushi without the price gouging.  They don't have as much Flashy presentation as them of course.  Our favorite sushi roll they have is called "Dirt in Ocean".  Make sure you try the orange sauce that it comes with.My girlfriend loves their Green Tea, iced or hot and I always order a tall Asahi or Sapporo with our meal.  Both beverages compliment the dishes well.  Their Plum Wine is good too, but its stronger than the wine we have here in the States, so don't guzzle it.They recently added Karaoke rooms which I look forward to trying when I fly back down there this weekend!
4	I haven't had the Korean or Japanese food yet at "Table Top Grill and Sushi," but that's not why I went there.  Table Top Grill and Sushi is one of only (now) two or three restaurants that I know of in the Phoenix metro area that serve jjamppong and tangsuyuk (I think they said they do Ulmyeon and related dishes also).  These dishes are all examples of Korean Chinese cuisine (sc. the Wikipedia entry).  I'd give them FIVE STARs because they do the jjamppong and tangsuyuk and it's a reasonable drive from my office, but I need my wife to sample their fare before they are so designated.  Regardless, I recommend this restaurant because I enjoyed what they served me.
5	I've been going here for about two years. Since I don't live in the valley I only go there a few times a year. The sushi chef is awesome. I recommend the Table Top Special. It's a warm and easy going atmosphere. I think that the kind of person that dines there reflects on the time they have. I have never had a bad incident. Love their food and service.
5	A little while ago, my friend and I supped at Table Top Grill and Sushi. My friend had some Korean food and I had champong (we both had tangsuyuk). The Korean dish was well prepared and well presented. There were very good amounts of banchans. I come the Table Top for the food. If the service was really, really bad, I guess that might sour me a bit, but the service is only a little slow. Overall, I upped my rating to FIVE STARS. It ain't Mastro's, but it's not supposed to be. What it is is a great place for Korean, Korean Chinese, and (I hear) Japanese food.
4	The first time I went here was for a going away for a co-worker. It was pretty good, and the service was great. Waitress was extremely nice and helpful. The food was tasty, and it made me want to go back for more. The place isn't located in the best location, but at least the food and service are good. :)
4	My friends took me here to karaoke and I had a blast! Most of the songs are in East Asian languages, but they have english songs as well. You'll also notice that they try to keep their song list updated with the latest singles. Thumbs up to that! They charge a room by the hour not by person so the more people you bring the less everyone has to pay. I'll come back someday to try the food.
4	I nominate this place for an OYE.  How awesomely Korean can you get?  Korean music videos playing on the projection screen, Korean karaoke going on in the back, and some friendly service to go along with great food.We were starving late at night on a Saturday and didn't want greasy spoon or Scottsdale food.  I saw that this place was open and it was 1030 so we figured we'd give it a shot.  We walked in and the little hostess girl promptly sat us and gave us menus.  She was back quickly to take our drink order and ask if we had any questions.  The menu is pretty big.  They seem to do Korean, Chinese, and Japanese food here (including sushi) but I was just looking for a noodle bowl.  Sure enough, Yakisoba bowl with chicken was sitting there on the back so I went ahead and ordered it.  First we were given the customary bowl of soup with the little tofu cubes.  It was good.  Not any different than what you've had before, but it was good.  Then we got these four plates of different salads.  They were strange.  Kim chee and some cucumber one.  There was some other really spicy one and something else.  I don't really know what they were but they weren't bad.When our entrees came out, I was quite pleased.  Heaping bowl of noodles with piles of veggies and chicken.  Just what you'd expect and just what I wanted.  SO GOOD though.  Way better than I expected for some random hole in the wall in the middle of the ghetto.  I will totally be back here.  I'd love for a bunch of yelpers to invade for Karaoke on the weekends and sing Korean music.  They were having a ton of fun!
4	I have been here over the years and have enjoyed the food and not so much the atmosphere. Well, all that has changed. I have been here since they remodeled and it looks great. Now I can enjoy the delicious Korean cuisine, watch the Korean TV shows and relax in the newly remodeled dining area. I love the variety of flavorful kimchis.Such a delight and I can't wait to return.
