1	I went here to get a estimate which they did. Let me tell you I would be giving them a 5 star being very nice and answering any questions. until I was ready to get my car fixed. The main lady told me I needed to call Angie to set up a appointment so I called and left my number. I called the next day to schedule no answer and left my number. then I called again still no answer or call back. This has been over two weeks can you believe I've still yet to get a call back. So I took my business elsewhere.  BOOOO
1	I would be giving this place no stars if I could. I thought taking my car to a dealer would result in the highest quality work. I was so wrong. First, their customer service is terrible. I had to follow up over and over again over the 10 weeks that I dealt with them. There were multiple instances of not getting called back, not getting return emails, not getting documentation emailed to me like I asked...I could go on and on. They did a very large amount of body work. After having my vehicle for 3.5 weeks, I finally got a call to pick it up. About an hour after that call I received another call telling me they had failed to properly check the washer reservoir (which was damaged in the accident) and never replaced it. I had to make another appointment to take the car in to have the reservoir installed (which they never called to tell me the part was in and again I had I follow up myself). When I took the car in the second time, I repeatedly told them I was not happy with the way the good was fitting and asked at least 3 people to make sure they looked at the hood. Upon picking it up the next day it came to find they never looked at the hood. Too upset to even bring to their attention at that time, I called and spoke to a manager the next week. After taking the car in a third time it is finally fixed fairly well (they nicked the hood re-installing it which I will be calling about today). But even dealing with the manager I didn't get called about my vehicle for 5 days. I guess that is what I get for dealing with a multi-billion dollar company that doesn't care about losing one customer. Don't take your vehicle here. It will only be a headache for you!
2	Two stars because they fixed my car in a timely manner and it seems fine. Lack of stars because they had a bunch of small charges that didn't add up. I had a crack in my front bumper on the lower right side. Somehow that required them removing my pin stripes and door guards and replacing all of them. When I brought this up with my insurance company that paid for the job the shops excuse was "it's standard procedure for any job we do." It's standard procedure to charge for parts not needed and 2 hours of labor for work they didn't really do? No wonder insurance costs are on the rise every year...
4	They finally followed up on this issue and my insurance company and myself were satisfied with the results.
1	Wow second update... That's a first for me. Anyway, my new bumper popped out of place from AZ heat (my best guess) and the pearl white paint from my bumper to my fenders does not match only a month later. So much for all those additional charges the shop justified as needing to blend the paint to match! We will be taking it to a new shop to have the mistakes fixed.
1	I took my wife car for repairs due to swipe side collison. They assign this girl Mariah coordination of the repair.  The communication was very poor I was having a hard time getting in touch with her so I can get updates on the repairs, she never answered my phone calls after a while she will live me voice messages on the progress after I complain about.  The car set in the shop for a week due to their miss communication with the insurance compamy not bein any work started.  When the car was done the paint had some paint drips so the take the car back to repaint it. When the car was done again the foot rail fall while my wife try to get in the car took the car back and put new clamps on.  The car also had aliment problems or the frame bent because the car was pulling to the right I took the car to nissan who did the mechanical work but they say the alignment is fine.  Car set in the shop for a month I ended up buying a new one.  I will never take any car there for body work that is just me.
