5	This establishment is perfect for those wanting to get away from the heat or for the people that work in the mall like myself! I work in mattresses at sears so it tends to get slow because not everyone comes to sears for mattresses every day like the flow of people coming in for appliances.  So i have A LOT of time on my hands.  Now that there is a yogurt establishment in the mall i have another place i am excited to go to since My Favorite lemonade place closed down and is covered by a big white wall :'(I love a good number of the flavors at this establishment but they change them out very fast. I cant wait for toasted coconut to come back and cotton candy! Soooo Goood!I go here almost every day but i have not gone in two days so i will have to get my fix today with all their awesome flavors and a huge selection of toppings. Will have pics today on the way!
5	The only fructose based yogurt in the valley. Bubble gum flavor was excellent.
2	We've been here a few times.  I am not a fan.  But my wife generally likes frozen yogurt, so I'm rating based on her comments.  She's not a fan either.The selection is pretty limited, it's very pricey (hey, mall space ain't cheap!), and the staff is usually disinterested.  We had one young lady who was enthusiastic, but the others have always been chatting with someone else and very apathetic to our presence.My wife has tried several flavors, but so far has only liked the pistachio (she says that one is "four star").  All the others she says "meh".  The toppings bar?  Doesn't look nice.  Sorta reminds me of the nut bowl on the bar in a lounge/bar. You just don't even want to touch it.Alas, we have a pre-paid card to use up, so we'll be back.  Hopefully they'll have more pistachio for her.Oh...the pre-paid card is, in effect, a "get one free" deal.  You spend $20, but the card is valued at $25.  I believe.  (My wife carries the card.)  We got it on our first visit (when she had the pistachio) because it was a decent deal.All in all, I much prefer Frost Gelato.
2	Every time I go they are out of the stevia flavors. Not a fan. Very bland,but the toppings are great. The staff though freaked out when one of my kids touched a holloween spider on the fake cobweb. It wasn't enough to tell them not to touch it. She had to repeat it after they walked away. she REALLY, REALLY loves her holloween decorations. Take a chill pill kid. If you don't want things touched, put it away. Already bitter and doesn't look a day over 19.
