5	Great set-up with multiple entrances.
5	Clean!  Great soda selection!
5	Who doesn't love QT! This one freaking rocks tho! They have a built in Starbucks thing going on.
5	Love QuickTrip!!!! If you want to get gas go to QT, you want a snack, go to QT, you want a clean bathroom..... Go to QT! If it is possible for me to get to a quick trip over any other gas station I will take it. QT is always my first choice. I am amazed at how clean eveything is all the time. I appreciate how well they take care of the stores.
5	I usually would never review a convenience store, but this place was amazing! We stopped in here twice for drinks, snacks, and gas. I did notice in Gilbert and the surrounding cities, that gas stations are serious business. All of them are huge! Almost like mini grocery stores.This particular location had every snack under the sun, a coffee bar, fresh fruit, a huge icee wall with loads of flavors, a wine aisle, and a place to order food. There was too much to choose from. The first time we stopped in we were probably in the store 15 minutes trying to decide what to buy!I wish gas stations in Orange County were this nice!
5	This is my favorite QT in Gilbert. I am in this particular location at least twice a week. I love they have a large food and snack selection. I love that this location has soft serve ice cream. The staff here is wonderful and the bathrooms are always clean
5	Pretty sweet for a gas stations, I wish they would have cool customer appreciation like other locations but they have a HUGE selection inside the stores and even some pretty healthy options too. Less expensive gas, decent staff, variety inside, gets 5/5 from me!
5	This QT was amazing. I stopped in for the first time on my way to work today, and was pleasantly surprised. The drink choices are varied and the breakfast sandwiches are fresh (which isn't normally the case for convenience stores). Even though the place was busy, I was able to get in and out within about 5 minutes. I will definitely make this my new morning stop!
5	I'm a fan of almost all QT's and this one is no exception. Has just about everything you need in the convenience store part of the gas station, even the iced tea fountains (i.e. entire soda fountain that's just iced teas). Always clean. Staff is always pleasant even in the early a.m. and always quick.
5	This store is amazing.  The best and largest fountain drink selection of any convince store I've been too.  The location is spotless.  The employees are friendly.  The bathrooms are spotless.  If you need something in a hurry you can find it here.  Oh yeah, the serve gas as well.
