5	Bajio makes me sing "Loco Gringos Like a Party." Okay, so Bajio isn't really where you go to party I was just compelled to use Rev. Horton Heat lyrics in this review. You could say it's like that old joke there's a party in your mouth and everyone's coming. Except it's the Bajio food that's making the party in your mouth... Um, where is this going? Bajio is *Krills! The brightly painted walls hold the enormous and very cool paintings (Prints?) on the walls, the weathered dangling lamps Bajio's decor makes you feel as though you should be in San Diego and not next to a Home Depot off of Flamingo.  When you get down to business and make your order the set up is that station style (like Subway) where you get to pick and chose the variety of beans, rice, meat, etc. Everything down to the sour cream is seasoned and that's what makes Bajio different from the other chains of Mexican food joints. It's not authentic but it's a place that you can prolly bring those who don't like Mexican food and they would eat it and you'd be happy to be there.   *Krills is street for Crack Rock.
5	I was a little pissy that I had to ditch my cousin and the volleyball game with UNLV for my mom and Home Depot to pick out paints for the house.    On the way to Home Depot we decided to get some dinner first.  Considering we always eat at buffets, casino restaurants, or at home we didn't know where to go and what restaurants were around Fort Apache and Flamingo.  I spotted an orangey-yellow bright sign that said Bajio so I kindly suggested it to my family and there we were.  I didn't know what to expect.  I honestly thought it was a restaurant where people seat you and serve you.  It wasn't like that at all; it was a fast food joint.  I thought maybe it was just gonna be another Rubio's or Baja Fresh.  The interior was very modern with the light fixtures dangling down from the ceiling, plants all over the place, wall painted with warm colors, and tables and chairs lined up almost like a small version of a mall food court setting.  When you reach the ordering station, the menu is actually painted on the wall.  Very interesting setting.  I was torn between the Mexican Pizza and Shrimp Tacos.  The Mexican Pizza had "a layer of rice and beans, with your choice of chicken, beef, or pork sandwiched between two crisp flour tortillas, smothered with enchilada sauce, melted cheese, salsa and sour cream".  As for the Shrimp Taco it had "Two 6" flour tortillas stuffed with shrimp sauteed in honey butter, topped with cheese and fresh mango salsa. Served with lime and your choice of rice and beans on the side."   Since it sounded so interesting, I decided to get them both.  I'm so glad I didn't just choose one.  They were both so yummy!  My mother chose the Nachos, "Crisp tortilla chips topped with melted Monterey jack and cheddar cheese, choice of rice and beans, chicken, beef or pork, and topped with salsa and sour cream."  As for my step-dad, he decided to get the Veggie Burrito, "Fresh-cooked 12" flour tortilla, wrapped with your choice of rice and beans, sour cream, guacamole, sauteed chile corn and caramelized sweet onions. Topped with enchilada sauce, salsa and cheese. Served with your choice of rice and beans on the side."  They were both very good but what I chose was better.I was very impressed with the menu and the decor.  Only thing I wasn't impressed with was the girl that served us.  She got annoyed with my step dad coz he's some what hard of hearing.  So, you gotta SPEAK UP when you talk with him otherwise you'll just go back and forth with a puzzled look and "HUH?" questions left and right.  She told the another person to help us in the middle of helping us coz she got fed up repeating herself.  I think she hates her job!  But then again, there was a long ass line behind us and she was one of those people who can't handle pressure.  The guy she gave us to was a darling.  He was awesome with a smile.  I definitely will go back for him juz coz he was super duper nice.We left Bajio satisfied and agreed to go back again sometime soon.  I think I'll take my cousins here next week so I can take pictures with them.  Mmmm, can't wait.
2	I enjoyed my food, but I was the only one in my party that did. Nice decor and pretty decent menu selection, but I have had far better mexican food before. I'm from So Calif, so it is hard to find good mexican when you travel, nothing tastes like home. I wouldn't return and if I was a local I wouldn't go out of my way to go to this restaurant again. Maybe my expectations are too high or their standards are too low.
2	Who wants to stand around and read a menu on a wall and then stand around some more and wait for your subpar Mexican food to be cooked?  It wasn't even that busy when I went there, but I still stood there for over 5 minutes. I would never come here for lunch when it might be more crowded.  Who wants to spend their lunch hour standing around when they could have a more customer friendly system of ordering your food and then having it bring it to you?  They are going for that Subway-style watch them assemble your food vibe - but it just takes too long.The mexican rice and black beans were the blandest I have ever tasted.  Not only did I pay the extra $1.79 for this worthless crap, but it was also included in my burrito where it totally killed any taste.  I would never go back to this place.
3	It's pretty fast assembly line but fresh tasting Mexican burritos, quesadillas, salads, and fajitas for about $7.45- $7.95 incl 2 sides & $5.45 with no sides of sweet or mexican rice, or refried, black, or brown beans.  Today's special (Thursday) was $3.99 tortilla soup.  At 6pm, no line but not empty, they get you through quick.  The fajitas are more $10.95.
3	Very quiet here (few people) & multiple times we've been here the same staffers have been here with consistency in both food & svc.  I should rate it higher but I don't eat Mexican that often out.  We actually were taken care of by the owner who was very pleasant.  He even checked on us & the other patrons.  We were entertained by his telling of some of his humorous work situation real life stories.  Oh, the food?  It's not bad $7.95 for a smoked beef salad with 2 sides & $7.95 for a shredded glazed chicken burrito.  We cared enough to share some of our marketing ideas with him.  See, we make the world go round.
4	Bajio is my favorite place for a yummy, quick, cheap dinner. I've gone at least once a week since I found out about the place. Their beef is delicious, and I just tried their sweet pork and am now a huge fan of it too! The only not-so-fabulous thing about Bajio is their rice. It's okay, but definitely not the greatest. Everything else is phenomenal though, and you can't beat the price; an enchilada with two sides and a taco with all the fixings for $7 and some change.
4	"Welcome to Bajios!" - That's what the people behind the counter exclaim as you walk through their door.Bring a larger-than-life appetite or be prepared to take your left over food with you when you leave!This place is clean, the service is top notch and the food is fresh and rather tasty!My weapon of choice?  The Chicken Chimichanga: Lime Chicken, mexican rice, black beans, green sauce.  Then they toss it into the fryer right in front of you.While the chimichanga is attaining crispiness, your pan is prepared: I choose more mexican rice, black beans, fajitas (onion, bell peppers) and the green sauce.Once the chimichanga is done, they place it on your pan and adorn it with more green sauce (whatever salsa you choose), sour cream and guacamole.With the chimichanga and drink it comes out to under $11.Another worthy mention is that the ice in the ice machine is crushed ice... the good kind.When you tip them, the person at the register yells "Propina!"  and the rest of the crew answers "Gracias!"We frequent Bajios enough to where we know the servers and they are very friendly.
3	This is a fast food Mexican chain similar to Chipotle or Cafe Rio. The pork burrito ($5.41) I tried had a sweet taste to it. Not as good as the pork burrito at Cafe Rio, but not bad. The size of it was comparable to those other places. It's a decent little fast food place, but if I had to choose among the three, my favorite would still be Cafe Rio.2.5 Stars
4	Good food here!  My beef tacos were awesome a lot of flavor in the smoked beef.  The sweet rice was OK not really my favorite but i wanted to try something new.  Ill be back for sure.
