5	I ventured over to the new Choice Pet Market since it's a little closer than the one on Shea I normally visit. They are a smaller store so carry a limited selection compared to some of the other stores. But they WILL have anything you need delivered from another store so it's more convenient to pick up. The service was stellar and knowledge of pet foods and toys is very good. Choice Pet Market is my go-to staple for pet items in Phoenix. And some advice for non-frequent customers:1. Create an account.2. Bring in any receipts or ads for items you normally purchase elsewhere. They'll enter it in to your account and honor that price EVERY TIME. 3. Buy. Buy. Buy! Love this "choice" from the big box mix and the variety is excellent! Also, if you're brave enough... you can see your "spend" on your account. With coupons, for the year I am at over $1500. That means I really got an additional $200 or so in free items and price matching. It has saved sooo much time. Love this place!
4	The staff here is friendly and knowledgeable. They seem to know everything about every pet product they carry. Choice Pet Market only gets 4 stars because of their pricing. Most things they carry, I can find some where else for a cheaper price. For example, I was shopping dog strollers the other day. They were asking for $219 for a particular model. Online and at Petsmart, this stroller was only $129. However, I continue to shop here because of the staff and the conveinance.
5	Only visited once...  Nice store, friendly people, great location!  We shop most often at the Tatum and Shea location.  Check out our review of that store for more on our experience with Choice Pet Market in the Phoenix area!
5	I have always gone to the Shea location so I was happy to see there is one close to the Arcadia area. I went in there today, the stAff was very friendly and knowledgable about the products. My chihuahua Rosie eats all grain free food and treats, so they were able to suggest some awesome products. The best part, is if Rosie doesn't like the treats/food once opened, they will still give you your money back. I think that is amazing. They stand by their 4 legged friends. I will be back soon!
2	Again disappointed in this store.A few months ago I found myself in a pinch and needed to quickly pick up some pet food.I had gone to the pv store and purchased a few cans only to get home and find that the cans had expired.This time I went to the camelback location and found that 1 in 3 items (including frozen items) were way past the due date. Some had expired 2013.When shopping choice pet markets please check the expiration dates
5	As I was approaching this store I saw a sign on the door that says "We love puppies, that's why we don't sell them." I read further and there was an educated piece about puppy mills and breeders and how they prefer to support their local shelter. THAT alone deserves 5 stars. I've been there a few times when they have had adoptions and I shopped there as well and had wonderful experience.
5	Ridiculously friendly staff that has insight on different foods, supplements, treats to offer your four-legged friends --- the food prices are on par with big box stores but they offer frequent buyer programs and lots of coupons in the mail... (ask to sign up for the mailing list) Small, easy to get in and out and customer-centric --- I like the late hours, even on weekends (which is usually when I panic and realize I don't have enough dog food to get me through Monday, much less the week).I've found a few of the items (some toys etc) are cheaper elsewhere but if you're smart about it you can save a lot of money and it's my favorite pet food store in the area (and there are a lot of good ones around here).
