3	Along with nearby BS West, Club Forbidden is only one of two gay bars/clubs in Scottsdale.  Anderson's Fifth Estate was transformed into this gay club a short time after owner Tom Anderson settled a relatively high profile dispute with a transgender woman, whom he removed from the former club after complaints about her and other transgender individuals using the women's restroom.  It is unclear if this new club is a direct part of that settlement, or simply a result of Tom Anderson having some sort of epiphany during the negotiations, but I suppose it really doesn't matter.I'm going to be gentle with this review because the club is new and I think it will continue to get better as it finds and develops it's identity.  Club Forbidden was opened just prior to Burn Nightclub closing in Phoenix, so many regulars from Burn now come to dance at this club.  DJ Jeremy, who used to spin at Burn, now works here as well.Physically the club is the same as Anderson's.  It is split into two main rooms, one much bigger than the other.  I came here on both a friday and a Saturday, and on both nights the larger room was playing more mainstream dance and hip hop music, while the smaller room had what could be described as more electronica/circuit (what you may call "techno") dance music.  I enjoyed the music in the smaller room (where DJ Jeremy was spinning) but found the music a bit unpredictable and annoying in the larger room - where the DJ played everything from Timbaland to the B-52's.As far as the crowd, it was sparse and not very pretty on the two fridays that I came here.  However, things were much better on the Saturday night that I was here last weekend - relatively crowded and attractive.  Everyone seemed really friendly and social, with none of the attitude you'd obviously expect to see at many of the straight dance clubs in Scottsdale.  The attitude and look of the crowd was definitely the highlight of the club.The low-light of each evening was how long it took to get drinks.  It surprised me how long I had to wait each time, because the club actually has four bars in it.  But at each bar, the staff seemed to struggle to keep up with demand - even on the relatively uncrowded Fridays.  I think the management may still be uncertain how much they want to staff the club on each night, and the staff may still be training.Another critique I had was with the lighting.  It's a personal pet peeve of mine to hang out in a club and be blinded by cheap "Spencers Gifts" quality strobe lights and other lighting gimmicks, which was the case here.  Burn Nightclub actually suffered from the same problem, and I'm not sure why quality lighting systems are such a rare sight in the Phoenix area.There was no cover on any of the nights I went, and the drinks all seem to be low to moderately priced.  As all gay dance clubs, dress is casual.Overall I'd still recommend this club - unfortunately we as gay men in Arizona don't have very many options, and this place is as good as any of them.  Although lighting, music and bar efficiency could be easily improved to make this a four or five star night club destination.
3	I don't know how the gays do it.  When I say "it"  I mean wait through lines up to 100 deep amidst the stench of foul sewage emanating from the Scottsdale canal. Luckily when I came here last week I found my friends waiting for me near the front of the line.  Other than that, it was kind of a meh sort of time here.  Long line out front led to long lines for drinks inside.  No big deal. It seems the huge crowd here at the former Anderson's Fifth Estate, were mostly the circuitey types you would see at Burn and Amsterdam.I actually liked the half club /half lounge space itself, save for the leopard print pattern I saw here and there.  It was a cross of the decor you would see Amsterdam or Burn, but more tacky.The music left a bit to be desired.  The main room spun top 40, Britney-ish whatever crap, and the side room played some electronic dance stuff.  I didn't care for either room nor the cookie-cutter crowd, and apparently neither did my friends so we scattered and headed back to Central Phoenix and inhaled the wonderfully smelling smoggy Phoenix air once we left the sewage cloud hanging over Forbidden and the canal. I liked Forbidden, but just wish A: It wasn't so damn stank,B: The music had more variety, but catering to the run-of-the-mill gays I realize that's not possible andC: It were closer to Central Phoenix.
2	OVERVIEW: I've been here 5 times with my friends from opening night through just 2 weeks ago and we all have yet to have a good time here.  Phoenix is in desperate need for a great gay dance bar.  Year after year Charlie's, a gay country western bar, wins "Best Dance Bar".  Unfortunately, Club Forbidden is apparently not up to the challenge - blown speakers, inconsistent drinks, poor parking, & a typically bitchy crowd makes this IKEA/Trading Spaces remake of a classic scottsdale dive bar, not worth the effort.MUSIC: Blown speakers when you first walk in the main entrance is the perfect indication of what you're in for: the music is always too loud.  What's worse is there is no place to get away from it and socialize with your friends unless you can handle choking on thick cigarette smoke on the small, noisy, overly crowded, parking lot patio.As mentioned in other reviews, the main room's DJ plays an iPod Shuffle style mixture of Top 40s music from the past 25 years with no logical flow.  The music in the smaller electronica room is much better and is more likely to instill that "OMG, I this mix is awesome, I want it!" emotion we have all experienced going to a great nightclub.  Unfortunately, like the main room, the music is too loud to enjoy here as well and ears are ringing after just a few moments.DRINKS: Drinks range from weak to mediocre.  Typically my drinks were barely 1 shot for an Absolut and Redbull served in a large glass.  I felt waterlogged before I could feel the slightest buzz.BOTTOM LINE: My friends and I REALLY want to like this bar (that's why we've gone back 4 more times) but it just can't compare to how good the late Boom and the late Crowbar (now DWNTWN) were.
3	Well, when you love The Cock as much as I do...Do you ever write things in a public forum and wonder if they will someday ruin your chances at a political career and break yo mamma's heart? So anyway, I went there the other night around 1:00 am. It was fun. Nothing crazy. Total meat market from what I could tell. Especially nearing the witching hour (If I used the phrase "witching hour" incorrectly there, don't be surprised. I have no idea what it means). I was sorta forced to participate in some sort of hip hop line dance thing where everyone knew all the moves but me. Pretty rad. All the bartenders and are shirtless and can't hear you over the music even if you're screaming and charge you $13 United States Currency for a well vodka soda and some other drink you didn't order. Club forbidden loses one star here because the lady bartenders are not topless. Can some one explain this to me from a business perspective? There are multiple rooms and an outdoor patio, which, when I was there, was far more crowded than the inside on a gay per square foot basis. Overall, if you're into the cock, or you're a woman and into the "special purposes" of other women, check this place out. What do you have to lose other than the love of baby Jesus and a bunch of people from the Midwest???
1	This place should be called tragic.  We lasted only one drink before we knew it was time to go and it was only midnight? The music was your run of the mill dance remixes and I was not feeling the crowd. The place misses the mark by a lot and you can feel it immediately. I was thinking about giving it a second chance the following night, but I listened to my intuition and ended up at Charlie's instead.....and I hate to say it, but it wasn't that much better either. Waaah...waaah...waaah.....
2	FORGOTTEN...  Nothing too memorable about the setting, music, or people there.  I went for the first time on a sat night with some friends.  It was pretty empty given the large space.As for the actual bar it had a Hip Hop section with tables and an open bar, a "techno/dance" room (void of any actual people), and an outdoor patio which was small and a bit crowded but housed all of the smokers for efficient second hand smoke intake.
3	I went to Forbidden on one of their new Wendsday nights a few months back. I liked it! The DJ was on it! Props props props on spinning the newest underground electro stuff. Me and my large group of friends were like, the only straight ones there but it was okay! This one guy showed us some pole dancing moves :)Also, the drinks were 75 cents?!! That's right, 75 cents!! I guzzled down so many vodka anythings it was disgusting! Also, I met some guys there who gave me hair advice and style blog recommendations, not bad :) My straight guy friends wanted to kill me for bringing them there, but I didn't care, all us girls had a blast!! We were on the stage getting tought how to "shake it" and boy can those boys "shake it" lol. As for some people saying it's not really Scottsdale pretty ect, who cares, it's 75 cent drinks that night. Heck, I'd party in a tent with folding chairs and a disco light up ball for 75 cent drinks :)
1	This place should not be used in the same sentence as a gay bar/club. Boring music, lame, tired old crowd/workers... Forgotten is right as you shall forget about this place if your gay and fabulous.....
2	Club Forbidden is still open on Thursdays as a gay dance club. 18+ and 21+ to drink with a wristband. It's mostly freshly turned 18 year olds, but at least there's liquor. Great if you don't want to drive all the way to Phoenix for Charlies, or Amsterdams. The music is good, and the DJ's always place requests!
