3	I was surprised to hear that Korean restaurants existed in Vegas, and shocked to hear that there was even a small community (albeit small) of Korean people living there. Since then I have seen them, large cheap lots that need some cheering up, possibly lack of customers or really they're much bigger than they need to be (hey you gotta have goals), I've seen many restaurants pop up in various places in southern California like these that sadly come and go.But this one is nice and bright, a small take-out type place with a few tables if you want waiter service. For Las Vegas tourists who know nothing of Korean food and locals who know nothing of Korean food as well, the menu is simple yet retains authentic flavor and uses of ingredients. For Las Vegas it was surprisingly good, and it is doing well for being in a relatively newly developed area. I would like to see more items on the menu but for its own purposes it keeps its customers happy. Maybe in a year or so they will expand beyond rice combinations (bulk of the menu, with few other dishes). I would like the cold noodle ones please, Vegas heat kills me.
4	Jun's was a surprise to me. I had not known of any decent Korean places that would serve bbq for a good price. It was a breath of fresh air to know that there is one nearby my place (although, they are going to open one off of Eastern called Tiger Grill very soon near Richmar/Eastern). Jun's is more of a fast food Korean place. My friend and I knew that it should be good, since there were local Koreans (elder ones especially!) eating there. I ordered June's Special which included Kal-bi (BBQ Beef Rib), BBQ Chicken, BBQ Beef (Bulgogi), Meat Jun (Battered Beef), and the Man doo (fried dumpling). Generous portions! It was a lot for $10.95. You can even request the meal with brown rice for no extra charge, and it even comes with a salad to balance all that meat! In addition to the meal, if you eat in, you can get a few sides like kimchi, spicy cucumbers, bean sprouts, and even that cold potato stuff. I have yet to try their Spicy Tofu soup, the Bi Bim Bob, and the Jap Che! They even make sushi there, but I don't know if I would recommend it...If you're craving for fast Korean bbq, you have to try Jun's! You will not be disappointed! (Btw, June's special is the highest price thing on the menu (next to Jun's Special Roll)! You can get combo plates with 2 meats like BBQ beef or Kal-bi for $8.95 or 3 meats for $9.95).
4	I love their food! It reminds me of back in Korea minus the overly crowded small space. The Gimbap is a bit different, made with bulgogi instead of Spam (way better!). The people are friendly, the Kimchee is good and I can get brown rice instead of white!
3	Very, very nice and customer friendly owners gets this place 3 stars, but on food alone I give it 1.5 stars.  Though it's nice to have a Korean place so close by, Jun's House food isn't what real Korean food should taste like.  First, shitake mushrooms should be reserved for just a few dishes since they're so pungent.  However, Jun's seems to place it in many dishes (including the yuk-hae-jang, or beef and veggie soup) which is a big big BIG mistake.  Instead of a spicy, savory soup, all you taste is shitake mushrooms.  The banchan (side dishes) are subpar as well, esp. the kimchi (bland and sad).  And don't get me started on the kimchi soup.  Using "raw" kimchi in kimchi soup is unheard of...I had no idea why it was so strangely sweet until I called my mother to ask.  And lettuce in the bibimbap?  Just weird.  But the BBQ is decent so if that's what you're looking for, Jun's shouldn't disappoint.  Jun's food made me grumpy and now I'm grumpier because I'm posting my first negative review.  Thanks a lot, Jun's house.
4	05.11.08: Well its more of a 3.5 stars if anything. I came here with my family. My sister and her boyfriend was craving for some hawaiian food. And supposedly there's this dish you can only get in hawaii and only Juns a Korean place has it. Who would have thought.So we drove for awhile looking for this place. Its inside a plaza and the place was small. The side dishes were cool. Nothing to wow about. I really liked my moms chicken dish. I ordered the same dish as my sister and her boyfriend..Forgot what it was called..meatjun or something..Anyways it was alright tasted like eggs with meat. ha ha..I will come here again just to stray away from the vegas strip food..
2	I was deciding on whether to give this one or two stars.  The service was pretty friendly, but not always there because all the waiters and cooks were sitting and chatting.  The place looked like it was some quick fast food joint before.  Now for the food.  This was probably the one of the worst Korean foods I've eaten in Las Vegas.  I didn't try the Hawaiian food or the Sushi so I can't comment on that.  I very rarely give out a really bad rating.  However, the food didn't taste authentic at all.  The banchan didn't taste right, all of them.  Kimchi is different since people have a different preference on how sour or fresh they like it.  However, the other side dishes just did not satisfy me.   The Soon Tofu was bland with a lot of spices.  The Mandoo Guk (Dumpling soup) didn't have any seasoning.   I'm pretty lenient on Korean food in Las Vegas, but this isn't one I could be lenient on.  It's a shame though.  I did hope for the best since there are no Korean places in Henderson, that is, until the one in Richmar and Eastern opens up.
2	1 stars or 2... that is the question.  I'm not quite mean enough, and I didn't immediately want to stop eating it enough to give it 1 star.My husband and I are from the South Bay in SF Bay Area where there is a large Korean population, and he was stationed in Korea for a year or so, so we've had great Korean food.We moved here a month ago and haven't had Korean since, so we thought we'd try this place based on the Yelp reviews.  I almost wish we hadn't.I had "Jun's Special" which included Bulgogi, Kal-bi, Chicken, and Meat Jun (?), along with the 4 included sides; seasoned bean sprouts (which normally I love!), some sort of potato, rice, and kimchi.The bulgogi was ok, nothing spectacular, but the chicken and meat jun weren't good.  The bean sprouts weren't very fresh either.I can say at least we tried and we'll continue looking for a good Korean restaurant near by.
3	Chinatown is too far sometimes for lunch and this is ten minutes down the street with traffic.  For that alone it's the best korean food in the world when I'm craving kimchee and I have thirty minutes before I have to go back to work.The best in vegas it ain't but, satisfying, cheap, and filling it is.8 dollars get you bi bim bop and side dishes (banchan).  If you only have one chance to eat korean food then I wouldn't choose this place.If you had one chance and thirty minutes.  It's great.
4	A great place for Korean food in Henderson of all places! The menu has a nice cross section of Korean fare and should suit beginners to advanced Korean appetites. Nothing fancy, just good ole Korean homestyle cooking. Try the Bulgogi or Bibimbop. Friendly service and overall pretty decent cooking. The prices are EXTREMELY resonable too. If don't have a Korean friend and don't know what to order, ask for advice. I am sure they will fix you right up.I can't give it  5 stars, because it isn't exactly like mother used to make. ;-)
3	This is a fine mom and pop Korean restaurant.  The food is average with some dishes better than others.  I really enjoy the dduk mandoo gook, which is a dumpling and rice-cake soup...it tastes similar to mom's but obviously no one does it better than she does :)  The bibimbap is pretty good as well and they give you plenty of red chile "sauce" to mix into it.  I'm not a big fan of their bbq items which I've found to be rather fatty/greasy.The prices are significantly higher than I'm used to pay for Korean food, but I understand how difficult it must be to get all the necessary ingredients out here in the desert so I don't complain about it too much.Overall, it's a nice place to visit when you're craving Korean food, but it's nothing overly special.  (I do agree, however, that the owners/servers are all very friendly and are happy to help non-Koreans navigate the menu).
3	I found this place while exploring my neighborhood. I live around Henderson and was craving some good quick and cheap food. I stumbled upon this as I saw a Cuban restaurant that seemed like it looked pretty good, I instead saw this big huge Korean symbol and looked at it and went here instead of the Cuban restaurant. It was like any typical fast food teriyaki joint. The tables are sparse and the decor is lame. I didn't expect too much. I sat down and ordered their combination platter which included kalbi, chicken, fried pork, bulgogi, dumplings and rice. The side dishes were, of course, complimentary with the meal like any traditional Korean restaurant. The kimchee was good but I had better. Their food was decent and not amazing by any means but for a quick Korean meal and for a good price I would recommend trying it because it is decent for the price. I didn't have to travel to Chinatown to get it either. It will definitely be my choice if I want something super quick and not looking to spend a whole lot of money.
4	Totally a family-owned place.  It's a small, clean restaurant in a strip mall.  I've been here about 5 times now, and it's always the same two people I see working it, so I guess they're the owners.  Two main things to get here are the Meat Jun and the Korean Pancake.  They're just to die for!The Meat Jun is thinly sliced beef covered with egg that was marinated in some sauce that was very flavorful.  I really like it, get it every time.  The other thing is the Korean pancake, which is this thick, savory, egg-like combination of several different kinds of seafood.  It's wonderful, and is definitely good for two people, which is good because it costs $9.95!  Their banchan is also pretty good, if not amazingly spectacular.  Their kimchee is good, as it should be for a Korean cornerstone, but the spicy tofu is great, and by far the best of the bunch(an) is the fish cakes!  They're thin slices of fried fish cake with sliced peppers and jalapenos.  I never leave without buying a box of them to go.  If they don't give you the fish cakes automatically, just ask, they'll be more than happy to give you a few.They have sushi here, too, but I can't really say much good about it, except the Korean roll.  The others are basic rolls that you can actually find better elsewhere.    Check it out!  It's good to see that small mom and pop places still exist out there.
4	My teens love going here for their teriyaki fix and soft drinks. They both enjoy it. I prefer the meat dishes with the side veggies and kimchee. Very reasonable prices and service. You cannot expect restaurant decor in a casual setting; this is very casual and it is expected with the prices that are given. Very tasty Korean food!
5	*drool* I love how they have sides for dayssssssssss!!! I suggest you EAT IN because you can get endless amounts of sides. The pickled veggies, kim chee, spicy diakon. Mmmmm, my mouth is watering as I yelp.They have a great stone pot bi bim bop. (snap crackle pop lol I couldn't resist) which is veggies, beef, and crispy rice....yummm, textures galore equals party in my mouth.Also, yumm @ Jun's is their meat chun which is thin slices of beef that are egg battered and fried. It's dipped in a sauce similar to ponzu. Ugggh, I'm getting hungry!!! It's definitely the best kbbq (Korean bbq) spot I've samps here in Vegas.Ttyl. I need a Jun's kbbq fix.
2	The food is a sold 2 stars.  It's not horrible, but it's not exactly good.  The banchan is a solid 3.  The potatoes, bean sprouts, and cucumbers were good.  The kimchi stole the show and was by far the best item I had. My veggie and beef soup was just okay.  Maybe I should have gotten something else.  Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad... but it wasn't great.The service was about a 3.  The woman was actually friendly in a stand offish kind of way.  With all of this said, this is the best Korean place I have been to so far in Vegas-- this is no K-town in LA or even Buena Park in OC.  That much is certain.
4	Absolutely delicious! I can't pretend to know what I'm talking about when it comes to Korean food, but I loved what I ate. I picked a combination plate of Bulgogi and Meat Chun. As I was eating it, I didn't even know which was which, but it all goes down the same hole! I will definitely be back for more.
4	I haven't eaten at Jun's in forever! I just ate here last week for lunch. I got the soondubujigae (soft tofu stew.) It was very tasty and spicy. It had a lot of the soft tofu, with some beef  and veggies. Not sure if it was a good idea to eat that on a day that 110 degrees, but it was worth it. The banchans we received were shoyu potato, cucumber and cabbage kimchee, and bean sprouts. The wonbok kimchee was very delicious and fresh.I've eaten their meat jun and bbq chicken in the past when they had a booth at an event. Ah, those are mediocre. Nothing spectacular. They have a little section in the front where you can choose your banchans. You can also get them to-go if you want. Not sure if they are sold by the pound or what.
4	After my debacle with Seoul Oak, I have been craving GOOD Korean food.Since Jun's is close to my office, it was pretty much a no-brainer.  It was easier picking the lunch spot than it was to pick what to eat.  Kalbi?  Meat Jun?  Damn it, they need to make this place all you can eat!  I settled on the spicy pork, for which I was in desperate need of a fix.  And I was not disappointed.  I love that sweet flavor right before the spicy kicks me in the mouth and leaves my lips burning.  Ah...the joy.  Jun's, see you tomorrow...after I cool my mouth off.
5	This is one of my favorite Korean restaurants to eat at.  I really love my Dong Yang from Hawaii, But since I live here this will do just fine.I'm a huge fan of meat jun. I've been eating that since I was like 5 yrs old. To me, the meat jun has to be cooked well which in most cases other restaurants do. But what really make the meat jun is the sauce. If the sauce is good, then I'm there and this place has it. They also have delicious side trays. Their homemade salad dressing is very good. They also have good bulgogi. If you want spicy...they have spicy. mmmmmmm.......now I'm hungry. lol
4	Surprisingly good Korean food for a small neighborhood place. They are just seconds from my house so I go in every few weeks for some take out. Everything I have ever eaten here has been great. The Galbi is excellent. All of the sides are fresh and tasty, and they vary from time to time so you can try different things if you go more than once. They even sell them in large jars if you want to stock up for the winter. The kimchi jigae is also great. Hot and Spicy just the way I like it. Even better when you have a terrible cold. The best Korean food I am aware of in Henderson. Yummy....... Think I'm headed over there right now.......Bye.
4	Don't be turned off by the location and all the empty suites in the area. This is a very good restaurant without the glitz & glam and over priced menu.  I had the Kalbi with brown rice and it was so flavorful! It was juicy from the perfect marinade. You get three pieces for $6.99 plus the typical banchan. Eat the meat fast though. I noticed that as I got to the last piece of Kalbi, it wasn't as juicy and tasty because it was cold. Great value for the price.
5	I have been eating at Jun's at least once a week for 6 months now and have never had a bad meal, not even a marginal meal. I have tried their soups, chicken, Bul Golgi, Kalbi, and their combo #1. I am now hooked on the #1. It is sooooooo good and priced great at $11.95.The side dishes are also outstanding. The service is always perfect as well. Please give them a try!
4	Jun's was my first take on traditional Korean BBQ and it was delicious! A good friend of mine wanted to take me for lunch and recommended that I try the sampler of all the wonderful menu items Jun's has to offer (minus the fish).The service and the food were all top notch and for the $11.95 price it was so filling. The spare ribs stood out by far as the best item and I cannot wait to return and try the fish.
4	went here for the first time a few months ago [when i lived in henderson]. first time ive ever had meat jun, and LOVED it!!! lightly breaded meat, and their meat jun sauce is perfect with rice, and of course the kimchee, cucumbers and bean sprouts. went back again yesterday [probably the 4th time ive been in]. its a small restaurant, very "mom and pop", which i like. they have a fairly simple menu, but they do it well. ive had the bi bim bop, meat jun [absolute favorite dish], spicy seafood soup, kalbi, spicy pork...ive enjoyed everything ive tried there.the kimchee is a little spicy for my taste, but i cant stop eating it! the bean sprouts are my favorite side there. theyre simple, but so flavorful! service is always great there, and i will definitely be back when im craving that meat jun!!!
4	Let me just say that this is the closest thing I've ever tasted to Yummy's Korean BBQ back home in Hawaii.  The BBQ is awesome and so is the meat jun.  (*Side note: Don't get the soups, not unless you like the just freshly killed beefy flavor.*) My favorite dish when coming here is the meat jun, it is by far the best meat jun I've had in Vegas....well, granted I haven't had any other meat jun's out here.I love the workers here, they are nothing but nice and at times more than generous with their portions when you're doing take out. (*Another side note: Don't dine in, they give way smaller portions as oppose to take out*)Other than that, I get this at least twice a week.  It's very NOM NOM DELICIOUS!
2	I went to Jun's with my sister, brother in law and the nephews. From what my brother in law said it was good. We stopped through and ordered the bulgogi, Meat Chun and Kalbi. The flavor of the bulgogi was ok, the Kalbi IMO was pretty good and the meat Chun was probably the worst I have had. My bro in law stated that the quality has gone down along with the portions. The only Korean BBQ I have had that I totally fell in love with was Soon's Korean BBQ in Hawaii off of Salt Lake Blvd. So this place I am comparing off of that. I am not that impressed with this place, although the service is good, the food isn't.
4	I likey!  Normally I go to the traditional Korean places in Sahara Commercial Center or near Chinatown. For a quick and easy place, this place is just right.Service - Very nice for a fast food place.Food - the Jun's Special with all sorts of meat is great.Kim Chee - they have plenty of selection and all decent.Bi Bim Bap - They have my favorite food besides the kalbi and bulgogi. It was nicely flavored.Price - Decent.Overall - OK, it cannot compare to the BBQ places that are more traditional, but this is for the money and for the location, a very goo place. I will go again!
4	I like this place. I live in Henderson, and whenever I feel the crave for meat jun, I come here. I can get in and out here. Sometimes I'm not in the mood to drive a half hour, wait for a sit down meal. When I'm really hungry I get impatient. So this is the perfect place for me when I'm cravin meat jun.It's Korean "fast food" island style, I always get their meat jun and kalbi combo. My sides are kimchee and bean sprouts. I always get my order to go, but if u dine in, u get unlimited sides served to you. :) which is awesome, but seems to be a common thing among Korean island style restaurants.
5	This place reminds me of the local Hawaiian Korean joints they have in Hawaii.  My all time favorite here is the Jun's Special that includes a sampling of  their main dishes in one to go plate.  As with other Korean places, you have your choice of four sides.   Their homemade kimchee is good balance of  spicy and tangy.  I've tried their homemade marinade too and it's tasty after soaking in an air tight container and firing up the grill.  Portions are pretty good. I like that you can have a choice of brown rice.  Oh, their Bi Bim Bop is another favorite of mine.  I've recommended Jun's tons of times before I was Yelper and would recommend them again.
4	great food, quick service, a very comfortable setting, i'd recommend to anyone in the area.
3	This is more like a fast food place than a restaurant; however, the service is pretty slow. Food is okay but on the pricey side. You can easily get the same if not better quality of Korean food in chinatown for a lower price.
4	Yay, I am a fan! This little spot has been consistent in providing fast, delicious Korean food. Typically I order Chop Chae which are pan fried noodles w/ vegetables & beef with a side of Kimchee.. with a drink it typically comes out to about $11 and the portion is HUGE. Usually my sister and I split it and still have some left over. Service is not bad or great,  professional and to the point  -- I really don't expect or require anything more from small joints such as this. Definitely recommend.
5	Jun's is my go to place for Korean food cravings. Big portions of good food at low prices. They have the best homemade fried mandoo with filling that's mostly meat, not all bean sprouts and cabbage. Since they're from Hawaii, its also one of the few places you can find meat jun - thinly sliced and marinated beef, egg battered and pan fried. I guess meat jun is a Hawaii born "Korean" dish, so its hard to find on the mainland. I usually get the 3 meat combo plate for $10 - choice of kalbi, bulgogi, spicy pork, meat jun, BBQ chicken or spicy chicken. If you eat there you get all of the banchan sides, with take out you get a choice of 3. Their kimchee is slightly sweet and pretty spicy. My fav sides are the fried tofu, shoyu potatoes, cucumber kimchee, bean sprouts and fried zucchini. They're open everyday and I've always had friendly service. Everything is cooked to order with just 1 cook, so it can be a little slow if they're busy. But nothing crazy.
3	I would say Jun's is not my favourite Korean place.It is just quick and the service is good. I go to this place because it is close to my house sobI don't have to go to China town or I want something quick. However,I still would recommend it to anyone who live in the area.
4	I'm from New York, so I have plenty of korean take out restaurants here, but visiting this "Hawaiian" style korean restaurant in Las Vegas gives a different spin on taste that definitely makes me want MORE! I think they know how to make someone super full, I'm always stuffed after eating half the food I ordered! I have tried the spicy chicken and spicy pork with white rice (you can also get brown rice as an alternative). With every dish, you also get to choose 4 korean side dishes, which range from kim chi, tofu, bean sprouts, spicy cucumbers, etc. I love the spicy chicken, and the spicy pork definitely makes me drink lots of water! This is a great take out place for lunch or dinner, and the wait time is about 10 minutes or less depending on how busy they are - but if you are on a time schedule, just call ahead for your order!
5	I always get the same thing. Meat jun. Yum!
5	i love this place because it's similiar to our Yummy's back home. the food is sooooo good! i always get the kalbi and meat jun combo. but i can never decide on the side veggies you get to choose, as i want all of them. i highly recommend this place! i consider it my hole-in-wall place.
1	changed owner? It was great but now xxxxxxx
1	I hate to write a bad review on a "Mom & Pop" store, but this experience got me so upset that I'm taking 15 minutes out of my night to make sure that it doesn't happen to you!I was craving Korean food but didn't want to haul my butt all the way to Las Vegas since I live in Henderson.  (Next time, I will!)  I recall eating at Jun's Korean Restaurant a year ago and the bulgogi and spicy squid were decent.  Since my mom wanted to eat some spicy squid too but didn't want to dine out, I decided to order "Take Out" -- which was a HUGE mistake!  So, I ordered bulgogi for my son, spicy squid for mom and spicy soft tofu soup with beef for moi.  When I ordered over the phone, the lady never took my name.  I thought that was odd so I said, "Don't you need my name?"  She said, "That's ok. We have your phone number" -- Caller ID, I suppose that's what she meant.  When I got there, there was only 1 customer in the store.   I went up to the counter and said I have a "to go order."  I literally repeated my whole order to her since she had a blank look on her face.  Suddenly, the light bulb went off and she reached out to two bags and gave me the total amount to pay...$30+.  Since the place was pretty dead and there were only one other togo bag, I made the mistake of NOT DOUBLE CHECKING my order, tipped her a couple of bucks and left.  When I got to Mom's, you can only imagine how baffled I was to find "Spicy pork saute with kimchee and tofu".  Huh?!  Where's the squid?!  I was pissed 'cause I was so looking forward to that for Mom so I made a phone call to Jun's.  The same lady answered the phone and she basically argued with me that I ordered the kimchee pork and she knows nothing about the squid. Wow!  She didn't even apologize or try to make amends -- and I knew I was wasting my time so I just hung up.  Mom was disappointed but we gave the "new" dish a try since we were hungry.  If you like pork and kimchee, I guess you'll like the dish.  We just prefer our kimchee as a "side" dish -- not an entree, thank you very much.  Sad to say, the soup was horrible!  It was bland... it tasted like kim chee water ... not kidding!  The tofu was the only thing that was edible.  The menu said "soft tofu with beef and vegetable" ... um,... "Where's the Beef?!"  The better description would be: "soft tofu with a strand of beef and kim chee and we just pour water over the kim chee and call it soup".  To make the night worse, after my 3rd bite, I looked closer and WTF?!!  Am I seeing a strand of hair?!  (YEP!  It sure is!  GROSS!!!!!!)  I was no longer hungry and decided that I'll boycott this place!    Needless to say, Mom and I were sadly disappointed by Jun's.  The One Star given is because my son ate the bulgogi.  I asked him if he enjoyed the dish and he said, "There's no hair in mine.  It's definitely better than yours and grandma's!"  Haha!  He's a funny kid!I guess there'll be NO "next time" here.  If I have a craving for Korean food in the future, I'll make the drive to Spring Mountain.  This experience totally ruined it for me!  Sorry Jun!
5	Jun's is my favorite go to Korean restaurant.  I've been coming here for years and always receive excellent service and eat some very delicious food.I usually order the spicy grilled chicken, my favorite, which is served with rice and a tasty salad.  If I'm feeling like I need a little more variety then I'd upgrade to the 2 or 3 choice where one of the choices are always the spicy chicken or even go with the Jun's Special which include kalbi, bulgogi, chicken, meat chun, and mandoo.  They'll also serve a variety of sides from kimchee cabbage, kimchee cucumber, some kind of potatoes, sprouts, etc.  Whenever I'm here with a large group it seem's like the sides are unlimited because they also refill the bowls, don't know how it is dining solo or with 2 or 3 people. I also have ahi poke and Hawaiian can drinks.Prices aren't that bad. And they could probably seat around 20-30 people.  There has been some times where we takeup all or almost of the space. They're always cool with separating bills and with usually no problems.There's lots of parking.
4	This place is pretty solid. Very good stone pot bi bim bap.
4	I found this place on Yelp and prior to this experience I have never had Korean food. I really enjoyed the food and will definitely add it the list of my favorites. However, I do disagree with the way they take sit-down orders (explained below). The inside of the restaurant isn't that big and since it looked more like a bistro type of place with a big menu on the wall above the register, we walked up to the register to place our orders. When it was our time, finally, she told us if we wanted to dine in, we can go and sit down, so we did. The problem was though, that they only had one person for everything: answering the phone, taking the to-go orders and serving. So it took another 10 minutes until she came up to us, because she took a ton of other to-go orders, until she finally came to take ours. I think it would be easier if they would let you order your food at the register, pay for it, and then go sit down, or at least have a separate server.  Anyway, we ordered the Hawaiian style tuna poke and the combination plate with 3 choices of meat. We got the spicy chicken, chicken katsu, and the bulgogi. They all came with a good portion of rice and some small portions of assorted vegetables and salads. The ahi tuna was very fresh, but the portion was almost bite size for $7. The 3 choices of meats we had, were all very fresh and good spiced. I really enjoyed all of them. Yesterday, I also found out that they have another location in North Las Vegas, closer to where we live. I'm very excited, since the food was really worth going back.
4	Without a doubt, my favorite Korean BBQ Joint.  I've been to Chinatown and visited other authentic places, but nothing compares to Jun's in my book.  Today, I came to Jun's to pick up some grub on the way home.  Here's what I got today and what I usually get when I visit:BBQ Chicken and Kalbi combo, with a drink for $12.65- The chicken is boneless thigh meat, my fav, prefectly marinated and grilled.  The Kalbi is also perfectly marinated.  I  got about three healthy pieces of chicken and one piece of Kalbi.  Although they have many sides to choose from, I usually get the shoyu potatoes which are super flavorful and has a pleasant sweetness to it, as well as the bean sprouts, primarily because it offers a wonderful texture which I enjoy.  Great for takeout or dine in.Stone Pot Bi Bim Bop (Dol Sot-please don't kill me if I misspelled it) for $9.95- Now this dish can only be enjoyed through dine in because of the stone pot it comes in.  There's a ton of shredded veggies, beef, egg and rice.  When it comes to the table, I wait for five minutes as the sizzling pot crisps up the rice, then I got to town!  I start by mixing everything together, crack the yolk and let the egg cook more on the pot.  I finish the mixed bowl with sriracha and soy sauce.  I can't get enough of this and will keep coming back just because of this dish alone!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!The place is super small.  I find myself playing a guessing game whether or not we'll have a table open for us when we visit.  I think because of the location, it's super convenient for me and the wait time isn't very long.  Being from Hawaii, I feel this place really attracts a lot Hawaiian transplants.  They sell Hawaiian Sun drinks and above all, there's a lot of the Aloha spirit.  Trust me when I say, it's definitely worth going back!
4	I don't know much about Korean food, so I don't know if it is authentic, but I know that I like it!!! those little brown potatoes are just to die for ;-) plus the people working there are such nice ladies!!
3	I want to give them a higher rating but really can't. Compared to some of the other Korean places around town (ie Mr tofu, Soyo, Djk) it just doesn't hold up. Yay for it being much much closer to me then the others. . . But honestly I'd still make the drive to Chinatown for the yumminess that is Mr tofu's sundubu. I found the kimchee to be a bit more sour then what I like, and the soup reflected that as well. The servers are nice enough, although we did wait a while for our bill after we were done eating, despite being the only people in the restaurant. I'll go back there, but only if making the drive to the other places isnt possible
4	A pretty good Korean take out place in Henderson I must say!  I ordered the combo (of course).  I mean why not?  You get to try more of the food they have and talk about it!  I was impressed!  Good Kalbi, Good BBQ chicken, and they even serve meat jun here!  That day I also wanted soup...I got the yook gae jang, which is a spicy beef soup, which was pretty good, but I have had better at other places.  If you're from Hawaii and is looking for take out Korean BBQ like they have EVERYWHERE on the islands, this place is a great place to stop at if you are in the Henderson location! I'll definitely be coming back here!
4	For being down the street from my house, I tend to forget about Jun's when the Korean mood strikes. I am not sure why, but this whole complex tends to be a blackout zone on my radar. When I walked in around 11:30am, all the employees were having lunch before everyone came. I sat down at a table and was quickly greeted and asked about something to drink. After a minute, my server was back with my water and took my order. Since it was my first time here, I wanted to try as much as possible without going overboard. Instead of ordering an insane amount of food,rI ordered the Jun's Special. Consisting of bulgogi, kalbi, chicken, meat jun, rice, salad, and a fried dumpling, it was enough of a taste. It was pretty standard fare. I subbed out the white rice with brown for an extra $.50. It was dry and could have been cooked with more water. The meat jun and kalbi were my favorite. The mandoo was very crisp and the filling was predominately meat. It was not just a bunch of veggies and noodles like other places. The spices inside was spot on. I might just order a plate of this the next time I go. For $11.95, it is a diverse taste of their meat offerings. I am excited about the cold buckwheat noodles. They start serving that from June to September.
5	The food was really good here.  I got the 3 item combo (meat jun, kalbi, and spicy chicken).  We dined in so we had a combo of sides that they have up front.  They had no problem with refilling any of the sides if you ask. The service was good.  The waiter checked up on us enough and made sure our cups were filled with water.
4	I like this place. It's good. Almost as good as my moms cookin. You have your typical array of meats to choose from and fresh vegetable side dishes to accompany your meal. Besides your typical meat entrees, they also have specialities such as dduk mandoo kook (loosely rice cake and dumpling soup), spicy beef soup, tofu soup, seafood pancake, and a few other goodies. Today I'm having dduk mandoo kook. Yummy!!! Stop by for some good Korean food when you're in town.
2	i'm surprised this place has such good reviews, but then again. it looks like most of these 5 star reviews weren't written by koreans.we came here for lunch and were very disappointed. the chap chae was extremely greasy (my sister was actually blotting at the noodles w/ her napkin to try to salvage the dish). the bibim naeng myun was so overcooked, the noodles were chewy and all clumped together. the pajeon was undercooked on one side and burnt on the other. my favorite part of the meal was the mochi ice cream, which probably came straight from trader joe's. from the other reviews, it looks like people like the meat jun (which no one in my group ordered). so if you do come here, maybe stick w/ the hawaiian dishes. definitely go somewhere else (like soyo!) if you want to eat good korean.
5	I'm Korean and have grown up with the food but I have to admit to not being able to cook it very well so when I need a fix I come to Jun's.  Living in Henderson there really aren't too many great Korean choices but I'm glad to have stumbled into Jun's one day after a movie two years ago and I have been coming here ever since.  They offer all the classic Korean bbq choices such as marinated chicken, spicy pork and marinated sliced beef known as bulgogi.  Always go for the three item meat combo and try all of the different meats to find your favorites, none of them are bad so its just a matter of your preferences.  For those wanting more authentic Korean food they offer a wide range of soups and rice dishes.  My favorite is the stone pot bim bim bap.  Its basically rice served in a heated stone pot that sizzles the rice and its topped with bulgogi and various vegetables making this a healthy and delicious dish.All meals come with a variety of side dishes such as kimchi and sprouts and they are very fresh and have a good flavor.  I recommend Jun's to everyone because you can find something for even the pickiest eater.  I have a friend that hates Asian food but loves Jun's because of the bbq meats and another friend loves to get a California roll and pot stickers so bring everyone down and judge for yourself and I bet you won't be disappointed!
5	I have no complaints about Jun's their food is well worth the price. My favorite is the Dolsot Bimbimbap. I also enjoyed their Spicy Beef Tofu Soup. Their banchan is tasty. The service is very attentive. They would come to refill our waters and clear our plates frequently. The place is pretty empty most of the time, but there were a lot of people dropping by to pick up food rather than dining in. :)
2	I really wanted to give them a good review based on the facts that so many yelpers love them but I just couldn't get myself to do it.  After the first bite of their seafood pancake, I knew my expectations were too high for this place.  The pancake was bland and it tasted more like an egg fooyoung (sp?) than a korean pancake.  It was soooo thick!  I also ordered their beef sondoobu but they gave me the yook kae jang instead.  Again, very bland with lots of spice (I liked the spice).  I'll stick to my regular korean spot on the southwest side and chinatown.
5	My favorite Korean restaurant!!
4	It was my first time trying Korean food.  My daughter-in-law had heard about this place through a friend, so we decided to give it a try.  It's not a fancy restaurant, but it was clean and had plenty of tables available.  We were greeted quickly by a friendly woman, and our drink orders were taken right away.  The menu wasn't very descriptive, so I felt that I would be taking my chances no matter what I ordered.  I went with the spicy pork bowl..... not knowing what to expect.  When it first arrived to my table I was worried that it was going to be too spicy for me.  But it wasn't.  It was perfect!   Good quality pieces of pork, with onion, on top of a bed of rice.  Plenty of it, too.  I couldn't tell ya what my daughter-in-law had, but she enjoyed it and ate all of it.  We would definitely eat here again.
4	First time trying Korean and it was better then I expected. Menu isn't very descriptive but you can't go wrong with beef and rice. it was very good and they give you sides like kimchee and 3 other things I really don't know of. Would definitely come here again.
4	Love everything I've eaten here.
5	Very good food, smaller portions, but less is definitely more, because the quality of the ingredients is what makes up for the size, but then again you will not come out hungry. Very clean.The service is great and family-like, the price was right and everyone loved it:From my eat-everything-super-spicy husband who ordered the pork with tofu and kimchee, to my picky 10 year old who ordered the spicy chicken.
4	My go to place when I'm not in the mood to cook my own korean bbq.  The food here is pretty consistent.  I like the fact that you can order your meal with brown rice (healthy option) and they will refill your banchan (side dishes) if you ask the ladies behind the counter.
4	In the mood for what I call fast food Korean, then Jun's is your place.  I consider Jun's fast food not because their food is like your typical FF Restaurant, but because you get your food fast here.  I've seen a few Jun's around Las Vegas.  This one is the only one that I've ever been to.  My visits here are normally with a friend of mine that lives in the area.  She always prefers eating here or Saigon 8 (across the street).  On my most recent visit, she wanted Pho and I wanted something with a little more protein.  Jun's ended up being our pick.  Everything at Jun's is portioned pretty good and the prices are great.  There's something for everyone here, but admit that some of the food can be greasy.  I only get one thing whenever I go here and that's their BBQ Chicken.  They serve it with 2 decently sized pieces, but I still requested for a double order since I knew I wasn't eating for another 4 hours.  Not my favorite BBQ Chicken, but still satisfying enough for me to come back.   The food is good, priced right (actually cheap), and fast.  Parking is never an issue and during lunch they can get busy.  Not to worry, it doesn't get too loud and your food is served quick enough during the busy period times.
5	Love love love this place!!! Best fast Korean food EVER!!!
3	Went today for the first time and it's not bad! There are better Korean restaurants out there in my opinion, but that doesn't mean I wouldn't come back here! I ordered the Jun Special Combo because I wanted to be able to try a little bit of everything and it was quite good. My uncle got the bimbimbap and that was delicious! My cousin got the meat jun.  All the food was good, not spectacular, but good :) The service was kinda ehhh haha She got us our drinks and took our orders, but she rarely checked on us and even though the restaurant is small it was kinda hard to flag her down to get our check. The water tasted kinda funny too in my opinion. I think my favorite thing is that you can order the side dishes in cartons to go! I will definitely be going back to get a small container of bean sprouts, my fav! All in all, worth a try and the prices aren't bad!
4	Very solid middle of the road Korean choice (though I don't eat meat, so I can only comment on the seafood and vegetarian choices).  Very much liked the value and the moderate spicyness of the seafood soup.  Sides were solid (I tried the radish and the spicy cucumber).  Probably best to call ahead or eat in the restaurant.  I spent 10.70 for my soup which came with two sides and a mound of sticky rice - a ton of food.  Check it out - Eastern just north of the 215, tons of parking.  Not particularly ascetically pleasing, but its quiet and clean inside.
5	The Korean food is as good and as authentic as what I ate when living in Korea.  I ate the PI PIM PAP last night and had the Squid casserole (OCHINGO POGUM) for lunch today.  Both were excellent.  It is a small restaurant with only 6 tables and a take out bar. While the ambiance was more take out than sit-down, the service was excellent both times.  I highly recommend this place for good Korean food.
4	I come here too often. No need for a detailed review as you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Quality of food here is amazing, not to mention at a really great price!
3	Korean BBQ as it is back in Hawaii. It's as simple as that. Good choices and good tasting meals.
4	Came in before catching a plane back home. I got the impression this is family run BC there's pictures of the kids at the front counter - it's always great to support local small businesses.I sat at a table and the waitress/ owner took my order. I selected the Kalbi combo at $10.95 The meal included steam rice, banchan and salad. Plenty of food to fill up and was totally satisfied with the quality of the beef ribs, sides and banchan. Jun's house reminds me of a fast food joint but offers authentic Korean food at reasonable prices. I'll be returning here again for sure..
5	The blugogi and spicy squid are my personal favorites here.  You really can't go wrong with this Korean comfort food.  The staff is always friendly, courteous, and attentive.  I love it here.
4	Best Korean food on this side of town (Though there aren't really any others in this area). I usually go with a regular dish like Kimchi Fried Rice or Bibimbap because both do a moderate job at filling me up. The banchan is always good, different at times but they always have my Shoyu potatoes so its all good.Have been coming for years and plan to keep coming.
4	Good eats! A nice little diner with all your Korean favorites! Everything is very reasonably priced too. I got the stone pot which was delicious. A scorching hot stone pot to keep your rice hot throughout the meal. Comes with veggies, an egg, and bulgogi - which I pretty much really thinly sliced marinated beef. I love getting the stone pot because if you leave the rice undistrubed for maybe 5 mins, it becomes burnt and very crispy which adds a nice crunch to the meal. My one critique could be that I wish the bulgogi was more flavored, however there was so much going on in my stone pot that my mouth was exploding with different spices. Another nice thing is that you can buy all the little side dishes or kimchi togo. So you can just stop in and stock up for home.
5	5 stars just because they have Meat Jun! or Meat Chun is what they call it. Who cares, I don't have to wait until the next time I go to Hawaii to eat it! I'm ecstatic that we have some good Meat Jun in Vegas! Yeeeee!Ordering out during the rush lunch hour is your best bet. Or if you come in before 11:30am, you will get your food much quicker than coming in at 12 noon where it might take 30-45 minutes to get your food because of all the people that dine in. Yup! It's popular folks!Since I've discovered this spot I've only come for the Meat Jun, haha, but I've tried my friends Chicken Katsu and boy was it fried to crisp perfection, and the sauce it comes with is super complimentary to the taste.Love this joint. Some day I will try the rest of the menu! Oh, and all of the sides; yum! Even their bean sprouts are bomb!
5	Absolutely the best Korean food I've had since leaving Hawaii! I usually get the Kabi but the other dishes are just as good.  Very friendly and professional service as well.
5	Ordered the Jun's special and it was one of the top 10 quick service restaurant meals of my life! I instantly was upset about not being Korean because I would have loved to have eaten like this ALL MY LIFE!
4	They have fried mandoo and the first place I found in all of Vegas Korean restaurants with NORI!!! I got the meat juhn Mmmmmmm
3	This was pretty good, but a little salty. I was expecting a regular Korean BBQ place but was surprised to find that they serve Korean BBQ fast food. Close to lots of places and right off the freeway, I'll probably go back.
4	Decided to give this place a try. This restaurant is in the shopping plaza on the same side as Lemongrass. When I first walked in, it had some weird odor and I instantly thought uh oh.. But I decided to stay. I ordered the seafood soup, kalbi and mackrel. It as surprisingly all tasty and They do give you the free side dishes. The waitress was polite. I would come back even if they still have that unpleasant smell.
4	Good Korean food outside of Chinatown!It's found in the shopping center with the Regal Colonnade 14 movie theater. From what my boyfriend has told me, many stores have come and gone in that area, but this restaurant still stands, so it must be good right?I ordered the stone pot bibimbap, which was really delicious! It comes with bulgogi, cucumbers, bean sprouts, mushrooms, rice and topped with an egg. The hot stone pot gives the very bottom layer of rice a crispy texture. The size of the bowl is bigger than some of the other Korean restaurants I've been to and cheaper as well.My boyfriend ordered Jun's special and my friend ordered the mandoo soup. Both agreed that their dishes were delicious. I'd definitely come back here to try the other dishes whenever I have a craving for Korean food and don't want to make the drive to Chinatown.
5	First time here didn't know what to order so I got the Jun's special and it was great It had a little bit of everythingWill definitely come back
3	I guess this is technically a "fast food" Korean joint, but it's not really fast food in the American definition of the term.  It's more like a little diner, but Korean.  We went in here for dinner and it was pretty empty.  On first impression, it is VERY clean.  They seat you and take your order.  The menu has everything you might want from a Korean BBQ place but it is all SO inexpensive.  We ordered the Stone Pot Bim Bim Bop based on a lot of other reviews, as well as Kalbi and spicy pork.  The Ban Shan was not as generous as I thought it would be.  We got 4 little bowls.  What I LOVED is that they serve the potatoes here, which I have rarely found at any other Korean restaurant.  The Kim Chi, though, was HORRIBLE.  It tasted like garbage, and I mean that literally.  My date, however, liked it and ate the whole thing.  I had to spit out my first bite. Anyway!  Other than the Kim Chi, all the food was about 4-stars.  The Bim Bim Bop was good but there wasn't enough meat in it.  The Kalbi had a lot of fat on it, but the flavor was great.  I'd definitely stop in here again to satisfy my Korean BBQ cravings, but I wouldn't say it was anything spectacular.  I do love how close it is to my house.
4	The ambiance is more 'fast food' and the meats are already cooked, but the food is good. We sampled the chop char noodles, chicken, and beef bulgogi. All were good, and the meat was lean enough to meet my standards. Portions are large, and prices are reasonable: $30 with tip for 2 dinners and 2 sodas.
5	I go a couple times a month and the spicy tofu soup is delicious!! The service is great and very welcoming!
1	Not sure how this place got such high marks. I ordered a 2 meat combo, bulgogi and spicy chicken. It was so salty it was not edible, I asked them for a replacement as I assumed it was a one time issue with the plate. Second plate came out and same thing. Not sure i understand how a korean restaurant can screw up the most basic of meals. Avoid..
4	Husbie and I went to visit our family in Las Vegas over the winter holiday, and being that we've been craving Hawaii-style Korean take-out for a while now, I took to Yelp to find something.  Luckily, I was able to find this Jun's place!!!FOOD - We ordered meat jun, soon doo boo ji gae (soft tofu soup), kalbi, fried man doo, and jap chae (long rice).  Kind of a lot of food for 3 people, but we're porkers!  Meat jun was spot-on, and came with the soy/vinegar sauce.  I did miss the spicy/sweet meat jun sauce like from Yummy's in Hawaii, but you can't get that everywhere!  Kalbi was well-marinated and cooked - enough char to give you that burned carmelization taste that's so good about kalbi, but not overcooked.  The surprise was the soup!  It was REALLY GOOD!!!  The broth was appropriately seasoned and had depth.  Fried mandoo was whatever, probably frozen, but still good.  Side dishes were good, but nothing memorable.  Jap chae was okay, but a bit greasy.  This is not authentic, traditional, from-mother-country Korean food.  It's a niche all of its own, and it's essentially a knock-off of Yummy's, Tasty's, etc those kinds of Korean take-out places in Hawaii!  If you haven't had the pleasure of eating this kind of food in HAWAII, you might miss the virtue of it when in Las Vegas.  It's kind of way to scratch the itch for us mainland transplanted Hawaii kids, but I can understand it probably doesn't do it for those of you who have never tried it before.  It's a decent substitute for the food back home :)AMBIANCE - very hole-in-the-wall diner feel.  Nothing special.  But clean and bright.SERVICE - we dined in and the service was pretty good for a Korean restaurant (I'm Korean, I can say this!).  The server/owner was attentive enough, and brought us all the things we asked for: extra napkins, beverages, containers, sauces, extra sides, etc.VALUE - I haven't actually eaten Hawaii style Korean food in a long time, but the prices here were definitely cheaper than what I remember Yummy's being when I left Honolulu in 2006.PARKING - ample parking outside!
5	I love this place, It seems hard to find a good korean place and I had just about given up in LV. I have not been disappointed with anything that they have brought us, this is just a great, clean, honest meal at a great price.
5	Wow, GREAT korean food at a completely reasonable price.  I will be coming back here again, probably every visit I make to relatives in Vegas.  Do not hesitate: GO NOW!
1	Had a bad experience! Ordered the spicy squid and turned out to have about 10% squid and 90% vegetables.  Approached the management with it and replied that's how it is.  Very bad customer service and the meals size has reduced.  Wouldn't go back, bad service and small meals go somewhere else!
5	I have eaten here three times and the quality has been excellent each time and the service is rendered by the same person.  She is warm and friendly and follows-up to assure your needs are taken care of.  The ambiance is more like a fast food place than a nice restaurant, but it is clean and well taken care of.
3	I would have given this place 4 stars but for the price you pay, there's so little meat. The food was very tasty I'd say even though I haven't really tried some of the dishes before. We ordered the soft tofu soup and kimchi soup. I like spicy but it was way too spicy. It would have been nice if you get an option as to what level you like. Another thing too is there's only one server and once it got busy, it was tough to get her attention.
1	Service was slow and inattentive. It was a long wait for food to come in, even though there was only 3 people at the restaurant. I ordered soondubu but the soup was like water and the tofu was firm, not soft. There was no flavor what so ever....just a pot of soup with few pieces of carrots and tofu cubes inside. It was just a very sad and disappointing dish that I had to fork $10 for.  I had to get some sweets to make up for the lack of a meal afterwards. :/
4	Spicy tofu soup.. #35 on the menu....Super good... (No pun intended)! I can't say the pancake was as good but everything had great flavor. portion sizes are well worth it. Come hungry, come often. This is worth the trip- don't be swayed by the "hole in the wall" look- and get the spicy cucumber side. Your welcome yelp.
4	Jun's Korean is a great place to come for lunch or dinner. Not very busy so you get quick service. We've come with groups of 10 people and sat right down. The restaurant is run by a family and they are very nice. Place is clean and food is delicious. The only problem would be coming too often.
5	When I have a craving for some Kalbi or Bulgogi this place comes thru for me. A big plus, I dont have to drive all the way over to Spring Mountain.  Lately Ive been having the Kalbi combo with salad and white rice. It also comes banchan too! The Kalbi soup is pretty good...although I wish it came with more meat!The place is not that big but enough tables for 5 families maybe? There's a long table for larger groups in the middle. It gets busy here during lunch and dinner hours and the owner is usually the only one here. If dining in just seat yourself. Menus are on the table. For orders to go, just order at counter or call ahead.  Cool thing too is they sell the Kalbi and Bulgogi marinate sauces.  I make a point to get some. They keep well in the fridge and make a good marinate for strip steaks!
1	My family and friends comes here every so often (my friends family comes here all the time) but this past sunday March 2nd 2014 the waitress was so rude that i couldnt even enjoy my food. She even charged my friend extra 1.50 for one side dish and initially didnt want to give us more napkins. That waitress (not the owner) made our time there unenjoyable.
5	It is in Henderson right off the freeway in a nice area.  Great food and killer prompt service.  Hey, it does get busy there!  You can either go see a movie before or after (movie theater next door) or try the Asian Market which is a good less than a minute walk from the restaurant.  I believe that there is a yoga studio right in the complex.  Namaste!!!
4	My first time dining here after living in Vegas most of my life! Food is simply amazing! Best meat chun I've had. Decor and atmosphere ehh,  it's a bit loud in there since its a small place but it's understandable.  But the music blaring from the kitchen is a bit loud. I will be back though for sure..
5	Excellent food. Excellent service. Comfortable family restaurant. Highly recommend even if you have never tried Korean food before.
5	Awesome! Every time we go its a treat. Great food, Great service and fast too.
1	Came here the day after a typical crazy night out in Vegas. My go to soup to settle my stomach is galbi tang(short rib soup). Came here based on YELP reviews. The interior looks a fast food establishment which serves Korean food. Anyways, ordered the Kalbi tang. It came out in a large bowl. Problem #1: The soup was bland! I've never eaten bland Kalbi tang at a restaurant before. I added salt and then more and more. I think they plain forgot to add salt. Yuck! Problem #2: The short rib bones and meat must come out a midget cow because they were the smallest rib bones I've ever seen and the meat pieces were a joke. Regret eating here. My wife ordered their Kimchee fried rice but it was bland as well. The side dishes were meh.  Sorry but can't recommend this place for decent Korean food.
4	I've been here a few times and I've never been disappointed! The prices are great and the food is nice and fresh! They serve the traditional side dishes with your meal which is AWESOME and the Kim chee is just the right amount of sour and spicy!! I would order the Chap Chae here cause its flavorful and never dry and the Kal Bi is a good quality beef short rib and marinated just right.
4	We came here on a Saturday evening and ordered 1. Seafood pancake 9.952. Bulgogi 8.953. Hot stone bibimbap 9.95for $35.27- For previous SoCal residents, this restaurant can be summed up as every Korean restaurant inside H-Mart. One prime example would be Dae Jang Gum H-Mart in Garden Grove. - Quick service. Fast food. A few dollars more that Dae Jan Gum but not in a food court. - The food that we ate was pretty average, just like food court quality in SoCal, but for Las Vegas, I think this is great especially for their location. - The seafood pancake needed to be a bit more crispy and ratio of seafood to green onion was way more to the side of green onion.- The bulgogi did not come on a hot stone plate. It tasted similar to H-Mart bulgogi. - I was a bit surprised that they served it with salad and not sliced cabbage with dressing. The salad was better. - The rice needed to be burnt a bit more in the hot stone bowl. - Only 4 types of banchan was served to us. Kim Chi needs to be fermented a bit more. - Although sounding picky, it is what is expected in this quality kind of restaurant. OC residents probably also agree. I'd definitely come back bc of convenience and value, and it reminds me of H-Mart. but don't come out of your way here if you're from CA.
4	I loved the amount of food you get here!  It tasted great and I got super full!  Pretty average Korean food with nothing blowing me away, but I'd definitely go back!
3	Nothing could ever compare to the food my Korean friend made for me, but this was delicious! I got the stone pot bi bim bop and I would recommend it for anyone. I like that the stone pot keeps the food hot and it makes the food on the outside more crispy. The restaurant is small, but it wasn't so busy that it was inconvenient.
1	This place sucks. We were the only table in the restaurant and we had to go up to them to ask to order and then AGAIN for the check. They were more concerned with talking to each other or cashing things out to even look up to see that we have been waiting ten minutes not touching our food for the check. When I wanted a sushi roll as an appetizer they informed me that they did not have any rolls. Then why is it on the menu or why didn't you tell us what was 86 when we sat down? My spicy seafood tofu soup was tasteless. It was no where near spicy. The seafood in it was bland and chewy. There were like 4 pieces of seafood in it. We wanted mochi but we waited so long for the check that we didn't even order dessert. I went to a fast food restaurant to order something sweet. Would never come here again. Would never recommend it. If I could is give them 0 stars. Disappointed and aggravated.
5	For the price you pay - and considering this is Las Vegas and not Seoul or Los Angeles - Jun's is outstanding Korean fare. The #1 will get you a little bit of everything, though the Kalbi is what stands out, and the kimchi jiggae has replaced chicken noodle soup as my go-to for when I'm under the weather; also try the pajeon (Korean seafood pancake). The staff is also quite friendly.I've been going here both before and after I lived in Korea, and I have to say that they've brought with them my favorite part of the peninsula: the food.
4	After the horrid experience at lunch and running around in 100 degree weather all day, we were ready for some good Korean food.  Looking on Yelp, this was the only place around where we were, and thankfully it had 4-stars so we decided to partake.  We pull up and... it's open, but the sign is half busted.  Upon walking in, we notice it is spartan, there is a buffet-style banchan station next to the counter, a couple of tables occupied, and we're thinking "uh oh".  A pseudo-cafeteria looking place with cheap furniture strewn around, it did not look impressive.  It's the only Korean around, so we thought we'd give it a try.  There must be a reason a place so devoid of charm has 4-stars, I thought.We sit and the single lady running the show all by herself comes over and takes our drink order.  She's nice, initially speaks English, then upon noticing we speak Korean switches to the native tongue.  There are 2 cooks in the kitchen, so it's a 3-person operation.  This becomes key because during our meal the place gets full, 8 of the 10 tables filled with around 30 people by the time we leave, and she is still serving all by herself, with nary a confusion about who to serve first and what to prioritize.  What a HUGE difference from lunch!We order a beef jun (pancakes) and dolsot bibimbap, plus a $1 for barley tea.  Everything is under $10, so it is a good deal based on what you get.  The meal comes in about 10 minutes and we get started not expecting too much.  She brings the side dishes, consisting of kimchi, radish kimchi, squash jun, sprouts, and potoatoes.  Radish kimchi and sprouts were awesome, squash and potatoes were good, and kimchi was very good.  A bite into the jun and... wow, this stuff is great!  The meat looked to be typical brisket meat, but man, the coating was delicious!  I taste the bibimbap and again, it is spot on.  Good but way too much salad and an ample side of rice make the meal complete.You pay for it at the counter, and again the same lady who serves you cashes you out.  Model of efficiency although you can't expect the service to be quick based on the demands.  They could use another server.  But all-in-all a very satisfying meal very close to those great home cooking you always reminisce about.  It's a big thumbs up!Table-for-1 Factor:  Given the fast food like atmosphere, you couldn't ask for a better meal for 1.
4	Greatly enjoyed our Saturday lunch here! We started with fried mandoo-- fresh hot and tasty!!We shared a three meat combo: bulgogi, spicy pork, and chicken katsu. All three meats were flavorful and delicious! Definitely will return!
5	Our favorite Korean place in town. We live on strip and will travel because it's that good. Great service too.
4	The name says it all... I only come here for the meat jun.. for those of you who dont know the local favorite... its thinly sliced beef dipped in egg batter and fried. The meat jun served at this restaurant is juicy and well-marinated. Comes with rice and salad. Believe it or not it is a delicious combination.. comes with a few little side dishes like tofu and kim chi.. definitely something to try!!
2	So disappointed in this place. Used to be my stop for Korean short rib soup, I guess not anymore. Let me tell you that this kinda of soup is supposed to have some meat on the short rib bones. What I was served today was the opposite, The soup was full of bones and some fat, and maybe only one little short rib with a small piece of meat. I also found a plastic clear candy wrapper in the soup. If you go there order something else. I won't be returning to that place. The waitress was nice to take the cost of soup off of the bill.
5	Try their new menu items!!! Jun's Kalbi soup is still my favorite, but I had their new dishes such as JaJang men and hot wings. They were awesome!!!!! Jun's has the best quality Korean food in the town.
5	I super love their meat jun! If you make a phone order be prepared for random side dishes. But I still like them. I like seaweed and cucumber kimchee
4	This is the cleanest Korean BBQ resto I've been so far..Food tasted okay thoI ordered that tofu soup was good... And I much appreciate it when the waitress asked me if I want egg , she then give me fresh egg on the side...cl
3	I had the stone pot when I came here for lunch. Not bad, but definitely had better. Also, it was kind of pricey for the quality of the food. Overall it was decent, but I probably won't come back here since there are a lot of places that have much better food for more reasonable prices.
4	The best Kalbi ribs I've had if you don't count when my boyfriend-at-the-time was half Korean & his mom would make them. Oh my goodness. Amazing.
5	Hands down this is some real deal holyfield Korean food.  Reminds me of the home food I used to eat in Korea.  Nice kimchee very good recipe.  10\10 good place to grub.  Reasonably priced and not to expensive
2	I'm a regular customer and I have been coming here for over 2 years. I always order the Kalbi soup and I've noticed that every time I order it, the portions get smaller. Not only the cost of food  increased, the quality of food declined too. They also charge if I want more veggies on the side which I'm sure doesn't cost much to make. I was so disappointed today that I was served bones and two pieces of meat holding on for its dear life and I'm not even exaggerating! I'd rather drive myself to china town and get all you can eat for a couple bucks more.
5	I love meat.That's the best way to describe how I was feeling before I entered the restaurant with my friend.And it's also how I felt when I left the restaurant.I got the Jun's special and it got me feeling some type of way. The galbi was tender and the fat was chewy and charred and completely delicious. The meat jun was juicy and not too eggy. The bbq beef and chicken weren't as memorable, they were juicy and tasty, but just not as memorable as the two former mentioned items. The mandu were fragrant once I bit inside and very moist.All in all, I would recommend coming here for a meal. The food is great and comes out quickly.And if you read any other reviews that say the portions were small, they're wrong. The portions are generous and will leave you full.
4	If you live in henderson you should definitely give this place a try. I've been skeptical about trying here because of how empty the plaza it's in always is. Not gonna lie, with the beat up sign and empty parking lot, it makes you wonder how good it really is. I saw on yelp that it had great reviews though and trying to find real korean food in henderson is practically nonexistent. I was craving yukgaejang like crazy so I gave in and I'm sure glad I did.My husband and I ordered yukgaejang (spicy beef and veggie soup), bindaeduk (korean pancake) and of course their famous meat jun. It all came out to $30 and they give you really good banchan with everything. I read on a previous review that the portions were small. Maybe when you eat there it might be, idk, but ordering for take out the portions were definitely no where near small. We didn't even finish everything besides the meat jun (which my husband devoured). They give you a lot of rice with your orders. Also, I'm pretty sure they gave us about 3 large slices of the pancake but I can't be certain because we ate them so quickly and had about one slice left. The yukgaejang was perfectly spicy and still really hot by the time I got home. Their banchans (side dishes) were spot on as well.Although most of the better korean restaurants are within Chinatown or near commercial center, I'm so incredibly relieved that I don't have to go all the way there if I'm craving korean food. I will definitely be ordering from here again.
3	I never thought of Bulgogi until one of my dinner guest said my beef skewers reminded her of Bulgogi. I vaguely heard of it, but never actually tried it. I don't know why I've never experienced Korean food and I'm not saying one visit to this fast food Korean joint qualifies me as any kind of authority on it, but I do know what tastes good and what I like.I liked the Bulgogi at Juns. Despite a gentle snub from an actual Korean about Jun's being "fast food", we decided to give it a try anyways. I attribute that to Mel C's review (thanks, Mel!)The Bulgogi plate was generous with rice, a fresh salad with a light asian love-you-long-time type of dressing, and thinly sliced, tender, flavorful, marinated beef stir fried with onions. I ate all the meat and enjoyed it. My only wish was that it could have had more of a carmelized sear to it. That would have made it perfect.The other dish ordered was the Bi Bim Bop...fun to say, but another dish that was new to us. Rice topped with veges, like shredded napa cabbage tossed in sesame oil, stir fried meat with mushrooms, and topped with a sunny side egg, the yolk begging to be broken. We enjoyed that as well.I know this may seem like going to Panda Express for Chinese food, but when it's good, it's good. My new quest will now be to find the best Bulgogi. Thank you Jun's for opening my Asian eyes (lol) to Korean food, and thank you for the wonderful service. The whitey I was with...aka my wife, is a bit high maintenance and knew even less about Korean food than I did. Our very nice server took the time to explain everything to her. This will be a nice weeknight quickie spot for us.
5	Order the Jun's special, it gas beef, chicken, pork, Korean ribs, rice, salad, and rice. It's really good and worth every penny. We usually go to North Vegas to get a good Korean food, and since we discovered this one, we can just stay around henderson to get one.
5	Probably my favorite korean restaurant in vegas! Whatever you order here is great..kalbi, bbq chicken, chicken katsu, tofu soup, etc. My favorite is the bi bim bap in the stone bowl. I like it better in the stone bowl bc of the savoriness it adds and i like that it makes the rice a little crispy. And it comes with traditional korean banchan....Andddd all for ten bucks! Need i say more...
1	Wow, I just called them to ask one simple question about take outs and the girl who answered the phone was SO fucking rude and she hung up on me when I wasn't even done and she also had an attitude going on. The food may be good but if their staff has this kind of attitude, it's not worth going. It was a young girl I believe. So disrespectful.
4	We are traveling through enroute to Phoenix and are waiting out the storms. We decided to try something different and stopped here. We are NOT familiar with Korean cuisine, and decided to just go for it. Sure glad we did!My wife had the Kalbi rib plate and I had the stone bowl bi him bap. So good and we left pleasantly satisfied. Hope you will try it because I think you will really like it.
2	We got the black bean noodle and jam pong. Flavor was a little too watered down. Maybe we're too spoiled from the authentic LA food. But food was just edible at best and the WORST part was the lady who a dick to us from beginning to end. As korean people to korean people, super disappointed.
4	Came in last night to finally check this place out. I took my 18 month old daughter in with me because she loves Korean food. A little about me...I am half Korean, and my mom is an amazing Korean cook. I have sort of sworn off Korean restaurants because most of the time I am so disappointed. Usually I will just wait until my next opportunity to have lunch or dinner at my moms. I was happy eating here though. I ordered the juns special so I could get an idea on what they are all about. The food is decent. It is better than I expected, the meat was good. The bulgogi was not really made the way that it is supposed to be made. It had the sort of steamed result that occurs when you put too much meat in a frying pan that isn't hot enough and think you will get a sear on it. It's not going to happen. The flavor was good though. Kalbi was decent. Nice char marks. Good quality meat. The chicken was good the meat Jun was alright. The sides were fine. It's funny because as I am writing this I notice I'm am putting a lot of oks and alrights. It is better than that though. I think I'm a bit of a Korean food snob because I demand so much out of it. The people that work there were very nice, and all of the flavors were right and tasty. With all that being said, I have only been here once and honestly I am going to try their entire menu. It obviously is a great place to get your Korean food fix on.
3	If you need Korean food in Henderson go here... otherwise Spring Mountain isn't too far away and this town has plenty of options. This is a very casual sit down place, the portions on the combo plates were huge but I feel like this was more quantity over quality. I could tell the bulgogi was cooked in a wok or something and not grilled, it was watery, the onions were floppy and not crispy, the kimchi was sour.  It was average.
4	Living in Henderson Juns provides a very solid option for Korean food. Staff is always friendly and helpful even if you are not sure what you would like to try. Nice casual sit down atmosphere. Spicy Chicken and the Kalbi plates are amazing. Kim Chi Ghe Ghi is also a favorite!
3	Liked the the meat jun and would give it 5 stars. However service was 2 stars and I was scared to ask for extra sauce. Sides were ok. I will be back but will phone in orders in the future.
3	Not bad for a Korean restaurant in Vegas. Serving portions and taste of the food were satisfying. Of course nothing beats korean food in Los Angeles but for this town at least there is Jun's when I am craving.
5	Friendly, quick service, and delicious food, I would recommend this restaurant to any body looking for good Korean BBQ.
5	Good is delicious! Small place so challenging for bigger groups more than 8 persons...we really like this place as it is good than Korean BBQ buffet.
