4	This little gem is located in a strip mall near where we live so hubby and I decided to give it a shot. It's been opened for about a year now and although I'm not sure why we waited so long to visit, I'm glad we finally did. The menu is pretty diverse for a bar and grill menu and I was rather impressed with the upscale type of selections offered and it had just the right number of selections that it wasn't overwhelming. Hubby and I went up for lunch today and it was quiet but that's not unusual for a bar and grill on a Saturday afternoon. We enjoyed the guacamole and chips for an appetizer. The guac was made fresh right when we ordered it and the chips were perfect. The guac was delish and the chips were warm and just the right amount of salty. Hubby ordered the meatloaf sandwich which was a good size sandwich on a fresh roll. There were several choices for a side but hubby got the kettle chips. It included fresh leaf lettuce, tomato and pickle spear on the side as well. Hubby really enjoyed it and it was just the right size for lunch.I had the tuna salad wrap with a side of potato salad. The white flour tortilla was fresh and the tuna salad was very good. It wasn't albacore tuna but the light tuna. It had nice onion and just enough mayo on it so it wasn't too drippy like light tuna can be. The potato salad, clearly house-made, was made with red potato chunks, onions, and a little pickle and dill to it. It also had leaf lettuce and fresh tomato wrapped in as well. It was excellent and a sizeable portion! I had to take 1/2 home.All in all, it was an excellent experience at Riff Raff's and we are looking forward to going back soon. It's nice that it's just around the corner too so we can walk up whenever we like.
4	Stopped in for lunch and found a good hangout.  Noticed that they had free wifi but not sure why I looked, I never use it.  Anyways, had the meatloaf sandwich.  Good stuff.  Worth a return trip.Looks like they have some good live entertainment on the weekends too so definitely a good spot to hang out.Glad they are in the neighborhood!
3	Fun Place
4	4:00 dollar pitchers and free poker on 3 days!!!
3	eh.  visiting from out of town we stopped in for a drink and to listen to some music.  The place was huge, freezing cold and the 6 patrons that were there spent the 15 minutes we were there swearing loudly and being obnoxious.  Not the owners fault, I love a dive bar but it wasn't our cop of tea.  Drink was strong.  Music hadn't started and they didn't know when/if it would.  It's a mish mash of decorating and I'm guessing they will eventually find what works and it will be a great place.
1	This placed closed a while back.
