4	I had just driven by the old location when my daughter shouted out, "the bakery is closed."  That led me to stop by the new location off Harris Boulevard on my way North.  When I walked in right after lunch, I was not immediately hit by the smell of baked goods.  Don't get me wrong, there were many goodies on display, available for sale (see photos) and the cafe was open and available for lunch.  I looked around and grabbed a couple goodies for the family.  Service was great and a smile makes all well.  Prices on some items were acceptable (in my humble opinion) while others I thought were too much to pay for that particular item.  If it is a little cake for one, for two, or for more, Nona's is worth a trip.
5	Nona Nona where have you been all my life? In the basement? the attic? I know the kitchen baking those mouth watering bites of... well you know ... those things Dr Oz tells you not to eat because, they are not on his list. Sure not a green leafy veg in the house . But Nona who the H*** needs green leafy veg when you have these delights from Nona's? If I die bury me with a cup cake...Lots of icing please..
5	Cannoli (no s at the end - cannoli is plural).  Made from scratch, filling and pastry.  Not imported, pre-made, frozen.  That's all you need to know.
5	Always leave here with more sweets than I should, but they are so amazing I can't help it! My favorite are the rainbow cookies, so yummy and gorgeous looking! Right now I'm enjoying the turkey berry panini, delicious! Sweet, savory, and meaty! Nona herself bought it out to me and saw that I didn't pick up any napkins, and proceeded to give me some and say there you go sweetie, truly caring service! I love this place so much, the food and service are out of this world!
5	This is one of my favorite bakeries in Charlotte. For me it is the quintessence of what a bakery should be. It smells buttery and sweet when you walk through the door. I absolutely LOVE the cupcakes. They are moist, fresh, and flavorful.  I really like their signature Almond icing. I've also ordered a red velvet birthday cake from here. It was the highlight of the birthday party. It was delicious, beautiful and reasonably priced.  I have to intentionally restrict myself from coming here weekly (I'd be as big as a house if I indulged every craving for this place :-) Lucky for me, the new location is not as convenient. Otherwise, I'd be in here a lot more. They have free wi-fi and a few lunch items that I plan to try soon (tomato and asiago soup), but I'm so addicted to the pastries I haven't tried anything else.If you have a sweet tooth, this place should definitely be in your rotation.
3	I recently ordered a birthday cake from Nona's for my mother.  I originally emailed Nona's and then followed up with a call in order to ensure the correctness of my order (I don't live in Charlotte so I couldn't go to the bakery personally).  My friend picked up the cake for me on the agreed upon ready date, and sent me a picture of it.  I was immediately unhappy with it and told her to go back inside and talk to someone about fixing it.  The cake was supposed to be very similar to a picture that I sent them, which it was, but they skimped on the design.  When I had placed the order I discussed the design in detail with the employee, and she was also looking at the picture I sent, so she was clear on what I wanted.  My friend went back inside Nona's and was able to get the design fixed to my standard.  I thought the cake was fine until we cut it at my mom's birthday dinner.  I specifically ordered a carrot cake with NO nuts...and guess what....the cake had nuts in it!  Overall, the flavor (minus the nuts that we had to pick through/dig out) and final presentation of the cake were excellent, but it should not have had nuts in it, and it should have been decorated correctly from the start.  I contacted Nona's and they were very responsive and offered a refund of about 40% off the cake.I'm writing this review to let you all know that when ordering a cake from Nona's, be VERY specific about what you want and it would probably help to call in the days leading up to your pickup date to ensure they got your order right.
1	Incredibly disappointed! It tasted like Box cupcakes except they were dry. Very tasteless. I was extremely disappointed. I purchased red velvet, strawberry, and chocolate. Even the icing is nothing special. Will never go back.
2	I went to a gathering and mentioned to the host that I also spent time making strawberry cupcakes last night for a kids party.  Ooops!!! She stated that she didn't make them.  I thought to myself that her cakes tasted just like the boxed ones I made the night before.  I may come back and see what other types of items they have.
2	i purchase a cake today for my for my friends birthday a marble cake with birthday decoration on the top. I was extremely  disappointed. First This was definitely a BOX CAKE.  Nothing about this cake scream that  got it from a well know bakery. it taste ver similar to Sam's club cakes.  The cakes are over price for the quality and the decoration seem like a child wrote his name on the cake. this is my third time trying them and i must  say this is the last.
1	Third time here, last time for sure. Sorry, I've spent over $100 there. I tried the cake the first time and not only was it expensive and dry but the frosting was too sweet. Second time I just went with cookies and cupcakes. Not good!!!!!! Then finally today I went to see if they could make a decent donut. Not only were they dry and poorly made, they were expensive. The kids asked me why I didn't go to Dunkin donuts. Smh I idk. I paid $2 each for some stale donuts that must have sat for a couple days.
3	Went for lunch and the service was not impressive considering we were the only two people in the place. They do serve Boar's Head meats so the sandwiches we ordered were delicious.It looks like they do a brisk business on pastries and cakes. They look delicious but didn't try any this trip.
2	I have had the cupcakes and cookies numerous times. They are below average and taste like box cupcakes and the cookies are not memorable.
