5	man, i wish this place wasn't all the way in gilbert. it is so beyond good food, i can't explain it.they've moved from the mesa location after like 20 years or something, and their customers followed.it's mediterranean style that is best described as a fusion of Greek (lots of kalamata olives, capers, feta, gyro meat), MIddle Eastern (a yogurt sauce similar to tsaziki, pita sandwiches) and italian (pastas, seafood) and it's all served in huge portions.be warned, the owner/chef will not, under any cirsumstances, take changes or substitutions to any dish. trust me, i worked here, he' snot kidding, and you'll only piss of your server and the owner for pressing for it.the rest. also includes a coffee bar/fresh dessert bar, and the cakes and tarts and pies are made in house, fresh daily. i recommend the baklava cheescake, to die for. dishes range in price from $6 for a sandwich (pita, and even burgers) to $18 for the pasta dinner dishes. whatever you get it's worth it! they also do wine pairing dinners for like $40 a person.this place is unique and the food is fantastic.they have a ton of wines and lots of import beers and a full bar. would def make a good date place.
4	Euro Cafe is a tour through Europe, right in downtown Gilbert. The creations of chef Romeo Taus display a definite Mediterranean flare. Although the Euro Cafe is quite smal (about 10 tables) the menu is enormous! Try to save room for dessert -- pastries, cookies, brownies, cheesecake, and, of course, baklava, created by Euro Cafe's own dessert chef. There is also a coffee/espresso bar and a selection of wine.
5	Ooo, I felt so *cool* just stepping through the door of Romeo's Euro Cafe. Romeo's serves an impressive variety of drinks and foods from all over Europe and America, with emphasis on the Mediterranean region. All in a quaint yet trendy atmosphere. The Undici Undici Fine Art Coffeehouse is located adjacent to the Euro Caf and offers more than 20 different types of coffees, as well as Euro's fine dessert menu. They also feature live local music and have a gift shop. See how cool this place is?Try the Undici Sunrise with freshly squeezed orange juice, ice cream, vanilla syrup and whipped cream, or the Intoxicated Love cake, pairing white, milk, and dark chocolates with Grand Marnier, Kahlua and Jack Daniels. Some of the "real" food choices are just OK, but the desserts and specialty drinks are to die for!
5	If you had told me last week that I would be giving a cafe in Gilbert five stars I would have told you you're crazy.  Folks, YOU CRAZY!!I was not expecting to be wowed by the unassuming uptown Romeo's Euro Cafe in Gilbert's little downtown district.  But it delivered and outdid itself.  After the painfully hard decision based on the huge and extensive menu, I ordered the Avocado Feta Pita ($7) and was BLOWN away by the taste. The inside of the pita revealed a sauteed melange of grilled turkey, avocado, feta and a special dressing.  I'm a huge fan of avocado, so I had an inkling I might like this - but I was a bit skeptical of the sauted part of this.  That's a bit too decadent and rich for my tastes. But I didn't care.  That's how freaking good this pita was.  I'm a dude and don't have hips or anything, but if bigger hips were a consequence for this, LAY IT ON BABY!!  Was it authentic Greek?  Not at all.  I would consider it more New American, with Mediterranean influences.It didn't stop there though.  My fellow eating partner ordered the Corinthian salad ($11), which looked mighty attractive I might add - and I don't care for salads at all.   It was gigantic and came appointed with grilled chicken, artichoke, hearts of palm, red peppers, mushroom, feat and capers in a Italian dressing.   Sounds pretty pedestrian until you see the size of the presentation and the veggies used (marinated mushrooms, for example).  Dessert was just as incredible.  That's what you first notice when you walk in the door, btw - the big glass counter full of freshly baked desserts - from cheesecakes to tarts, you name it they probably have it.   The apple strudel was a rather large portion, flaky and not too sweet.  But the runaway winner (that even the server agreed on) was the caramel kiss cheesecake - caramel marbled with dark chocolate.  The texture and taste outdid even the Cheesecake Factory. While lunch was pretty cheap and basically consists of pitas, burgers, subs and salads, the dinner menu is larger (chicken, seafood, Greek plates and pasta) and seems to run a bit higher at $15 - $20 for entrees.The space itself lives up to its name with marble tabletops and wrought iron chairs.   It feels very Euro and very cafe inside - with a decidedly boutique feel.  While it's not overly lady-like in here, it would be kind of uncomfortable for a casual everyday Joe used to steakhouses and burger joints. Good service despite the busy and brisk lunch time crowd.  Romeo's Euro Cafe is really out of the way for me but definitely worth going out of my way for.  I can't wait to return.
5	Oh Romeo's Romeo's wherefore art though now in Gilbert?I have loved this place for many many years.  Their pita sandwiches are fabulous.  The house salad with the creamy feta dressing is wonderful.  I'm always in the mood for one of their fabulous lemon tarts.  I've always had decent service there although on a busy night it takes a while for the food to come.  I'm glad they are doing well in Gilbert, but I miss having them down the street in Mesa.  The new space is cleaner, more cafe like with small tables and large windows.  Of the entrees that I've had there, I"m partial to Kasseri Chicken, Plaka Chicken, and the Roasted Almond Tortellini.  But hey, find your own favorites, there is  a lot to love at this place.  Portions are pretty big on everything, so come hungry.
2	Alright folks, here it is - the one bad review of Romeo's.  Maybe I went on an off night, who knows, but I was definitely far from impressed.The menu is massive - there are probably 100+ things to choose from.  Be prepared to spend a good amount of time sorting through the menu and trying to decide what to get.  Keep in mind that the entrees are quite large - you'll have plenty of food left over.Anyway, we started with the Greek Skins (potato skins with gyro meat, feta, and some tzatziki-like sauce).  These were the best part of our meal.  They weren't amazing, but they were definitely enjoyable.  We then each got our entrees - I opted for Paella Barcelona (all kinds of meat - various seafood, sausage, etc. in a red sauce over brown rice) and she got a chicken dish that had a whole bunch of veggies with it (sorry folks, I don't remember what it was called).  My dish was okay but really could've been a lot better - the red sauce wasn't nearly as flavorful as it could/should have been.  Her dish was uhhh...in a word, bland.  There was a minimal amount of flavor to everything.  The veggies just tasted like steamed veggies and the chicken was almost completely flavorless.  The sauce that the veggies and chicken were in didn't help anything - nothing had much flavor at all.  Then I remembered each of our entrees was $20 and that made me even less happy.We decided to take a chance on dessert and were pleasantly surprised with that.  They have a *massive* dessert selection - there are probably 20-30 different things to choose from.  There are cakes, bars, tarts, truffles, you name it.  Dessert is cool because you can walk up to the front area and take a look at everything in the display cases to see what looks good.  We had a hard time deciding, but went with the chocolate-covered cookie dough, chocolate-covered macaroon, and the double truffle bar (a dark chocolate and orange bar with Grand Marnier).  The bar was alright, although I thought the crust was really dry and didn't have much flavor (the display said it had a hazelnut crust but I didn't taste a hint of hazelnut).  The chocolate-covered macaroon was better, although macaroons aren't really my thing so it wasn't that amazing for me.  She loved it though.  Then there was the chocolate-covered cookie dough...oh man.  Sooooo good.  And cheap too - the chocolate-covered cookie dough was only $2 or so.Anyway, the mediocre quality and moderately high price of the entrees are the reason Romeo's gets two stars.  I'm still planning on going back though for dessert sometimes - they have some really awesome-looking cakes that I just have to try :)
5	Loved it here!  Hubby and I were in town and had dinner with a college friend.  We asked for a place that was "uniquely Phoenix" and he suggested this place.  Despite the overwhelming menu, we had a helpful server who navigated us through the whole thing.  He gave the very useful tip of sharing entrees (which we did) and made recommendations on the appetizer.  We had the spicy lamb potatoes which were very tasty and followed it up with one of the chef specials, a creamy pasta dish with sausage and mushrooms.  Delicious!  Even with the two of us splitting it, we still had a lot leftover, so I would venture to say with an appetizer, one of those entrees is enough for 3 people.Very cute atmosphere and the desserts looked amazing even though we were too full to try anything.  Would definitely recommend it to others!
5	5 stars? How about 6? 6.5?We had such an amazing experience here. The menu was massive but delicious. The service was fantastic. The deserts were mouthwatering. I can't say enough.The hubski and I went with a few friends last weekend. Lucas was our waiter and I swear I have never had better service in my life! My friend and I both ordered the spankophillo, which is a cross between spanakopita and pizza. Pictures will be posted shortly. Lucas advised us that the dish is very large and maybe we should split it (at the risk of lowering his tip by lowering the overall bill). We decided to get our own anyway. All meals came with soup or salad. The soup of the day was cream of asparagus, which I ordered. Perfect. The asparagus was obviously grilled before being creamed in the soup, and there was a smoky flavor to it. You could tell that it was made there and not just out of a bag like some places. It was also not microwaved.My main dish arrived. Lucas was right- it was ginormous. I stick by my decision to have my own. After my delicious soup, I only ate one small slice of the spankophilla in the restaurant. I would love to tell you that this monstrosity re-heats well, but I didn't get that far. Maybe I'll be a little less impatient next time. What can I say? I am impatient. It tastes better warm than hot. Its also great cold.Spankofilla? We've been spanked!My friend had the salad with her meal and she loved the yogurt dressing. He husband ordered the gyros and was told by our waiter that it is "the best sandwich in the country". And it was.Hubski ordered a tuna melt. If I thought my dish was huge... it came on a big Italian roll with slices of tomato and melted provolone cheese. It was $7. For this size and quality, we would have paid twice that.For dessert, because I saved room, I had a piece of the "Morning After" cake. It is a white sponge cake soaked in sangria... amazing. Our friends had the tiramisu, which was out of this world.On top of that, while hubski was drinking coffee, Lucas the magnificent was watching which kind of sugar he was using, so when he refilled the coffee, he brought a whole container of just raw sugar. He checked on us regularly, but was not on top of us. He had plenty of suggestions but was not in our faces, and he was just overall the best waiter I have ever had.Eight thumbs up. We'll be there again soon.
4	This was on my 'To Try' list forever.  My wife and I finally got around to going and I was pleasantly surprised.  As soon as you enter, there is a tiny little gift shop.  Quaint, but not what I'm looking for in a restaurant.  Service was quick and polite.  We didn't wait too long for our food to arrive, and our drinks were always full.I got the Greek Salad, and I wasn't disappointed.  Strange, the salad didn't come with any leaves (i.e. lettuce, spinach, etc..)  It was more of a humongous plate of finely chopped vegetables in an outstanding oil-based dressing.Next time I go, I want to try one of their Gyros... They looked amazing!
5	My wife was craving for something different so we decided to try this place. Everything was EXCELLENT!!Our waitress did an above and beyond service. I'm not really familiar with European dishes - she made a few suggestions and warned us that the dishes are Very, very large. (Me and my wife are small plus we are trying to eat less....). We decided to go for the Paella Barcelona and split it. Oh..it came with a corn chowder soup. Our food came and we would not believe it!! Extremely LARGE! We started to go at it and it was very delicious. We took our sweet time depositing it into our tummy...Couldn't save room for desserts...During the meal, we felt like we had our own personal waitress. Here is what we thought:Food -    A+++Service - A+++Price -     A+++I will have some out of towners visiting next month... I'll definitely bring them here!
5	This is one of my favorite places! The portions are HUGE and, as you can see from the images posted, the menu is too! Pretty much everything has a Mediterranean ingredient of some sort: shrimp, eggplant, artichoke, lamb, feta, garlic, tomatoes, olives... what's not to love!?Personally, I stick with appetizers: the Spicy Lamb Potatoes, which I like to call "lamb balls" because it makes me giggle... these large egg shaped croquettes of potato, gyros meat, herbs and spices are served with yogurt sauce. They are so big, I usually wind up bringing 2 or 3 home! PLUS, I have a plan: I have to save room for dessert because the baklava cheesecake is fricking AWESOME!!! (so is the caramel cheesecake) I still want to try the wine pairing dinners. They're held monthly on a Monday and at $45, seem to be a steal! Looks like they pick a label and build a four course meal around it! Check out some of the past menus: http://www.eurocafe.com/calendar.html
5	My my... I've been a fan of Romeo's restaurants and related places for years as they've moved about the Valley, and they are just superb. Su. Perb.Big portions of quality food, friendly staff, and the desserts... gah... I've spent many evenings in torment because in spite of being too full from dinner I could not pass up that dessert case. But if I'm going to suffer, this is how I want to do it.They also do a special wine pairing night that I have not had the pleasure of trying, but I hear is a lot of fun and remains on my To Do list.
5	After spending most of Saturday grazing at various East Valley locations, who would have thought any of us could find more room to eat any more? Well, we did. And Romeo's was the perfect fit for topping us off. Instead of going with entrees, we opted for a few appetizers. Good, filling and flavorful.Afterwards, the desserts seemed to be a hit since their plates were nearly licked clean. (Since I'm not one to eat sweets, the cleanliness of a plate afterwards is the only gauge I have for such things.)Our server was the sweetest thing ever! I wanted to wrap her up and bring her home. But, that's frowned upon in certain societies.
5	Again... another 5 stars for Romeo's. I really cannot say much that has not been said before but I will comment that I have been to Romeo's 5 or 6 times and I will be a loyal Romeo's customer for years to come. I positively crave their stuffed mushrooms (Think feta, artichoke hearts, and capers...the most amazing thing ever) and I rarely get beyond their pasta dishes to try anything else (I will have to though after reading of their Gyro's) not to mention that the salads are amazing (how do you make a salad amazing I wonder?). However, I do have to say that those of you that did not try dessert are very very sad people indeed because this is one place where the pain (and you will be in pain after one of their entree's) is well worth it. The cakes are out of this world... Satin Bondage, dangerous dilemma, intoxicated love, rhapsody in blush... I choose no favorites. They are all amazing. If you are in the least bit adventurous you must try one of these... or if your a girl go with a few friends, each get a different one, and share. You will not regret the calories.
2	I had such high hopes for this place, especially after reading all of these great reviews and I was thoroughly disappointed. First of all, they request that you do not make any changes to their menu items - which is just nuts to me. I couldn't request that a salad NOT have mushrooms thrown on top for some reason....apparently it's too much trouble? Second of all, the one or two things I did find on the menu without mushrooms were salads and one didn't even come with lettuce. So I defaulted to another salad and it came how it came - which was pretty bad. The dressing had no flavor whatsoever, and the salad as a whole was just boring. Iceberg lettuce, red pepper, and artichoke hearts...that's it! Now, my coworkers all loved their meals so I may give them another shot, but it's not likely. Any place that doesn't let you modify your order is just not a place I want to go.
5	Great locally owned neighborhood restaurant.  They have an enormous menu and equally large portions -- terrific value.  Excellent wine selection as well.To Kim S. with the aversion to mushrooms, there are over 100 items on the menu without mushrooms for you to choose from.  I would give you an exact number, but I had to stop counting at 107 when I got to page 13 of the menu because my phone started ringing.
2	I really wanted to love this place... Two of us stopped in today for lunch after hearing all of the good reviews. I needed to use the restroom. The hostess handed me a dirty spatula with a key attached and said the restroom was outside around the corner...ummm OK. The restroom has no AC. Great in the summer!We asked for a few minuets to look over the huge menu. We didn't see the server for another 10 minuets. We ordered two things to split. The first was the Grilled Steak Pita. It is steak with mushrooms and Swiss cheese. They are not kidding. That is all that is on it. It was really bland, but OK I guess. The other choice was the Bleu Danube. It has Grilled turkey breast and ham blended with bleu cheese and topped with Swiss cheese (copied from the menu). It is a HUGE portion. My half had a TON of blue cheese sauce on it... too much. It was way overwhelming. It also seemed very salty. You might as well drink warm blue cheese dressing. It took a really long time to get our food and bill. Don't go here if you are in a hurry for lunch. I'm just bummed. I really wanted to dig this place. Oh Well...The dessert case looked good...
2	Euro Cafe used to be in Mesa across from Fiesta Mall.We LOVED the pizza and the fries.Then they closed. :(So, when we saw they had re-opened in Gilbert, we got rather excited. :)Then we went to the new Gilbert location. :(They have no pizza oven, so without our favorite menu item, we were forced to start trying the other pricey items in their large but restrictive menu. Over several visits it's all been fine, but nothing's been great. On our last visit, we tried the spinach-ball appetizer thing, and there was some strong herb or something that tasted almost like chlorine. We got through most of 1 (out of 5) ball, then asked the server to take it away. They didn't offer to replace it with anything else.When our bill came, the appetizer was still on there and it was like pulling teeth to get them to take it off. They finally did, but this last experience left such a bad taste in our mouth (both literally and figuratively) that we won't be coming back.Ambiance: 3 (too small, but there are some cute things in their shop area)Restrooms: 2 (outside with a key - lame)Food: 3 (no substitutions and much of it is overpriced)Service: 2 (often understaffed, weird with food issues)If you feel you still must go, get the fries appetizer - still pretty dang good.
2	An interesting place theme-wise - quaint, crowded. As the name suggests, european in both look and feel. A bit fussy somehow. Huge menu. I really liked the pasta salad I ordered - huge portion as previously mentioned. However afterwards I couldn't help thinking, damn, I could do this myself at home! It inspired me to explore vinagrettes in general and eat more vegetables which is a good thing. And I was right about being able to make the dressings. BTW, walmart has this new thing called a multi-mixer which is great for making (and storing) your own vinagrettes at home. Check out epicurious. But I digress. To wrap up, huge menu, ok to good food, mostly high prices especially on dessert items. I took home the peanut butter cheesecake but was not impressed with it. Plus it was about $6 a slice. The case definitely beckons but I wouldn't fall to temptation there again.Also notably, the wait staff was slow, unresponsive and not particularly friendly even though there was only one other couple in the whole restaurant. Maybe they've been told to be that way in line with the European theme??? just kidding but it does make one wonder...
5	Romeo's is one of those places that is casual & unassuming but serves really high quality, delicious food. if memory serves, the chef does not allow substitutions, which I'm totally ok with.so anyway. I nearly always get the roasted almond tortellini, because it's fucking amazing. it has almonds, mushrooms, sunflower seeds, hearts of palm, et al, and it's beyond delicious. the portions are huge, so I always get at least 3 meals out of one dish of pasta.also, they have a shit ton of amazing desserts. I think I would love this place if I was a kid, because you can go up to the dessert case and ogle the choices before returning to your table to order.yay.
5	Euro Cafe is shining light of hope for Gilbert AZ and the foodies, comestible connoisseurs and gourmets. Believe it or not there are some in Gilbert who not walk on their knuckles or eat at Oregano's. For those seeking food of high quality and substance, Euro Cafe is your safe harbor. With a large menu of  divine dishes ranging such as the "Roasted Almond Tortellini" and "Andalusian Baked Eggplant" you will be sure to find something, The cafe also caters to vegetarians. Not mentioning the marvelous wine selection, and out of this world dessert menu, I could write a book about how great this place is. The humble setting of the restaurant is immediately over looked when you are in the moment of a "food-gasm". Bravo Romeo!
1	"WORST RESTAURANT EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE"I NEVER WRITE REVIEWS on places but this one had to be done. My wife and I have travelled many places and eaten at many restaurants. We go out to eat every weekend and when we like a place we tell everyone about it and go back many times. My experience with Romeo's was so shocking, rude and offensive I could not not post my review.This was our 4th time going to Romeos in the last 3 months since reading about them in the paper of how great their desserts were. My wife and I love desert cafe's and Romeo's had a large selection. The first time we went we each got dessert and liked what we got. The 2nd time we went with freinds for dinner and thought it was pretty good. The menu is so huge it took us 20 minutes to order as we couldn't decide on what to eat. The 3rd time we went for desert with 10 people from my office. The final and 4th time we went which was on Friday was litteraly the worst experince of my life. 3 out of 4 times we went we alaways had the same waitress who I am assuming now is the owner. (I did not get her name).We came once again for dessert and my wife and her sister spent about 20 minutes trying to decide on what to order. They went to the restroom for a bit and then came back. They had ordered a piece of white cake, baklava cheesecake and some fudgy pie cake thing. The cheesecake was pretty good, the fudgy thing was decent although at 5.50 was extremely small and the white cake thing was terriable. It was dry and basically no flavor. We all tried it and left basically 3/4 of the cake.When the bill came it was 3 pieces of cake and tax. I told our waitress that I did not wish to pay for the piece of white cake as we did not think it was good and dry. She just looked at us and walked into the back of the restaurant and told the lady that had helped us the 3 times in the past.THIS IS WHERE IT GETS SHOCKING:The waitress (owner) came over to our table and said I was told you didnt like something you ordered. I proceeded to tell her that we would pay for the other items but didnt think the white cake was good as it was to dry. She then proceeded to pick up the plate with my fork on it. I knew what she was going to do and sat there in shock. She litteraly cut a piece off the cake and ate it and said "there is nothing wrong with this cake, it is not dry". I told her I cannot believe you just did that. She said I am not going to take this off of the bill just because you didnt like it. She then asked me and my brother in law if we owned our own businesses which we do both happen to do. She then walked away from our table.As we all sat there in SHOCK I said I am not paying for that cake. I left $11 in cash which was 2 cakes and tax and walked out. My wife, sister in law and her husband stayed in the restaurant. The waitress then came back to the table and said so you just are not going to pay for the food. They again told her they would pay for it all but that piece of cake. She then proceeded to say to my sister in law out loud to the whole restaurant. "Are you not the one who was just in the bathroom throwing up" trying to make her look stupid in front of the other patrons. At this they left the money on the table - minus the cake money and walked out.What was this person thinking? We estimated that this piece of cake cost them .80 to make. Was it really worth the amount of lost business they will be recieving? The least she should have done was to offer us something to replace this piece of cake with or just offered to remove the charge from the bill. Besides the 12 other people we told to come to this restaurant who will never go again. How many people will they tell.Like I said I never post reviews but this experience to me was so shocking I couldnt not leave a review.
3	This place gets a 2 star deduction for 2 reasons.  If i was grading on food only, I would surely give them a 5 star rating.  They don't do any substitutions and I understand that.  I have no problem with that, It is how the chef designed the food.  You don't tell an artist how to paint...My first issue is the obnoxious waitress.  She was withdrawn and cranky.  She let out long breaths and responded in a monotone fashion to the few questions we had about menu items.  The second issue is the way she reacted when my friend asked about an ingredient in a dish.  She had an allergy to a particular food and wanted to make sure it wasn't in the dish.  She was not asking to remove it from the dish or alter the dish in any way, but this waitress started to flip out.  It was just easier to drop the situation and pick another dish that we were sure the ingredient was not it.  I find that the overall experience of a restaurant with sub-par food can be saved by excellent service... not the other way around
5	This is one of my favorite place.  Huge menu..there is for-sure something for everyones tastes.Great service, great food, good prices.
5	Outside its kinda new olde town. Walking in I instantly developed a craving for red wine. This was quickly quenched with a fantastic TOHU Pinot Noir! Then after browsing the impressive menu (Greek cuisine) I asked out loud, "Do I have to get salmon AGAIN?" Naturally the answer was YES! The Santa Fe chicken soup was a very nice appetizer. When the fish came I about fainted because it looked so good. The presentation, the quantity, the flavors, all exquisite. I'm a big fan!Our server was very friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is what you need it to be. If you want to be casual, you can do it. If you want to go formal, that could work too. I know there was music playing, but it blended in with the whole experience so well that I have no recollection of it. Top it off with a very good key lime tart for dessert and I went home extremely happy.I definitely recommend trying this cafe for a special treat with someone you treasure.
5	As it turns out, India Palace is closed on Sundays and as a result, we googled another alternative dining venue that would provide a good Yelping opportunity...Hence this review...Full marks MUST be given to this place since the ambiance, the service, the fare, and the wine were not in any way lacking.  With a focus on dishes named for Greek cities but presented to the rest of the world, the menu had twists on classic Mediterranean favorites.  Upon arriving, you'll pass a dessert box that may alter your initial intention to have something savoury.  I advise you to simply save room because the additional view of the multitude of worldly wines welcome wavering wanting with wonderous whites and well balanced reds.  Wow.  I had  dish named Salonika Chicken which featured a beur- blanc with orange liquor sauce....WHAT?  Yum is what.  Creative and charmingly presented, I spent about 3 hours in this place remembering how to pass a Sunday afternoon with great conversation, super delicious food, and the best of company.  Don't we rush enough in this life?  I value that there was not a hint of hurry here while our server was attentive and happy and helpful.  Others in the restaurant were also very happy and huddled in conversation that was muted by some low playing music with a non Euro theme.  If this place piped in the music of Italy, France, and Germany...I think we would truly have to add another star!  I really LOVE it here and this will be my new hide-out...Ooooopsss!  now I've told all of you!  Oh well.  Something so good should be Yelped.  I think the placwe is charming mostly and just the excuse I needed to Euro-pose...and you know that I did!
1	They don't make substitutions, actually they won't even leave off a piece of cheese because as the waiter told me"The menu is exactly as the chef wants it."when I replied I had food allergies I was given a smug response "No, we don't do substitutions."again I asked if I could have something without cheese. He said "no" and walked away from the table.Then some fussy lady walked over and told me very loudly  "no substitutions!"I walked out embarrassed. The staff are rude, obnoxious and classless.
1	Gonna go out on a limb here and recommend that you steer clear of this place. This is the 1st 1 star review I have ever given anyone. Located in downtown Gilbert, there are just entirely to many good places within walking distance to waste your time or hard earned $ in this pretentious little curio shop/bistro. The service is bad and rather cold, their knowledge of fine wine even worse. Whats with the trinket shop in the waiting area? Lets buy trinkets/junk while we are given attitude about where to wait for our table. Really? Our food arrived cold, our server rarely arrived at all & I got up to get my own water after giving up on ordering another glass of vino. SOMEONE CALL GORDON RAMSAY! This truly is hell's kitchen.
5	Came here last night, in search of something different. Such a cute hole in the wall place. Great service. AMAZING food. Seriously, we could not decide what to eat! We started off with the breaded and deep fried artichoke hearts and the Greek skins (potato skins filled with gyro meat, artichoke, feta and kasseri cheese). Both were absolutely amazing. We then split the Chicken Astoria entree - wow, to die for. Chicken, canadian bacon, asparagus, button mushrooms, baby corn, snow peas, artichoke, almonds in a marsala sauce. Let me say that my fiance can eat, but even after the appetizers he was already feeling full. We didn't get far on the entree, even though we couldn't stop eating it. Very large portions. Somehow we managed to save room for dessert, since we've heard such good things about their in-house baker. Again, we couldn't decide, but ended up going with a slice of the carrot cake. As with everything else, amazing.It was moderately priced - not too expensive, but definitely not a nightly eat-out spot. We will definitely be coming back here in the near future though. There are so many more things on the menu we want to try. Would highly recommend to anyone in search of a fun different place to eat in the East Valley.
4	This has become a favorite after only a few visits. Fortunately I have had the opportunity to see many dishes with "tablemates," and much of what I have seen and eaten is extraordinary. The menu is large with lots of choices to confuse. So far, I haven't seen anyone disappointed.The only thing keeping it from being Five Stars for me is that the service can and often is a little slow, with various excuses given. Additionally, on a couple of occasions I have felt cramped in by the other tables being so close. The food, in both preparation and appearance here is FIRST RATE and while their extensive menu is too big to have sampled even a small percentage of it, somehow I feel it wouldn't be there (on the menu) if it wasn't going to be terrific.A great little "find," that has already been found by many.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in the valley! I'm vegetarian and I've never had a dish there I didn't like. They have a huge menu and a great wine selection. (The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the seating area is somewhat small and they don't do anything special for birthdays.)
2	I often use extremes in my reviews...."best service" or "worst logo"...you get the idea. Unfortunately, I'm not concerned about overusing superlatives in this review. Instead, eating at Euro Cafe turned out to just be weird. Like seriously weird.We walked into the cutesy gift shop/waiting area (think LGO for old ladies) and we were greeted by a very chipper young teenage hostess with whom we had some fun, pleasant banter. I was thinking....hmm, this place should be cool. Before we sat down, I glanced over to the large dessert case, which--from my friend's recommendations--was likely to be the highlight of the visit, and I was a bit surprised to see that it was half-empty. And this was at 7pm on a Saturday night.I wasn't too worried, though. Our server seemed great at first. She actually just sat down at our table and talked all about the menu with us....she was very helpful and made a couple of recommendations. She proceeded to take our drink orders, for me a glass of the Malbec and, for my dining companion, a vanilla latte. We had to re-try on the wine because they were out of the Malbec, but no big deal, right? Our drinks arrived, and she asked us if we had decided on our entrees.This was when her attitude got a bit weird and pushy. We told her what entrees we wanted, but before we could even tell her that we also wanted to try an appetizer, she jetted away from the table. If I may add, she left the table grabbing my companion's latte without asking if she was finished (she still had about 10% of the drink she wanted to enjoy).The server then brought our salads. Their salad is a nice, standard mixed greens and I ordered the yogurt dressing which was quite nice. We finished our salads, and being the good former server I am, I placed our plates--along with my fork--in a small pre-bussed stack on the side of our table. My friend asked me if I thought they would want me to re-use my fork, and I replied "I'm not planning on eating a $20 entree with a re-used fork". Note: I'm aware that $20 isn't like haute cuisine pricing, but I mean I just don't think you should have to lick the dressing off of  a salad fork to eat your entree at that price point. What happened next was very weird. The waitress stopped by, saw my dirty fork on top of my pre-bussing pile, then proceeded to--while I sat there perfectly still and silent--take my dirty fork off of my salad plate and move it over to my place setting next to my clean knife. Weird.Then our entrees came. Well, they were really tossed at us more than anything. She dropped the pork tenderloin in front of me and the almond tortellini in front of my friend, which is especially odd since the server had made such a big deal about me being a vegetarian. I'm not surprised, though. I had--just five minutes earlier--seen a full-on food auction at the table next to us because the server had no idea who ordered what. Anyway, back to our food. Our server just dropped the food and walked away before we could say anything....not asking "does everything look ok" or "is there anything else I can get for you". Of course, it wasn't the end of the world for us to have to switch our plates, it was just really weird.The good news is that my Almond Tortellini was amazing. It was full of fun surprises like sunflower seeds and pine nuts, and the sauce was heavenly. The tortellini were the perfect texture and consistency. My dining companion ordered the tenderloin, and although I couldn't try any of it, I couldn't help but notice that the amount of sawing it required to cut off a bite was more reminiscent of a pork chop than a tenderloin. In spite of the dryness of the meat,  it looked to be a nice balance of flavors, with a cherry sauce, grilled onions, and horseradishy mashed potatoes. The odd service continued, though. No one ever checked back to ask about the food, and when my friend's water went empty it was a full 8 1/2 minutes for the hostess to finally come by and refill it. Even more odd was that once we had clearly finished our entrees, it was a long time before anyone came by to take away our plates. It was 18 minutes between our last bite and when our server came back (yes, I was keeping track by now, because the whole thing was just so odd). She offered dessert, but by this time, we both just wanted to leave, so we asked for the check.When she brought back the check and my card, she suddenly was miss personality, telling us how glad she was that we came and how much she looks forward to seeing us again. Honestly, I wish she had been so helpful when we were actually still having our meal.Overall, the environment at this restaurant is just plain weird and uncomfortable. I would love to eat the Tortellini again, but if the price for enjoying that great dish is sitting through another hour of awkwardness in this restaurant, I'll just have to go without
5	This place was a really great find. I love the ambiance. It's fun and it reminds me of the San Francisco Bay Area coffee shops. Although they have good coffee drinks I was very impressed by the huge dinner menu. I was impressed by the quality of the dishes they are very gourmet but at the same time they are very generous on their portions and it's totally worth it.  I love the desserts too. I am coming back.
2	I was very excited to try this place after reading all the positive reviews and also seeing their extensive menu. Upon arriving, we were surprised to see just how small this place was (the pictures make it look bigger) and also surprised to see several leaks from the ceiling. Many tables were not available to be used because there were giant buckets at or near them catching water that fell from the ceiling (we had a storm a day before). Kind of off putting but we decided to stay and give it a try anyway. The husband decided to have a gyro since his logic told him that a euro cafe should have the best gyros. The waitress assured him that it would be the best gyro he has ever had. I opted for the pork molise which was pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon with roasted garlic, caramelized onions, apricot and cherry glaze with horseradish mashed potatoes.  We were informed by the waitress that there are no changes to any items on their menu which was fine with us. However, I think its ridiculous that they are completely unwilling to compromise in the case of food allergies. As a restaurant, I feel they have an obligation to do that. Anyways, the salad that came before my meal was good thanks to the feta dressing. It was very good dressing and my husband was disappointed when he got his gyro and it didn't have that feta dressing much less any feta for that matter. Feta is a key component of a gyro I always thought. he also said that the yogurt sauce didn't have any flavor.  Correct me if I am wrong but isn't tiziki sauce supposed to be present on gyros? Needless to say, this was not the best gyro the hub had ever had and he informed me that we make better ones at home using roast beef and ranch dressing. Haha. As for my meal, it was ok. But honestly, it tasted like something I have made at home out of the crock pot. I'm sorry but when I go to a restaurant, I expect to be wowed and to have a meal that I don't feel like I could replicate at home. Anyways, I am all about second chances so if someone wanted to go here, I would go but I don't know if it had enough potential for me to go back on my own.
5	The Mushroom Bistro Burger and fries is  $ 10.43 and feed 2 people well. I get water with it and you can get out with tip for $13 to $14 best burger in all of Heritage Court and the salads are awesome.
1	We've been to this small restaurant about 6 times, and the last 2 visits were disaster! The food is great and the menu is huge, but the service, on a scale of 1 to 10, has become about a minus 4. For a couple, things seemed to go well. But if yours is a party of 4 or more, forget it! Especially if you'd like a drink or some wine. The waiter (Doug, a totally disorganized wise-ass from Queens) for our last (and I most certainly mean that literally!) visit took about 25 minutes to open the bottle of wine and make & serve cocktails. Then there was another long wait for salad, yet another one for the entrees, and a prolonged wait for the bill, punctuated by much arm waving trying to get his attention. We blew 3 hours here, most of which was spent in frustration.Food: 9Menu: 9Atmosphere: 6Service: -4 and fallingWe'll never go back...
3	I enjoyed eating here, it was very little so it felt a little bit crowded but the food was awesome, and the wine selection is amazing! I will be going back!
4	Foods great and the portions are huge! Lunch prices aren't bad- especially since you can split almost anything on the menu with someone and still leave stuffed!
4	A little crowded and tight but good service and generally decent food.  They have a decent wine list and food is usually very good.  Some occasional hiccups keep this from receiving 5 stars but all in all this is a good safe bet.
5	Oh Romeo's Euro Cafe...you are so divine!  :)  And I never use that word...  Truly Romeo's food is so delectable everything from their appetizers to entres to the most delicious desserts imanginable.  The food is incredibly creative and original.  I have always had great service, especially at night.  They will help you pair a wine with your meal and according to your taste preferences.  One of my absolute favorite items on the menu is the Foccacia De La Provincia under appetizers.  It is so delicious and fun to share.  Also the asparagus chicken pita is very tasty.  And for dessert I suggest the dangerous dilemma, it is to die for.
4	We happened upon this little treasure while wandering around Gilbert and loved it! I had the Monte Karlo pita and it was delish! I'm usually pretty skeptical about places that claim to have authentic european/greek type food but the pita bread was some of the best I've ever had and everything was very fresh and authentic. I would highly recommend this place, plus they have a great wine selection as well!
5	Came here again for Valentine's Day. This place just keeps getting better and better. They were extremely packed but very accommodating, trying to seat us as quickly as possible. The meals did take a little bit longer to come to our tables due to it being a full house, but our server was on top of it, filling our drinks constantly without even having to ask, while we waited. And it was a special occasion being it was VDay, so my hubby and I just enjoyed getting to spend time together. Food was fantastic as always. We got the Spanaki balls to start off with. Yum! For entrees, I had to try really hard not to get the Chicken Astoria again, but what to decide on? Everything looked so good! I ended up going with the Tortellini Gianni - cheese filled tortellini, italian sausage, scallions, garlic, mushrooms, sun dried tomatoes, marsala cream sauce = delicious!I can't even remember what my husband got, but he was in heaven as well. And don't let me even start on the dessert...This place is going to continue to be one of my favorite restaurants in Arizona...by far.
5	Wonderful place...and great food.  Big portions...can share or take home to snack on later. :-) Good wine selection too.  Some people have complained that Romeo won't substitute...SO WHAT...there are reasons for all ingredients that go into a dish.  If you are so picky...stay at home and cook for yourself.   I hope Romeo never changes a thing.
3	Went here for lunch last week. Have heard all kind of good things about it. It was really just OK. I had some sort of pita sandwhich  - with chicken and artichokes. Although good tasting, you could not eat it as a sandwhich because the yogurt sauce was drenching everything else, which made the pita bread too wet to pick up. Since I had to go back to work, I did not need the yogurt sauce all over the front of my shirt. Friends had salmon salad - she said it was quite good. My boss had the spicy pasta and said it was actually pretty bland. Will probably head back to Liberty Market across the street next time.
3	Romeo's has good food, but be prepared to wait for it.  I took my friend here for her bday dinner and was disappointed that they could only "provide a candle if you order dessert".  I mean does it really hurt them that much to do a small brownie or piece of cake when my bill was over 100?  I think I could have provided the candle...but thanks.There wasn't anything special about this place that made me feel like I would want to return.
5	I went to Romeo's for the "Taste of Romeo's Euro Cafe Table for 10" onThursdays.  This was my first time and I was impressed!  Romeo himself sits with you while you enjoy a sampling of an appetizer, salad, 2 entrees and a dessert.  The wine sampling was also a delight.  All their food is made fresh (they don't own a microwave or heat lamps) and Romeo and his wife are passionate about the food they make.  We had the Spicy Lamb potato ball, antipasto salad, tortellini gianni and sherry cranberry pork and for dessert a variation of baklava.  Everything was amazingly good and I can't wait to go back!
3	I keep forgetting to Yelp about this place! Maybe that's a sign, though it wasn't awful. Another book club stop. It's pretty small, hence the "cafe". Very loud too, not the best place to hold a book club meeting. The food was very good, I had a veggie bleu cheese pita sandwich, which was very tasty, once they remembered that I ordered it. I would love to do one of their tasting nights, looks like a good deal and you can try several things on the menu at once. Also want to try their desserts- looked very yummy!
1	I now see my daughter and I are not the only ones to receive bad service here.  So sad since this place had the potential of being a real find. My daughter and I went here on a girls day out. We were at first excited to see the display case full of beautiful looking desserts. I had creme brulee. It was pretty good. My daughter ordered this chocolate shell tart with what was described as a white chocolate filling. It did not taste like white chocolate at all and it actually had the texture of Crisco shortening. Yes shortening!! Not at all what you want in a dessert.My daughter took one bite and put it down. I tasted it to see if it really was as bad as she said and I had to agree. No problem. I told my daughter "I am sure when the server comes back they will let you exchange it". When the server came back  she only said "Oh I am sorry you did not like it " and took it away. She came back with the bill with both desserts on it. She never asked us if we would like to exchange for something else. When I looked at the bill I said my daughter did not like her dessert could she have something else? She said she would have to "add it to my tickett". I told her it was not polite for her to ask us to pay for a dessert that clearly she only took one bite of because it was not good. She said it was policy to not take things off the bill just because someon did not like it. So...just like other reviews here I will not be back. If the customer does not like it. They don't like it. If they think you are rude and have terrible manners they won't be back.Your service always has to be as good as your food! If you don't even have good service you have nothing! You lose!Not a new concept.
5	The wedding this last weekend was great. Food, drinks and dancing by the pool could not have been better. Makes me think about doing it again just need a bride.
5	This place is wonderful and I hate to see when someone says something negative.  People should read the menu before ordering.  The menu clearly states NO CHANGES WILL BE MADE  (If this does not suit you then get up and leave) Too bad people cannot understand PLAIN ENGLISH. YOU 'ROCK' ROMEO!!
2	The good: They have a large menu with tempting descriptions.The bad: if you go on a group prepare to wait, and wait, and wait.The ugly: we found a maggot on one of the dishes, another got his order all mixed up.I don't mind that much anymore if a place ENFORCES a group tip, but at least be CONSCIOUS that your working team DOES deserve the tip. For the service and the LOOONG wait we had, it doesn't make much sense to leave more tip.
2	I got the eggplant Oscar, it was super pricey just like most of the entrees here. We had a bad waiter, he was very slow to begin with, we had a relatively big group. He had a very bad memory and wouldn't get my drinks until I had to remind him twice. One of my friends ended up getting a live maggot in their food, she realized after eating half of her dish. The waiter came to take it back in and was later joking about how the maggot was still alive. My other friend had his food delayed by 15 mins after we all had ours and eventually when it came out he got the total wrong order. All along from there or he was involved in a sarcastic banter with that friend of ours until he eventually got the order. Then eventually when it came to desserts, they never came out, we had to go pick up our orders after 20 mins. The waiter never got them out as he was busy with the checks, which took forever. There was some issue with the billing machine, so it took forever & then they charged so much for the gratuity , like 20% it was not professional considering how bad te service was( including the maggot in the food) it was shocking they decided to charge us anyways, irrespective of the maggot. Finally when I asked for the TogoBox, the waiter said he will box it for me and took it in and never came out with it, I had to ask him for it again. All in all, super-pricey, bad service, small place, unhygienic, there's nothing to go here for again, until they get better!
5	Always a great time at Euro Cafe!  The atmosphere and the food are amazing.  This is definitely my favorite "go to" place to feel at home and enjoy a good meal.
2	Yummy food. TERRIBLE time/order management. Came to dinner on a Tuesday night with my boyfriend, and it took longer than usual to get our order. Not a big deal since we were enjoying a night out together. But today, I called in an order at 6:50, was told 25-30 min to pick up, so when I arrived at 7:15, I was told it would be another 20 minutes! Unacceptable!
1	I have a hard time reconciling 'made fresh' with the a hard policy of 'no substitutions'.  If everything is made fresh then what's the big deal about leaving onion, mushrooms, cheese or anything else out?  What this says to me is that in reality the food is all pre-made and reheated when ordered, regardless of what the staff/menu says.I ate at Romeo's once and only once.  The food was sub-par at best and very overpriced for the lackluster quality.  The appetizer we had looked and tasted like boxed pasta microwaved with a lump of cheese, the entrees were horrid - cold, totally lacking flavor and style, the service was some of the worst I have received anywhere, including fast food joints.  Then there's the menu itself - way, way too large and varried to be able to offer any kind of real quality.  They need to pare it down to a single page of exceptional dishes and then they might be worth it - if they can manage to cook to order and get over their self-righteous attitude.I have to whole-heartedly agree with an earlier review - call Gordon Ramsay!  He would be absolutely horrified.Gilbert has some truly amazing food to be had, however, Romeo's is not it.  Instead take your money to Flancer's, Joe's BBQ, The Farmhouse (breakfast and lunch only - but wow, what a breakfast it is), Liberty Market, Joe's Farmhouse Grill and truly enjoy your meal.
4	Fantastic favors from a wide selection of  Mediterranean recipes you will not find anywhere else. I highly recommend Romeo's whenever you are in the mood for a Mediterranean type of meal from a menu unlike any other you have ever seen, in a good way!
4	Being a Gilbert resident and foodie I can say that I really appreciate having a place like this with great quality food and service.  Gilbert has only a handful of  non- chain quality restaurants and this is a must go. I did not try any entree item but the lunch and appetizer I had were delicious!.  If you are into wine they have a large selection and desserts are A-M-A-Z-I-N-G !  my husband had tiramisu and it was delicious (not to brag but we've been to Italy so we know what a GOOD tiramisu should taste like...) They make a feta dressing in- house and I was hooked immediately. So, if you like mediterranean flavors and european style desserts/coffee, give this place a try.
4	We decided to try Something new and non-chain, so this hidden gem came up.  Located in downtown Gilbert it's in a charming little retail property.  Tucked away, you might miss it, but the signage is there. The menu is massive, with a greek influence but with many other options, so there is something for everyone.  I tried the Gyro pita sandwich and my friend had the Penne Carbonara.  My sandwich was stuffed with yummy gyro meat, and the taste was as I would expect.  Very good!  I tried a bite of my friends carbonara and it was flavor packed.  Both dishes were a good size so you won't leave hungry.  They do have many options for wine and then some nice deserts in the front case that had us wishing we weren't stuffed.  It's a small place so not a tone of seating, and the kitchen is practically part of the dinning room, so it might get a little stuffy.  Service: AFood: A+Ambiance: BComfort: C (the heat of the kitchen was a bit much.)
4	The first time I was ever here was with my book club. It is a little small for a group our size but that's my only complaint. I have been there a few times since then and always received good service and great food.  The desserts are AMAZING! This is one of my go to spots in Gilbert for a solo lunch or dinner.  I would give it 5 starts but I was reminded that just because I thought my waitress was really hot that didn't mean they get an extra star ; )
5	My friend took me to dinner here to celebrate my birthday.  We participated in the Thursday evening dinner for 10.  It was fabulous.  The food was awesome and the wine selection outstanding.  I will be returning as often as possible.  This is a must visit restaurant.  The desert case was provocative.  The flavor combinations of the entrees far surpassed my expectations.This establishment is far superior to any chain in the valley.  If visiting from out of town make a trip here.  Tucked a little off the road, you just need to keep an eye out and you will find it.  Plenty of parking in the rear.
5	I have only had dessrt here so my review needs to be limited to that. Let me just say that there dessert is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! So you walk into this palce that is kinda hidden in a brick building. Upon your entrance you come upon a large display of all sorts of cakes, brownies, cookies, and other delicious goodies. It smells great and looks even better. The biggest problem I have with this place is deciding what to get. Luckily they are understanding and get they have to give me a while to decide. I pick 5 possible options and slim to one or two from there. Everything I have had tastes awesome. It is a party in my mouth and my taste buds love it. Should I mention the prices are also great? I am telling you, if you like dessert go here. PS: try their cannolis
5	The food here is always amazing. They don't allow subtitutions or alterations at all, but that's ok (unless you have an allergy.)  Great alcohol selection.BUT it gets weird...The second time we went here, the server, a woman in her 40s, was verrry chatty.  She sat down at our table with us and chatted about everything and anything.  At one point, she told us about how she keeps a box of Capt'n Crunch by her toilet and eats it while she's doing her business!  "Capt'n Crunch and Captain Morgan are my two best friends!" she said.  She actually seemed a bit drunk.  As my husband and I ate, my 14-yr-old son wasn't feeling well so he went to sit outside and get fresh air.  The waitress continued talking to us as we ate our meals.  At the end, she offered to take our plates or box the rest up and I told her just to take the plates, since we were going to a movie next and couldn't store them properly.  In front of the owner/manager lady who was there, the waitress (and I think the manager was in on it too!) boxed up our un-eaten food, saying she'd have it tonight for dinner!!! I'm pretty sure the manager took some of it also...including my sick son's half-eaten burger.  (My son was sick from allergies, but they didn't know this!)Overall, it was a really entertaining/surreal experience with great food. I'll go back again if I can make sure this waitress isn't there.
4	Hot night in Gilbert.  Who wants to cook?DS and I decided to venture up the street and try the Euro Cafe - a teeny tiny little place tucked into the corner of the Heritage Court which, incidently, is kind of a neat little building itself.We walked in and I thought - this is the place I read about? When you walk in, your first inclination is that it is like a soda and dessert place - but the hostess assured me that they did indeed have a dinner menu.And a delightful one full of surprises!DS, despite the heat, had to try the Shellfish Tortellini. It came with choice of soup or salad and he went for the soup (ok, i know - his Bubba taught him to eat and drink hot when it is hot, cold when it is cold - but seriously ;).  It was a spicy vegetable soup that was so tasty, he only allowed his mother who was picking up the tab to have one spoonful.  It was a light veggie broth with a nice hand of spice but not so overwhelming that you would not have enjoyed the veggies in it - most places either underspice and it is bland or are so heavy-handed that you can't taste anything else.  Chef obviously has a good sense of when to stop adding things to the broth!The Shellfish Tortellini was wonderful.  It came with a very light cream sauce that had just a hint of wine, not much.  The tortellini were tossed with chunks of water chestnuts, almonds, peas, capers, and red peppers.  And loads of shrimp with scallops.  DS gave it a thumbs up and brought home just enough for his lunch the next day.  Hmmm.....wonder who taught him that trick :)I wanted a little less so I ordered a Gyro and a small dinner salad.  The small salad was nice - mixed greens, a strip of pepper, a slice of cuke. It was not much for the price and I am not sure I would go that route again.  Nice, but I think it was overpriced.The gyro, on the other hand, made up for the salad.  Let's start by saying I am part Turkish and come from Pittsburgh, where there is a gyro shop on every corner.  I may not know much about agave nectar but I know gyros.  And I had the most pleasant surprise when I discovered -  drum roll please - that Euro does not use standard gyro meat.  See, if you eat gyros, you realize that restaurants typically buy the meat on the spit so there is a consistency from gyro to gyro.  Euro's Chef, however, missed that lesson and decided to make his own. OMG.  I am so ready to divorce DH and throw myself at the chef  It is a delightful blend of ground lamb and beat with spices, then formed into thin long patties that are grilled.  Again, OMG.  They are so good. I, unfortunately, had dreams of leftover gyro for lunch the next day but those dreams died quickly as I could not help myself as I ate the entire thing.If you love lamb, you have to try the gyro in some form here.When we left, we couldn't help ourselves and picked up a German Chocolate brownie to go.  Meh, that was not as impressive.  I got the feeling it had been in the case for a while as it had that "fridge" taste to it.  It consisted of a fudge-type brownie with nuts (I am a cake brownie girl myself but I could forgive that) that was so dense and rich that we could only eat it in small pieces over the next two days. Yeow.  A little death by chocolate.  It was topped with some white layer (I am a baker but I have no idea what the heck it was), then coconut on top of that.  I expected a more traditional GC brownie, complete with some rich caramel/pecan/coconut layer.  So the GC brownie was okay but I think I hoped for more. I will definitely try another dessert next trip in and see if it is more to my liking.So follow the signs and find your way into the Cafe and discover a great little secret in Gilbert!
5	Christina gave our group great service on a Saturday around lunch time. She was awesome. I believe everyone else loved the food as well. Generous portion sizes!
4	First time, before a play. Extensive wine list, very friendly and knowledgable staff,, reasonable prices. Be sure to make reservations. Large portions, well spiced, share at will. Would visit any time when out this way but wouldn't make 30 mile drive just to come. Went back for dessert as they were practically closing, and they were as nice as can be.
2	Average food.  Sorry I can't give a better rating.  Service was excellent.  Waitress was friendly.  All other open kitchen staff coming and going never acknowledged the customers.  Sandwich had wilted, nearly slimy lettuce.  Meat was lean but bland. The person that made the sandwich knows exactly how unfresh the sandwich content was.
3	Very cute ambiance.  House made pastries/desserts which are very rare because Desserts are an after thought usually.  Traditional/classic French pastry style desserts.Food was fantastic,  maybe a little over use of feta cheese.  The ingredients in all dishes are well thought out and bursting with flavor.  Fresh/hot.The only thing that was dissapointing was slow service.  The seating is limited so I suggest coming for lunch or weekday dinner.  On a busy night a server "should NEVER" be sitting down and just chatting it up while customers are pilled in the door waiting.  Hostess had no system and seemed a bit clueless to operate logically.  I did see the owner running around but I think she was busy flirting with the bus boy.
1	We had a poor experience with takeout not once, but twice. We really hoped giving the place a second chance would result in better quality food, but no such luck.The first time around, my husband ordered a bleu roast pocket sub and accidentally received a garden pocket sub. He said it was good, albeit runny. I ordered the tortellini kalypso and for the price, I was underwhelmed with the heaviness of the sauce and overall lack of flavor that so many Italian restaurants seem to screw up.  The two redeeming qualities were dessert and the spanaki balls.Round number two: My husband ordered the burgersub and said it's fine but slightly over-cooked. I ordered the artichoke salmon, thinking it would be tough to screw that up, but I was wrong. The salmon appeared to be seasoned with herbs of some kind but completely lacked salt. The remainder of the dish was too acidic with the hearts of palm, artichokes, and capers and nothing to balance it, and the white wine cream sauce lacked flavor (salt). Cut to dessert and I get three bites into my tiramisu before discovering a long, curly, black hair. Gross, gross, gross.I try to keep an open mind with dining establishments but the disappointment in quality of food here is all encompassing, especially for the price.
5	My very favorite place to eat in Gilbert, it is the tiny restaurant with the big menu and big portions.  We have always had great service and fresh, delicious food.
2	Walked here after having dinner at Liberty Market, since I couldn't have any of the desserts offered there.  After the friendly and very helpful female host helped to phone the pastry chef to address my food allergies, I placed my order of a slice of "Dangerous Dilemma" and a chocolate-covered walnut strudel and was seated at a two-top next to a window with a view of a parking lot.  I decided to while away the wait on the dessert by looking at the baubles on display by the entrance.  A few moments later, the host notified me that the strudel had cornstarch, so it's a no-no for me, and that  I would not be able to dine inside since I should not have been seated with an "outside drink."  "Would this be a problem?," she asked. I said no, paid for my to-go dessert, and settled on a bench outside the cafe.  While the two forkfuls that I tried of the multi-layered dense cake (cookie crumb bottom layer, dark chocolate fudge cake, white chocolate mousse, another layer of dark chocolate fudge cake, and then topped with raspberry coulis) were delicious, I inadvertently became the meal of ghost mosquitoes (so I had to pack up and leave, yet again).  All because I had a lidded to-go cup of Liberty Market drip house coffee with me.The $6.54 (tax included) cake slice was tasty (although almost a bit too sweet), and I can't fault someone for following house rules, but I wished my drink could've been overlooked.  (There were only two occupied tables out of 12 to 15 tables.) Heck, I could've ordered a glass of wine, or another cup of coffee, with my dessert had I not been turned away...
2	Expensive, long wait & just ok food.
2	I think it's great that they have a huge menu, but there is almost TOO much to choose from. Not to mention, the server didn't seem to know much about the menu. I enjoyed the decor and the wine bottle selections. The reason I gave this two stars is because we walked in 2 hours before they closed-- Our meals took 30 minutes to arrive, and when my friend didn't like his, and pushed it forward, the waitress didn't ask if he wanted a box or if he enjoyed it. He even told her it didn't taste the way he expected it to... I forced mine down, and let me tell you - minimal sauce and minimal flavor. What an expensive evening for such a horrible end result. Saw the owner/manager talking to her employees and obviously some friends of hers, but never came over to say "thanks for stopping in" like most business owners do. I won't go back here, and if I do, it would only be for their delicious desserts in the front display. It took us quite a while to get our bill too. Bleh. Never again.
2	Just returned from Romeo's after taking our daughter there for lunch on her sweet sixteenth birthday.  When we arrived, I asked the hostess if they do anything special for birthdays and she told me they would do cake and a candle, which would have been fine.  Upon finishing our meal, which was fairly good, but took a long while to receive, we mentioned to our waiter that we were celebrating a birthday and what the hostess had said.  He returned to our table, never once even saying happy birthday, and told us that they "don't really do anything for birthdays, but she could pick out a cookie".  We told him not to bother.  It seems to me that all employees should be aware of the restaurant's policy regarding celebrations.  I certainly will not be back for any type of special occasion; most restaurants will welcome a guest choosing to dine there to celebrate a special event and often offer a free meal or dessert-in the future, I will go elsewhere.
5	What an authentic place. The guy at Bergie's coffee told me to try it and glad I did. I took some out of town visitors here and they loved it. I was told not to try to substitute anything at this place so right off the bat I knew the owner had passion for his place. Kinda like the soup Nazi on Seinfeld.It looks like they serve coffee in the morning, they have a large variety of desserts. We went for lunch and were not disappointed. I ordered something I never heard of before some sort of cranberry pork tenderloin dish, it rocked. the service was kinda slow was my only complaint. They need more servers in there.The food takes a while to get out because they actually make real food It was the top spot for my out of town visitors, cant wait to go back.
4	Yes, yes, yes YUM and yes!Eat here - you'll get what I'm talking about. Yet another gem in downtown Gilbert. LOVING the outcropping of awesomes spots we're getting here!Fiance and I were starving and lazy and searched high and low for a place we felt like eating at. Settled here in this little cafe tucked away in the historical building. We walk in, and I'm instantly captivated by all the cool trinkets and things for sale in the enterence of the cafe. OO SHINEY!We were seated in a 2-top next to the kitchen in front of an endless row of wine bottles. Well if you're suggesting!I had a a red, fiance had a white. We asked our waiter for suggestions and got plenty of them. Helpful ones to boot!I ordered the Monte Cristo (which just proves my unbridled hunger, since I do not like ham), and other half got the chicken omega. Both were phenomenal! I would have them again and again, if there weren't 43 other things I want to try on that Holy Grail of a menu. And a side note - the waiters were so awesome and friendly. My fiance was impressed when after our plates were cleared, a waiter who wasn't even helping us asked how his chicken omega was. Very observant. He then proceeded to tell us that they use salty foods such as capers and artichoke hearts in place of salt on all the dishes. Which of course, mandated dessert. That my friends, is a WHOLE OTHER gushing review. Bottom line: eat here. It will improve your life.
5	Their fries are irresistible. Everything is excellent.
4	This is one of those restaurants that you will probably never go to...unless someone tells you to go there. So I am telling you. Go. It's so different and unique. You have to go with an appetite because the menu is large and inviting. I mean, the appetizers section alone could satisfy me for dinner. We tried the Focaccia and Peasant Platter. But the rest of the menu, especially their chicken plates, is amazing. I had to debate between pasta, which I really wanted to try and the caper chicken. It was fresh and flavorful and the portions were huge. Next I want to try the pitas. The menu is so authentic and the environment is casual yet special. You feel like you will never go to a place like this again, and that's because you probably won't! I went on a date and it was so surprising and not what I was expecting. It's a little pricey, but I feel, well worth it. This is no chain restaurant! You could go for lunch with friends or a nice dinner and that's what I love about this place. I will keep going back.
4	The ambiance is amazing. Very comfortable and the wine selection is Amazing! I would give it 5 stars but I want to try more items and some of their desserts made on sight.
3	While the meal I had was authentic and fresh (more onions than I'd like), I had to settle for the menu item because there are NO SUBSTITUTIONS. I am a diner who believes I should get exactly what I want when ordering at a restaurant because I'm using my hard earned money to pay for it. Romeos believes his dishes are created to absolute perfection and any deviation from this would ruin the taste of the dish. That is fine, but I didn't find perfection with the menu so I will probably not return for a meal. However, the desserts are delectable. Amazing selection. If I return it will be for dessert only.
1	The food was good, but not great. If you must try it you need to order to go because the service is horrible.I met up late with a group of friends who had made reservations for 7pm. When I joined them at 7:45pm they were just being seated. It took the waiter 15 min to get us all waters & just went downhill from there. We could never get the waiters attention. Once the food was ordered it did come out within a reasonable time. I only ate about 1/4 of mine and was planning on taking the rest home. It took us about 30 min to get the waiters attention to bring our checks. (It seemed he was the only person waiting tables in the restaurant, which, considering the size of the restaurant and the fact that we were there on a Friday night was unacceptable). I asked him to box up my meal. After he ran our credit cards I asked for my food. He apologized for forgetting, went to the back to get it, and then came back to apologize that they had thrown the food away. I really didn't want to wait any longer at the restaurant, so I requested a gift card or a gift certificate, which the waiter said he would get for me. Then he came back stating that they couldn't do that for me, but would make half the meal I had and put it in a to-go box. So, I had to wait another 10 min (as if I hadn't waited long enough), to get the food I paid for before I could leave. And, possibly the worst part is our party was over 6 and so a 20% gratuity was included on the bill. I am glad I didn't get a gift certificate because I do not want to go here again. Much better options in the area in terms of food quality and service.
4	I have been going to Euro Cafe since it was in Mesa probably 20 yrs ago.  It is my favorite restaurant, but it s certainly not perfect.  The food is excellent most of the time.  And, you must be okay with no substitutions, though, they have made some special order items for me because I requested.For quite some time, when money wasn t an issue, we were regulars and got to know the staff, especially the servers.  But, now there are different people.Sometimes service is great, prompt, attentive.  Other times it isn t.  You just have to be prepared and that sometimes things take more time.  Usually the food is fresh, but one time, one of the pricey, but very delicious desserts had mold on it.  It grossed us out.The food is pricey, but the portions are large.  Most of the time, the food is consistent, but the last time I went with my boyfriend, the steak fries we love getting with the feta sauce didn t taste right.  It seemed overcook and not delicious as usual.  The food wasn t up to par.  Maybe it s an off day.The food overall is fantastic.  The service usually pretty good.  I ll still continue to go here.
4	This place is what you would call "quaint".  has a boutique feel to it.  Hard to find even though it is located in the hot spot of Gilbert (right across the street from Postinos).  The place is small but the food is good and authentic.  The menu is HUGE and overwhelming.  Its really amazing how big their menu is when their kitchen is not the biggest.  I guess you cant say that they have a particular taste or menu other than European.  The dishes are pretty big and hearty and the prices are decent.  Definitely a good restaurant to goto if you want a change of pace and something different then the box restaurants. And the dessert menu/selection is GINORMOUS! and very delish with a big variety from Chocolate, creme brule, carrot cake, cheese cake and they rival that of fancier bakeries.Pros-fresh and authentic food-big selection of food-good service and knowledgeable staff-BIG DESSERT MENU-they have wine tasting nights (call to find out more)Cons-small, deff not a good place for big parties-overwhelming menu-dessert menu will DESTROY YOUR DIET PLANS
5	Been going to Euro Cafe for years, the feta dressing alone will keep me coming back. Our server was attentive and the food came out fast and piping hot. I get the fries with the feta dressing every time I go. The fries are nothing fancy but they serve as a perfect foundation for the amazing feta dressing. The garlic pesto chicken is awesome. The pesto cream sauce with the chicken and pine nuts is a mouth watering combination! Check them out!
5	Great little Mediterranean joint. Only uses the freshest ingredients.  Get the "Popcorn Calimari" for an appetizer! Get a side salad with the "House Feta Dressing"! I've never had a bad entree and they have always tasted delicious.  Thanks Romeo!
1	It was recommended that we go here. I was here for a girlfriends going away dinner. It was exceptionally oily. I had ravioli with artichoke. It was soaked in sauce and I had to dig for the ravioli. My friends had eggplant with layered meat sauce in between and she sent it back. It was all oil. The waitress said that they would definitely not refund her.... Probably the most rude thing I have heard. My other friend didn't speak up and just took the meal home but definitely didn't eat it. Very oily. I would not go here again or recommend it.
5	My daughter found this restaurant by reading a review from Yelp.  We went here for dessert this evening after eating dinner at a different restaurant. You can gain weight just looking at the displays of yummy cakes cookies, tarts and candies.  I couldn't believe how big the dinner menu was. I know I will be back to try a real meal in the near future. Even though we had to wait about 10 minute because this place was packed it was worth the wait.
2	My wife and I tried the Euro Cafe this weekend. Place is small and quaint with a huge dessert display case in the entrance and looks amazing! We were greeted by friendly hostess and servers and were excited to give it a try.Received our menus. All I can say is WOW -- overwhelming. Although many items seemed to share similar ingredients, it's extremely difficult to do that large of a menu well -- especially in such a small restaurant. We got even more nervous when we saw one of the staff walk right through the dining area with a large bag of frozen stuffed pasta to the kitchen. This happened again later with something else, but I couldn't see what was in the bag. Not sure if they are making trips to the grocery store or they have a walk-in in a different area of the building, but it wasn't very professional and was an indicator of what was to come. Anyways, the food. Well it looked nice and was a large portion but it went downhill from there. Both entrees seemed like a confusing jumble of flavors and textures overwhelmed by the different marinated/flavored ingredients that made up the dishes. In both cases, the protein (shrimp, chicken) tasted like they were boiled or poached and had little flavor. Anyways, maybe we just ordered the wrong things. But to be honest I won't take the chance again to find the better ones. Maybe the chef/owner needs to reduce his menu by 50-75% and concentrate on what works well. Its pretty hard to do 100 menu items (my estimate) without compromising.
4	I wish there was a three and a half. I'm actually torn on how I feel about this place. Some things on the menu are the BEST, and some are a miss. Absolutely the best and biggest Gyro, I've ever had. I've ordered their Stuffed Gyro Platter and their regular Gyro, both were awesome! If you have a picky kid, leave them at home, they refuse to leave out an ingredient or substitute an ingredient. Service is hit or miss. They always seem to be packed and under-staffed. One server for like the entire place?? It's insane. They don't use salt, why I don't know, so some things come out bland, like their deep fried spinach appetizer ball (don't know the actual name). But then other appetizers are so good, we fight over them.Menu has a lot of variety and servings are good size. It can be pricey though. I'll go back, but not during busy lunch or dinner hours.
3	I will give this place 3 stars for their dessert and wine only.  So many yummy desserts to choose from and it's a very cute little restaurant.  The down side of this restaurant is A) There are way too many items on the menu- leaving little ability to perfect a few good items and B) The food is waaay too rich and/or oily.  Both my husband and I got sick after eating here (on separate occasions).  So needless to say, I don't think I'll be indulging in dinner items here anymore.
4	Right in the neighborhood. You can stop in and eat a meal with great service, nice ambiance, and cute high school girls who will kindly make sure you are as comfortable as possible. The menu isn't enormous which I appreciate. So many restaurants make the mistake of packing everything they've ever made onto the menu to appear like they're doing more. But personally I rather see just a few items to choose from that are done extremely well. Romeo's has a few things, done well. So good for them. Plus it makes things for my indecisive self much easier. If you were wondering I got the Monte Karlo, and it was delicious.
4	Great place for an iced tea!
5	Nothing else like it in Gilbert.  Great alternative to the normal dining experience.  Taste of Euro Cafe on Thursday nights is a "must try" for those looking for amazing food, good conversation and an event as opposed to just a meal.Can't recommend Euro Cafe enough!
4	Adorable place in downtown Gilbert! A tad pricy, but worth it since it's not your boring, typical chain. I love huge menus and this one is massive. So many choices. I love pasta with tons of stuff in it and I was happy to see every combo in the world on that menu! My husband got a toasted sub with avocado, pastrami, bacon and swiss and it was the best sandwich he has EVER had! Wine is amazing and several desserts to choose from. Service is kinda slow due to there only being one waiter in the place, but the food was so good, who cares! Come check this place out. I guarantee there is something on this huge menu you will love!
4	Depending on what you order, Romeo's fluctuates from 4 to 5 stars and is truly a neighborhood gem!  Was there on a Tuesday evening, very quiet, good for us, bad for them.  Their entrance and parking is in the rear, lots of room.  The four of us ordered one appetizer and three entrees, which come with soup or salad.  As my yelpers warned me about the dinner salad being small and average we ordered soup of the day,  white bean and pork, which tasted wonderful but was just tepid, not hot.  Our appetizer as per the menu:  (Mushrooms Meteora:Baked button mushroom caps filled with feta cheese,capers, artichoke hearts and dill.)  Very tasty, a bit tart, lots more shredded artichoke than mushrooms. 3 - 3.5 stars.My wife had for her entree as per the menu: (Salmon De Provance:Salmon fillet baked in parchment paper with, pea pods, scallions, red peppers, asparagus, onions in a caper tomato clam sauce).  She rated it a 4.5 stars.Our friends ordered as per the menu:  (Seafood Santorini:Shrimp, calamari, capers, scallions, red peppers, basil pear tomatoes, kalamata olives with feta cheese finish).  They had been here many times and always order this dish which I assume they would rate it 4.5 -5 stars.And for me, a dish I shall never forget or even get tired of, whose flavor and goodness took me by surprise, the wonderous  and abundant pork tenderloin, as per the menu: (Pork MoliseGrilled pork tenderloin, wrapped in bacon, roastedgarlic,horseradish mashed potatoes, honey caramelizedonions and apricot - dark cherry sauce).  The potatoes were delightfully creamy,  mixed with small potato chunks and a mild garlic/horseradish flavor, accompanied by caramelized onions made with red wine I believe, and a fruity sauce that perfectly complemented this dish.  How can dark red ripe cherries cooked with apricots and some wine be any worse than a 5!  I give this dish a 5++ stars.It will be very very difficult not to order this dish when I return but their menu I'm sure hold more treasures.  This is truly fine dining.
5	Just a quick review.  Lunch was yummy.  :)I really wanted to talk about customer service.  Christina is an amazing hostess!!  I wanted to say Thank you!   I think it is easy for some people to forget that service matters!  It was a wonderful experience!
4	We ate here last night and had a decent time. The menu was extensive and the portions were large. Two people can split an entree. You do have to wait a bit for your food, so order an appetizer or some wine. Dress is casual.We did hear of a five course tasting menu they offer on thursdays. For 25 dollars you get 5 courses to try and if you want wine pairing it is 8 bucks. Yes, it is with each course! Something we will have to try next time.
2	The menu is large and looks like it is full of enticing options, but the food was just so-so.  I really liked my server (Zach) but I could have done without the patio furniture you have to sit on in the dining room.  Overall, you get the feeling these guys want to be exclusive fine dining but the dining room feels like the kid's table at thanksgiving.
4	this place saved the night!for my birthday my boyfriend was putting together an evening with our friends. we'd drink some wine, have some tasty goodness, and just have a lot of fun. he called up Postino's East the Tuesday before the night out and made a reservation for 8 people at 7pm. all set right? WRONG. when we arrived at 7pm we were notified that they did not in fact have our reservation and the place was packed so it'd be a 1.5 hour wait. wth? no bueno :(. a friend suggested we try the Euro Cafe at the end of the street. i'm really glad we did!Euro Cafe was exceptionally nice and was able to put together a couple of tables for the group (including a baby). service was extremely friendly and their selection of wines and desserts was fantastic! i ordered the "Morning After" cake and couldn't believe how delicious it was! apparently the white cake was soaked in sangria and included white chocolate, chocolate granache, and this strawberry chutney that had the most perfect strawberry flavor. loved it!thank you for saving the birthday evening, Euro Cafe! i'll be back to try all those desserts in the case ASAP :)
1	Note: I did not eat there but I find it necessary to report the following:During the week of October 21 2013, several colleagues where my husband work got very sick after eating there. As of today, 3 have been to the hospital, 4 others have had some gastric problems. One group ate on Tuesday and almost all of them missed work due to illness.
1	Euro cafe was pricey and the food was fair. I had the lamb gyro. It was just ok. The cucumber sauce was fair. My wife had the ravioli witch had more cheese then ravioli. Fries were over cooked. Won't eat it again. So far it's the only restaurant I won't return to in downtown Gilbert.  Thumbs down.
1	BE ADVISED:  A group of 4 employees where I work and some vendors that took them to The Euro Cafe in dowtown Gilbert were diagnosed with food poisoning just last week.  A few have been treated at the hospital, while others are home fighting through it.   VERY SERIOUS - the proper authorities were notified and are collecting data of everyone affected for the department of health.
1	Went once and won't be back to give it a second chance. At first glance it looks nice enough.  The large dessert case upon entry caught our eye.   We were seated relatively quickly.  The menu offerings are varied and some might agree there's too many choices.  I've heard a lot of famous chefs say over the years that you should pick a few things that you do very well and stick to a limited choice of excellent dishes.  That's probably good advice here. Prices seemed high for what we received.  Add to that both appetizer and entrees were somewhat cold and very bland with virtually no seasoning.  Best part of the evening was asking if they could leave the cheese off a salad and being told absolutely not, that they do not allow any customization of their menu items.  When there's so many other great places to go in such close proximity in downtown Gilbert, you're going to yell at your paying customers that they can not, in fact, have it their way?  Seems like a bad business model if you ask me.   Also it begs the question - just how many of these items on this vast menu are pre-made vs. being made-to-order? Honestly it was quite a disappointing experience.  I see quite a few of the other 1 and 2 star reviews have voiced similar issues, so at least I know our experience wasn't entirely unique.
4	I live in Tennessee and my parents live in AZ.  Every year I crave going to Romeo's during Christmas break.  Fantastic place.  Definitely get something that involves the feta cheese salad dressing.  Avoid the Mediterranean Gyro.  Every single other menu item is amazing.
4	I love the place.  Every dish is unique...no Applebee's microwave stuff here.  Yes the menu is extensive but that just means you have more to chose from.  Whatever you do make sure to leave room for one of their fantastic desserts.
4	The spiced chai latte is one of the best things I've ever tasted!Slightly on the expensive side, but has a great location in downtown Gilbert. The desserts are amazing as well! Highly recommended, it's definitely a must if you're walking around downtown Gilbert.
5	My wife and I stopped here on a Saturday afternoon. Food was fantastic, service great.  I even learned a few things, like feta dressing is a lot better than feta cheese and gyros meat is a lot more than just something carved off a cone ;the gyros were fantastic.Definitely coming back. Everything was fresh and delicious.
1	What happened to this place? Used to be a nice secret tucked away in gilbert. Now its just blah. So sad
5	I've gone back here several times but most recently with my husband.  Their wine selection is stellar.  The portions are generous enough to have leftovers for lunch the next day.
4	Well I must say a little, no a lot disappointed. I remeber back in high school thinking how cool this place was for coffee and dessert. It still is for that.  Dinner was bland. Yep that is all I can say no flavor had two apps,  soup, and dinner.   The only ones in the place the whole time for dinner (well over an hour). THE plus side our service was awesome! !!!
4	Love this place for times when you are looking for something different than the sea of chain restaurants we have out here. If you get a chance, I recommend the chefs tasting. It's a lot of fun to do with friends, you get to chat with a very interesting guy, you will probably sample some dishes that you might not ordinarily try, and if you pair it with wine, watch out. The wines were nice choices, and I didn't even realize how easily that wine was going down until I realized I was having difficulty walking upright.
1	Beware of this restaurant if you have any food allergies. They refused to make ANY changes to the menu items regardless of my food allergies (I asked for one of the salads without tomatoes and cabbage because I'm allergic to them). The waitress interrupted me to say, "We don't make any changes to our menu items, no substitutions or subtractions." Even after I explained that it was due to food allergies, she wouldn't budge. This policy isn't noted anywhere on the menu or in the restaurant either so I had no idea until I was blindsided by it while trying to order. Needless to say, I will not be giving them any future business.
4	Don't expect fast or super professional service. Saying that, each dish is made by hand so it takes a little while. But the results are delicious. The menu is very extensive, but my favorite is the lamp gyro with thick cut home made French fries with extra tahini sauce for dipping. Delicious! This place has great food and is inexpensive!
5	My wife and I have been going there for years and love it. Probably the best in Gilbert hands down.  Every time we go we try something different, you will not run short of choices.  The people who complain about an over extensive menu are probably the same people who would complain that there were not enough choices at other places or they order the same thing over and over at each visit somewhere else.  You go to a place like this to try different things in life.  Yes, it takes a little time to get your order but that is because the items are made to order, not sitting in a warming bin somewhere in the kitchen like the large chains.  We have never been disappointed.  It's quaint and tucked away.  The wine choices are extensive.  We have recommended this place to several of our friends and no one has ever been sorry for going there.  Give it a try and try something that you will not get anywhere else and enjoy!!!Don Y.
4	My friend and I had stopped in to check it out, we had a great time! The service was amazing we were told everything was made to order and our orders would be able to custom if we didn't like something.So I wanted to take my Fiance backWOW Server was HORRIBLE- I told the server that I was not a big fan of sauce on my Gyro, he told me they were unable to omit the sauce.. weird considering the server the week before had told me the contrary.So I just ended up with a traditional Gyro so I can have it on the side... well when it came out there was literally a cup of sauce on it... I was pretty annoyed. So I asked to have the sauce on the side. This server was horrible.I had to ask to get drinks, ask for sweetener, He was so soft spoken that we had to keep saying "HUH", "WHAT", "AH EXCUS ME" Probably will go back but if that server is there again, I will end up at BBQ I think.
1	Stopped in to place a take out order at 6 PM during the week and there were 2 other tables with guests eating food.  I placed one to-go order. I watched people come in be seated, place their order, and to my surprise and dismay, the groups of people that came even 10 minutes AFTER I placed my order got their food first. Its not that my order was a complicated dish. I flagged down the waitress that took my order and told her I had been waiting for 40 minutes and why was one take-out order taking so long? she shrugged her shoulders and said, "Its always like this." I told her I wanted to talk to the manager, and she said there wasn't one there. I asked her to check on my order, and she did and said, its almost done (it wasn't).  It took one hour and seven minutes until I got dinner!!!  I left a message for the manager to call, and I did not get a return call.  I stopped by to talk to the manager, and was told they were in a meeting. I gave it one last try and stopped by, and the manager sent the message that he was busy in the kitchen. I asked the waitress how long would he be?  She asked him and came back with the message, "When I am done."  How unfortunate that the manager does not care about customer service. I'd rather go to a restaurant with leadership that cares.
3	I have driven by here multiple times and always wanted to stop in. We finally had the bright idea to come in and check it out.The menu is HUGE. I mean HUGE. It took me about 20 minutes to go through it (much to the chagrin of our server, I'm sure). If you are panning to come in, take a look at the menu prior to coming in to narrow down your choices prior to taking a seat, trust me.The service was great, the atmosphere is very cool and it definitely has a euro vibe to it. The menu is a little on the pricey side for what's being offered.There had a few good veggie options...but to me meatless is not always healthy. Most everything here is covered in cheese or sauce or is deep fried, which quite literally stresses me out because I don't prefer those options. Yes, I know I'm being a bit dramatic. :)I ended up with stuffed peppers. It has brown rice and veggies covered in cheese and baked. Decent. But holy cheese!I may stop in and give it another shot in the future, but for now it's checked off of my list.
1	Quite a disappointment. Service was extremely slow and... odd. Food was really overpriced for the quality. I think the ravioli I had was from a freezer pack. This was nothing I couldn't have easily made from home. Overall, an expensive lesson in eating at Romeo's. Won't happen again.Update: leftovers were inedible due to incredible amounts of oil.
4	First off, you walk into this place and it smells like a European cafe should: competing hints of baking bread, roasting coffee, and various cured meats and cheeses. The wife and I each tried pasta dishes, she the Penne Carbonara and I the Roasted Almond Tortellini. The tortellini were perfectly cooked, and the flavors of the stuffing and the sauce were mild enough while still being hearty and satisfying. We tried the Night Before cake for dessert, which was like an incredibly dense cocoa mousse on a macaroon crust. Definitely as good as it sounds! We will certainly be back, but probably just for coffee and dessert because this place is a bit pricey!
5	Went to the party room for a reception.   We got to sample a bunch of the food.   It was so good!  The service was great also.   Will definitely return!
4	Walking into this place I had no idea what I was headed into but that it was a hole in the wall spot.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The menu had a lot of options and being that I like Greek food I understood the menu.  I saw a few people that were confused with the menu but I say "give it a shot"The portions were also surprising as they were huge and we could have shared our dishes.  Food tasted great.  I had the feta Cheese Gyro.  I was warned it was very heavy and it sure was.  Loved it.  loved all the flavors of it.  The food was great for my family's palate.The desserts are also amazing.  I had no room for them this time but shall be back for some of it in the next week or two.  They were short on help and service was slow but we did not mind as it was a leisure Sunday meal for us.  Service was friendly and I felt that they did care about us and our business.  Definitely will be back!
5	I love Romeo's service and food from the minute we walk in til the bill comes!  The hostess Hallee is super sweet and competent!  The server,  Melody,  was extremely knowledgeable!  The wine list is extensive as is the menu and everything we ate was delicious!  I recommend this restaurant to all my friends!
1	I have just finished dinner at Romero euro cafe and I am extremely disappointed. It looked appealing from the outside and we were seated very quickly, however the remainder of our experience went downhill from there. First of all, the menu was overwhelming; at least 30 different entrees and 20 separate appetizers. This should have been a clue regarding the quality of the dishes.  Nevertheless, we ordered 2 appetizers which took over 30 minutes to arrive and then our entrees followed in about five minutes. If the food had been spectacular, or even edible, the timing would have been forgiven. However, I truly believe that due to the large menu and quick turn around time that most of the meals were either pre-made or frozen. Even the manicotti was unappetizing and could not be eaten. When we asked for Parmesan cheese, we were told it would be an extra 1:50 charge. We left our meals untouched and the waiter did not look surprised. It was a waste of money and I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. Save yourself, your cash and your stomachs and frequent one of the excellent places across the street.
4	I had a great time @ Romeo's Euro Cafe for his 3rd Tuesday, 3 wine pairing courses which included a salad, a main dish & the dessert that even impressed me, all for $30   I recommend doing this experience, we had a great time. The ambiance, the people combined with good food and wine was like having dinner with friends. We walked in as a two top but left as part of a large group that filled this little cafe. I am looking forward to next month!
5	Apparently she is everyone's supervisor!!!I walk in to try some awesome desserts because Romeos has some high reviews online, only to find some woman screaming at an employee for being 30 minutes late. And it wasn't normal why are you late screaming, it was I am your God kind of screaming. She said word for word; "I am your supervisor!!! Your supervisor!!! Supervisor!!! After Romeo and after so and so, there is me!!! Me!!! So where are you gonna be???" Not sure what she meant but I had to say something and no matter how much I told her how inappropriate this was to do in front of your guests her only response was I didn't see you standing there. As if that was relevant. You could hear her even after shutting the doors. I try food places for a living and I for sure will never try this place because of the lack of conduct and behavioral skills that is common sense to most people. I'm sorry Romeo, that supervisor needs to be stopped.Update: spoke to the owner and made him aware of the situation. Bully managers should be stopped. He's a nice guy and seems to be way more suited as management then that crazy supervisor. Five stars because of how he took care of everything, and when I try the food because I will give them another chance, I'll write a separate review.
4	This is an other gem in Gilbert ... not as hip-and-happening as Postinos, but the food is great with a pan-European approach (everything from Greek to French). The service was very good and certainly not rushed. The wine by the glass selection is extensive and prices are reasonable. This is an excellent choice for 2 or 4 people who want to sit down and talk over a great meal ... my only dig on the pace is its extensive menu. I'd be far happier with fewer choices.
5	Love this quaint family owned place. Chef owned. This may not be place for 6 kids and fast service but it is for a nice quiet quality adult meal, exp their wines and desserts.
3	My wife and I ate here for lunch because most of the surrounding restaurants were packed, but they had plenty of tables available. There were only a few tables with patrons so we were seated immediately.The menu is several pages long making it time consuming to look through, so the waiter was asking us if we were ready to order before either of us were. He was very patient with our need for more time and recommended the Feta Gyro when I asked what was good.We also ordered the Eggplant Cappicola appetizer and the Avacado Pita (for my wife). The eggplant and prosciutto in the appetizer were overpowered by the cheese and breading, and a bit bland. Meanwhile, my gyro was overly salty but generally enjoyable. My wife enjoyed her pita, but couldn't really taste the avacado. Overall, Romeo's is a pretty good restaurant with decent portion sizes, but not somewhere we're likely to come back to often.
5	I've been eating here for well over 10 years. Sometimes once a month and other times every 3 or so months. I have never had a bad meal here. Not even close to average. I've never left without being completely satisfied. I've only had about 1/5th of the items on the menu. All of them are great. Some of my favorites are the Calamari, Chef Salad, Coconut Fried Shrimp, Feta Dill Fritters (are a meal in themselves), Spanaki Balls and Gyros Platter. My 2 top favorites are the Pasta Rustica (love the sausage and shrimp) and the Penna Carbonara ( ask for extra bacon) Oh so yummy.     I always take about half of what I order home. You really get your moneys worth here. No little dollop of this or squirt of that on your plate. You get a real "cooked from scratch" meal made less than 20 feet away. Like any good place, you will wait for that fresh food and it's totally worth it. Enjoy a glass or bottle of wine from their huge wine selection. If your smart you'll take home something from the desert cases and enjoy it later on.      The food is wonderful. Period!
2	We have been going to Euro Cafe for years (old Mesa location too back in the day) for special occasions as well as regular dining.  The food is 5 stars but I am giving it 2 stars after today's service for a special occasion.  Euro Cafe needs to step it up with their wait staff.  The restaurant was not busy on a Sunday night and the waiter took a while to come over and greet us.  However, there was no hello or greeting when he came over to give us our waters.  He barely spoke or had a personality.  We were there for my mom's bday dinner and ordered a bottle of wine, main courses and dessert.  The waiter never even said Happy Birthday after we told him it was my mom's bday and she was even opening presents (Bday celebration was pretty obvious).  Very disappointed in the effort the waiter did not put forth for a special occasion and barely spoke to us when he waited on us.  This place is not cheap by any means and I would expect higher quality service for this establishment.
4	We went here New Year's Eve prior to going to Hale Theater. There were 4 of us and it was fairly empty. By the time we left (5:50), the place was packed.Ambiance: Walking in and seeing the dessert display was very appealing! The choices were fantastic! The openness and decorations are nice. However, it was fairly cold out and the cafe was very hot. I am guessing this is due to the open kitchen. Since we got there and only a few tables were taken, the noise level was good. Service: We were seated and promptly asked for our drink orders. Even though they knew they had a busy night coming, the staff was friendly and courteous. I've read other reviews and did encounter the poor experience as the others.For those who are in a time crunch, I would recommend arriving a bit early. The food is cooked to order. While the service may seem slow, for most European restaurants, it was quick. From time of arrival to departure, it was 1 hour 15 minutes.Food: As others have stated, the menu is quite large. We started out with the Romeo's Choice Skins, which were very tasty. I ordered the Ravioli Calavo, which came out piping hot due to being a baked dish. The dish was very good, although a little too saucy. The addition of the avocado to the dish really made a tasty difference.Dessert: Since we were running late, we decided to come back for dessert. The choices are plentiful and all very good.
