5	Welcome to the Happiest Place on Earth...at least on the east side of the Valley! Welcome to BevMo, where everyone shopping has a strange, contented look in their faces as they stroll down aisle after aisle of beers, wines, and any other liquor you can think of.Short for Beverages and More,  this wonderland offers a wide variety of anything alcoholic at very, very reasonable prices. Aside from the liquors, the super store also offers a variety of liquor accoutrements (i.e. corkscrews, wine glasses, decanters, designer bottle openers, wine bags...you name it, they have it) that can help enhance your beverage experience. Their wine selections are categorized by color and regions, and you will definitely be impressed. Of course, the champagnes are in a different league, and yes, they do have a section of their own. But  what about the non-alcoholics, you may ask...Why, yes, they do have those! They have the standards--Coke, Pepsi, Pepper, etc.--and they also have the kinds that come from smaller soda factories.Now what about the price, you ask...Let's just say, I've bought a gorgeous bottle of Belvedere Vodka (citrus flavor) for $18 (!!!). Unheard of, as far as I'm concerend. Grey Goose? I've seen it as low as $20 a bottle (!!!). And here's one that blew me away...Last holiday season, I stumbled upon an impressive Belvedere gift pack that included a 750 ml. size bottle plus two exquisite-looking martini glasses for...drumroll, please....$30!!! Needless to say, that gift pack sold out fairly quickly.Here are two more features that will add more fun to your trip: there is a wine tasting bar that stays open for customers to give their featured wines a try. AND...they do sell cigars...COHIBA! Forget discount party center...this is where you should go for your party needs!BevMo has that frequent shopper card that all major grocery stores have. If you have accumulated $200 in purchases, they give you a discount coupon towards your next purchase. Also, according to the friendly check out person I encountered the other day, you can shop online and just pick it up at your nearest BevMo. Sadly, I think this is the only BevMo in the state...and thank god, I live near it!Salud!
3	This place is well organized, clean, and of course stocked with all kinds of alcoholic beverages, sodas, cigars, glassware and snacks.BUT it is a chain and I would much rather visit a locally owned establishment.  While I applaud the fact that they may be exposing more people to beer other than Budweiser and Coors, all of this 'fancy' beer and liquor is available at Tops Liquor in Tempe as well as Sun Devil Liquors in Mesa (and many other places I am sure). Actually, Tops and Sun Devil  have an even bigger selection and the beer is available at a much better price.  But this is about Beverages and More!   Bevmo is bright and shiny and appeals to the suburban woman who might be afraid to brush up against an unsightly hippy in the aisles of Tops.I did give it 3 stars because there are good deals to be found on liquor, they have a great selection of glassware, they have a tasting bar and they are a one stop party shop for all of your drinks, snacks, stogies and barware.  Also, everyone that worked there was very friendly and helpful.  Heck, I would give any place that sells stinky cheeses at least one star!There is another bevmo! scheduled to open in the Tempe Marketplace this summer.
4	Damn! Somebody beat me to my "Happiest Place on Earth" title? What are the chances?Point is, I am a big fan of BevMo. Why you ask? They have booze for days, that's why. They have those cool little Heineken mini-kegs that actually work like kegs, and all kinds of great foreign beer. Employees I have dealt with have all been extremely helpful and surprisingly knowledgable about the drinks they're slinging. Respek!
5	I love BevMo.HUGE selection of wines.  HUGE selection of beers.  HUGE selection of liquors & spirits.  Pretty much anything kind of accessory you could want for a cocktail-y party.  Reminds me a lot of Binny's back in Chicago.
4	Great place. Whatever your poison might be (Get it? C'mon ;) ) you will find it there - Beer, wine, hard liqueur, mixers, malts, syrups, etc. and they are from all over the world, from most popular to the ones your go like "Where the heck is that place???".There is also large selection of helper products - cheeses, crackers, spreads, cups, glasses, gift sets, etc. Reason i am not giving this place all the stars - prices! I feel they could drop them a buck or two and also carry a bit more ~$5 a bottle wines. You know, not everyone can afford 15+ bux a bottle for dinner all the time.All in all its an excellent store, if you in the neighborhood - drop by and check it out. "I like"Eugene
5	This place is heaven, the Valhalla of alcohol. Tons and tons of choices, beer, wine, Scotch, Cognac, Whiskey and Bourbon, Vodka, Tequila and lots of other things you or I have probably never seen or heard of, like the Danish alcohol with Cocoa leaves.18 year old Jameson? Georgia moonshine? $20 six pack of beer? Icelandic Vodka? Ouzo? Cigars? Cheese? Olive juice for martinis? They have it all. Nearly every country and every spirit is represented here. You will be hard pressed to not find what you are looking for, in fact, you will find more.Depending on what you buy, the prices are great. There is a reason BevMo is popping up all over the valley.The only bad thing is I wish I thought of it first.
5	Because I was used to shopping at the BevMo in La Mesa, when I found myself suddenly in Arizona, I located this store in the Yellow Pages and made the trek out there on a run to the Michael's and Joann's in the same area (about a 15-20 minute drive from the house).  I found the clerks here to be almost as cheerful and friendly and helpful as my guys in La Mesa.  I do have to keep my loyalties to home base though.  This store had the items I was used to buying in San Diego which was very convenient, I just had to stock up a little more because it wasn't 5 minutes away like my home store.The guys here always commented on my little key chain BevMo card because they don't have those here.  They usually knew I was from Cali before I even pulled out my ID because of that.  After a few trips they even started remembering me and saying hi when I walked in--one of the things I like about my home store, too.  Whatever they do to train these guys they do it right.  That's not to say some of the clerks just aren't naturally friendly people, but BevMo does seem to attract more than their share of great employees.  I hope that never changes.
5	Clearly, I should frequent here more often.  I was looking to purchase some alcohol to spike my Sonic slush I got during happy hour, and I felt like I walked into an adult Toys R us.The selection here is huge!  Wine, liquor, beer and galore.  Great full selection, along with amazing prices.  If you sign up for a membership (which I understand is free) you get discounts off your purchases.  Prices are awesome, store is clean and well kept, and prices are clear and easy to see.  They carry a great selection of product, and even though I am not a drinker by trade, I feel like I could not go wrong in this place.Shop here for good booze!
5	Become a member! Get a card to rack up points on the alcohol you buy. If you're a lush like myself and my friends then it'll pay off in no time.  I just took advandtage of their 5 cent sale. Buy one bottle of wine get the second for 5 cents. If you shop online they have other liquors as well and you can pick them up at the store. And if the store doesn't have it, they can order it for you. Everything you could ever want or need or didn't know existed related to drinking is in this store.
5	When I moved here, I always say this place but didnt know what the heck it was until I said I have to see whats in here, and when I walked in it was like a beam of light from heaven hovering this place.  This place is so bad ass, any type of alcohol from beer to wine they have it all and becoming a member is great to rack up points, so I am always hitting this place up friday after work!
5	Oh Bev Mo how I miss you!!!I used to live five minutes from this location and would shop here at least once a week.Bev Mo is an alcoholics paradise! They stock hard to find beers and wines that you won't find at most liquor stores. Now that I'm living in Central PHX I'm at least 15 minutes away from the nearest Bev Mo, so now I have to resort crappy, over priced liquor stores.I have always found the prices at Bev Mo to be great and cheaper than you can get at the grocery store or liquor store.  They have an excellent selection of booze.
4	The original BevMo in the valley, if memory serves me well here.  Selection is better than some of the other locations and service has never been a problem for me.  Convenient location not far off the I-10 on the north side of the road.
5	I was so excited when I saw this place opening. We moved here from California so this was yet another thing we left behind. Fortunately all our favorites are slowly following us here. Eventually California will fall into the ocean and we'll have beach front property and we'll be set. I digress. This BevMo particularly is really well stocked and large. Larger than a lot of California ones and the people here are all really helpful. If they don't have something in stock, they can order it for you and get it in pretty quick. They used to have a great bar in it with wine and beer tastings but it's gone now. Some problem with licensing - I'm assuming liquor license. I can empathize with the bureaucracy. I just filed our quarterly taxes and its driven me to drink - hence BevMo.Even if you have nothing in particular to buy, take a walk through. It's like Disneyland for adults. Unless you're a Mormon. Then it may not be for you. But if you're not, it's great. (Special bonus - HUGE selection of tiny liquor bottles to stash for lame dry wedding or to keep on hand for general times that require tiny bottles of booze.)
5	I've been a frequent flyer at this chain, i.e., a card-carrying member of the BevMo army. So I was thrilled when I relocated from California to Arizona only to find BevMo a hop, skip, and a jello shot away from my new residence. I fondly recall stocking my home bar in California mostly through BevMo shopping sprees. Upon this visit, I was looking for very specific ingredients to make an Alamo Fizz. I read about it in an issue of Texas Monthly magazine, when I tragically ALMOST lived in Houston. I don't have anything against Texas, but the trauma persists of moving there and then having to suddenly move away a week later. Thankfully, I can wash away those memories by kicking it in Arizona with a Texas-inspired cocktail. But first, I must mix up that puppy.As it turns out, they have different kinds of limoncello here. And I am stoked they carry Bitter Lemon Soda, as it has been an elusive mixer to track down at times.I'm no stooge... I can still underprice BevMo on the mega-gluggers of brand name vodka and gin by going to Costco. (Mega-glugger is a technical term, equivalent to the metric measurement of 1.75 liters.) But when it comes to specialty mixologist ingredients and an amazing beer selection, I stalk the aisles of BevMo.
4	Second only to Total Wine in terms of price and selection.  I really enjoy that their beer selection, although not fully comprehensive, features a number of individually packaged beers in the refrigerated section - something that Total Wine doesn't have... yet.  Also enjoy the weekly sales and the accessories selection.
4	Their employees are knowledgeable and the samplings are cool. Beer selections are limited compared to Total Wine.
1	Not a fan. Go to Total Wine instead - much cheaper & great options.
1	I had not been to Bev Mo for a long time and when walking around I remembered why this place is so overpriced.  Save yourself some money and head over to Total wine plus a lot better craft beer selection.
5	One of the smaller BevMo's I have been to, but I love bevmo because they have everything that I have been looking for and it is super cheap.I have been looking for a good long island mix everywhere. It just sucks to have to buy 5 different types of alcohol for one drink. I finally found Potter's long island mix here and it is great! Great for long islands and even for AMFs. I also have some barware from here and they last, I still have them from long ago.The employees are always very helpful and will help you find what you need. I am 22 and I got a $50 gift card from my 21st birthday. There was still some money on it. At first it was not working, but the employees were persistent of getting it to work. They found out it was expired and still tried to help me out. They told me if I come when the manager is there, she will be able to do something, very helpful!
4	Got beer?  No?Need specialty beer?  This BevMo might be your spot.  There have been more than a couple of times when a  seasonal specialty was at the end of it's run and my roommate can only find it at this location.  Of course, they you're SOL because we'll buy all that's left on the shelf. hahaMight see ya there!
5	love this place... wanted a good bottle of scotch. Total Wine had it for $15 less and the price matched.
5	Love my bevmo. I can always find what I want here. Service is great. Prices a great. My only complaint - I have a kiddo and it would be helpful if they offered to help me get the booze into my vehicle. Other than that I love my bevmo!
1	I recently had a terrible experience at the Bevmo on I-10 & Ray. I ordered a keg of premium beer for a 40th birthday & the transaction went fine. But when I went to use it, the keg put out foam all night! I did everything I was supposed to do from keeping it cold to tapping it correctly. We ended up going to Fry's and just buying beer for the party! When I returned the keg & explained the issues nobody cared. I spent over $180 on this keg. They said they'll check it with the company they get it from & see if it was bad & the manager would call me back...still waiting...I will never shop at Bevmo again after getting no compassion or a call back! Stay away from this store!
3	pros: its a store that only sells booze!all of the booze is indate and fresh!cons:Its a bad place for a giant lizard who's vocation is destroying things.
5	I just absolutely love this Bev Mo more than any other bev mo in az ! All of the staff is so wonderful and perfect ! Have never had one problem or complaint ! I work for a promotional company so I do a lot of tastings through out the valley and my favorite place to go is here !  They treat all their customers with the most upmost respect and make you feel right at home !  If I could give them more stars, I would !
2	I've been to this BevMo! more times than I would like to admit in the past 3 years.  After visiting the BevMo! at Tempe Marketplace 3 or 4 times when I was in that area, and getting 3000% better customer service and friendly employees, I have decided to switch my loyalty to that location.  We stopped in to this one for the last time a few days ago and the couple of employees out on the floor were more intent on stocking shelves than saying "howdy" to customers, or making sure there was room for customers to get by.  I wanted to say, "Don't you hate it when those darn customers get in the way???"The young man who rang us up appeared to be new there and seemed to be flabbergasted at our collection of booze and got the giggles.  Weird.  Dude, if you're going to work at a large liquor store, you're going to see some things.  I subscribe to All About Beer, Draft, and Whisky Advocate.  We mean business when we go to the liquor store.I've never used the term "Meh" until now.  Meh.  I'll go where my cartful of craft beers and tequila and bourbon and Irish whisky is greeted and thanked with a smile.
4	Love BevMo's 5 cent wine sale! And now it is all the time and you can even mix and match. What a great way to try new wines! I only wish this store was larger. The one at Tempe Marketplace is bigger and had a better selection, but it farther away for me.
4	Big fan of BevMo! Great selection, awesome sales (especially the $.01 sale), and a lot of drinking accessories available. Great place to get your booze!
2	I went in to the store to pick up an order that was placed online. I first had to wait for a while until someone came up to the front to ask if needed assistance ... which I thought was fairly clear that I did since I was standing up at the cash register. After that, one gentleman looked for my order and couldn't find it so he called someone else up to find it. After the other gentleman finally came to help me, he said they had misplaced a piece of paper for the order that they need signed by me. I had to wait probably for another 7 or 10 minutes for him to print out the form so I could sign it. The only good thing however, was that BevMo was very accommodating. The order was placed by someone I know who lives out of town & I was able to go pick it up after they gave special instructions when placing the order online ... I just had to show my id.
1	Very poor beer selection, didn't have the Sazerac rye I was looking for either. The place was not busy, but the service was terrible. I waited to check out with literally zero acknowledgement from the staff so decided to leave and take my business elsewhere.
5	My friends from California always go to bevmo and then a buddy from here in Phoenix told me to go there and get some specialty drinks. I was pretty amazed at the selection.  Including the soda selection. I also buy all my beer mugs there. They have a good amount of drinking glasses to choose from as well
5	BevMo! Chandler is my new place to go to for Kegs. I used to go to Total Wine until they totally forgot to place my special order for a 1/2 keg of Boston Lager and didn't even have a 1/6 keg available until they could fulfill my original request.Reasons I now love BevMo! - 1) You can place a special order via their website (unlike Total Wine, you need to call them and hope whoever you spoke to actually places the order!) and 2) When I visited the Chandler store to pickup a 1/6 - the guy actually got it from the back, brought it to the front and then loaded it into my truck! I had a cart ready to do it all myself -- but the guy insisted on doing it all for me. Great service! Couldn't even think of better service. BevMo! is also a little cheaper and has a rewards program - they will send you a 5% off coupon once you spend $250. Superb service! I wish I got his name so I could mention him in this post. I did tip him (as he tried to run away - "Hey Wait, This is for you!".
5	Just moved to area. Been going to bevmo in Scottsdale and was happy. But this one, impressed. I tried a new wine, didn't like. They took back a bottle and half for a refund no questions asked. I need to get used to set up but that won't take long!
