1	This place is downright disgusting in their treatment of animals. Do not board your horse here. It is managed by mentally disabled farm hands and an absent, immature woman named Hiedi Unger. I've personally witnessed mice, rocks in feeders, piles of unshoveled poop, botched medical treatment by quack friend of the owner doctors, horse blankets left on in 90+ degree heat and other neglectful practices.
4	I visit the ranch on an almost monthly basis and have always seen the best of care provided to all of the animals at the ranch. Heidi manages the ranch hands-on and is almost always on the site. She also provides a great service to the community by providing jobs and job training to individuals with special needs. Her staff is top notch. Stop by unannounced and see for yourself.
1	First, I'll talk about the Pros.  The Pros are the boarders.  Nicest people you'll ever meet.  Plus, you have miles of open trail riding.  However, speaking for myself the Cons out weighed the Pros.  The Cons are the following:  inconsistency in feeding times (especially on the weekends), stalls cleaned every third day, once a month manure is spread within horse's stall, water buckets are changed once a week on Friday (unless a Holiday falls on it then it's the following week), horses are fed alfalfa cubes twice a day unless specified (leaving a lot of unsatisfied horses losing weight or over licking salt blocks), manure is dumped in riding arena, most of the staff including the special needs individuals lack insight on equine health issues, horses are moved from stall to stall without talking to horse's owner first, the Ranch Owner never walks the boarding area to address boarder's concerns or look at the boarder's horses (personally, I saw her twice in two months and I try to be there at least five days a week) and finally the Ranch Owner's behavior was unprofessional by yelling at me in front of other boarders  She should have pulled the me off to the side and spoken to me privately.  I wouldn't recommend Rocking H to horse owners who are proactive advocates in their horse's well being and overall care because it wouldn't be appreciated at this facility.  These facts are what I observed and experienced first hand.  The Owner will tell you I'm disgruntled and inexperienced.  I'm the first to admit, you can never learn enough when you own a horse.  Information changes day by day and it's important to have an open mind to new ideas.
5	After looking at numerous other farms in the Las Vegas area and being absolutely horrified, this facility is without a doubt the best around and was a breath of fresh air.  Heidi, the farm owner, manages both of her facilities with utmost care and attention to detail.  She doesn't overcomplicate any process and allows the horses to just be horses!  She is willing and able to accomodate all boarders' needs, but the most important thing to her is the horses' care.  The staff that takes care of the stalls are top notch and taught the safe and correct way to handle and act around horses.  I wouldn't keep my horses anywhere else in the area.
1	If you have ever been here you would not have to read a yelp review to know it's an unsanitary disaster. If you haven't been here, I recommend not even visiting because it will make you depressed that people allow their animals to be housed in such conditions. Poor care and abhorred conditions are the standard and anyone who is not content with that will quickly move to another facility. There are many other low cost boarding options on the outskirts of Las Vegas and while they may not be 100% ideal, there is nothing worse than this establishment. Keep your horses safe and healthy. Enjoy your time when you're out with them and have peace of mind when you are not out with them that they are well cared for. Do not make the mistake of boarding your horses here.
