4	I believe Ritz Transportation is for shuttle services and Ambassador Transportation is for limos.  They are somehow related and intertwined, but my experience specifically with Ritz Transportation.I "yelped" airport shuttles before going to Vegas and decided that this was the shuttle I would keep my eyes open for.  When I arrived in Vegas, there was Ritz located outside baggage claim door #11 (like the website says).  Go up to the window, buy a ticket and just hop on the next shuttle.I didn't have to wait more than a couple mins for the shuttle and perhaps another 10 more mins for the shuttle to fill up with more people.  As I waited, I stared out the window at a HUGE line of disgruntled customers waiting for Grey Line airport.  Pricing is reasonable ($6.50 OW or $12 RT).Unfortunately, the trip back to the airport sucked - probably a 2 stars kind of suck (but that was the driver's fault).  Pick up was supposed to be at 5pm and he came at 5:25pm.  I called the Ritz hotline at 5:15pm and they confirmed my pick up time etc.  They even seemed worried that pick-up wasn't on time.  Either way, I got to the airport with plenty of time to spare.  The people are friendly and shuttles are clean.
3	You come out of McCarran International Airport and instead of heading for the cabs, you decide to try a shuttle bus. Simple idea: pay $6.50 for a one way or $13 for a round trip ticket, and you tell the driver which hotel you're headed for.The only problem is that the cheap cost is inversely related to the amount of time you spend in the van. Since we were staying at the Wynn, it look us nearly an hour to go from the airport to the hotel. This is no fault of the company, but rather something to keep in mind.What was attributable to the company was the sloppy driving and the driver eating her chips and drinking her soda while driving. Not cool. Especially when she arrived at the Excalibur and her rear right tire slammed into the curb and as we rolled over it, the bus lurched up and then slammed down.It's cheap...that's about the only good thing.POST-TRIP RECAP: At the end of my trip, I got a ride from my friend so I didn't need the return trip. They informed me I could refund my ticket so I went to the airport, gave them my receipt, and they refunded my money!! That's actually worth an upgrade to 3 stars. This is really just a time vs. money call - a cab from the Wynn to the airport and vice versa will be $13-20 depending on time of day, so if you have at least two people - cab it. Solo? Bus it.
4	I also "yelped" airport shuttles before going to Vegas and after reading several reviews I decided I would go with Ritz. I followed the directions and walked right outside of baggage claim door #11 (like the website and yelp reviews said).  I paid $6.50 for a one way ticket to the Flamingo! The shuttle was clean, it had air conditioning which was a BIG concern of mine because Vegas heat is the worst, and the driver was friendly. There was only about a 5-10 minute wait because the driver waited to fill the shuttle before getting ready to take off but this is expected with all shuttle services.  Seating was comfortable and I was pleasantly impressed with their service!I didn't plan on taking them back to the airport on my way home but was very happy with my experience the first time around that I ended up riding with them again. On the way back to the airport there was no wait time... I was able to hop right in and we were on our way. I would recommend them.
4	I went to Las Vegas on Halloween weekend. I had a great time! I was staying at the Excalibur and they didn't have an airport/hotel shuttle so I did some research and found Ritz Transportation. I had been advised by the hotel to take a cab because they said it would be quicker because the shuttle services make a lot of stops.Upon arriving at the airport, we found the Ritz Transportation counter and we were told that the Excalibur was the first or second stop from the airport so we decided to take the shuttle. One way was $6.50 and rt was $12.The shuttle bus driver was very pleasant and we arrived to our hotel in less than 20 minutes.We decided to take the shuttle back to the airport at the end of our trip. Making reservations was very easy. You do it by phone (712-889-4242). The driver arrived 2 minutes late and he was very apologetic. He said he always strives to be early or at the very least, on time. It really bothered him that he was 2 minutes late for our pick up. He took an alternate route to the airport to save time and he got us there very quickly. I absolutely recommend Ritz Transportation services for anyone going to Las Vegas. The buses are 10 passenger vans, not the large AC transit variety. They are air conditioned and very clean.
3	The service was fair.  The only thing I didn't like was the shuttle driver trying to shake us down for a tip when he dropped us off the hotel.  Was practically demanding it.  One more thing - you have to pay for your ticket in cash.  I'll likely try another shuttle service next time
1	TOTALLY LAME! THEY SAY ONE PRICE ON THE WEB SITE THEN CHARGE YOU MORE IF YOU ARE STAYING SOMEWHERE NICE! WE  WERE STAYING AT ONE OF THE CLOSEST PLACES AND THEY STILL CHARGD US MORE THAN PPL ALL THE WAY DOWN THE STRIP.  THEN THEY TOLD US TO CALL ONE HOUR BEFORE AND WE DID. SORRRRYYY!  CAN'T HELP US!  and they did not care. So make your reservation 24 hours and not get stranded like us.
1	Before you read the rest of my impressions, let me just say that I prepaid for the round trip for two, and Ritz left us stranded for our 4:30am return. If that doesn't tell you to run, read the rest.First ones on the shuttle meant a 20 minute wait for the bus to fill in a bus without the air running. Then the driver over-filled by 1 and then had to rework the math and seating even though we were completely crammed in. Also, the a/c was off while we waited (in the desert...) and it never really recovered once we were in motion, so it was a hot, cramped ride.We were staying at the Excalibur, which was supposed to be "one of the first" stops. In fact, it was the 3rd, after Bally's and another stop in the center of the strip. Start to finish, it was just over an hour from the time we paid for the shuttle to the time we were dropped off at the back of our hotel (as opposed to the front where cabs leave you and you can get porter service).As I said earlier, they left us stranded for the return trip. We ended up taking a cab which cost exactly the same as for two as the pre-paid trip, and a cab to the hotel would have actually saved us .50 cents (yes, tip included) compared with the shuttle and would have probably gotten us there 45 minutes sooner.
4	This review is solely based on my one single ride to my hotel.  Based on my past experiences and from reading fellow yelper reviews about shuttle service in Vegas, I decided to just pay for a single trip to my hotel.  What was nice about Ritz was that they had a huge jumbo shuttle bigger and more roomy than those ones from Showtime or Bell.  Since I got there early, the shuttle was pretty empty with just 3 passengers.  Then I thought it was pretty interesting how the shuttle took off with only 3 passengers.  I so amazed to find that I would be the first to get dropped off.  Usually when I take a shuttle, I'm usually last or second to last.  That was probably the fastest trip I ever made to my hotel by shuttle.  I guess I was super lucky!  Best $6.50 invested that morning!
1	My email (even that was a chore) explains things...This email was originally addressed to info@ritztransortation.com and info@ambassadorlasvegas.com , but both of those email addresses  bounced.  I called 702.889.4242 obtained this alternate email address - please forward it to the appropriate management person.  Thanks!Dear Sir/Madam,I wanted to let you know about my experience with Ritz Transportation doing my recent visit to Las Vegas.  My companion and  I arrived on Alaska flight 622 at 3:48pm on Wednesday, Oct 20.After we collected our luggage and just before heading out of the terminal, I transferred a pair of Oakley sunglasses housed in a hard case from my carry-on bag to my suitcase (it was raining that day).  My companion can confirm I did this.  From that point forward, the only time my suitcase was out of my possession was when I handed it to a driver at the rear of one of your shuttle buses.  We then boarded and were transported to the Monte Carlo.  We checked in, went to our room and when I began to unpack, I immediately noticed that the sunglasses and case were missing.It does not take much detective work to know what happened to these glasses.  They were removed from my suitcase by either the driver or a Ritz luggage handler.Since we were on vacation, I did not want to spend my valuable time trying to make phone calls to address this issue, but rather waiting until my return to Portland to let you know what happened.Needless to say, I am very disappointed that I lost my $200 sunglasses (a gift from my wife) to a Ritz employee.I will stand by for a response - If I fail to get one, I will post this email to various review sites (Yelp, Virtualtourist, Travbuddy, etc).Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.Response from Ritz...Good afternoon Mr. Presten, I understand your frustration in loosing your sunglasses; however we have searched the lost and found for any Oakley sunglasses and asked the driver that was driving that vehicle during your move if he noticed anything left in the vehicle. At this time nothing has been turned in matching that description and nothing was left in that vehicle. I am sorry for your loss and if something turns up we will contact you immediately. Thank you, Ami Fewell Executive Assistant to Alan WaxlerDirector of Affiliate & VIP Group SalesMy final response:Ami,Please understand that I appreciate your effort, but you have to understand this from my perspective.  I know what I know.  I know I unzipped my bag at the baggage collection, inserted my sunglass case into the bag and then wheeled it out to your shuttle bus.  I collected same bag at the Monte Carlo, checked in bag in hand and upon entering my room, the bag no longer contained the sunglasses.  Simple as that - they were removed while in the possession of your employees - end of story.  I will, in all fairness, post your response when I post my review of my experience with Ritz Transportation on the internet sites.
1	When I arrived at Las Vegas, I was told the MGM didn't have their shuttle anymore by someone at the visitors' desk..... "Federal Cut Backs!"  was the reason the jerk gave me. Thanks, Las Vegas Visitors Bureau for lying and saying I had to buy a shuttle ticket, which I did with Ritz. I didn't have to; I could have gotten a hotel voucher. Ritz recommended I buy a round trip ticket, so i bought it. I found out later I could have gotten a shuttle without calling 24 hours ahead of time to an 800 number that was disconnected. Plus,  I could have gotten a voucher from my hotel to pay for the shuttle.
5	I paid for round trip, no problems, about 4 or 5 stops on our way to the hotel, I called as instructed 24 hrs in advanced and asked for a 8:30 pickup.  The driver was there waiting on me at 8:20. We had 1 stop on the way to the airport. I will use them again on my next visit . Iwas really suprised this experience was that good after all the reviews I read saying how bad the shuttles in Vegas are.
4	I used Ritz skeptically after reading the previous reviews. They delivered. As long as you follow the instructions of holding onto your return receipt and calling 24 hours in advance to schedule a pick up, Ritz was a great offer.They wait until the van is full and we were the last to get on so I'm not sure how long the others were waiting.The only issue we had was Ms. Abigail told us the # of the van that was en route to pick us up but another van showed up beforehand. We got on it anyway instead of waiting like idiots. So besides the mix-up during departure, everything was fine.
1	Stay away from this shuttle "service". Although the trip from the airport is fine and pleasant, we bought a round trip ticket at the airport thinking it was going to save time & money. Nope. I called in advance to reserve our pickup from the Luxor for our 6:05pm Sunday 11/13 departure and they told me that they didn't have any shuttles going to the Luxor for the entire day, except at 9:30 AM? WHAT?????????????????????????THIS IS LAS VEGAS!!!!!! These people take your money even though they know they don't run all day. If this information was made available, I would have saved my money and just planned on taking a cab back to the airport. Which was the exact same price as the shuttle in the first place. Basically, save your money and if you are staying at a hotel at the beginning of the strip, just take a cab, it will cost you the same thing or nearly the same. I will never use this shuttle again.
1	THE SAME BAD THING HAPPENED TO ME!!! Driver completely forgot about picking us up at Luxor to catch our flight. We almost missed our flight because the driver's MIA. He refused to pick up the phone and lied to the operator that we were not there, whereas in fact we waited for more than an hour for him. When I confronted the driver later (whose phone number I happened to have because he misdialed me earlier for confusing my itinerary with another passenger!!!), he had to admit that he forgot about us totally and hanged up abruptly for "in the middle of driving." When I tried to get a refund at the ticket sales booth, the lady there was so aggressive that she actually walked out of the booth trying to hit me. Trying to get hold of the accounting office to get a refund was equally frustrating. I mean, I was already almost missing my flight and just want my money back, and they have made it impossibly hard.All the 1 star reviewers (which should be 0 star anyway) share the experience that Ritz shuttle service is UNRELIABLE and stood the passenger up. Urrr...
1	I will NEVER recommend this shuttle service to anyone.  Upon arrival to LV, we boarded the Ritz Shuttle, the driver said it would be $17.00 for 2 to the Cal.  The shuttle was quite full with people going to either Main Street and The Cal, upon leaving the airport, we asked the drive to turn on the Air as it was very hot in the shuttle, he instead turned on the heater and we were cooking in the shuttle, he would not even acknowledge anyone of us in the shuttle.  About 10 minutes of cooking he said to open the windows, which was not an easy task and he did not explain to us how to do so.  One of the passengers finally got the windows open and we were okay.  I can not believe the drivers do now know how the shuttles work.  This made for a misserable beginning of our trip.  He then would not give us his name and when we departed the shuttle, he tossed a few of the bags to the ground.  This happened on Tuesday, March 6, 2012 at about 9PM LV time.  Yes, I agree, Stay away from this shuttle service, as it is a disservice.
1	Best word to describe this company is HORRIBLE!! I only marked one star because I had to! Every single driver we had between 2 different casinos was rude, not helpful and just plain nasty to all of us! They let you know that the last scheduled pick up is at 12:05am but then they drive right past you and don't even let you know that they are still dropping off at 12:05am as well.  REALLY? Because you can't pick up and drop off at the same time considering the shuttle service is between only two casinos? My next step with this is complaining to each casino about this company . Has no one heard of customer service??
