5	I was actually at the Baby Gap next door... and I was really, really impressed. First, I don't the first thing about shopping for an infant or newborn, i don't like being in children's stores and i don't really want to spend money on children. but, as it happens, i must attend a baby shower. it hit me first while at Target when i walked past all those tiny little easter dresses and gloves. so wandered through the racks and picked up a pink something or other and thought 'this'll do' before realizing it's way too big for a newborn. i tried to make heads or tails of their size system to no avail and left convinced i should never, ever have a child.then i walked by Baby Gap, and walked IN to Baby gap for the first time ever. first off, their stuff is way cuter than target (and thankfully none of their onsies said crap like "boyfriend stealer" or "heartbreaker" - ok, that is just inappropriate) and, like Gap, when that stuff goes on sale, it really goes on sale. i picked up three onsies that feel nice and soft and features age-appropriate images of flowers, ducks and bunnies. $15, done and done and over in less than 10 minutes - yes! plus, they gave me very nice gift box and ribbon. double plus good, i'm a fan.
5	Love this gap! Easy to find and all the employees are super nice! The whole store is huge but doesn't look like it from the outside! Dressing rooms are pretty good sized but could use more rooms. Mirror in the dressing room is huge which I like! The prices can be a little high but are worth if for the quality! The lines always go fast which is good! The clearance and sale section is huge! Definitely will be coming here a lot to check out all of the great sales!
5	The Gap at Scottsdale Fashion Square has gone above and beyond in the customer service department. They continue to impress me and are always super friendly! I came in the other day looking for kids shoes for family photos. They were out of both sizes in the shoes I needed, so an employee searched the system to find they were in stock, but perhaps misplaced somewhere. They looked all over the store and found them! It made my day!
