5	I have hired Rob of Ultimate Carpet Cleaning for the past four years and have always been extremely happy with the results.  My fiancee wanted to get his carpet cleaned before Easter so I suggested he call Ultimate Carpet Cleaning.  We told Rob we didn't expect miracles because his carpet gets a lot of traffic (2 big dogs, grandchildren, etc.).  There's no way I would have thought this carpet would turn out this well.   I even thought about taking before and after photos and now I wish I would have, because you would definitely have to see this to believe it!  I have referred this company to many of my friends and they have all been (without exception) extremely pleased with the results.  Ultimate Carpet Cleaning gets a 5 Star  rating for consistently over 4 years doing a better than expected job cleaning my carpet, clear communication, quality attention to detail, promptness, duration of time spent for the service and a great price!
5	I first hired Ultimate Carpet Cleaning about 4 years ago because one of my students (Jimmy) worked for this company and recommended them.  He had worked for one of the chain carpet cleaning companies before working for Ultimate Carpet Cleaning and told me there was a big difference in companies between the quality of work expected and the importance put on detail.  This student worked alongside the owner of the company and was very impressed with his work ethic.  I have referred this company to friends/co-workers and they have all been (without exception) extremely pleased with the results.  I just had my carpet cleaned again and as always they did an excellent job.  Four years and no complaints.  (Jimmy has since finished school and is off working in 3rd world countries).
5	We decided to try this company after speaking with Rob. One thing I liked was that Rob and his wife, the owners, do the work themselves. They arrived on time, were efficient and did a very good quality job. They cleaned up after themselves, and were friendly and charged a reasonable fee. I will definitely call them again! I should add that this was a residential job, cleaning only the "high traffic" areas on two floors. Everything looked great!
5	Had the stairs cleaned in my condo today by Rob. FANTASTIC JOB!  Rob was professional, friendly and very hard working.  While I have "self-cleaned" my condo stairs before, the job that Rob did was far better than I could ever have done.  Efficient, friendly, cost-effective are only a few words I can say!Thank YOU, ROB!!!  I will recommend you highly!
