4	Really good atmosphere, this bright and fun campus location features a menu on flat screen TVs, Korean "tacos" and "burritos", sushi, bi bim bap, etc.
3	I was hoping to be the first to review but oh well :)Spoon House Korean Kitchen just opened on Green Street this week. I was pretty excited to go sometime this week. From the name of the place, Spoon House, I was hoping to sit in front of a hot bowl of traditional Korean soup on a nice cold night but the name was a little deceiving. The place was very bright and well-lit. The menu was lit on flat screen TVs which was a pretty cool feature in the restaurant. The menu consist of Korean-style tacos/burritos, Spoon House trays (Korean-style meat entree), and rice and noodle dishes, however, the menu was limited and a little random? One of the random dish was a ramen and kimbap combo (korean-style sushi)  which seems like a genius idea since this place is located on a college campus. I mean, what college kid wouldn't like that? My boyfriend and I (yes, I mention him every time I yelp... we like to eat a lot) shared a 3 taco combo special which include a fountain drink for $6.95 and Bulgogi tray. We also got an extra taco (each taco cost $2.00) to divide the food equally. The wait for the food was a little long since it wasn't busy which I can see as an issue during busy hours, but I didn't mind the wait. More importantly, let me talk about my meal....The tacos were nothing special. If you get the 3 taco combo special, it's nice that you can mix your pick of types of taco meat (bulgogi beef, bulgogi chicken, sweet and spicy chicken, or spicy pork). In my opinion I thought the tacos were eh okay. On a good note, the tacos felt light. I didn't feel like I want to roll home like I do when I eat Chipotle's burrito. The Bulgogi tray was pretty disappointing... maybe because of my Korean background, and growing up with awesome Korean mom/cook, I judge Korean meals critically. The bulgogi tray came with rice, side salad, 2 puny potstickers, an eggroll, and sweet potato fries. Suggestion... if you claim you're a Korean restaurant, why wouldn't you add kimchi in the tray? Kimchi is ubiquitous dish for Koreans. It's kinda of an insult to not have Kimchi at a Korean restaurant. Overall, the experience (food, service, atmosphere) wasn't terrible but  it was mediocre. It seems like Spoon House has catered their menu towards Western's taste. The food seems healthy and fresh, which you don't really get from other restaurants on Green Street. I wouldn't mind going to there again, but I might have to try something else on the menu. I wish their business good luck.
2	Nice decor and design.Love it, actually.Not a fan of the food. Too much rice in the burrito. not made so that each bite has a bit of everything, as i'd like.i had the pork beef burrito. it was alright. if you like cilantro, you'll enjoy it a little more.complimentary water cups!1 star for decor/design1 star for all you can eat kimchee.
1	I don't know why my review was filtered. I was merely truthful. I will try to be nice now: this was one of the truly worst food experiences I've ever been through. In our generous (and food-wise varied) Urbana-Champaign, I can only think of Great Impasta (POST-change of place/owner) that offered food as bad as this one. The amount of salt (and/or MSG) used makes the food to border on inedible. A bad sign was that there wasn't one Korean person inside, only Caucasians. I should have known better.
4	I just had my first visit to Spoon House and I really enjoyed my experience. The owner came out from behind the counter and explained everything very well. I asked for his recommendation on what to order as it was my first time. I had the Beef Bulgogi quesadilla and I thought it was very tasty. I mentioned to the owner that I like spicy food and he brought me out a piece of the spicy pork quesadilla on the house which was also very tasty.One reviewer mentioned they didn't have Kimchi but when I was there they had little styrofoam containers with Kimchi sitting to the right on the counter for free. I had some and also thought this was tasty as well.It's super clean and very nice on the inside. I will definitely be back to try other items on the menu and will recommend it to other people.
5	as someone who graduated 4 years ago and was constantly looking for tonkatsu at every asian restaurant i went to, this place is awesome.  when i got here i tried it at sushi rock (bleh) and then spoon house, and spoon house beats sushi rock hands down, as well as any tonkatsu i had back in the day.  unlike sushi rock it's pretty inexpensive and doesn't taste like a flattened pork cookie.  the salad was also great, and the free kimchi is a definite plus.  also, no need to tip!
4	Only been here once so far, but the food was great and the portions were large.  Got the Stonebowl Bi-Bim-Bop, which came with miso soup, and was stuffed to the brim when I left.  The sauce that was out for the Bi-Bim-Bop was supposedly spicy, but I dumped a ton on  my dish and barely felt the heat, though it was flavorful.  You can get their varieties of meats (and now tofu) as a "bowl" with rice, or as a "tray" with rice, noodles, and a salad.  My friend got the tray, and that thing was huge!  The burrito that somebody else got was so-so for the price, but was still tasty.  There is radish kimchi for free at the counter...I wasn't a fan...and they have to-go boxes out for the taking, as the "trays" could easily serve as two meals.  I can't wait to go again!
4	Interesting concept! I LOVE THE BULGOGI BURRITO. When I crave one, I crave one and i need to have it! The jap chae isn't all that great. Ramen with cheese? Will someone tell me what that tastes like? (How revolutionary.... ) Regular bulgogi was alright. I'd give it a B. GO HERE. It's a definite must try! A quick meal and very casual.
2	I am updating my review by dropping from 4 stars to 2 stars after my second meal at Spoonhouse. This time I had the Bi Bim Bap in hot stone bowl.  I am forced to compare it to the same dish served at Ai-Ri-Rang or B-Won, both of which are much better.  At Spoonhouse the proportion of white rice was much higher, with less meat and veggies.  The stone bowl was not as hot and therefore the rice didn't scorch the way it should, and the final insult was that the Srirachi sauce was served in squirters labeled: "Bi Bim Bap sauce--hot".  It would be as if McDonald's labeled their ketchup: "hamburger sauce", assuming the customers had no idea what the food was like or how to use the sauce.Lastly, the reference to burritos, tacos and quesadillas is offensive.  It's Korean food.  It doesn't need Mexican names to be understood.
3	In response to Thomas B. :The typical sauce used in bibimbap is not Sriracha. Its main ingredient is kochujang, which is a red pepper paste that is prevalent in Korean cooking. Many Korean cooks have their own personal recipes for making that particular sauce. My mother uses sesame oil, sprite, fresh garlic, and other ingredients.Also, I believe Spoon House is following the trend on the West coast of putting Korean-style prepared meats into typically Mexican fare, such as burritos, tacos, and quesadillas. As such, the name bulgogi burrito is not offensive. My personal experiences at Spoon House have not been that great. Ddukbokki is one of my favorites, and I was slightly disappointed by their version. The dish had less heat and more sweetness than I cared for. I also did not care for their yukgaejang. The kimchi that was available on my first visit was watered down and bland, but was improved on my second visit. The bulgogi quesadilla, however, was pretty tasty, and I enjoy their bright colorful interior. Overall, I would go elsewhere for Korean cuisine, but would come back for Spoon House's burritos and quesadillas.
4	I tried their beef burrito and it deserves 3.5 stars.
4	Get there Korean tacos. The sweet and Spicy chicken tacos are fantastic. I usually get a couple different flavors. Get 2 if you aren't that hungry. 3 if you are.I've gone back several times and even taken some friends. They all enjoyed it quite a bit. Definitely give this place a try if your looking for something fun and new.
4	Spoonhouse is a regular spot for a lunch with my coworkers.  I won't speak to the authenticity of the food as I am not a Korean food expert, but it is always very tasty!   I usually stick with the traditional beef bulgogi, but my coworkers have enjoyed the tacos as well.  Even when it's extremely busy (almost always) they get the food out to you fairly quickly.  My only complaint is that it is a little pricey at around $8 for a dish.  Give it a try!
3	Was once one of the best quick lunch spots on Green street. The location is good and prices were reasonable, but in recent times, the prices have gone up and I do not think that the new prices are justified for the food that is served. Quality of food seems about the same as before as is quantity, but price has increase by a couple of dollars, making it no longer a quick, cheap meal.
3	Ok, it's time I finally fessed up.  I don't really like most Asian food.  There, I said it.  Let loose the rotten tomatoes.I really wanted to give two stars, but taking my dislike into account, I'm giving 3.  I got the sweet and spicy chicken tray, which came with rice, roasted potatoes, and a salad.  It was entirely too much food, but that's a different story.The chicken itself was cooked well, but the sauce was just kind of blah, and not spicy enough.  The salad was fresh and the dressing was pretty good.  The potatoes, believe it or not, were the star of the tray.  They were cooked to perfection, and seasoned perfectly with salt and (I think) parmesan.  Really sort of an odd side, but it worked.  It all came on a neat tray, dividing all the foods from one another.  I love that.  I know I'm a weirdo.It was all a bit expensive, too.  The tray--though I previously mentioned was way too much food for me--was $13 not including a drink, which was more than it was worth, in my opinion.I'm also torn on the ordering system.  They give you a number and have you sit, then your number pops up on a screen above the counter when it's ready.  Quite efficient and convenient, but the bell got annoying after going off so many times and it kind of reminded me of the DMV.
4	As a korean restaurant, i can say that most of the food can be bettered by a korean place down the street. But the korean taco's at spoon house are a great example of fusion food done right, probably one of my favorite things i've had
4	Spoon House is a great place for lunch. I love the Mex-Asian fusion bugolgi burritos as well as the the traditional options on the menu. The food isn't the best Korean food I've eaten, but it sure hits the spot when I'm craving some bi bim bop. If you have never tried Korean food, Spoon House it's a great place to start. The menu is full of popular Korean dishes, and if you're not feeling adventurous, the burritos and tacos are a great alternative.
5	We've been going here for a few weeks now and have been absolutely devouring the tofu tacos, bi-bim-bop, and the tofu quesadilla. This place has a nice atmosphere, quick service, seems clean, and the food is yummy in every way. If you're seeking good veggie chow in C-U and don't always want to have lunch in the basement of a church, this could be the place for you.
3	If you want pure Korean food, this place has it, but you are better off going to any of the regular Korean restaurants in town.  I'm still giving it a few stars because it is somewhat of a novel concept, which I support.  I'd hate to lose the only Korean burrito place we have.  I'll probably be back occasionally, but it's not going to be a regular stop.
4	I have not ventured out past the burritos and tacos, but both are great.  The food is cooked to order, but in my opinion worth the wait.  I usually go with the beef bulgogi burrito.  Great flavors and very filling.
3	I had the tofu burrito.  It was ok, not too greasy, maybe a little cheese heavy.  Very nice crispy tortilla though, not a soft doughy mess like you get at say, Chipotle.  Actual effort went into presentation, which was a bit of a surprise, and the service was pleasant enough.  Flavor wise, the ingredients were fresh and well prepared, but the burrito itself was sweet to a fault.  The atmosphere is pretty surreal though.  A strange mix of Motown, Coldplay, and some indie rock are piped through the speakers.  Phrases like "Dream, until your dreams come true" are painted on the walls.  Large, shiny spoons are hung from the walls.  For Korean, you're probably better off at A-ri-rang.  That being said I've definitely had worse, and the place itself is kind of a trip.
1	I went here for lunch on 3/29/2013 with 4 of my friends. Turns out that all 5 of us have food poisoning now, so I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone (especially considering how mediocre the food is).
1	My three friends, my boyfriend and I ate at Spoon House on Friday at about noon (3/19). The food was mediocre, the ambiance was good, and I left feeling pretty satisfied. The satisfaction wore off, and the nightmare began, like so many B-grade horror movies. Fast forward to Saturday night. My stomach feels like it's being stabbed by a thousand treacherous knives, and my boyfriend is not doing much better. We're getting chills, we're achy, and we can't do much beyond lay on our backs and bemoan our pathetic existence.Around 10:30, calamity hit. Our apartment bathroom devolved into a Lord of the Flies scenario, with both of us fighting past each other to find something, anything, to throw up into. Vomit the consistency of wet granola spewed out of each of us like buckshot. I will spare you the details of our other bodily functions, but let's just say that by dawn, our bathroom resembled a Pollock. My boyfriend only vomited once. One of the unfortunate souls we dined with threw up over twelve times All of us were too weak to do much beyond lay on our respective bathroom floors, undergo unspeakably painful stomach cramps, vomit, and pray for an Easter miracle. Spoon House, all of Neptune's great ocean will not wash this blood from your hands. We're graduate students. We all have deadlines and conferences coming up, and having to sleep in a bathtub because I just can't stop throwing up is not the best use of my time. The fact that all five of us had different dishes just underscores the fact that you guys need to start following health code before you get shut down. As per my scorched earth policy, I will never go back and I will warn all of my friends about your culinary betrayals. Get it together.
4	I love their food. My favorite are their burritos because they make the tortilla crispy. The flavors are Korean flavors so it is not your typical burrito. It is quite a unique food experience.
5	I moved out of town recently and, on a return trip, got spoon house. it was so effing good and I'm reviewing it primarily to boost its yelp rating. it very much deserves a rating higher than 3-stars. I tend to get the tofu tacos, which are totally super good. fun fusion!
4	Great tofu tacos and bi bin bop and that's saying a lot for this town. Good atmosphere and consistent food. Great place to grab lunch or dinner! My son loves the tacos too and he's usually a picky eater.
4	I had the sweet and spicy chicken, and loved it! This place is somewhat expensive, but you get a lot of food for the price.
2	I had the soondubu jjigae on a rainy afternoon just awhile ago. Saltiest broth I've EVER had at a Korean restaurant. I couldn't even drink the soup. All the seafood in my bowl was incredibly rubbery and difficult to swallow. The added sodium did not help. On top of all this, the soup had no weight and was really thin. I was basically drinking salt water.Hoping for a better experience next time.
4	I went to Spoon House three times this past semester, and the thing that brings me back every time is their Korean tacos. I had Korean tacos for the first time a year ago, in LA, the home of Korean-Mexican fusion. Despite being two thousand miles away, Spoon House's tacos are definitely good enough to compete with those on the west coast. To know my knowledge, they're the only restaurant in town that serves such a dish; they're both delicious and reasonably-priced, which adds to their good reputation. Go for the beef bulgogi taco and the spicy chicken taco, those are the two best. Personally, I feel that they are too heavy to be eaten exclusively as a meal, so you're best off ordering a small rice or noodle dish with several tacos on the side, so it's easier on the stomach. I would avoid the quesadillas, the saltiness overwhelmed the taste of the meat. I can't really speak for the rest of the menu, but those tacos are quite a gem.
4	I'm not from Illinois but I came to take a look around the campus with a friend. Being fans of everything Korean, we decided to stop by at the Spoon House. I tried their spicy seafood platter and loved it. It was well worth the price.I also got the Korean quesadilla/taco. Those tasted not so great and oddly sweet.
3	Not bad, but there are better options nearby. I like Arirang a little better, and Woori-Jib even more. There are better places a bit further away like K-bowl, which I highly recommend, and Star Karaoke which is in Savoy.I come here primarily for two dishes: Bibim nyang myun, and the crispy spicy chicken both of which are pretty good. Prices are a bit high, but they have introduced some cheaper dishes recently. The major complaint I have is with the fruit flies. Winter, summer...whenever, they're always there flying around you. No other place on campus has this problem. I counted 5 of them on the wall right next to me the last time I ate here, and usually I have to swat them away several times while I eat. Not a major problem for some, but it's an issue for me.
4	I love the tofu burritos here and the bubble tea is pretty solid. The burritos include sweet and spicy tofu, cilantro (optional), rice, cheese, lettuce, and other veggies. Personally, I think the flavor combinations is great and the burrito is huge (so I always get two meals out of it). My friends and I have all had good experiences with the Korean-Mexican fusion dishes. I've heard mixed reviews of the other items including the bi-bim-bap, but I'm not an expert on Korean food, so I'm not factoring that into this review. I like the space and decorations in Spoon House. However, it is slightly pricier than other establishments on Green Street and I've had experiences where my food can take a bit longer than I would expect.
3	I walked by their poster advertising Taco Tuesday and Thursday, and being curious about Asian fusion food, I decided to buy some...on a Wednesday. I was kind of hoping the regular price was worth it, but I was disappointed. By no means did they taste bad, but they weren't great either. I was kind of irked by the sogginess. It was all mushy and the juices from the meat mixing with the sauce made eating the "taco" like eating a moist sponge. I got a bulgogi beef and bulgogi chicken taco, and I noticed this was the same issue for both tacos. The beef was okay, but didn't have much flavor besides being spicy. The chicken was a bit dry, but despite that, it tasted pretty good with a mix of sweet and spicy. I'm not a pro on Korean food, but I think K-Bowl and Arirang do it better along with better pricing/portions.
4	don't know if it's authentic in Koreans' opinion. I was there ordered rice cake w/ fish cake and tastes good. The ambiance was good too, great lighting and space. will go there again if I have that crave for Korean food
2	I came here for their bubble tea, and it was so expensive!!!!!!!!!!!!! 5 bucks for a tiny little cup!!!!!!!! WT----?!!! my dear friends, listen to me, do not waste your money on the bubble tea, it was not worth the money. Food-wise, i haven't tried too many dishes yet, but the burrito is pretty good (i like the rice, its sticky and fresh). The restaurant is pretty, and they sell cute Asian snacks in the front. Shrimp chips, candy bars, stuff like that. Nice touch!
3	The food here is very good! Big bowl of seafood soup! The cashier lady had a very horrible attitude! Didn't smile didn't even want to answer our questions! She basically ruined the experience! To the Asian cashier lady....you need to cheer up or quit your job.
3	This place has its ups and downs but it doesn't really stand out at all. I've been here a few times already, two times with some friends in my department and another to take my friend out for a birthday dinner. Both times, I got tacos (specifically spicy chicken and sweet and sour.) I've also tried bits of their other flavors of taco as well as their udon noodle soup. The food is sometimes a bit salty, but it may have just been that isolated visit that had that problem.Don't get me wrong, the food is pretty solid, the tacos are on point, and their tea is good. I like how they let you service your own water in a easy and sanitary way (there's a dispenser along one of the walls next to the cutlery and napkins.)The decor is really homey and cute, almost like cafes in Korea. The walls are bright and the decorations are great. The restaurant is roomy and you won't have a problem finding a place to sit. Now that I've listed some of the positive, let me tell you about my biggest reservation about this place. It is so, so, so slow, There could be only 4 people waiting for food and it'd still take upwards of 15 minutes to get out 3 tacos. For this reason, I there aren't ever a ton of people waiting which lessens the problem but still, it shouldn't take so long to get food. Additionally, I've heard from many friends that the staff can be unfriendly at times. I'm not sure who they are talking about because I've never felt like the staff were particularly rude or polite.All in all, if you're not in a hurry, grab a comfy seat and take in the atmosphere. The food is good if you're willing to wait. Happy Eating!
