4	compared to Kanda and Odaki,I think Sushi palace is better. I believe they have recently renovated, the place looks really zen.there seems to be a stage area near the front window, however there were no live bands playing while we were there. Maybe it's a karaoke stage on the weekends, but I serioulsy have no idea why they have that...The sushi is pretty standard, they have a couple of fancy rolls like tango mango which is only available during weekend, it's pretty good. The sashimi is also very fresh, spicy salmon and spicy tuna is better here than at Kanda and Odaki, which I think everyone pretty much orders...The non sushi menu is pretty standard too, nothing really impressive, miso soup was meh, I did like the garlic shrimps very much.some maki rolls do make an impression, like the new york which has shrimp tempura and sweet potato inside, maki printemps which is rolled in rice paper, dancing eel which has eel on top and salmon inside, rock n roll which has no rice and rolled in cucumber.I like this place and will be going back :) it's not the greatest but it hits the right spots for me.
5	Amazing decor, brand new resto. It is the same price as but has much more selections (both sushi and non-sushi)than other all-you-can-eat sushi places. A good place for big groups too because it's very roomy.
4	I think when reviewing restaurants like this you need to keep things in perspective. This is an all-you-can-eat Sushi restaurant. So it should be compared to similar restaurants. Obviously, if you want outstanding sushi and service there are other places for that. That being said, I enjoyed this place. Comparing it to Kanda, this place had a better selection of Sushi and fresher Sashimi. The mackerel sashimi was great and I've never seen it on the menu at all-you-can-eat places. Also their regular sushi menu has salmon roe sushi which is amazing. I don't think the Friday/Saturday special menu is quite worth it. There are some clever sushi rolls on there but nothing will amaze you. You can get the same ingredients in different rolls. In all of these restaurants the service is sometimes lacking. I think it's understandable considering the type of service required. The night I was there they appeared to be understaffed. I had to wait a few times to get someones attention to order or to pay at the end. Starting around 6:30pm, there was a line beginning at the door. I'm not sure if they overbooked their reservations or this was due to being understaffed. I definitely felt bad for people waiting for us to leave while I waiting almost 30 minutes to pay. Although I didn't mind because I wasn't in a rush and I'm a lot happier they didn't try to kick us out (like some other places).Definitely worth the money. I would recommend booking reservations for an early dinner (6:00pm) or prepare to wait at the door.
1	Back in October 2012, I would've given 4 stars. I went a few times around that period and the food was good. But boy oh boy, have they gone way downhill since then.The restaurant size has halved, with half of it now replaced by poker machines. They used to have a yum cha menu on the weekend lunch time, but that is now gone.The food for the most part is disgusting. Sashimi was still partially frozen, the rice was giant sticky blobs (worst sushi rice I've ever had), the pad thai tasted funky and made me want to spit it out. Except for the pepper beef and tempura, everything was either repulsive or meh.It's back to Tokyo Sushi for me - they've been consistent for years.
1	Horrible! Their website said they were open on Sunday. The sign on the door said they were open at 11 am. We got there at about 10:45 and waited in the front for them to open. Instead we waited until 12 thinking they were just late but nope! They weren't even open! Went to eat ruby rouge dim sum nearby! Great place to eat! I recommend that!
1	Worst sushi I've ever had. End of story.  Service absurd,almost impossible to get waiters attention to order. Excellent ice water though.
4	Came here from the convention center on a Monday at noon with a group of 7. Service was fast and friendly, and it was easy to order (again and again!). A few more photos on the menu would help first timers (I thought Imperial rolls were a type of maki, but they are what I would call spring rolls). Fish was very tasty and fresh, although the variety was not huge. Lots of other things, too, and my group appreciated the option for small plates of chinese and thai dishes, which were liked by all.
1	Don't even know what i'm still doing here. Terrible food, terrible service. Sushis didn't taste fresh at all. They screwed up the orders. They forgot a lot of my orders and brought me other people's food. I had a groupon coupon and at the end they wanted me to pay the taxes and tips. When i refused, the manager said that he was going to put my name on the bad customer list. Hahahhahaha. He can put a poster with my picture on in fromt of his restaurant if he wants to, i'm never going back!!!! I only put one star because yelp wouldn't let me rate it any lower.
4	I mainly go there for sashimi at lunch for 15 bucks. If you have an urge, you can't beat the price for an AYCE :)Sushi is ok, and waiters are nice.
