2	This location of Firestone used to be pretty good, but things have gone downhill here over the past couple of years. There are a few good people working in the shop but overall I don't trust this place to do anything more than an inspection or a basic oil change.  Even if you are simply going in for an inspection, I would recommend calling to make an appointment or  just plan to leave your car for a few hours because they will take forever to get to you.
1	Do NOT go here! Took my car here for an inspection and they failed it for a "wobbly headlight" and they said one of my other lights was out. I took it somewhere else and they said NO lights were out and that they found no evidence of a "wobbly headlight." Go ANYWHERE else.
1	Tried to upsell me to more expensive product and misrepresented sale price. Go somewhere else. Distrustful and looks for ways to spend your money.
4	I have been going to this particular Firestone for several years and always get really great service here. I never feel like they are trying to get me to buy things that my car doesn't need. Often I just go in for an oil change and am out with no mention of anything else that I probably don't need. I feel they are thorough and knowledgable when it comes to my car. I've also purchased tires here and had really great service. They didn't have the tire that I needed so they gave me a more expensive one that was in stock for the same price as the cheaper one. I even mentioned that I had a coupon that I forgot to bring and they just included it without actually having it with me. Great guys who are always respectful.
2	Shop fees and other nonsense get added on top of seemingly reasonable prices. For tires, go to Costco. For other repairs, go to Precision Tune or Meineke for same service, better value.
1	Totally dishonest, these guys tried to charge $750 for a distributor that cost $175 and took15 minutes for a high school auto tech student to replace.  They would get 0 stars if possible and probably dis barred if they were attorneys.
2	Real mixed feelings here.  On one hand, they rescued my daughter while traveling out of state, correctly diagnosed fuel pump failure, and got the vehicle repaired same day.  HOWEVER, they overcharged for the pump part $167, and "accidentally" added part and labor costs for a regulator that was not installed.  Only after several long distance calls did they finally credit the AmEx.  Just watch yourself there.
