3	Fun....a good place to go if you are looking for skeezy guys to buy you drinks.  The place is usually almost empty but the bar area is always crowded...very odd.  I definitely need to be in a certain mood to go there....the kind of mood where I want to make out with strangers.....yeah.....3 stars.
2	Crowded and lots of tools. Sticky table tops, lame music. Boooo.
1	Horrible! In my opinion represents the absolute worst of the Madison college scene. The clientele lacks class. Everyone takes themselves seriously but this is not a high end place nor is the clientele attractive. Moreover this place lacks a fun divey feel. It simply feels slimey without being fun.  Most people cant handle their liquor but not in a good way. Bars should be about working your game with attractive people, drinking with friends, or meeting good natured people who are laid back and dont take themselves seriously. This place offers none of the above.
3	I don't know..just another bar. It tries to be kind of classy but it really just feels the same as everywhere else. I like it because even when it seems to be really, really busy -- its not hard to get a drink. They usually seem to be well staffed. There is darts and the bathrooms aren't as much of a dive as other bars. It's not bad.
5	great atmosphere and friendly staff. Its always busy on weekends but especially bumping on thursday nights
1	There are definitely better bars to go to in Madison.  It really isn't the cleanest of bars, the counters are always sticky and the tables always wobble.  Drinks are not very well made either....
3	Go here for  cheap beer (1/2 price pitchers), BEER PONG, and free mini corn dogs on Wednesday nights.  The rooftop bar is pretty cool.Tip:  Pay with cash...it costs $1 every time they run your credit card.  They're not trying to trick you with that or anything.  They tell you upfront if you want to run your card.
3	If it's a nice night and you leave before 10 (when the bro's come out), the rooftop is a really great spot.  Every once in a while you'll find a random beer pong game to join - a neat thought until you think about germs.
1	So maybe we hit it on a bad night... but honestly, this was a terrible night of bad service and questionable food/drinks.  but we had made reservations, and they lost them.  Then we put our name down in the book.  And 40 minutes later (20 minutes after the 20 minute wait we were told about), we were told that they didn't have our name down on the wait list.  So we waited another half hour to get a table.  My sprite and my sister's coke tasted so jank, like soap and chemicals.  So we went and got new ones while we were waiting.  Thankfully it was "free refills" so we didn't have to pay to get un-rancid tasting drinks.  Mine was fine after that, but then my sister's redo coke also tasted of soap and chemicals again.  So we finally got her a third one, and it tasted watered down, but it was the best one yet, so she decided to leave it.So finally, we get our table, and are starved and looking over the menu at what looks good.  Our waiter comes out and tells us that a lot of the menu items are no longer available tonight (mind you this was around 8-8:15).  He goes on to list all of the items that are not available, and eventually my dad stops him and says... so what IS available???  More items on the menu weren't available than were.  I got some shrimp that tasted weird and made me sick later that night.  My sister's ribs were the only good thing that were ordered out of 4 meals.Everytime I drive past there now, or hear about it, I immediately say... "don't go there!" from my dinning from hell at Johnny O's Restaurant and Bar.
1	The upstairs bar isn't open on Wednesdays and the amount of time it takes for me to walk downstairs I may as well go to wando's!! Too many steps, not enuff #booze
