4	I like visiting here and enjoy sitting in the lobby with the piano and the free newspapers.I've not stayed here but I use the hotel for work where we host training sessions. The function staff are great and can't do enough for you. Tea and Coffee is always accompanied by fab cakes not crappy biscuits. A couple of the function rooms are quite dark but the one that looks over Arthur's Seat is nice. The hotel has a pool and a spa which looks great. Parking is not so good, if you want to park your own car you have to use the carpark underneath Dynamic Earth across the road. It's easier to get them to park your car and haggle over the cost.
5	If you could epitomize the perfect hotel, this would be it. As soon as you walk in here you are met by a lovely concierge and receptionist, marble floors and really elegant seating areas.they have a brilliant restaurant here too - ok I wouldn't exactly go out of my way to come here for dinner, but as a hotel restaurant it is a total gem. They have brilliant breakfasts too.The rooms are lovely too, really big and again follow the elegant theme. They are just right, and the location of the hotel is brilliant. It is far enough away from the city centre to be quiet yet close enough to be there (on foot) within ten minutes! When you step outside this hotel you are met with the best scenery in the city - Arthurs seat is directly opposite, the Parliament is to your left and the wonderful Royal Mile is behind you. Perfect!If you're coming to the city, this is definitely where you should stay.
5	Couldn't have been better.  Our room was HUGE, especially for UK standards, and it was warm and cozy.  The concierge was always extremely helpful, and overall, the staff were fantastic.  We even ordered room service one night, and the food was great.  Not to mention the location, a few minutes walk from Our Dynamic Earth, next door to Parliment, right in front of Arthur's Seat, and steps away from the Palace.  I would stay here again in a heartbeat.
4	This is a great hotel in a perfect location. Also, don't miss dinner at the Steak and Grill Restaurant. We normally avoid hotel restaurants, but our first night there were were soaked and cold and could not face going outside. The food was local, perfectly prepared, and all around fabulous. We spent the next day looking at menus around town and came back to the Steak and Grill for a second night. Prices were comparable with other places and the food would be hard to beat.
5	A fine hotel with a great staff in a convenient location.  Could you ask for more?  The rooms are modern and well appointed.  Your just a short walk through a close (alley) from the Royal Mile and all its attractions, from Her Majesty's Holyrood palace on one end to the Edinburgh Castle on the other.   The Rocca restaurant serves wonderful meals (I'd recommend the lamb), and has a good wine list.  The real highlight, though, is the staff.  Everyone from the bartenders to the concierge went out of their way to ensure our stay was enjoyable.  I really can't say enough about them.  If and when we return to Edinburgh we will stay here.
