5	I was in need of heating and cooling (at the moment, just cooling) for a room over the garage, and after doing a bit of digging, settled on McClintock for the work.While many, if not most, service providers will come out and be only too happy to sell you on something, I found that McClintock took the time to examine the space - and measure it! - and then go over a few options.  Before we even determined where to go, they also sent out a technician (probably not the correct term, hope I'm not offending anyone) to make sure that everything would fit.Since we generally work with our own electrician, they also made sure we had the information for getting everything squared away on that end, and they even mentioned the possibility that the room could have some problems because the ceiling was a bit on the low side, but that they didn't expect it (not being sure if it was originally permitted).In the end, everything went smoothly, except for the fact that having two different contractors pull permits was a pain, but that is the county's fault, not theirs.  McClintock worked to get the permits finalized, and didn't expect to collect on the final bill until it was all settled.  They even sent their technician back twice to figure out what was rattling around in the unit and causing me to think something was broken.Everything now works great, which is good as we might need to have them check out the main system in the house soon.
5	From start to finish, the staff and quality of work of McClintock Heating and Cooling was superb.  I highly recommend them, and will rely on them the next time I need a mechanical contractor.I hired them to run a gas line from an existing meter, up an exterior wall, across the attic, and down to a new gas hookup in the kitchen.  Everything they put in looked great, and the workers did a very good job of being minimally invasive.  I had to do very little patching of my exterior siding, and they even managed to avoid damaging my interior walls.  I was prepared to have to spend a lot of time afterwards patching holes, but I hardly had to do anything.  Also, everyone on the staff I talked with was very professional and competent.  The workers themselves, the ladies in the office, and every supervisor I encountered was very communicative, and did a very good job of answering my questions and keeping me informed as the job proceeded.  They were even sure to have a supervisor here when the county inspector came by to help answer any questions she may have.Lastly, I always get several bids when I hire work done on my house, and McClintock's pricing was very competitive.  It was near the bottom of the different bids I received, but their apparent competence and great communication from the get-go made the small price difference more than worth it.   They also accepted payment over the phone and didn't expect any payment until the job was completed and passed inspection.
4	So far, have only needed their services for bi-annual preventive maintenance/routine checkup but they have been very pleasant to work with.
2	(Occurred last summer, just now updating)Found myself with very simple issue on a ~6-year old unit - exhaust fan (outside) failed.  Very disappointed in response I received from McLintock when I contacted them seeking to purchase replacement fan and install myself.  The representative insisted on $90 service call to determine issue.  Them stood behind some policy that they couldn't sell parts.  I understand to a degree but they've lost a customer due to their insistence on making a buck and lack of willingness to help or direction to solve my issue.  This highlighted how they've tried to upsell me on every visit for the past couple years - I overlooked previously because I have no issue saying 'No.'I wound up finding a replacement fan online, thru a willing merchant; installed myself and all is well for a year now.
