4	You order downstairs and pay at the register, and they bring the food to your seat which is upstairs.  The sushi is good, and the other rice and noodle bowls are very good.  It's a great fast and cheap way to get a good meal, never had any complaints.On a side note, the owner is always there and super friendly, making sure to thank you every time you leave and even taking the time to learn his frequent customer's names. Very refreshing
4	If you're looking for a decent sushi place around the Pitt campus, this place is pretty good. They make really good sushi here and also make other Japanese dishes too. Their chickn teriyaki dish it pretty good. Only drawback is that this place is pretty expensive. Otherwise, place is a great place to grab lunch or a quick bite.
4	This is one of the better places to get cheap sushi in the area. The first time I came here I wasn't that into it, but upon a second helping and different menu choices, I actually really like it though. It's cheaper than the campus-packaged sushi at CMU and honestly it tastes better. Each roll of about 6 pieces of sushi is about $4-5 so you could get about 12 pieces for under $10. I usually get the Unagi Special Roll (about $5, only fifty cents or so more expensive than a regular Unagi roll which just comes without avocado) and a Crunchy Spicy Roll (I've had it with salmon, tuna, and red snapper - all good). The staff downstairs are all business; they just want to get your order in and out. The guy who hangs around upstairs asking for advice on how to pronounce things (who I heard may be the owner?) is pretty awesome.
4	Sushi boat offers decent, but definitely not spectacular, sushi at a good price.  The service is pretty quick and it's a nice place to stop off for food.The staff here is friendly, and the atmosphere clean and simple.  I wouldn't get too excited about some of their house special sushi types, they do the traditional rolls decent enough.
4	This starts off somewhat negative, but please read on...I have never eaten sushi at Sushi Boat.  Nor would I.  Leaving aside  the fact that I'm now a vegetarian, were I to desire the relatively risky consumption of uncooked sea creatures, I would want to partake in an ultra-clean, temperature-controlled restaurant devoted to serving raw fish to patrons.  And I don't mind paying a lot for it, either, so long as they can deliver on taste and safety.Sushi Boat is a cramped, not exactly pristine place that always seems too hot and is designed to quickly produce food for hungry, anxious undergrads.  So I might avoid their raw fish, but I am all about their other food.What's to love?-The menu is great.  You pick a starch (rice, noodles), a protein (tofu, various meats and seafoods), a style (soup, rice bowl, noodle bowl), and a flavor (Szechuan, Hunan, Thai, etc.).  Very simple, designed for speed, and well thought out.-Great for vegetarians, and they'll work with you on things like steaming vs. frying the tofu.-Cheap soups and appetizers.-The quantity is right on.-There's seating upstairs for dining in.-A nice selection of canned/bottled drinks.-The register guy is very professional and friendly, which I can't say about some other restaurants in Oakland.What's not to love?-The seating area is kinda dirty and unattended.  They can do better for probably very low cost.-They don't use sustainable to-go containers.  That's a problem all over PGH.If you're looking for a fast, relatively healthy lunch, this is a great place.
3	I've only been here once on my lunch break from work. It is definitely one of the better places to get takeout in Oakland. I had vegetable noodle soup which was good. I also ordered a salad with ginger dressing - the salad was very basic but the dressing was phenomenal! It's probably from a bottle but it was finger licking good - I didn't waste any that's for sure. I will most likely return.
2	I'm quite confused at the high reviews for this place. I'm quite aware that I should not expect much from a fast-food sushi joint but there was something off about the sushi -- it just tasted funny and I couldn't tell if it was a rotten taste or not. The spicy salmon is NOT normal spicy salmon that is ground up and yummy--it's actually salmon pieces made slightly spicy somehow. Bf also ordered some super greasy noodle dish which had such a fishy egg (xin1) taste that neither of us could eat it without dousing it in sriracha sauce. And normally, I love egg.The upstair seating area was something you might expect in rural china, with self serve hot water that you can using styrofoam (ew) cups.This is NOT a 4 star restaurant, and we will probably not come again.That said, I haven't tried their other menu options, and the staff was pretty nice at least. We left a good tip.
2	Meh. The sushi here is nothing to be excited about. It's not fresh, bland, and the selection is rather limited. People rave about the price, too, but actually it's not really that inexpensive. If you want good sushi, go to Wholey's in the Strip District, not here.
2	Cheap sushi, but not very good. The rolls fell apart and the wasabi was really low quality. I also found a tiny mite in my ginger.
5	If you don't go hereYou'll miss the best Philly rollsAnd crab rangoon, EVERRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!(b)
1	Ok, so I went to another place last night and it stirred a craving, soooooo I figured I'd try someplace else.  I surfed yelp for something close by and ended up here.First impression...these folks don't want my business!!!  The lady at the counter was beyond rude!  Handing her a $50, she checked enough times to make the US Mint second guess it's authenticity!Okay, so on to the food.  Last night I had red snapper for the first time, it was amazing, so I wondered to my self...self, is it the fish or preparation?  Answer...it was the prep!  The red snapper here was beyond horrible!  Ok, on to the smoked salmon...well on a scale of 1-10 with 10 being excellent, this scored a solid 3.  I moved on to the spider roll...again 1-10, a concrete -2!!!  Last but not least was the Unagi (eel for the uninitiated), well let's just say this one ended up in the napkin!  Overall, I'd say that the execution failed miserably!  (I'm trying to be polite)  The rice was certainly not sushi quality and seemed more like over-cooked uncle ben's instant rice.  The presentation of the styrofoam plates was...well less than green (and I'm not tree hugger) and the all important taste...let's just leave it at I've pissed away $25 doing dumber things in life! If it were possible to give this place less than 1 star, I would.  Actually, I'm inclined to say more like -3!At least the canned green tea was ok.
1	Simply put: the sushi here was not good.  The preparation was OK, but the ingredients used just weren't adequate to the task.  The fish wasn't of particularly high quality, and they didn't even get basic rolls right.  The spicy tuna roll, a common and popular item which I frequently use as a benchmark for places, tasted like the tuna had been sitting out a bit too long and the spicy sauce was basically mayo.  I did my best to scrape it off.  I tried three separate rolls here, all of which disappointed.  I wound up going to Five Guys afterwards for a burger just to get the taste out of my mouth.
2	Terrible, preparation was sloppy, taste was mediocre.Sushi rolls fell apart.
2	Disclaimer: If you are looking for great sushi joint, this is not it.  I only come here for two reasons:1) I am sort of craving sushi and need a cheap, quick lunch.  I can get a salmon roll and an avocado roll for about $8.  Not bad.2) I am meeting a friend for lunch on campus.  They have a dining room upstairs with plenty of tables and it is usually pretty quiet; perfect for conversation.
3	OK food. Not a good place for sushi.
2	It's so hard to find good sushi here in Pittsburgh :I I got a combo of california rolls, yellowtail rolls, and spicy tuna rolls. I was so happy at first to see tempura yam rolls--I had them in Canada and fell in love.Unfortunately, none of them were good. The california rolls were made of very low quality imitation crab. The spicy tuna rolls did not taste good, and the yellowtail tasted fishy (pun intended LOL). The tempura yam rolls made me nostalgic, but they honestly tasted pretty bad as well.Sadly, this was all in all a very disappointing experience and I shan't be back.
1	I only really tried this place because oishi bento was closed after a fire a few weeks back. This place was pretty disappointing. The rolls were flavorless. . . I couldn't even taste the rice, just the freezing cold cucumbers that they cram in everything. Even less delicious than the rolls was the sesame cold noodle appetizer which involved tough noodles with a few strands of shaved carrot and cucumber, some sesame seeds and a little solo cup of peanut butter. Not very good and even more hungry than I was when I got there :(
3	Sushi Boat is on par with the other American style Chinese restaurants on the corner of Oakland Ave and Forbes. The only difference is that the name indicates the slightly larger Sushi and Japanese menu. The menu is laid out in a fashion such that patrons would feel more comfortable ordering certain Japanese entrees here that they would not feel as comfortable ordering at the other American style Chinese restaurants on the corner.
4	Good quality sushi. Very affordable prices, and a nicely varied menu.I tend to stick with vegetarian sushi rolls so I can't comment on the quality/freshness of the seafood.The bento boxes are a good deal. ~$8 for a box with rice, your choice of meat/veggie and sauce, a few pieces of California roll, and a few pieces of shumai. We've asked for extra pieces of California roll (cucumber roll for me) instead of the shumai and they've been very accommodating. There is a bit of a wait no matter where you intend on eating but you can't beat Sushi Boat's consistently good quality food at these prices!
3	haven't tried yet :)
5	This is the definition of hole in the wall food. You could blink and miss Sushi Boat, but I would not suggest it. Their food is fantastic. Words can not describe it. Their portion size is HUGE compared to their prices. The california roll is 5.75$ for SIXTEEN pieces of sushi. Yeah, it is fake crab, does that really matter for 5.75$? I go here often for lunch, keep their menu by my desk, and recomend it to all of my co-workers. Go, you won't be disappointed.
2	I tried their rainbow roll few months ago. The fish is pretty much tasteless.
5	My friends and I love this place. We work for UPMC and we come here for lunch all the time and the food is excellent every single time. This place is definitely a hole in the wall, so don't expect 5-star ambiance, but the food is definitely 5-star taste! My favorite is the sweet potato tempura rolls!
