1	Wow. Yeah, this isn't really my place. Lots of karaoke. Lots of weirdness. Not so bueno. I was in the bathroom and overheard two women discuss loudly the fact that their boyfriends had very specific physical problems which I would have preferred never having to overhear. The bartenders are nice, the regulars not so much. No Bombay Sapphire and the bartenders didn't even notice they had a Bombay dry gin getting dusty in the corner when I requested the Sapphire version.  I admit, I got out of here in a hurry. Probably won't be coming back.
1	No.  Just.... no.I should have just turned around when I arrived and there was already a police cruiser parked outside.  At 10 pm.One side is country-karaoke, the other is a hip-hop room, and it all sucks.  I would have given it two stars for the sheer entertainment factor but the bathroom was covered in vomit.  Plus, I'm pretty sure some chick was snorting something in the stall next to me.
2	The lighthouse sport bar is quite something else. If you are looking for eye candy then don't go there. The crowd was pretty ghetto and not too much to add more there. However the music was pretty good with a mix of old school, new, and classics. The drinks were ok with mixed drinks & shots at $5. For a review I would give it no more than 2 stars based on the drinks and music but none more than that
1	This place is outdated but has potential if the right people owned it!! one post was right on when they said the people that go there are ghetto. The karoake side the sound system is crappy!!! most of the speakers didn't work. Am i going back?? Oh no!!!  This place would do great on the other side with a live band or bands!!  Does this place need big time improvement?? Hell yeah!!  I cant give more than 1 star with the experience i had.   :(      Ronnie..........
1	I went to this place cus we where new to the west side and liked to do karaoke and this bar was close by. 1.) The bartender was sick with the flu and still working?? 2.) this combo bar thing is weird and attracts different style crowds that don't necessarily mix 3.) the way you request a song was different and confusing and the host didn't follow the list anyway. In my book that's 3 strikes your out!! and the search goes on for a good karaoke bar.:(
1	This is one place to stay away from, the drunk bartender Oscar hit on my girlfriend right in front of me, and it made for a very uncomfortable night. I was also wondering when the gang fight was going to break out.   its no wonder way drink are cheap here.   All though the their car so few dive bars on the west side I would say STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE
1	Four years ago this used to be my go to bar on Friday nights. Bunch of good looking military boys and cheap drinks kept me coming back. Came here Saturday night with my sister's and niece and I left within an hour. Talk about nasty! Girls there were half dressed. Ass's hanging out of the skirts and they weren't even cute enough to pull it off. Talk about a fat girl bar! I am a bigger girl myself but holy hell made me feel like a super model in this place. It's sad because I used to have so much fun at this bar and the fact that I live so close to it would have made me happier to be a regular again. But sadly the people who attend this bar now are not my crowd and I will not be returning unless they really revamped the whole place.
3	Decent neighborhood sports bar with a good selection of draft and bottled beers. Everyday until 9 PM, they have a $15 pitcher of Brooklyn Lager, a 2-for-1 burger night on Sunday, and a ton of TVs on the first floor, so its a nice local place to catch the game. On the weekends the upstairs turns into a dance space, so there's a bigger crowd then. The service is adequate and efficient; this is a good place to go with friends.
