2	I got a Groupon for this place and went in same day.  It's a total hole in the wall, and not very easy to see.  There is no sign with a business name, it only has banners that say Shish Kabobs.  Inside there are only 3 tables to sit down at, and not the cleanest looking place I've ever been to.  It was very odd because on the wall they have a sub menu and it says "President's Subs" so I'm unsure if they're running 2 businesses or what?! When we walked in, the owner was at the front, and immediately walked in the back.  He didn't welcome us and never returned to the front after we walked in.  The kid at the front desk seemed like he had no idea what was going on and had no idea how to take my Groupon.  The entire experience quickly became extremely awkward just from the interaction from this kid.  I almost wanted to just leave and say screw the $8.  When he brought our plates out, instead of putting it down in front of us he handed it directly to us.  When he handed us forks, he dropped one directly onto my plate.  I don't know if he was nervous, new or just plain awful at his job. The food was mediocre.  Nothing at all special about it.  The rice was too bland, the pitas weren't anything special, and even the meat wasn't that great.  My friend and I shared 1 lamb and 1 chicken plate... The lamb almost tasted like fish to me, although she didn't say that.  It was very chewy, not the greatest lamb I've ever had.  The chicken looked delicious, the marinade was beautiful, but the taste wasn't as good as the look. NOT RECOMMENDED.... There are PLENTY of better kabob places in Las Vegas that serve better food with better service for the same amount, or probably even less. Maybe their subs are better??  The only reason I gave this place 2 stars instead of 1 is because the food was edible.  But to be honest, I would have rather just gone to McDonalds!
4	The great variety of shish-kabobs. Always fresh. Armenian cook knows his stuff. Recommend.
1	Just an FYI for those who might have purchased a Amazonlocal coupon for this dump...I ordered my food to take out and was about to pay the difference when the guy taking my order said they do not take the coupon. He was mumbling something about letting people know. OK, so now I paid $10 and i cannot get what I was promised, so he had some other guy who walked in, who apparently worked there, call the owner.  Well, same story...they will not accept the coupon. From what he said, Amazonlocal was not depositing whatever percentages they owed from the promotional sales. Luckily, I was able to get a refund from Amazonlocal.  Those who have purchased a voucher for this place, don't even bother to order, just get a refund! Also, they call themselves "President's Pizza", as well....I have seen another Amazonlocal voucher for this place as well but never purchased it (Thank Goodness!)  Get your refund!!!! By the way, for all you die hards, perhaps the food is decent, which is why, to be fair i have not rated it, but most of the salad items are not even available....Hmmm...False advertising on both counts, here?!?
1	How is this place still open? Their food is terrible, they never have any of the salads, including hummus - kabob place with no hummus?? Their softdrink machine didn't work the 2 times I went, and they were out of most of their drinks as well. This has to be a front for an illegal business in the back. There has never been anyone else in there, and they don't seem to be at all prepared for when someone does.I'm just glad I didn't get food poisoning. That makes me feel better about the 1 star I'm required to give it.
5	I'm speechless!  The food, the environment, the staff, and most of all, the service is impeccable!  It's too bad that the Pumpkin Pecan was reviewed so horribly by these other patrons because I've found their reviews to be FARTHER from the truth!  One of THE biggest selling point for the Pumpkin Pecan is the fact that they have two restaurants in one; including President's Pizza.  As a take-out order, the personnel up front took their time to, not only listen to my order, but they took additional time to repeat the order back.  This is a service that's rarely seen or experienced at other local restaurants.  Another big selling point for them is their capability to get an order out in a timely manner AND have it taste as good as it does!  Coming from NY, this HAS to be one of THE best pizzerias that I've been to in all my time out west!  I'm thoroughly impressed with how neat and clean the front of the shop was!  There were a few of the girls cleaning the dinning area wiping down the tables, the glass, and making sure the floor was swept.  For me, this is HUGE!  I'm sold on the level of service and the A+ quality of the food!  By the way, the price is VERY reasonable in comparison to other pizzeria restaurants on the Strip and for the rest of Las Vegas.  Alex, the owner/manager, personally comes out to get to know his patrons!  Ironically, I got ALL of this for the short period of time I waited for my food which took a total of 10 minutes; from the front-end, the finalization of the transaction, and getting my order out to me.  I'm SO happy that I found them and believe me, my loyalty will be to the Pumpkin Pecan while I'm Las Vegas!  From the freshness of the food to the efficient staff, I would HIGHLY recommend the Pumpkin Pecan and the President's Pizza!  Honestly, the staff has to be the most knowledgeable, the most polite, efficient, and most of all, they have smiles on their faces; this IS not a common practice around these parts.  So if you depend on reviews like I do, take my word for it, this IS the place to order from!  Don't go anywhere else!  They have everything you need.  By the way, there was PLENTY of soda stocked in the refrigerator behind the counter AND they're open 24 hours!  What a place!
4	Hummus that I tried was amazing! My Co-worker had me taste it. YUMMY!
1	Stay away, the kabob meat was reheated. My family said never again.
1	Ok I have to agree with someone else ... how are they still open?? I items look nothing like they do on the menu and since when is chicken  schnitzel GROUND CHICKEN? What is that? The rude chick taking orders needs to be fired. She will hang up on you and also will lie to you about everything .... So DO YOURSELF A FAVOR!!! DO NOT EAT HERE!! We are closing our office from being FOOD POISONED!!!!
