5	I am a huge fan of this place.  Our group had a conference at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge and all of the staff (that's me!) stayed at the Residence Inn.  We were the first group to stay in the hotel.  Where do I start?  I kinda feel like I'm about to write a report for school, so here goes:Why I love the Residence Inn Desert ViewBy Andrea H.1)  The staff.  Everyday when we came back from work, it was like coming home.  Kind of like seeing your family after a long day.  They all got to know us so we felt like friends.2)  The rooms.  My room was so cozy, I felt like I was in my own apartment (well kind of).  I loved the swivel flat screen tv that could go from bedroom to living room in a turn.  They have free wifi and wired internet and I could actually bring leftovers home and put them in my fridge.  You can also buy frozen dinners, etc. at the front desk and microwave them in your room.  And the best part, free microwave popcorn replenished daily.3)  Free shuttle service within 5 miles.  I swear, the poor shuttle guy never saw the outside of his van, but he was really great about driving our rowdy group all over the place.4)  The pool/BBQ area.  I didn't swim, but the pool is really nice, with cabanas and a BBQ area.  We christened the grill with some burgers & dogs and hung out by the fire pits with some cold beers. Awesome.5)  Breakfast included.  A full hot breakfast is served every morning and it is goooood.  Lots of options.  I think they do happy hour some nights too, but that was still in the works when we were there.6)  Fitness room.  I wasn't expecting much from a "fitness room", but it wasn't the old rusty rowing machine and bike that I was expecting.  They have several machines with tv screens on them and some free weights.  It's not Equinox, but pretty nice for a Residence Inn.7)  Location (well, relatively speaking).  If you're around for business, there are lots of places to eat nearby at the Desert Ridge Mall and City North.  There are also two movie theaters.  It's about a 20 minute walk,   which isn't too bad.  The shuttle stops at 9, but we refused to pay an $8 cab to take us a mile.  It was kind of a nice stroll, although my friend was convinced the javelinas were going to get us.  The shuttle driver told us not to worry, they are blind and if they come running, we should just step aside and watch them run by.  Yeah.  I'll keep that in mind.As with any new hotel, they have a few kinks to work out, but I'm willing to overlook them since they opened early for us and whenever something went wrong, they were literally there in 1 minute.  Since I basically live in hotels, it is nice to have the opportunity to stay at a place like this.
5	A little oasis literally in the middle of the desert.. Sure it's not nearly as fancy pants as the nearby JW Marriott but for less than half the price, free shuttle service within a 2 mile radius, large new rooms complete with kitchenette, and the best part a ginormous free breakfast buffet including some glorious whole wheat belgian waffles, this place is sooo worth the price!! As an added bonus- customer service is not an antiquated concept. Everyone I encountered was super helpful and made my stay here totally pleasant. Couldn't recommend it more!!!!
4	I stayed here for nine nights following my mom's surgery at the Mayo Clinic. Hotel staff was friendly and full of smiles. They offered a complimentary breakfast every morning from 6am-9am with all the fixings. The homemade waffles were my fav! Hotel was very clean and well maintained. Rooms were a nice size with a full size kitchen and dishwasher. Both major pluses during a long stay! The Whole Foods down the street was really convenient to keep the fridge stocked with healthy food. They also had a laundry facility on site and sold laundry soap and dryer sheets for a couple bucks. Additionally, they provided complimentary parking, a free shuttle service within a two mile radius, and had a convenient mini mart in the lobby.If I could improve one thing about this hotel, it would be the beds. They lack in the comfort department. Not the worst bed I've ever slept on, but far from the best. Overall, we had a great stay here and I highly recommend it to anyone visiting the Mayo Clinic.
5	I have never stayed in a nicer hotel room.  Full-size stainless appliances, granite counter tops, the room was laid out well and efficiently right down to the tv that swiveled between bedroom and living area.  And I don't know that it was a coincidence that the placement of the mirrors in the sleeping area and bathroom allowed you to see the TV from the bathroom sink.This property offers a discount for Mayo Clinic patients and for $89 this was one of the best deals I've ever encountered for a hotel stay -- it also included a full breakfast!  We didn't get to use the shuttle but I would certainly consider it if I went back.
5	Stayed here for five days during the recent National Field Hockey Festival.  This hotel was excellent.  The room was large and comfortable.  Kitchen area looked brand new - appliances, countertops, cabinets.  I didn't use the kitchen area much, but it would have been perfect if I had chosen to.   One of the most important aspects of a hotel room for me is cleanliness and the Residence was second to none in this area.  My room was spotless when I arrived.  Throughout my stay, housekeeping did an excellent job of keeping the room clean.  The only little criticism I could have is that they didn't replenish my soap automatically as mine was down to a sliver.The pool, outdoor and lobby areas of this hotel are also very comfortable and accommodating.  Three TV's in the lobby which made catching Thanksgiving day football easy to watch.  Even got to see the Thanksgiving day Parade in the morning.  The outdoor patio is supposed to be smoke free, but there were people smoking.  The breeze took the smoke away, so there was no need to complain, but you would think people could read (or at least not ignore) the signs clearly posted.One of the highlights of this hotel was the breakfast.  The food was very good and replenished throughout the morning.  The woman in charge was outstanding and tllk pride in the food she served.  Lots of choices - eggs, potatoes, sausage, pancakes, waffles, yogurts, cereals, muffins, bagels.  Each day they also had a special breakfast dish - quiche lorraine was outstanding.  On weekday evenings there is also a special social hour buffet.  I didn't have that, but it looked good.  The hotel also has a small convenience store area.  The selection is somewhat limited but not bad and the prices are not outrages.  It is a hotel convenience area so they are not cheap, but you could get candy for a buck, a Budweiser for $4 and a chipwhich for $1.50.Free computer access - wired in the rooms, wireless in the lobby.The location was great for us as we were playing at the Reach 11 Athletic Complex - an easy 10 minute drive.  You are also very close to Desert Ridge for shopping and dining.  The hotel shuttle will take you where you want within a two mile radius - that includes Desert Ridge.We drove around on two of the days, days we weren't playing.  20 minute ride to Arizona State University.  15 minute drive to Cave Creek, AZ - a western tourist town.  The hotel is located adjacent to the Mayo Clinic, which would be ideal for anyone who had to stay while someone was in the hospital.I would stay here again in a heartbeat.
3	The staff here has been very nice; my parents are staying here for an extended stay while at the Mayo Clinic for a procedure.  The hotel is well set up with walkers, wheel chairs, handicapped rooms and more for those who need extra assistance while at the Mayo Clinic.
5	We did a two night "staycation" here. It's very close to my work, so my commute was cut down to almost nothing, making for a very relaxing stay.For a hotel of this class...very nice. Breakfast was terrific, healthy options, even whole grain batter for the waffle maker. Fruit toppings for waffles were a nice touch. Great selection of food here. Our room was nice, roomy, comfortable, well-appointed. Staff were very friendly, the front desk had folks waiting at prime check in time. May have to do it again next week!!!
5	Nobody told these guys, You get what you pay for. -----------Because otherwise, they wouldn't offer free high speed Internet, free hot breakfast, clean and spacious rooms - for such a stupendous price!I think this place was meant for people whose family come here to the Mayo clinic for medical care. It is a true residential inn, with a full sized coffee pot, induction stovetop, dishwasher. They also offer laundry services as well as a computer room and free printing of airline boarding passes. It looks like a new, clean property with contemporary interior design. Definitely worth the price, since other high end hotels would charge you three times as much for the same amenities. The only weird thing is that the induction stovetop was rotated 90 degrees to save counter space (think of a photo that is rotated into portrait mode, rather than the landscape mode it was meant to be in).But again, this place completely exceeded my expectations. Will definitely check this chain out next time I'm on travel.
3	I enjoyed my nights here.  The facilities are clean and very well maintained.  Housekeeping staff is fantastic also.  They were not intrusive and they were hospitable.  However, the ONE thing that bothered me was the reception staff.  I was mistreated.  I say this because I asked the reception staff a question about the pool hours and the response I received was "Are you a guest here?"  Followed by "because we get a lot of people around here..."  While that response is completely understandable, I must point out that I checked in an hour earlier with the SAME staff at the desk.  This may be me sounding like a self-centered, remember me-type of person, but no.  I felt that the receptionist was categorizing me because of my age and because of my look.  I guess I just look like the type that would crash into a hotel pool?  Mind you, this Residence Inn is adjacent to the Mayo Clinic and desert land.  Yes, the only two things around walking distance are this hotel and the hospital.  So apparently, this hotel pool must be the hot spot for pool crashers.  Must be all the sickly patients that want to take a dip in the pool.  Then on the same occasion, the same reception staff told me that they did not have a bottle opener at the desk.  There is a small convenient store next to the reception desk that sells wine, beer, water, soda, snacks, etc.  I purchased a beer and asked them if they had a bottle opener so I could drink my beer by the fire pits and they said no.  It had been misplaced.  Some time later, the nice gentleman that helped me open my beer got beers at the reception desk and somehow, they magically had a bottle opener.  Strange how they had one for him, but not for me. Regardless, I was a bit bummed that the reception staff was childish and rude to me.  I felt like I was individually singled out to be discriminated against.  It's a shame too because I love my Marriott Rewards card.  The rooms are large here.  The elevator takes forever!  I suggest that the hotel adopt elevator music to distract the sluggish speed of that elevator.
3	In terms of the quality of rooms, this place is stellar: bright and spacious, everything feels brand new. My room was a studio type, meaning I had a living room that transitioned into a bedroom, a full kitchen and a bathroom. The cons: no bar at the place and no mini fridge, so you have to buy the pricey food at the store by the reception desk or wait till the morning for their excellent continental breakfast!
5	Susan was very nice as she checked me in - a great start.  The room was clean and breakfast was hot and well stocked.  All in all, I was very happy despite having gone out of my way a bit to stay there.  Nonetheless, it was well worth it because I felt the area was safe and the room was just what I needed after a long day of driving - clean and comfortable!
2	Not sure why this has good reviews. We stayed here with our then one year old last year visiting family for Easter and our usual Westin was already booked up. Yikes. Was close to my parents, near where I used to live in Kierland, and it seemed okay booking online because we were only staying two nights. This year, no way would I go back there. The desk staff was fine and did bring items we requested right away (a zillion pillows so my LO would not roll out of bed). but we had to change rooms TWICE because the first one had no bathtub (special access) when I specifically had called days before and requested a bathtub. The second one, the showerhead was literally ripped off the wall and hanging there. They said gee, you should have never been rented this room, but did NOTHING else.The third one, we accepted but had I not been exhausted from flying across the country and carrying my sleeping kiddo from room to room, I would have rejected. I found out about fifteen minutes later when I REALLY looked, that it was filthy with scratched black stains on the tub floor and mold around the trim. SO there I am at midnight the night before we have an early am brunch, running to a grocery store to clean the bathtub myself! Not cool. The sheets and bedding also stank. And yes, I have a sensitive nose to smell, but even my husband (lol) said they smelled like his grandfather or an old man. So ewwww. Yeah. Luckily my Mom met us at the lobby when we checked in with our sleeping kiddo (long delayed flight) and had brought some extra bedding (and a rail for the bed I had shipped to Mom's house). We used her bedding exclusively because.... ewwww!Our carpet was also FILTHY! Kiddo's feet were black from walking around the room and she found a bunch of a previous occupant's cereal, a shoe under the couch, a crayon, and a diamond. Literally. Just sitting on the floor. We called the front desk to turn these items in (they did not want the old cereal! Can you believe it???). The breakfast was just your standard hotel lobby breakfast btw. There really are way better places nearby for the money!
5	This is a great hotel and extremely pleased. Stayed during a previous visit  though I am no rating it on hotel ranking convention the service and rooms are well worth the money.
4	Nice hotel. Decent gym has 3 treadmills, 2 elliptical machines, several stationary bikes, and a full set of free weights. There is a TV on each cardio machine. In the rooms is a dishwasher, 2-burner stove, full-size fridge, desk, kitchen table, sofa, and 2 double beds. There is lighting on each side of the beds, and if you unplug the alarm clock you can plug your phone in bed-side. There is a breakfast served every day, nothing gourmet but completely serviceable. There are also "snacks" each night which could provide you with a free dinner. Example: nachos, hot dogs, pizza, etc. They provide social activities too. Most of the clientele is for the next door Mayo clinic, so you'll see doctors and also patients. One of the elevators is large enough for a hospital bed. Beds are comfy and 2 of each pillow type are provided. Curtains do a fantastic job of darkening the room. My favorite shower head of all time is here: Speakman AnyStream 2005. I need to just break down and get one for the house, because they're awesome. Staff was nice. My only issue...the reason the star was lost...THERE WERE BOOGERS ON THE WALL. Seriously, big boogers on the wall by the night stand. These hotels need to start hiring more housekeepers with Jedi skills for noticing filth. At least there weren't any toenail clippings. And people, the tissues are FREE! USE THEM!!! I wonder if the boogers used to be in a hot shot surgeon's nose?
4	Stayed here for one night because it was paid for by the company I was interviewing for.  This is a pretty hotel.  Only 5 years old as of 2013.  Lobby has wooden floors for the entrance. The staff was friendly, even remembered me when we talked over the phone. I stayed on the 3rd floor and the room was very clean.  Refrigerator and microwave were clean, carpet was installed correctly, no chipped paint.Bathroom was clean, plenty of towels, shower wasn't strong but I believe it was one of those water saving showers.  I would definitely recommend this place and would stay here again.  It's also walking distance to the hospital.They also have a shuttle that will take you anywhere within a 2 mile radius, which includes Desert Ridge Marketplace.
4	Good stay, good service.  Nice location for people needing treatment at Mayo Clinic (it's right next door).  A bit somber feeling at times due to that proximity.  Manager's reception served one night during our stay was very nice - good selection of appetizers, a keg of beer, wine.  Good selection of restaurants and shopping areas within 5 minutes or so, but all by car, nothing is close enough to walk to from here.  Our room was spacious, a bit dinged up here and there and certainly nothing fancy, but overall a comfortable place to put our feet up between medical appointments.  Slowest elevator EVER.  If you're not a patient person, request a room on the 1st or 2nd floor because I'm pretty sure I aged considerably just waiting for that bleeping slow elevator to take me down from the 4th floor!
2	The rooms here are exactly like the ones at a Residence Inn in the west valley area except the room prices at THIS location are double and more which is dependent on discounts available. Paid $175. per night before taxes on my stay here. At that price I would have expected softer towels, nicer toiletries, and real wood hangers in the closet! I was told by the front office lobby staff that this property is owned by the Marriott company and they set their own prices.The TV in the room always displayed colored bars and not a station when you turned it on - that seemed odd to me - most hotels have their company channel or a preset station displayed at start up. This is a larger property than most, with a large lobby and hallways to guest rooms going this way and that. The hallways are unremarkable and make it easy to get turned around - not enough signage in my opinion. They have an exercise room, outdoor pool, a breakfast buffet - food is not made-to-order as another Yelper stated, you want a waffle...you have to make it yourself! Of course there is nothing to pouring a little waffle mix into the waffle iron. The buffet is nice not deluxe and the staff is friendly.They have a business center with computers and printer (for printing your airline ticket), for guests to use. I couldn't get the printer to work even after staff arrived to fix it. I'm pretty computer savvy so you can be sure I gave it the 'ol college try first!The sole advantage of this property is that is located next to the Mayo clinic.
3	We picked this hotel because of the location. If you have family at the Mayo Clinic there is no place closer. Prices were outrageous! We stayed one night, Sunday night and after taxes was almost $270! The room was nice, bed was very hard and uncomfortable. Clean, nice kitchen. Built more for staying for extended periods, though unsure how anyone could afford it.
5	We stayed in this hotel due to renovations at our home and we could not have picked a better hotel. We initially chose it because it was close to our home and allowed pets. Upon arrival the staff was friendly and prompt. The entire hotel and property is non-smoking which is great for people like myself that do not like smelling smoke in the hallways or common areas. The staff understood we needed to be close to the exits because of the pets and frequent walks so they put us on the 2nd floor right next to the staircase. Our suite is one of the nicest We have stayed in for an extended stay hotel. Everything was clean and well maintained. Rooms were quiet and a lot bigger than what I expected. We will definitely recommend friends and family stay here when they come to visit us.
3	Sorry guys, I have to go 3 stars on this because of my own personal view on Price Gouging. Fantastic hotel with a fantastic location and fantastic staff. Awesome Morning Buffet that really hit the spot from 6a-9a. Now for the KICKER!!! $5.69 for a Coors out of the Market Place??? That's just pure unadulterated gouging at its finest hour. $32.75 for a Yellowtail Chardonnay??? C'mon guys.......Here's a marketing tip, less profit=more volume. I understand making a profit, but a 500% markup is just dumb. I bought 2 beers from the hotel and decided it was worth a 2mi drive to the store to save almost $5/beer. Had you not tried to gouge, I would've given you my business, instead you annoyed me.
5	This is a pretty new Residence Inn, and you can tell. Everything looks fresh and crisp, the paint doesn't have any dings, and the carpets aren't icky yet. They have a free hot breakfast in the mornings, some tasty hors d'oeuvres on certain evenings, and plenty of snackages to order from their "to go" menu.If you're working for American Express and want the corporate rate, you must bring in your badge. Don't try to fake 'em out: they're onto you, son. As for other food options, there's not a ton of stuff around, but you're right near the 101 so everything's within driving distance.
5	Stayed again last week for a check up at the adjacent Mayo.  Upgraded to 5 stars - this place is truly top notch.  The staff is so welcoming, my room was impeccably clean, the free shuttle over to a shopping center was friendly and prompt, and they even gave me a free bottle of wine when I told them (during check in) about a particularly hellacious experience at the airport.  Free breakfast/coffee was nice and would definitely have used the lounge/fire pit areas outside had it not been too hot to comfortably do so!  Don't hesitate - book it!
