2	Five...five...five dollar foot longs. This song is very catchy indeed. However the footlongs do not catch my taste buds for long.(no pun intended) Do not get me wrong the bread is fresh and so are the vegetables. The cold cuts? Hmmm not so sure. The grilled chicken pieces they use for the sandwiches, I do not trust. It looks like soy meat. I know it is only $5.00 but for the amount of money I spend on four subs I cold buy sandwich ingredients from the grocery store that will probably last me a week. Better quality too.
3	What do you want for $5? My footlong turkey sub was good, filled me up and didn't make me ill (maybe I have low expectations for $5). The staff was courteous and it was clean. I will be back when I want a quick, cheap and somewhat healthy sandwich.
4	Good enough for me. Again, a review for a place that's close to me, in Southern highlands. Always in and out pretty quick. Got a spicy italian footlong made just the way I like and toasted. It never disappoints. The bread is always fresh and cuts seem fresh.  I also like the meatball, but am a little sketchy of the chicken breasts they use, they don't look delicious to me so I stay away usually. Mostly melts, italians, ham and turkey, the occasional meatball.The staff and service is always friendly, and every day I go in they say "hi welcome to subway." That gets a little annoying but I'm sure it's store policy and to hear it every time makes me know they are trying. Solid 4 stars.
3	It's hard to write a review on a place like Subway.  Subway is that fast food joint that you alway pick when you are tired of eating Mcdonalds and Taco Bell.  You go consult with you "sandwich artist" so they can construct you a hand crafted custom sandwich.  Yeah I know a littl over the top, but what can i say it's Subway.  You see a commerical and then have that awful song in your head and you go buy a $5 foot long.  The only problem is that you end up spending $10 after you add other stuff.  Go to a Subway and have a custom sandwich built just for you! Cheers!
1	I love Subway so don't think this is a knock against Subway sandwiches, this is a knock against THIS Subway.  I used to eat at Subway 3 times a week and since I moved to Southern Highlands and this is really the only Subway near me, I don't bother very often.  I have never, not once, gone into this store and gotten what I wanted.  Every single time they are out of the cheese, or my favorite drink, or the bread I like, or green peppers, or whatever I want.   I have asked why they always run out of things, and half the time I am sure it is because this store is run by teenagers who don't care.  Twice out of the past 3 times I have had to wait for someone to go find tops for the drinks.  I can't drive home without one.  Is it such a surprise that you have to fill up supplies?  Why should I have to stand there for 10 minutes while you search the store to see if you have any?  One night they told me there was no cheese...not because the store didn't have any, but because "the other shift didn't fill the trays with cheese and it's not our job."  I suspect that is the case with all the products.  I walked out that night.  I had 6 people to fulfill orders for and guess what?  They all wanted cheese.   Who runs out of diet coke?  Raspberry drink?  Minute maid lemonade?   And all at once?  Heavens folks!  All you do is sell drinks and sandwiches, make sure you have these things to sell!  Well, it's not my job to do their job.  I sure hope the owner of this place sees this review.  This store is the poorest run Subway I have ever seen.  You cannot leave a business in the hands of "it's not my job" teenagers.  If this had happened once...ok...twice...not so great...but 6 out of 6 times in the past 6 months.  I have never walked out of that store happy.  Luckily, the supermarket is next door and guess what?  They carry food too!Update:  6/23/12   They are batting 1000.  Once again, they were unable to make a sandwich because they didn't have the ingredients.  The excuse....we were busy and it will take a while to make more.  Worse, I was told the aforementioned with a whiny complaint as if to say....what do you want?  Food?  Why should we have food?  If we are busy you should accommodate US and change your order to whatever we do happen to have on hand.  Again...no adult in sight.  Just children running the store on their time not giving a whit about customers.   Perhaps this store is owned by a 15 year old?
1	Ok so  they were out of the kinda Bread I wanted, then the young lady told me no one eats that typ of bread any way.  I asked for black olives on my salad and the same young lady, makes a comment about how ucckky that looks and she can't seem look at black olives on a salad.   Today your out of Tuna, the next time your out of cheese, next week the soda is out.  Come On!  One let down after another.......!
5	Tried the breakfast sandwich. Not bad. I will be trying the rest. Nice worker behind the counter. Polite and smiling.  I have had good service for the sandwiches, so not sure about some of the bad reviews.
4	I am a Subway fan and this is no doubt my favorite Subway in all of Lad Vegas, great staff.
2	This visit downgraded this store. You go in on the pretense of $5 any foot long. You get a roast beef and they call it a premium sandwich and charge $8!  Give me a break. It's a single meat sandwich. They just lost a regular customer over $3.
5	This Subway is convenient when you are in a hurry. It gets five stars for being in an awesome location and for being open 24 hours a day, everyday.
3	This location has a high turn around rate. It seems they have a new managers and employees every month. As far as their sub sandwich , they're at the bottom of the crap list compared to ports sub or jimmy johns. I like their flat bread and cold cut meat . Avoid everything else like their cook meat . Their bread is also drap n dry also. I hated subway for a couple years and realized it's the bread I didn't like . Now it's ok.
1	I usually eat at this subway location after work, but latley the employee working the night shift refuses to make broccoli cheese soup and never has it made. My receipt says his name is Ryan TT , he has very pour customer service, I go out of my way to another subway location on the nights he is working.
