3	While I was eating fish from Julie's Chicken and Waffles, my daughter opted to eat here, ordering the Mandarin Chicken Bowl (pardon the out of focus photo I posted, I usually do better).  When asked if she wanted sauce over it she said yes but later wished she'd gotten it in the side.  She said it was too strong and wished she had more rice to balance it off.  She didn't want the second half and gave it to me.  I had it for lunch today and thought it tasted fine, not to spicy or salty, though a little heavy so I knew what she meant.  I go to Panda Express near my home a couple of times a month and like it better than most fast food places.  There was a line at this one and she said it almost always has a line so it must be pretty popular.  One reason may be you can kind of depend on the consistency of flavor and quality here.  And she said if you are concerned with how long an item has been sitting they will make some up fresh for you.  That's handy to know.
2	I'm dropping the stars from 3 to 2.  My daughter ate here again while I tried out the new Sushi place where Julie's Chicken and Waffles sadly went out (already!).  I tasted her Orange Chicken, which I get nearly every time I go to the Panda Express near my home, and it just wasn't good.  She said she just wasn't going to eat there again since she wasn't happy with the last meal either. It either sat too long or cooked too long.  The Orange Chicken was dry and chewy and just not fresh and crisp like I know it should be.  Shame on you Panda Express!  For ruining something that your chain usually makes so well!I'm not making it one star because the rice and Crab Won Tons were still decent.
1	Besides the cool fortune I got, this panda sucks. The rice had old bits of previous rice they didn't cleAn from the pan, and the orange chicken tasted like the wok and old oil. Skip this place and try someplace else! My daughters were not happy, and that means mama ain't happy either! Won't come back.
1	Why does the panda express in the mall suck so bad when it's so good at freestanding shops? Is it lazy workers? Food been sitting too long? What is it? It's like obviously i got the orange chicken. Duh. But when i get it at the mall it's all soggy like they just microwaved it. But when i get it at a freestanding store- it's crispylicious! What the wok, panda?
