5	At first I was worried about going to someone for medical marijuana. After just a few seconds in their office I felt silly for ever worrying. The staff is professional, informative, and courteous. As others have mentioned the video they show in the waiting room will amaze you with how many uses medicinal marijuana has. It teaches a lot of history about the plant. I felt very welcome and they made the visit effortless. I normally don't go near doctors because of past experiences, yet I would go to S.M.M.E.C. anytime. If you think the visit will cost you a fortune you are wrong, their prices are beyond reasonable. If you are looking for a place to get your Evaluation look no further, this is the office to visit.
5	Just had appt. With dr peachy. She was very thorough and kind. I would recommend this clinic. Brian handled all the paperwork very efficiently and professionally, and even gave me some coupons for the wait. Thanks Southwest
5	Went in today. Tim is very professional, really makes you feel at ease. Dr. D really listens and gave me great advice and information. So glad I came here - wish I had come sooner!
5	I picked this location because of the high review ratings here on yelp.  I live on the opposite side of town and there were plenty of locations around here however, I'm glad I made the drive. First off my appointment was late in the afternoon which was nice as I didn't have to take time off to make it.  Upon arrival, the waiting area well kept. Information about the element intent was posted all over which was very good to know. The checking process went quickly (if you bring the paperwork as instructed), and checking in was easy.  The doc visit was very informative. She guided me towards particular attributes which target my pain relief needs, and therefore shortened my trial and error time.  The gent working the front office was very knowledgeable, and answered process specific questions dead on. I'm comp savvy, so I'll be submitting my own application, however he guided me step-by-step to finish the overall process. Because of my conditions, I've visited doctors of all types, and this time around it did not feel like I was just another medical claim.  She took the time to listen and provide guidance for my qualifying conditions, and to also avoid certain elements as it effects other issues I'm dealing with which is something I never got with a "network" type doctor.  I'm looking forward to an alternative method of pain relief as conventional narcotics do not work well for me.  Prices wise, well I've paid five times as much as I've paid for my visits here at other doctors, which lead me to even more confusion and discontent. So for $125 (which is much less than my Cigna copay btw) I'm sold. Overall a positive experience, and will return for all my medical needs.
5	I chose Southwest Medical Marijuana Eval Center as they had such a professional website showing that the doctors offered more than just a quick service.  I chose wisely!  I was a bit apprehensive about going, but everyone I talked to from the person that answered the phone, to Brian at the front desk, to Dr. Burns was professional and so very helpful.  As a nurse, I was impressed by Dr. Burns in that she did a thorough job reviewing my records, correlating my history with what my symptoms were.  She asked quite a few question about my prior treatment, and what I wanted to achieve by using medical marijuana.  I left feeling that she truly wanted to be sure this was right for me.  Thank you to everyone who helped me today!  I recommend Dr. Burns and her staff highly.
5	Great experience here.  I was a little nervous about the whole process but after talking to the doctor, Dr. Peachy, I feel great.  Everyone there is super nice and helpful, especially Brian at the front desk.  Professional and clean environment.
5	My second visit for reevaluation great people friendly helpful understanding will definitely go back next year
5	Chose this place now a whim when I first got my card and really liked it. Now I'm here for my reevaluation and they are still just as friendly and professional as they were the first time.
