5	Randi and her staff did an amazing job w/ all of the floral arrangements for our wedding.  She was there every step of the way offering great advice, support and help when needed.  I'd recommend her to anyone needing floral design for any event.  Just look at the pics!!
5	Naakiti Floral was recommended by our venue, Bouchon Bistro, and we couldn't be more pleased with how beautiful the flowers were and how lovely Randi and Dave were. Randi has an incredible knowledge of flowers and really of all things gorgeous. I received so many compliments on all the bouquets, the calla lily for my husband was just the perfect pop of orange and red, and the centerpieces and other table flowers were simple and breathtaking. Randi is a true quick thinker--on the day of, high winds prevented us from laying flower petals on the runner, and so she suggested placing them on the dinner tables. Wow, they looked stunning! She was also so patient in answering my many, many questions. As for Dave, I have to give him a big shout out! He was my center of calm during a stormy moment right before the ceremony. I had a couple of rogue guests trying to get into the bridal suite, and he jumped in like a florist superhero. He fixed my bouquet immediately after a rose snapped off, and he made sure all the ceremony flowers were repurposed for our tables, adding an extra "umph" to the already amazing room. Randi and Dave--you guys are the best!
5	The Naakiti floral team produced elegant and modern floral arrangements for our wedding in the fall of 2010. The owner, Randi Garrett AKA The Hardest Working Florist in America, has definitely earned her nickname. We put our full trust in Naakiti and they delivered everything on time and on budget. We couldn't be happier.
1	Overpriced, poor, poor communication, and last minute preparation during the wedding ceremony left us VERY disappointed with this highly rated florist. Confusing estimate, which turned out to be higher at the last minute. In addition, the threats to not take anything or additional charges would be incurred was uncomfortable for the bride and groom.
5	i would like to thank randi garrett and her team for an amazing experience from start to finish. the professionalism, friendliness and quality of product were top notch. thanks again to the naakiti team for making our wedding experience and wedding day flawless. we are so greatful!!!
5	Naakiti Floral did the decor for our grand opening event (Peridot Sweets).  I have seen Randi's work at many different weddings, so I was excited to use her for my bakery's grand opening.  I don't have much vision when it comes to floral design, so I let Randi take the lead.  I was amazed by the colors/types of flowers she chose.  It coordinated with my shop so well!  I was so proud to throw this party, and Naakiti added that "wow" factor.  We even had rental furniture from her and it was just gorgeous!  It really helped set the mood and everyone was so comfortable.  I cannot thank Naakiti enough!
1	After hearing so many good things about Naakiti, I was excited to use them for our Wedding Day. Unfortunately that was the worst decision I could've made. :( The flowers arrived looking wilted and poorly put together. What was supposed to be purple roses were a definite wilted and odd pink. The boys were not at all helped with their boutonnieres which were also poorly made and falling apart as they walked the aisle. My husbands "maile lei" was not at all at maile lei. The spray arrangement we ordered for our archway was never put up, but instead places onto a table. To top it off it has taken me two months to finally speak to the owner Randi who argued about their policy instead of understanding the lack from her staff. The overall experience was very unprofessional and I would not recommend Naakiti florists to anyone looking for quality or even a little professionalism. Brides, stay far away!
5	I can not begin to express how beautiful and talented Naakiti Florists are! They recently did my Nov 9th wedding. It was breathtaking walking into the reception room. It was picture perfect. I wish my words could do justice for how amazing the team and owner are. My bouquet was incredible and there was not a detail missed. The vision I had in my head could not have been more perfect than what was presented the day of my wedding. The flowers were almost too good to be true, they matched so well. My table for the groom and I was overwhelming with perfection. The center pieces were probably one of the most photographed objects of the night. I cannot thank Naakiti enough for how special they made me and the groom feel with every detail thought out. It was honestly picture perfect!!!
