4	Huge, and quiet. Very nice getaway from the annoying diaper monsters.
3	Pretty good. Food/snack selection could be better. Tarmac views are great. Nice desk agents are always willing to help.
3	I like the US Air Club because I know that I'll always be able to find a seat, grab a quick beer and actually relax a bit before being stuffed into an overcrowded plane with a bunch of amateurs who brought more carry on luggage than allowed, somehow managed to be seated in Zone 1 and take up all the overhead space before the rest of us--the ones who know how to travel--make it onto the plane.  I wish that US Air would impose some sort of dress code for those enjoying their club so I could truly escape those who are dead-set on wearing their pajamas to the airport.  Just because your ass is adorned with "HOTTIE" doesn't mean that you are or that your look is, either.
4	Clean, friendly, snacks, free beer... yea who could not be a fan.  I love airport clubs for the most part.  This is no exception here in Charlotte for US Airways.  The bathrooms are clean.  They have a spot for almost anyone, TV rooms, quiet rooms and business rooms.  I"m a fan if you have time stop in.
5	Maybe I'm spoiled since this is my first time in a club, but this place is fabulous! Spacious, CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN, quiet rooms with a great view of the tarmac, full bar, snacks, great magazine selection to take for the plane...that's free, I think I got my money's worth in magazines...not to mention very friendly staff and nice bathrooms unlike the rest at the airport that leave you feeling rushed and dirty. Thanks US Airways, I will club with you again
5	After having just experienced the solid, "C," that is the US Airways Club at DCA, the home hub of US Airways is a breath of fresh air. Clean. Leather. A quiet room with no TV's, a room with TV's and a place for folks to work at desks in the back. Oh, the gals ( is that condescending to say? Not meant that way ) are wonderful. They've got great, light southern accents that made me smile after a long day. The bartender had a twisty mustache, recommend the saltimbocco salad and he was right on. The only weird thing I didn't like us that the men's bathroom only has one stall. For a club that can seemingly accommodate 50+ people, that's just silly. Love it here.
3	All in all a decent star alliance club. Not quite up to par for a "hub" location as compared to the NW/DL DTW clubs or the UA  SFO  locations, it's still pleasant and quiet. (BTW this is a club in the B terminal.)As a European Star Alliance Gold member I can get access even when flying US domestic. In the US when flying domestic First you do not get access to lounges. You have to buy memberships or day passes.
2	This place sucks!  You have to pay for drinks?  What kind of lounge is that?  Oh how I miss Delta or AA or United lounges.  The service at the bar was kind of rude as well but I let it slide cause I was a thirsty dude with a family in tow.  But mind you....US AIr sucks and this only shows even more why this airline all together is terrible.  No wonder they will allow any one with AMEX to come in regardless if they are flying on their airline.  You have to pay for everything!!!
3	This meets all the requirements of a decent airline club.  Comfortable seating, free beverages and snacks and decent views of the tarmac.  There is also a "quiet" area away from the general seating if you don't want to hear conversations and have some privacy.  Food quality & selection seems a bit more basic than some of the other Star Alliance clubs.  Can get a bit crowded in the morning when the rush of commuters goes out of Charlotte.
3	The price is $29 for the day. And that seems like a pretty good deal when you need a place to hang for a 4-hour layover. The people running the front desk were pretty nice, but lacked a little something. Like, perhaps give me a run-down of the place, or wish me a good day or something. I don't know... kind people, but not outgoing.The areas are nice, but there are TVs everywhere. Makes it very difficult to get some peace and quiet - though there is a nice area in back where you can get some non-TV time, but it's set up library cubbies, so you can't get any conversations or interactions going. It would be nice to have a lounge-like area w/o TVs.The food options pretty much sucked. The wine and beer that comes with the $29 were reasonable, so I was happy about that. Overall good experience, but it would be nice to get a little more in the way of food options and a little more in the way of non-TV relaxation. Still felt that it was worth the money.
2	I think US Airways policy of charging for drinks (unless you happen to like Bud or Bud Light) sucks monumentally.  If someone pays $50 to get a day pass, they shouldn't have to pay for a decent import or a glass of wine that doesn't resembles colored battery acid.  Yes this Charlotte club is spacious (but also full of traffic come rush hour), but that and a fancy coffee machine is not sufficient justification for the charge.  And the staff - what can I say?  They're not nicknamed "US Scare" for no reason.  This is the third time I've been "burned" by them, and I will even try more to avoid - but in a place like CLT, it's as inevitable as death and taxes - and just about as desirable.
4	Stuck up snooties? Yes! Business people who never leave their job aka laptop? Yes! Me drinking free budweiser until i throw up on first class?  Oh you better friggin believe it.  This US air club is pretty nice.  Decent selection of snacks/soup.  Good seating area to mess around, work cubbies galore, and nice bar with what I wish had bigger TVs. The bartenders were very nice and so were the people at the front desk.  A lot of people just stayed to themselves and seemed a little stuck up.  Overall it was a good club.  I wish that you didnt have to pay for any drinks that werent budweiser.  Seems a little odd as the other clubs usually don't charge for drinks.
5	Definitely larger than the Club in the B Terminal. There were plenty of seats, a larger snack offering, a full bar and business center located here. Relax in one of a few nooks and crannies or enter the quiet room. I found the rotunda area great - close to the snacks and quiet enough on its own. The area between the entrance and the rotunda has televisions. Cleaner than B Club as well I thought. If I have the time I would definitely in the future walk over to this club versus use the B one even if my flight was in the B terminal.
2	So it's clean and they keep the riff-raff out, but honestly you can say that about McDonalds.I recently became a United Premier 1K member and I decided to check out the US Air Club during a 6 hour layover in Charlotte, after my red eye across the country. After years of hanging out in the Starbucks around the corner, I was curious to see how the 1% travelled. At the entrance, the seemed like they did not want let me in despite my first class international ticket and membership status on United.  Once inside, the vibe is tired and bored, the TV is permanently tuned to CNN, the only newspapers are USA Today and the local paper.  On top of that the coffee is an automatic coffee machine and they only have mini-moos and coffeemate. The food options are worse. Store bought bagels and sad looking apples and oranges. Get me a NYT, a decent cup of coffee and some fresh fruit! Glad I did not have to pay for this.Two stars for the bathrooms being clean and well stocked and the comfortable chair where I got catch up on my sleep. Ok for being complementary but there is no way I would pay anything for this!
4	The correct name for this business is "US Airways Club & Business Center" as in the photo I added. In typical Yelp fashion, not only is the name incorrect, but the incorrect information is locked in so no updates can be made. Bravo! As a Yelp shareholder I strongly object to the idiocy.There's a single terminal building at Charlotte International Airport with two US Airways Clubs. One is located on Concourse B between gates 3 and 5. The other, which includes a Business Center, is located on Concourse C at the intersection of Concourse D.The one on Concourse C is quite large, quiet, and comfortable with complimentary wireless, snacks, soft drinks, and draft beer. It makes a nice excuse to arrive early for your flight.
2	I would give the Delta equivalent 5 stars when it comes to facilities and hospitality.  Their policy of no outside food makes since, but when you travel with 2 small kids that just want a slice of pizza to eat and are hounded down by the us air club police to leave makes no sense.  We spend about 100k with this airline per year and this is the hospitality we receive?  It's 2 slices of pizza not bags of "to go" food for the whole family.  So my two girls and I sit on the floor outside of the sliding glass door of the US Air Club to eat their pizza.
3	This US Air Club is between the C and the D concourses of Charlotte airport, which is one of the bigger hubs for US Air. Very comfortable with a lot of seating areas, plenty of power outlets and a great view of the ramp operations when you're sitting out a long layover here.Free beer (Bud Light and Bud) and laughably Yuengling is a $5 "premium" beer that's available. But not in the morning, even on weekdays. Because even though it's morning here, it might not be morning wherever you're flying from! In most other airline clubs, the beer and most well liquor drinks are free, but not here at US Air!There are some limited food options, so if you want to take your chances with germs by spooning some mixed nuts or olives from huge bowls, go ahead. I'd recommend that you stick to the pre-wrapped cheese and the crackers, but maybe I'm crazy. Sometimes there is soup here too. I really like the vegetable with chicken meatballs, but it's usually the tomato bisque when I'm here. I'm sure they have a schedule, i can't find it.The quiet room is the best part of the lounge. Even more quiet than the regular areas, you'll find people shushing at businessmen making cell phone calls or families shouting "DO YOU WANT SOME ORANGE JUICE?" across the lounge. Because we're just that common here.No outside food is permitted in the club.
2	Regardless of the correct name, I had my first visit into the US Airways Club & Business Center last week. Thankfully I used free passes. Though the club offers a MUCH better place to be then in any terminal - once inside I really expected more. It was a huge place with tid bits of food here and there, but nothing like I thought there should be. Cheese that didn't taste too good, soup with too many noodles and endless amounts of chairs without a place for your lap top. I was naive to think that you might get free drinks, but not even soda was free! In my opinion they could have done so much more with the space. The restrooms were clean enough - cleaner then the ones in the terminal and the entire lounge was much less noisy, but the cost is a bit high! I will be checking out the other airports to see how their clubs compare, but I'm hoping for a cheaper way without being a Chairman! I was more impressed by the Delta Club!
2	Like all US Airways clubs, I'm not too impressed.  Stopped here twice in the last week on two layovers, and was super disappointed with the food.  They only carry chips and cookies, which left me pretty hungry.
4	I recommend taking full advantage of free gate side baggage check in to your final destination. Very hassle free at US Airways
3	It's always nice to slip into a quiet spot when there are delays.  Today, Charlotte was fogged in and a number of flights were cancelled or delayed. I stopped in at the larger club between terminals C and D.  The check is desk is rather large so I didn't have to wait in line.  This club is broken into a number of different areas - bar area, a quiet zone, business area, and the open area.  There is plenty of seating and power outlets.  The TV's are normally on some news channel or sports.  I do wish they would have something else on - maybe a little Food Network.  The bar does not serve until after 8AM.  That is a major bummer.  Yes, I know it is early but who doesn't want a Bloody Mary or Screwdriver?  The bar is limited in what you may have on the house - Bud or Bud Light, white or red wine  - you pay for everything else.  Wine by the glass is pretty pricey, $12.  The snack selection is far better than their peers - chips and salsa, variety of bagels (not just plain), cookies, soup - fun stuff.  They do not have any cheese or crackers.As for the look of the club, it could use a facelift.  The walls are dark wood.  The chairs are gray.  I think they were going for a professional look but it quickly has been passed up by other clubs like the new United Club on F in Chicago and any Delta Sky Club - there are very modern and fun.Overall not a bad place to stop in for a quick nosh and beer.
1	Booked my flight online confirmed that I had access to the club since American Express Platinum does not provide that anymore Barbara confirmed i did...when I get there they advise that I do not... this is after they booked me into Jacksonville North Carolina as opposed to Florida when I gave her the flight info, they refused me at the door and then management came in and were completely clueless
1	RudeFlying first class on us air to Bahamas  Read on US Air flt that first class ticket got u access to us airways club.  Since it was beside my gate in Charlotte my wife and I walked in to use bathroom.  Bald RUDE guy asked us what we were doing.  I showed him our tickets and said we stopped in to use bathroom   He RUDELY said this isn't a bathroom it is a club for members.   As I was leaving I saw an admirals club sign reminding that us air and AA had merged.  My wife said  hey you're an admirals club member to me.  Bald, rude overheard and as door closed was saying you should have said you were admirals club. Rudely    THIS CLUB SUCKS.  I'm glad  American took over US AIR. Perhaps demanding they learn manners will be the result
4	Im an American Airlines OneWorld member which absolutely allows you to take advantage of the USAirways clubs at CLT.  Its a great place to hang out and watch ivies on your laptop if you have a few hours between your flights.  I went at the one on Concourse B because my flight was departing out of Concourse A and this is closest to my gate.  If you're taking a late night flight and this one is closed, you can try the club on Concourse C. Personally, i prefer the Delta clubs, but this one is large and has a fully stocked snack buffet which serves better food than what you're getting on board the plane, so its a good idea to grab a few snacks for later.
2	Large lounge for airline status guests. I was invited from Lufthansa and dissapointed; for every complimentary  drink you have to join the barkeeper. They offer only beer as complimentary alcoholic beverage (some years the selection was defenitely better).Nothing special regarding food: simple soup and some cheese with olives. No place to feel comfortable...
