5	Ah there's nothing like a rough ride on a good woodie!I'm talking rollercoasters here folks!  A "woodie" is slang for a wooden coaster.   Despite the fact that my ultimate favorite , the Phantom's Revenge, is a steel coaster, I actually prefer woodies.  Steel coasters may give you a quiet, smooth ride.  But for me, I love the bone-rattling, rough-riding, wheel-squealing effects of a great wooden coaster.   No it's not a hometown call here o' fellow coaster geeks.  The Thunderbolt is the best one out there.  What makes the Thunderbolt so great?  Well for starters, parts of it are old.  It was originally built in 1924 and was known as the Pippen.  A 1968 remodeling of the ride by Andy E. Vettel expanded the ride, adding helix hills and four drops down a ravine.  The Thundebolt is essentially an out-n-back coaster with elements of a ravine/terrain coaster.  What makes this coaster so unique is that you don't go up the lift hill immediately out of the station.  This coaster takes such good advantage of its terrain that it drops immediately upon departure and the lift hill is in the middle.Oh, and because of the design of the seats and because of the fact that the ride is so rough, you CANNOT ride alone.  You absolutely have to have a partner, even in the unlikely event that there are other empty seats on the train!  Riding by yourself or the odd person out in your group?  They'll find a partner for you.  Ready to take a ride?  Okay, comfortable?  Any loose items secured?  Here we go.  We immediately do a drop out of the station, under the Phantom's Revenge.  We then go back up, take a right turn, and then hit the lift hill.  Clack, clack, clack, clack--hear that lift chain?  Okay, we're at the top, the chain has disengaged, another right turn, and into the Thunderbolt's famous bowl we go.  We gonna take a spin around here twice, then a left jog, and another drop under the Phantom.  Wheels squealing now, we make another righ towards the big finish--the tallest drop on the ride before hitting the brake run and back into the station.As we exit the ride, have your insides caught up yet?  Have you stopped jittering?  Now you know why we had to partner up!  That thing really tosses us around in our seat!  And though the Thunderbolt may not be the tallest woodie out there, it throws its hills and turns at you fast-n-furiously!Awesome ride and it's an ACE (American Coasters Enthusiasts) Classic Award recipient.
4	i enjoy the thunderbolt! its super fast for a wooden coaster and I feel its pretty long one too, just when you think its over you keep going :) Funny story - last summer my boyfriend and i went to Kennywood. it was his first time there since he just moved from Florida. So we get in line for the thunderbolt and he's asking me 21 questions about how fast it is and if it scary (yes its fast, no its not scary!) once we get on, he ducks his head to not see anything and then proceeds to tell me that he is afraid of roller coasters and hasnt been on one since he was like 9! (we are on the Thunderbolt guys and this kid is about to pee his pants from being scared!) Long story short, I got him to ride every roller coaster at Kennywood. He tried to back down on the revenge and the new(er) sky rocket after waiting in line for a half hour but nope! we rode them all! :)
3	I enjoy the thunderbolt but not as much as i would like. That fact that this ride is so rough and rugged gives me second thoughts about getting on it. The line in this ride is great because it goes soooo fast. You literally stand for only 20 seconds before you have to move again. You don't even have time to send a text before the line has moved.I think it's only a 25 minute wait if your at the way end of the line but that's usually rare.  You have to ride with a partner i figured out because the ride will literally destroy your body if you don't have a body to absorb those harsh corners. The smaller rider has to sit first because when you hit those corner they are thrown into you and if you are bigger and on the outside you might crush the inside rider..lol. Any who, the rough wood coaster is very shaky almost too shaky to enjoy. I always lean forward on the last dip to prevent my back from slamming against the rear. It's obvious these coasters weren't built for comfort but for thrill.I do enjoy that there is a drop straight out of the gate which a lot of coasters dont have so it sets you up for the real joy in the first corner turn. You can see all the on lookers by the lemonade stand checking you out as you make the turn plus you can wave to them too. The line for this ride is fast especially at night. there's only about 30 people in line after 7 but it was on the Sunday before the first day of school started so mabe that's why.
5	My 450th review goes to another top Pittsburgh landmark, the best wooden coaster at Kennywood, the Thunderbolt!The Thunderbolt is the best of the best, consistently ranked as one of the top coasters in the country. Formerly known as "the Pippin", she was redesigned and renamed. Spoiler alert, don't read any further if you hate spoilers, the dip right out of the gate, before climbing the first hill will take your breath away. Many first time riders fall madly in love with this coaster after one ride. Kennywood Park is frequently visited by coaster enthusiasts from all over the world for its collection of wooden coasters.
5	I love roller coasters but can be skeptical about wooden coasters because of how rough they can be.  I had heard horror stories about this ride, so on my prior two trips to the park, I avoided it.On our tour of the park, I learned about the upgrades that had been made and what they do in order to ensure a safe and smooth(ish) ride.  The line was short so I figured I would finally give it a try.  I was glad I did.  It was SO MUCH FUN!  You can't ride it as a single rider, but the ride operators help you find a partner.  If there are no other single riders, they will ride with you.  I was curious about what that was the case, but after riding, I could see that you needed the two bodies so you didn't slide too much during the turns.  I love the dips, especially the first one right out of the gate.  In most coasters you expect a lift hill right way, not a fun and fast plunge.  I love how the natual dips in the land were used to make this coaster more thrilling.  It was cool to go under Phantom's Revenge and to get great views of the park including Potato Patch.The line moves quickly and the ride itself is quick (about a minute and a half) but it is extremely fun and worth it if you are unfortunate and have a long wait time.I can't wait to ride the Thunderbolt again the next time I go to the park!
