5	First, I would like to note that I tried two rodent control services without success. Finally out of total frustration we called Pestinators. Truthfully I did not think the end result would change. I wondered the difference as the first two had stuck many traps in our attic. When they arrived- on time I should mention- Peter spent well over an hour going through our attic and even climbed up on our roof. He took pictures, he documented each item of concern and from there he explained his plan of action. His plan made perfect sense. It sure helped ease my  concern that Pestinators guarantees their services. It was installed the same day. Within a week all signs of the rats were gone. We have our life back. We are very happy customers.
5	These guys are for real. I had 2 differnet problems  and they came out and solved them both. I called the Pestinators 2 weeks ago for  a major pigeon problem there was over 30 birds nesting on my roof. I had tried everything to get rid of them from shooting them with my BB gun to putting poison on my roof but nothing worked. Pete checked it out and found 5 areas that the pigeons really like about my house. He recommended to take away those areas by installing netting with a stainless steel cable frame. And to install a steel mesh to stop them from nesting under my A/C.I also had a  rat problem that I had in my attic and I had tried everything that Home Depot and Lowes had to offer. I had spent about $400 and nothing was working. So I decide to call a professional and I'm happy I did. Pete came out and did a thorough inspection he was here almost 2 hours checking through my  3 attics access and he didn't just peak his head in their. He went in and was up there for some time. He also was on top of my roof checking to see how the rats were getting in. Well he figure it out 2 weeks later my rat problems were gone, its been 3 months and I haven't heard a peep. I don't post often here but the Pestinators deserve a good review.  Kudos
5	Read this review if you are a huge skeptic.My digs were seriously infested with pigeons.  I'm talking a balcony and pool area covered in serious pigeon doo.  This had to be dealt with before my new patio furniture was delivered.  I did a lot of research online to determine how I could single-handedly rid myself of pigeons and came to a sad conclusion: I needed a professional.After looking around on Yelp!, I decided to go with Pestinators.  The technician who came to my house was very professional (not to mention easy on the eyes) and after inspecting my roof and balcony area, he recommended I go with the stainless steel cables and the wire which deters pigeons (this was mentioned in someone else's review).  He quoted me a fairly reasonable price, but I was wavering on whether to move forward, because I am a cheap one.  When he informed me that Pestinators guarantees that this system will rid the area of pigeons, I went for it.  The work was completed right then and the results were immediate.  No more pigeons.  A month and a half later and I am still pigeon free.My Dad visited from Kentucky and watched the system in action.  He saw a pigeon zero in on my house and promptly fly the other way when it came close to the cables!  Genius!  You will not regret using this company to rid you of your rats in the sky.
