4	(Service) I have a friend of a friend who works here, and he takes pretty good care of me when I need stuff done.  Since they specialize on VW I'd say they're pretty knowledgeable, and cheaper than your dealership hands down.  Star off for hours and location, plus the fact that their front office looks like it's 40 years old.  Actually their whole facility looks pretty run-down, but I guess low overhead keeps stuff cheap.  The stickers on the new cars don't look cheap, but I don't price VWs anymore.
2	Deduct.  Apparently whatever they said they fixed last time I was here, they failed to fix.  Either something broke again after they repaired it or they didn't fix it at all, or something.  Chances are pretty good I'll be back here again, (hopefully Doug will be back from vacation by then) but for now, two stars.
1	On the basis of a friend's recommendation, I was going to take my car to be serviced here. I made an appointment a week in advance, and the person I talked with told me to arrive when they opened at 8:00 AM to ensure I would get my car back the same day. I arrived right at 8:00 AM on the day of the appointment. To my great surprise, the business was completely closed and locked up. I called their number and got an answering machine on which I left a message informing them I had an appointment. I waited an additional 15 minutes and decided to leave. Around 9:00 AM, I got a call from someone named Sean. He offered no apology, but he did promise me I could take my car in anytime. It was an easy decision to go somewhere else.
5	I was in need of a newer car and terribly afraid of going to a dealership.  So after much research and talking to a couple salesmen on the phone I was starting to panic.  I decided to check Yelp.  I found LeSueur to have more good reviews than bad so I checked their website, found a car I liked and gave them a call.  I believe it was Steve who answered and he was pretty casual about selling cars and invited me over to try out the car I was interested in.  He didn't sound like a salesman at all which totally impressed me as I was so nervous to step onto a car lot.  When I arrived he greeted me and showed me a few cars and let me look around on my own.  I was able to test drive them alone which was great.  I chose a car in my price range and he even got me a better interest rate than my own bank offered me, they took my old clunker off my hands and I feel I got a great car that I love for a great deal.  I didn't feel trapped or pressured like I've heard from other people's horror stories with buying a car.  I don't like to haggle but it wasn't necessary since they have good prices as I have verified by looking up the fair market value of the car I purchased.  The transaction was pretty quick and easy.    While I was there, I learned that they are a family business, and they've been operating locally for over 30 years.  I'll totally buy my next car from them and recommend them to my friends and family.
4	If you want a no pressure, no haggling car experience, LeSueur is a great place to go.  You can browse without being harrassed or pressured and you can test drive the car without the akwardness of the salesperson being in the car with you.  The staff is all friendly and down to earth.  There is no high pressure sales here.  They price the cars fairly and let the car and price do all the work.  The one down side to this establishment is the office space and forget about using the bathroom, which is why I can give them five stars.  My understanding is a new building is a couple months away from completion, which will make this a five star establishment.  I have bought two cars here and I am sure I will be back to buy again.  Thanks guys.
5	This place is awesome. I dealt with Ryan and he made the whole experience smooth and painless. What a refreshing car buying transaction. I drove out from SoCal after finding the car on their great, user-friendly website. It was totally worth the drive; the whole transaction took less than 30 minutes. I wish they were closer; although I might drive to AZ for each car I buy from now on!
5	If you HATE the typical car buying "experience" (back and forth on numbers, feeling used, not sure if you got ripped off when you leave etc)....LeSueur is the place for you.  My husband and I were looking to trade in my convertible for a more family friendly car due to the recent arrival of our son.  We went into LeSueur because my father and sister also had good experiences with them buying VW's.    From the time we walked in the door to the time we drove away in our new car, we were literally treated like friends or family and were treated fairly and we got a good deal on our new car.  When was the last time you had a casual friendly conversation with a car salesman about family, babies and life in general?    The main reasons why we will come back when we need to upgrade to a larger car (ugh, the mini-van or 3rd row SUV) are because we were treated like we mattered and that our business and money was valued.  I hate when you go to a dealership and you feel like you have to work and beg...when YOU are the customer!  We were thanked multiple times for our business and were treated well.  It's about time a car dealership like this exists.  We're happy to have purchased our car from them :)
4	nice family owned business that I bought my 2007 VW Eos from last April...I made the mistake of taking my VW in for a battery replacement to North Scottsdale VW out of convenience, big mistake...total jerks...I will only go back to La Sueur from now on even if it's not close to home
5	Mini Yeah!  Mini Baby!!  Stephen was great!!  I went to two Mini dealers in town and all they had was 4 hail damaged over priced Clubmans..  We stopped in to LeSueur and they had 5 clubmans and a ton of regular Minis!!  Stephen was very helpful, not pushy, answered all questions and treated us with true customer service!We never felt like we were buying a car, we felt like we were talking to a friend!Thanks so much!  I will never go any where else!I love my mini!!
5	Absolutely love them! Steven helped myself and two of my very best friends of 17 years buy our new cars (one bought a Prius and the other a Venza). He helped me trade-in my gas-guzzling, accident magnet Exdeptition for a Prius with 50mpg, holla! Seriously no pressure, EVER. The whole process was super fast, which for a busy gal, was important to me.And, I even left my NAVI in my trade and Steven ran to the dealer he sold it to and rescued it for me; he pretty much rules!I would highly recommend LeSueur! :)
5	I purchased my Volvo wagon here and I was very impressed by the laid back and friendly way I was treated.  At no point were they rude or pushy and the whole process was just pleasant.  In fact, it felt like I was dealing with an old friend through the whole process, they didn't come across as shady or insincere at all.  Very enjoyable experience, and the next time I need a car they will be the first place I contact.  These guys absolutely DESERVE my repeat business!  :)
5	These guys just keep getting better!  Just got a check for a referral in the mail!  WOW nobody does this!  What a great surprise!  My friend Cheryl bought a MINI just like mine and I got a check for sending her!  AWESOME!!  Thanks for keeping your word Stephen!  Cant wait to refer some other peeps!Keep up the great work!!!
5	I've had the pleasure of buying two vehicles and selling one vehicle with the LeSueur's.  I will not even consider shopping anywhere else.  They listen to your needs and recommend the proper vehicle for your particular situation.  If they don't have what you are looking for, they will find it. Do yourself a favor and shop at LeSueur Car Company if you are in the market for an automobile.  You will not regret it.
5	I was hesitant about going to La Sueur as I usually buy my cars from the dealer directly or a car broker. I read the online comments that made me give it a try and I was not disappointed! They are family owned and know their business. It was a hot Saturday but still had many people at the lot buying cars. I got a great deal, worked with Kris who was patient, ran numbers for me a few times and let me see/drive the car as much as I wanted. He didn't pressure me once into buying the high end model which was nice. Very straight forward and not over the top sales which was refreshing.I walked out of there with a new Prius and very pleased with the whole experience. I would definitely recommend everyone go there first before buying a new car and I plan on returning the next time!
4	Kris and his team shifted my paradigm of what I believed to be a car buying experience.  Flexible, non stressful, patience, huge variety of cars to see ( you don't need to go from dealership to dealership) they pretty much have it all.  I drove over 12 cars in 2 days and decided on a 2012 VW CC with 450 miles on it.  Great $$ deal and Great car.  Got a brand new car without paying the brand new price.  2nd, you don't feel the slimy, needy, pushy energy you get from most dealerships.  These guys are all family and make you feel like your coming into their house.  I'll will recommend anyone who's looking for a car to LeSueur Car Company.  Give them a try!  Thanks Guys.
5	Bought my car here in 2010. In the last 2 years...I've never wanted to go anywhere else. People are great and the service here is great. They saved me a lot of money by looking up the recalls for my car and sent me a day before my warranty expired to fix a lot of stuff on my car!!!Overall... great shop where they know their VWs
5	Hands down the best place I've been for car repair. People at LaSueur are friendly, professional, and really knowledgeable. I have a second-hand tricked-out Mini Cooper S and we are in the process of de-modifying it to make it safer.I don't know much about cars, and most times the mechanics didn't bother to explain to me the charges and the reason behind them (or at least they remained a mystery to us after we left the shop). So I feel an almost inherent distrust towards car shops. A woman I met in the light rail park-and-ride garage who owns a gorgeous yellow mini recommended this place to me. We made an appointment with LaSueur to put on new wheels and balance it. My husband visited the place the day before the appointment and told me I would love this place -- he told me it feels very different.Surely it is different, in a very good way! It's a true Mini's heaven. I don't think I have seen so many used Minis in such good conditions at a second-hand dealership. But what really impresses me is the service I got on my baby car. The mechanics came out a number of times during the wheel change and explained to us what he would be doing every step along the way, and walked my husband through it. He also came out and asked for approval of an additional charge when he found out some beam must be replaced. In the end, we were given a diagram that compared how the car was balanced before and after. I've surely never seen this much data on my car anywhere else!The car drives so much more smoothly after the balance and the new wheel. The balancing is only $75 (and they didn't charge me for putting on the wheels). I feel it is a seriously honest place where I can trust my car in good hands. My husband is thinking of bringing his VW R32 here from Tucson for balancing too.LaSueur has won me over! We would do more work on my mini, and this would be the place for me to go!
5	My husband & I recently purchased a Volkswagen Jetta TDI from LeSueur & were extremely happy with our experience there. Steven helped us out and wasn't remotely like any car salesman I've ever dealt with before. He was helpful without being pushy and really made the whole process quite pleasant. After reading the other positive reviews we decided to give LeSueur a go & are very pleased that we did!
5	I felt compelled to write a review for Kris and LeSueur even though I haven't even purchased a car yet!!! Kris as been working with me for the past few weeks in search of a the right vehicle, and I must say that his patience and hassle-free customer service should be the bar all automotive salesmen are measured up to! By helping me with vehicle background checks, and answering all my questions I have to say this has been the most positive vehicle related experience I've had and this will be the fourth vehicle I purchase. I've been considering purchasing this car from out of state as I am from California and this dealership is in Arizona, but Kris's customer service has made this research and preparation process so much easier! I highly recommend you give them a try if your looking into purchasing a used vehicle!
5	So I just purchased a vechicle from here and by far was one of the most pleasant experiences I've ever had.  Ryan Biggs was a great sales rep and answered my questions straight and to the point.  He gave me fair pricing and in this time and age fair is always good.  I will reccommend everyone I know to go here and if they can remember my recommendation for Ryan then I'm sure it'll make for even a better experience.  Though I only had a chance to converse with Ryan, the whole office puts off a good aura.  Not a sales oriented aura but a actual pleasant shopping experience.  I bought my vehicle on need and didn't have the time to get everything prepped but Ryan offered to correct what wasn't prepared ahead of time which shows me that they care.  Honestly the experience was like nothing I've never had and it was in a sense liberating.  I did a little research and found great reviews and was not disappointed!  If and when I need service on my VW Jetta TDI I'll be venturing back or if I need another vehicle.  You can defintely tell its a family environment and overall was an extremely pleasant experience.  Thanks again!!!
5	I have never bought a car sight unseen before, and if it wasn't for the confidence I had after talking with Kris Le Suer on the phone, I would not have gotten on a plane.  After the event, and the few days of driving my new car, I am even more pleased with my experience at Le Suer.  I had been to new VW dealerships here in CA and gotten the total run-around, so when I found this family run operation, I was thrilled.Kris and team, GREAT job.  Your pride in your company and honest [to a fault] approach made me leave this review and I will refer you ANY chance I get.  Your newer pre-owned inventory is stunning, so I'm sure my friends here in CA will find great choices.All the best to you!  And you thanks again!~
5	Picked up a 2012 Kia Soul today from this place. I had originally shopped online since I live out of town and was picking a car with the help of James Lesueur over the phone. The car is perfect for what we need it for (its for our company) it was in perfect condition and had been expertly detailed. When we took it for a quick test drive I noticed the gas was low and made a mental note to get gas before heading out of town. Well we got the paperwork done in record time, 1 hour, James was meticulous in checking everything and when I went back out to leave they had filled the gas tank for me!!! This was the icing on the cake. Not only is this family owned shop a great place to buy from all the men working there are good looking! Not that this matters at all in buying a car but it sure doesn't hurt. I got a great deal and had a good time and next time we need a car we will head here first. They have a state of the art facility and a great website too.
5	If you're looking to experience how a car dealership should function and serve customers, go to LeSueur Car Company.  They win on price, service, environment, ease of transaction and overall selection.  These guys understand how to put people first.  Their service is excellent, their prices are better than any other dealership I've visited (and I've compared both new and used cars and trade in values on three different car purchases).  I keep going back to LeSueur Car Company.  These guys get it and I appreciate that.  They have a large inventory of used cars that are in excellent condition.  They can also get you any new car that isn't a dealer exclusive purchase.  We bought a new Honda in 2008 from LeSueur's.  We shopped around on this and LeSueur's car company beat two local Honda dealers straight up on the price of the new Honda and on my trade in.  That made it a very easy decision.  Add in the fact that the actual purchase transaction took less than an hour (from driving the old car into the lot to driving the new car out of the lot) and I'm a netpromoter for LeSueur's Car Company.  If you're looking for a new or used car, stop by LeSueur's Car Company and experience the difference.
5	I've been coming here since 2003.  I have an out of warranty VW and only trust LeSueur with my car.  Service/labor prices beat any dealership in the area.  They are honest, friendly and a pleasure to do business with.  Ask for Ken in service, he's great!
5	LeSueur Car Company is hands down the best car dealership I have ever been to.  It is family owned and that makes the atmosphere  laid back and welcoming! I just recently bought a 2011 Nissan Sentra from this dealership and it looked exactly like it did on-line. Their prices are fair, the service is great and they don't try to screw you with stupid fees and overpriced cars. Ryan Biggs sold me my car and he has been the best car salesman I have ever worked with. He answered all my questions and didn't try to trick me into anything.If you are looking for a used car and expect great service, LeSueur is the place to go!
5	I just have to share. A week ago my 2010 JCW Mini Cooper started sounding like a diesel when starting and if I let the clutch in at low revs, it sounded like something was groaning/waling until up to speed. I took it to LeSueur Car sales  to have them look at it versus the dealer because of when I was looking for a used Mini they were outstanding (I didn't buy my Mini from them though).  Anyway, they worked on it most of the day and were planning to keep it overnight as they couldn't find the cause and had to remove some parts to see the last motor mount.  30 minute later they called and it was fixed. They found a socket from some old oil change or something that managed to get lodged into the motor mount! LOL!They only charged me $46, which I think was a steal.   I would have never found the issue, and I'm sure if I took it to a real Mini Dealer it would have been much more and wouldn't have found the issue either.Really happy LeSueur's mechanics are so dedicated and kept at it till they figured out the sound source!
5	Friendly family owned lot, good selection with fair prices. Overall we are satisfied with the price we paid for our new vehicle and what we got for our old vehicle. Low pressure, the offered us the usually add-on such as warranty, the price for was fair and unlike most they list what is covered in writing and not just lip service. We did not feel any pressure to purchase these add-ons. I would buy from them again.*update*The day the the final papers were signed we noticed that the drivers window switch would not operate any of the other windows. We had an appointment for the lot to install a part that was missing anyway so we informed the lot of the issue and they said to bring it in. They told us the switch needed replaced and they would talk to kris to see if they would cover it. Well kris never called back to discuss it and it turns out it did not need the switch, it needed re-programed. The dealership had either replaced or disconnected the battery and the switch needed to relearn the auto up and down. Took 5 min to do, if the dealership had replaced it a new switch costs 450 from Toyota. And who knows if they would have charged us because kris never called back. Looks like they take their time following up once they have your money and their service guy should spend more time solving issues instead of just throwing parts at it. Being nice only taking away 2 stars.Update 2They finally got in touch with us and took care of the issue, i will be nice and give the stars back.
5	After searching for a new car I found the one I wanted at LeSueur.  This is a dealership that I had never heard of.  After a bit of research and the overwhelming positive reviews on yelp; I decided to head on down.  When I walked in the door I was immediately greeted.  I chuckled to myself when I saw every name on the the office doors ended in LeSueur.  Truly a family owned company.  No pressure sales, and Steven was very upfront about the history on the car.  Most people shy away from lemon law cars but they are a great buy because of price and the fact that they are refurbished from the manufacturer.  The buying experience was great.  There was none of the usual "used car salesman" vibe in the showroom.  Paperwork was speedy and I was in and out very fast.  I was also very pleased to  find out they are on a county island.  Which saved me about  2% in taxes.  They have made a customer for life.
5	Love this place!! I've bought 2 vehicles through the place over the years.  It's a family run and operated biz... very fair and very honest!
5	I recently purchased a Mini Cooper from Riley at LeSueur! My experience here was beyond amazing!  Riley was very nice and friendly.  There was no pressure to purchase a car at anytime! Riley and James both worked with me very graciously! And both ended up having to do things for me on their days off!  And neither made an issue out if it what so ever!  I would go back here to purchase another car in the over & over again! Hands down. This has been the best car buying experience  I have ever had!  THANK YOU! Danielle :)
5	It's so easy to have a bad time shopping for cars. That wasn't the case for our visit here. Regular dealers love to bully you into making a decision nownownow and shroud the truth behind puffed up numbers and sales slang. We were referred by a friend and found some inventory online we really liked so we stopped in yesterday. We were given the freedom of test driving the cars without the salesman riding along which I liked. We found *the* car and Kyle was so helpful with getting all of our paperwork going. I most enjoyed his clear, black and white breakdown of the fees to be absorbed into the end price. Nothing was ever unclear. Most importantly,  we never felt pressured once, which is such a perk for car shopping.  I was impressed by the level of professionalism and helpfulness without once coming off as overbearing. We got our car and will refer everyone here in the future!
5	Nothing shocking here..yet another 5 star review.  We purchased a used VW Tiguan from LeSuer around the early part of 2014.  The service before, during, and after was exemplary.  I hope to get into the business in a year or so, and this family owned dealership would be my role model.  I am an extremely busy businessman, and my wife bought the car on her own.. the brakes were grinding after purchased and not acting normal (the car stopped fine but it was an abnormal sound).. I didn't know where she bought the car and I was very nervous as the deal was already complete, and the car was used.  LeSueur replaced all of the brake rotors and pads at THEIR EXPENSE no questions asked, as they were not covered under warranty, and MUCH MORE.  WOW.  At no time after initially contacting them did we ever feel nervous about being stuck with a problem vehicle.  Thank you SO MUCH for standing behind something that you sold.  Mark my words, when it comes time to purchase another used vehicle, I will be calling Kris LeSueur.  I salute you and your family, it is hard to maintain a top notch reputation like this on Yelp!
5	I recently took my MINI Countryman to LeSeur for an oil change.  I was expecting to be told my car needed "this or that" however,  the only considerate suggestion given was to replace a worn right rear tire. NOTHING MORE!     The service was very professional & efficient...my appt was at 9:30am, and  my car was finished within 45min.  Good job guys, Thank you ...I'll be back (possibly to purchase another MINI) in the near future.
5	David and the auto repair team at LeSueur have been great to work with. I feel that they are consistently honest in the work that they do on my vehicles. They were kind enough to drive me over to Tempe Marketplace while they worked on my car, then came and picked me up after. Great experience.
4	Outstanding job. Even completed a wax detail by staying late. The owner, George is a South Austin original. His family has been in the car wash business for as long as he has been alive. Nice to see him build and manage his own place.
5	I bought a car from LeSeuer in September--it was a little scary for me because 1) I was out-of-state, and 2) the car was a factory buyback. Steven made me very comfortable (as much as I could be) with the purchase, explained how the shipping would work, and walked me through the whole process before I committed to anything. I've had the car now for a little over a month and 1,000 miles, and I love it! I got a great deal and buying it from an out-of-state dealer was hassle-free. I highly recommend these guys to anybody shopping for a car on the Internet. So much better than sitting in a dealership getting hammered on by one person after another--I'll never buy a car that way again.
