1	Shasta built my pool in 2006 with a raised spa.  The spa now leaks due to an internal Pipe leaking.  Contacted Shasta and they said it was not covered by their warranty, it only covers structural issues.  Shasta warranty is not that good, dont believe the hype about being a Shaster master pool.... all these pool builders use the same contractors and Shasta doesn't give any better support/warranty then the cheaper guys do.
1	We were working with Paulo at Shasta Pools to get the pool design we wanted within our price limit.   Paulo was not helpful in his suggestions (i.e., we told him we wanted a rectangular contemporary pool and he would present a drawing for a round oasis type pool)  There weres MANY lags in communication, from when we would leave Paulo voice mails or emails and the time when he would get back to us.  Paulo continually complained that email didn't work and wasn't efficient. (Seriously?  What century are you in?!!)  At the end of the month, there were "special deals" that were expiring as they wanted to pressure you in to signing.  Then Paulo would be busy and not get back to us and say "don't worry, I will take care of you as you are my special customers and I will make sure you get this deal next month."  When we got to signing, Paulo tried to pressure us into signing for a bigger pool.  We didn't want a bigger pool.  He then lowered the price on the bigger pool.  When we tried to understand why he couldn't offer the same incentives on our smaller pool design, Paulo wouldn't phone us back.  We finally had enough of this frustrating experience and looked on yelp to discover that Thunderbird Pools had 5 stars.  From the first phone call to Lisa at Thunderbird to dealing with Cohl the whole experience was different.  We wasted months with Shasta and from when we started talk to Thunderbird till we signed to move forward with the pool it was less than 2 weeks - and they love email! If you are thinking of building or renovating a pool, check out Thunderbird Pools.  You will thank me!
1	This review is for the service dept. of Shasta pools, not a store. I've never had a problem with the guys who came to do the work on my pool equipment. The problem is with the people who answer the phone. I noticed last time I called, I would be put on hold by the automated system for a long time (like maybe 10 minutes or more). The only way to get to talk to someone was to leave a message then I got a call back within minutes. I thought that was really strange. It happened twice. So I scheduled a service call. A few days before it was going to happen, I had something come up and needed to cancel. I called, again had to leave a message after being on hold to speak to a person. When the rep. looked on the schedule, she said it was never even put in the system! Too strange for me. I'm not calling them again.
1	We contracted last year with Shasta for a pool spa combo.  What a mistake!  It took 8 months from contact to finish, almost every phase of the pool construction was messed up:  deck cement installed to incorrect measurements, we had  3 trips to store for reselecting the tile types over and over due to supplier outages??? Interior pool finish messy, got white finish up 1 inch of dark grey tile grout and didn't get cleaned up very well!  Tile installed incorrectly in spa, had to be ripped off and reinstalled, new electrical lines shorting out, blew up our existing electrical breaker box on our house and had to replace the box on the house (yes seriously), we had valve issues on the pump for a month, spa draining without a reason, finally found out there was a LEAK in the bottom of the pool! Had to drain spa and patch!  8 months of hassle, zero oversight of their subs/workers and less than zero communication or note taking between employees of Shasta, subs and us the customers.   We had to drain the pool twice for fixes and all we got was 1 check for 50 bucks for all our troubles.  Shasta did fix everything but what a friken a nightmare!  Buyer beware!
1	We bought a new home recently and called Shasta and made an appointment for them to come by ,so we could get some ideas and prices. The appointment was for 9am, at 11am I called to see why they weren't here , after giving my name I was put on hold for 5 minutes. After being on hold I was asked for my phone number, which they had already and was told they would get back to me. It is now 12 o'clock and have yet to hear anything. SHASTA YOU HAVE MANAGED TO LOSE MY BUSINESS . THANKS FOR NOTHING. I will find a company who will appreciate my business and is dedicated to customer service, unlike your business.
1	Although the staff is very friendly, actually getting them to do anything is difficult at best. We had been working with them for nearly six months on the design and pricing until having to finally give up because they never once hit their own deadlines. While we've known several people who have had good experiences, we apparently were not so lucky. If you cannot keep your promises while you're quoting the business, you cannot be trusted to keep them once we've committed. You have lost our business and  any opportunity that we would ever refer you to anyone.
1	Unaware pool service was scheduled I arrive hone to fund a van parked in front of our driveways.I call out in both yards to see who is back there and no reply.I cover half the yard and call out again and finally get some sort of response.I ask the guy to either pull into the driveway or move vehicle so it's not blocking drive.  I also inquired about what he was doing to which he replies "um, and who are you?!"I am officially po'd now.'scuse me, you're trespassing and asking who I AM?!I am the home owner -NOT liking.
5	Shasta is the absolute best pool company. We were treated exceptionally well right from the time we walked in the door. They have a nice, although kind of dated, office with multiple pools to look at. The designer was extremely helpful. He built exactly what we wanted, not just what he wanted to sell. You could tell he just wanted to help us 'build our outdoor lifestyle' as he put it. Their quality of work is top notch. We even worked a fantastic deal for landscaping since they had a 50% off promotion going. We did not even know they did landscaping, so it was a welcome surprise to get everything done at one time. I would absolutely recommend Shasta.
2	I just bought a house which is in need of some minimal deck repair work. I scheduled an apt with Shashta to get a quote. I thoroughly explained how the area in need of repair is VERY MINIMAL (about 10 sqr ft). The receptionist was VERY accommodating, but once the rep came to my house he told me that Shasta has a 200 sqr foot minimum. Thanks for letting me know AFTER I left work early. I called the manger, Mike, who was very understanding at least. So if you need deck work, be sure its 200 sqr feet or more!
