5	There is a good reason the place is chock full of NFL hopefuls, Olympians, champions and national teams...when it comes to training, whether you are looking for sport-specific training or simply for overall health, Athletes' Performance has no rival. It is expensive, yes, but worth every penny. Their approach is completely integrated - they will oversee nutrition, training, psychology, and recovery in a world class facility. They are extremely scientific and very cutting edge; their staff also contributes significantly to the research community. I was fortunate enough to live in the Phoenix are for 9 months and cannot speak well enough of their staff or their programs. You'll come to improve yourself and will end up drinking the kool aid! Once you get in the swing of things it's hard to get enough of this place, and I shockingly found myself actually looking forward to arriving there before sunrise 6 days a week (ok, a bit later on Saturdays). My physical condition and overall health improved at a breakneck pace and I had a blast doing it!If you're motivated and fortunate enough to train at AP here are a few tips: Chris Brown makes the world's tastiest post-workout shake, the nutritionist Simin Levinson is a wonderful person and an excellent cook, so take her advice on kitchen matters, and if you can get your massages done by Eric Ford, do so - it will hurt but the man is a truly gifted healer.I just cannot gush enough about this place. It is worth saving up for either for yourself or for your athletic kids!
5	I went to Athletes Performance as an outside consult. They greeted me with open arms and treated me very well. The reason for my visit was to see one of their sport nutritionists. I met with Michelle on two different occasions and exchanged many e-mails with her. She took the time to evaluate my current eating habits, reviewed all my supplements and vitamins, and set up a meal plan based on my specific body type and goals. In the long run based on her recommendations I will actually end up saving money. For anyone who is curious how they can tweak or build a meal plan based on their own personal goals I highly recommend scheduling an appointment. At the time of my visit it was only $250 for the two appointments. She also offered to assist me through e-mail with any questions I have in the future. In the end I was completely satisfied with my visit to Athletes Performance, my only wish is that I could afford to actually work out there. The facilities and staff they have are simply amazing. If you have the resources you wont be disappointed. Thanks again Michelle for all your hard work, I really appreciated it and I'm on my way to meeting my goals.
5	Looking for a place to train my son to help him improve his skills in football and basketball, I stopped in at Athletes Performance.  I took a tour with Trent, and was immediately impressed! They have a great program where they train you how to work out to get the performance you want on the court/field.   They have an ice bath and a heat bath to help your muscles heal to top performance.  The facility is simply incredible!
