4	This is a teeny tiny restaurant, situated right next to the Soupe Soup on St. Viateur.  It is charming and cozy, with somewhat bizarre artwork (x-rays of monkeys?).  The menu is simple French fare -- two different types of steak, lobster sausage and duck risotto, and of course, fois gras and ris de veau.  It has an open kitchen, and dessert and wine options listed on the blackboards.  I saw one vegetarian option listed.  Definitely not a place for large groups -- when we went, it was mostly couples eating there.The service was excellent, and the food was cooked perfectly.  I had the bavette, which was very tasty, and had a bit of my husbands filet, which had hazelnuts on top -- which I didn't love, but the meat was cooked well.  Dessert was fondant au chocolat and ile flotant, both done very well.  We started with some amazing baguette from 3M bakery on Mont-Royal -- our server highly recommended visiting there for their pasteries as well, so we will.  It was about $50/person (with tax+tip) for our meal.I love this place for an intimate french dinner in our neighborhood, it was worth the money!
5	I went here with a group of 5 people for dinner on December 30th, and while it may have been a quiet night due to the holidays, this was absolutely one of my favorite food experiences. We had incredible service from our very knowledgeable waiter (Pascal?). When one of our guests asked to substitute a side, he graciously asked that she try it first as it was meant to go with the dish, and if she did not like it, he would bring her something else. A very diplomatic approach to a common situation (and she loved it). We lingered for 3.5 hours, and never felt rushed. Our waiter was also kind enough to split our check up without us even asking (even dividing a shared appetizer and a couple of bottles of wine among all of us). That would NEVER happen in NYC. I was truly impressed. Amazing service, cozy yet refined ambiance, and delicious, straightforward food. I will definitely go back next time I am in Montreal.
5	This place is VERY special. Small but intimate, effortless cool invested in the decor (ape skull x-rays hung on lightboxes on the walls, brick, industrial lampshades), and absolutely sublime food. To understood how good it is, they once opened for breakfast a few years ago and served astounding dishes, like eggs in sunflower oil/milk and curry cakes, and the place was MOBBED by patrons. The owner/chef couldn't handle the load so he went back to lunch/dinner only.I would say this place probably rotates in the top three French restos in the entire city.
5	Just sensational! Cozy place in Mile End Montreal that has everything going for it. Great ambiance, amazing dishes and excellent service. Every dish we consumed was superior. The two appetizers which were the baked endive salad and the duck risotto were beyond orgasmic. The mains, a curried red snapper and the emu special were great and the chocolate fondont dessert was wonderful as well. We eat out at home in NYC all the time and this might have been the best meal that I've eaten in years.I wish they would serve this stuff in Brooklyn. Did I mention that the duck risotto was stratospheric?
5	Absolutely fabulous place.  Quaint little bistro with a highly innovative chef and wonderful service.  From the amuse bouche all the way through dessert every dish was beautifully prepared, innovative and delicious.   This place is a gem and a wonderful discovery for my wife and I.
2	Really? You all think it is that good? An amazing local french bistro is very high on my list of "wants" for Mile End and I was excited to try this place.  The staff was indeed excellent, but I wouldn't exactly describe the cuisine as "innovative" or, for that matter, "delicious." Everything we ate was oil/butter-laden (literally congealing on my plate), over-salted, and rather uninspired. The decor is dark (think steampunk meets 12 Monkeys) and self-conscious. Maybe I was there on an off night, but I'm reluctant to drop that much money again to find out. If I do, however, I'll reconfirm...Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great restaurants to choose from, why risk it?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I eat here regularly if financially and calorically feasible.5 Star: I'm comfortable taking chefs here.
4	I was taken here by a local - it definitely meets my Yelp quality scale.  Small place - you can see the kitchen and everything that is going on.  Service  is friendly, helpful and attentive.  The menu is small, but probably something for everyone.  There were a few specials I was tempted on, but I decided to go with scallop ceviche as a starter and then the pork tenderloin as a main course.  Both dishes has exquisite presentation and a wonderful combination of flavors on the plate.  Other diners with me had the endive salad with goat cheese, which was so pretty it could have been a food magazine cover.The wine list is small and listed on a chalk-board mounted near the ceiling, but will do and the prices are reasonable for what is offered.Dessert was excellent - berries with creme and creme brulle.Overall I would come back, if not just for the meal, but also to hit up the bagel place next door.   They were SO good the next day - I see why people rave about them... I couldn't find it when driving by twice - where is the sign?
3	Not sure why this place gets such a high rating on other sites. We went there because Tripadvisor users rated it as the No. 1 restaurant in Montreal. We were quite shocked when we were presented with the food especially when how all the users rated its outstanding presentation. The presentation was very old school and not that great at all to be honest. It was more like a mess with some dressings dripped on the side. And the taste is very very average at best from the appetizers to the main courses. Any popular Montreal restaurant would beat it for taste for sure. The service is super slow too. Don't go there if you are hungry!!!
5	If you decide to go here, I'd recommend going the last night of your trip; this restaurant seta the bar for Montreal eateries and that is saying a lot.  I had braised wild boar belly and it was cooked perfectly. Their attention to the presentation was impeccable as I watched the manager meticulously placing garnishes. The wait staff was polite and friendly and attended to the six of us with genuine warmth. They have a good wine list; we had a Chablis that was excellent (which seems to be a rarity in restaurants any more). I will return to Montreal just to eat here.
5	I think it was rated number 2 restaurant in Montreal on tripadvisor. We actually went to the number one place (europea) and this place was 100 times better! Getting reservations for a Saturday night was pretty difficult, so we ended up having dinner at 9pm.The restaurant is small in a cozy not cramped kind of way and all the servers were super sweet. They have an open kitchen concept, so you can watch the chefs do their thing. I asked our server why the place is called "two monkeys of Montarvie?" I could totally be butchering this story, but he told me that the original owners were doing some kind of  motorcycle race in a village and got lost. Ever since then they were referred to as the two monkeys. The staff thought that maybe the village they got lost in was Montarvie, but apparently such a village does not seem to exist. I was in a semi delirious state when he was telling me this.. this could all be made up?The bread they brought out was warm and very fragrant. I think they sprinkled some cinnamon on it. It came with delicious whipped butter.Since I was still full, I decided to order the duck ravioli in entree (appetizer) size (4pcs)  and try to leave room for dessert. BIG MISTAKE! The raviolis were very, very thin but chewy and OH SO DELICIOUS. I can honestly say it was the best ravioli I ever had in my life. WAHHHH.. I was soooooo very sad that I didn't just order the main portion. I'm crying inside right now =*(My fiance ordered the "boar belly, braised with beer and soy, accompanied by a parsnip and cauliflower puree, and roasted almonds." This was also very delicious but not as delicious as my precious ravioli. As much as I wanted to try their desserts, we were both incredibly full and super tired. How much I'd pay.. to have that ravioli again..
5	A tiny, personal gem; while the decor is quirky, the cooking sparkles. Some bistro faves you 'd know (bavette), but some surprises like their fabulous house-made lobster sausage. A small but well-chosen and priced wine list. Expert service. The pace is slower because they assume you want to dine, not re-fuel. In response to the person who posted "his" star rating system: I *have* brought professional chefs here, and they loved it. "Cooking from the heart, and a generous one at that", said one. So I am giving it 5 stars. Only caution is: no air conditioning in summer.
5	Fantastic cuisine and service. We had an incredible experience. The food was interesting, innovative, and the flavors were well balanced. Our waitress was lovely and gave us great suggestions for bars nearby. The chefs are very humble and friendly. I would highly recommend this restaurant.
5	An excellent meal.  Almost best I've had this year.  The attention to detail that goes into each plate is amazing.  Top marks on presentation.  Top marks on building layers of flavor.
5	A true gem restaurant. The interior, ambience, food, drinks, and service are spectacular.  Really great menu with some original choices.  The bean soup is a nice hearty start. If you like duck, make sure to order it. Truly a special place for a dinner for two, but they were very accommodating when I asked for a table for 10.  Lastly I love the fact that you can see the pros working in the kitchen.
5	This is such a great find. With only seating for about 25, is has that quaint European bistro feeling that could transport you just about anywhere. Food was delicious and spot on, cooked to perfection. A creative mix of flavors and colors and a presentation that would make any chef proud. I loved the open kitchen and especially the small chalk tablets placed on each table with the name of our reservation. Portion size was generous and well worth the extra $$.
5	Jackpot. We weren't having much luck finding dinner in Montreal. One place we wanted to go to had shut down. Steak Frites was disappointing. Another restaurant we showed up to was "on vacation". So we went to Yelp and were led here.And we were blown away!Walked in without a reservation, and were lucky to be seated due to another couple not showing up. Very fancy food, but not a fancy atmosphere. And that's totally OK. There could've been white tablecloths and a hoity toity attiude, but there is none of that here. The restaurant is dark yet beautiful! Interesting art on the walls. The staff is tatted up and dressed casually. The chefs are cooking right behind you, and it is cool to watch if you walk by.Food was divine. Caramelized endive/goat cheese/mandarin salad appetizer was a perfect, refreshing way to start the meal.We both chose the pork belly entree. So many delightful flavors going on on that plate.One word: Incredible
5	This cute little restaurant is simply incredible.The food is delicious. We had the duck ravioli with foie gras and scallops ceviche with kiwi as an appetizer. Needless to say the foie gras mousse is so good that we wiped the dish with the warm bread that was brought to our table at the beginning of the dinner. Main course consisted of the famous braised pork belly and catch of the day. Don't miss the pork belly dish, it has an amazing combination of ingredients. The catch of the day was grouper served with tiny baby potatoes and bacon, bacon baby, a fish dish with bacon can't go wrong and this one was outstanding!For dessert I had the caramelized endive with goat cheese and citrus, which for my surprise is listed as an appetizer in the online menu. Appetizer or dessert the endive was great. The other choice was the chocolate mousse with cherries, my favourite! The cocktails in this resto are made with love, spicy caesar with a white pickle and old fashioned with amaretto were certainly perfect choices to kick off the dinner. The small list of wines is carefully selected, it is rare to find sauvignon blanc with so much character as the one we chose to go along  with our food. Last but not least the service is great. As the pause between the different courses was a little bit long the sweet staff brought us single dumpling as amuse-bouche to consume while waiting. I'm coming back for more and next time I'll be sitting at the bar to observe how this magic food is prepared!
5	This quaint little restaurant (only 8-10 tables) has excellent food & service.  We chose this restaurant based upon reviews from the internet, and I think it lived up to the hype.  We visited Montreal for 4 days, and this was our favorite dining experience there.  We had the chicken heart pate as an appetizer. braised pork belly, & duck ravioli.  All were excellent.  Definitely recommended!
