5	Great theater, a little older looking but its clean, the movies look and sound great and the snacks are yummy. Free refills on large drinks and popcorn. My only complaint is some of the staff are not very enthusiastic and you can tell they dont really like their jobs.. A great deal mon-thurs. its only $5 a person before 4:30 i think.
3	This theatre is very interesting. The staff is very nice and helpful, but I only can give the establishment 3 stars due to the layout, as well as the outdated decor.This theatre could use a bit of a facelift.
4	This theater is close to the UNCC campus which is great for a night out to the movies with friends. For a Regal theater this location  is very well priced with tickets only $7 (more for 3D movies). We stop at this location frequently and we always have a great time. The condition of the theater is okay, not the best type of seating and the theater tends to be sometimes cold but overall you will enjoy your experience at Starlight.
5	I am so very glad that this theater got a much needed face lift. The new seating is superb (new cozy leather electric recliners), most of the old carpet has been replaced, and instead of the usual cement floor they have added hardwood laminate. I really enjoyed my experience tonight, so much so that my husband and I paid to see 2 movies.
5	The new seats were amazing! I'd have to say they are the best seats in Charlotte. The large seats that aren't too close at SMG USED TO BE the best seats in town, but now I'm confident that Regal Starlight has the best seats. My wife and I posted pictures and my friends are liking it and asking where we were. It must be impressive to others too. I'm not sure but the audio/video quality was better too. Not sure if you actually upgraded them as well but it was a great experience.To be more specific, the seats were huge, leather, comfy, reclining seats with individual trays on all seats. They are not too close to each other, and there's ample leg room for people to walk by too. Can't ask for more when it comes to movie theater seats. How's the service? Just awesome. Love it.
5	Best theater seating ever. I love movies and I love comfort. Ever since they remodeled the seating. This theater can't be beat. All they are missing are key food choices like hot dogs. My kids beg to go here.
