1	Super slow!!! Been here 6x and they never get my order right!!! Will never come back here! I always ordered well done fries and I always get saggy fries that probably been sitting around for more than an hour. ~__~ I went to go to drive thru and the lady told me to wait 10 minutes at front parking lot 18minutes later still nothing so I decided to go drive at the drive thru. The lady told me to go back to the front and wait 10 minutes I told her I've been waiting for 18 minutes. They so slow!!! And probably not even doing their job. I own the business across the street and they always waste my time. Today, I asked for that Oreo mcflurry I think and they said "Yes" they have some so it's cool, then when I went to pay, they told me "I'm sorry we don't have some at the moment and we will refund your money and you can take the rest of your order at the 2nd window" ~__~ whoever the manager here for sure doesn't know how to manage. I hope mcdonalds pay attention to this location. They need better people inside!!!
3	Wasn't bad, after the other reviews I was worried. Food was hot, except the hash browns, and the order was right. The Carmel Frappe was really good. Sat in the Kids Place, because the other side was freezing, after wiping the table it wasn't bad. All in all, meh. Not great not awful, typical.
1	I hate coming here. I think they have new management or something because everyone who was there before isn't. They never get the order right. The drive thru has lines all the way out to the street. The place inside is disgusting. I'm surprised they've managed to keep that 'A' grade. The play place is so filthy, and it smells. I get it, it's where kids play, but shit clean it up. The girl who takes your order inside or at the drive thru has an attitude problem. The one that hands you the food has an attitude problem. Then they get mad when you ask for an extra condiment. As if it came out of their pay check. I can't wait for the other one to open up down the street. I rather make the drive. Get it together.
