5	Brand new trendy little nail spa with hair techs. 5 chair spas, 4 nail stations, 5 hair chairs, 1 wash bowl, and a waxing room. A variety of services are offered here from full service hair to nails and waxing. The staff are very friendly and make you feel welcomed. Opi products on deck along with several different gel polish products.
5	I have went to That Salon twice now and this will be the only Salon I will go to from now on. They actually take their time doing my nails and make sure that they look PERFECT before I leave. They make great conversation with you while you are sitting there and don't speak about you in a foreign language that you don't understand. Also when I went in today they gave me a Christmas gift; Places I have been going to for years never even did that. THIS PLACE IS ABSOLUTELY AWESOME AND I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND EVERYONE TO GO THERE.... GUARANTEE YOU WILL LOVE IT
2	I went into That Salon for a pedicure for the first and last time. First, let me tell you the atmosphere was great! The staff was nice and fun. The chair was very nice as well. Better than most other places I've been. The prices were good as well. Sounds all good, I know. But, the pedicure I got there was the worst, unfortunately. The tech was hurting my toes when she was doing her cutting and trimming, but I didn't tell her that. Oh, and when I sat down the water was scolding. I told her it was too hot and she somehow messed up the liner, so she had to drain all of the water an put a new liner. Then the water she put in the new liner was not warm enough. When I told her that she said she didn't like me. I'm sure she was joking and I didn't take offense to it at all because I'm a cool person, but someone else might not be as easy-going as I am; so, I'm putting this in my review because others may be offended. Again, I was not. The worst part about my pedicure was the fact I didn't get my feet exfoliated! That's the most important part for me as a man because I have dead skin on my feet, which they didn't bother to take care of. Because of this, I cannot recommend them for a pedicure.  I would prefer to go elsewhere.
5	Amazing service. Been there 3 times and every times the amazing staff makes me feel comfortable and provide excellent service. Extremely clean and great atmosphere.  Loves this place.
5	Best nail shop in Az baby the staff is super nice and friendly.. If you're looking for a place to get pampered this is the spot Lashes permanent makeup or need a wax your hair done That Salon is where its at If you want to look your best then come to the best check out That Salon
1	For $43 I got a basic manicure, a lip wax & my underarms waxed. I got slightly rude stuck up service & the place looked like crap. My nails weren't even dry before I got shuffled into literally a closet to get waxed. People kept coming in to get things while I have my shirt up showing everyone my bra. I don't ever plan on coming back here again.
2	Just called them and they told me that they will only give you three (3) days MAX to fix your nail(s) if they end up breaking or  something happens to them. Every single nail salon I've been too (about 15 this year) ALWAYS say if something happends to your nail thats not my own fault ( like slamming it in a door or letting them soak in acetone lol ) for up to ONE (1) WEEK! Even nail salons in the scarier parts of town will guarantee you at least a week! Every female that faithfully gets acrylic nails knows EXACTLY what I mean when I say,,"YOU'RE LITERALLY GAMBLING ANYTIME YOU GO TO A NEW NAIL SALON !!" The fact they only give you 3 days worries me. There's PLENTY of cheaper places you can go to that guarantee you ONE week! Pretty much any other salon. Save your time and money and go someplace else.
1	Very bad salon bad attitude they make customer wait for so long. I just needed a design on my nail they made me wait for an hour I don't recommend it at all.
