5	This location has been a Middle Eastern place for years, but it reopened with a new name and owners a month ago. It is now owned and managed by the same family that used to run Boustan on Crescent Street. The food is excellent, prices are reasonable, service is friendly, and the atmosphere is a bit more elegant than the old Boustan location.
4	You have to go to this new place!!! Delicious food,great service, very good ambiance and very clean! The owner knows what he's doing. Everything is fresh. Suggestion: the kibe!!! Once you try it, you will want it again!
5	Delicious. We had the Shawarma which tasted really refreshing and had a nice light sauce. The Kibe is a must have and the dude who owns the place is awesome and super friendly. He said he's been open three months, and I'd say he's off to a great start. We hope to stop back in at least one more time before we leave.
4	Very good food, I was actually really surprised. There are so many Lebanese restaurants in Montreal but most are sub-par. The salads were fresh and tasty, lots of garlic potatoes and the chicken shawarma was very meaty, flavorful and pleasantly crispy.If it were 3/4th's of the price it is now, it would be an amazing value and one of my favorite cheap eats in the area. Unfortunately a platter is over $11 with tax and a bit overpriced in my opinion for the amount of meat you get.
4	I'm so happy with the food and service here. The food was pretty good, I'm an Indian so I prefer it to be a little more zesty but I guess if you're looking to be healthy, it's a great choice. What I really love are the people here. They're fun and they're young and they do what they do with a lot of passion. I recommend the falafel platter or the falafel pita with lots of garlic potatoes and his homemade hot sauce.
4	Really great place! Free delivery, fast, affordable and tasty :) great find. Potatoes were not amazing...but the panini was and the garlic sauce for the potatoes themselves.
4	We stumbled across this corner cafe during a late afternoon shopping spree.  It was too early for dinner but the smells were enticing and drew us in.  We decided to have a snack and it hit the spot.  I got the dolmas stuffed grape leaves and my friend chose the tabbouleh, which was terrific and refreshing.  The owner, Jamal, was engaging and fun with lots of energy and a charismatic personality.  He made sure to let us know he'd deliver something to our hotel room later if we wanted something more.Dahlia's is definitely worth checking out.
5	Excellent and inexpensive food.  The kibbee was fantastic and the people were incredibly friendly. It is definitely on my "do over" list!
4	Called in for a delivery and the guy on the phone was pretty cool and friendly. I ordered a chicken shawarma platter with a cappucino, and wasn't sure what appetizer to get. Asked the guy for a recommendation and he said get the kibbee. The food came not too long after. I was staying at the Hilton Garden Inn on Rue Sherbrooke Ouest, so it was pretty close. It was cash only, and I thought I could use my card, so I had to run next door to the Holiday Inn and use their ATM right quick. The shawarma tasted great, came with salad, rice, hummus, pita bread. I did notice I didn't get a receipt, so I rang up the place again and asked if I could get a copy. The guy was pretty nice and said he'd bring it to me when they went out on their next delivery. Overall it was great service and the food was pretty legit. Would recommend this place!
5	Great food, very nice people. The owner prepared our food himself and was very accommodating. It was delicious! The atmosphere is inviting and comfortable. Definitely check it out!!
4	I used to work across the street and I can say that this placed was loved by all our staff. The guys who run it are way friendly and the food is something they really take to heart. Delicious, well priced and top notch service.
4	One of my new favourite shawarma places (and places I get most excited for when visiting Montreal).  The shawarma meat is very well seasoned and tender.  They get it absolutely spot on.  The sides are quite good too.  We came here once with a large group and the owner came out and greeted us and gave us complimentary dates, which was very nice.Don't know if it was an accident, but the last time I went, there was very little meat on my plate, which was a disappointment.
4	This is the only clean Lebanese restaurant in the Downtown area. Their food is pretty good compared to other fast food Mediterranean restaurant in the area. Price wise is also within range. Shawarma and Tabbouleh are my favorites there. I tried the falafel but did not really like it. Being a Japanese, I am not sure how a good falafel taste. Overall, I left there satisfied.
4	Nice employees, my wife and I treated it like a salad bar.  Ended up a little more expensive than I expected so I appreciated the check-in yelp coupon.  Next time I am in the neighborhood I'll try the meat.
2	Of all the fabulous Middle Eastern meals I had in Montreal, this one stands out as decidedly underwhelming. The line moved quickly and there was plenty of seating, but the food was just not impressive. I ordered the falafel platter with two salads and hummus. The falafel was really dry and bland; it lacked the telltale green hue and bright flavor of the freshly-made, herb-laden patties I'm used to. The cabbage salad was pretty good, but the fattoush was the most disappointing: it had clearly been dressed earlier in the day, so although the flavor was nice, the lettuce and pita were limp and unappetizing. The hummus was pretty average, too, not as lemony and smooth as I like.The counter staff was pleasant and the prices a little high (though probably average for that part of town.) Still, with so many better Middle Eastern restaurants in the city, I'd pass on this one.
4	Service is outstanding. Super friendly guy, good sized portions and he is not a stickler for the little extras. I had the felafels and three salads. All round good.If you like Lebanese food and you are in the area you can't go wrong.I will go back next time I am in the area (which will be soon since House of Jazz is round the corner).
5	Clean and super friendly!Hummus and salads were great.Chicken wasn't the most dynamic, but still tasty.  I felt like I ate heathy-ish and left full.  Go!
5	If you are in the mood for a shawarma or shish taouk look no further than this resto. Food is amazing, best garlic sauce in the city. Service is friendly, you get treated like family. The resto itself is clean and has plenty of tables. I love this place so much, I sometimes just pop in to say hi!  I don't think I will ever stop coming here for my shawarma cravings!
