3	Definitely not the best Japanese place in Edinburgh & certainly not the place to visit if you've never had sushi before. Good service & no complaints about portion sizes or pricing but the fact that you cannot order nigris, sashimi etc. in ones & twos (as you can in pretty much every other sushi place I've been to) but instead on platters, makes the whole experience less fun. On the night I was there the tuna sashimi, whilst being in larger bits than I've had perviously, was rather pinker than I've come to expect so that also raised the odd doubt. Can't comment on the Korean angle.
5	This Japanese resturant is one of the very best I have ever been to! First impressions I was a little disappointed with the size of the venue (although there is a large dining area upstairs - I didn't notice initially) but once we sat down and went through the vast menu we thought we would give it a go. When the food arrived I was so glad that we stayed because the meal was superb! If you are looking for a Japanese resturant in Edinburgh then look no further. Staff are lovely and the price is more than reasonable for a meal of this quality.
5	Being surrounded by historical buildings, grave yards and statues of small dogs - Tang's Japanese Restaurant seems some what out of place here.Split across two levels, with a small bar and eating area downstairs and large dining area upstairs - Tang's is perfect for large groups who revel in the complicated tastes of Japanese food. While the restaurants primary focus is on food made for sharing, there is plenty for smaller parties - both hot and cold food, and safe favourites to adventurous dishes prepared freshly. The Miso was splended, and looking around other dishes that were flying out of the kitchen also looked lovely.The atmoshpere was relaxed and comfortable, but somewhat quiet.However, while the waiting staff are usually excellent, busier times lead to slower service - although this is to be expected.  Prices are also slightly on the expensive side.Despite this however, Tang's is heading into its second year, and shows no sign of slowing up.
4	It's getting a bit worrying to see Japanese restaurants slowly drift in the same direction as their Chinese counterparts, with almost identical menus, and a dumbed down version of the cuisine that bears little resemblance to what you'd find in the Land of the Rising Sun.I won't try and pretend that Tang's is a diamond in the rough in these respects. The fairly small menu contains no surprises, and is heavily adapted to suit our drab Western tastebuds. It did however, provide me with one of the tastiest, most well presented Katsu curries I've had in ages, where in an almost supernatural manner, the breadcrumbs stayed crunchy even when drowned in the sauce.E-Bot's bento box wasn't bad either, though truth be told could better be described as "good fun" than "top notch meal". and the guy who served us was exceptionally nice and charmingly seemed quite embarrassed when I offered a tip.Not mind-blowing, but a great little place for a meal.
4	I didn't really know too much about Japanese food - I mainly thought it was sushi and that's it. I was wrong!!This is a lovely place, as Jonathan M has said its location is beautiful (if a bit odd). The restaurant is really well decorated and laid out, I came here for a birthday party with about 40 people and we all fit in nicely.I'm not sure if the quality of the food was high as I am a total Japanese food novice, but it tasted good to me. If there was one thing, I did find the portion sizes a bit small, but then again everything is small in Japan.
2	Pretty good salmon. Reasonable tuna and yellowtail but nothing special. The service today was an understaffed disaster. There was only one waiter, who could not keep up with the orders and was also servingt as busboy, so tables as they departed were not cleared. It was really a disaster.Perhaps on another occasion the services would have been better and if so I would have awarded a third star.
1	Perhaps Japanese food is not so popular here because that could be the only explanation for the positive reviews for Tang's on Yelp.I feel badly giving it such a bad rating but if you are a seasoned consumer of Japanese fare, Tang's will be horribly disappointing and overpriced. The sushi was the most pedestrian I have ever tried and the prices were comparable with upscale sashimi joints in the states. There were no creative house rolls and the maki roles we ate were tiny and pricey. For entrees, we ordered curry chicken katsu, chicken teriyaki and black cod. The chicken katsu was soggy and buried in a very bland curry sauce. My sister's chicken teriyaki was entirely dark meat and every single piece was fatty. She ended up eating only the white rice. My cod didn't taste terrible but it was literally the smallest piece of fish I have ever been served as an entree. And I'm not one of those Americans who loves huge portions... this just happened to be comical. Charging 12.50 for a tiny, thin piece of fish felt like I was being robbed. They were also very understaffed. The only 2 women working had to climb up to the third floor for every dish. However, they handled the high customer volume like champs. Stick to what Scotland does best... Pub grub and Indian food.
2	I randomly passed Tang's one evening and decided to pop in for dinner.  I didn't have high hopes for a place with a Chinese name serving Japanese food, but once inside, I was pleasantly surprised that the interior was pleasant and attractive.  The menu looked okay, so I decided to order green tea, pork gyoza, and chirashizushi (sashimi on rice).  The food tasted good, but I thought it seemed to take a very long time for the food to actually come out and, in the end, I thought it was pretty overpriced for what I got.  I'm not sure if good Japanese food is hard to find in Edinburgh, but coming from California, I would normally pay half the amount for what I got at Tang's.  I'd normally say skip Tang's, but if you've got a craving for Japanese food and you don't care about the price, it's a nice place.One thing I thought was funny is that Tang's is directly across the street from the Guiness Book of World Record's most pierced person's shop (Elaine Davidson).  I saw her close up her shop for the night and it was the most exciting (and frightening) thing I'd seen in ages.
3	Sushi........ yes please!!!I liked Tang's, the sushi was very tasty! I had salmon maki, Mackerel Nigiri and a Tuna sushi that was dipped in Tempura then fried - WOW!!!! It was one of the specials, and it was delish!  Something I have never seen or heard of being done before and I would go back just for that!I have been to several sushi bars, and the menu here was a little smaller than what I had expected. BUT there is something to suit everyone. They have several specials for the day, and a lunch deal aswell. My only qualms with Tang's were that it is maybe a little small. The waiter, yes, lovely as he was, seemed quite shy and uneasy when you asked questions, he didn't seem to know any more than we did about the food he was serving. I also did not like that all the food did not come at the same time. Granted they did tell us that some was ready and some not. But I still did not like sitting eating whilst Jenny had no plate in front of her.
4	Wandered into this restaurant between shows at the festival. I had no idea it existed! The staff were lovely, very friendly and full of recommendations. The sushi selection is a little basic and a little expensive - but what they do have is delicious. There is something to be said for a small menu done very well. I would certainly return if in the area.Try the cold house sake - fantastic.
4	A morning's work on The Mound left my colleagues and me feeling a little peckish. One of the others had found Tangs and suggested we make our way along to Candlemaker Row. Died Cola for three and a lunch time special of Tang's Gozen each proved a satisfying repast. We moved on to Green Tea Creme Brulle and my colleagues had coffee while I sipped Jasmine Tea. The service was friendly and efficient. We would return!
4	My wife is crazy about Japanese food and sushi (although depressed about the quality of offerings she has found in Edinburgh) and so we hopped into Tang's to test out another place on the list. We just wanted a quick meal as we had an appointment, but nearly ran out of time as the restaurant owner/waiter ran up and down the three flights of stairs in order to serve the food to customers.Although Chinese owned like most (all?) of the sushi places in Edinburgh, the chefs are Japanese and you can tell this by the quality of food on offer, which I found one of my more pleasant sushi experiences in Edinburgh. Not world class by any stretch of the imagination, but definitely recommended.
4	I know very little about Japanase food, but I do know that this place is vegan friendly, and that they don't use any MSG, so they deserve a mention for those features alone.It's also super handy if you're visiting the National Gallery as it's directly opposite from it, just down from the Greyfriars Bobby statue.We visited this week, and, while they didn't have any items on the menu that indicated they were vegan, the owner explained that one of his chefs is vegan, and that he would make me a dish that was definitely vegan. Vegan chef = big result!I had a variation on the lunchtime special, which was a savoury pancake made from rice noodles, and some miso soup. It was lovely, and I'd go back again to see what else they came up with. The owner said that if he had more vegan customers, he would put on a special section of the menu. He's keen to make use of the skills of the vegan chef. So vegans - get going!And for all you meat eaters out there, my boyfriend had the lunchtime special, which was full of various meats - and, in his expert opinion, was 'very nice'.
5	Simply the best ramen in Scotland, chasu ramen all the way.
1	No star for the food, give the cute waiters a star
5	Hey there friendship, long time no see.This right here is my favourite date-night restaurant with La Chels (not, in fact, a cuisine). Because it's so romantic, right? Because it's got little candles on the table and a violinist being screechy next to your ear? Nope: it has cold dead fish. And that happens to be just how I like it.Now gather 'round kids, I'm picky about my sushi. Having lived in California and having had the pleasure of dining on sashimi hanging from palm-trees, I'm forever lusting after it. So, when the cravings reach such a level that even five minutes of gentle weeping into my Special Meditation Pillow didn't help: I haul ass to Tang.Oh, wow, yes, please, MOAR. It's expensive, yes, but that's sushi for you, at least here in the UK. And I'd rather pay through the nose for some quality cold dead fish, than having to dodge a slimy piece of salmon at Bonsai (review pending, buckle your seatbelts.)Look, sushi is all about ingredients, you can't hide anything when you've got raw fish, a little vinegar and rice to present. Tang understands this thank the unholy spaghetti-monster that it does. Just thinking about their salmon sushi makes my eyes glaze over ever so slightly. The atmosphere is lovely, I never feel rushed, the waiting staff is polite and doesn't hover (when I'm playing at being a vacuum with my freshly prepared plate of sushi I'd rather not have anyone stare at me with judgy little eyes, thank you) and the prices, though pretty high, are understandable for the quality you get here. I love Tang. I'm going to climb Arthur's Seat and gently hum my appreciation in their direction, that's how much I love Tang. Then I'm going to pick up the phone and make a reservation.
3	My boyfriend dragged me into this restaurant with the promise that Japanese food wasn't all about fish. He was right! I actually thought at least half of the menu involved duck, chicken and beef. I had plenty to choose from and if we'd had more time I would have suggested a banquet of small things to share and experience. The soy paper veg sushi sounded intriguing. As it turned out we only had about 45 mins before our 'late night at the museum' started and they were more than happy to speed things up for us. I opted for chicken teriyaki which was delicious. It had a barbecued flame grilled flavour. Sweet but not overpoweringly so. I ate the majority of it and didn't feel overly full. The pork dumpling we shared were very tasty also.The only annoyance was the shoogly table Something I thought I'd never say about a Japanese restaurant - Would go back! :)
4	Simple review from me. I too lived in Japan previously, my wife is Japanese and we both agreed that this is a really great ramen experience. Gyoza were also very good. Price-wise a little on the high side for ramen but it was as authentic as I am yet to taste in my two years back in London. So good we went there twice (in two days!).
2	I went with a friend who wanted to try Japanese cuisine.  After having travelled extensively in Japan and been to Japanese restaurants in many countries I have been to and my verdict on this one was as follows:Started off with sushi Chef's Choice - it was ok nothing to shout about but surprised we had to pay extra for ginger with the sashimi - never seen this before.My friend had a bento box with Pork Teriyaki which was ok, pork was nice as was the Miso soup.To my great misfortune I had the Ramen which lack any form of flavour, noodles were not fresh over cooked, the broth was not very hot and toppings where served cold which meant that the broth got even colder.  Seaweed was too sweet lacking any flavour and bamboo shoots tasted like ones out of a tin.  The egg yolk was detached from the white which was weird as it was all googy rather than runny. Told the waitress that the broth was cold and her reaction was the best by saying "That Cannot be", took the soup away to be given the same one and told that's how we serve it and if they had to do another one it would be the same given toppings are cold. Overall very disappointing.Will definitely not go again for their Ramen but might pop over again to try another rice dish given the lack of Japanese Restaurants in Edinburgh.Choice of Sake was very poor.
4	Great Japanese food at a great price! What I really like about this place is that it actually tastes like food tastes in Japan, which sometimes can be hard to find outside of Japan! All in all a fine place for a quick bite.
4	Very authentic Japanese food. I have not had food like this since I visited Japan. The service was also good and the atmosphere was very nice.
1	Worst experience. I asked how the pad Thai was because I was craving it and the girl said people really like it it's so popular. I was like ok sure how bad could it be. It was so bad it was sour and had some sort of leak in it and just was inedible the noodles were rubbery so so bad. I told her it was bad and she was like ok and gave me the bill didn't offer anything else and added a 70 p change because I used a card. Really rude about the whole thing and it left me hungry. Don't eat here.
4	Had gyoza, ramen, a very nice azuki mochi dessert, with a pot of well-brewed genmaicha. The food was good, the place is cozy, the staff friendly. What else can a hungry traveler ask for?
5	I dream about Tang's vegetarian bento box. It's so pretty, it's so tasty, and it's more than filling. It's one of my favorite lunch options in all of Old Town. They do other things well, too - especially the gyoza and the seaweed salad - but I can't not order the bento box. Service is always friendly and reasonably fast.
3	We had been out and about doing some shopping when lunch crept up on us. My daughter likes to say hi to Bobby (the dog statue) whenever she gets the chance so we decided to pop into Tangs which is right behind this grand statue. The place looks small but has an upstairs area, plenty of seating. Very relaxing environment. The menu is a bit confusing and the items are quite expensive unless you opt for the lunch menu which consists of ramen soups that all look quite similar and not too appetising, in my eyes. My partner got the lunch ramen bowl which had a very tasty broth but literally had 2 super thin slices of pork lunch meat. I got a mish- mash of items to share with my daughter. She ate well but overall quite an expensive meal for not so outstanding flavours or food. In general I would say pretty run of the mill Japanese. Not really that special but will do the job if you are willing to part with a handful of cash.
