3	Family is in town for Thanksgiving and finally 99% of my cousins are 21 and over which means... PARTY!!!  I had so many ideas of where to take them but didn't want to spend too much money.  All I know is that I didn't want to go to any clubs last night, I wasn't feeling that scene.  I considered a spot where there was live band but I have yet to find one where I'm confident to take people to.  A light bulb tinged above my head and I had an idea that a lounge with music was going to work for us.  There were a total of 10 in our group so I had to be quick with a spot for everyone to meet at.Luckily, my old clubbing partner suggested a new spot called EyeCandy Sound Lounge at Mandalay Bay.  I figured why not?  So, after long hours of getting ready, we finally jetted off to Mandalay Bay.  To get there from the parking lot you have to pass Rumjungle and a bar.  It's in the middle of the Casino so you really can't miss it.  Once you walk in, you'll notice the use of different color lighting in each section of the Lounge.  You wouldn't think that the different color lighting would actually work but it definitely gave a warm feeling and comfortable feeling to the whole scene.By the time we got there it wasn't crowded so that was a good thing coz that means more seats for us.  Because of the amount of people that were in our group we had to join two tables together and add more chairs since the set up was for 4-5 people per table.  By the end of it all, there were a total of 14 people in our party.  It was good they weren't so strict about us redecorating a section.  There were two sections to the Lounge, one was the lounge area and the second was the dance floor.  So, if you're bored with who ever you're talking to you can get up and just shake it off.  The dance floor was a good amount of space but the people that were there were a little older crowd.  So if you're 21 and you're looking for a young crowd.  This isn't the place to go.  But for my age group of being late 20's and early 30's, it's a good spot.  Music was a variety of 80's, 90's and 2000's and  was just set at a perfect volume that my party had the opportunity to talk to one another and carry a conversation while drinking.  Speaking of which, drinks were easy to order as our host was prompt with serving us.  Sucky thing is that she wasn't an eyecandy.  She was not very attractive and I had wish our server was a little bit more desirable to look at.  Drinks were an average of $14.  For that price it better be good.  I ordered a Passion-Ginger Mojito and oh my gosh!  It was the best Mojito I've ever had in my life.  It kinda tasted like this Philippino drink called Calamansi Juice.  I could go through that drink if I wasn't careful.  My cousin decided to get a Honey Blossom which was served in a Martini glass.  All I know is they hooked it up with all the alcohol.  It's a very strong drink and good for those that want to get a quick buzz.  Another drink I tasted was their signature drink called "Eye Candy".  It's a drink that is served in a tall glass garnished with berries and sprinkled with white powdered sugar.  It had a refreshing taste of berries which for most girls would be an awesome drink to order.  The rest of the time we ordered shots.  We came to realize how expensive drinks were.It's definitely a club I had a lot of fun in but I think all the props go to the people I was with.  If I had to go with one other person, I probably would not have as much fun and would just be bored.  I definitely would not be comfortable coming here by myself.  This is why I gave it 3 stars.  It was only fun if you're with a big party.  But then again, isn't that the whole concept of "The more the merrier" to where ever you go?
4	This was my favorite place during our recent trip to Vegas.  The music was great, the crowd was a sight to see, and there was no line or no cover.  You just walk into the lounge, and there you are.. transformed and transported into another time and place!  They have a cage you can go up and dance in.  The lights and sounds are wild and keep your attention. We saw a pimp.. a real live pimp... complete with a fur coat!  That's Vegas for you!  Drinks were strong, and it was just a comfortable, rocking place to head back to in between other events during the weekend.  It's the place you can stop by and sit for a few drinks on the couches before a show or another stop, or you can start the night off with some dancing if you choose.  It's fancy, but the crowd seemed pretty diverse, so almost anything would be appropriate.  I will be back on my next Vegas expedition.
4	This is such a great concept. Kind of sad we went when NO ONE was there, but it was really nice place to grab a drink. Best thing...NO COVER! It's in the middle of the casino. There is a live DJ mixing it up. I really liked the way the whole area was decorated. The dance floor is lighted, since no one was there we realized that the floor lights up based on the weight of the dancers and lights up special when you stnad over the different boxes. My favorite thing to do after I'm done dancing the night away? Get a Malibu and pineapple and sit in a big comfy couch. There were a ton of couches that you didn't have to reserve! Big plus! If you don't feel like paying the cover for foundation room or you've hit rum jungle one too many times, this is a nice cool spot. Definitely going again!
3	Random casino lounge attracts hotties.Eyecandy is remarkably popular especially late night on a weekend.  I don't know if it's just a rendezvous point or what, but there's always a ton of hot people just milling about.  It's located right in the middle of the Mandalay Bay casino floor.  A DJ plays the hits of the day.  The sound system is remarkably good, considering the sound just kinda goes everywhere.  (You're not in a room or anything.)  The problem with this place is since there's so many people, it takes forever to get a drink, which I'm sure are ridiculously priced.  I guess if you're going to Rum Jungle or somewhere else at Mandy, this is a good place to start or end the night.  I only give it 3 stars because in the end it's just some casino floor bar that plays loud music.
4	Cute little bar in the middle of the Mandalay hotel. They have a small dance floor which was being taken over by come corporate convention types, funny to watch though. My party of four secured a pod which is a circular sofa surrounded by fabric for more privacy. We had great table service and I think they are referring to the waitresses when they mention eye candy. Had one of their signatur drinks called pure joy, made with a rasperry puree, very yummy! Also enjoyed a couple of chocolate cake shots. Not the hottest bar around, but great place to meet up with friends to start the evening. Drinks run about $11 each so a little pricey, I know out tab went very high after about 4 rounds of drinks.
2	Totally false advertising - one thing they conveniently forget to mention on their site is that only four (I believe that's how many I counted) of the approximately 80 tables are interactive touch with sound system.So unless you reserve and buy table service for one of those, it's just another, slightly above average hotel lounge.I would have given it only one star if it wasn't for the cocktail (the Anti-Oxidant was really  yummy) and very friendly service.
4	Good music, dj and crowd.  Reasonable drink prices and good service. This place is easily accessible from Mandalay Bay's lobby and it's very high tech feel - with huge projector screen showing animations, and private booths and interactive dancefloor.  The people there are very chic and easy going - looks like everyone is there for fun and enjoying the music.  It's a nice little oasis in the middle of the casino.
2	Dude...such a deceiving name for this place...I didn't see one bit of "eye candy" here. However, there were a ton of "eye lemons," "eye cougars," "eye hippos," "eye splinters," and "eye want-to-get-the-eff-outta-here's."$12 for a cranberry vodka that contained nothing but ice? Cramped bar areas filled with drunk patrons? Lame 80s music being mixed together to please all the old folks?Eye pass.
2	It's a NICE center bar, but it's still just a center bar.  My friends and I have been here quite a few times, and it's great that there's no cover for a spot that seems very loungy, but the drinks are ridiculously overpriced.  I paid $12 for a Crown Royal & coke, which is more than I paid for the same cocktail at one of Mandalay Bay's clubs.  Pass.
1	This is the place where all the rejects go when they can't get into a real club.  I can see why they couldn't get in....because it is not 1980 anymore...although the DJ is still in channeling this decade as well.  Left this place in a shot and headed to Red Square to end our night.
2	Whoaaaaa It's a bar in the middle of a casino....WOW...Ya. Wow....Uhm I can bring an ipod and be my own dj. Ya I can bring my collection of....Kelis, and Pet Shop Boys, Flock of Seagulls, and Yanni. Then I'd get all the girls. Because I can buy them all drinks in the middle of a casino, and jam to my dope sounds....in the middle of a casino.....and maybe get bottle service....in the middle of a casino....I can get game in the middle of a casino...Ya actually it's nice. For being a bar in the middle of a casino. One of my friend's used to bartend there....and ya. It's ok - I guess I can stop there for a drink....and pay 12-14 dollars instead of putting a 20 in a slot machine and waiting for a cocktail server....
1	I was not very impressed with the drinks, the crowd or the vibe at this hip bar/lounge smack dab in the middle of the Mandalay Bay Casino.  I was surprised to see an older crown (mid 30's to 40's) dominate the scene, I guess that is my fault for showing up on a Thursday.  But come on, where I'm from or where I have lived in the past Thursdays are our raging nights ( so is Friday, Saturday, Sunday Funday, Monday, Tuesday, Hump Day you get the gist...).  You would think this place would be some what classy, not very much.  I didn't even wear my going out gear, all I wanted was a nice cocktail or 2 and spend time with my Mom after our drive from Denver.  Stratosphere had no bars to offer us so we jumped in a cab and hitched a ride to Mandalay.  I would have rather had cocktails sent up to us by room service.  The other classy looking bar near the entrance was closed.  We ordered 2 drinks, my Mom was looking for a decent Cab they offered her BV.  BV?  Are they serious?  That was $15 and my Greyhound Up was $15 as well.  After tip we were down $40.  Ha.  At least my mom won$200 from the dollar slots.  I never get those machines.
5	It's just so easy to have fun with friends here. good drinks and places to sit when your feet hurt like crazy from shaking it all night.
5	This place was so fun! No cover charge, no attitudes, just a good time. The floor lights up when you dance on it and the people there are there to have a good time. I enjoyed it and not to mention the VIP hook up from one of the dudes there since it was my 21st birthday. Good place to chill and have a fun time!
4	If you're stuck in Mandalay, sorry Rum Jungle and House of Blues ain't as cool as it used to be, so make way over to Eye Candy. Free admission, no lines, and plenty of room to roam or wallflower. It's a good spot if you want to chill and getaway from long lines and hefty entrance fees.
5	I'm surprised to see some bad reviews, because I honestly loved Eye Candy. The setup and decor is great, and there's no crazy bouncers hassling you. There is pretty much a bar, a decent sized dance floor, and couches/seating area all around the perimeter for lounging. Even though the crowd isn't necessarily the best, it's definitely a good time here.After getting sick and tired of being inside Tao, which was RIDICULOUSLY crowded that night, a few of us decided to go back to the hotel, since we were staying at Mandalay Bay. My feet were dying so I changed into flats, leggings, and a mini dress and went out to Eye Candy.We were so happy and surprised that the music was banging here. Every song was a hit and a great song to club to. LIke I mentioned before, the crowd is a bit off here, but what I loved about the crowd at the same time is that everyone was so chill and everyone was there to truly have a great time. No bitches and dicks staring you down. Everyone is just dancing, laughing, and having a fun time.Also, they definitely do not skimp on your drinks here. Although shots of henn & patron cost me $12 each, every single shot was a double shot.I would definitely recommend Eye Candy as a place to either start or end your night. I was here from about 2AM-4AM dancing my ass off cause I finally went somewhere with enough room to move.bottom line: no cover. awesome bartenders. friendly bouncers. and no attitude or people staring you down.however, if you're more into the glitzy, glam, pretentious atmosphere of usual Vegas clubs, this isn't the place for you. upscale lounge with a very laid back attitude and crowd.
4	This is a really nice place to hang out. There are lots of comfy places to sit and an expensive bar to spend a bunch of money at. The couches are separated enough from the dance floor that you don't feel like you have to dance if you don't want to. The lounge is very open to the rest of the casino, just to remind you that you're in Las Vegas and to urge you to gamble more money! Just take a few steps outside some boundary and you can smoke 'cause you'll be on the casino floor. Yay.
3	I came here on a Monday night, so it was pretty dead, but good for our group of 10 people.  It is interesting that it is a bar with a dance floor, and I can imagine it would be pretty hopping on the weekends since there is no cover.  Drinks definitely are pricey inside, and the main complaint with our group (which would be good for other people) is that they do not allow smoking inside.But pretty standard fare when it comes to one of these kinds of bar/lounges.
3	Eye Candy reminds me a lot of the old Whiskey Sky Bar at Green Valley Ranch.  There's no cover,  a decent-sized dance floor and lots of seating to lounge on.  I wouldn't say it's a place to chill for the whole night but definitely a great starting point.
3	A fine place, as all the other reviewers rightfully mentioned... starting point or crashing pad.  Not inbetween.  The scene would be whack.  Beat... whatever.It is a lounge bar; In a casino.  Better than the counter bar around the corner with all the football.  But the bar around the corner has guys that know you *need* a drink, and get's it to you.  These barkeeps flair too much, and it takes too long to get a drink.
4	My main reason I will be back.... the MOJITOSDamn I should've taken the bartender's name but he worked the bar next to dance floor and had a arm tattoo(don't know if that will help). Well he made my mojito sweet enough that I had 5 of them. Sadly they were 14 dollars a pop so I drank most of my gambling money away...Another reason I will be back? NO Cover(Rum Jungle charges 20 bucks for guys, ladies Free and it was dead that night, that's why we ended up at Eye Candy)... plus the GOOD music..they play the music video to the song they're playing and it mixes in automatically to the next song etc..I just LOVE watching those..gives me something else to watch, while I get my buzz on, besides watching the skanky girls try to shake their thang.A side note..since they don't card when you walk in, our 20 year old friend was able to get in and all we did was just bring him the drinks since they card you when you order your drinks at the bar. I'll be back in March Eye Candy....hope my bartender is there...
3	Smack dab in the middle of the casino floor, Eye Candy is a great refuge from the ringing of the slot machines and the sobs of the newly destitute.We hit up the bar at the end of a long night for one last drink and a little winding down time.  Dance floor was pretty full and the music (and music videos) that were playing were pretty awesome.  Some throwback 80s and 90s stuff.It was great for about 45 minutes, but not exactly the place to be.  I'd agree with others.  Take a break here...end your night here...but don't plan on spending the whole time here.
3	This place is cool, but it pales in comparison to the Foundation Room, which sits at the top of the same hotel.  The music here was okay and the atmosphere here is kinda cool, but get yourself on the list for the Foundation Room to check out the cool club at Mandalay Bay.
4	Per the reviews I put this place in our list of lounges to check out.  We found it with out a problem.  Just like others have said smack dab in the middle of the casino floor.  It was great to start off there for our night.  The dance floor had plenty of room and great mix of music playing.  The crowd was a fun one.   The big screens with the music video were pretty cool.  If you are in the dancing mood cause your not quite too ready to blow your money or if after you've blown your money and need to dance to forget about it.  I recommend stopping by Eye Candy.
4	hung out here earlier in the day, just taking a break from walking around, sightseeing, slot playing. cool, mellow, strong drinks!later ended up here post after-hours at forty deuce. packed, great music, accompanied by videos, good dancing vibes...and free!
3	Good spot to lounge and watch some games with drinks, but not a destination spot, per se. I'd either start the night or take a break here.Good 2-for-1 happy hour special.
4	There are a few things I need in life to be happy - in no particular order:-good friends-sugar free red bull with a straw-moderately slutty dress and heels-fake eyelashes-opportunity to meet new friends-bottle service-hearing poison by Bell Biv Devoe at least once during the nightEye Candy provided all of the above.  And our under 21 homey got a chance to hang with the big kids.  We had a great time - BUT - this crew would have made a trip to the dentist fun.
3	I went to Eye Candy on a Saturday night. The original plan was actually to go up to Mix on top of Mandalay Bay, but I wasn't feeling very good that night because I partied a little too hard the nights previous which was my own fault. So we decided to go to Eye Candy since there was no cover which was good because of my uncertain status on whether I was going to stay out or not.The bar is sorta smack middle of the casino so you can't really miss it and it seems to have a decent amount of people. We get a little booth in the corner and my buddies start ordering drinks and I just get a water and take some medicine. The lounge itself is a couple few stair steps above the casino floor and is basically one big square.. It's dark and the DJ is mixing music videos - YES! Music videos! Very original idea. There's a huge screen where everyone can watch it. The videos were cool and there was a nice decent mix of different genres he was playing. I started feeling better in a bit and finally started getting into it. But the place got boring real quick.I was a bit turned off by the crowd. I mean.. I didn't expect a beautiful crowd like I did in most clubs. This place didn't have a dress code or anything, but it had sort of a trashy feeling to it.  I even thought a few of the girls hanging out there were hookers. I could be wrong. But hey.. Don't be surprised.. they're all over the place in Vegas.Great idea, decent decor... But overall, it was just kinda blah... If you come with a good group, it might be a good socializing spot for an hour or so.. But then it's time to move on..
4	I like this place. Smack dab in the center of the Mandalay Bay casino. Good music and good looking waitresses.  Love the atmosphere and the couches are chill.  Good place to go for that last blast at the end of the night.My only gripe it the cost of drinks.  Dang it's expensive!  $10 for a small jack and coke. Wha???  At least stiffin it up or make them damn glasses bigger. Gaaa!So nurse a drink for a good while and get funky on the dance floor.  Or just chill, drink and smoke while watching the videos the DJ mixes on the huge big screen.Good times!
3	Eye Candy? More like Pink Eye.  3 Stars, but only because I got carded by a waitress while I was dancing. Considering I'm almost 30, this made me very happy.
3	Good bar to stop at if you're staying @ Mandalay.  It's right in the middle of the casino. They had drink specials ($3 pacifico beers, $4 Jack & Coke) but to my chagrin they were all out of pacifico. Well, then don't advertise it!  The music is mediocre, your basic top 40/hip hop standbys.  I wouldn't spend an entire night there but it's fun to start at, or finish at.
3	Drinks was alright. Lots of areas to sit in. Love the atmosphere but hate the DJs. They can't spin crap so I end up leaving the place earlier than I plan to.
3	I didn't get to dance there, but my friends raved about it... given it's cover free and there's high tech lighting all around... I think I'd visit it again next time I am in town for a fun night out..
5	Waaaaa! I can't believe this place has 3.5 stars. I read some reviews and I have to correct some people and point out a few things.1. Drinks anywhere on the strip are expensive and start at $122. They do allow smoking here (its open and right in the middle of the casino so why wouldn't they?)The music was great. I like how they had the music video to the song they were playing. No cover charge and lot's of places to sit if you're no in the mood to dance. The best part is that you can go in and out, gamble a little and return. They close at 3am. I will definitely return!
3	Free dancing and cool music, I'll give it a thumbs up! Especially since we just happen to stumble on Eye Candy while passing time. We ended up dancing there for hours. The music variety was a mix of 80's & 90's funk. Corresponding video's played on huge screens around the dance floor which I thought was a cool touch. I guess the only downer was the $15 wine (which was excellent at least). I know wine in Vegas, augh! But some chump was buy'n so we were drinking free & dancing free in Vegas, LOL! Probably wouldn't make a special trip back there 'tho!
4	This place is pretty cool, but I like it simply because it was easy to get in there and find a place to lounge/dance/etc. and there is no cover.  What isn't to like about that.  I ended up going there a few times during my last Vegas trip as it was an easy place for people to go and dance, drink, talk, etc.  It is a bit out of the way being in Mandalay Bay but a good compromise place to go.  The music videos are fun, although they seem to jump between some new stuff with some from the 80's, and are can get quite repetitive after awhile.  I think I could see a pattern after 30 minutes.
4	Open late! Excellent music! They played mixes of gary numan, dead or alive, kraftwerk etc. No cover charge. We sat in a booth where the speakers were by our heads. The table had a video screen, the curtains had it's own projectors and there was a big projector screen showing random dance music art. A nice sized dance floor that pretty much very seat in the house can see.
5	Eye Candy is a great place to start a night out. Almost every time I go out the night starts here...its so good occasionally we never move on! The video mash-ups are awesome. Friday and Saturday nights have an awesome DJ, great crowd. There is no line, bouncers or cover charge like most places in Vegas. Definitely worth checking out.
4	Eye Candy seems like the place people in the know head to get their night started or even to chill for the whole night. There is no cover, and it has overall a very chill atmosphere. The DJ played great music, and there's a lot of room to space out and do your thing. I would definitely recommend this lounge over a lot of the more crowded places in Vegas if you're really just looking to drink and dance with friends. It's not as crowded and not as pompous. The only problem is that since it's pretty much open to everyone, there are a lot more creeps. This means that girls have a greater chance of getting harassed. We had a drunken old guy hitting on one of the girls in our party. He wouldn't leave us alone until we told the bouncer to keep an eye on him.
3	A great starting place to get you ready for a night out on the town in Vegas. You'll know when it's time to move on as soon as one of the cougars at the tables that outline the dance floor gets up to make a move on ya.
3	Went to Eye Candy last night and had a fun time... Overall, it's a nice lounge with private and public seating, single drink or bottle service, and decent DJ and smaller but adequate dance floor.  The Lounge is a lounge duh.... no major surprises here folks.  Inside Mandalay bay, drinks $14 + $1 for "rocks" LOL..... Service was decent and Even though there were way to many 35+ year old "men" wearing Affliction shirts because of the Ortiz/Griffen fight it was still a fun place to grab a drink and chill.
5	After a crazy evening of the Pacquiao vs Cotto fight, and going to multiple other spots that were just TOO overcrowded.  This was such a discovery!!!  I've partied like a rockstar and have done everything under the sun.  Hey, I just left a party where Diddy was drinking Crystal and Floyd Meyweather was walking in.  Um, yeah...No Thanks!  EYE CANDY!!  My new spot of spots!!  It's chill, has a great vibe, no drama, and people are still all dolled up like "EYE CANDY".  Such a great place to vibe with your friends without the drama and you get to do it all with breathing room and a place to sit and lounge.
3	I grabbed a few drinks here with a group of friends the night before UFC 106. It was easy for us to find a table even with the lounge being a little crowded. Good: Music was ok (top 40 remix, a bit of house, some 80s remix), drinks were stiff and reasonably priced, chill yet chic atmosphere, close to blackjack tables, decent size dance floor.Bad: cocktail waitress took forever and I don't think I ever saw her smile.
2	Nothing special here. Some lights, a DJ, a small dance area, mediocre drinks, decently priced for a place in the Mandalay Bay, and lots of sitting room.  Convenient for those staying at the Mandalay Bay or The Hotel and not too crowded (no cover, open seats available) but almost too loud for talking with friends.
3	After driving 1.5 hours in LA to the OC in Friday traffic, then sitting in the car for an over 4 hour drive to Vegas, I was tired, but my sister wanted to meet up with her friends at Mandalay.  Being a Vegas club virgin, I decided to check out some of the clubbing scene.  We met up with her friends at Eye Candy.  There was no cover and they were playing decent hip hop music and even a little Journey.  I couldn't believe that there were a lot of people even though it was already 1A. It was a decent place to get your groove on without paying a cover.  It is better than some Hollywood spots, let me tell ya.  There were even some spots to sit. Yay!  Not bad.
4	This is a great lounge to hang out at Mandalay Bay...it can get loud with events but the location on the casino floor is great!
3	Probably one of the few places in Las Vegas where you are not required to buy a bottle to sit down in a booth/table. Decent music. Lots of hookers. No cover. Expensive drinks. What else can you ask for?
4	** Great Place to Chill - Without the Long Lines in Vegas **PROS:- No cover charge for the ladies & hotel guest.  Otherwise, it's $10 for the guys- Easy to find.  In the middle of the Mandalay Bay CasinoCONS:- Weak drinks- Felt like I was watching MTVMY EXPERIENCE:After driving for more than 4 hours with Friday traffic, I finally made it to Vegas.  Unfortunately, I was too exhausted from the drive to put on anything for the clubbing scene.  So, I decided to hit up this lounge at Mandalay Bay and grab myself a few drinks.Found Eye Candy without any trouble.  It is located in the middle of the casino.  The best thing about this lounge is that I don't have to deal with standing in line for more than an hour to get inside.  I basically walked up and walked right in.  Cover charge is only $10 for the guys.  I believe it is free for the guys if you are a hotel guest.Lots of booths to sit and chill.  They played mostly the Top40 with a little mix of the 80s.  DJ didn't mix up the music too much.  I just stood around sipping my drinks and watching the music videos on the two giant screens next to the dance floor.  Drinks are cheap but relatively weak.  Cocktails were $10+ and Beers were $7.OVERALL:Hey, I didn't have to wait in line and got in for free, so I am not complaining!
3	I went to Eye Candy just to unwind after spending all day walking down the Las Vegas strip. The place is a strange shape in the center of the Mandalay Bay casino. We went on a Tuesday and it was still fairly busy. It takes awhile for a hostess to show up and take your order, but hey it's Vegas. The drinks are around $14 and there are some unique choices but they are very weak. The music selection is top 40 hits with the videos playing on giant projectors on the wall. It is a nice place to just people watch and enjoy some good tunes.
1	Most of the D-Bags at the Mandalay Bay will end up at this bar at some point during the night.  As a matter of fact I wouldn't be surprised it they lurked here the entire time attempting to court ladies in the bar on the pseudo dance floor.  It's not a great bar and certainly not a great place for a conversation.Drinks here are about as pricey as any casino bar in Vegas.  Don't expect a bargain here since Mandalay likes to keep itself in the no-bum-prices range, with most standard cocktails at $10 or more a pop.  The bartenders here tend to make them fairly strong, even if the drink itself can be downed in a few gulps.I suppose this place is a good starting off point for some folks.  I would rather pre-game in a hotel room, but sometimes it serves as a solid meeting point without much complication or hassle, which for Vegas nightlife is a good thing.
4	The Eye Candy Sound Lounge and Bar was a cool laid back alternative than going to a full fledged "club" The vibe is good here and the drinks are strong.  They play a little over everything here but its primarily hip hop.  Age ranges from young 21 year old up to old farts like myself but I would say for the most part its mostly the 25-40 year old crowd here.
4	My friend brought me here for a few drinks after eating dinner at RM Seafood.  I didn't get to go inside the lounge but I liked the vibe of the bar.  The DJs were playing great music and the giant video screens were a nice touch.  The bartenders were cool and I liked their specialty cocktails.  Overall, it was a nice spot to chill after a nice dinner!
4	this is a nice place to chill and unwind after a night out in vegas. we headed to eye candy around midnight after watching a concert. it was the weekend of the pacquaio fight (he won) so everyone was in high spirits. had a great time dancing and just hanging out. everyone was friendly and chill.  no pretentious people.. just people enjoying having fun. there was absolutely no line or cover.  get your dance on with fun people for free at eye candy!
2	Eyecandy is this random little bar with a dance floor stuck in the middle of Mandalay Bay's casino. The two times I've been there, my friends and I were by far the youngest people there, so I felt a little out of place. The TV screens playing music video mash-ups are pretty cool, but I'd rather go to my favorite sushi restaurants to watch music videos. The drinks are okay. I paid about $18 for a beer and a cocktail. Free entry is neat if you're bringing boys, but I'd rather go to a real club.
4	After dinner at Stripsteak, we wandered over to Eyecandy and hello! It was like I'd stumbled into 80s-90s music heaven! Awwwwwsome. The lounge is pretty, and it wasn't really crowded but we were there on a Monday night, so who knows what it's like on the weekend. Anyways, it was a good place for hubby and I to chill, get a nice buzz on, and grove to "Poison" by some BBD (that's Bell Biv Devoe for you non 90s hipsters).I'd def go back.
2	Super creepy crowd.  Just, straight, creepy.
3	oh geez. i pretty much made the best out of it. we came here on a Tuesday night (big mistake) let's just say we we're out of place because of the crowd. there were probably a couple of girls that were around our age. the rest were older than us. the place is nice though i gotta give them that. the music was pretty dope. the DJ did his job and made everybody dance their asses off once the alcohol got to everybody. this was the first time i saw ladies that were gold digging white man for some drinks. pathetic low lifes. other than that this place is kool as long as you come in on the right day
2	Really it's just a bar, not much more. There are a couple of fun, fruity drinks for the ladies, all very expensive. I suppose for the purpose of dancing and drinking it's your one good free option and for that you get two stars. I was there earlier in the evening for some pre-dinner drinks. Not too busy except for the hookers looking for work, again because it's free I think you expect to see that. Relaxing yes, good spot for people watching yes, extremely memorable, no.
1	Drinks are like juice. Free cover but drinks will cost you. Shots served in warm shot glasses.
4	Dude, I met Flavor Flav AND saw the Rick Astley "never going to give you up" music video here....what's not to like?  My friends and I are feeling old these days...we went to Tao the night before for dinner thinking we'd go to the club after but seeing the line, the crowd of sloppy 22 year olds, and the douchey pretentious meat head bouncers...lost any interest in staying after our meal.  Eye Candy was much more our speed....slow.  Definitely not your place if you want to party it up with the elite (other than Flavor Flav of course) but nice if you want a place to sit with friends and a dance floor with decent top 40 music... It was a Sunday night also, so it was slower than normal and I remember a good sized crowd there the night before.  I preferred the smaller one...less sweaty.  Plus it's in the middle of the casino so if you get the itch to play some penny slots, they are just steps away!
4	I was very impressed with the patience and all around professionalism of the staff working at this bar, and at the Mandalay Bay in general.  We went to Sapphire for a friend's birthday and had a blast, so I didn't want to call it a night just yet.  This placed looked like an interesting way to continue the party/end the night (even though we weren't even staying at that hotel.  Drunk logic at it's finest.)  We arrived at around 3 a.m., and although the place was clearing out the bartender accommodated our little group, and the few Navy guys who decided to stick around.A friend left her purse in our hotel, and, while I was in the restroom, she put her credit card in my wallet after she closed out her tab....without telling me....and then forgot.  She spent the next hour haranguing management, security - anyone who would listen - and even blamed the bartender for "stealing" her credit card.  Talk about a buzz kill.  I'd had enough and closed out finding a strange Mastercard tucked into the slot where my Visa would normally be, thus bringing the verbal scuffle to an end.  Throughout her entire tirade, the staff, including the bartender "in question", remained calm and professional, and management even offered some coupons for one of their restaurants when it was all over.  I'm a sucker for a happy ending to a great night out gone awry, and will make my way here for a drink next time I'm in town.
2	A few of our friends were going to see Lion King at 8.  We were done with the Health and Fitness Expo, so instead of going up the strip again, we decided to grab a couple drinks before dinner time.  So we walked around and found this place.  It's in the middle of the casino area.  The only thing I didn't like was the fact that smoke was every where. *cough cough*  The bartender was nice, the drinks were expensive, but of course what cocktail isn't?  Gets super packed and really can't talk to folks since it's super loud.
5	Free admission.... That's a start. There's also available sitting and a dance floor that fits the atmosphere of this lounge. I love the fact that music videos play on screen. This place is nice for a get away with some good company.
3	I come to this place for several years, always had a great time and party here, but not this time, it was different. When the drinks are already very pricy, at least offer an excellent customer service, so you can justify the higher price. The reason why I come to the bar is because I am thirsty, so I need my drink - FAST!!!And the DJ this time!! DJ - when everybody stops dancing to the music you are playing, maybe, but only maybe there is something wrong with your music!!! Well, since I did not like it here at all this time I had to find me an alternative, which I found rather quickly and came out to be even much better!!
3	We stopped and grabbed a couple of brewskis after a long day out on the Strip.Eyecandy makes great for people watching since it sits in the middle of the casino. Comfy booths/seats and ample seating. I'm sure this bar gets packed during peak hours.
2	We were here at 9 which is a bit before the late night crowd I suppose. The place was practically empty and yet we still waited an age and a day for service. We sat a booth not at the bar. The people sitting at the bar looked like they got served faster. From our vantage point we could see the place all the servers congregated. Our server would bring her order to the bar, the bartender would fill it and the server would stand around gabbing to all the other servers that were standing around for 10-15 mins AFTER her drinks had been made by the bartender. Then she would deliver them.Here's a scenario for you. We sat for 15 minutes before she approached us for our order. We waited another 10 before our drinks were brought out to us. We gave her a very nice tip. And then sat another 45 minutes without her ever coming back to ask if we wanted another round. I don't know about you, but where I come from my milkshake usually brings the boys to the yard... but not this time.
1	Stayed at the hotel and the front desk hosts were being very generous and gave my group drink coupons to eye candy.  Since I've never stayed at this hotel or drank at EyeCandy, we decided to give this place a shot.  If it wasn't for the free drinks, we wouldn't have bothered; we had yet to have a drink, so I know we were not being rude or obnoxious to deserve such bad service.  The place was not busy, but the bartender was ignoring us and got in a huff about a simple drink order (7&7 and basic bartending drinks).  We handed him our tickets and he got more annoyed.  While I've been one for taking care of people who take care of others, this guy acted like we bothered him.  Since it's Vegas, PASS.
4	If you are in VEGAS and want to chili at a bar/lounge type this is the place to go.  Nice set up no cover charge almost a club but not exactly.  They play good music and you can dance they have a dance floor.  You will have a good time! Just dont fall asleep on their couches they will throw you out! LOL.................
3	This is the "center bar" at Mandalay Bay. Very nice, open and spacious. Bartenders were prompt and friendly and drinks were average priced for a strip casino center bar. We ordered some Grey Goose Redbulls and I do have to say they did NOT taste good. Something was definitely wrong. I don't know if he used SF Redbull or maybe that wasn't Grey Goose in that Grey Goose bottle, but grooose. I had to suck that one down real fast just to get it over with! Over all a decent center bar. The place wasn't too packed, but then again, it was Sunday after Superbowl... I'm sure we will be back, because Mandalay Bay is our go-to hang out on the strip (easy in, easy out!)
4	The first time I went to eyecandy, a bartender with a long ponytail was being a jerk for no reason. I guess he was having a bad night, I had just turned 21 so I had not recieved my new license yet, so I had my paper from the DMV. This guy told me it was not a legal document, so he made me go to the security and get a wrist band...REALLY...the next week we came, he acted like a totally different person, and did not even ask for our I.D. lol... I like eyecandy, it's a nice relaxing atmosphere, and they play good music. i would definitely go here to get a drink or just relax on a date. :)
3	Typical bar ... nothing special.  Bartenders are really friendly though.  Ordered a glass of wine and attempted to enjoy it, but some guy was smoking a cigar behind me, so that's all I could focus on.
4	Wasn't even looking to dance as we downed a couple of shots and had a few drinks on our "bar hopping" tour that started at the House of Blues in Mandalay Bay!  But hey, this place had a cool, little dance floor with a big screen showcasing the music videos, lights, good music  and some peeps dancing . . . all I need to get my booty movin!  Ya, a little older crowd but everyone was having a good time and that's all that matters!You could learn a lot of interesting news from random peeps on the dance floor!  That's where I first heard about the 8.9 in Japan!!!  And they were saying I might not have SoCal to return to cuz of the tsunamis!  Whoa, wouldn't that be cool to be stuck in Vegas?!?!!!
3	Good place to check out and hang out with a group. Good mix of music! DJ was good. $$$ drinks but this is Vegas man!  Got to walk 10 mins for closest restroom. Free to enter.
3	Ended up at Eye Candy after the Brandon Flowers concert... My group of 6 got lucky and found a vacant table and chairs for all of us.Large open bar area....a fairly good size dance floor area.  We weren't there to dance but as it got later... more people were hittin' it up.The music was loud but not too loud that we couldn't talk and have a good time.  We didn't have to shout at each other so that was nice.Note:  This is not an intimate bar/lounge... it's pretty big and open.The drinks were good ... and we were quickly serviced by the barenders... there weren't any cocktail waitresses.... at least none came to our table.  The bar-backs or bus-boys.... they were ON TOP of it.... they were quick to clear our table after each round and did so without bothering us.Good place to people watch... and the later it got... the more like a Meat Market it became.  Overall.... good place to grab a drink with some good friends.
4	I'm really diggin' this place.  It was a great place to have a fun, chill kind of night.  Great music (at least when we went), no cover, small little dance floor, and a variety of people.  Definitely was a great spot to come, dance, sit and lounge around and enjoy our night.  Drinks were a bit expensive, but hey, it's Vegas, right?  I mean, I get that some of y'all don't like being in the middle of such a diverse crowd and are irked by the fact that some older people come here, too...but honestly, it felt like such a great mix of people, young and old alike.  Don't know if I would've sought out this place had we not been staying at the Mandalay bay, but I'm glad we found it. It was definitely the place where we had the most fun.  It was full, but never full enough that finding a seat was TOO difficult.Overall, we had a great, fun, chill, and drama-free night here without having to pay an exorbitant cover or waiting for a disgusting amount of time to get in.  No complaints from this girl :)
3	So I checked this place out two weeks ago and I gotta say, for a place that's open late, Eyecandy is "NOT THAT BAD." The crowd can be a little sketchy but the music was good! The DJ was spinning some flashbacks mixed in with some TOP 40. Also, going back to the "sketchy crowd" there was man who looked like he was in his late 50's , pretending to be the "white, non-surgerically enhanced" Michael Jackson. He was busting the moonwalk, and even had the wardrobe that Michael used when he first busted out the moonwalk at the Mowtown anniversary.But anyways, I digress. Eyecandy should be a spot that you go to end the night before your long night of partying comes to an end!
3	The bartender was surly and the tunes were kinda cool in an outdated way, but we managed to have a lot of fun here, so it can't be too bad. Big props for a place just to pass time between things or a night cap.
3	Not a bad place overall.  No cover, nice setup, and not too crowded.Eyecandy sits right in the middle of the casino and can best be thought of as two different places occupying adjacent spaces.  In one space, there is a simple lounge with plenty of good seating and a decent bar, pretty regular stuff.  In the other space is what appears to be a mini-club, although it was among one of the oddest dance spaces I've seen in Vegas.  For one, I was told (though I didn't actually see this) that there are sound booths where you can plug in your iPod and send music directly to the DJ.  That's pretty much where the good stuff ends.  I am told that the crowd seriously varies, so we must not have come on a good night (but seriously, we came on a Friday night, so if not then, then when?).  There is apparently absolutely no dress code whatsoever, and that's really a shame, because as a result of this, there were plenty of guys in shorts and sandals (with the obligatory women stuffed into cocktail dresses two sizes too small).  I'm usually one for relaxing dress codes all across the board, but I think Eyecandy took it a bit far.Again, I've heard that experiences vary drastically depending on what night you happen to be coming by and that there really is no way to predict what experience you're going to get because there's no discernible pattern at this place.  I can at least say with some certainty that the lounge area will likely remain consistent, and for this place, that's a good thing.
3	Its a hotel bar in vegas, we went here twice because we had a big group. Fun night, but the DJ doesnt take requests which blows. Drink are $12 a pop but no cover. A-OK is about right. oh and I saw the Michael Jackson dancing white guy, total freak. I wouldnt be surprised if he had human skin clothes at home, it puts the lotion on its skin.
3	Fun for all to be had gir the price of free great music and entertainment for the eyes.
5	This is basically the antithesis of everything I hate about any other Vegas nightclub.No cover - CHECKNo line to get in - CHECKNo guy/girl ratio to worry about - CHECKNo strict dress code - CHECKRoom to dance - CHECKMusic to dance to (Top 40 from the 90s to the present) - CHECKDang, if I could, I would give this place a 6 because I am just that darn comfortable when I come here. The night we so happened to come to Eyecandy, there was a Gamestop conference in town and needless to say, this crowd was fun to dance with albeit there were a couple of occasions my friend had to shout "GAME... STOP" to a few certain guys - LOL.Anyhow, shots at the bar looked like double/triple ones (for sure, gulping is mandatory) and I can't get over the fact that there is music that isn't obnoxiously spun to death that they are no longer recognizable. Always a good time (two times) that I have been here!
4	After my friends got married, we all met up here for a pre-dinner drink. It's a pretty cool place. There was no cover, good service, and a dance floor for those that so chose to do so. I really enjoyed that there was enough space for about 20 of us and we all weren't cramped. That was cool.  It was pretty early, so the music wasn't crazy loud which was nice as well (since we were all catching up with each other).If you want a cool place to grab a drink and hang out with friends, this is the place.
4	I wasn't too sure what to expect with this place, as It's not one of the well known "clubs". I was super surprised ! We came here with a bridal party after a wedding and had some drinks and danced the night away! lol ok that's cheesy, but we did dance and we did get some drinks, which were the typical 10-12$ you'd expect in vegas. there was plenty of room to sit and hang out. the dancefloor was of decent size, lol what I can remember of it ;-) Fun night overall. PROS: no cover, no line, lots of fun! CONS: no bathroom within the lounge, you have to walk accross the casino and use a different one.
4	What a great find!  A place to drink and dance without:the long linesa coverthe rude bouncersdress-codeIt's a mini-club/bar with out all the hangups of a normal club!
3	Im not a huge club man, too old ;-) but this place was a nice stop.  Like others have said, no cover, no long wait etc etc.  for vegas is quite amazing.  stop by, even if you don't like the place, without a cover you can leave without feeling like you are losing money leaving.
5	Great place to dance, with no cover or lines. I love the large music videos by the dance floor. However the guy tossing his cookies in the corner grossed me out! He should have been tossed out himself!  4 stars for the dance floor, no lines, no cover, and just a really fun place, 1 star for the guy tossing his cookies!
4	I came here strictly for the lounge portion, I have not tried the dining portion of it. Just getting that out there first.I really enjoy this nightclub. It's GREAT for any type of crowd. They play awesome music, and the bar is separated from the dance floor (even though there is one located in the dance floor area, it is separated by a metal bar).I felt that the prices of drinks were pretty typical of a Las Vegas bar. There are waitresses that come around, so thats a perk if you have a group where half of you want to dance and the other just want to hang out.I also love that there is no cover charge OR ever a line to get in.I love that its kind of a hidden gem of Las Vegas, because not a lot of people know about it, but it still brings in a great crowd. No one stares you up and down and everyone is just there to have fun. If you are the type of person that likes KOI lounge and club, or some of the downplayed clubs in Las Vegas, you will enjoy yourself here.If you like the spicy, upbeat, REALLY crowded, out-of-control clubs, you most likely wont enjoy yourself here.Oh, and added bonus, there are a TON of cool music videos they play while you dance!!!
3	This isn't a bad place to grab a drink. Not a great place. I met up with someone for one drink, which somehow turned into 5. It's got a very modern feel to it, and they had a very good Top 40 DJ on this one Thursday night. Easy to grab a table, the service is ok, but the drinks are severely watered down...big time. If you are at Mandalay Bay and looking to grab a drink, perhaps hit up House of Blues, or take a cab and go down to a locals spot like Blue Martini.
4	This is a great place to meet up with friends who are staying at Mandalay Bay because it is in the middle of the casino floor. The other reason I like this place is that surprisingly, it is one of the rare lounge venues in Vegas where DJs spin music video.
4	overall this place was great for all the times we went there. I was disappointed that on Friday night, they all of a sudden started carding people to get into the area, and even if you were clearly over the age of 50 no id no entrance. No other night of the week was carding going on, kind of dumb to do that 2 out of 7 nights a week.
3	I thought it was fine; we didn't have to wait to get in, and the drinks were standardly overpriced.  The people-watching, as it is in Las Vegas, was intense, and although we didn't stay long, I thought it was fine.  A bit of a walk from where we were earlier in the evening, but Eyecandy was a fun night out.
3	After Bond bar we went over here to check it out, kinda failed as the crowd was thin, but the drinks were a few bucks cheaper.  Music was pretty good also but not much people at all.  Dance floor was decent and a few folks were out there busting some moves.
3	Came here last night for a night cap after an amazing dinner at China Grill. Its a cool spot to grab a drink, the service totally sucks but since it was pretty much our only option for late night drinks at Mandalay bay. $12 bucks for a Chopin and water but i guess that's pretty normal for the Strip. I mean i guess ill go back if  I'm in the same predicament of no where else to go but it wouldn't be my 1st choice.
5	Oooooh MY! If you're lookin' for a hot club w/no cover this is it! It''s in the middle of the casino at Mandalay Bay. Met some of the nicest, beautiful, upscale people ever in this place. Drinks are pricey but if ya show up w/a little in ya you're good! I'm never the type to dance on tables but this place got me to! AWESOME DJ and played everything we requested! Met & still keep in touch w/a local we met there and boy is that a plus! The bartenders are great and take care of ya if you do the same. Can't wait to go back and party there again!
3	Meet up with a girl for cocktails on our first date. And honestly if your not going during the real busy times, then this is a good location for getting to know someone. Noise level is low so you can talk without hindrance and it still has that fun and sexy lounge feel for it.  My rec is to meet up and have a couple drinks and then if you click then bounce somewhere else for a continuation. Downside though is the drinks are a bit on the expensive side, but at least the ambiance is right.
3	Had a classic Mojito, which I love but way to much mint(overpowering actually) not worth the 14.00 dollar price tag.
4	A pretty nice lounge/nightclub with a variety of seating options.  If you get there early, you can grab a comfortable couch in the back.  They play music at the usual loud levels, but you can still hold a conversation back in the lounge area.  Good music selection and DJ.
4	Pretty chill spot. No fee, just a place to relax, people watch and dance.
5	What can I say.... I love this place.  It ain't no meat market or club scene where it's really loud.  It's a nice environment with nice chairs and VIP seating.  The dance floor is a good size and the DJ's are good too.  (When you can have the dance floor packed then you're doing your job.) Drinks can get expensive but just pre-party and play slots before entering.  Never a dull moment! When I'm in Vegas this is a place I'd like to hangout at rather than going to a nightclub.
4	Came when it was not crowded and noisy. Keith made one of the best Manhattans I've ever had, and a "cherry lime aide" like creation made with Effen Black Cherry for my wife.  Both delicious!
5	A small but very nice lounge inside of Mandalay Bay. Drink prices were slightly on the higher side but not too crazy and affordable. The ambiance is really nice with nice lounge chairs and dim lighting. The music is pretty good as well.We didn't dance on the dance floor but I enjoyed just relaxing on the lounge chairs, sipping on drinks and having a good time:)
3	Lol no eye candy here...But the music was good, the crowd was chill, and it was a laid back, fun atmosphere. Definitely a good place to end a night. I was happily not sober and having a good time. It got the job done-A OKThe guys dancing were respectful. We met some nice foreign guys that actually danced with us and not on top of us. lol Although the guys standing around the dance floor staring and being creepers were not so cool.Hmm definitely an older crowd here and dark lighting makes everyone look way better. Saw some decent guys thinking they were dancing with some hot, young 20 year olds but when those lights came on their facial expressions were priceless. Hello semi-milfs...
1	Looked like a nice place to relax early in the evening, it's in the middle of the casino and was pretty busy.  Ordered an old fashioned, which is whiskey, muddle fruit, sugar, water and bitters.  What I got tasted like a manhattan.  I asked the bartender that this tasted like it had vermouth in it and she responded that she always puts vermouth in a manhattan!!!  I gave her a blank stare...she offered to remake it without vermouth...  Clearly, she had no idea so I asked if I could just get some rye whiskey neat, which she obliged.  Later, I asked for my check and both drinks were on there.  I pointed this out to her and she had to "wait for her manager" to take the drink off, which eventually happened.
5	This review is for the Assistant Beverage Manager: Colin. I had my wedding at the Mandalay Bay and we got bottle service at this laid back lounge after our small reception through Colin and it was fun. I lost my phone during the festivities and he stayed on top of it - I didn't feel like I was one in a million that loses their phone while drunk in Vegas. In the end,  my phone was found and I am grateful to Colin and the staff at Eyecandy. Beside this incident,  the lounge is fun and really chill. Music is good and so is the atmosphere. These three guys were b-boying in our circle for a bit and we got a nice group going for a little while. All in all,  Eyecandy was a good choice.
3	A small but very nice lounge inside of Mandalay Bay. Drink prices were slightly on the higher side but not too crazy and affordable.The ambiance is really nice with nice lounge chairs and dim lighting. The DJ was okay, but the crowd at that time of night was not all that great (1am). We didn't dance on the dance floor but I enjoyed just relaxing on the lounge chairs, sipping on drinks, having a good time and watching the Michael Jackson impersonator (which was some random 50+ y/o white man with a pony tail and gold shiny pants). Yikes! But definitely no eye candy here!
5	I had my wedding in Las Vegas on a Saturday night at Platinum Hotel. The reception ended at midnight, but I knew there would be 30+ of us that would want to continue the party.I called the concierge, Thaddeus, at Mandalay Bay to inquire about bringing such a large group. He was super friendly and said a group that large would be perfectly fine, even though I didn't want to do bottle service.We took a party bus from our hotel to Mandalay Bay and were directed where to go to find Eye Candy. There was no line to get in, no cover charge, and was smack in the middle of the casino. Perfection!Drink prices were totally normal for a lounge in a big, popular hotel. There was plenty of room for us to sit down and drink as well as mingle in the lounge area. The bar was quick and efficient, and wait staff was friendly.The best part for me was the dance floor and the music. The DJ was fantastic and every song kept us dancing. As someone who isn't in to house music or techno, the pop and rap songs had us on our feet the entire time. Two huge TVs on either side displayed the music videos, which was a fun feature!When our feet couldn't handle any more dancing, we walked around the corner to grab food at Citizen's. Then we waited in a short line to take a cab home. Perfect way to end our wedding celebrations!
1	I had high hopes for Eye Candy.  Around 11 pm on Thursday July 11th me and buddy walked in and there was NO ONE in there maybe 12 people including us and all just sitting and smoking.  We walked in looked around, made sure everyone wasn't on dance floor, then turned around and left.  Got to put people in the place, we went to Mix right after, was more people and amazing view, but same problem they need people.
4	Great music and lounge area. So far it's the one I've really liked compared to other hotels I've been. If you like to just chill n people watch it's definitely a place for you. They also have a dance floor f you wanna get your groove on. I highly recommend chilling there if you don't feel like gambling.
4	LOVE EyeCandy!  This was my spot to venture when I lived in Vegas and is still my spot to hit up when I visit Vegas...There is NO COVER CHARGE! Drinks are nice and priced right...There is plenty of eye candy there but I don't go there for the eye candy...It's a nice chill spot where I can meet up with some friends and catch up!Music is always on point and they play a variety...They have bottle service which is also decently priced, especially for Vegas...There is a lil dance floor and folks be getting their groove on too...It does tend to get crowdy as there is no cover charge!I love this place and will continue to venture when I am in town!!!
4	You will definitely make friends here. It's Las Vegas. It's a bar. You'll probably be drunk because the bar is IN the casino. It'll be hard NOT to make conversation or cut a rug with another human being in that situation. Especially if your group of friends has a bachelor, a girl in multi color unicorn and robot leggings and others dressed in fierce 80s garb. All eyes on us.We stumbled in after a concert so it was past midnight and the scene was pretty intense. The tiny dance floor was overtaken by a man who looked like Sinatra on a bender singing pop tunes. All ages - all types, variety is the spice of life people. Plenty of folks doing their own thing, dancing, singing, fist pumping, drinking, chatting at tables, creepin' at the bar, you name it. Didn't have a drink but heard they weren't that expensive. No cover, just an all around easy going area to hang out in if you're not in the mood for a real "club" and want to dance but not gamble.
4	Came in with le fiance a few weeks ago as we were in town for the Kanye concert!The lounge is very lovely and pretty spacious.The drinks were rather strong and appropriately priced...(For Vegas)The only reason for the 4 stars is the waitress....We are rather friendly people who like to socialize with others and it was kinda like talking to a Brick wall every time she came around. Not friendly at all.Oh! The music was dope!
1	Expensive drinks, noisy atmosphere, smokey air and non-attentive staff. What else can you ask for?Met  business contacts in the middle of the Mandalay's casino floor at Eyecandy for a post conference meeting. We would have been better off going out on the street corner with the guys handing out "business cards"; it would have been quieter, better air quality and I'd be $120 better off (we had 2 rounds of drinks).
4	This place is spacious and easy to maneuver through, and it's a really convenient meeting place, with separate places to sit and talk without shouting. There are private booths that are partitioned off with sheer draping which hangs from the ceiling to the floor, which I think is rather chic looking and I noticed that for people legitimately trying to handle business, it was AWESOME. The music, the times that I have been there, has been great and because there are no walls you can see out into the casino and into all areas of the hotel. That kindof access and transparency adds a really unique quality to this place.Check it out or just walk through, this place is cool.
2	Not sure what all the hype is about. Okay drinks, but it took forever to get them. And this was at 5 PM--not late night.
3	The music is great here, it beckoned me to come and sit and pay a lot for a drink.  It really is an unassuming nice spot in the middle of the casino.  Luckily, it wasn't too packed so my large group could have a seat and have decent service.If your in Mandaly, like music and such, and just need to take a quick load off, this is a great spot.
2	I went here because my friends would not slow their roll at the pool earlier that day and got too inebriated and tired. We were not dressed to go to Light, the hot new club in Mandalay, where all the cool people were going. Eyecandy has no cover charge and no dress code. Also no eyecandy. Also, slow service. Great music, and a place for dancing, but no one was out on the floor, really. What I saw reminded me of a middle school dance in all it's awkward glory. Not appealing.  It was just so boring. When I get bored, I smoke. I had like a half a pack of cigarattes when we were here.This just wasn't the place for me. I imagine it could be fun on the right night but I would not willingly go back here.
4	I frequent Mandalay Bay often for concerts taking place at House of Blues, plus I love Light Nightclub. This is my go to lounge/bar when I am here for pre partying and after partying. I LOVE their drinks and the bartenders are all really quite friendly. My favorite part is that they have DELICIOUS Bloody Mary mix which makes a killer drink. If you're a fan or looking to cure a hang over this is the place to check out!!!!!   Only reason for not giving 5 stars is the cocktail waitresses on the few times I have sat down in that area aren't very friendly!
3	This spot was just a tad strange. It's located in the middle of the lobby essentially with some odd characters. Basically just about anyone can walk in here and begin dancing for free.. and I feel like some of those, err, uhh, people did. Good music, cute area, plenty of space to dance.. but not sure it was my scene.
4	This lounge may not look the newest but it was still a great experience. Came here after dinner at Mix and thought to try it out and have a drink, kill some time before the 1:30am ferris wheel ride. Cocktail waitresses are friendly, ours especially (if only i can remember her name) she was great cuz she kept our cc till 2:15am...yes we accidentally left it there. DJ played variety of hits from the 90s, 2000 and the current club mix. Danced our asses off in one hour. Plenty of comfy couches to sit, bar has lots of seatings and big enough to stand around. No creepy people, everyone smiley and enjoying themselves. Good times!
1	Actually we are PISSED about our experience there....we went on Saturday (8/9/14) and we are all locals and told the server that when we arrived (started the service with a good rapport).  Three of us sat down around 4:30pm, it was slow and quiet so great to be able to catch up.....a fourth person joined us a couple hours later and we all ordered drinks.  We were there for about 3.5 hours.  When we were done, We asked for the bill from the server and she said that she added it up and it was $206.00.  I asked for the bill to be separated in two since two of us drank more expensive drinks and drank more than the other two.  The server said that she couldn't separate the bill and stuck with the $206.00 as the amount for the bill.  I know that they can separate bills and just thought she was being lazy....so I asked if a manager could do it and she said no.  Then I asked for her to just bring the full bill and that we would split it (still a completely nice exchange).  She hesitated and then finally brought us the split bills (not sure how she figured that out since she said that she couldn't do it).   The total for one bill was $125 and the other was $43.....NOT EVEN CLOSE TO $206.00 (so now thinking she split so that maybe we would not catch that SHE WAS TRYING TO SCAM US OUT OF ALMOST $40)!!!!!  The BF was pissed but just wanted to get out of there (we were going to a concert and didn't want that to put a damper on the evening).   This is not the first time that we have been taken advantage of at an M Life property (see reviews of Javier's and Lobby Bar at Aria).  I am not sure what they are teaching their servers at these places but BE CAREFUL and make sure that you READ YOUR BILLS and that you are charged the right amount and not believe what the server tells you!!!!  I am so disappointed that the strip is becoming such a SCAM!!!  READ YOUR BILLS PEOPLE!!!!
3	We were here for a private party and it was amazing. The service was wonderful. The appetizers were excellent. The staff was quick with the drinks. Great time! I'd be interested to go back when it is open to the public.
5	Out of most places in Vegas,  I like going to eye candy. It is a mixed age group, a mix of top songs from past and present. The crowd of people tend to be a lot more down to earth. Drink prices are typical Vegas, but the drinks tend to be a little stronger at eye candy. All in all it's a fun place. I recommend you check it out. There's also no cover for guys, so you have no excuse to not drop in.
2	What a waste of money! Came here to grab a drink before heading out around noon. The bar was pretty empty, and of course the music wasn't on. The reason I give only two stars is because no one should EVER have to pay $32 for two simple mixed drinks. I ordered a Long Island, and my boyfriend got a Manhattan (which was made wrong). $16 per drink?! and it didn't even taste that great.
5	Hands down theeee best lounge in Vegas!!! The music is always great & drinks are reasonably priced.  Me and my Girl friend hit this place up all the time and it's always poppin! We get our boogie on all nite and it's open late! But the best part is that's freeeeee!!!! No cover No dress code!!! Love this place!!!
1	Bad service... Staff are very rude!!!!! Went to this place with 12 friends from San Diego, ordered our drinks, ladies went to the bathroom and when we came back our drinks was been taken by the waitress , I said why she doing that when the glasses are full??? I told to the employee who's cleaning the table what happen but he said I don't know nothing about your drink and you should not leave your drink.. I said this is our table with full of drinks and now your cleaning our table? He is aid I don't know what to say and don't care! I said you are being rude to me, he he said FUCK you!!!at this point I'm very upset:(. When I talked to the bartender they all ignored me. Finally an old man (bartender) asked if he can help I said employee here are rude!!! He said I'm sorry I will help you. I spoke to the manager told him what happen and he said he buy us a drink I said no I don't need any alcohol, all I need is for the employees to apologize to me. But no one came and apologize .. I will never bring any one to this place ever!!!!! It's terrible!
