1	Well this is not for the show itself. My complaint is the air conditioning was not working well on the 2nd floor of this location so, it made it very uncomfortable to watch the show so we got up and walked out.I hope we can try it again under better circumstances and really give this show a rating it deserves.
5	I rarely give 5 stars for a show but this one is as good as it gets. In fact it is now my second favorite show in Las Vegas and I think I have seen almost all of them.  Since I used to be a magicians assistant years ago it is hard to impress me with magic shows.  But OMG I was utterly astonished with this show. The audience sat in awe. We were stunned at every turn. My mind is officially blown.Right now he is at a dumpy venue with a small crowd of comped viewers but I can see this act going to the big stage and Frederic De Silva becoming a household name.
5	Excellent show ! My favourite show in las vegas and i ve seen them all ! What frederic da silva does with his mind is unexplanable. He has a unique talent. This is brillant. An exciting show ! Very intimate and friendly. Impossible stuff , absolutly clever. You have to see it. Unbeliveble. How can he do it ?!?!
5	OK.. I finally saw this show completely and left mesmerized!!! He is an amazing Illusionist, magician etc. Some of the things he did left us all in AWE. My husband was picked several times for things and it was so spot on and I can tell we do not know this person. If you can go see PARANORMAL!!!!p.s the air conditioning is working and it was so nice!!
3	My wife got the tickets and I really did not wanted to go.However, it is a good hour of decent entertainment.I am still a skeptic of everything he did. Not sure how he did, other than the volunteers were part of his group.Something to do in the afternoon in Vegas.
5	Alan, i was one of the volonteers on the stage and i can garantee i was not a stooge !!! He choosed me by chance with a freesbee ! He guessed the name of my daughter and i still have no idea of how he did it. That s amazing.
5	Went to this show with my friends and we had a blast! Funny, entertaining and engaging. We were skeptical at first, but we were certainly proved wrong. I would certainly recommend this show to people looking for something to do. It also was in the afternoon which was perfect. It was a wonderful break in our day! Definitely go if you can. We loved it!
5	We loved it! Great hour of entertainment while in Vegas. He was a great guy and his show was really impressive--we had no idea how he pulled it off. Definitely check it out!!
5	Phenomenal Show!! Mentalist Da Silva is entertaining. I can't believe what I'm seeing. Everyone in the audience is astounded. Mr DaSilva places a person in the audience into a deep sleep. She claims that he is tapping her but we see that he does NOT tap her. I would love to sit down and interview him one day. How did he create and imagine these amazing illusions? This is one experience you done want to miss.
5	This was one of the best shows I've seen.  Frederic engages the audience at every step along the way, and there was absolutely not even 1 minute where I was bored.  I sat on the edge of my chair wondering what he could possibly do next that would be more astonishing than what he just had done, but he just kept it coming.  I have no idea, and neither did anybody else how he pulls this off.  I could go on and on about this, but go to the show yourself and see.  I guarantee you, you will not be disappointed.
5	What a fantastic show.  I am skeptical and observant but I could not even begin to figure out anything.  I was called on stage and participated in some of the show, yet I am even more baffled at what took place.  This show is so good I would see it again the next day.  I stood in line for tickets with a guy who saw the show 3 or 4 times previously, yet he was super enthusiastic to see it again.I would give him 6 stars if possible.  I cannot say enough good things.  Don't miss it!!!
5	Great non-stop action. I was amazed by the show and it was very entertaining. Super energy, acts, and it keeps the audience interested!
5	this guy is amazing!! great action small stage keeps you guessing, How did he do that.
5	I don't understand. Sooo cool. Loved it. This was  mentalist show. He would "guess" all kinds of random things from audience members. Not plants.
4	PARANORMAL SHOWPlease go to the show and if you don't understand something he will be glad to explain AFTER the show.  Very nice man. CHECK out the show!
5	I would like to thank all of you for sharing your opinion about Paranormal. I appriciate that you chose Paranormal for your entertainment in Las Vegas !!!
5	Thank you for sharing your opinion about Paranormal. I ll keep doing my best to improve your experience.
3	We were given tickets so we went, it was a decent afternoon show. It is the same thing over and over, guessing a card, a word a drawing. To pick his participants he throws out frisbees or a stuff toy for them to catch. That way it appears they are random participants.  It definitely seems that the audience members he picked with the items are in on the illusions some how, not sure exactly how he gets the messages through to them. Still kind of fun to just not over think it all and just sit and watch the show. Don't pay to much for tickets, but if you are given some like we were, go enjoy.
5	Truly a unique experience!  How he does it is a mystery to me.  Just amazing!  This is a must see for tourists and locals, so go check it out!
5	Amazing performance, better than David Copperfield and the mentalist.  You'll walk away completely intrigued and loving frederic da silva a real up and comer you wont want to miss!
5	I was skeptical.  Saw the other mentalist show at planet hollywood and enjoyed it... but skeptical about the audience participation.  I thought the audience had to be in on it somehow, until this show... It was kind of funny because we were making comments wondering if the audience was in on it- so we were determined to be participants this show.  As it turned out my daughter, my brother in law, and I were all at some point in the show selected... it was a matinee, so there was a smaller audience... and this guy blew my mind.  Absolutely amazing how he does what he does.  I could see how some people might think it is setup somehow... he does his best to make things random in selecting participants to satisfy the skeptic, but man some of the stuff is just too unbelievable...it just had to be fake.... but WE were participants, and he just worked magic.  I'm still just blown away... great show with a great performer.   Deserves a bigger venue.   Brought my 2 daughters - 8 & 12.  They loved it.  Clean and family friendly show.
5	Going into this show I had already experienced a previous mentalist show a few months back through a guy named Gerry McCambridge. It was quite entertaining and really wow'd me, but yes, I was still skeptical. This show by Frederic Da Silva absolutely changed my mind. These people are truly magnificent, entertaining, and talented at what they do.At the start of the show he tossed a few frisbees randomly into the crowd. I was one of the lucky audience member who caught one and got welcomed up on the stage. He blew my mind act after act. But the act that he performed on me really got me to buy in on everything that he is about. Everything that I saw from my perspective on the stage left me thinking, "No way, how did he do that?!" To conclude, this show is really incredible and a must see! I can full heartedly say that nothing is fake, and everything that he performs will completely stun you. Go see for yourself.
