4	The best place for a late night snack. Only down side is the drive thru always has a line.
3	I ate hear for the first time since moving to Arizona.  I had a chorizo and egg burrito and it was extremely greasy.  But then again, chorizo burritos are not high on the list of low fat low carb options.  Considering it was 11pm I'm not going to complain.  Don't be upset if the drive through takes too long; they make food to order so it is going to take a bit longer than average fast food.  I also think it's always going to be a bit difficult to get that much variety that late at night.  My wife had two crunchy chicken tacos and they were well worth it.
4	When you want good Mexican, this is the place. Great location to be happy about loading a Mexican brick in your belly.
2	Their drive thru intercom is broken. I'm waiting 15 minutes so far with a car in front and in back blocking me from fixing my mistake. I haven't even put my order in. Tell my wife and kid I love them. For the love of god stay away if you want to live life outside this drive thru.
5	You can never go wrong with this place! It's tasty and different from most other Mexican joints. I always get a craving for it late at night which is perfect because they never close. I have always liked their taquitos. It's a bit divey but I've never gotten sick from here, so I have no complaints. There's sticker machines and such for kids to use as well. The menu is huge, and you'll find yourself looking over it for a long Time. I love it here!
4	Good carne Asada burrito. Number 1 chicken is not great...
1	Ugh, I feel so bad. Me and this Filiberto's location used to have a good thing going on, but something has changed. For the worse. The only thing I can imagine is they have changed their bean supplier. Ever since September 2014 when I order my usual bean and cheese burrito, half the time the beans aren't cooked all the way so you get grey-ish-slop colored beans, with a dry or sandy texture, and an old-water taste. Or you get what I got last night, which were runny, grey-ish-slop that tasted more like day old oatmeal with a hint of rubber. It's so gross. Please fix your beans and call me! Otherwise, you have lost a devoted customer.
1	Bad customer service. They don't greet you the right way , they act as if you're taking forever to order. Oh and the drive thru. Yeah it pretty much sucks. They need a new speaker. Food is great. People there are just horrible!
