4	OK... so I went to Restaurant Cuisine Cantonaise based on the one review on Yelp; I was not disappointed. Being from LA, we have a great Chinatown, Thai town, Korea Town, Philippino town, etc etc so I'm no stranger to great Asian food. This place was exactly like I thought it would be, bright, thin on ambiance and kick ass food. The Wonton soup was the best I've ever had. The pork dumplings (which were actually sui mei) were good but not the best and the chef special could also have been one of the better dishes I've had but they deep fried the shrimp. That is the only reason I gave this place 4 instead of 5 stars. This is a great restaurant in a great city!
4	Excellent value, bad decor, and the food is good.
3	2 and half starsThe decor was ugly, but that's usually a good sign when it comes to authentic Chinese food, right? I tried the dumpling soup, and while the broth was tasty, the dumplings were way too doughy. Pea sprouts were all right, a little tasteless. We also got the congee. Maybe it was our food selection but this place is definitely medicore at best. Suddenly the ugly decor didn't look so promising, it just looked drab. I think I'll just try the beijing restaurant next door next time I am in the area.
2	Mediocre food, Expensive, and Bad serviceWe were visiting Montreal and wanted to try a local Chinese restaurant.  We went here based on the menu posted outside.  The staff who seated us and took our order was rude and impatient.  We were in the mood for dumplings, but they did not have the dish we requested; I then asked if they had any other dumpling dish, to which he responded: "Didn't I tell you we don't have dumplings?"  Okay.... We then inquired about a few other dishes, which he rushed us through.  Our bill for two turned out to be $40, which is a lot for Chinatown and commands excellent food; the latter was definitely not the case here.  All of our dishes were average or below, including Porridge With Pork and Preserved Eggs, Beef Tripes, and Water Spinach.  Overall, we didn't enjoy our dinner.The next night, we had a nice dinner at another Chinatown restaurant,  Delicieux Xiang, with better service and a smaller bill.  So I can say there are better options in Montreal Chinatown than the bad service and overpriced mediocre food at this restaurant.Not recommended.
4	I only come here for the lunch specials. They taste great, portions are fair, and the price is just too low.Oh, and the waiters are very friendly and the service is pretty hasty.
2	Down an alley in Chinatown, with not great ambiance, and the only way this place could have been worse-named was if it was called "Chinese Restaurant".I had salt and pepper squid. Not fab, not horrible. Waiter was personable.This place was just about as boring as my write-up here...
4	Yes, a comparable alternative to the legendary Beijing spot next door, very good traditional dishes and fast service. Open later than Beijing which is how we stumbled on this gem. Staff is super chill and helpful with suggestions. One dish we tried once was breaded shrimp smothered in a creamy mayo type sauce that was a bit heavy but very delicious.
3	I was at this restaurant when I visited Montreal a couple weeks ago. We went fairly late for dinner (around 1am) and decided to try out this place. The atmosphere was pretty dirty and the location was a bit sketch. The food however was pretty good! I got the hot and sour soup as well as the chili chicken and was pleasantly surprised with the taste. Everything was well made and tasted good. The service was average, nothing too special but not bad either. Overall, I would recommend this location to a friend however beware of the sketchy area!
5	Hello again food lover, this time we will talk about Chinese Restaurant. Well The people that give this restaurant one star and two stars they do not show there face, I was wondering about that so, i said i will take the serious ones. The noise level is high but tolerable. I ordered Tilapia fish Cantonese style. Let me tell, it fresh out of the tank so equitant. Every one who complain agree on one thing food is good. I say excellent you will not forget it, provided I do not eat enough Chinese food. I really, impressed with food afraid to say in "love with it".If you looking for change some time try it and let me know. You will not regret that one.Hope you let me know was the food nice, Hot, Clean or not, despite the noise. very, very affordable, too.
3	I go to this place one time per month....the food is ok..it's not the best in Chinatown,they offer the soup and the Chinese sweet soup free,this is the point I comme here...they make the Chinese dessert red bean soup,it's my favorite!!!
1	came to montreal for vaca.My flight landed got to Montreal at 1am.  got hungry.  don't know my way around on first night and nothing were open except this chinese restaurant and Couche-Tard (just 7-11 store).  food is terrible.  only one waitress and she is very rude.
