5	RE: Residential Glass ReplacementThese guys are EFFICIENT and ON TIME which gets 5 stars in my book.The upstairs glass part of the window (big one) had a huge crack in it... so... *gulp* (b/c I know it's going to be pricey)... needed to replace it before something horrible happened like it cracked all the way through and started to leak (if it rained) which would be bad.Anyways....I called and sent an e-mail to get an estimate... they called me back the next day to set up an appt.They measured it and naturally... it had to be a custom size (everything in this damn house has to be custom ordered because the builders were foolios...anyways...).... they ordered it and it was ready in a couple days just like they said.  Took a team of guys to carry the window up the stairs and then manuever it into place... they removed and took away the broken window, installed the new window, and cleaned it so it sparkles.The install took maybe 30-40 minutes.If I have any more windows break... I really hope not... but if it happens... I'll give them a call again.
5	I had a Large Mirror detaching in a newer home built by Centex/Pulte. I called Fast Glass and scheduled an appointment based on high reviews from a consumer paid review site. Tony came out to reinstall the Mirror. He said that there was a possibility the mirror could break and it would be $ 300.00 to replace it. Fortunate it did not break and when it was removed we saw the builder did not put any screws in the holding strip and only laid it on top of the cabinet and put some glue on the mirror and threw it up there. Tony worked to attach the cabinet back to the wall - placed screws in the holding strip - used a super strong glue on the back of the mirror and then put holding clamps on top of the mirror or a triple hold. The service was quick, Clean, Professional and for the $ 150.00 quoted on the phone. I will use them any time glass or mirror work is needed, this kind of service is rare for Las Vegas.
2	The service was quick but these guys charged $1000 for a job that took less than 90 mins and no material cost.  They called me at 8:30am to get into the building, left a message on my cell at 10am that said they were done.  They resat a window that was popping out.  Call around and get bids for your job before letting Fast Glass on Sandhill Rd do the job.
1	Terrible company... customer satisfaction is complete BS. Run the other way!
1	I was just a little upset when the company had quoted me one thing and when they came to recheck the measurements the up the price NO VERY GOOD COMPANY
1	I'm giving one star because I can't give zero. Missed appointments, forgot I was on the schedule, never called back. I'm the customer, I'm trying to pay you to fix something, you should be more on top of making sure you do what you say you're going to. Made and confirmed an appointment for Christmas Eve to get my bedroom window fixed, left work early, and even after confirming it the day before- somehow no one in the office knew who I was or what I was talking about. Here's a hint, guys- when you say you will call someone back, you need to call them back- and NOT give me the name and address of someone with the same first name as me when trying to figure out who I am, I'm sure she wouldn't be happy you were so free with her information and what she had done. They also apparently need to buy a computer, since they can't answer questions without the schedule book.
