4	This hospital isn't too bad.  I wasn't there for anything for myself, but I was there a lot over this last weekend and I didn't get sick of it or irritated with anything.The hospital is well set up with a logical set up clearly used by other hospitals, but with a "cleaner" look.Doesn't smell like a hospital. :-)  And I was fasting at the time, so my sense of smell was impeccable.Lobby is nice looking... the only thing is the elevators.  You get in them and you feel like they are going to fall apart.  They creak and groan and shriek... ick.  Nobody likes a freaky elevator.  And I used a number of them in that building.In the surgical services waiting room, they have these nice flat panel tv's to watch the news on... so much better than other waiting rooms where there is nothing.  And there was PLENTY of room so you didn't have to cram right next to someone who needs their space, or even if you need your space.I know in Banner Thunderbird, I lost my cell phone signal, but not in this one... it was excellent in there. :) Hope that doesn't come across as shallow... but when you have a loved one in there for a sudden appendectomy like the poor lady that was next to my loved one, you need that cell phone reception.The RN assigned to my family member was great.  He worked with us quite a bit... his name is Rick, so if you ever get him, he's great. :)  A few of the CNA's were great too... Charlie (who was funny as HELL), Jaime... and there was another who worked nights whom I don't remember her name. They were good.  A couple were weird... some CNA's don't know their boundaries (playfully attempting to touch the bandage where you have been stapled that same day is not a fun game) and others just don't know how to stick a fricken needle in my partner's arm less than 5 times.Other than that... they were great.  It was clean and well maintained, everything worked.I know they used to get a bad rep a few years ago, but that seems to have changed as we were not affected by anything negative.The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because nothing about it made me say "wow" either.
5	My mom was in this hospital for a hip fracture and the staff was amazing. they did everything  they could to make her comfortable. the staff really spent time with her and always had a smile. the director of nursing, Lorna, is incredible. She lead a great staff. I would wholeheartedly recommend this hospital.
4	Not bad. That's about all I can say.
3	Arrowhead has improved waiting. I've never waited any longer than 15 minutes as it seems as if the nurses have gotten nicer. I just don't like that when they put you in the chairs your so close to your "neighbor" ... Im glad why I'm here in personal I wouldn't want the world to know... It's not fun when the person next to you is here for personal reasons tho!
1	My daughter was taken to Arrowhead Hospital on 11/26/11 by the Peoria Fire Dept after passing out 2 differnt times, hitting her head, throwing up, and shaking and wetting her pants. Her nurse was so rude to her and my wife and I. Her bed side manner was so far off base. The so called P.A. that was taking care of her seemed like she did NOT care or want to take the time out to figured out what was really going on with her. I would have rather had a vet take care of my daughter then this so called P.A. who spent a total of 10 mins with her. All she did was order a number of labs to be done then after they were done she  came in said everything came back okay and said "Some people just pass out for no real reason its nothing to worry about just go home a rest." This was the first time she even saw her. She just did not want to take the time out to figure out what could be going on. Trust me I would not take a frog there for a Band-Aid.I hope this is helpful and hope you are all in good health. Brian
5	Great nurses, smart, dedicated staff.
4	Great experience for an emergency surgery. Everyone was great including Surgeon, Hospitalist, Nurses,Aides,Volunteers. I hope to stay out of the hospital, but would not hesitate to return to Arrowhead Hospital.
1	My son was taken there by his friends after breaking his wrist. He had his wrist reduced and they sent him home and told him to follow up with a doctor on Monday (his accident happened on Friday). My wife who is a nurse saw that he had an open fracture, meaning the bone had broken through the skin. She called over to the hospital she works at and the surgeon told her to bring or soon in right away, that he was at risk for infection and needed to be on IV antibiotics. We brought him in right away and he had surgery that day. Good thing we got a second opinion. I don't trust that hospital. I went to the ER there because it was close and they gave me some passion medicine for kidney stones and sent me home. When I went to my.doctor later that afternoon he admitted me to the hospital immediately with a perforated ureter. Good thing I followed up with my doctor our I would have been in real trouble. Avoid that place at all costs. I have given one star because zero stars is not an option.
4	Brought in a family member to ER, nurses were nice.  Especially Nurse Shelly....Transferred to 2nd floor North Tower and Dr.'s, nurses, aides (Marina) and staff were also great with her. Great people, great hospital...
1	Horrible experience. I was in the worst pain I have ever had in my eye and was treated like I was stupid for coming in because of "pink eye" and sent away still in pain. At one point the nurse practitioner yelled at me because i was crying and she couldn't understand me. Got eyes rolled at me and everything. The pain was making me shake and feel nauseous. Her name was Helen Hayden. It felt like she was judging me and thinking i was just looking to get pain pills. i just wanted a solution and all I got was a drop to numb my eye temporarily and a statement that i just had to live with it. Still in horrible pain i went to Urgent Care the next day. Turns out I had an abrasion across my eye and thankfully found an urgent care who was willing to look into my pain and help fix the problem.
5	We found the Emergency Room of this hospital by accident, because Your Family Physician Urgent Care would not see us and it is around the corner. I have been to maybe 10 emergency rooms in my lifetime and this is by far the BEST experience I have ever had. They were amazingly clean, accommodating,  friendly and well trained.  The had a Patient Liaison employee that checked on us every half hour, offering a warm blanket, something to drink, etc. They had cable, with Pirates of The Caribbean playing, a very large, comfortable waiting room with nice bathroom facilities and vending machines. Paperwork was a breeze. All the staff greeted us in a friendly, helpful manner. The nurse at the front desk even clean the pens, clipboards and glass after patient use!My only complaint is that it was a long wait, but that is par for the course in an ER.
5	By far the vest hospital I've ever been to! Spent about an hour in a half there with back pain. They immediately took care of me and everyone was so passionate and sweet to me! I recommend this place to anyone! I hate hospitals and try avoiding them at all cost but they sure changed my perspective!
3	Compared to other places I've had surgery, the check-in process here is a lot slower.  When you're about to have surgery, you get pretty anxious and just sitting there waiting doesn't really help, especially when you don't get called in until less than an hour before the surgery is to start.As far as everything else goes, things went pretty smoothly - what I remember of it of course.  The nurses were nice, and I felt like I was take care of.  If I had a choice, I don't think I'd come back here again but wouldn't mind it either.
5	My baby girl was delivering at this hospital..love the staffs.  The place is clean and the nurse were really helpful...the dr. That gave me the epirdural r super smooth ...the only problem is the food is bad but owell wont matter that much...
2	I had my knee surgery here back in January. That's the only reason in giving this crap hospital 2 stars.  As I sit here in Arrowhead Hospital now. I realize I will never come back here again. I came in the ER two days ago in excruciating pain. Everything was fine until I was admitted.  They had put me on an antibiotic that I think did more harm than good.  Tonight I have to say I've got the worst nurse I've ever had. I waited almost an hour and a half for pain medication.  Yes. It was due at 8pm. Didn't get it til 9:30.  Some computer problem. Ok. Understandable. But don't ignore me. Explain it. I'm in pain. I don't want to chase you for my medication.  Do your job.   Gallbladder attack.  They want to do test after test. If there's nothing wrong. Quit trying to find something wrong. Cut me loose.  I'm in an incredible amount of pain. I guess that is normal like the tests. I'd rather go somewhere else and get a second opinion.
1	I give this hospital no stars. If lil Jr. comes in to the ER with a mild cough and you show up 5 minutes later, in obvious pain and discomfort then guess what- you're going to sit and suffer while the kid who could be treated at home with a slathering of Vick's Vap-O-Rub is seen before you.The billing department is also a shit show- set up a payment plan, pay on time and then be treated to multiple phone calls claiming they're about to send your account to collections and shaking you down for the money.The best that could happen to Arrowhead Hospital would be a total evacuation of all human, canine and feline life to a minimum safe distance, followed by an expert firebombing and razing.It's the North Korea of so-called healthcare.
5	The emergency room staff was fast and efficient.  Yet they took the time to explain the heart and lung issuues clearly and more than once if needed.  They made a good transition to the icu .  I would come here again if God forbid we have another emergency.
1	I was having a debilitating amount of pain on the right side of my stomach for three days. I took ibeprofen consistently but the pain wouldn't subside. I was told by multiple people it was probably appendicitis, so after days of pain, I went to the hospital. They had no rooms when I got to the ER. I waited an hour in horrible pain to even get my info in the system, then it was almost another hour before I was in a room. The nurses and staff were very friendly so it wasn't a big deal. After that I got a cat scan done, waited another hour did the doctor to tell me I have an abnormally large cyst on my ovary. The doctor, DR. KANG, told me this and ordered an ultrasound. After a couple more hours of waiting in a lot if pain he came back, repeated I have a cyst and sent me home to "go to a gyno". Then he walked out. After HOURS he didn't even tell me how big the cyst was and gave no further information besides to take 600 mg ibeprofen. When I explained that I had already been taking 800 ibeprofen for days and that's why I came to hospital, and if prescription ibeprofen worked I wouldn't have needed to come. I was on morphine while in the ER and was still in a huge amount of pain. I explained this practically in tears and he literally repeated his sentences and refused other treatment. I started bawling from pain and frustration and he responded with "I'm not prescribing you opiates". I was COMPLETELY and utterly offended. I work 70 hour weeks and I consider myself to be responsible woman, and I can't work those hours in this kind of pain. I felt as if I was being made out as a person with a drug issue because I'm younger (24) and ibeprofen doesn't work on me. I explained how I felt and told him how I felt that he was treating me unfairly and unprofessionally. Especially by not even taking more than 30 seconds to explain what was wrong with me. He didn't even let me finish my sentence before He immediately got defensive, raised his voice, saying he told me it was a cyst and if I wanted to know the size then he would just show me the paperwork and then snapped that he would write me a different prescription and walked out. I immediately burst in to tears again. I felt as if they were just trying to get me out of the hospital without a care to my health. All he thought I cared about was getting a prescription when I was more concerned about the cyst GROWING INSIDE ME. The other staff was nice but he was very insensitive and rude the minute I stood up and told him how I felt. He treated me as an unruly 20 year old instead of a young woman in excruciating pain. I have been using arrowhead for quite some time but after today I will never go again. After six hours, $100's of my money, and still having an enormous amount of pain. I got basically no answers and felt like I was treated extremely disrespectfully.
