5	How can you not give 5 stars to a local business giving back to the community! Their philosophy is "indulge with a purpose", for every shake or smoothie purchased, they will feed a child thru Three Square. Located in the same plaza as the LVAC W. Flamingo, it makes it very convenient to refuel after a workout. They start with your choice of either vegan yogurt or fat free, then you can either create your own shake or choose from the selections on the menu. I tried the almondcado (almond milk/blueberries/avocado), it was really good. They also have shave ice.Come support the new local business!
4	SHAVE ICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Family dinner night with my brother guys and noticed For Goodness Shake on the way too Famous Dave. Since none of us has been here and know it use too be yogurt shop long time ago. We made sure left some room for dessert too check it out. Talk about making a fabulous first impression not only friendly, welcoming, and just feel the passion these local business owners. They actually have Shave Ice! I never noticed on the menu till they pointed it out plus he noticed my local motion tank top. Next thing you know talking stories about Shave Ice back in the 808. He mention Matsumoto. I am not fan of but showed me this guy knows da real kine of shave ice. The machines they were using too make the Shave Ice on point japanese style and cut of ice was spot on. They even put it in same style plastic cup get when ordering Shave Ice back home. It nice size portion too. My only problem is wish they have more flavor syrups (still nothing like back home) not just your basic strawberry, grape, etc. Also came too toppings more like no toppings so basically pretty straight forward Shave Ice. Still for just being straight forward nice knowing that they shave the ice DA RIGHT WAY! Vegas summer or Extreme Heat Warning Days nothing better then Shave Ice and BONUS not in Henderson but on the right side of town. lol My nieces ordered the Shave Ice. I did try scoop just cause its Shave Ice.I ordered one of the shakes. Strawberry shortcake shake. It was pretty good. It had nice strawberry flavor but also taste cake or just this heaviness too the shake with whatever it is they put in it. For sure I found it was a filling shake. They have lot more signature think call them shake plus another side of smoothies. Also in the middle of the menu you can come up with your own shake. My brother ordered one. Not sure what he came up with but he was happy with it! Shake and Shave Ice would say are winnahs!! If the smoothie taste anything like the other two you wont be disappointed! They have couple patio tables outside. SInce its the summer weather not exactly ideal place too kick back. Option. I like the interior design like kid family feeling too it. The menu are both electronic so easy too read. If you have questions the staff here is very informative and helpful. They checked up on us once we got Shave Ice and Shake asked how things tasted Each shake they contribute back too Three Squares. Deserves LOVE giving back too the community. Not very big place but since new should be fine. Just hope For Goodness Shake stand the test of time because with this location place has changed few times. Shave Ice count on me coming back for more....
4	finally got around to trying GS after a work out at the nearby LVAC.  Not sure how long they've been open - I assume less than a month.Nice space though the pinkish painted floor is a little strange.  Server yells out, What's shakin'" as you walk in - I asked what happens if you don't say that to the customer when they walk in, " Not sure" is the reply.Given a brief overview of the menu - of course I want a shake - did the make your own.  start with the base ( non-fat yogurt or vegan ) then add either low/non-fat milk, almond milk or other options ( including fruit juices  and then you get a mix-in ( extra mix in's $1 ) - about 50 or so to choose from.  and then a protein powder option.For some strange reason, I opt for yogurt with non-fat milk and then nutella with protein.  For medium ( 16 oz) - $6.50.  While waiting for shake kinda kicking myself for not selecting one of the 10 or so combos already selected by the shop - looks like a little cheaper, too.The shake was very good - smooth, creamy and flavorful.  I was afraid to ask what the stats were for the shake ( calories, fat, carbs etc ) - I've decided it has 100 calories, 1 gram of fat and 0 carbs !good service, taste very good, the price point might be a little on the high side.i'll returnpic included
5	I think I'm in love! If you happen to like shakes or are in need of some fuel post workout (LVAC Flamingo & 215) check this place out. There's something for everyone...fatty, guilty pleasure shakes & fantastic healthy shakes! I got the Incredible Hulk, which is kale, pineapple & banana (I added some protein powder) and it was sooooo good! The people are are incredibly friendly & they also donate to Three Square, which helps feed children in Southern Nevada. Good product, good people & a good cause...I will be back for sure!
5	If you want a good smoothie and friendly service, come here.
5	Great shaved ice and the cookie jar shake was sooo good!Very unique ingredient combinations for the milkshakes. I got the regular shaved ice with half strawberry and half cherry (If you check in you get $2 off.) My boyfriend got the milkshake, which I tried, and it was very different, yet delicious.I love the look of the place and the sparkly floors add a great touch! I hope the business succeeds and the only recommendation I would give them is maybe add a few more flavors for the shaved ice. :)
3	Cooling you and your loved ones down with a smoothie, shake or shaved ice in this trying triple digit heat and intentionally or unintentionally doing a good deed (for every smoothie or shake purchase you are helping to feed a local child in need via Three Square Food Bank) is simply way cool!Unless you have a custom craving that can only be met by your unique blend of flavors engineering, you can easily get very nice pre-formulated house combos in the shake and smoothies departments.  Probably save a buck too.  The Morning After Shake is the most unconventional, with bacon, OJ and maple syrup in the concoction.  I might order it if the bacon was baked crisp and rendered of most of its otherwise flavorful bacon grease.  This will likely appeal to the "I dare you" kids & kid at heart crowd.  Although everyone I know that was at the grand opening thought about getting this bacon shake, none actually went through and ordered it to pop their FGS cherry.Since Nutella basically goes well with just about any dessert, but was not featured in any of the existing House Designs Shakes, I was forced to "architect" my own blend with Hershey's Cookies & Cream Chocolate Bar + Nutella, with a base of non-fat yogurt and low-fat milk.  The result was okay, but not the Nutella chocolate bliss I was hoping for.  I hypothesize that the same amount of Nutella is added to a 16 oz order as the 24 oz order, thus the larger the size the more diluted the flavor.  The shake was also loose in consistency, not the thicker shake that requires you to channel your inner Dyson vacuum power to get it through the boba straw.  (Viscosity of the shake could also be affected by the huge turnout at the grand opening event.  Big line of customers that went out the door for 2 hours straight = less or insufficient amount of time for the frozen yogurt machine to semi-freeze the yogurt mixture before it was dispensed into blenders as orders came in).  Nelson Q was also at the FGS "grand opening" festivity, and ordered the Almondcado, which he said was good.  So next time I go, that will be what I will try from their Smoothie menu. I will be back to give it another try when the ordering condition is more normal.  Plus it is for a good cause!!!
3	Last night was the grand opening festivities for this new place that has been open a few weeks.  There was a DJ, the Slidin' Thru truck, face painting, a Yelp table with costume ideas, and some games for the kids of all ages.On to the reason I came.  I ordered their Nuts About Brownies shake, medium size that they call "mids."  This is one of the shakes they've designed although you can design your own.  Mine had blended brownies, Reese's, and peanut butter blended with milk.  The shake was very good but I shudder to think about the number of calories it had.  It could have used a bit more blending as the bottom ended with some large brownie pieces and some chunks of peanut butter.  All in all, it was OK.They have a menu from which you can design your own shake.  Use caution because the price and the calories can add up.This was another chance to get with some Yelp friends and enjoy some good conversation along with the refreshing drink.  I don't think I'll be a regular.  It's just too rich and sugary!
5	Best shakes ever!!!  I have decided to go down the left side of the menu and try each one.  So far my faves are the "Kid in a Candy Store" & "Make Your Bed Rock."They are super friendly and always willing to give suggestions for toppings.Make sure you visit because every shake or smoothie purchased donates a meal to THREE SQUARE food bank. Great cause and great idea!
1	Great staff, tasty treats but watch out -- the calories are murder. Too much sugar, hf corn syrup, gmo candy and cereals, yogurt is powder - not the real stuff and the fruit is not fresh, but pickled or canned instead. It is also way too pricey for such unhealthy ingredients. I would hope some healthy treats too and just plain old ice cream milkshakes.They are great people and wish them a ton of success but it is just way too unhealthy for me personally. Sorry guys I wish I could give you a better review and more stars, I was really hoping I would while anticipating the opening. :(Unfortunately; even with the good intentions of the owner - who is wonderful, the place closed down for obvious reasons. Sorry man!
4	I checked this place out last Sunday, and I think it's a great little desert place in a good location. I liked how clean the interior was, and the staff was just ridiculously friendly. I got the Cookie Jar (or Cookie Monster? Something about cookies...) milkshake. I really enjoyed it, although I would have preferred just a few more cookie crumbles, and I need to ask for whipped cream next time. Texture was good, and the taste was too, although I think I slightly prefer Steak n' Shake texture and taste. All in all, I recommended it to my vegan friends, and I'm sure I'll stop by from time to time since I'm frequently in the area.
5	My wife and I love the shakes here. We were there last night and had the "kid in a candy store". It was terrific. I hope you do more events like it. If you have a mailing list we would like to be on it. Next I am going to get the shaved ice.
2	Being there on their grand opening night, I was able to stand in line and watch them make many dozens of shakes for a good hour before coming to mine. Now it was grand opening night, so by no means will I be reviewing them for the speed of service: their line was out the door! This review will be solely on the business & its product.The store is really hip! Love the pink colors and beautiful chalk-like drawings on the walls. Those kept me occupied for a while..Watching many dozens of shakes being created, I noticed a few things..First off, each shake is totally customizable to your taste buds. Like strawberries? Oatmeal creme pie? Ho Hos or Fig Newtons? - They'll mix it in! But the amount of it that they'll blend into your shake is very very little -with a tiny splash of milk. Only a few M&Ms, half a Ding Dong for such a large shake. The rest of the shake is composed of frozen yogurt (or soft serve ice cream? Not too certain.)I had a shake with Hershey's Cookies N' Cream mixed in, while my friend got the Morning After (maple syrup, bacon, & orange juice - it was weird!) Sweetness on both was way too sweet for the both of us. I had to stop by a store before reaching home to grab some water. It's something that I'd only crave a few sips of and be done with. They were also quite runny for a shake. I'd imagine them to be more firm.Shakes are a bit pricey for me at $5-$7 a cup. They do have a very wonderful "buy one give one" thing where they donate a meal to Three Square with every shake! But I'd be happier donating to Three Square myself. But an extra star for their cause :-)
2	Way, way too sweet! I was here recently and got a chocolate shake with brownie and chocolate syrup. It was overly sweet. It tasted like I was eating chocolate flavored sugar. I love ice cream. I love shakes. I hated this milkshake. I will not be back! The people are very friendly and I had no problem there. I don't drink blizzards because they are way too sweet. This falls into the category of way too sweet. I was highly disappointed!! Also, a bit on the expensive side for a milkshake. The smallest size they have is 12oz.
2	Grand Opening Night at For Goodness ShakeSuper long line to order, super long wait for our shake.I chose the $5.99 Mids Kid in a Candy Shop  which consisted of Non-Fat Yogurt, M&Ms, Kit Kat, and Twix.  The Husband chose the $5.99 Mids Strawberry Shortstack which consisted of Non-Fat Yogurt, Pancakes, Strawberries, and Strawberry Syrup.The first thing I noticed as I watched the employee pour out the shakes was how super runny it was. In retrospect, I did see the blenders before they were blended and was faintly aware that the yogurt was in a liquid form.  Ultimately, the yogurt never had a chance to set up, get cold and freeze up a bit. The machines were not prepared to handle the crowds. The staff were basically blending a liquid base along with toppings, and not for very long I might add. We ended up throwing ours out and when I poured mine down the sink, large chunks of candy were still present. The super large straws were definitely not a match for this runny shake.  We didn't bring any canned goods with us, so we couldn't take advantage of their 50% off grand opening special. That's $12 down the drain, literally.What made this experience even worse was the fact that the Husband got sick. He was on the toilet throughout the night and morning and even tried going to work. Alas, he came home early to continue the toilet visits in the comfort of our own home. I don't think it was the yogurt that made him sick but perhaps the pancakes were what did it.  Sadly, I don't think he'll ever want to set foot back into that place again. Too bad as I love their Three Square connection of donating a meal for every shake/smoothie purchased.The grand opening was nice with music, face painting, and games and the staff were nice too.  Perhaps they should have stopped selling and just given out samples that were the right consistency.  Quality control wasn't there that evening and the employees should have spoke up when they saw how runny the yogurt/shakes were.
5	I'm not sure which I like better, the delicious shakes or the perfectly shaved shave ice. I'm also not sure what everyone is complaining about - too sweet, too much sugar, too many calories.  They're MILKSHAKES for crying out loud!  I had the Dark Chocolate Diva and it was decadent.  I also tried the shave ice, lemon flavored, and the consistency of the ice was like nothing I've ever tried. It was light and fluffy; it melted instantly in my mouth, so refreshing.  Next time I'm trying the almond-cado.  Plus, for every drink you buy, they buy a meal through Threesquare. It doesn't get better than that.
5	A very unique and cool idea for a shake/smoothie restaurant. Giving back to 3 square food bank in the process to help feed starving people is a tremendous bonus and an awesome reason to frequent this place. Now as far as the shakes, and smoothies and shaved ice goes, well they are dope. You can also create your own shake if you're not feeling their signature designs. They have a plethora of toppings you can add and mix in to create your very own unique combinations. The place is decorated with great color and chalk art, the staff are a very happy and helpful and I love their signature line "What's Shakin" :). The owner Manny is very present and passionate about his place, concept, staff, guest , product and it the business as a whole. Kudos to a business that wants to give back to the needy and at the same time putting smiles on their customers faces 1 shake at a time.
3	The name was kind of misleading since I thought this shop would be making low calorie shakes. I don't know maybe its just me. I was looking for something to drink with my lunch post gym. When you walk in there's three sections: a thats-a-meal kind of shakes, build it yourself, and  lighter shakes (fruit flavors). I opted for the lighter section and chose a peach shake. It was yummy (albeit a bit too sweet for me) but these are milkshakes not Smoothies!!! For some reason it was stuck in my mind I would be getting something more like a smoothie. Oops. I would go back to see how their creamy flavors stack up, but I won't be back If I'm looking for a drink after my work out.
5	Friendly staff, great product and a neat interior makes up whats so awesome about For Goodness Shake.  Every shake I have gotten here so far has been top notch.  I have met many of the employees and each of them have been very kind and helpful.  There is a wide selection of choices and the menu with a specialty sections have so many to choose from.  I for one enjoy the smoothie side of it.  Once ordered they make it right away.  Within minutes the tasty treat is done and ready to enjoy.(compared to trop. smoothie which takes them about 20 min to get a smoothie done)  They take special care of each drink and customer and that's why  I keep coming back.  I know there is alot of competition in the area, from tropical smoothie and others.  This is the one place to keep coming back to.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! I come here after the gym on Saturday nights. I love how they are opened really late. I can't speak for the milkshakes as I only order from the smoothie side. With that being said...the almondcado is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good! I read reviews prior and thought almondcado sounded really weird...but I do like to try things that are popular. When i tasted it i was floored and immediately sold! Now I can't stop getting it. It's become a weekly treat for myself and to make it even better they have the rewards program when you check in. Yay!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can't wait to go back!
5	I had a very enjoyable experience here. I had been looking for a really great shake place near my house and these guys did not disappoint. First thing that instantly drew me in was the music. Classic 50's era music of which I am a huge fan gave the place a great atmosphere. All the guys there were super friendly and welcoming, greeting me with, "What's Shakin'?" I laughed. I had there Nuts About Brownies shake and it was everything I was looking for in a shake. Great peanut butter and chocolate flavor with chunks of brownie. It was awesome. Manny and Justin were great. Their customer service was top notch. I will definitely be coming back.
4	For Goodness Shake is a new dessert shop located on Flamingo and 215. Their mission statement is to ,"Indulge with a purpose". They're also working with three sq...For every shake or smoothie purchased, a child gets a meal through Three Square Food Bank, a great way to help the less fortunate in our community. It's a good reminder to the community that we all have a social responsibility to give back.They are located right by the gym which might not be the best location for them. Their shakes are very sweet and probably not the healthiest thing you should choose to have after killing yourself at the gym. I got the Almondcado because it comes with Almond milk (I'm lactose intolerant). The milkshake was extremely sweet but good for what it was supposed to be...FG Shake serves milkshakes...not smoothies. This is not the place to go if you are looking for a healthy after the gym smoothie. The concept is fun and modern...very kid friendly. I probably won't be back much just because I'm not a fan of milkshakes.
4	The prices are very reasonable. And the shakes are delicious. They have some guilty pleasures, and they have healthy smoothies too. A good afternoon snack.
5	I love shakes/smoothies and pretty much all beverages so I had to give this place a try the moment I saw it. The staff is super friendly and was very helpful in advising me on what to try based on my preferences. I decided on the Almondcado which is almond milk, avocado and blueberries and it could not have been more delicious!To add onto my excitement of my visit to GS, I found out that they donate to Three Square for every beverage purchased. 6 dollars = me happy with a beverage and a child in need receiving a meal....perfection! Visit this place immediately!
3	I have been searching for a great milkshake in vegas. Stopped by here and found a great selection of flavors and very friendly service. Shakes are not made with ice cream but more if a super sweet custard/yogurt (not like the frozen yogurt places).  I didn't know prior to going into the store it wasn't ice cream and wouldn't have gone had known.
4	I love that I can buy treats for myself and help hungry children!  Whenever you purchase a smoothie or shake a child gets a meal through Three Square. I think it is a wonderful thing when the community gives back. I tried their Almondcado because I don't see this combination anywhere so I wanted to give it a try. It was pretty good! My favorite though was the "Kid in the Candy Shop". It has some of my favorite childhood candy in it like M&Ms , Kit Kat  and Twix. Who am I kidding if someone would offer me one of these candies as a adult  I wouldn't turn it down even though I should lol. The shake is thick and very sweet. I personally have to get a bottle of water like I do with super sweet things and wash it down. It's a nice treat every once in a while. The atmosphere is cute and makes me feel like I'm a kid again. Instead of a blah Thrifty's ice cream counter (don't get me wrong ...love their ice cream)  I'm in a room full of chalk art and goodies! Help a child out and indulge yourself ...I recommend it!
