5	I heart Sky Harbor Airport Parking...Of course, it's always nice to find a ride to or from the airport but when you're all out of favors and you have only yourself to rely on, it comes down to driving yourself or getting a taxi.  Sky Harbor Parking to the rescue.  For $8 a day or cheaper if you print the coupons from their website, the folks at Sky Harbor Parking make it easy to drop your car and get to your gate in no time... and I've used them a handful of times solo and with the BF so I know it's door-to-door consistent service.  If you are interested in covered parking, call ahead, but otherwise, just drive over to Washington and 40th and they will take care of you from there.  Also, I recommend calling from the airport once you have your bags and they are always good about picking you up within minutes to take you back to your car.I hope you'll find Sky Harbor Airport Parking as useful and convenient as I do... safe travels!
1	Totally shady operation.SHAP puts coupons in the mail for cheap parking with free shuttle. No mention of hidden fees or surcharges. None.Parking at Sky Harbor is cheaper, is on site at the airport, has more frequent shuttles, is far, far quicker and has no hidden fees. SHAP= $8.50 / Sky Harbor=$8.00Upon returning from your trip and leaving the parking lot, you are greeted with a huge sign indicating a "fuel fee" for their "FREE" shuttle. It's only 3 bucks or something like that.  But really, it doesn't matter if it's 3 or 300 dollars.  All that matters is that they intentionally try to mislead people.  And when you complain, they point to a sign (mentioning the fuel charge) at the entrance.  However, conveniently, the entrance sign is poorly lit and about 1/10 the size of the sign at the exit. Very easy to miss. Especially at night. All five cars in front of us complained about the fee (we watched the SHAP employee point out the fuel fee sign to every single person)If you like supporting businesses that are run by shady schmucks, feel free to donate to SHAP.P.S. The coupon we used was a coupon issued by Sky Harbor Airport Parking, not a competitor, as Jason from SHAP suggested.  The coupon did NOT stipulate a fuel surcharge. And while the parking lot may be lit, the fuel fee sign at the entrance is not. Regardless, how does SHAP reconcile charging money for a shuttle that they advertise, in bold, as "FREE 24-hour shuttle service"?! It's not FREE if you have to pay for it, SHAPtards.Still a 100% shady company, Still stand by my review 100%.
4	Thanks to Yelp I was able to read they charge extra for the gas before freaking out on the people at the fron on my way out. The staff was extreemly helpful and even told me there was one open spot close to the front. They were there ready to pick me up before I had my trunk open. The ride was smooth and direct. As long as the car is there when I return this place rocks!
4	I miss the days where I expensed the airport's short-term parking lot to the company. At $24/day, it's not something I could personally afford! Phx Sky Harbor Airport Parking is a great substitute. The shuttle drivers are usually always friendly, quick and helpful. I have yet to come across any problems. I always call once I'm ready to be picked up so I never wait too long. A lot of flight attendants and pilots park here too so they're usually on the shuttle sharing a juicy story or two. ;-) For those of you in the military, ask about the (non-published) military discount. $4.50/day. Can't beat it!!!!
4	Yes, there is a surprise $1.50 fuel surcharge. bleh! I would have appreciated knowing that ahead of time. Also, if you go to the website and print out the coupon, you can park for $6.50 per day. Before my outbound flight, I arrived at the lot early because I really didn't want to suffer from slow service. I needn't have worried, parking was easy, and the shuttle was ready to take me when I got out of the car.  The drive was fast, as they are close to the airport.I was worried about getting swindled out of my coupon somehow, but back in PHX, arriving at the blue diamond at 11:55 PM, I didn't really care anymore due to general travel fatigue. Still, I had my parking tickets and my coupon in-hand.  All the other parking shuttles whizzed by me and another person for several minutes, so I called the phone number listed on the ticket, telling the guy that I had been waiting. He apologized and said he would send someone right over.  About ten seconds later, our shuttle arrived. The driver was apologetic with some kind of reasonable excuse, and we were quickly delivered to the lot. I was impressed that the driver, after placing my bags in my car for me, actually waited until my car started before getting back in the shuttle. I pulled up to the window, not really feeling like I had any fight in me after a 5 hr flight full of screaming toddlers, but I gave the coupon a try. It worked!  Yeah, there was a $1.50 surcharge. Fine. My car was safe after being there for a week. No hassles!
3	I've been parking at this lot for years now, maybe 12 or so.  I travel a lot with my work.  Only way to get covered parking anymore is to reserve it online.  Whoops!.  Reserving it online costs you an additional $5 bucks service charge.. Nobody said anything about that did they.  It shows up when you're inputting your CC to pay for the reservation.  That bites...
4	Always hoping that the feedback we do here as well as the feedback I'm pretty fearless about giving in person at the places I frequent serves a purpose, I'm happy to report this:  Got a response to my dissatisfaction with Sky Harbor Airport parking which I've use for over 10 years now.  It's been getting harder and harder to get covered parking for my chariot. And haven't been too happy about that $1.50 a day surcharge they implemented when gas got to almost 4 bucks a gallon, but never removed when prices returned to normal.  Guess they've just been pocketing that.Someone saw my review and wrote me.  Turns out her sister works there and she told her sister I would be calling and gave me sis' contact info.  I called sis and she was masterful at addressing my concerns and treating me as a valuable customer. I got off the phone really satisfied that I want to keep doing business with them.  After all me and half their drivers are on a first face basis (not first name).  And they've been very consistent in servicing the terminals and getting me back and forth to my car stuck in their lot once again while I go out and save the world.  Muchas gracias to both sisters!
4	I just can't stomach the $25/day rates at the Sky Harbor garage and I have had 2 bad experiences with the economy lot.Hence, I gave these folks a try. It seems to be a pretty straightforward operation.I did get a driver who had the gift of gab. He produced relentless banter from the time I got in until the time I got out.  He was still going after he pulled away. Boundless, ceaseless, constant.I'm certain he is still going.Without interruption. Relentless.  Unending.  Tireless.Non stop. A human perpetual motion machine of small talk.
5	Hi, my name is Georgeann and I'm an iPhone addict. I twitter, I foursquare, I tumbl, I angry bird, I words with friends, I basically have every single addiction you can possible have contained in that little device. If there was an app for "Smoking Crack", I'd probably pick that habit up too.But, as much as I love it, I can also be pretty irresponsible with taking care of my beloved little phone treasure. I never fully charge it, drop it constantly, and once spilled an entire pint of Newcastle INTO my purse, soaking my phone AND wasting a beer. That was a sad night. Another thing I pretty much consistently do is leave my phone random places, such as bars, cabs, bathrooms, and now, Sky Harbor Airport Parking Shuttles. Luckily, the people at Sky Harbor Airport Parking are awesome and I was able to recover my phone as soon as I realized it was missing, which any iPhone addict knows would take them six and a half minutes, tops.  I flipped a bitch, passing my driver on the way, he gave me the thumbs up and I knew my precious was waiting safely for me in their front booth.  And it was!Any place that helps with the recovery of my phone deserves 5 stars (see my update of The Vig for proof), but this company would have probably received 5 for me, or at least a rounded-up 4.5, regardless.  They're easy to find (just past the railroad tracks on 40th street), always have room on the lot, and quickly pick you up both from your car and from the airport. I've never had to call them after landing, it's never even occurred to me, and I think I've waited for a maximum of 10 minutes. The drivers are really friendly, and the prices are the best I've seen, especially if you download the coupon from their website that gets you $6.50/day uncovered. For a weekend trip, that's cheaper than a cab and way less awkward than being that annoying friend who is always asking for rides to the airport. Plus, if you're a huge flake like me who can't keep her belongings on her person for more than 6 hours at a time, there's a good chance you'll get your stuff back. Five stars!
4	I've parked here at least 70 times.  Always reliable, except for one stormy day when the place was flooded..Go to the web site and get the $6.50 coupon.  I like to print a few extras and hand them out on the bus..
2	I have been parking here loyally for several years but the last two times have prompted me to look elsewhere. The location is somewhat good but stinks if you get stuck behind the train since it is just south of the train tracks. The shuttle are fairly frequent and prices reasonable. What has really rubbed me the wrong way is the service. Okay, maybe just one particular driver. The second to last time we used this place, it just so happened that the driver that dropped us off at the airport wrote down the wrong place. When we were taken back to the parking lot, the driver kept arguing with me and saying my location was wrong. It was to the point, he was almost ridiculing me in front of the other passengers. When we finally located my car, I showed him the ticket where the location was written. His response was that the original driver was an idiot for writing down the wrong location. No apology to me for his behavior. We used Sky Harbor during Christmas and we got the SAME driver again after being picked up and taken back to the lot. Turns out his behavior was the same and this time I watched it exhibited towards other passengers in addition to myself. My husband thought it might have been his sense of humor but yelling at other drivers in the parking lot is unacceptable. Besides this idiot's behavior, during the holiday, Sky Harbor Parking had cars parked in front and behind vehicles in middle rows. There were three couples who were blocked in when dropped off. I couldn't believe it. Who wants to deal with that when traveling all day? Thankfully, it didn't happen to us, because I would have blown a fuse after dealing with the driver. I might try out Pre-Flight who has a frequent driver program. Hopefully, their customer service is better...
4	Been parking here at least 10 times; fast, affordable and safe.  Use your smartphone and YELP app to access the super check-in discount.While it didn't happen this time, at Christmas they were especially full, so don't be surprised at that time of year and make reservations (yes, make reservations at a parking lot)
4	This is a stand-up operation.  Be sure to ask for Paris.  She's the best employee there.
1	Don't park here. My car was broken into and some items were stolen. With all the people and shuttles going around and monitoring the lot, this still happened. I'm very unsatisfied.
1	This place is below par. The cashiers are to busy to take care of customers because they're on their cell phones alot Left several message for the manager "Patricia" she never call back so you know where she is as for customer service. The only people who seem to care are the van drivers but they have problems with the staff and under man.And when does rain you have to be careful where you park due to flooding in the lot.So lets see 4 days p/week  X $ 7.00 p/day=  $ 28.00 X 52 weeks=$ 1456.00 X my 3 people $ 4368.00 P/Yr. Well Patricia that is what you are losing as of this week. My people and I are moving to another lot.
4	my fav  thing about this place  compared to other airports i have visited is when picking someone up they never kick you out and ask you to keep moving... literally can wait as long as necessary by the pickup curb....im a chick who is all about convenience!
4	Priced right & yelp got coupons...with that said, parking space was a little tight for larger car or suv. Also, getting out of the Terminal 3 parking lot was a little scaring as the one way sign was off and almost went backward. Yikes!
3	I have been using this company easily for 15 years, before they changed to the current company name (sold I think).  I travel probably 6-8 times a year these days, but used to be much more frequently.  They give discount for AAA, which is good--makes it same as most coupones.  BUT finally, I am changing.  Some drivers are good, some drive too fast and agressively, and it's hit and miss what kind of service you get.    Generally, the pickup is fast at the lot and at the airport.  I do not like the reservation system for covered parking--it should be first come, first served--this is my final frosting on the cake.  I am changing and trying a different company today when I travel.  Too many times not so great service.
4	Has the feel of your regular neighborhood airport parking service.  The lot isn't much to look at, but it always has a space for my car. The drivers are regular Joes who portage your bags and appreciate tips.  They drive you from your car to the automatic sliding doors of the airport, which is even more convenient than parking at the airport as you have to walk from your parking spot to the elevators, and cheaper.  There's always a deal.  In fact, the attendants force you to take a deal if you forget to print a coupon.  Your AAA card will always work in a pinch.  The Yelp deal is good too.  The buses are distinctive and easy to find as long as you don't confuse them with the airport's shuttle.  Make sure to read your ticket and go to the right side of the terminal.  I keep going back because Sky Harbor Airport Parking is quick and reliable.And during the holidays, you may get lucky and board the Christmas van.  It is decked out with more decorations than your average neighborhood.  And the driver will tell you the story of the candy cane on the way.
1	I was lured to this place by their website - what a mistake.   Here's why.The website says "access from all freeways" and "close to the airport".   In reality this place is a couple miles off any freeway and tucked back in a sketchy industrial area.  It may be close to the runway but that doesn't matter because the route the shuttles have to take to actually go to the airport is probably a further drive than from any of the other lots. The website says "security fenced".  Yes - there is an old chain link fence, and it's falling down!  Literally - falling down in places.  I am not joking when I say it would be super easy for almost anyone to jump over it in places - and I wouldn't be surprised if this happens considering the sketchy area.The website says "asphalt surface with wider isles and stalls".  Yes - there is asphalt, which was probably laid 20 years ago, has never been maintained and is a mine field of potholes.  Wider isles and stalls is not even a joke, it's just a lie.  In fact, some of the isles are barely wide enough for one car and the spaces seem like compact spaces.What they also don't tell you on the website is the vans are old, the whole place is old, and sometimes you can get stuck behind a train (yes...stuck behind a train) when the shuttle is taking you to the airport.Needless to say, I won't be back
2	Cheap but that's it.  Buses do not run as frequent as other lots
1	My mom was going to be coming back from the airport at a time I was unavailable to pick her up. We decided what made the most economical sense was to drop her car off at an airport parking lot for her to pick up the next day instead of spending a lot of money for a week of parking or a super shuttle to her house. So I found a coupon for this parking lot where we have parked many times in the past for $6.50/day with a free shuttle from the airport. When she picked up the car the next day she gave the ticket to the attendant which is supposed to tell them what to charge based on how long you have been there. The car was there for less than 24 hours. When the attendant first rang up the ticket there must have been a prior ticket still in the system because she told my mom her total was $23.50. What?!? My mom told her it had been there less than 24 hours and that she gave her a coupon for $6.50. So the attendant corrected it and told my mom that her total is $9.50. When my mom asked about the difference between $6.50 and her total she was told that it was a $3.00 fuel and service charge. This "fuel and service charge" is ridiculous. The coupon says $6.50 per day. Said nothing about additional fees may apply. Also advertised "free shuttle". So clearly the shuttle is not "free" if this fuel and service charge applies. When I dropped the car off I was not told about any additional fees either. $3.00 is not a huge amount but I went here specifically because of the coupon. If I had known other fees would be added on top of the price I would have found her cheaper pricing elsewhere. I will not be returning here for my airport parking needs in the future if they tack on unannounced "fees" at the end. The attendant was very rude to my mom when she questioned the fee and the attitude was pretty much...if you want your car back pay it...
1	Stupid me for not reading prior reviews before going to this place.  Learned my lesson.  If I would have read the reviews I would have learned about the $3.00 "fuel fee".  But, I'll get to that in a minute.Before I rant about the fuel fee, I'll say first - as a gal who has a certain expectation of "nice and clean" for me and my ride, this place doesn't cut it.  Not even close in fact.  On that alone, this place wouldn't have me a second time as a customer.But, the thing that makes me fume is the $3.00 "fuel  fee".  I didn't see any mention of a "fuel fee" on their website (however - yes - it is written on the coupon, and next time I will be sure to pull out my electron microscope to make sure I catch the very very very fine print).  Why did I think there wasn't a fuel fee (besides the fact I don't own an electron microscope?), because their website goes out of its way to say "FREE 24 hour shuttle service".   The website not only says it, but it is listed first on their list of attributes.  It is not only listed first but the word FREE is in all caps!  Like, you would actually think it's FREE right?  Because it says so - on the website - first on the list - in all caps.  But no - not quite free - because there's actually a $3.00 fuel fee (which equates to almost another 50% on top of their daily rate).  So...actually...in my book...NOT...FREE.  Kind of like saying my plane ticket is free, but all I have to do is pay for the jet fuel before I can get off the plane.Ridiculous.Maybe the owner is laughing all the way to the bank because, like I said, it is written in microscopic print on their coupon.  For me, I'll be laughing all the way to another parking lot.
1	Facility: Fairly dirty parking facility, and covered parking only covers approximately 2/3 of the car so the back end is hanging out. And that's with my little Jetta. It's fairly obvious that their shuttles are purchased used and very well worn from one of the more reputable companies- mine had bare wood flooring showing instead of rubber.Service: Provided incorrect pick up location info for our return trip. Shuttle driver was rude - the passengers in the shuttle were smiling and laughing because they couldn't believe his behavior was actually happening. Just taking the shuttle to and from the airport terminal and back to my car was awkward at best.I would definitely recommend against using the service in favor of just about any competitor in the area.
1	We had an awful experience here where we were accused of driving by and scratching their "brand new" shuttle. We used to go here all the time and would recommend this place because they are fairly cheap and close to the airport. But after meeting with all their management from this incident and wasting an hour of our time for a false accusation, we would never go back. The police even got involved and said that there was absolutely no way we could have physically scratched their shuttle. Management was not accomodating or apologetic at all for wasting our time. I only feel that this is necessary to say is because I really hope that they do not victimize another innocent person just so that the shuttle driver does not have to take money out of their own paycheck for scratches.
3	Mention "YEL.001" to receive the $6.00 per day and one time service fee of $2.50
4	Clean and security was very friendly with a baby
2	EDIT:This is NO LONGER my spot. LoveD the discount coupon that pops up when you check in on Yelp, BUT it's not worth the trouble of trying to figure out which van is going to pick you up and being rudely told a van with Sky Harbor Parking written on the side is not going to the lot where my car is. The shuttle is fast and timely on the trip to the airport, so I'll keep 2 stars.
4	On more than one occassion I have had to park here. It is not a bad price, but now I see they have coupons, and I am going to have to start getting those.We are all into not spending too much $4 lately. Well, at least this week, hee hee. Anyway,  had cut my time short on my last trip. So I did not think that I would be able to make my check in time for my flight. But, I got there parked ,got to level 3 and thru security with time to spare.Great I know~!Fast ,quick and easy. I just need to get those coupons and fast.
2	I bought a groupon for this as $14.99 for three days of parking isn't a bad price. Upon pulling up to the lot, I can see why the parking is inexpensive. I was a little uneasy about leaving my car here as it didn't really seem that secure. I mean, someone could easily just walk right in and vandalize your car. I guess I'd rather pay a little bit more for peace of mind. Anyway, upon arriving back to my car from my trip, I encountered a very unprofessional driver. He asked what row I was parked in, which I responded "2." Upon arriving back to the lot he told me to just holler when I saw my car. When I saw it I said three times very loudly that I saw my car. He wound up driving past it and dropping off another family that was on the shuttle with me. He then asked me where my car was and I told him that we passed it. He then decided to lecture me about speaking up. I didn't appreciate that since I spoke up three times. Maybe someone should lecture him about listening. Next time I take a trip I'm going to try the Blue Sky airport parking. It's a little further away but looks way nicer and more secure.
1	I've used this place for the past 2.5 years, about once a month. The service has gotten absolutely terrible. As I type this I've been waiting at terminal 3 for a shuttle for about 25 minutes, and it's 115 degrees outside. Every other parking facilities shuttle has been by 2-3 times. I even have a discount card that gives me $2 off per day but I'd rather pay more at other facilities. Every time I call the office to let them know I've been waiting I get someone that has an attitude problem.I also noticed that there are a couple photos  that have a very pretty girl that "works" for the shuttle service. Every employee I've ever seen looks as if they just got out of prison.
1	This mornings experience was horrible. I pulled and the lady was on the phone. She asked that I push the button. I reversed my vehicle to do so. I pushed the button, drove fwd back to her and she asked me for a ticket. I stated it didn't provide one and then she said to reverse again and push the button again. So, I did so and the machine said out of order. Then while on the phone age screamed something about aisle 3. I drove off, parked and once I parked the driver asked if I was auth to park in the covered parking. Horrible service! I didn't mind paying extra..but if the lady was doing her job, I would have known that. Never returning back to this dump!
4	Ok, ok....perhaps my first review was a little harsh. I should not have taken a star away because their security didn't seem secure. My car, after all, was not broken into and I have, since writing this review, reviewed some police reports to see if this place has an unusually high theft rate...and it doesn't. Upon writing this review, management from this company contacted me, which I really appreciate. It shows that they care about their business and care about their reviews on Yelp and what their customers have to say. It also shows that my business is valued and I truly appreciate that. I am willing to give this business another try next time I travel out of town.
3	It's standard.
2	We shopped around online to see what options were available for off site parking for our trip and this place seemed like it would be a decent spot.  We booked a covered parking spot online and printed our reservation.  Driving in we asked the attendant in the front booth about the reservation and she said to "park anywhere that was open," so we explained that we had paid for covered parking and she said to just go ahead.  So we drove over to the covered area and picked a spot.  The shuttle bus driver was nice enough to swing by and pick us up as we were walking down with our stuff to the pick up area.  He asked us where we parked and we showed him.  He then explained that we would need to put a special pass on the dash to show we paid for covered parking - which the front attendant should have given us.  He helped us to secure that ticket and we were dropped at the airport shortly after.The way back to the car was a disaster.  We approached the shuttle in the designated area, and it was already full, but the driver let us know that another was on its way in 2 minutes. The next driver passes us right on by and goes about ten car lengths up to another area completely - obviously they don't communicate where they left people standing when one bus leaves people.  One of the gentlemen standing next to us went down to the driver to explain we were all waiting at the other end, so the driver made the loop (add another 7-10 minutes for that to happen).  We make it to the lot and the driver assumed we were all together, so he drives the four of us back to the end of the lot and asks my fiancee to start unloading the other people's stuff, which we had already told him when he asked us to load it at the airport, that it wasn't our stuff.  So, we explained again that we were not together, so he said "Oh, well I would have dropped you up front where your car was if I had known."  We had already told him at least twice, but he hadn't listened.Finally, he drops us at our car 45 minutes after we arrived at that first shuttle bus back at the airport.  To add to the wait, we drove up to the attendant at the booth to leave, and she ignored us for a solid 5 minutes while she texted on her phone.  When she did open the window all she said was "ticket" and then after a second or two "your total is $___" without any other words.  Not the friendliest person ever.Overall: C-We have another trip coming up and I doubt we will reuse this service. The first shuttle driver was the only saving grace here.
4	Simple and easy to use. If you've never used an off-site airport parking facility, don't harbor the erroneous notion that they are less convenient. You get dropped off right in front of your terminal minutes after you leave the lot and your car is in a secure location less than 2 miles from the airport. When you return to Phoenix, it's just as easy to spot one of their shuttles to return to your car. I have used Sky Harbor Airport Parking several times, and paid between $6-7 per day for uncovered parking versus $9 at the airport lots.
5	Groupon is what introduced me to this place. I actually use Airport Parking services regularly. I have happen to use a competitor for many years but decided to take advantage of this 3 day parking deal which I am glad I did. I have to say I was extremely impressed over all. The first thing I like about this place is they are close to the airport. The second thing I like is that everyone is super friendly. I could not believe how nice all of the staff was. Especially my driver Tim who picked me up at around Midnight and still had a smile on his face. He was patient with antsy tired flyer's who wanted to get home. Matter of fact he had so much patience with everyone he came into contact with. The third thing I like is how organized the staff operates. From telling me where to park, giving me a parking ticket to remind me of my spot and the checkout process. I was in and out in a timely manner. I am proud to say this is my new parking spot moving forward.
5	I've parked here on three separate trips. The parking here is super inexpensive ($6 per day if you check in on yelp and redeem the offer that pops up).  The shuttles run frequently and all of the drivers I've ever had were extremely friendly and efficient.  Not much else you can ask for in off-site airport parking!
1	The worst run airport parking service I have ever used.  I arrived at the pick up spot and waited almost 20 minutes for a shuttle to pick me up.  When it arrived it was completely full and the driver said another will be along soon. So about another 15 minutes later two more full shuttles arrive and tell me they are full as well. The driver actually told me I should get a cab. Being a part of Uber I just called a car to take me to the lot. Here is the best part. They claim their lot is secure. When I was dropped off in front I just walked by the the attendant while he was on his phone.  So naturally I was late because of this organization and they had nerve to try to charge me a late fee since I arrived an hour after my check out time. Never again will use this lot or recommend it to anyone. Pay the little extra and get better service.
5	These guys are great. They are friendly, always help with your bags and super efficient. You park and within 2 minutes they're at your car ready to help you. I found them on yelp and if you use the check in offer it's only $6 a day which is cheaper than most places. Once in the clean shuttle you're 3 minutes from sky harbor. Highly recommended!
5	I love Blue Sky!! The facility is always easy to get to from the freeway and the staff is always respectful and helpful.  I know my car is safe because it is gated and under tight security while I'm gone. They are always quick to get me to the airport for my flight!!
2	They wouldn't honor a coupon for coveted parking at $7.25 a day that they send out in a mailer. The girl at the gate was not at all friendly and said that I had to have a reservation to park in a covered spot. It does not say that anywhere on the coupon
5	Great service! We've been using Sky Harbor Airport Parking for the past couple of years and have never had any issues. They have always been prompt and courteous.
1	Wasn't told that if I made an online reservation I couldn't use groupon. Who wouldn't make a reservation for the busy Thanksgiving weekend. The rude clerk scanned the Groupon so it shows it as rrdeemed, but I didn't get the price advantage offered by the groupon. Called to speak with the customer service dept. What a joke. Called the parking lot manager. Another joke. I have used this business before, but NEVER AGAIN!!!
3	They are saying they are the largest parking lot off site the airport. But it's a really small place. The time I went there, they didn't have a space for me, so I have to park at the driveway. The shuttle at the terminal 4 was very confusing. I have to say it's my bad that I didn't and before I left the parking lot. But even I asked people working at the terminal didn't know. It took me 30 minutes to figure it out and I did call to ask. The good thing is they have shuttle running around, so don't need wait too long. (Maybe 5-10 minutes)
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this business in the past because I have been using them since 2010 when I moved here to AZ. Let me be Crystal Clear here......there are SEVERAL locations for Airport Parking around the Airport but NONE of them can BEAT THE PRICES you will find here. I use to be able to park here for $4.50 a day because I got some great coupons from an employee of mine when I moved here. They took them for awhile but earlier this year they announced they wouldn't be taking any coupons that had been "reprinted" because they indeed allow you to do that in the past. They then changed the policy a few months ago stating "they would not take any coupons printed before 2008".Now as of a couple of months ago they posted a sign saying" they will charge a $5.25 rate for any coupons" that fall into that 2008 window I mentioned. So what does all of this mean well let me break it down for you:Currently the rates are $7.25 to $8 bucks or so depending on covered or uncovered parking.If you have an old "ORIGINAL" coupon say worth $4.50 or $5 bucks etc.....dated earlier than 2008 bring it anyway and you will be charged only 5.25.No reprinted copies will be taken at all and there is also a $5.00 a day "CHECK IN" deal for those of you who actually use YELP!!!!!!They offer a free shuttle which will come an pick you up at your car......friendly drivers......and they give you a card to keep so you will remember what location you parked in. So to conclude and to reiterate......if your going to use Airport Parking for Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport there is no other parking facility you should be looking around for. This is your location......PERIOD. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
1	I'll keep it short and sweet.- Overfilling parking lot. Good luck finding a stop to park your car. You may have to park on one of the alleys and hope that you won't find your car scratched/dented when you get back.- as you wait for a good 20 minutes or longer for a shuttle to get picked up from the terminal you'll watch 2-3 shuttles from other PHX parking lots pass. - pretty rude staff at the booth. Slow checkout.Bottom line: spend a few cents more and park somewhere else.
