4	A fresh open light and airy appearance to the shop helps one wake up in the morning, and Donutsville has just that.  For me, the location is great, nothing too close like it, so it may become a regular stop (much to the chagrin of my wife).Good donuts, good service, full coffee service are all pluses.Things are a little askew right now as they just opened, but I will give them some time to straighten things out.
4	An awesome local bakery is exactly what 83rd and Beardsley needed. I prefer savory, so I tried the jalepeno kolache yesterday and it was awesome. That's probably why they were out today, so the young folks behind the counter told me to try the chicken mushroom filled croissant and it was also bomb. Washed it down with with tasty tropical tea. I get on 101 at Beardsley, so Donutsville is also on the way to work. And, they have a drive-through window... so that pretty much means I won't be eating cereal bars for breakfast anymore, lol. I'll update when I try more goodies.
5	Excellent!! I got the vanilla bean frap.... Exactly like Starbucks if not better. Have to try blueberry cake donuts!
5	YES! WE SO NEED THIS! the west side of town is sadly devoid of many things....good restaurants, good shopping, things to do in general. I am so excited this place opened. We gave it a try and everything is SO GOOD. The coffee is fresh and super tasty. The inside of the place is bright and open, many places to sit. The doughnuts are heavenly. Super fresh and delicious. The old fashioned blueberry doughnuts may be one of my favorite things ever! The apple fritters are filled with hunks of apple and are SO DELICIOUS They have a huge variety of fresh croissants that are just heavenly...flakey, buttery and perfect. They even have cronuts! Everything here is far above grocery store or Dunkin Doughnut quality. Employees are very friendly. We have found our Sunday morning breakfast spot!!! Let's keep this place open north west valley peeps!!!
5	We had our 1st experience with this new donut joint. We had the blueberry, buttermilk bars(1 glazed 1 plain), Nutella cronut, apple fritter, plain croissant, and chicken/mushroom croissant and a vanilla nut roast coffee. The cronut, our 1st, was delicious! The bars and fritters were as good as we have ever tasted. The croissants are perfect! If you like the basic donut chains then you will love this place, a definite up grade! The coffee is fresh and much better than Starbucks. The blueberry donut must be made with real blueberries. This is a must try if you love donuts, croissants, and everything delicious!
4	My husband just picked up a dozen donuts for breakfast. A little pricy ($15 because of the specialty donuts) but so worth every penny. The maple bacon donut is something I wouldn't usually try, but I'm so glad I did. All the donuts are good, fresh and soft. Will definitely be back.
4	Excellent. Much better than the chains. Coffee is good, free wifi as it should be. The donuts are fluffy, not dense--the glaze is just right. A little disorganized, but I think they just opened a week or two ago.  A dozen of these little artery cloggers sent the workplace into a sugar and fat induced Fight Club over the last half of a squished jelly donut. My trainer is now eyeballing a new Audi ;0)
5	BEST DONUTS EVER!! Wow! I didn't expect much of this place as it was going up but I decided to try them......and now my diet is in jeopardy! Their donuts at made fresh throughout the day. They're never frozen so they're light and fresh. They make you want more because of it! Haha...that's no bueno! They have raised donuts, cake donuts, twists, crullers, fritters, croissants and muffins. They're also big on their coffee/espresso selections.  The owner is also the nicest person giving you extra incentive to swing by. On the negative side, there's two registers and no flow. The line was all over the place and service was slow. But the wait was definitely worth it!They also have a drive-thru! Uh oh....there goes my diet!!
4	For the west valley, this was a solid 4 stars. Donuts were fresh & flavorful. My major complaint was the lack of signage when you walk in about ordering. You just kinda walk in & wait until someone calls you over. It was confusing. It may just be because it's still so new & they are working out the kinks. Loved their big coffee selection. They also have a drive-thru window!
4	So I've been back a few times....today I had dropped by in the morning and picked up 2 jalapeno kolaches, one for breakfast and one for lunch.The cake donuts are also great--if you like coconut, get that one 'cause its tasty and unique. The almond croissants are probably my favorite of the pastries. The croissant part is perfectly flaky, tastes like its made with yeast. The almond paste is to die for. Yum.The coffee here is also above-average. Do yourself a favor and skip Dunkin, 'cause this place has them beat all the way around.
1	First;  I had to count the donuts for the young girl.  Second; I asked about selection of bagels, only two types.  Her comment was "bagels aren't out thing".  We'll take them off your menu.  Donuts were fresh but so are Bashas for less and much better service.
5	First visit this morning and not my last. I was greeted with a huge smile by one of the gals behind the counter. My order was filled quickly and checkout was also fast. I just had a couple of maple frosted cake donuts and they're the best cake donuts I've had in Phoenix. There were a lot of different kinds of donuts behind the counter and I'm sure anyone could find something to calm their sweet tooth.
5	Heaven for donut lovers. So far I've tasted 5 so far - red velvet, buttermilk, chocolate twist, glazed old fashioned, and of course the main donut to rate any establishment, the glazed. My hunny had the maple bacon and loves the old fashioned. Excellent is my rating. I was pleasantly surprised with the red velvet - very good, I'll have that again.  They also have sandwiches and weekends have cronuts. The only area of improvement is organizing the flow for staff, especially on weekends. The register is not next to donut area so staff are going back and forth for every customer. But I'm sure that's part of any new business in working out the kinks. That's a minor inconvenience to get the awesome treats!
5	Yum! I bought my donuts at 2pm and they were still fresh and soft! Finally, a real donut shop for the northwest area! Can't wait to try the cronuts they have on the weekend!
3	This is a great new donut shop. Their coffee and smoothies are good too. Atmosphere is welcoming and staff is friendly and helpful. Pricing is reasonable too. We got a bagel sandwich, 2 donuts, a large fruit smoothie and large mocha frappacino for only $15. My only criticism is I've been there 3 times and all 3 times they were out of their maple bacon donuts. Why not make more of these if they're so popular allowing all or most patrons to try them? I guess if I'm not the early bird, I'll never get the opportunity. I hear they're great but you better get there early.
5	My son and I stopped in because I didn't feel like driving out of the way to go to Dunkin' to get him a donut. Sure glad we did. This place is great. Inexpensive, clean, and friendly staff. They make the donuts in back so they are super fresh. We will definitely be back. Requested a gluten free donut to be added to the menu as I have celiac disease, a girl can dream right?!! I had a delicious iced coffee while my son had two donuts!
5	Went in for the 1st time not knowing what to expect and definitely the BEST donuts I've ever had.
5	These donuts are freaking amazing! This is the best new addition to the NW side and the worst for my waist line. The maple crullers are to die for, but get there early on the weekends because they sell out quickly.
4	This donut shop has been open for a few weeks now. Today was not my first visit. I have noticed continued improvement every visit, which is why I chose to hold off on my review. Today was my 4th visit. The Pros: There has been an increase in numbers of their friendly and helpful staff. This increase in numbers has reduced the time waiting on line to a very reasonable time frame. Today, a Saturday morning, I had only one person ahead of me.  The dining room was full. Customers, of all ages, were happily socializing, eating donuts and drinking coffee.  If you buy less than 6 donuts they are put in bags. If you purchase six donuts or more your donuts are boxed. I'm not sure if that's a pro or a con.I have noticed a big change in what types of donuts are available.  I can see where the owners have made more types of donuts available, as promised, as time has progressed and a good menu has been determined. You could get pretty much anything today even though, again, it was Saturday morning with a full dining room.  There are numerous options available for beverages also. One does not leave this donut shop hungry (unless of course, you choose to eat your donuts at home!!)  Cost of a basic donut at this time is  .89.  That is approx. .6 less than it's nearby big name competitor. The Cons: Donuts are very tasty but a bit on the greasy side.
5	This place has got it figured out.  Don't bother with Dunkin' Donuts.  This shop blows them out of the water.  My hubby is addicted.
1	5th time here and again no maple bacon donuts. Oh but if I order ahead of time they'll have them. What? I want one. I would think at some time in my 5 visits they would have them. Guess what else they didn't have again? Their famous cronuts. I would be happy to rate them for their specialties if I could actually try them. Never coming again. I can get regular donuts anywhere. There's nothing special about this donut shop.
3	I like this place I have been here three times, but I do have to say my third time i am upset. The apple croissant fritter I enjoyed they took away already! I didnt see the nutella donut either. I find this to be a huge disappointment ! For the drive now I dont see the point anymore :( I do have to say they are good donut but they are always out as well ...
5	FABULOUS donuts!!  Staff is very friendly, store is clean and inviting.  Donuts are delicious!  It is very nice to have this business in our neighborhood.  They open very early and have a drive through which is very convenient.
5	I love supporting local business and I'm happy to say I will be back to this one! ALL the donuts looked amazing. I got a red velvet donut and a cinnamon roll. Both were delicious!! I can't wait to go back and try something else. They have a wide variety of donuts and pastries....it will be hard to choose what's next! The inside could use some decoration but I'm really just there for the food :)
3	Good donuts, bad coffee.I'm dying to try the cronut but they never have it when I go in :(
3	I went to this joint bcus the other places I called were already out of Cronuts & it was only 10:30am, whathehell ppl. Mmmmm Cronut......so good. I can eat all of them. Whoever thought of this tasty eat is amazzzzing. This place makes good ones but their small (whatever) it was yummy and I called ahead of time to save me some which they get mad points for that.  We also got the apple pie, cherry pie, Oreo, PB&J donuts & cinnamon bun thingy, oh & helllllaa cronuts. A bit far but I had nothing else to do.
2	Unfortunately, I am not a fan of Donutsville. I stopped in at around 7AM (two hours after they opened). I was greeted by silence, and then an awkward comment that didn't make me feel welcome. I had never been there before, so I asked if there was a "favorite" or anything they recommend. The response I got was, "they're just donuts..."Then, after seeing that they have muffins on the menu, I asked for one. But alas..."We don't have muffins. What you see out is all we have. We're kind of like an old school bakery. Do you understand what an old school bakery is?" At that point, I just wanted to leave, but I decided to at least give the donuts a chance. They were definitely fresh, which is why I added a star. They only seemed a little better than a fresh box of donuts you could get from a grocery store. I actually did enjoy the Maple Bacon donut.$10 for 7 donuts is too expensive for the quality of the donuts and the service received.
5	Service? 5/5Atmosphere? 5/5Doughnuts? 5/5Coffee? 5/5Location? 5/5Price? 5/5This place is awesome and anyone who doesn't like it does not like delicious doughnuts, amazing coffee, beautiful views and a clean and friendly location at a great price.
5	Love this place!!! They have yummy donuts, breakfast sandwiches and their coffee is awesome! And *** cue the heavenly choir *** the people that work there are actually friendly!!! Such a vast difference from the Dunkin Donuts on Lake Pleasant and Happy Valley.
4	I tried this place after seeing another persons good review.  I drive past it almost every morning on my way to work, and it's right off the freeway with a drive thru!  I'm usually in a rush to get to work in the mornings so I love that I don't have to get out of my car.  I ordered a large iced caramel macchiato, which was delish, and a croissant with cream cheese.  The croissant was good, but I'll probably try a bagel next time or a donut since that's basically their specialty.  The girls that worked the drive through were super friendly.  The prices were fair, only thing that kinda stinks is if you're paying with a card your order has to be over $5.  Maybe that will change eventually as business picks up.  I personally never really have cash on me, but I'll definitely be back to try more of the menu.
5	Love the variety! Our family goes here once a week. We can never narrow down what we want because there is too many to choose from. Every time we go in there are new types of donuts! Love this place and I've only experienced great service!
5	Delicious donuts & pastries. Must try the cronut. On the weekends they have the cronuts and other specialty items. It makes you feel like you're at a small town bakery. Also a bonus that they have a drive through.
4	I thought the service was fantastic, one of the girl's who works here is super friendly. I didn't have a donut go figure but my family did and said they were amazing. Wish they had a bigger selection. If you want a good selection my advice is go earlier, they sell out quickly. I have to agree with some of the others posts which is why I took off a star, great donuts terrible coffee. The coffee was overly sweet, but also bitter and gave me  an upset stomach. I would say eat the donuts pass on the coffee.
4	I've been wanting to try a kronut since this place opened. Unfortunately I don't live close. But my brother does. I managed to talk him in to stopping by there on his way over to my house yesterday. Normally they would be out of the kronuts early but they made extra all day because of the holiday weekend. THANK YOU! I got a Nutella and a Vanilla Bean. The Nutella I thought was ok but a little dry. The Vanilla Bean was wonderful. The vanilla custard and the flaky kronut....YUM. Loved it.
4	Went in around 8am on a Saturday. The line wasn't that long, about 5 min wait. I got a mixed dozen with a few specialty ones so they charged extra. I highly recommend the blueberry cake! By the way, they also have a drive-thru!
1	Go early on the weekend and avoid tbe drive thru.  I went here because the reviews were great. I have no doubt they have good food but after sitting in the drive through for 30 minutes,  they were out of all of their donut holes and chocolate cake donuts. I did not stick around to see what else they were out of. They need a better organized drive thru and should at least have enough of their most popular donuts.
4	Love it!I went for the first time on Sunday around 11am. They still had a decent variety of donuts. I loved that they have raised donuts and cake donuts. The donuts were delicious. They have their own great taste and flavor. I also ordered a vanilla latte which was also very good. I really appreciated the girl that waited on me. Right after she asked for my order, she stepped back and sneezed. She excused herself and went back to wash her hands.  I appreciated that she was more concerned about her cleanliness and my perception rather than getting my order and getting me out the door. Can't wait to indulge again soon!
5	I love Donutsville! Cute mom and pop donut shop with a lot of variety. To try this place out, I got a simple chocolate-iced cake donut. I came in at about 11AM and the donut I got was very fresh. I know what you're thinking - it's a basic donut, how great could it be? You'd be surprised at how many donut shops I've been to and how many times my donuts have been stale and not great. Anyway, one of the best donuts I've had in a long time. I'll definitely be back!Tip: Minimum $5 to use credit or debit.
1	I have never seen so much confusion and lack of training amongst a group of employees. I have ordered from here on 3 separate occasions in the early morning hours, a fairly simple order and end up leaving with a huge amount of frustration. No one there is ever on the same level of understanding and they all claim that they are "new". Donutsville also has items on their menu which they do not serve because "people weren't buying them", really, how about remove the item(s) from the menu and don't advertise. Very disappointing even after giving them 3 chances.
4	Great selection, was very excited to see that they offered Kolaches! I thought the prices were average but the selection is amazing!
5	Best doughnuts anywhere!! When I bring them to work everyone raves about them. Great Flavors of cake, fillings, and frostings. Open nice and early. $5 minimum for credit cards.
1	first time in and not a fan. I love an airy french cruller,  but these were really greasy and left a film in my mouth after eating,  gross. The prices are a little high for what is supposed to be a "Mom and Pop" bakery.  $28 for a dozen donuts and two latte's.  we didn't even get the special or gourmet donuts,  so I'm going to assume we were over charged,  the girl that waited on us seemed a little discombobulated and out of her element.  I don't think it's worth the price,  they really weren't that great.
4	DUDE, I LOVE DONUTS AND DONUTSVILLE SATISFIES MY BELLY!My favourite is the Oreo one, with cherry pie donut coming in a close 2nd. The donuts are cooked great too. A light crisp as you first bite in gives way to a light dough. With fun and imaginative toppings and fillings donutsville rocks, eve if you're not a cop!
5	Cronuts have made their way out of the heart of the eastern states, into the stomachs of Americans on the west coasts. They landed at Donutsville where variety is the key to life and happiness. Hubs loved French cruellers and they have at least 4 different varieties here. I'm more of a speciality kinda gal and red velvet or the Oreo fits the cake..or rather donut. My favorite here though are the buttermilk. Another donut with a few varieties but what's great about these is that when purchased, they miraculously last (if not consumed) for about 4-5 days on the counter. They don't taste stale at all. Nice tip for anyone looking to purchase a dozen donuts but not sure which will last for the week. Owners here are really nice. They really try to keep the variety (again, they key to foodie life) rotating and with what their customers are into. They are personable with their customers and the rest of the staff are sweet too.
3	I've been to Donutville a couple times before writing a review.I like the donuts so I keep coming back but I always leave with a thought that I paid too much. In the past I have gotten the specialty donuts like the maple bacon or the Oreo one and they have been great. This time I went at 8:30am on a Tuesday and they did not have a specialty donut that I wanted to try (no maple bacon was made that day). I settled for a jelly filled donut and a maple donut. It ended up being $3 and change. I was confused but I have been to Voodoo Donuts before and the prices were similar so I figured maybe their plain donuts were as good as the specialty ones. Unfortunately this was not the case and my maple donut was just okay without the bacon and the jelly filled donut lacked jelly filling.I give 3 stars since Peoria needs a donut place besides DD and the donuts were tasty but I wish they were more affordable.
5	Best doughnuts in town!  Love the pumpkin, blueberry, and apple cider doughnuts the most!  Peach tart is very fresh and has a nice flaky crust. Excellent service too!  Get there just before close and you may get some free doughnuts.
5	My family and I stop in every Sunday morning before church. We love love love their cronuts! Nutella is our favorite. I, myself, enjoy their maple bacon donut as well. They have a good selection. We haven't tried their sandwiches yet but I'm sure they're delish. For a family of 3, it's a little on the pricey side, I think. We usually get 3 cronuts, 1 maple bacon donut and a coffee. It doesn't fill us up but it's yummy, and our 4 year old daughter has a happy belly everytime!
