3	3.5 stars.  Wkend dinner is $14.99 but they have a 15% off coupon which makes it $12.74 or $13.67 incl tax.  It's not stupendifying but not awful.  The sushi/sashimi was ok although there was quite a nice variety.  The 8 kinds of ice cream including green tea, mango, red bean, strawberry, coffee, vanilla were great = I tasted a 'lil of each!
4	This is a good Asian style buffet.  The food presented is not fancy, but cooked well and has nice flavors.  The price is very reasonable (I am not sure how they are making much money charging $9.99 + tax + tip for dinner).  Service is efficient and the staffs are friendly.What I didn't care for:1. Their sushi preparation.  The rice is either overcooked or overworked  (most likely the case) to the point that it is a solid layer of rice (NOT good eats) surrounding the fillings.  2. Dinner plates can and should be washed better!  Why not take a few extra seconds to check that plates are cleaned, before bringing them out for service. This is a minor detail that reflects the lack of care by some staff, and leaves a negative impression.What I thought was good:1. Vegetables were cooked very well, and seasoned perfectly.2. Mongolian Wok-style noodles.3. Cold foods served cold and chilled properly; hot foods served hot and kept warm at the steam table.4. Wide selections of foods and desserts.
3	Ok first off, In just rating this location I would have given it four stars.  This location is very good with a wide variety of food all of which ( not the highest quality) but for the price will not disappoint.  I highly recomend getting down on the steamed clams!  Yummy!  Now there is a location north on cent, this was absolutely terrible.  It was so bad that I have to bring a star down from the other place just because they are the same people.  The one up north barely has food, and their "variety" lol is shrim cooked five different way along with crab  legs.  Trust me you want to stay away from this place.  However this location is worth it.  Hope I did not confuse you guys too much
4	This is actually a pretty complete Asian buffet with the good things from other Asian buffets I have gone to. For example, they actually have sashimi, though the meat is kind of dry. There is also a large selection of ice cream, a frying station, a large selection of dim sums/soups and because I went during Christmas, tons of crab legs and lobster. The service is pretty good too...it is a little overpriced but I guess there is seafood. A fair warning though....you have to FIGHT to get your lobster. Right when the seafood is about to come out, there is a huge crowd of people gathered around the seafood area. They bring out a new plate every 10 minutes or so but the food is gone in about a minute....it is actually pretty amusing, watching Asian parents grab lobsters off the tray as soon as they can....it's like real life hungry hungry hippos.
4	Came here on a late Saturday afternoon with my family when we couldn't make it to Wynn's lunch buffet ($25 vs. $42)....plus my dad had a 10% coupon that he found from the local Chinese newspaper saying that it was the grand opening teehee. Anyhow, this place is pretty convenient, located 5 minutes away from the Strip. I was eager to stuff my face because I had saved my appetite all day to eat at a buffet. The food was surprisingly fresh and very good, and definitely the best Asian buffet I've eaten at. The service is good and the staff are attentive. Although I have to note that the sushi was mediocre and not *that* good. Everything else was delicious. My favorite was the mini potpie filled with red bean. Funny that this thing was placed in the same section as the soups and other salty things. But nonetheless, those little pies of hundreds calories are amazingly addictive :) Overall, my parents (very picky eaters when it comes to Asian food) liked this place a lot and mentioned about eating here again when we're in Vegas.
4	We usually go to Krazy Buffet, but I got a coupon for Pacific so I thought I'd give it a go.  $9.99 for dinner less the $1.50 coupon is a pretty good value.  They had more of a selection than Krazy.  The sushi was better and had a bigger variety.  They had a Mongolian grill station (I didn't try it). The shrimp cocktail were much better than the ones they pass off at Krazy.  They had a variety of ice creams for dessert.  Overall pretty impressed for the price, and not sure how they're making money.  Customer service left something to be desired, though, but that's OK.
4	Pacific Buffet is one of the better ones.  It is minutes from my office and lunch is $7.99 on weekdays. The food is not drenched with oil. They even have an ice cream section as if it is a mini Baskin Robbins. They also have fresh chop suey section with fresh selective meat and seafood.It is clean and has a wide range of food selection! I definitely want to try dinner, since they serve oysters and crab legs!I will be back!
1	Hold it!!! Hey if your going here please hope you don't have to go the restroom! They are NEVER cleaned! The food not bad for the price. Just no changing station in the restroom and poop on everything!
2	I came here for lunch thinking this would be much better than the Krazy Buffet but I was wrong. When I started munching on the items I noticed that they were barely warm. The food that I picked up was under the heat lamp too long! I noticed this with the Lotus Balls I could only eat half because most of it was too hard to chew. The pot stickers had crunchy edges. The pastries were toasty. The only positive thing was their Green Tea Ice cream, their stuffed mushrooms and the price. It was about $16.00 for two people. If you are broke and don't mind mediocre food I would come here or you can hold out for their dinner buffet that looked a little more promising.
2	Lunch and Buffet  mixed together can usually be a pretty good combo right?It depends on the lunch buffet spot you pick!The first thing I noticed was a not good smell when I walked in . I was a little hesitant but I wasn't buying so I followed the not friendly host to the back where she seated us. I was impressed by the large amount of selection that they had. They also had a huge dessert bar that included a lot of flavors of icecream.The food was probably luke warm and I am not sure when they had last changed out dishes. The potstickers were hard but had good flavor and a good sauce. Loved the seafood delight , stuffed mushroom and beef with broccoli - but was disappointed in their cream puffs which had an odd flavor. It was a bargain, but not something that I will go back for.
3	My sister said that this place was pretty good but she also came here on an off night once, so I didn't have high expectations. My husband wanted to try this place- he likes Asian buffets. It was $7.99 each- dropped from $9.99 for dinner (you don't pay first here, unlike Buffet @ Asia). The rating posted on the wall was an A rating, which is a good thing.The food that I thought was pretty good: garlic shrimp (burped all night), coconut shrimp (surprisingly yummy), teriyaki chicken (good flavor), fried scallops (good), bbq chicken on sticks (good flavor), mushroom chicken (more mushrooms than chicken, but that's what I wanted anyway), california roll (fresh, the rice was not hard, as it usually is at buffets), cheese rangoon (hard to mess this one up though), fried fritter (not greasy and just enough sugar sprinkled). The string beans tasted funny (you know how sometimes veggies can taste either metallic or like dirt). My husband said that he could of gotten more taste from the takeout container on the lo mein noodles- it was very bland. He also said that the won ton soup was the worst he ever had. There is a mongolian station (but didn't see the raw veggies though, but then again, I didn't check out the other side either) and ice cream station are in the same general area (see what I mean about kind of a weird setup?)- (the mango was really good- almost tasted like Magnolia- A Filipino brand found in asian markets, the green tea had some ice particles). The other dessert available were lychee (mmm), bananas (some more bruised than others), pineapple, green jello (no hardened outer skin either), red jello, chocolate cocoa cake (really good actually), macaroons, and cream puffs. Some of the dessert food is right next to the salads; a little awkward of a setup, but suppose it works. Some of the dishes that I didn't sample include: shrimp (with heads), crawfish (not a fan), sliced sausage, sio mai, pork bun, noodles, fried rice, and the salads.The "Pinball Machine" effect as I call it- many of the asian diners (85%-90% of the diners here- later saw a tour bus outside in the parking lot)- were actually running for the food as if it were going to disappear immediately (just watch out). Yes, just a warning, you will be bumped. You will get "line-skipped" as well. If there is a space, one will quickly be other there as well. Just letting you know what to expect. My husband couldn't wait to get over there when it was all clear. Sticky floors are denoted with "Caution Wet Floors" signs all over near the food stations. Be careful if you are wearing boots or heels. I saw an employee mopping up the floors, which is nice that it is constantly being tended to BTW, but still be careful walking in those areas. The food stations are not messy but it seemed like some containers were completely out of food. I noticed a man kept going to the cooks asking for something. I also noticed that a man seated near us, asked for something, and it was brought over to his table, because it was the second time he asked (they didn't know what happened to it). The decor inside is totally transformed from when it used to be a Black Angus steak house, with dark rich woods, dark lighting, semi-private booth seating, adding to the anonymity factor. Basically, in the main dining room, it is wide open and pretty bright (lighting). There is seating (two lanes, one being booth and the other tables & chairs, narrow) on the side of the food stations, as well, located near the bathrooms. This is where we were seated, but the employee was sweeping away all the food (how the heck food ended up on the floor, must mean slobby customers, and it was still kinda gross after the sweeping). The busy hostess asked us if that was ok. My husband wanted the booth.Final verdict: my husband thought that Buffet @ Asia is better- I agree. I think it's a solid three stars though. I know what is good here, at least; I know what to avoid. Though the employees seem rushed, they are still pleasant and attentive (refills).
3	This Buffet is CLOSED for business (12/2011)We have a NEW Challenger to the Buffet Throne currently ruled by Buffet of Asia. I decided to give this a try as I didnt feel like traveling all the way to Buffet of Asia (BOA) on Rainbow and overall it wasnt bad. They had a limited sushi selection compared to BOA but what they did offer was pretty decent. It would have been nice if the kitchen staff would have refilled the Crab Salad on the salad bar so I could have topped my rolls off with that in the abscence of any peel and eat shrimp, which I usually put on my sushi rolls. They had the usual chinese fare = Beef & Broccoli, Lo Mein, fried rice, spicey chicken, spring rolls, green beans,  those really really Red pork strips etc. They did have some small peeled shrimp mixed wt some other seafood in a sauce bu it wasnt the same as having peel-n-eat shrimp. They also have a mongolian bbq station where you can select meats and whatnot for a che to grill. I always pass on this as I dont want to wait when food is already there for the taking. On the desert bar the offerings were a little bland wt premade cake squares, puddings, jello & fruit and NO Ice Cream at all. I dont know how they expect me to celebrate someones Birthday w/o ICE CREAM??? They did have a Coconut pudding and I sort of overlooked the above considering how much I like COCONUT.The dining room was pretty open and spacious and at the time I went, 2pm'ish, it was uncrowded and I got a nice comfortable booth where I was able to spread out my newspaper and read and eat at leisure. And at $6.80 the price wasnt bad at all. The waitress could have been more attentive in filling my water, which was the only thing I was drinking, but overall I liked it and will definatly be back to try the dinner buffet where more seafood items are available according to the hostess/cashier = both fried/raw oysters, crab, shrimp, salmon etc. for $7.99.Still, BOA reigns supreme and #1 in my eyes of all the places I've tried so far in my limited 5 months here in Vegas.
3	I always go here. The food selection and quality is pretty good for the price.  Love the sushi, love the red bean, mango, and green tea ice creams. Would be higher but the last few times I was there they didn't refill the food and there wasn't a sushi chef.
2	Yes, definitely not bad for the price. I have had better, but then again at a higher price point. Quite a few of the things I tried were lukewarm, but maybe it was just because it was 7 pm on a Sunday? There is no lack for variety- I must say I only tried about half of what they had to offer. Didn't quite get to the sushi or the Mongolian grill, but it didn't look bad. Overall I give this restaurant a meh.
1	this place is really bad!!!
4	You'll have to read my original review of the place.  I still come here all the time for the cheapest buffet with decent sushi in town.  But I went tonight at around 9pm, and they were out of almost everything and made no effort to refill it since they were closing soon.  I get it... the buffet is super cheap, but if they're going to neglect their buffet this much before closing time, give me some sort of "I don't give a fuck about you as a customer" discount.  I'll keep my review as 4 stars and hope that this was just a late-night problem, and the earlier menu is much better.
1	I have never written a review for yelp, so this would be the first time only because i think this place sucks donkey dick, the bathroom was the worst part of the restaurant and was disgusting, it was hot with no a/c so i was sweating while i was eating, the food was not that great, i seen a fly on the food, the ice cream sucked, and they overcharged us. I will never go back to this place. I'm very disappointed.
1	My first review, oh what a shame. I'm so disappointed in this place I'm not sure how to describe it, I just knew I had to write a review on Yelp! to warn someone. The FOOD:One word. SHITTY, if you like your taste buds, don't serve this trash to them. I'm usually never too picky about food, but i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. I left feeling unsatisfied. Not only is the food not fresh, it looks like it has been there for hours upon hours. The sauces on the food were dried up. I went around 5pm if that helps anyone.They had a pretty good selection of dishes, but everything was bland and tasted like the worst buffet ever, let me rephrase that, the worst Asian food ever.  Do they not taste their food before putting it out?Not everything was bad, they did have a few good things, like the stuffed mushrooms and crab stuffed oysters, nothing too memorable.The SERVICE:Now some more complaints. The workers seem to have never worked as a server before, no refills for our entire meal.  I can't believe this!  I would understand if the place was actually busy, but I swear they only had 5 tables sat and 2 servers working.  One of the guy servers literally looked like he was trying to sleep standing up.  What is this your father's store?The RESTROOM:Fucking disgusting!  I walked in there and looked around and washed my hands.  I swear it felt like my hands got dirtier.  The toilet was horrible, like an outside gas station toilet that has never been cleaned.  A used toilet seat cover still on the toilet and probably fresh diarrhea in the toilet.  God does anyone work in this place?Last but not least.  The meal was around $28 for 3 people after tax.  I gave the lady $20 in cash and told her to put the rest on a card.  For some genius ass reason this lady decides that she deserves a $6 tip and takes the cash and charges the other 50% of the check on the card.  WTF is this?  Ok, I would have no problem tipping this bitch if she refilled my drink once, but to think she deserves anything more than $2 for the service I received is bullshit.  I was so mad at the shitty food and service, that I just wanted to leave the place and not even complain about her taking the extra money.
