3	3.5After dinner in RM Seafood at the Mandalay Bay, my ex and I strolled over to the Excalibur hotel and found ourselves at the Pearl Factory kiosk.  I've seen them at various other locations. . .San Francisco, practically every other Las Vegas hotel, and there's even one at Downtown Disney.  My ex, after a hint from me, thought it'd be a great idea to get me a pearl souvenir for the fab price of $15.  I wasn't worried about whether or not I would like the pearl --  I was more focused on the excitement of choosing my own oyster and the subsequent opening of it!!!I have to tell you, I only wanted my darling to spend the 15 dollars and high tail outta there.  But nothing ever goes the way you want it to.  . .So the time came. . .I went to go choose my oyster.  Let me tell you. .. I am SUPER indecisive and SUPER picky.  That makes for a bad combo. They had two baskets to choose from, but I was disciplined and only limited myself to one. . .otherwise I would've been there ALL night (I almost was) So after a while of poking, turning, asking my boyfriend for his humble opinion, I finally picked my oyster.  It was the fattest one of the bunch.  After the cheesey tapping, ALOHAAAA and ringing of the bell, my pearl expert opened the oyster and . . .out came not one but TWO lustrous, round pearls!!! The Chinese inside of me was saying "SWEET, TWO FOR ONE DEAL" and I was about to pack up my pearls and get on to boozing/shopping but then the girl selling me the pearls gasped and said "TWINS!  I haven't seen those in months!  This is almost as rare as black pearls! And a green luster to them too. . .that stands for longevity!"  Huh?  Rare eh?  Oooo. . .she caught my interest.I told her I just wanted the pearls and that I'd come back later.  She looked at me and said "well, why don't you just get the backings for the earrings. . .that way at least you get to wear them!" Next thing you know, she was showing me diamond and white gold settings for pendants, rings, earrings. . .ranging from $179 - $300+.  I was trying the rings on, looking at the earrings, and we spent a good hour looking at all the different settings.  After a while, I saw my compa ion literally start to SWEAT, haha.  He was probably thinking to himself: "I came here thinking I'd only pay $15 but now she wants a white gold and diamond setting! . . .I didn't sign up for this!"But, I was a good and just choose a pair of white gold backings.  Total damage : $70 (backings were $50+$15 pearls = $65 + tax)I mean, it was a lot of fun. . .and I feel sorry for the girl because I took up a lot of her time agonizing over what setting to buy. . .and then ultimately ended up purchasing the cheapest thing there.  But seriously?  $15 pearls in a $300 setting?  This is where they get you: you go for the $15 pearl and you end up buying a $200 setting for it.  Because in your mind. . .what's the use of a loose pearl when you can actually put it to use and add it to your jewelry collection?Ahh, yeah, they got me.  I later read on this site that the oyster hosts for the pearls aren't even the original hosts. . .the company places the pearls in the oysters and then later submerges them in alcohol to make them close and preserve  them for shipment to all the different Pearl factory locations.  So, a bit of advice: come here prepared to spend  some dough if you decide that a pearl from the Pearl Factory is calling out your name next time you're in Vegas. . .
4	I remember this place from when I was little, so when we ran across it during our Thanksgiving trip, my husband and I jumped at the chance to try it out.Come on, you're in Vegas, and what is more Vegas then putting down money for something that may be a little risky and/or pointless such as purchasing a clam that may or may not have a pearl inside and one that may or may not suck? After being instructed to choose out the 'fattest, hairiest, ugliest" clam, we got busy searching around for one that would really do.  We found a winner, a real looker, and had the lady crack it open and found... a really nice size pink pearl.   Very cool!  The woman immediatly sets into a hard sell of trying to get us to buy a ring setting which I totally wasn't ready for and, before you know it, the price had jumped from a reasonable $15 to $75.  But it is Vegas.  And so, as she fixed the pearl into the ring she threw in another clam diving for free.  This time we came up with a rather large ivory pearl that is sitting in the free silk packet she provided.  We thought this was the perfect Vegas souviner, as we all know your gonna drop a lotta dough in Vegas, at least you have something to show for it!  And with that risky Vegas feeling added into the creation!  Love it!  Beautiful ring, great memories!
4	Okay, so we passed by this place at our casino on our wedding day on the way to a show, and of course we got suckered in by the loud but friendly woman calling us over to pick out a $15 oyster. They did an entire ceremony complete with "ALOHA!" etc. and, although cheesy, it was fun. We got a really pretty pearl from the deal that according to the chart symbolized love-- so again, cheesy-- but in a great way. The only downfall is that they immediately made a hole for a setting and then attempted to sell us a ring, necklace... anything that would cost more (up to about $400, which is a far cry from $15). We declined, only wanting the memento of the pearl, which seemed to irritate the person working there, but that did not matter as we happily walked away with our pearl with minimal cost. We got a nice setting after getting home, and after all was said and done, less than $100 bought a ring that is beautiful and a piece of our Las Vegas wedding. If you know what you are doing going in, you won't get suckered, and you'll have fun.
5	I seriously wished I would have got the guys name that helped me because he truly made this experience memorable. We got a coupon for a free pearl if you purchase any gold setting for $29.99 and up. Granted gold is expensive these days so you aren't going to find anything less than $100 there. I was weary only because money is somewhat tight these days with everyone, but it was my anniversary and my husband had saved so I could do this. I was so glad I did! The guy that helped us was so much fun, did not try to pressure us to buy anything that was out of my price range and was a lot of fun and a lot of fun to talk to as well. We picked an oyster, he, my husband and I did the "aloha ritual" along with the bell ringing, and he explained to us what the colors of our pearl meant. He then mounted my beautiful pearl on my ring setting. I couldn't be happier! It was definitely a great, memorable experience. I will definitely recommend my friends to come here. It's a lot of fun and you get a beautiful piece of jewelry.
1	I bought my girlfriend a silver pearl ring there and ended up taking it to a jeweler to have resized, just to find out that the ring is not silver!!! They're copper with silver plating. Also, the ring stated by the jeweler was a size 5, which in fact was a 6.. Completely ripped off at this place!! Be careful when buying rings here. Their installation of the pearl is subpar as well. Their glue spills over and isn't cleaned up. Word of advice, go there just for the experience of acquiring a pearl, go buy a REAL ring at a REAL jewelry store. Very pissed off and will complain directly at the hotel.
1	I went to Vegas for my birthday and decided that a pearl ring would be a good gift for myself..... Think again. I paid over $80 for a ring and the first time I wore it it broke. I almost lost the pearl, but I found it in my jacket pocket which means i didn't wack it on anything.  I am very glad I didn't allow that pushy sales man talk me into anything more expensive or another "free pearl".
5	I love The Pearl Factory! My boyfriend and I came here New Years Eve after having some dinner and got attracted by the loud yelling and banging on sticks. We walked over (because I love pearls!) and immediately boyfriend told me to pick out 2 oysters. We did a little ceremony which involved yelling ALOHA! And banging some sticks down on the counter. Then the oysters opened and out came the most gorgeous pink and cream colored pearl with the most gorgeous shiny luster! I fell in love. The next was a beautiful lustrous greenish white pearl. I was extremely content. Then she told me to run the pearl and my hand against my boyfriends. The oils are apparently good for pearls. She promptly drilled a hole in them and then started showing me what I can do with them. Now this is where it gets expensive. I only wanted a ring so they start by showing the most expensive then to the least expensive. I ended up picking out a princess cut ring for my pinkish pearl. It looked beautiful mounted on top. For my second pearl I chose to cage it into a pendent and wear it as a necklace. After all of that, I was allowed to pick a complimentary oyster for spending over 30 on mounting. My last pearl was the most beautiful of them all! An amazing rosy gold pearl. I can't wait to go to another Pearl Factory and get the eternity band to put 2 pearls on! A bit pricey but it was a good investment if you look pearls! About 400 dollars later but I was one happy gal that night :)
