3	We've been taking our dog, Gizmo, to this dog park for almost 2 years now. It is a short walk from our house and the regulars are usually residents of the Southern Highlands area. The park is very small and there are two sections - one for medium to large dogs (over 25 lbs) and one for small dogs (under 25 lbs). Each section is fenced off and there are a few benches.  There used to be three separate sections for small, medium and large dogs but for some reason they remodeled. The neighborhood tends to the grass so it's usually green and litter free. They also provide poop bags which some lazy dog owners neglect to use when they are not paying attention to their dogs. Most of the dog owners and the dogs are friendly and go to the park every day. They welcome newcomers - dogs and dog owners alike.I have a few gripes about this dog park. I wish they would fix the parking situation. You can only park along the dirt road as there is no parking lot.  Also you kind of have to know the good times to go because rarely will you find people there during the work day. We have learned that most people tend to go after 5pm on weekdays and around 3 pm on weekends. It would be nice if they added some light posts because it sucks when it gets dark early and you can't see where or what you could be stepping in. Darn those lazy dog owners who don't pick up after the dog!
5	It's a fun and friendly dogs park. Everyone know each other.
4	I recently moved into the area and after plenty of walks around the neighborhood, I decided to let the doggies do some running around. The park is divided into smaller dog area and larger dog area which is always a good thing. There are plenty of trees and benches for the humans to relax while the doggies play. The grass was very green considering all the wear and tear it gets daily. The sign says the park is open from 6am-6pm that is probably why the park doesn't have lighting. Just be careful when you cross Cactus to get the park it can be a busy intersection at peak hours.
2	After reading the positive reviews I thought this would be a great place to check out. Sigh.....the small dog park area is the size  of your average backyard!!! Not sure why this would get good reviews? There is no room at all for dogs to run and play, then add the doggy parents and there is really no room!  Major disappointment . And the parking is not that bad, as previous reviewers mentioned.
3	Cute little park that gets the job  done when my dog needs to run around.  My dog is a small dog but all muscle.  He is a 25 lbs, boston, too big to play with most of the small dogs that are in the small dog area, and he is to small to play with the larger breeds. The first time we went to this park I missed it and drove right by thinking it was a corner park for the houses in the area. We were used to Kellogg-Zaher park for the dogs. Large with 3 areas. The small dog area is nice for a few dogs but when you get 5-6 dogs plus owners its crowded. They keep rhe area nice and clean. Stocked with doggie bags and seating for the humans. I looked and  mayne missed it but I did not see a water spout to fill up a bowl or let my dig drink from. We will go back because like I said it does the job of gettibg my dog out of the house.
4	Small park... Most likely for residents in the area, because there is no parking. (Clearly i donf live in the area). But pretty clean. Lots of trees.
3	First time at the park, a little small and the bench is too close from the trash so no one can sit on it, a waste! No parking! But it's organized and my dog had fun!
1	My dog and I went here because it was the closest to our house. I got there and I had to park on the side of the road, not safe but it works. So we went inside and it was a decent size for my 8 pound dog. The grass was very brown and it was dull and boring . There was no other dogs there so my dog had no one to play with. Nice concept but we didn't enjoy ourselves.
2	The park is a little dingy and not kept well.  The grass is left to die, and really is just full of dirt.  It's usually pretty busy with all the neighborhood dogs coming to play, which is a plus. My dog loves running around with them which keeps us coming back.  The dogs are happy there and don't mind getting dirty. It's the clean up after the park that they hate.
3	Our first time to check this dog park out.. Great place for my little shitzu "jojo" to come and check out some new friends. Although there is no parking. You would have to park across the street on the gravel and cross. Careful for cars! Hope they would at least designate parking in the future :)
