5	Kyle has been PHENOMENAL! We have had him out a few times to help with some leaks that were beyond our skill and he is one of the best contractors I've ever worked with. The first time I had called six or seven other landscapers before I found this one and none would come as promised (if they even bothered to answer my call). Kyle not only answered my call but showed up promptly, was great about communicating with us as to the problem, the solution, the estimated costs, and ways to prevent problems in the future. I would recommend AZ Sprinkler to ANYONE and am quick to give their contact info to friends.
1	I was charged $450.00 to replace 2 valves, 1 filter and pressure reducer. They charged $60 for the first 1/2 hour and then $60 per hour there after, which was fine. The real nerve comes from their "mark up" of the parts. The rain bird valves cost $22 at the rain bird website and I found them for $15 on the internet, so you know this company is probably paying $12 for the part, and they charged $101 per valve and $101 for the filter kit, which is about $25. They did NOT include the labor in the parts markup. So let's see $120 + $303 = $423, hum so what was the extra $27 dollars? Tax maybe? Could not get an itemized bill, just you owe $450 for 1 hours worth of work. And I guess I should be happy because they give a 5 year warranty-BUT only on the parts, which costs next to nothing. Travis tried to say this was industry standard, yeah if you are an idiot, and like being RIPPED OFF. The job was done well but I was definitely taken advantage of, and will not be calling them again. Why is it so hard to quote over the phone when you know exactly what you will be charging? And it is not anywhere near $60 per valve, like the website leads you to believe. They should be ashamed of themselves!
4	I had two leaky sprinkler solenoids.  I called Rich and he had Travis call me back within 10 minutes.  Travis said he could be out in an hour.  He was there in 40 minutes and had diagnosed the problem and gave me a very reasonable estimate. Work completed in 30 minutes. I would highly recommend these guys! Honest and efficient!
4	When I called AZ Sprinkler, I explained my issue and was assured they could fix it.  We set up a time for the repair to be made and they arrived during that window.  Travis diagnosed the issue quickly and gave me pricing throughout the process.  I ended up having three issues that needed repair which he finished in under an hour.  Hopefully, I don't have any other irrigation issues but if I do, I'll call AZ Sprinkler.
