3	This is a fine and dandy sandwich shop which is part of a chain.  The quality of bread is high, generally tasting quite fresh and delicious.  The white bread, in my opinion, is definitely yummier than the wheat.  The tuna is also better than the vegetarian.  (Also just my opinion.)  The mustard/mayo sauce is tangy and delightful but a bit overpowering when combined with the extremely dill-y pickle slices.  Not too crowded, this place serves a great quick lunch.  However, it's no match for its local competitors, as far as this gal's concerned.  It'll do when I'm in that shopping plaza, but otherwise, I'll choose Steve's Crazy Subs any day of the week!
4	For sandwich chains, it doesn't get much better than this. They slice the meat and cheese right in front of you, bake the bread in house, and they keep their veggies fresh and crisp. They offer what are more or less the standard options for meat, cheese, bread, and toppings, so what separates them from the competition is the quality. The meats are all fantastic, resembling the cold cuts you would get at a legitimate deli rather than those from a fast food sandwich shop (like Subway for example). This is about the only corporate sandwich place that I trust enough to actually order the tuna salad. The cheeses are also quite good, and they offer smoked cheddar as an option, which is sheer genius. Bread options are a bit limited compared to some places, but it's always been soft and delicious, with just enough tooth to it to be satisfying. The exception to this is the sourdough, which I find to be a bit too dense and chewy a bread for a sub like this. The toppings choices also offer nothing unexpected, but they are generally fresh and tasty. Usually, they give you a pretty good helping of the meat and cheese, but they are often a bit stingy on the veggies. You can hound them for more, this gets annoying for everyone involved. Still, given the price, it's one of the best options out there for a good sub.
5	Excellent service! The food is always fresh. The staff is very friendly and great with kids! We highly recommend this store.
5	I've been eating Port of Subs since 1977 - seriously. They have never let me down for a quality sandwich, pleasant service and good price. I've been to Subway, Jimmy John's, Jason's Deli, Firehouse, Jersey Mike's and all the rest. Port of Subs slices the meat to order and piles on the toppings. I recommend the hot pastrami or the number one which are my usual go-to sandwiches. Give them a try, you will not be disappointed.
1	Felt like grabbing a sub, and remembered that Port of Subs is right down the street.  Walked into the shop, which a bit of line had formed, no big deal.  Well, the staff was a bit busy chatting with the family in the front to help everyone else out.  I understand customer service and all, but chatting with a family for 5 minutes while a line is growing is not good customer service. Finally had my sandwich made and while I was walking out, I heard the lady who was cutting the meat talk to another customer about how she had woken up this morning coughing, sneezing, and with a sore throat.  Really lady? Safe to say I didn't eat the sandwich.
