5	This branch opened the same day I moved into my flat in Bruntsfield, and so I thought it was fate telling me that I had to eat here as often as I could. And I did.I really like this branch as all the staff are super friendly. They ask how your day is going while you wait, and they offer you extra things for a discount. I thought it might have just been for my benefit, but they asked every single person who came in. Nice touch.The difference between this branch and most other Baguette Express' is the seats - there are some! There is quite a big area to stand in, so you don't feel crammed in and there's plenty room to sit and eat in the window if you like. I always have coronation chicken with brie - sounds odd I know, but tastes amazing.
4	There have been, in the past few years, a whole host of sandwich and baguette shops openning up in the wake of Subway - and Baguette Express is the best of them.dont expect some little deli shop which is fresh and local - but dont expect the processed and soul destroying food from Subway either. Baguette Express is some where in between the two - fresh, tasty and value food, but on a large and repeatable scale.I'd come here over subway any day - theres a better selection of sandwich fillings, they do toasties and paninnis as well and a few eill even do baked patatoes. It's cheap as well.Bonus.
4	I'm far more of a regular in the High Street branch of Baguette Express, but have tried this one on occasion. It can be quite surprising to find that a franchise outlet such as this is actually quite different to another one of it's branches, but I suppose it keeps things at least marginally interesting.Compared to my usual completely stuffed panini from the Royal Mile shop, this lot are quite seriously stingy on the fillings. In some ways however, this isn't necessarily a bad thing. The sarnies don't fall apart with the weight of all the meaty, saucy goodness inside, the bread will tend to be a bit crispier, and the bag won't be soaked through with grease.Less messy and healthier than my usual Baguette Express then, but just not quite as satisfying.
4	Ok so I came back here the other day, for nostalgia more than anything, and I realised that the seats are more of a novelty than anything else. Don't get my wrong, I LOVE Baguette Express, but it's always so busy and you must save about 15 minutes for queuing, particularly in this branch!!
