5	Best nail salon service in town. The girl are super nice and friendly.
5	I recommend this place. The nail techs here do an amazing job!!!!! They are experienced.   The new owners are very nice and friendly. I will continue coming here.
2	Friendly new ownership. Little disappointed it took close to 2.5 hours for a new set and a pedicure and I was the only person in. Price was a little high for my liking. 80 with tip for a full set and pedicure. Did a standard French tip acrylic set and French tip pedicure. My full set was uneven and grew out pretty gross. Sad as it was my go to close to the house. Have found a new place!
5	I have been to Luxury Nails Bar several times and this place is the best in Peoria. The owners super nice, the place is so clean. The best part is free coffee, water and sodas. I was there with 10 of my friends for her bridal party. All of my friends love the place, the price is great.  We're decided to have girls day out here at Luxury Nails Bar monthly. Keep up the good job!
5	I was so impressed with this shop.  Little Van is so good at her job! They were very attentive & her message  was on point & I fell asleep. They are very conversational & upbeat. The selection if colors are endless and the artwork is gorgeous
1	My friend and I went here last weekend- her for gel mani/pedi and me for a gel mani. I arrived before she did to an empty nail salon. I informed them I was waiting for someone, yet, I was rushed to pick out a color. I got through just a few gel colors before my hand was ripped away by the man starting to file my nails. Although there was nobody in the salon, they would not let me wait 5 minutes for my friend. The man was very short and quite rude. I felt extreme uncomfortable.Once my friend arrived, she wasn't permitted any time to choose colors and was rushed to a chair. The man who painted on my gel polish did a horrible job and kept trying to correct it by digging his fingernail around my cuticles to wipe off the polish on my skin. My friend's pedicure was good; however, her French tip mani was horrific. Her nails were crooked and there was a crack in one. When we checked out up front to pay, she pointed out the crack to the owner. Her manicurist ran up front to defend herself. Finally after a thorough study of the crack, the owner asked another manicurist to fix the crack. The owner ran my debit card for $25 and I have her a cash tip for the man who did my mani. Once we got out of there, my friend pointed out her bleeding cuticles and I noticed my nails looked like a 2 year old painted them. We decided that we would never return to this salon. I know that nail salons are hit and miss, but this was by far the worst. On top off it all, my pending $25 charge just showed up as a $77 charge. I will definitely be disputing this charge and feel disgusted that they would try to steal $52 from me after they gave me a terrible manicure.
2	Service started out good,  then went downhill.  Nails were messed up and had to have her go back and fix them. Every two weeks when I came in to get a fill I was charged more and more.  Kind of ridiculous.
