3	Expensive and wouldn't let me check in. My husband and I went here to get a price check on tires and a wheel alignment, it was very expensive for just one tire. Sorry folks but I don't plan on coming back unless I strike it rich.
5	I just recently bought an Honda Odyssey from this dealership it was a great buying experience. Our Salesperson Eric was very helpful . I also bring my cars to this dealership for regular maintenance and always receive excellent service. Lisa Rocks!
5	In 2009 I decided it was time to trade in my old car (which was a gift) and make my first vehicle purchase for myself, as an adult. This was a while ago, mind you, but Reggie and Jade made my experience so easy, I keep going back. I did some shopping around but I ended up going back to this dealership after too much pressure and hassle at other stores in the valley. They worked with me on my budget and got me in a car I LOVE. I have a FIT and it's been my favorite car (Over previous Nissans and Fords). I moved an entire apartment in it, no joke.Anyway, my lease is coming up soon and I'm making plans to go back to Vegas (I've since moved out of state) just so I can work with a dealership and people I trust. I'm planning on getting another FIT. It pays to give such great customer service. Ask for Reggie as your salesperson and Jade in finance. They really go out of their way and are genuinely good guys.
4	I have a 2004 Civic that I adore - so to keep her wheels a-rollin' on the tarmac I take her for service at the dealership (crazy, I know).  I've been to a few of the Honda dealerships in the valley and Findlay in Centennial is my favorite.  I can always make an appointment, even for mid-morning on a Saturday.  JT and Matt are friendly and always get my car in-and-out quick! Of course, like all dealership service, the downside is the price - soooo expensive, but I feel that service coupled with convenience and the security that it was done right is worth it.
3	I traded in my 2010 Civic lease and leased a 2012 Civic on Saturday. The salesman Eric was very friendly and helpful. I cannot say the same about the Service department. I paid to get the car windows tinted and Eric set it up for drop off this morning before 8 am and I was told I should have the car back by noon. However, I called at 12:45 and they just said it was not ready. I had to specifically request a time when it would be done. They told me it would done between 2:30 and 3:00. It is now 4:00 pm and they said that the car is on its way back. Apparently they send it out to another place for the tinting to be done, which they did not notify me of. In addition to the convenience of an extra four and a half hours without my car, they are putting extra miles on my car without first notifying me. Needless to say after the lack of any communication on their part, I will not be using their service department again.
4	I purchased my 2012 Honda Element from this location and it was hands down, the easiest, most pleasant car purchase I have had (out of 12th or 13th different transactions.  After I had been hit a couple months prior and my beautiful 2011 Honda Element was totaled, I was immediately looking to pick one up... and it happened abruptly.  Found a dealership, Findlay Honda, that agreed on our price over the phone, came to pick it up - was in and out in half an hour and off on our way to dinner on the strip.NOT BAD!So I come back here every six months or so to get oil changes and routine maintenance, which are included with my payment plan for five bucks or so every month, which I love.Everyone's friendly for the most part, the regular gentleman at the front desk recognizes me every time I come in, and I enjoy the free wi-fi and chamomile tea while I wait.  And as far as I'm concerned with a few reviews on here - those situations can be avoided if you READYOURCONTRACTANDWARRANTYFIRST.That said - Thank you, Findlay Honda.
5	I am visiting, my car's hose sprung a leak.  I patched it and refilled the coolant, but the car was still overheating.  I had to have the car towed to Findlay.  They didn't have my hose in stock, but were able to make one, and provided a shuttle to pick me up after the repair was complete.  They also washed the car, steam cleaned the engine and provided a complete checkup.  The amount charged for all of this was extremely reasonable, less than you would pay at a chain auto lube place.  All of this was done on a Saturday afternoon.  Excellent, professional service.
2	I purchased a 2012 Civic almost a year ago and decided to get my windows tinted. WRONG CHOICE!  (For tinting at least. I love the car, just not the tint job). It has taken three times for them to get it right on the rear window and now my passenger windows are starting to bubble. If they weren't attempting to re-tint the windows for free, I would not be returning here!
5	Best car buying experience I've ever had.  The facility is so clean and stocked with a Keurig so that's awesome.  But anyway, to the more important stuff... firstly, my car dealer, BRAD, was so helpful.  I bought a 2013 Honda Fit.  Obviously it's the car buying business, so you have to know what you're doing.  I had to make Brad rewrite his offer like, 5 times.. so I was there for about 4 hours (lol) but the point is this- it was a good experience.  Yes, I had to tell him I wanted more on for my trade-in.  Yes, I had to tell him to lower the cost on the car.  Yes, I told him to add in the tinted windows for free.  Yes, I came in with pre-approved credit so I could tell him, "if you can give me a lower interest rate than THIS, I will go through Honda's financing for my credit" (and they did offer me a better interest rate so yay).  I had to do all the things you would do at any other car dealership.  But!!!  I felt comfortable doing it.  The problem in the past I've had is car dealers being rude, acting like you're being unreasonable, taking too much time pretending they're "talking to the manager to see what they can do".  Brad didn't do any of that; I knew what I was doing so when I said the word, he delivered.  And you know how they're always like "get it in writing, get it in writing".  Well I know I had been promised tinted windows in the negotiating process.  When I went to the finance guy to sign my contract, he already had it added EVERYTHING I negotiated.  When it came to ACTUALLY getting my windows tinted, I didn't have to bring in my paperwork nor contract.  Brad had already set it up with the service department and all I had to do was show up.  To add to the already pleasant experience, they were pretty accommodating with a situation on my trade-in.  I had a "fix-it ticket" for my tint on my old Mazda.  I fixed the tint to legal limit and didn't have time to get it signed off by Highway Patrol before I bought my Fit.  Well, Brad let me pick up my Mazda a week after I had traded it in and bring it to Highway Patrol so I could get my ticket signed off.  How cool is that?!  They had to put a hold on putting my Mazda on the market, just so my illegal-tint-having-self could get my ticket taken care of.  So. Awesome.Anyway, I've been so lazy on writing reviews lately but this past Monday, Brad called and wished me a "Happy Birthday" and asked how my Honda was doing FIVE months after I bought my car... So... yeah.  Had to finally give credit where credit was due.
5	Brought in my 2007 Honda Accord for an oil change and power steering hose as part of a recall.  STELLAR service from these guys - Deborah was a pleasure.  Professional all around, friendly, clean facilities.Most of all they were honest and did great work.  They warned me of some potential problems but with no up-sell whatsoever.  The shuttle even brought me door-to-door for the long wait.Signed up just to post this review.
4	I take my Honda here whenever I need something fixed or updated. To this day they have not screwed me over, that I know of, and prices are what you would expect from such a dealership. But it is close to me, and they get the work done fast, and I've never had to come back with the same problem.
5	"I had an absolutely terrific time buying a 2013 Fit from here. They had the color I wanted, got me the financing I wanted and didn't ram extras I didn't need down my throat. I knew what I wanted and they delivered. Awesome service!"
1	Poor service, poor Customer service!
5	I am so glad I decided to get a second opinion.  I has my truck towed to Sun Auto on W. Rome Blvd in  Centennial Hills by Durango and 215 N.  They said that I had a cracked radiator, which I did, and that is didn't pass a carbon emissions test so it needed a head gasket...total $2700.  THe truck is only worth $3000.  I had it towed to Purrfect Auto over by Albertson's on the corner of Craigs and Tenaya.  Jesse was awesome.  He told me to bring it in he would check if for free, which Sun Auto charges $96.  He discovered that it only needed a radiator and a thermostat.  It also needed the AC fixed and he did an excellent job only $500 and he even gave me a smog certificate....I am going to march right back to Sun Auto and show them that it only should have cost $500 not $2700!!!!!!  Thanks Jesse, your the best, I will be sending everyone to you.
5	This is the best honda service around las vegas, they really take care of you and not neglect you like other locations.The service ad visors are great because of the knowledge they know and honesty, I seriously never had any bad encounters!!
5	My sincere apologies for writing a review for the wrong Findlay Honda location.  My review was inadvertently tied to the Azure Drive dealership, which was in error.  The problem we had was with Customer Service at the Automall dealership, the address being:  933 Auto Show DrHenderson, NV 89014I feel badly about the error in the review, and I had not noted it until today (Sunday, 06/23/13).  I think I must have started the review, and then, by accident, entered it with the wrong dealership, and with essentially no details.  Again, my sincere apology.However, I will not apologize for a poor review of the service received at the Automall Findlay dealership.  I will rewrite a review for THAT business.  To make up for my 1 Star review for the Azure dealership, and because I don't know how to retract a a poor rating, I'm making my rating 5 stars, though I have yet to use the Azure dealership service department.
5	Just had a great car buying experience at Findlay! They had a '13 Accord in the color and trim I wanted at a fair price, and did not push any extras on me.  Thank you to Andy and Neil for making the whole car-buying process relaxed and comfortable.  Two thumbs up from our family!
5	I've only been here a few times to get my Element serviced, but this dealership is so good that I actually look forward to coming here. The facility is super clean, the wifi connection is good and everyone, from the receptionist to the cashier in the back, is super friendly. I feel like their service prices are decent, by dealership standards, but their Used Car prices are simply amazing! All of their cars are marked thousands below retail. I know where I'm going if I ever need to buy a car!
5	Absolutely the best auto service department in Las Vegas.Been going there since they opened.They serviced all of  our cars (4 Honda and a Nissan).They are the reason our last 2 car purchases were also Honda, because we know where we can get good service that we can trust.
5	Just purchased an Accord from this dealership.  My salesman, Joey Saccavino, was the BEST!  Car shopping can get very stressful, but he made the whole experience amazing.  I had so much fun picking out my new car.  This was truly the best car shopping experience I've ever had.  He was very knowledgeable and was able to answer all my questions and help me find a car that fit my needs and budget.  I was at ease and stress free during the whole experience.  He has even given me follow up calls after my purchase to make sure I was happy with my purchase.I highly recommend Joey Saccavino to anyone interested in buying a new car.  He'll definitely make the experience worth while!
5	I had just purchased a "used" 2009 Civic LX Sedan from a BMW Dealership in Las Vegas and they told me my vehicle was out of warranty. I went in to have a second key made and one of the service reps offered me a free inspection since it was my first time at the dealership. I had plenty of time to spare so I took advantage of it. They informed me that my Front, Rear axles needed to be replaced as well as my passenger side motor mount and that I was in fact still under warranty for 5 year 60,000 miles. I was at (52,XXX.) I have heard horror stories of companies denying warranties. These guys were the EXACT opposite. They fixed both axles and my passenger motor mount in about an hour to an hour and a half. The experience was very pleasant. The best part of it was I had no idea these needed replacing but the service rep said as soon as he got into my car he could feel something was wrong. They really went the extra mile to satisfy me as a customer. I will likely be a proud Honda owner for many years to come due to the high level of service I received from a "used" car that I didn't even purchase there. Shows they have great integrity and standards as a company.TL/DRRepaired my used Civic free of charge regardless of the original place of purchase as well as honored the warranty with no hassle. Representatives were extremely friendly. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for quality service done by friendly people with high levels of integrity.
5	My salesman was so good I may never buy a car from anyhwhere else again. Everyone i dealt with at this dealership was friendly fast and helpful. Joey Saccavino is who I recommend you ask for if you are in need of a vehicle. He didn't just pitch a car and tried to sell it to me he listened to my needs found 5 cars that met that need and when i left took me to fill the tank. He made my experience pain free and fun.
5	This review is for the service department. After the horrible experience at Autonation Toyota back in February, I was not really looking forward to taking my new honda to a dealer to get it serviced. But I went here anyway, having heard good things about findlay. So I went, and they changed my oil, rotated my tires, inspected my car, and washed my car for free all within 30 minutes! This was on a really busy day too. They also provide free Starbucks coffee and free soda as well. And I guess they had a meeting or something and they had left over cake, so they offered my bestie and I a piece of cake. Once we finished our cake our service advisor found us in the showroom and told us that my car was all washed and ready to go. So I paid and went on with my day. This place is great, and when I'm in the market for another car, which will be a Honda, I will be buying it from here without a doubt.
5	I wanted to take a second to write a review about Frank in sales. although I didn't end up with a honda,if i had I would have returned to purchase one with him. He exhibits patience and veteran salesmanship. It was a pleasure to deal with someone born before britney spears,frankly when you get sales people at most dealerships you end up with an inexperienced child who just wants to turn numbers.Yes frank wants to close a deal like anyone else but he does so with polish and patience. I would not hesitate for a second in recommending him for your honda needs.
5	Short Story: 61 Dollars I got New Oil, Air Filter, A Tire Patch for a nail in my Tire, The interior dome light fixed, 3 new wiper blades, car wash, and signed up for honda oil change program where my 4th one is free all under 45 minutes!!The Full Story: I bought a Used 2008 Honda Element from a Second Hand Lot. Custom Paint Job, Rims, Tint, etc.  After having it just two weeks my change oil light and tire pressure indicator were on. So under the impression Dealer Service is EXPENSIVE I went to a service center by my house first thing in the morning and was told I needed to schedule an appointment. Who schedules oil changes?! I went home and got on yelp to find a "Honda Mechanic" to build a relationship with for my new to me car. I saw this Location with 21+ reviews all being great so I decided to pay the Extra Money for a certified Honda Mechanic to look at my new purchase and change the oil. The moment I arrived I was greeted with a smile. The man asked me the general automotive questions like "First Time Here?", "What Service would you like?", the general. When I explained that I bought the car just a few weeks ago and its already due an oil change and the tire light was on and the interior light was broke. He just smiled and said don't worry we will take a look at it and get it all taken care of for you. after 45 minutes and all the soda and starbucks coffee I could drink my car was pristine!! I am in love with this place and will be back!-Von Jonnie
4	My family has bought all three of our new cars from Findlay Honda. I believe that makes us loyal customers. Loyal customers do not always make businesses appreciate them. The true nature of customer service lies not in the purchase, but when there is an opportunity to shine:I popped my rear right front tire on a dark road. This was completely my fault. Although it took me an hour to do so--thank the universe for the owner's manual!--I put the donut on the car, drove it home,  and brought it in the next morning to Findlay Honda to be replaced. The did the job quickly and I was able to get to work.Less than forty-eight hours later, I jumped in my car, in my pajamas and slippers, to run a quick errand. To my utter shock and chagrin, the rear right back tire quickly deflated. I pulled over onto a road with no safe space. Thankfully, I was able to change the tire in ten minutes this time, and get my car home. I brought it back to the dealership after the weekend and inspected the vehicle. The replaced tire lacked a valve stem cap; the tire that had deflated had clearly been damaged in my earlier incident--clearly my fault, mind you.I asked to speak with the service manager. I expressed two concerns. First, the work I had paid for was done, but incomplete (I pointed to the the lack of a valve stem). Second, I showed the tire to the service manager, and explained my concern that the original worker hadn't taken the time to inspect my other tires for damage, check the tire pressure, etc., or it would have become clear that additional service was needed, and I wouldn't be making a second trip out. I explained that I came back to the dealership I trusted because I expected a higher level of service, especially for the prices charged. Otherwise, I would have gone to a discount tire business, who wouldn't care either way.The service manager apologized, stated that the work was "sloppy," and asked me to wait. When he returned, he informed me that tire was replaced, that all the tires' pressure were checked, and that the car was washed. Then, he said something that truly floored me."I'm sorry we didn't live up to your expectations. There's no charge. Thank you for being a loyal customer."I never asked or implied that I expected a discount or a free tire. I wanted my feelings acknowledged, which he did immediately. The customer service manager far exceeded my expectations, and mitigated the stress and annoyance of how a problem I caused myself affected my weekend. Perhaps it was because I didn't scream or yell or act as if it was their fault that my tires blew. However, I am grateful that Findlay Honda took ownership for the service issue and made right.It's a small investment when you consider where I know I'm going to buy my next car.
1	i called for hours inquiring services on my car and was told 530pm the department services closes , so i show up 450 and the mechanic tells me its already closed. This is second time this has happen, just for for future servicemembers do not  come here since their phone service members give inaccurate times and then the mechanics turn down customers when I was told I should be able to get my car service. Guess they lost another customer and many more since I am stationed here. Time to find some place more accurate and honest to customers..
3	Since I bought my last Accord from Findlay Honda I take it back here for service.  Since it's only a daily driver from work and back, in five years I've managed to only put 19k miles on her.  So little!  If anything I've visited this place only twice a year each of those years.  Mostly for an oil change and a checkup.The main reason Findlay Honda gets a 3 star from me is because of the constant hassle from salesmen there to trade in my car for a newer model.  Yada yada yada.  I don't want to be bothered!  I've got a 5 year old Accord, low miles, and it's already paid off?  Why do I want to go through the headache again so soon of bargaining for a car?  I'm keeping the Accord and that's the way it is.These same guys give me the same lip when I bring around my classic unmolested ride...my 1986 Honda Prelude Si.  Drive in, park it, and not even 30 seconds after I'm out of the car I get the lipworks, "Hello, looking to trade in your car today?"  No bro, I am not.  And you know as well as I do that I'm not trading in the clean classic ride.  Not to you, not for a lowball price, and certainly not for a friggin' Honda Civic!  How rude!  These guys drool over it everytime I bring it in (I go to the parts department often for help).  One of these 'salesmen' tried to convince me since the Prelude might be repainted that it lowers the value but they would give me book if I traded it in.  I can see it now...one of them already forking over cash for my baby behind my back before I would even come close to sealing some kind of deal.  I know what I got, and no you can't have it.**-2 stars for the harassment**The 3 stars come from the great service I get here at Findlay Honda.  Yes, it's a dealership and the prices are a bit higher for some services than your neighborhood auto mechanic, but they try to do you right!  Competitive prices, and genuine Honda OEM parts for you ride.  They have done all the work on my Accord and kept her up nicely.  Tip top running condition.  Only changes besides oil the past 5 years have been rear brakes and just recently, a new battery.  I've been helped by Honda service rep JT for a number of years now, and he knows how picky I am about my Accord.  He knows how clean I keep it, and each time he puts up a sign in my car saying 'Do not wash'.  I'm not into those car wash brushes scratching up my paint.  I've never had a problem getting service and checkups done at Findlay Honda.  And I usually go when there's a special, and can get in an out with an oil change and inspection for less than $30.  Findlay Honda will service my old Honda Prelude as well, but I haven't gotten her in for a checkup yet.  She is due in the next few months, so we will see.  As long as the service guys don't press me or call me 'Fat guy in a little car' (seriously the Prelude is barely bigger than an oversized golf cart) they might have a good chance of looking her over.
5	I arrived with about 3 cars in front of me and they changed my oil and air filter in less than an hour.  I am always impressed with the quality of their service and staff especially Jay in service; He was so polite and easy going. I will definitely remain a loyal findlay honda customer after today.
5	I wanted to thank the service department manager at findley honda centennial. We have always been very pleased with the service staff and the workmanship at this dealership.  Today I took the car in for service and was waitig to get a ride back to work. There was a mix up and the shuttle left without me. I had no choice but to ask to get my car back since I could no longer wait for the shuttle to come back.As soon as service manager heard about this incident he personally got a car and gave me a ride. Thank you for tuning a bad service incident into a good deed and good business.
5	This has been my best car buying experience. Johnie Lewis, the salesman, was easy to work with. I told him exactly what I wanted and he didn't try to sell something I didn't want or need. When it was to negotiate a price, I told what I wanted and how much I had to put down. They didn't try to give me a lease or a ridiculously low payment with a high amount of months to pay on like some other dealers tried to do. I have always liked the looks of Hondas but I never thought I would own due to dealership not wanting to negotiate a fair price. Findlay Honda has totally changed my mind and I am a Honda CR-V owner.After having my new CR-V for a week and a half, I had some questions about the blue tooth and navigation system. Johnnie set up an appointment for me to talk to Mick. He was so patient with me and answered all my questions. I have features on the car I didn't even know I had.I will definitely go back to use their Service Department.I am a happy new Honda owner.
5	Another 5 star review for this dealership! Just bought my *second* new Accord here, and once again it was a very straightforward deal at a great price! BIG thanks to Neil, who made the transaction very pleasant :-)Also just brought my other Accord in for its first scheduled service here and was very pleased with the customer service on the service side as well. JT helped me out and he couldn't have been nicer!  I am a very happy customer.
5	My wife and I just bought our new 2014 CRV here. Brad Au Young was our excellent salesperson. He has a very helpful approach to assisting his customers.He and his manager at Findlay Honda were able to price match an online internet quote that I brought in. We took our car on a good test drive on and off the highway. Since I had done extensive research on what midsize SUV would be best for our needs we were ready to buy.When we were all done, he even helped to deliver our car since my wife does not like to drive on the expressways.The whole process went smoothly. This is how a business should be run. Thanks, Brad.
1	Beware!  It's my strong opinion that I caught them red handed not changing my oil filter during multiple oil change services I paid them to do. Once I suspected this was going on I set it up so there would be no doubt in my mind if I was getting ripped off.  Sure enough, when I got my car back from my last oil change there the same oil filter was still affixed to the vehicle.  I'm not going to go into the method(s) I used to catch this but suffice to say there was no doubt, no doubt in my mind that's what was going on.   My opinion is that Findlay Honda out and out ripped me off on oil changes.  If I could go back and do it over again I would've turned them in to Honda and the State Atty General's office however, I was just too busy with personal stuff at the time to expend the time & effort to move in that direction (2 jobs, a family, & going to school).  What I concluded was going on was not an isolated incident, my opinion is that it was systemic policy of the shop.   As the saying goes, 'Your mileage may vary', and again, what I'm stating in this review is my opinion, but I refuse to do business with any establishment that cannot make $ in an honest fashion.  Bottom line:  If you have service done at Findlay I would STRONGLY suggest you demand your old parts back and ALWAYS go behind them to ensure you got what you paid for.Note: I didn't list when this last happened to me as I don't think it's relevant to the overall reviewing of this business.  That said, my guess would be there's been changeover since I last got jammed by them.  Furthermore, if I thought it was an isolated incident by a single employee my opinion of them might be different, and I might be willing to give them another shot, but that's not the case and I will NEVER trust any deanship with the Findlay name attached to it ever again.  Hope saving $3 on putting a new oil filter in my vehicle was worth losing my business for life Mr Findlay.
5	Lost AC in Utah. Got to St. George but they couldn't help us in a timely manner. So they called ahead to Vegas for us to get us set up for the next day. First they called Honda West, but the guy there was being a dickhead. Then they called Findlay. Guy was awesome and set us right up. Pulled up the next morning, the guy knew exactly who I was what I was there for. Got the car in, fixed, and out as promised. Free soda dispenser in the waiting room too!
5	If you want to buy or lease a car I highly recommend Findlay Honda. The salesman Robert Rojas, sales manager Michael Wagner, and the finance manager Lisa Schaerrer are good and honest people who actually want to help you without ripping you off.  Mary
5	My wife and I just bought a new Odyssey from there and it was by far the easiest and best experience buying a car I've ever had!Our salesman Brad Au Young could not have been better he really went out of his way to make us feel welcome and important.We had to alter our deal a couple times but Brad handled it with no problems and we are both very happy with our experience there.I will be back to buy another Honda from Brad once it's time for a new car!Thanks again Brad and thank you Findlay Honda northwest!!!
5	I
5	My hubby and I recently purchased a new Odyssey from Findlay Honda and were very happy with our experience. Shelly Liggett was our salesperson and she was phenomenal! She provided exceptional service, even staying after the dealership closed to show us how to set up our vehicle to our preferences. She also was wonderful during the process of purchasing the vehicle because she occupied our toddler while we were signing everything. We feel she went above and beyond our expectations. Also, the dealership was very quick to perform the add ons to our vehicle and were willing to work with our time availability. We have been pleased with our whole experience at this dealership.
4	Better than Honda West.. honda west service department are straight up lazy rude emplyees who would give you all kinds of crap excuses just to thwart you away thibking that you would be gullible enough to accept their effin epic stupid reasons
5	I came into Findlay Honda to purchase a car for my husband.  Gary Mamiya helped us out and was so helpful!  He answered all of my questions, and was never at any point a pushy salesman.  Garey, the Sales Manager also helped us out a lot.  All of the staff at Findlay Honda was great - by far the best car buying experience...and I've purchased/leased a great deal of cars!  I was so satisfied, that I came back one week later to purchase a new car of my own from Gary!  I highly recommend them to anyone, this has been a wonderful experience!
4	I bought my 2006 Honda here around 2008.  The bad ones has long since gone and there are many old faces since then.  Service side is cool.  Parts is good to go and ran by Fernando.  Free sodas, Starbucks coffee machine snd the lounges are not bad.
1	Findlay Honda used to be a great place to buy a car they treated you like a person not a sale. Definitely can't say that now. Started the process of buying a car Friday, went back twice couldn't make a deal. They the next day and today trying to make a deal, they asked what they could do to make it happen. We agreed on 21500 out the door, so I went to sign the paperwork and when I got there I discovered that 21.5 did not include the $1800 plus interest. When it was pointed out the manager Don got involved and began to treat me like I was stupid and insinuated that only I was not trying to pay interest but that I had wasted his time and his employees in the service departments time because they had to wash the car. He said he wasted money to pay them. He was extremely rude and I know I will never do business with them again and would not recommend going there. I have never been more pissed at a car dealership and I feel like I was lied to and treated like crap.
4	Needed a repair made due to a recall so decided to go ahead and schedule an oil change as well. I'm a little nervous about the price and wait time - heck, the whole experience - when taking a car to the dealer for service. Have to say I've changed my mind. The customer service was stellar... maybe it was the women who took care of me? :) Everything was handled quickly, efficiently, and I had my car back in a reasonable amount of time. Took advantage of the shuttle service to get home and the driver was courteous and kind. I was prepared for a list of "recommended repairs" like I often get at other businesses but it didn't happen. AND the price was right in line with what I'd pay at a "lube" place. Thanks, Findlay Honda, for making everything go smoothly. I'll be back.
4	Great service from Bob Gove. Went in yesterday and spent several hours with him, debating between buying our lease car or leasing a new Civic or Accord. Ultimately decided to buy, after running through various financing options with the ever-patient Bob.Lot was organized, staff was courteous, and all options were explained thoroughly in a straightforward manner. Evon in financing is a bit strong when pushing the extended warranty, but we ultimately decided against it. Hard-sell got old, not thrilled with this portion of our evening but understand it's part of their job.Additional star for great service, as Bob helped with insurance set up, registration/plates, and other car-related issues that aren't strictly under his responsibilities- going the extra mile was greatly appreciated.
