5	My review concerns the store, in general - Not their rental counter.I like this store because it has the "Mom & Pop" aura - The employees that are there have been there for some time, and Russ himself is always there to help out when needed.  That says something.The employees are EXTREMEMLY helpful - Overly-helpful at times, but I'm not going to complain about that!  Checking-out is super-fast, and selection of items is good.Sure, you might end up having to get something at Home Depot or Lowe's, but try and give Russ some of your business - You'll like what you find here.
5	Helpful staff. Easy to find layout. I'll be back!
4	Been shopping at Russes for 15 years... Old store to new store still my favorite  hardware store...
4	The best place to support the local guy! In Queen Creek for many years, Russ True Value still has that little town feel and great service without all the big box flash. I like it that they know me by name and take the time to help me with whatever I need. I vote with my dollars, so good service is important to me. We need more places like this in our community.
3	Its the only place out this way so I guess thats why they charge so much. didn't enjoy the pillaging of my wallet but the staff was friendly & this place has the 'odds & ends" Ace is known for
5	We recently moved to Queen Creek and several new neighbors recommended Russ Hardware to us as the place to go when you need things.  Have been there many times over the last 6 months and have been highly satisfied with their selection, quality of their goods and their friendly, helpful staff. Particularly like that they carry items needed for taking care of larger properties.
4	I have been here a few times and went in today to fill some propane bottles. These guys are much cheaper than any of the other places and on top of that, if you have a rewards card, you receive a further discount off their already cheaper propane.One of the guys took my bottles back for me and even though their tank was in the middle of being filled, they filled mine right up and I was done in no time.The other times I have been there I have experienced nothing but knowledgeable staff whom are more than willing to help.
