4	Love this place.  Let's be honest, nail places are a dime a dozen and they are all pretty much the same unless you are truely at a SPA.  First, this is not a spa so don't let the name fool you.  They have 3 pedicure chairs and 5 or 6 hair chairs for hair cutting, 2 chairs for manicures and 1 room (I think) for waxing.  I'm getting there.......so, the reason I like this place so much is you can understand them much better than your typical nail place (yes I'm sorry but I like this), they are NICE and actually spend the time on your nails that you wish most places did.  They file your nails exactly right, they're not lazy about it. (most nail places file my nails, paint them and when I get home realize my nails are all crooked!)  The owner Kelly actualy does the nails and hair too.  I was in there today and they actually called her in because it was so busy and they didn't want to turn anyone away.  She was there in 8 minutes!  Troon (sp?) is great. Very friendly and surprisingly the best one there (most guys I find are not that great).  Down side?  1. Eye brow waxing is not as meticulous as I expect 2. They don't have cable tv so not only is the tv behind my head so I can't see it, but it stays on whatever local sports are on all the time.  They should invest in cable and 2 more tvs for all to enjoy.  I shouldn't be encouraging anyone else to go here since one of the reasons  I like it also is because it is small / quaint and I don't feel like I'm in a cattle line waiting to get my nails done fast and furious.  All in all - 2 thumbs up!  This is not a "dime a dozen" and if you don't mind some of the down sides, you'll enjoy this place. If you do, say hi to Troon for me!
4	I love this salon.  It's great for guys as it's inexpensive, they're really fast, and they do a great job.  The staff is super nice and all speak fluent English.  My sister gets her Nails done and says they're the best in the Gilbert area.  Beware that this place is not a spa.. if you are looking for a spa atmosphere, go to Dolce.  If you want a great cut and brow wax for $22 (and still look like a man) Kelly's is it.
2	For a nail salon, they hire terrible techs. It was extremely disappointing. The tech that did my friends pedicure was obviously new and NO ONE was training her. I could not believe that after 38 dollars later, it looked like my 4 year old had painted her toes. I wish I could post a picture because I would. The pedicures were barely mediocre and very pricey, even for having a 20% off banner outside. Sorry, but we won't be back. There are better salons out there for a lot less money.
1	I recently decided to give into the trend of Ombre hair, which is a hair color that is dark at the top and gradually lightens as it goes down. My usual stylist who I loved recently relocated to another state, so, I've been searching for another place not to far from home. I went to this place and for a Saturday afternoon it was dead and you'd think at this point I'd have learned my lesson when it comes to places that should be busy but aren't. There were three girls there just sitting and watching TV and it startled them when I suddenly appeared. There were no prices listed anywhere and in my experience when the price isn't clearly stated that means it's going to be expensive. So, a woman who introduced herself as Tami and asked me if I wanted to look at some hair style books. I said no, I know exactly what I want and I asked her what she knew about Ombre and if she had ever done it before. She said no and I so described what I wanted and I was very through and specific. I also asked for long layers to be added to my hair. Tami said she understood and led me to a chair but I immediately had doubts that she "really" understood what I wanted. So, I asked the other girl if she knew what Ombre was and if she could relate to Tami in her native language so I could be assured she really understood me. She just smiled and nodded her head and spoke low to the other girl. This should have sent me running but I still wanted the hair cut and I hate being impolite. I decided that when Tami came out I would reiterate to her very carefully what I wanted. So, after Tami comes out I asked her, again, if she knew what Ombre was and if she really understood what I meant. She said yes, and I said okay but I was still uneasy and I knew I had made a mistake coming to this salon. Tami had already mixed her product and I felt like I had made a commitment. I know but it's how I was raised I couldn't jump out of the seat and tell her never mind it would have been rude! I know now that Tami does not have a real command of the English language and clearly did not understand me. I didn't realize how big of a mistake I made until I realized Tami was putting bleach in my hair. I told her I wanted natural colors nothing artificial looking and she was putting platinum highlights in my hair. I was trying to be polite when I saw the results but I think she sensed I didn't like it. Than came my hair cut, remember I asked for long layers. She whacked off a good four inches off my hair taking my extremely curly hair up to my collar bone-wet-and again before we got started I told her I didn't want that much off because I had curly hair.So, after it was all over I got NOTHING I asked for and the bill (after she gave me a little something off because, like I said, Tami knew I didn't like it despite the fact that I tried to act like I did) it was $80 before tip. So, after tip it was somewhere in the vicinity of $90 something dollars. It was a complete waste of my time, money and in my opinion I got butchered. I'm giving this place the lowest possible score because even though it's my fault for not leaving I still blame the salon and the stylist for the results. The stylist, Tami, either didn't understand me and made no real attempts too or ignored my requests and did what she "thought" was best. The salon is employed with people who cannot speak English to their biggest clientele, English speaking people. I will never go back...
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would.... This place sucked.... The service was horrible.... Me and a friend both got pedi-medi's and the job they did was horrible.... My friend got a full set and I got a regular manicure..... My friends full set was horrible.... She got a colored French tip.... Instead of the guy using a colored air brush for the French tip.... He used nail polish.... The French tip was down way to low.... And the lady doing my manicure pulled a nice chunk of skin off my finger.... It even started to bleed... The lady didn't try to apologize or anything.... She just continues to do my nails... Then the polish that both of us got was so dull.... They could've put a couple more layers of polish.... The next day me and my friends nail polish was chipping.... The pedicures sucked as well.... I can't even tell I got a pedicure.... My best advice for as anyone would be to run from this place.... They are so not worth a penny....
1	negative stars to say the least!!!! i have never been to a hair stylist that wasn't honest about what they can do for you especially after having an initial consult to begin with to see if it's possible.  so i went to see kelly august 2013 for a japanese straightener and had an initial consult a week prior.  she said she could do it even though i had highlights in my hair (which i didn't know then does not do well with this type of process).  i have had a japanese straightener before in japan on color treated hair and no issues.  i also routinely get keratin blowouts every 3-4 month's when i went for my consult i thought there wouldn't be any issue since she knew what my hair had in it.  needless to say, they turned my chair from the mirror while they flat ironed my hair and my hair was breaking off all over the floor's had a guy and kelly both doing each side so i couldn't really look at anything either cause they were trying to get done fast it seemed.  the end process i had no length anywhere the highlights were all broken off up to about an inch on the  top of my head couldn't wash it for a few days so didn't realize the damage until then.  i had to cut my bra length hair off to my neck to avoid looking like i had a mullet!!!!!!!!!  it had taken me years to grow my hair out and now i am starting all over again.  i was going to sue kelly and her salon for damages emotionally and financially but decided not to cause karma has a way of catching up to you;))  just wanted to put this out there though if you are thinking of going here.....beware.....you may not have any hair when you leave!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	They've always cut my hair since we moved to the area & never had any complaints...  My whole household gets all their nails, hair color, hair cut, waxing here!  Give them a try!  Very friendly folks over here...
