5	I don't get to worked up when the A/C goes out... It's a mechanical piece of equipment that will go bad at some point.  There is no use in fretting about it.  But, when it does go bad you want someone who has a CLUE and is HONEST about the issue.  We've only used them recently (after some dishonesty from another LARGE A/C contractor) and we are very happy with the work.  I didn't get "good news" from Jaycox but I got an HONEST evaluation of the problem and what it would cost to fix it and when they would be back to complete the work.  These folks are honest and act with integrity.  Thanks Jaycox A/C!
5	My 5-ton York went out on my home.After basic troubleshooting could not solve the problem, I called Jaycox. They had helped me some years ago at another home.Their diagnostic fee is more reasonable then another company I compared.They came same day at the promised time, found a seized motor and offered me some options. They were in and out in two hours. Peppered the technician with questions and he handled me well. I am not an engineer or tech but having lived in the desert for awhile am relatively knowleageable in HVAC and always looking to gain more technical knowledge. Felt the technician was completely straight with me. I like the motto on their service reciept "Bitterness of poor quality remains long after the sweetness of low price has gone". Could they have done anything better? Nothing I can think of.If you want honest, reliable service at a fair price, call them.
5	Wow!!!  I recently had 2 (0ther) AZ companies to my home for repair assessments. One told me  my fan motor was going out and gave me their rate on replacing my unit.  #2 told me it was a different issue, but I needed a new unit. Both of these firms had good reviews here, so buyer beware!!!Finally, I had the GREAT fortune to call Jaycox and Jake came my home (on time) on 9-25-14 and his assessment was a bad defrost board which he just bypassed.  He did NOT recommend that I get a new system ($5k savings for now).  Jaycox worked with my schedule as a teacher, answered numerous emails and texts from me during the day in a timely fashion.  Jolene was great with phone Customer Service.In short: if you need HVAC assist and are in their service area, They don't do the coupon stuff (to my knowledge), but those aren't always the best deals in the long run!!   I highly recommend this firm !!!  High five to Jaycox.
