1	DO NOT DO BUSINESS AT THIS JEWELRY STORE! THEY DAMAGED MY ENGAGEMENT RING!I was looking at wedding bands and asked for my engagement ring to be cleaned while I looked.  It was a customer comfort fit, and instead of just cleaning it as I had ask, the lady put it on a shaper to "reshape" it and completely bent it!  The jeweler was not in, and I was told the owner would call me first thing in the morning.  The owner did not call me as the manager had indicated, so I contacted him in the morning and told him I expected the store to pay for my ring to be fixed.  He was very rude & told me that he has been in the jewelry business for a long time and has never had any problems.  I responded that there was a problem now and asked how he was going to handle it.  He again insisted that he had not had any problems in the past but told me to call him once I got the ring repaired and he would "see what he could do".  I had the ring repaired for a cost of less than $75, but he will not call me or my husband back so we can work out the details for him to pay.   I have experienced how poorly and rudely he treats potential customers, and would highly recommend not purchasing anything from this store.I did file a report with the mall security so that I would have a documented record of what happened, and will try to pursue other options - perhaps small claims.
5	Just got back from Las Vegas where my fiancee and I bought our engagement and wedding bands from Joann.  Joann is spectacular and was a joy to work with during this transaction.  We had originally found the engagement ring over the Super Bowl weekend and had been in correspondence ever since.  Joann sent us pictures and worked with our likes and dislikes making sure this was a first class experience with the right fit for personal tastes.  When we arrived last weekend she had everything ready and we ended up spending about 3 hours at the store reviewing the engagement ring, fitting my wedding band and looking at other pieces for the future.This was a top notch experience.  The customer service levels that Joann and the staff at Ben Gioielli provided where thoughtful, professional and fu!.Thanks again Joann for making our engagement and wedding ring purchase truly special and memorable.Shawn and Renee
5	Amazing service, beautiful jewelry.I've purchased from Ben Gioielli twice now.  Last year, I bought a new bracelet and antique earrings and this past week I purchased another pair of earrings, this time new.  The experience was wonderful both times.When I returned to Vegas this year, I needed work done on the clasp of my bracelet.  I walked in and my bracelet was taken right back to the jeweler, who tightened the clasp as I waited.  No charge.  They told me that they will do whatever their customers need for as long as they have the jewelry.All pieces I've bought from Ben Gioielli have come with appraisals, which is excellent.I'm very impressed with the service and quality at this store!
5	My husband and I walked into this store for the first time and were greeted warmly by David. I noticed that the displays of jewelry were clean, beautiful and also unique. My husband wanted to purchase something for me as an early anniversary gift for our 30th. What impressed me about this store and the service was that I did not feel pressured, nor did I feel like I walked into a "chain" store where everything is mass produced. My husband and I will come back to this store to purchase more jewelry in the future. Thank you for the great experience.
2	Strolling around the Venetian, saw some nice earrings in the windows of Ben Gioielli.  Their shop says they are a vintage jewelry shop & looks like they had vintage & modern pieces alikeMaybe they are more like an estate jewelry shop - regardless, their selection is lovely!Tried on the earrings in question & it was love......but given we had just arrived in Vegas & had the whole day to play, we didn't want to commit to such a huge purchase right awayThe salesperson offered a large "discount" on the earrings, right upfront & advised us if we wanted to make a counteroffer, she would reach out to the owner on our behalf - this is what led me to believe they offer some pieces on consignmentSo we obtained the info & name of the person who helped us & left to think about the earringsA couple of days later, we decided to make an offer via email but didn't hear anything back for about a week - when a response finally arrived to advise us that unfortunately the owner did not accept our offer, however he did present a counterofferIt would have been great if the salesperson had acknowledged she received our message, so we weren't left wondering the whole week - or better yet, if she provided a status check to say she was in the process of contacting the owner & waiting to hear back......instead we were left in the darkWell, we were unwilling to meet the owner's latest asking price, so now we are back at the negotiating table.... or maybe we're not We presented a "final" offer & are still waiting to hear back.....and it's coming up on 3 weeks w/  no response or acknowledgement.....and we aren't going to beg to purchase those earrings & in fact, this non-communication has left me no longer interestedEven if the final, final answer is no, please follow up w/ your potential customers - when service is such a huge part of the overall shopping experience, have to say we've seen better
1	Be very careful purchasing jewelry here. Long delays in returning phone calls and emails. Also the salesperson changed the stone after we purchased(we only realized after it was delivered 4 weeks later). When the ring arrived it was missing a diamond and the sapphire had been changed out for a tourmaline. The store refused to refund the purchase, only offering to re-set the diamond. When taken to an independent appraiser(not a jeweler) the ring was worth 30% of what we paid. Very disappointed.
1	This is one of the worst jewellery shops that I have ever been to, and I have been to a lot! I have to confess that I did not doubt this place at all, because it is in the Venetian in Las Vagas, and I really did not think twice about giving my full trust and confidence to this place, because if you are not going to trust a place like this, which place are you going to trust? The answer from my experience is: Never ever trust any jewellery place and always be super cautious, and you can not be careful enough. From my experience here, I figured that it is actually quite the contrary, it is places like this scam more people than any other place and that is how they are always here. To explain more about my experience here, I visited with my wife and we were looking to upgrade her diamond ring, it was of great quality very clean and clear, etc but it was about .5 carat or so. We liked one that was listed for a little over $23,000 and had a certified diamond that was close to 2 carats with really good quality, etc.. Long story short, in negotiations the $23,000 came down to $13,000 and they would buy our old ring for $4000. The ring had to be resized, and they said that this should be absolutely no issue at all, and because we were leaving they would mail it with certified insured mail, and they will also not charge for tax because we are from out of state. They also stated that they will be making absolutely no profit with this whole deal, but they are willing to do it, to win us as customers and will gain our future business when we return. We received this as great news, and it actually was a fantastic deal that we both thought that was the high light of the trip and we returned happy back home. The nightmare started when we received the ring by mail, the ring was like it was run over by a car! It was bent and almost broken and the main diamond is out of the housing and many more diamonds on the side have fallen off the ring!! Panicked and alarmed my wife called them back, and they stated that this can not be true, because they inspect each diamond before it is shipped, and this one was inspected as well, after it was resized it was carefully packages and mailed, they claimed that if it was not damaged by us, then they should ask Fedex for the insurance money because it was damaged during shipping!! To me this made no sense, the whole package did not even have one dent or scratch on it, the enclosing box was brand new! I called and asked to speak with the manager and the owner, and their response was like: "Listen you are a reasonable man, our word is we sent it brand new, you damaged the ring, we will try to over look this and repair it for you free of charge as a courtesy, because we have been in business for 25 years and we never had anything like this happen before". At this point, I started to realise that I have been scammed and at this point what am I going to do? I remembered that my home has security cameras all over, and I was able to retrieve the videos showing the whole incident as we received the box, my wife opening it, calling me, and then taking photos of it and sending them by messages and email!! If I had to go to courts, now I have amazing back up to my story. I called again and informed them about that, but they thought that I might be just bluffing, but after weeks of talks, they said that the ring was repaired and ready for pick up. I decided that it would be best that I fly there just to make sure that all is well this time, and if things were not right then go to the police to file a report. At this point, I had absolutely no trust in this place, at the time of picking it up, I asked them to tell me the laser inscription on the diamond as I compare it to my certificate to make sure that the diamond has not been replaced. What a nightmare! But at least in the end, I got the ring with the right diamond, but I will never ever forget the whole ordeal and story of frustration that unfortunately haunts me every time I look at the ring!! From my judgment I am not sure 100% that the owner is the one responsible for orchestrating this whole thing, and if this is done to more people visiting from all over the world, if there really is a conspiracy theory or not. Or if this is happening by some bad manager, or employees, I guess I'll never know. But, it is important to share this experience to warn those whom are doing their homework by scanning reviews about places, and even if it was to late for those whom fell into the similar trap and experience the same ordeal that: No, you are not alone, and this has actually happened to someone else, that whole 25 years of No problem BS is not true, it is actually normal to have problems, but how to handle the problems and how to solve them is what establishes really customer service. Last note: Beware of Ben: Typical English Con man, so smooth, but he has a bad dark side, it is classic drama movie material. Needless to say: I'll never return
