4	Oh wow!  I can't believe no one else has reviewed this place yet!I've been here twice and it was amazing both times.  R and his family have been going here for a while now and love the place.  We'll be back in Edinburgh in a week and there's a chance we might be having dinner here one night so I'll be writing an updated review soon since it's been two years since I've been here.  I'm hoping it's as good as I remember.  If memory serves, they make the most amazing Chicken Korma...wow my mouth is watering already!
4	The Khukuri is an excellent Indian restaurant which serves amazing food and has friendly, efficient service to match.  I came here with my flatmates late last year and we all thought it was great value for money considering what a good time we had.  The restaurant itself feels quaint and cosy with neatly laid out tables, relaxing decor and some of the most friendly staff you could ask for.  The menu has an extensive range of authentic Indian dishes and prides itself particularly on the quality of its meat.  I went for the lamb Rogan Josh which had tender chunks of lamb in an aromatic and flavoursome sauce.  They also serve big, filling portions of rice to go with their main dishes.We spent less than a tenner each when the final bill came which we all thought was excellent deal.  This place is definitely worth a look!
4	The food is good and the staff true Nepalese, friendly and soft spoken. This brings me back to my time in Kathmandu
4	A nice little restauran tfor which I've never yet had to book a table.  Food good, service excellent and very reasonable.  The dishes are mostly indistinguishable from Indian food but the ocassional nice surprise on the menu.
5	I went here with a large party, and the staff treated us like royalty. They brought out a number of starter dishes so we did not have to choose everything by single person (even accommodating for the vegetarians). They also have such a variety of dishes that when it came time to order for 15 people, the staff were very patient.The food was great, served with some Nepali beer, and a variety of rices and naan. The owner even gave us (all 15) a small desert on the house because we were celebrating a birthday. They even wrote out a card!Overall the dining experience was great and matched the food as well. I highly enjoyed it.
5	Great variety. Great folks. Decent prices. Excellent alternative to standard Indian. Also, try the Everest beer - nice clean taste.
