4	My husband and I had to give in and take all our laundry to a laundromat; our washer broke down and the dirty clothes were piling up.  Wash Works is the closest to our house, so we decided to go there.  It's not quite as fancy as the website makes it out to be, but the washers come in various sizes, which saved us a ton of time - we washed really large washes and then brought them home to dry.  The machines don't use quarters, instead you buy a card and "load" it with wash money.  It's potentially confusing, but the attendent appeared like magic and explained everything.  I can't say enough about this woman and her customer service; simply outstanding, particularly in a laundromat!  We have money left on our card, which she would have cashed out for us, but the big machines are perfect for washing comforters and sleeping bags, so we decided to save the card and return when we had such a need.  If you have to go to a laundromat, this is a pretty good one to go to.
4	Can't beat $1/lb.
4	When we arrived a gentleman was power washing the laundry carts.  He asked if we could relocated the vehicle cuz he was also cleaning the parking spots. Not a problem.  It's good to see this kind of maintenance.So you have to purchase a card to run the machines since this place is coinless.  Cards cost .50 and the fee is deducted from the amount you spend.  For example, $20.00 got me a card with $19.50 -but they can be reloaded, so don't throw it away if you think you'll be back here ever.Location is clean and there are plenty of machines available, except for the single load uprights cuz a few of those had out of order signs posted.In order of size, prices are 1 (load) - $1.59, 2 - $2.59, 3 - $3.99, 4 - $4.79, 6 - $6.09, and 8 - $7.25.  Seems the average wash time is posted as 23 minutes......Cold morning and they have the doors open in front and in back.  So far the rinse cycle is looking good.  No suds visible like what I saw at Tempe, Rural & Broadway, laundromat.Dryers also vary in price based on size.  Six load dryer costs .80 for 20 minutes and the larger 8 load was $1.00 I assume for same amount of time.Although I could tell the washers rinsed efficiently, the dryers didn't seem to dry any quicker.  I will say that the dryers actually got HOT and didn't seem to waste minutes ($$) on a cool down cycle.  Again, the Tempe laundromat we previously visited had dryers that really weren't efficient at drying.Sorry for making comparisons but trying to locate a decent laundromat in the area is challenging enough and  i find details to be beneficial.What cost about $10 to dry at other laundromat cost $3.20 here. You do the math.Clean, maintained, and appliances functioning as anticipated.  No magazines, and you have to use your card to access the restroom if attendant isn't nearby.I spent less than $20.  Not great, but not as bad as I expected.
4	My dryer broke down, and the last thing I wanted to do was sit at a laundromat on a Sunday. To my surprise, this place didn't make me mind so much. The staff was super friendly and helpful (actually the guy who owned the place helped me get started, and you could tell he was just an all around nice guy). If my dryer is repaired or replaced soon, this is where I'm going. Dryers dried ($.45/10 mins) well and the double load washers ($2.30) we're quick and cleaned well. Facility was clean. Not packed until about noon.
4	This place is great! Our washing machine broke and it didn't take long for the laundry to pile up! The Wash Works facility looks a bit questionable from the outside but inside it is very clean and well-maintained. The trash cans were regularly emptied, the bathroom was clean, even the floors had been mopped recently. The attendant was friendly and helpful. He greeted us when we first came in and checked in with us to see if there was anything else we needed. Because we had a fair amount of laundry we used the 4-load washer. It only took about 45 minutes and only cost $4.50. It was so nice to have all that laundry fresh and clean in such a short time and it was definitely worth the money!
1	Had to use a laundromat since my washing machine broke down. Found this place since it is close to where i live and had good reviews. I give this place a 0. More then half the washing machines were out of order. In addition the free wifi was not working. Would not recommend or use this place again until they at least fix the machines.
