5	Great tacos, cold beer, friendly staff. I came for lunch, but need to come back to have drinks on the patio some evening. Good selection of cocktails too
4	The ambiance is very cool, very quaint and adorable.  I love the feel of the potted plants all around outside.  My favorite of this place is the salsa!  A very simple chips and salsa but they nailed it- just the right kind of spice and flavor, very good.  My second favorite part is the selection of condiments/sauces that they bring to your table.  My husband is a huge condiments fan, I can't wait to take him here.  I didn't go full 5 stars because our server wasn't the brightest- couldn't hear me at all and didn't get my order right.  However, everything was really tasty and very reasonably priced!  Total bill for a friend and I with drinks was less than $40.  I would absolutely recommend this place to friends and family.
5	such a cute place to go for brunch or dinner! they have an awesome healthy Mexican menu! food is delish!!! you can sit inside or out the place is just too cute! service and atmosphere is very welcoming! I will definitely be eating here very often!
5	Super excited Diego Pops opened up in this awesome spot in Old Town. Went last night and enjoyed every minute of our experience. My girlfriend and I had a great server, wish I could remember his name, he was super friendly (but not overly annoying) and explained the entire menu and drinks to us!First of all, the set up in here is perfect and so fun! The whole place is a 50ish diner theme with a twist (Mexican food) and the patio is great. Lots of space to sit and a great fireplace.The food was great especially when you consider that they just opened - I'm sure they are still working out a lot of kinks. We started with the corn queso, awesome flavor, could have been much warmer but still good. I had the house salad that was topped with a ton of awesome veggies and had some sort of garlic vinaigrette that was delicious  - I chose the steak as the meat and definitely glad I did. It was cooked perfectly. My friend had the Poke and also liked her food a lot!! The alcohol selection is good- they make all their margaritas fresh and don't use any pre made mixes. They also have tequila flights, we opted out of this but I'm sure it's pretty legit if you are a tequila lover.For dessert, they have an ice cream bar!!!!!! (Obviously I really liked this part- even though we didn't order anything). It was super adorable and you can just walk in and order at the ice cream bar if you don't want an entire meal. This place was great, we will definitely be back! Check it out- I really want Diego Pops to stick around :)
5	It's about time old town Scottsdale offered a trendy, inexpensive, atmosphere that offers AMAZING Mexican food! Also, my favorite thing about this place is that there are healthy options! This is a great location right in the heart of old town surrounded by plenty of shops, art galleries, among many other things to do. Diego Pops offers both inside/outside seating. Tables, booths, couches, and bar stools. There is also a bar with more fancy drinks without the use of Tequila than I've ever seen in a Mexican restaurant! Don't get me wrong...the Tequila was definitely flowing;) I'm a HUGE fan of coconut so if there are any coconut fans out there I highly recommend getting your drinks right from an actual coconut!There was a lot of great items to choose from on the menu and my favorite go to item on this menu was the tacos. All of the tacos were great but the one that stood out from the rest was the shrimp tacos! YUMMMMMM! We had the s'mores dessert that tasted just like it was right off the campfire minus all the work it takes to make one! Our waitress was very attentive and the manager was present ensuring that all of the customers were receiving the best service. Overall, we loved this place for the atmosphere, food, drinks and service and will definitely frequent here!
5	Awesome new spot in Old Town! The retro feel in this Mexican restaurant was super unique. Patio seating with a fireplace is always an added bonus in AZ. The margaritas were exceptional. We had the traditional poke appetizer, good for a couple people. For dinner we tried the braised pineapple pork bowl and the shrimp tacos. Outstanding! They have a nice selection of homemade salsa/dressings to try with your meals, too. Really enjoyed this place and will definitely be back soon!
5	I have been here twice and I have loved it both times! The decor is super cool, the staff are super friendly and the drinks are delish! My fav. Is the Mexican Trail Mix Salad sooo yummy and the Brussel sprout nacho thing is out of this world crazy but ultra delicious- you have to try it! Parking is convenient! Will be going back soon!
4	A welcome addition to a neighborhood in need of better taco offerings.  Will carve out a nice niche, better than America's but not quite as pricey and crowded as Barrio Queen.  The salsa bar makes highlights the best chips in the area and their seafood offerings are among the best on the menu.
5	It's very rare these days to find a restaurant that's an all around gem. The food, service and atmosphere were all on point!! You MUST try the Brussels sprout nachos!  The chips and salsa are to die for and the sauces you get with your meal are never ending!! Give this place a try! You will fall in love with it instantly!
5	Stumbled upon this gem on accident, what a pleasant surprise! Very unique fun aesthetic with a mod 50s vibe. Great service, delicious food, and amazing cocktails. I ordered the crispy cod bowl and I would highly recommend!
3	I have been here twice in a week and was hoping for a better experience my second time around. They just recently opened and still have kinks to work out, but I totally get this. My first visit I had the watermelon Margarita and it was way too sweet. We had the Brussel sprout nachos and they were good, probably the best item I have had on the menu. My second visit I shared the Tulum Poke on coconut rice. I was disappointed because I love poke. The fact that they have 3 different options for poke they just pour the sauce on top of the poke instead of it being marinated in the sauce. It was lack luster in taste and small portion of Tuna on a heaping mound of rice. We had the street corn dip which was good but not hot enough in temperature.  I had the chicken green chile taco and shrimp taco. I felt that everything is just under seasoned and I am not a huge salt fan. The plethora of sauces help liven up the tacos. I had the coconut margarita, it came in a cool mini coconut, but I feel the coconut water does not go well with the margarita mix. The atmosphere is adorable and I really want to like this place. I will come back in a couple of months to see if they have worked the kinks out. I really hope so!!
5	Great food, super atmosphere, friendly service. The tacos are very  filling , start with two  and  add more if needed!
4	Who would think you could convert a pottery store into a cool restaurant?  Great atmosphere, great service, reasonable prices...great combo, and fun!
5	Beyond tasty!  Fresh flavors and healthy options, how can this be Mexican food?  Trust me just go. Have the Brussels sprout nachos and die at how good the mix of flavors are. What a creative chef. I also loved the jicama radish and cu umber side with chipotle greek yogurt dip. Had a green chili chicken taco and hubby had skirt steak platter. Tons of leftovers. Margaritas were perfect. Service five star. Adorable inside and out but we sat outside. Just go, go now!!!
5	Great atmosphere, service, good food and decent prices. Terrific spot to spend and afternoon!
3	I was really excited to try this place.  I live in the neighborhood and am dying to have a go-to cheap, fun, Mexican restaurant...but this will not be it.  I love the atmosphere, especially on the patio.  I wish the taste of the food was as good.  Overall, I found things to be underseasoned, and I am usually the one complaining about saltiness.  We started with the corn dip, which was alright but kind of ruined by the fact that it was lukewarm.  The chips were very fresh and crisp, though.  Then we had one of the poke dishes over rice--very bland.  If you want good poke, go a few blocks down to Hula's.  Then, I had a shrimp taco and a steak taco.  The steak had good flavor when I ate it alone, but the taco wasn't great.  Same with the shrimp taco.  I also taster my friend's pork entree.  He liked it, but, once again, I thought it was bland.  And, yes, I did try adding several of the different sauces that they provided, but I still wasn't crazy about anything.  I would like to go back to have drinks on the patio, but I'll probably have dinner elsewhere.  Or maybe I'll try the Brussel sprout nachos, which I'm told are very tasty.
4	Fun vibe with great outdoor seating and bar area.  We tried three different tacos, chicken, pork & salmon and all were excellent.  If you don't like a sauce, they will leave it off and bring you eight more to choose from at your table, all homemade and delicious.  If you like salsa, don't skip the salsa & chips.  It isn't free like most Mexican restaurants, but it is far more tasty!  It too is made fresh daily and the heat can vary.  Last week it was milder, last night almost too hot for me, but my wife LOVED it.  Had to bring home an extra order!  We are going back.
5	Definitely for foodies! Excellent drinks and tacos. The brussel sprout nachos shouldn't be missed
4	I had such a great dining experience at Diego Pops tonight Our server Cait was excellent She gave us a run-down of the menu and told us about the goodiesThe entire menu was very intriguing and on this particular visit, I went with the Green Chili Chicken bowl... With the rice and "refried" beans optionFor starters we had the chips and salsa and we also added on some guacamole... Omg they were soooo good... The salsa had a kick to it, which I love... And the guac was equally as tasty...I had the sangria rojo and it complimented the meal very well... The bowl was pretty interesting when it arrived but once I started eating it, the favors were immense... I can't wait to go back to try the tacos and cocktails Such a good experience.. Will recommend to friends... Ps- parking is great at this location! Side and front lots available
4	As a 20 year resident of Scottsdale, I remember this location being a pottery shop for the longest time.It's nice to see them redevelop the building into a cozy Mexican restaurant.  The patio and outside bar are good areas to enjoy a meal when the weather is nice.The prices are reasonable and I enjoyed my skirt steak rice bowl with stewed beans.  The flavors and the different sauces that you can add make for a nice option without the heavy sauces and cheese that come on dishes at most Mexican restaurants.Overall I enjoyed my experience here and plan to return.
5	Fantastic food. Had their BBQ chicken bowl and crispy cod bowl. The crispy cod was excellent, just enough fish and crispness to work together! Definitely recommend choosing the coconut rice, it's very different. Also, the roasted garlic beet sauce is very tangy and very good. Had their chocolate coconut sundae, a bit disappointed because no hard shell of chocolate so it was mostly just coconut ice cream but it was very good soft serve and their coconut whipped cream is fantastic!! Would definitely recommend this place, it's also very trendy and the ambience is casual and fun.
5	Been there twice and it keeps getting better! Brussel sprout nachos are unique and incredible!
5	Holy god!! Everything is so so good!! Let's just start off with service... So immediate, so friendly, so helpful!! Food came out almost instantaneously!!  We ordered salsa (very spicy), guacamole (worth every penny), and their corn queso to start (out of this world)!!  The pineapple pork taco was sweet and delicious! The green chili chicken bowl was literally cooked to perfection! Needless to say we were stuffed after all this! The "fresh one margarita" was very fresh. Oh, and if you come Monday for happy hour (3-6) you get 1/2 price apps, and discounted drinks... And all day Monday is Taco Monday... So $2 and $3 tacos!!  This is seriously AMAZING and needs to be checked out by all!
5	Seriously my new favorite place in old town to go after work. Great happy hour prices but I totally underestimated the amount of food they give you when I first came here and overate haha. The taco bowls are huuuuuge. I also love love love that you can get jicama and cucumber as a side. And honestly the only thing that Diego Pops is missing is flan in their dessert menu. If they added that I would be there every day.
5	Very cool atmosphere. A lot of healthy choices.  Had the Adobe Chile Chicken bowl  which is fantastic. Had the chicken soup as an appetizer and it tasted great, but all of the cheese melted and was at the bottom of the soup. It is a very casual atmosphere. The food comes out quickly.  Did not have dessert but they have soft serve coconut ice cream. Thy have a choices of sauces for the tacos and bowls that tasted good.  Service was good and quick. Thy have private parking right in front of the restaurant. They have a huge outdoor patio with heaters.
5	My wife and I have been to this place twice already. We've tried the bowls and the tacos.  Nothing has disappointed. The service is pretty great and the ambience is fun.  The tacos are decent sized and jam packed with flavor. I thought the adobo chicken bowl was awesome.  Seriously awesome. My only criticism was that it wasn't spicy enough. But you can change that by getting their salsa. I had it with chips. It had nice heat and was super chunky. I could definitely make this a regular place to go.
5	Wow what great food! I love the funky vibe of this place!
4	Had a really solid meal here on Taco Monday. We had the Brussels sprout nachos which were very unique a tasty. We also had the pineapple braised pork, bbq chicken, and crispy cod tacos. All three were very good, especially for the two dollar price point. Service was great. I'll definitely be back.
5	New kids on the block in Scottsdale.....great tacos and atmosphere. Can't miss the bright pink neon sign outside. Brussels sprout nachos looked amazing....if you're into that sort of thing! A great place for taco Tuesday!
4	Came here for lunch. Was seated immediately. I ordered two tacos and a side of the coco rice. The steak taco was a little tough but not that tough. Nice flavor and served on white corn soft tortilla. I was really impressed by the green chili taco  lots of layered flavors.  I would order this one without hesitation. Although, I walked here, it appears that parking may be an issue when the next door neighboring restaurant re-opens.   All in all, a great new casual dining spot in Old Town.
4	I love this place, we first tried it on Christmas Eve and of coarse we ordered the Brussels sprout nachos. Half off appetizer during happy hour (3-6pm). The nachos were AMAZING! It's got corn, oaxaca cheese, roasted brussels sprouts, pickled onion, chili, pink sauce (roasted garlic beet crema) & fried egg. My boyfriend and I also ordered the steak bowl with creamy pinto beans. It was good! the combination of the house coleslaw adds crunchiness and the grilled onion compliments the steak! I came back to celebrate my birthday with my classmate and we ordered tacos and the brussels sprout nachos. I was not a big fan of their tacos. I got the shrimp taco, braised pineapple pork and the adobo bbq chicken. The only taco I liked was the shrimp taco. The pork and the adobo chicken was alright. I want to try the crispy cod and plantain next time. My classmates enjoyed the brussels sprout nachos, they said they'll come back for more.
