4	This club is definitely beautiful. The location is not easy to find. Plus its not a mega club with 3000 seats. There's plenty of seats. It's very intimate. I went there for a job interview actually. I scoped the place out before and it was pretty dead. Doesn't really bump till about 10pm.  The bar there is very nice with great selections. Upstairs has another beautiful bar. Plus there's private rooms that are very intimate, each one is different. It's almost like a club setup. The DJs pretty cool. The bar staff is very friendly. The girls here....well I watched this one...Kennedy who was a headliner. The stomach and leg control for pole tricks were the best I've ever seen. EVER! FOR E VERRRRR! Yea She can give Cirque people a run for their money. It was A MAZ ING! I wasn't sure if she was a snake, or monkey, but she....yea WOW. I was too nervous to get a lapdance due to injuries I thought I would sustain. But over all there were about 4-5 girls I would have gotten dances with. Drink specials go on. Sundays I think it's beers and Jack and Cokes for 3 bucks.Currently they don't have a lot of traffic. We went to Live Band Night which is Sundays. I think it has a LOT of potential. Not too many girls. But I bet if I didn't have ten people with me, that we would get more action ;) I would go to Minxx again. Regardless if I get a job there or not. BTW If I bartend there, you better come see me.Yes they did have a bad rap with Pacman Jones shooting.  But the reality is - there's shootings anywhere. This just happened to be someone famous. Give it to October. I'll bet this place will be bumpin. Haha I bought my friend Billy a dance from this tattooed girl named Flower. She was really sweet. He was scared. Kinda like Home Alone 2 scared....Her boobies were gonna hurt him. There was fear in that boy's eyes....
5	Minxx was nothing short of outstanding. I've been there for two bachelor parties' with about 15 people each time. They picked us up in a limo bus, which was rad, for free and brought us back to the hotel for free.    The drinks were good and a great price for Vegas. The girls were beautiful and super friendly/flirty which was fine for me. Some of the best pole dancers I've seen too.It 's a very intimate setting that both guys and girls will enjoy. I really enjoyed my experience because the customer service was exceptional. Some of the other strip clubs are too big with too many jabronies. Minxx is a perfect upscale place for the bachelor pary or the weekend vegas warrior.Lord Pounder
5	The interior of this club is freakin' awesome.. And that's not lingo I use often. The place is Huge, and we were offered a free VIP tour. So we saw VIP rooms, a shower etc.. Nice.  This place is way more like a dance club or lounge than a strip club, and that suits me fine. It's off the strip and a little tricky to find, but luckily there are HUGE billboards everywhere to lead you along.One word of advice, bring your $$ cause this place is pricey on drinks and entertainment.
