4	I am a regular at this salon. Love, love, love this place! I usually request Dani as my technician. She is super fabulous and friendly. She always takes her time to give my hands and feet the proper attention. She is also the one that got me hooked on the gel polish. I also get my eyebrows wax at this place. Perfect shape every time! Just prepared to wait a little because the wax lady is visited my EVERYONE. She does great work. I've been coming to this place for about 2 years and have never had any complaints.
1	This place was awful. They were very rude and $25 was the price for a reg pedicure and it was a rip off. Whole thing lasted like 10 minutes. A 2 year old could have made my nails look better than they do now! Please dont come here!!!!
3	I've been coming here for a while, usually get my eyebrows wax, and nails every once a while. One of the guy does a great job on the nails, I'll need to ask his name next time, not rush like some of the service I got from the girls.  Kinda pricey, but I haven't fround other places I like yet, so will still come back.
1	My husband and I went in for pedicures and I was appalled at the customer service immediately.  It took ten minutes for us to even be acknowledged by anyone while standing at the podium (albiet, they were extremely busy for a Sunday afternoon).  I believe a big group had come in and it was either the manager or owner who was running around trying to figure out who had paid, etc.  While I was standing at the podium, literally four employees walked up and were no more than a foot from me and didn't even look at me or acknowledge me standing there.  My husband and I were called back and the actual pedicure was nice, but my toenails were all cut at a slant instead of straight across and they look dumb.  On top of that, as the manager was running around talking to all the technicians about this payment issue, she started YELLING at one of the employees saying it was her fault, etc.  As a retail manager for over a decade, I know that you do not confront employees IN FRONT of customers and the way she talked to her was terrible.  It was completely awkward for the customers and employees.  Completely unprofessional.  I liked how new all the machines were and the massage chairs were nice, that's why I wanted to try this place out, but I will stick to my other salon that is a little less new where the people are at least friendly.  Very disappointed.
1	I just moved to Charlotte and was trying to find a new nail place close to my house. I went in for a manicure and the lady decided she only had time for a polish change. A polish change is the easiest service for a nail tech to do and it was horrible so I can only imagine how the other services are. Luckily there are plenty of other nail salons nearby that do a much better job.
4	I had a mani- pedi here today. I was a bit nervous because of bad reviews but it was not bad. Not 5 star- maybe 3.5. Very clean and nice salon. Limited polish selection. Pedi better than mani. I'll go back again in a crunch.
4	This place is great. I have been coming here for sometime. I always go with the same lady and she does a fabulous job.
1	I just moved to Charlotte so I am looking for a nice nail salon. I have visited this place twice. A guy did my nails the first time, he was pretty good. I had my own polish and requested a clear coat of gel to be put on top. He did it, it was only an extra $5. When I went back the second time I got a different girl, when I told her what I wanted, she said we don't do that here. I told her I had received that same service 2 weeks before. She said we can put gel underneath your polish for an extra $15! Are you kidding me??? You are charging me 3X what it should be. The girl also did a rush job on my pedi, at this point I wish I had requested the guy I had the first time. This place is very expensive, I am sure you can find a much better nail salon than this! Don't waste your time or money here.
1	Just visited this salon for a mani/pedi. I was dissapointed with the deluxe pedicure. The lady sitting beside of me had her feet in the wax the entire time of my pedicure that is how rushed mine was. My entire pedicure was about 15 minutes at most. When I sat down for my manicure knowing how the pedi went I asked to upgrade the mani to the premium which included a 15 minute lower arm massage. I do not know if she did not understand me but I did not receive the wax or massage. 10 minutes later she's asking for my credit card and my total is $49.00. I will not be back.
1	Bad pedicures they barely scrub and dead skin off they tell you they got a color then they say they can't use it after you have your toes painted so you leave the salon with mix match nails.
5	I've been going here for almost 2 years. It's very clean and they do a good job. Jessica does my nails and she is fabulous. They always look very natural (I get full sets). She is very friendly and listens to what I want and also helps me pick out colors. If Jessica isn't available, I go to Tim. He is also very good and is nice too. I do not feel the prices are too high compared to other salons. I'm very happy with beverly nails and will continue to go.
