5	Most everyone knows about First Friday events downtown, but less folks are familiar with the group that puts them on - Artlink.  This group started small, and has done amazing things for the Arts community in Phoenix.  Though First Fridays have become absolutely huge now, and it hardly feels the same - I actually love hanging with the crowds once a year for Art Detour.Once a year more galleries open, and lots of businesses will display art instead of just Friday night it's Friday, that Saturday and Sunday!  I've brought new people with me every year and no one is ever disappointed.  Some folks like to drive from one spot to the next and that definitely has it's advantages!  It's also fun to take the shuttle around.  You can have some fun conversations, find out the skinny on a particular gallery, or get hot spot info from the bus drivers.  And while both First Friday and Art Link are definitely All-age events, there are generally several after parties for the over 21 crowd sponsored by individual locations.Art link has some great volunteer opportunities too, and it can be a great way for someone new to town to get to know people while learning all about the downtown art scene.
5	I guess this is the place to comment on First Fridays.  I went to it tonight and it was a blast.  It was really nice to see lots of kids and families out experiencing art of various types.  It's really an impressive array of work.  The quality varies, but there's something for everyone I would guess.  I only hit about 25 spots in one neighborhood around Roosevelt/1st - 7th/the other random side streets around the area.Loved the use of the housing as studios and the welcoming atmosphere.  There were a ton of cops around too for some reason.
5	* Flamethrowers* Stare-down contests* Cyclist activists sporting pink undies* DJ spinning in a treehouse* Cool beer and wine bars* Oh yes, and art.  Real, organic art made by our local neighbors.  It's not in New York, not in Chicago -- it's all in our downtown Phoenix.I like to credit Artlink with single-handedly improving the vibrancy of Downtown Phoenix with its First Friday Artwalk.  It's one of my favorite pasttimes about living in Phoenix and is a true testament to the cultural destination our area has become. I read somewhere that it's the largest artwalk in the country now and is growing each month.   I make it a habit to go every month.  It's something everyone (art-lover or not) should experience.
4	Oh Artlink!  Thanks so much for keeping First Fridays Alive!  And for putting together Art Detour every year!  I am excited to see how much better it will be now with the dis-banding of the flea market atmosphere that had taken over!  I double the Hooray for Artlink!
5	Artlink saved First Fridays. I used to hit First Fridays every once in a while because I liked it, but couldn't deal with all of the random junk people were selling along Roosevelt. Now, not only do I love First Fridays, but I've been a vendor at each one since June and will continue to be. They have created a great environment for the crowd and cleaned up the vending so it's actually fun to cruise through. It's the most culture you'll find in the Valley in one night and there's something different each month. It's a great excuse to explore a part of the city that's really coming around and support local businesses at the same time. Next time you go to First Fridays, stop by the Durtbagz booth and say "hi"!If you haven't been to any of the local bars around First Fridays, you're really missing out. Thanks Artlink!
5	The most fun to be had sober and in public...A great friday night. Plenty of art, crafts, photography, great fry bread, tamales, hot dogs and the like. Definitely headed back every month, so see ya there!
5	A fun, outrageous evening to be had with your fellow Phoenicians. A little snacking, some political view points, shared, some art to be seen, some art to be watched and numerous artists and musicians to be enjoyed. How did Phoenix ever get this fun?
5	Wow, did they ever fix First Fridays. I had almost given up due to the distances, the crowds, getting pushed off the sidewalk by goth kids with glowsticks and cloves.  Now it's so much better!I mean you still get to say "look at that effin hipster" every five seconds, but now you are doing it from a nice, safe and blocked off Roosevelt.  Everything is accessible, no more scary walks down by vacant lots to get to the next grouping.I got see Imperial Storm Troopers (I bet they were sweating up a storm!) 2 of the 4 Ghostbusters, the Sisters of Mercy and a guy in a pink fuzzy suit (possibly a teletubby?) who gave me a totally free hug!Took the light rail down, had a nice dinner, walked off part of the pasta, checked out some art and had a great time people watching.   The decision to consolidate the First Fridays area was a stellar one, and I will be back for sure now - I just may wait until it cools off again.
2	This review is attributable to the First Friday Event that took place on April 1st 2011.Sorry folks, First Fridays is not for me. I went last week hoping to discover an exciting new aspect of the Valley's cultural ascendance but I left feeling totally bummed. The whole scene felt like a sort of bizarro reverse Scottsdale Fashion Square counterculture. Like day vs night, conformists vs non-conformists, capitalists vs social anarchists.  I felt like I was engulfed by people trying so hard not to fit in that they somehow managed to become clones of themselves. And you know what sucks about the whole thing?... I'll bet there are dozens of extremely talented young artists whose work is completely overwhelmed by sheer sensual overload of this spectacle. A perfect example would be this fantastically talented young girl singing and playing guitar. She couldn't be more than 16 years old. Great voice. About 35 feet away there was loud punk rock band jamming away completely drowning out our fresh faced heroine. Or, was it the opposite? Maybe I was the one who was wrong and it was my youthful singer whose little amplifier managed to get in the way of an even more talented band, maybe Phoenix's version of Social Distortion or the Misfits? Either way, I was totally disoriented....... and bummed.  I felt the same way about the conventional art on display. I made a concerted effort to find unique works, possibly a piece that really resonated with me that I would want to see on a wall in my home. Instead 90% of what I saw there reminded me of the doodles and art class projects that my friends and I used to create when our lives were devoted to playing Dungeons and Dragons and watching Hellraiser marathons on VHS.  On a side note, is it just me or do young people who devote their lives to blood, gore, pain and suffering annoy anyone else? If these kids think life sucks now I can't wait to see them after they end up with hundreds of thousands of dollars in student loans only to realize that their newfound reality will be years and years of toiling away in the friendly confines of a 6 square foot gray cubicle. And compared to many third word citizens this new reality would be considered paradise. It's that lack of perspective that I have a hard time accepting. But we all go through our phases and I wish them the best of luck. Trust me, I feel horrible that I have to write a negative review. I know there is some really great stuff out there. I just couldn't find it. It didn't take me long to simply give up and start drinking. Fortunately we found a cool little place to drown our sorrows called "Lost Leaf" which turned out to be one of the highlights of my evening. The only way I would go back is if someone convinces me that they can show me all the hidden gems at First Friday buried amongst the dark alleys and dusty, vacant lots. If that happens I would be glad to revise my review and formally apologize for not having the patience to discover these cultural treasures on my own. And before you rip me apart for not having the ability to see the true beauty of this event please understand that I have read Chomsky, Zinn, Hitchens etc...I spent much of my youth hobnobbing with homeless buskers at The Pearl Street Mall in Boulder. I studied Marx and Engels in college and I have spent entire days soaking it all in at the Pompidou and Musee d'Orsay. And to top it off, I hand wrote "Nader" on my presidential ballot once, and might do it again someday. So spare me the tired accusations of xenophobia and intolerance. BTW...Go Buffs!
4	I went to April's First Friday this year not knowing what to expect. Downtown was so much more crowded than I imagined it would be. I had no idea where to park since I wasn't sure what I even wanted to do other than eat at the food trucks which are located between 3rd and 5th street on Roosevelt. I ended up parking in the Phoenix Public Market lot. I got there around 8pm and luckily found a spot. Walking the streets (no, I'm not a hooker) was a bit overwhelming. There was a mix of people on the streets, but I will say that I felt like I stood out like a sore thumb.. I guess I'm on the preppy side. Popular trends were skinny jeans, cloves and bohemian folk. We basically just walked where there was crowds because there was something to see everywhere. There is so much going on with street performers, art/jewelry sellers, art galleries, that I don't feel like I even came close to fully experiencing First Friday. I was happy that I got to try some food truck goodies (bacon ice cream from Sweet Republic; banana rumballs, stuffed jalapenos, bombay fries w cucumber dipping sauce from Sunshine & Spice; portabella tacos from Carte Blanc). I'm looking forward to checking out First Friday again.. so four stars since it reeled me in! I now know to expect there to be a lot of people and some rowdiness, but lots of cops patrolling and monitoring the crowds.
