5	This is my new pizza hang out and take out joint.  I really like it.  It is a total neighborhood bar and pizza place.  I've had the salads, pizza and wings -- all were really good and at a good price.  I am looking forward to trying the sandwiches.  They look really good.It's casual, easy going and the bar looks like it can get pretty neighborhoody fun.
4	We read the reviews and stopped in this evening. The salad was great and plenty. The pizza was fresh and delicious. We will definitely go there again. Great neighborhood restaurant.
3	The pizza here is really good. It has a real pizzeria feel to it. Also seems like a cool bar to hang out at. I havent had there wings but I heard they are pretty good. So I was going to order some for delivery one night. I tried to order them like I always order my wings, with the hot and bbq sauce mixed together and then tossed on the wings. They told me they couldnt do that. WTF?! Any legitimate place that sells wings will do this. So I asked if they could just put the hot sauce and the bbq on the wings, you dont even have to mix it. They still said no but they could put the bbq sauce on the side.. Haha, so I said, "you cant just put the bbq sauce on the wings instead of on the side?" still no, so i said no thanks and hung up. Kinda ridiculous if you ask me, It might sound like I was being a pain in the ass but i really wasnt asking much of them. I have worked at many restaurants and people order wings like this all the time, its a really simple task to complete. But the pizza really is good.
5	Great pizza! Live music on the weekends (Friday and Sat. nights only, I think). Always a lot of people, but I've never waited for a table. Excellent service. The only pitfall is that there aren't a lot of food choices outside of pizza. A few calzones and sandwiches and very basic salads, but not much else. Still, it's called Fatso's PIZZA - so if you want pizza, check it out!
2	Average food, VERY limited delivery area, and abrupt customer service.  Very meh.
2	Only had the Chef Salad and while it lived up to the name in portion size, it was boring as all get out. I'm gonna have to try to their pizza on of these days. No lunch special besides the slice of cheese pizza, booooooo. Really, nothing special. 12 bucks for a salad and an iced tea. Should have went to Picazzo's.
5	A great pizza place in the north phoenix!  Their wings are so amazing I dream about them. The pizza is equally delicious! It is a great place to hang with friends and catch up over a beer (they have a tone on tap) while you treat yourself to some great food!
5	I ate here this weekend for my first time... The wings and pizza were GREAT! The atmosphere was great... It was a mixed neighborhood crowd and the people were all friendly. I'm definitely going to be back soon! Enough said!
4	I decided to wait until I had eaten a couple of meals to rate this place. I had some of their sandwiches and two of their thin crust pizzas. Their thin crust is pretty good. Good toppings, thin on the sauce, overall it'll put a smile on your face. Their extra large thin crust will feed 5 adults pretty easily.It has a very relaxed atmosphere. My niece and the children at the other table approved. The bar had a few televisions with different football games on them.
1	So I thought I would order from my local neighborhood pizza joint for a quick Saturday afternoon lunch. Big mistake! The cheese tasted like rubber, pepperoni was small and crusty, the crust itself tasted like cardboard. I picked it up and the atmosphere seems pretty cool inside, just don't expect good pizza, this was by far the worst I've ever had. We got a large and threw the leftovers out, you know it's bad when that happens.
4	We took our two kids here for the first time. It was a nice family atmosphere. Very casual and loud so we didn't have to shush our kids. But, they recieved no crayons etc. It also took a really long time for our server to show. The wings were a bit dry but still tastey. We loved the pizza though. It was delicious! Our only complaint would be the slow service. There seemed to be only one waitress for the entire restaurant! I would go here if I wanted to take my time and socialize. The food was good and the staff was friendly. Our waitressed worked her tail off so I blame management for the slow wait. I'd go again for sure. Maybe just order takeout next time though! (only because I have impatient little ones)
4	Great neighborhood pizza place. They have amazing baked wings. Good pizza with fresh ingredients. Service is good. If you don't like coffehouse-type music, don't eat in Thurs.-Sun. nights!
5	Like the name says...some good pizza to fill up on! Also many beers on tap to wash down the slices. Fatso's also has a great Caesar Salad, but you'll want to share...this is no place to be on a diet.
5	Great pizza, solid baked wings, and a nice selection of draft beer. Try the specialty pies including the Killer and the Great White.  Nice, friendly staff and a lot of regulars at the bar.  Live music on the weekends.  The only problem I have is that they close a bit early for weekend nights, so make sure you are there before 9 to get your pizza order in, because if it's slow they may have shut down the kitchen early.
4	I had almost stopped eating Pizza because it was so difficult to find really good Pizza anywhere in Virginia.  When I relocated to Phoenix and a friend recommended Fatso's I didn't expect to find Pizza I could love again!  The thin crust is perfect, the cheese not too greasy or too salty and the pepperoni is cooked just right for me.  I like it crispy like bacon.  The green peppers are fresh and the sauce tasty.  Can't ask for more than that!  I've eaten in a few times and the service has been sporadic.  My first time the service was fast and attentive, the last time just the opposite.  The waitress seemed to have better things to do.  The times in between were nothing memorable so the service must have been adequate. The live music is fun and they change musicians enough to allow for conversation in between singers.  The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because of the sporadic service.
5	This is my favorite pizza in all of Phoenix! I have been eating here since they opened in 1993, and they have NEVER disappointed me. I typically order a thin crust pizza with mushrooms and a dozen hot wings with LOTS of ranch dressing :) Let me break it down for you:Pizza - The crust is not cracker thin, but it's not doughy. It's basically the perfect crust. The sauce has great garlicy flavor with loads of yummy spices, and the cheese they use is YUMMY! I'm guessing it's provolone?Wings - I typically order the mild wings, and they still have a kick to them. They are pretty big, nicely crispy, and sauced to perfection :) They are delicious when dunked into their home-made ranch dressing!They have a full bar, which is really nice for watching football on Sundays. They also have a pool table, live bands on some nights, and open mic night (not my cup of tea, but I thought I'd share it with you). All in all, this place is great, and I will remain a life-long customer :)
3	I can really see why people don't like this place.  Let me suggest a paradigm adjustment.  Don't think of Fatso's as a pizzeria.  You'll only be disappointed.  Instead, think of it as a bar with really cheap pizza.I say this because Fatso's has a fantastic beer selection for a little neighborhood place (biased; it's my neighborhood).  They have some of Oregon's finest combined with the Southwest's finest, and that is some damn fine beer.  You're not very likely to find places around here with a similarly diverse + good menu of choices.  It's a great environment - very homey - with live music on a regular basis.  I can't speak as to the quality of the music, but I'm optimistic.  The owners are nice and friendly and treat you like a neighbor should.But then we come to the pizza.  And I have to admit I've only tried the pizza, and not any of their other offerings.  The pizza is just not that great.  In particular, I dislike the sauce.  I feel that it doesn't do any justice to anybody, and that it probably comes out of a can.  The crust could be okay, but I think it gets brought down by the sauce, and, eh, I dunno, I'm just usually not a fan of really thin-crust pizza unless it has other things going for it.  'Fresh' isn't a word I would use.But it is REALLY cheap.  It is cheap as hell.  So if you come here to drink with your friends, and happen to incidentally buy food, then Fatso's likely rates as a 4-star drinking establishment.  Maybe 4.5 if the music is good.
3	The pizza and wings are okay. Nothing special. The wings were pretty good for baked, but aren't going to win any awards. Best thing about the pizza is the sauce, which is on slightly on the sweet side, making this better than the typical non-Chicago pizza.
5	This is a fantastic place for the family to get great pizza.  They are extremely friendly and attentive here.  We had the thin crust pizza.  It was hot, fresh, and delicious.  It has the atmosphere of a neighborhood bar and grill that is perfect for a family, even one with a few, noisy kids.
5	I LOVE pizza, so needless to say I am very particular when it comes to eating at a pizzeria, I was visiting in Phoenix and 2 block away I saw this pizza place so I decided to stop by and try them out  WOW!! what a treat! the pizza is fabbbbbulous, deeeeelicious, yummmmmmy, and the crust is to die for, I had a Pepperoni, mushroom, bell pepper, and GARLIC pizza all I can say is, it's the BEST yet, too bad it is over 300 miles for me to have to go to eat,  If your ever in Phoenix, AZ  please stop by it won't disappoint!the people were very friendly, seems like lots of locals eat here, I've been here a week and I've eaten there 3 times, that should tell you something about the place, plus they have lots of 'Golf' memorabilia all around the place and I love golf, so stop by and let me know what you think.
5	I'm never in this neighborhood, but I was seeing a friend's band play at Joe's Grotto across the street and went in here for dinner. We had the Popeye on a thin, whole wheat crust and it may have been the best pizza I've ever had. THe ingredients were fresh, the crust was crispy, and there were no puddles of orange cheese grease on top. I just had my leftover slice for breakfast and it was just as good the next day. If I'm ever in the neighborhood again I will definitely come back.
4	The thin crust pizza with pepperoni, sausage and garlic is one of my favorite pies in all of Phoenix.  So good and so addicting!  I pretty much stick with that when eating at Fatso's.  I tried their wings and the Big Johnson specialty pizza.  Wasn't really a fan of either, but I'm telling you, you won't go wrong with a thin crust with pepperoni, sausage, and garlic pizza.  It's INSAAAAAAAAAAAANELY good!!!  Dip the sucker in some ranch, and you got yourself a deliciously, decadent and gluttonous meal. Damn, that's some good $#*%!
4	Haven't been here since they opened in the 90's. Pizza still rocks and service was fast and friendly!
5	Fatso's is one of my favorite pizza places - I highly recommend the Pan Big Johnson. Prices are reasonable and on retailmenot.com there is ALWAYS a 15% coupon in circulation (just in case you don't live in the area). Try it - it's unreal!
4	I love the food at this restaurant. It's delicious. I crave the thin crust pizza all the time. They use quality ingredients and they cook things just right.The only thing that I would change is the service.THE SERVICE IS SLOW AND THE WAITRESSES AND WAITERS ARE NOT FRIENDLY.Go here for the food it's worth it.
3	Great beer selection and good pizza.  Appetizers leave something to be desired but the good service and live music make it worth coming back.
2	Not the place you keep going back again and again.  Pizza sauce too sweet.
1	What a rip off this place is. I First i'd like to say food is slightly above average, way over priced. I had coupon for a pizza and 20 wings all I asked was for them to do half honey bbq and half hot and they wouldn't budge. I ended up buy 1 medium 1 large and 2 dozen wings it cost 50 dollars. I will settle for Dominos or even red devil, never again.
4	The food was awesome. The place is cozy with comical flair for words on the menus. The cowboy music was a little depressing for the lunch time crowd. The server did mess up our order, but she was honest and fixed it before we noticed.
4	Fatso's is great!  It is a small pizza joint, and while it isn't fancy or glamorous by any stretch of the imagination, it is the perfect place to grab some wings, pizza and beer.  We live close by and come to Fatso's often.  There are several things that keep us coming back.  The Gus....so simple, yet so delicious.  The perfectly crusty bread loaded with sharp cheddar, lean roast beef and fresh jalapenos is undeniably one of favorite sandwiches of all time (check it out Nader!).  Their honey barbecue wings are awesome.  The sauce is made in-house and it is remarkable.  Think sweet, smokey barbecue with a spicy kick.  The wings are baked, an added bonus for me.  The thin crust pizza is good, but don't go in expecting a New York Style pie.  Add fresh garlic to your pizza of choice and you will never want to eat a garlic-less pizza again!Fatso's has a surprisingly large selection of beers on tap and a number of bottled craft beers (Stone, Rogue, etc.).  Lastly, treat yourself to a Fat Cookie.  It is100% worth the thousands of crunches you'll need to do to work it off!
3	I had really fond memories of a sausage and garlic pizza here years ago. Went back recently to watch some football and tried it again. While not quite as spectacular as I remembered, this is a fine spot for watching football and enjoying dinner. Personal sized pizzas allow everyone to get what they want (versus having nasty peperoni grease make it's way onto my half of the pizza, for example). Nice neighborhood-y spot.
4	My boyfriend and I go to Fatso's all the time! At first we were hesitant because of the name, but they won us over! It's my favorite local pizza and the servers are like family. We enjoy the live music too. We're fans of the Hawaiian pizza and the Carnivore pizza. Worth checking out...
3	They actually have pizza crusts as an appetizer on their menu. How cool is that? I mean some people just want the pizza crust and some sauce. Groovy! Two of my fabulous friends met here and are now engaged, so they decided to celebrate where it all began. They are regulars and it shows as the entire party was waited on hand and foot. They have a ton of different pizza options and their salads are big enough to share. Not to shabby if I do say so myself. I will have to come back again soon and try some other options as well as the secret  menu of wings for those that like them extra spicy like me.
4	To say the pizza & wings here is amazing would be an understatement! This place is great. It's small, not fancy, but it's a great atmosphere. They have live music on the weekends, and it can get loud.The only downside is that the wait staff is a little slow. Since they are so busy, i'm not sure if it's due to lack of staff or just . . well, being busy. The wait staff is wonderful however. Always happy and willing to help you.Another sad thing is, even though Fatso's delivers, they miss my street (Union Hills) by ONE LIGHT!!! So I will forever have to pick up my delicous food, which is also ok to see their happy faces!
4	Live music the night we visited, had great pie and cold beer!
5	Super veggie pizza. Steve, is always totally friendly. Solid Craft Beer Selection with 10 or so taps.  Why don't they make their apps?..Music is good as well  but they usually have the same groups.  One of my favs in the (51) Corridor.
1	I gave it a shot based on the Yelp ratings, but this was just awful pizza.  It was on par with Little Caesars and Eats-a-Pizza.  The crust was hard and overcooked.  The toppings slid right off since it was cooked to death and arrived with the center BOILING hot.  If your a big fan of cheap frozen pizza, I think you'll love Fatso's Pizza because it's totally reminiscent of Red Baron pizzas you'd find for $5 at Walmart.  I'm not going to go deep into what was wrong simply because everything was bad about the darn thing.  I ended up just leaving 75% of it there and paying my bill.  It's not the waitress fault and I tipped her, but only the old standard of 15% because she was no help making our meal any better.  Wouldn't you think she'd offer to take it back, remake it, or offer something better on the menu?  Nope, she just looked at us like this was the first time she'd ever heard their pizza was dog food on a hockey puck and went about her way.  "Sorry you don't like it" is all we got from her although she seemed to be a nice lady.  The wings were baked and that's okay as long as I know that going in, and the menu told us so very clearly (I liked that).  Although I definitely prefer fried, these were okay.  They were nothing special since they just seemed to be un-doctored hot sauce and butter.  My issue with them was that they were tiny, teeny, itsy-bitsy, little baby wings.  Seriously, if you're going to charge that much for wings, offer up wings that are at least thicker than the celery sticks.  An average person could eat 2-3 dozen without spoiling dinner.  All in all, I'd have to say this is a great place if you want a local drunks hangout and high school cafeteria food in one convenient location.  I'll not be back.
1	Worst pizza I have had in a long time.  Ordered the so called deep dish.  If you like thick doughy crust with absolutely no toppings you may be thrilled.  It was terrible.   All you get is undercooked crust.  What a waste of $21 bucks.
5	My favorite food is pizza; Phoenix has the finest selection of pizza selection (I am from the hometown  of LIttle Caesars, not that it should really matter, but helps with the credential to judge pizza - trust me the original Little Caesar's restaurant was simply amazing!). I have traveled the globe and have even eaten pizza next to the Leaning Tower of PIsa in Italy and must say that Fatso's is my favorite pizza anywhere.  I know New York, Chicago, etc.Fatso's delivers an amazing deep dish pizza that I usually order for dinner twice a month.  It is divine.  However, they also have pan pizza with most toppings and sizes ranging from personal to 24 plus inches in squares.  I do not know what they do, but they do it right.In addition, I highly recommend the Caesars salad.  The food her is simply done right.Throughout the week Fatso's has live music which is always fun.The service is excellent and the management is friendly.Hope to see you there.
2	Went today with my toddler, had the lunch special (a 9inch cheese pizza) to share, it was ok, a bit reminiscent of a Totinos frozen pizza though. Service was ok, though when my son threw up after a few bites of the pizza (and right as the server walked by) the server did not even offer more napkins. So that was disappointing. Previous delivery experiences have been better. Which is the only reason they get 2 stars.
4	Huge salads
5	This is my favorite neighborhood pizza joint. I'm here at least once a week...usually twice. The staff is very friendly and makes you feel welcome. I've tried several items but my top choices would be the Great White Pizza (no red sauce, loads of garlic), Caesar salad and the Gus Sandwich (similar to a french dip but with fresh jalapenos added).They offer live music Fri and Sat nights and Thursday is open mic night. All in all a great place to grab a beer (they have 20 on tap and a few that rotate monthly), have some pizza and relax.
4	Let me explain my 4 stars...The pizza is mediocre at best. But what makes this place is the simple atmosphere, beer on tap, and local vibe.  Not a fancy place at all, but that turns out to be a good thing for this establishment. This is the place to come for a game, or fun night and you can be ensured that the service is decent despite the number of patrons versus servers. We came on a Monday football night and only 2 people were working. We never felt neglected. The food was decent and I would come back just for the comfortable atmosphere. I normally don't give 4 stars to restaurants that aren't food worthy, but the family that runs this is so friendly that you can't help but love it. Thank you for making our experience seemingly to be catered to us (you changed the tv to our station). Is this a foodie destination? Perhaps not, but it is most definitely a neighborhood joint that everyone must go to. The atmosphere and people are the crux of this place. I have found a new fun place to visit where I feel welcome at any time.
5	Not much beats this place in North Phoenix. Plenty of good beer, good pub food and good company. Great place on a Friday night for live music.
5	I started going there after I moved into the neighborhood. I couldn't help but go back, the brother owners and their wives are just so friendly! The pizza is really good with always fresh ingredients. I love the "carnivore" is all the meats! (i'm a guy). The wings are baked, not deep fried and they are delicious. The "hot" is really hot so watch out. I usually get the honey BBQ or the terriaki.They have open mic on Thursdays for the local performers and it's always entertaining. Great music on Fridays and Saturdays.I go there on Sundays too to watch the games and listen to the regulars cheer on (and complain about) their favorite teams. Fatso's is a great neighborhood gathering place.Oh! and if you have a charitable event, Bob and Joe will host your group and give to your cause, great guys!Did I mention how friendly they are?You should go tonight!
4	Just had another Fatso's pizza .. however, this time we tried the pan pizza style dough .. LOVED the pizza part, but not so much of the crust (the part where there is no ingredient, and its like a bread stick part) ... it was tasteless ... but the overall pizza was fantastic :)
1	Have been a regular here for years. Just ordered 48 dollars of food to go. We asked for 2 extra ranch dressing.  The bartender re ran our card for the extra dollar.  Seems awfully cheap.  The pizza and wings are already overpriced.spoke to the owner about the charge and he couldnt care less.  We come here 2 or 3 times a month and spent 50 bucks a pop. Never again . I dont understand why an owner would tell a customer tough shit, I dont care what you think. You dont like it go somewhere else.
4	Friendly, accommodating, and the pizza and wings are always good.  It is one of my go to places for a casual dinner out.
4	This was a great local hangout. Delicious thin crust pizza (we had the Big Johnson) and inexpensive beer. Tonight they had a fantastic guitar duo. Really fun to hang out and see the locals and watch a game or two.
2	When my wife and I were there, we both agreed on how to gauge this place. This is where you bring your kids to have sit down pizza. It is a step up from Peter Piper...okay thats not nice of me to say, it is a big step up from PP, BUT it is no Spinatos by any means. This has a great local bar feel over on the bar side, but it is far enough where you could bring your children and not worry about the belligerent drunk giving your kids new vocabulary words to try out at school. The pizza like i was saying is the type to serve to your kids...It is a little bit more pricey than i would prefer, but definitely isn't super greasy like other places.i might bump them up to 3 stars if I ever visit the bar and it's fun, but i can't see more than a three.
4	Great naked wings I suggest the honey hot sauce.  The Redeye beer from Lumberyard is very good and the service was great, owner operated and very nice people.  This place is bike friendly as well
5	The meat lovers pizza is awesome! Not necessarily the best New York style pizza what they do a pretty damn good job on their special pies .
5	We used to come here with the kids starting in 1996. They are now all grown and moved out so some how we stopped coming here. Last week out of the blue we went back. Same great service, Pizza and wings are still awesome. Great cold beer. We still felt at home, like we always did. Highly recommend.
5	19 beers in tap, specialty bombers and great pizza.  Also, they have live music and sports.
3	Good selection of beer. We thought the pizza was a tad overpriced and extremely greasy.  We ate it all but I would probably stick to the beer and wings in the future. Cute place with some charm and live music though.
5	Pizza is good and you can't beat the beer selection.   Theirs wings have a good sauce also.
4	I call this my neighborhood pizza place even though it's 20 miles from my house. My friends and I are frequent visitors and love the casual atmosphere, great beer selection and the awesomely tasty and huge sandwiches. It's definitely a place where "everyone knows your name" if you come often enough. Super friendly.
4	3 stars for their food, 4 stars for their service and beer menu. I enjoy eating here though it is not the tastiest joint in town, the service makes it feel like a good hometown spot.
3	I called on a Wednesday evening just after 6:30 and ordered a 16" pizza with fresh garlic and pepperoni and 12 hot wings. The girl that answered the phone was eh. I could definitely tell that she'd rather be anywhere than where she currently was: work. She said it would be 45-50 minutes. I was pretty excited, based on all the positive reviews, for some really tasty pizza. Wellllll... 45 minutes came and went. Another 5 minutes went by. My pizza was late. Yes, I'm that person. I understand 5 minutes. 10 is pushing it. 20, you're out of the ball park. And 30?! That's where I fit it. My pizza was 30 minutes late. BUT! The reason they didn't get a one star is because that pizza was hands down one on of the best pizzas I have ever had. Oh, me. Oh, my. Delicious. The fresh garlic was the perfect touch. If only they had fresh basil as well. With all that, I will say I will give them another shot, and they owe ot all to the delicious cheesy garlic pizza they delivered to my door (30 minutes late.) Oh, and the wings? Eh. Nothing special. Standard wings you get anywhere. Hot sauce wasn't so hot.
5	You can go wrong here. This is the place for a good pie!  They bake their wings too. Yum!
5	Great pizza! 20 beers on tap! The owners and staff are super friendly. They have been here 20 years...that says something
3	Strip mall pizza place. Location had a unique mothy ball smell, like a old smell. Odor was hard to miss or forget. Restaurant seating up front. Larger bar area in back. Old decor, pink walls and green carpet. Several TV'sAttentive staff. They have soft pretzels. Pizza sauce is tasty. Chicago style pizza. Little squares. Nice tasting pizza. They advertise live music on Thursday Friday and Saturday nights. Outdoor seating also. Overall experience was okay. Probably would not run back
4	Pretty good pizza. Not bad, not the best. Kinda pricey... The staff is super friendly, which makes the 4 stars.
5	great pizza, family owned place (almost like a Cheers place), friendly staff, lots of tv's ... live music on Fri/Sat nites. Stop on by, you won't be disappointed.  They now have a patio area too for when it gets cooler
3	The pizza is well prepared, the atmosphere great. The pizza tastes sweet like someone's family recipe suggested they add sugar. Wow, to pizza? But I don't like pineapple on my ham either. Service was good.
5	Where everybody knows your name.  Great food, awesome beer selection and owners that make a point of remembering your name when you come in.
1	First time coming to Fatso's pizza and we receive and unwelcoming vibe from the waitress. She had no costumer service and she made it seem like she definitely did not want to be at her job. Very empty and lonely place. The pizza was cold once it was handed to us. She did not come back to ask if we were doing okay, and there was no more then 10 people at the restaurant. She was very impatient when we were asking for our food. Definitely not coming back to that place. Very disappointed in the costumer service and upset with the poor quality they had.
5	We love this place and always order the same thing.  House salad with ranch, wings (dry with honey hot sauce and ranch on the side) and a deluxe pan pizza.  By the time we get to the pan pizza, we are only able to manage 1 slice each and take the rest home.  The food is consistently good and the service is great.  Some nights they have karaoke night so it can get a bit loud.  But if it's bothersome, then take your food to-go.  Thankfully this place is just around the corner from our house.  We are definitely repeat customers.
5	We always come here! I love the giant salad. Their ranch dressing is delicious. Their wings are really good as well! They have sports on TV's everywhere, a usual beer drinking, age 40-50 crowd at the bar, and live music on the weekends...classic rock type music from what I've noticed. It's a good laid back family place.
5	I'm not sure how or why some people give these bad reviews since we've never had anything but a great time.  We live right in the neighborhood and I'm guessing have been here 15 to 20 times. The pizza is great. I love the thickness of the regular (thin-ish) crust, the cheese and sauce are perfect and the dough tastes great too. I always order the pizza well-done and it comes out right every time. They even have a gluten-free crust which isn't bad at all. The wings are well above average too. Maybe most importantly, they have a good selection of craft beers including their house beer (brewed by Lumberjack IIRC) which seems like a hoppy red ale and also have a good selection of IPA's. I'd come here much more often if it wouldn't pile on pounds of fat. Lastly, we've had nothing but great service here every single time.  Love it!
5	Good Lord does Fatso's have the BEST pizza around. No seriously, it's the bees knees! I just moved back from California and you best believe this was my 1st pizza stop!!! YUM!
5	These guys will take care of you.There was a little communication breakdown during a delivery, and they were proactive with the resolution. Just a fantastic job of turning a mildly annoying mistake into a positive experience.That's why I'm here writing this review!Oh yeah, real good pizza. Not the best in town, but it is good.Thanks guys!
5	Awesome pizza has the pan deluxe it was amazing will def be coming back!  The aptmosphere  is great small private the staff is so friendly!  The wings are baked not fried, I was scared at first because I love wings but they hit the nail right on the head! Hats off to fat so's!  We will be back
5	Awesome place to relax and have a beer and some food.  Lots of screens to watch sports and lots of beer choices to choose from on tap.  The guys that run this place are great they always say hello and are always friendly and cheerful.  I have never had a single problem here at all.  I go here often and will continue.
4	What can I say about Fatso's???? Pizza, great meatball or sausage sandwiches, awesome calzones AND a sports bar feel!! Well sort of. Live music on occasion as well for your pleasure. A great local place!
