5	Dinner was awesome and service was top notch. We had hibachi and sushi and they were both spot on.   Restaurant was clean and the atmosphere was pleasant.  Definitely coming back!
4	Went for my weekly sushi fix to Chaya, only to find it closed for the week. A disappointed Ramee and friend frantically Yelp a sushi joint within a reasonable distance. Ginza was destiny. We were quickly seated and served by an upbeat waitress whose sole purpose in life, it seemed, was to refill my water. I liked that. A $2.25 house salad (with the usual ginger-y dressing) is enormous. While not as flavorful as that which crowns the puny pile of greens at Chaya, the dressing was acceptable, even if it was more mayo than ginger. Many sushi restaurants, I've found, skimp out on the fish and wrap their rolls with heaping layers of rice to cut costs. Ginza is no such place. The sushi is wonderful--rationed just the way I like it, with a generous helping of quality fish, a thick chunk of avocado, and a delicate layer of rice. (It's not on the menu, but they can make a Yellowtail/Avocado roll if you ask..) .:. Ginza warrants a repeat visit, which is quite the compliment from this sushi aficionado.
4	I was cautious about trying this restaurant - I'm very picky about sushi and generally try out a couple rolls before attempting sushi/sashimi.On our first visit, I had their lunch special - 3 rolls and a salad.  I had the eel cucumber, a tuna and a salmon roll.  All of them were quite acceptable and the stage was set for a 'real' visit.I finally dragged the husband there late one night when we didn't feel like driving somewhere.  He had the hibachi chicken, which came with big piles of rice and veggies as well as chicken.  I had a tuna roll, salmon sashimi, special white tuna sushi and unagi sushi.  Other than the weird presentation of the sashimi (wrapped around cucumber like you'd get in a cucumber roll) - everything tasted good and was quite fresh.  I actually wanted more of the special white tuna, but restrained myself.
5	I just found Ginza, and my hubby and I ate there today. Best sushi I've had in years!! The server was also really friendly, and the restaurant was really nice. We will be going back!
2	I had the Sushi Deluxe.  Which was a 9 piece of sushi and a tuna roll.  I asked for Eel and they added it in for me which was cool, since it wasn't part of the usual 9 pieces.  The sushi itself, though, was tiny.  Each piece was about half the size that you would get at a better sushi restaurant like Andys, Chaya, or Sushi Too.  For the same price I could've gotten twice the amount at a little better quality.  The fish wasn't too great and two of the pieces were very chewy and kinda gross.  I like cheap sushi, but this isn't cheap enough to justify its poor taste.   I give it 2 stars due to the size of the rolls and the amount of food I got for 17 dollars.  I'm not too picky about my sushi, but really I'd rather spend the same somewhere better or less at a real cheap place like Sushi Boat in oakland.
4	We were searching for some good, inexpensive sushi around the area in Pittsburgh, and Ginza seems to meet those conditions. Fairly inexpensive, good ratio of rice/stuff inside the rolls. Our only complaint is that the miso soup was a bit bland (but not bad), and the shrimp tempura roll was a bit greasy.
4	Yum. The menu online was limited but when I sat down it took forever for me to decide what to get. I ordered the "Amazing Chicken" and was indeed amazed. Pretty much your standard sweet & sour chicken with chunks of fresh pineapple which was a nice touch, but tasted phenomenal. Came with a side of fried rice and miso soup and salad. Soup was OK, could have had a little more kick and the salad was not the best because the lettuce was really watery. However, the main portion was an A+. Can't wait to go back.
5	banging asian food that is healthy, tasty  sans MSG.They make some really unique sauces with their dishes I highly recommend
3	Sushi was very good, appetizers were a bit lackluster.  We had the potstickers and the seaweed salad apps.  The potstickers were the exact same ones that I buy in a huge bag at Costco, I'm 99% sure of it, down to the little packet of dipping sauce that comes with it.  The seaweed salad was good, but not amazing.The sushi is where the magic is.  Not the absolute best I've had, but also far from the worst, and some of the best in Pittsburgh for sure.The service was quick and attentive, but they certainly lack some of the table-side manner of other restaurants. They are all business - take your order, deliver your food, nothing more, nothing less.  That's fine by me.They also have a nice BYOB option with a reasonable corkage fee.  I'll go back again (and have already) because their special sushi rolls are tasty, the portions generous, and the BYOB reasonably priced.
4	Ginza serves a good variety of sushi and sashimi in a setting that is somewhat upscale but still comfortable enough for one to go there for a causal dinner. Most of the sushi is good. Not amazing, but the regular rolls are solid and some of the specialty rolls are very good. My personal favorite is the Greenwich roll. Prices are reasonable, even by Pittsburgh standards, and the restaurant is BYOB. The service was a little rocky when the restaurant opened, but it has steadily improved since then and now is good. I wouldn't celebrate my wedding  anniversary there, but it seems like a good place to go with friends or your partner for sushi.
2	Terrible experience... The server was so rude. Brought out the wrong food and gave us a hard time as a result. The food was ok... not good enough to tolerate the horrible server that is clearly dissatisfied with her life.  My biggest regret is going there twice.
5	Great place.  Definitely going back.
4	When I first moved to Pittsburgh I was told pretty adamantly that there was no good sushi here. Moving from philly with dozens of decent to good sushi places this was pretty sad to hear. So imagine my surprise when one day my friends brought me to Ginza and I had some seriously delightful sushi. Not the best sushi of my life, not Jiro dreams of sushi. But very delicious, good consistency sushi on par with places in Philly. So the person who told me there was no good sushi is seriously uninformed and Ginza is awesome. Last time I was there I ordered one of the special rolls ad they made a dragon out of sauce on my plate. I'll post a photo. It was delightful. I'll be returning. a lot. I promise.
4	First, I thought this was the Ginza from the olden days of Oakland...a land far far away. I got food poisoning once at that one, as well as delicious korean food on other occasions.For those without reading comprehension, this is a DIFFERENT GINZA.The plan was a hurry up offense, of watching Jiro Dreams of Sushi, and then getting sushi. I called an audible, as we had to wait until the next day to watch Jiro (and then wanted to go back!)We with a few rolls, (eel, salmon, and spicy yellowtail) to test the waters. All were delicious. Simple, tasty, filling. I am not really a sushi guy either.BYOB was  a huge plus, and as per usual, I ended up drinking more than my fair share. The service was very attentive, and friendly. After nom-ing on those rolls, we decided to try a main dish- The wasabi steak. I ordered it rare, they understood what rare mean. King Richard was pleased.The wasabi sauce was almost buttery with a bit less kick than I would have liked. Overall it was pretty good, not breathtaking, but good.The price is very reasonable, especially compared to other recent dining (Sausalido) that was far less yummy.Ginza is going to find its way  into my rotation like NOW that's what I call music volume 6. I'm serious!
5	The best sushi in Pittsburgh and some of the best prices too. The tempura is also absolutely fantastic. I recommend Ginza 100%. Their service has also been punctual and friendly. It always seems a bit empty though and I love eating there, so if you are considering Ginza please give it a try so it can stay around a long time!
4	Really great chicken katsu. Tasty sushi--better than most places in Pittsburgh, for sure.  Friendly staff (if occasionally a little awkward!).  Lovely ambiance, quiet and calm.  Prompt service.  I've got pretty much no complaints.  And the portion sizes are respectable, for a very good price!  I expect that the price will go up and the portion sizes down, within the  next few months--it's just too good.
5	I'm going to keep this short and sweet. For half the price of Nakama in South Side you get 10x better service and 100x better sushi. Plus the cute wait staff is a plus. Get the Spicy Girl and the Gyoza. Delicious dumplings and a pretty damn solid salmon and avocado roll with just the right amount of spice. I still think Umi might be the best sushi in the city but Ginza might be up there as a favorite of mine. Especially when you don't want to spend Umi prices. Definitely a great edition to Bloomfield.
5	I love this place I have been going there regularly whenever I am in the mood for good sushi!  Ginza is by far the best Sushi I have had in Pittsburgh!  Being that Pittsburgh has no ocean in sight it is amazing that the sushi here easily rivals sushi I have gotten in good sushi places in Boston, NY or SF.  The fish is quite fresh unlike many other sushi places in Pittsburgh!  Also the menu is the most extensive for sushi that I have seen in in this city if you are looking for more then a California or tuna roll. I think this place is relatively new because they don't have their liquor license yet so it is BYOB (ie. bring your own sake or Sapporo or whatever your beverage of choice is with sushi!)... and try the Guava candy on your way out.. it is good too :-)
5	HELLO GINZA! I found this little gem last week. And I love it! It is by work, which is trouble city for me. Twice last week I visited, and I don't plan on slowing down. Though I must say, I have never tried any of the meals. I am reviewing on strictly sushi. The sushi was awesome. Way bigger than expected, and for what I know of freshness, seemed fresh. Try the Tuna Lover Roll if you want a specialty roll. Every one that I have tried I liked. You probably can't go wrong.Staff was super friendly and attentive. Sushi prices are very reasonable. What can I say, I found my sushi go to in Pittsburgh! I can't wait to go back! (probably today!)
4	I'm branching out. it's truly unbelievable that I'd part from Penn Ave Fish Company. I mean, let's get real, I'll never stay away long but I've found a good option in Ginza. The truth is Ginza is cheaper and the rolls are larger. That's just it. Go big or go home.So if you're craving good sushi at a great price with massive servings, this is your place! I really like that you can put together your own combinations with money saving prices. Between the two of us we split the Marki for Two for $33. It was two specialty rolls and two regular rolls. What a steal!We ordered the Tuna Lover and Spicy Girl specialty rolls plus the tuna avocado and philly roll. On top of the rolls you also get soup and salad. I mean, geez. Keep piling on the food... and this was just for lunch! All the rolls were really fantastic, with the Tuna Lover being my favorite. I can tell this is going to fit into the regular rotation of restaurants I'll frequent. I can't wait to come back and try the habachi meals too. Seriously, I could spend months ordering all the different menu options. Maybe I should just set up shop here for the winter. Not too bad for winter hibernation mode.
2	Food: Ginza offers traditional Japanese cuisine ranging from hibachi to sushi to noodles, with plenty of appetizers and deserts as well. We started with the miso soup, which was just fine and warmed us up on a cold winter night. We followed with the edamame appetizer. Its hard to mess up edamame, and Ginza definitely didn't, but the dish could have used more seasoning to make an otherwise average dish stand out. There were other interesting appetizer choices, like seaweed salad, fresh spring rolls, and avocado salad, all of which are probably worth considering instead of the edamame. We then ordered the vegetable sushi roll, which contained avocado, asparagus, and cucumber (any of these could also be ordered individually within a roll). The roll consisted of six large pieces and was fresh and well made. There were four enticing vegetarian entrees on the menu; tofu vegetable teriyaki, tofu tempura, vegetable hibachi, and vegetable udon noodles. The udon noodles can be prepared pan-fried or in broth soup-style. The pan-fried udon noodles were quite bland, covered in a sauce that had little to no flavor or spice. The tofu teriyaki was slightly more interesting, with a thicker, more tasty sauce, but wasn't anything memorable and some of the vegetables were cold on the inside. The tofu was prepared crunchy out the outside but very wet and soft on the inside. Ginza does not put any hot sauce, pepper seeds, or chili paste on the table, and also do not offer a spiciness scale, so you can't really adjust what you get on your plate to accomodate for a lack of flavor. The lead-ins to the main course were not bad but not great, and the entrees were pretty lackluster. Overall, it seems as if Ginza doesn't have experience designing and preparing vegetarian items. Meat and fish eaters would likely have more success finding something satisfying.Price: The prices were very reasonable, as we ordered two soups, an appetizer, a sushi roll, and two entrees for under $30. We were hungry, so we didn't have enough left to bring home (although we may not have taken leftovers anyways due to lack of flavor), but the portion sizes are above average. Drinks: Ginza is BYOB but they do offer Japanese teas and sodas in addition to regular fountain drinks.Atmosphere: The restaurant is decorated very nicely with darkly painted walls and candlelit tables. There are tables for small and large parties, and enough space so that you aren't sitting directly on top of your neighbors. However, the restaurant is basically one big room and when the door opens on a cold night, you can feel the chilly air rush in if you are anywhere near the front. It isn't too difficult to find a parking spot on Liberty or one of its side streets.Service: We were seated immediately upon entering the restaurant and provided menus and glasses of water. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive, often checking our table and re-filling our water. We requested an addition of tofu to the udon noodles, which the waitress approved, but when the plate came the tofu was missing. We were also served our appetizer, sushi, and entrees within five minutes of each other, creating a table full of hot food getting cold.(+): cheap prices, large portions(-): average to below-average vegetarian foodWould I go back again? Probably not, although I wouldn't stop a meat-eating friend from giving Ginza a shot.
4	2.5 / 5 - House Salad: Tangy sweet dressing, but the salad was a bit watery and had more iceburg lettuce than I like.  Subsequent visits have been much better, though.3.0 / 5 - Tuna Avocado Roll: Slightly above average-sized,  tender and fresh.  A well done simple and pure roll.3.0 / 5 - Spicy Salmon Roll: Finely chopped, not ground, salmon with a bit of crunchiness and spicy mayo.3.0 / 5 - Spicy Yellowtail Roll: As above, but with yellowtail. 1.5 / 5 - Yellowtail Roll: The yellowtail chunks are not as tender as the others, so I much prefer this in spicey chopped form.1.5 / 5 - Spicy Girl Roll: This roll lost much of its crunchiness, especially when compared to the two other spicy rolls.  There was too much mayo and mushiness.3.0 / 5 - Tuna Lover Roll: Added some flare to the simple elegant tuna flavor which was not overpowering.Nice lunch special.
4	Awesome sushi! BYOB is nice. Ginza roll is a must-have!!
1	The first time I went here I got sushi and it was excellent. Probably one of the top sushi places in pittsburgh.The second time I came I got a hibatchi dish. I have had horrendous food poisoning for 4 straight days, I'm guessing because the chicken was bad. I thought it tasted a little bit off but not enough to send it back. I have gotten horrendously ill though from the food, and I have a strong stomach, this if the first time I've ever gotten food poisoning. Be very very cautious of this restaurant, unfortunately I recommend everyone to avoid.
4	Went here a while ago with Sarah S. Most of the sushi was pretty good. Like Rachel C., we got the 4 roll deal, and it was a steal for the price. Everything was super pretty and even came with blinking light up thingys on the plate.That being said, the lobster was pretty bad :( pretty bad like I bit into it and wanted to spit it back out, but made myself chew and swallow it. It kind of ruined my experience.So, sushi good, lobster bad.
5	I really like this place. Wound up here, unplanned, on a day I had locked myself out of the apartment (it's very close by). I did not make note of the names of the specific items I had, but they were all sushi-related items (large and small sushi rolls) that I had not tried before, and they were all just super (not to say I am a sushi expert but I thought they were quite good). Decor was great, service was great and friendly. Everyone at other tables seemed happy and satisfied as well.
4	Got takeout a couple days ago. A little difficult to communicate with female staff member on the phone, but food was nice.
4	After years of using yelp religiously, I have finally decided that I must contribute to the community. I went to Ginza in a group of five on a Saturday night around 10PM and it was empty - a little worrisome in my opinion, but we decided to stay anyway as we wanted to sake bomb. I'm glad we did. We ordered miso soup, garden salad, tuna tartar, edamame, 4 plates of sashimi, a plate of sushi, tuna rolls, a specialty roll, and chicken and shrimp tempura. The fish was all very good and fresh although the cuts were too thick for my liking. The salmon was particularly good for Pittsburgh. The (red) tuna was lackluster, but the albacore was delicious. The tempura was both large and delicious. Some of the best shrimp tempura I have ever had. The waiter was very attentive and overall the place was receptive of our group of loud individuals (albeit we were alone). Total price including corkage fee for both beer and sake was $106. I recommend this place for anyone looking for good sushi and a good time at a great price. I will be back again.
2	After locking my keys inside my apartment I decided to head over to Ginza for a bite to eat. Usually the service at Ginza is pretty solid but I don't know what happened? I was the only person their besides the server, MARGRET, and the  chef. I had initially ordered the House Salad, Gyoza, and Sweet Potato Roll. I was then brought out only my Gyoza which was fine but when the server repeated my order she said "only two orders Gyoza and Sweet Potato Roll" I quickly corrected and let her know that I wanted my House Salad which she said she would get but as she whisked her self away said that actually nevermind I didn't want the salad anymore and kept yelling it after she had went to the back hoping someone had heard me ...i guess not. I wasn't trying to be difficult but if it wasn't made the first time it wasn't a big deal not to have it. By the time she got back I had received my salad and told her that for the 9th time I said I no longer wanted it. She then looked at me with a "are you serious right now" look and walked away with salad in hand while saying something i couldn't understand. While I was eating my Gyoza roll close to finishing the last bite my sweet potato roll arrived and the server then rushed to take away my Gyoza and I had to yell at her "I'm still eating". She then once again whisked herself away in what seemed to be annoyance. What did I do? After finishing both dishes my glass of water was left empty and since I couldn't find anyone peered into the back and then quietly went back to my seat where she popped her head up from the front. She then refilled my glass then asked me cash or credit but I hadn't even seen my bill yet. I asked her if she could bring my check.Terrible service with an overly pushy server. I do love the food here but personally they could hire better servers in my opinion. Please keep in mind that this review is solely based mostly on the service here and not the food!
4	I have finally found the Holy Grail of Sushi places....Cheap...High Quality...Beautifully made and served...What more could one ask for?
4	Sushi is wonderful, prices reasonable, service is Very good-natured. BYOB was nice. Pad Thai OK, but the texture of the shrimp a little chewy.
4	I've lived in and visited some amazing sushi cities.  Pittsburgh has definitely underwhelmed me when it comes to one of my favorite foods.  But Yelp had good things to say about this spot and it's a 5 minute drive from my place.  Had to try it.So far, all I've had is take out.    But it looks like it has a nice ambiance if I were to eat there.  The sushi itself was pretty great.  I felt that the menu had a good blend of traditional nigiri and specialty rolls.  Everything tasted fresh and the service (even to go) was great.  The staff kindly offered me a seat at their table while I waited and served me a glass of water. Nice touch!The prices are comparable to most sushi places in Pittsburgh (read: much higher than I'm used to).  But all in all, a favorite so far.
5	Great service. I asked for the most popular sushi dish and loved it. The clear soup hit the spot. I would go back again and try another popular dish or share some with friends.
5	Went for sushi and was not disappointed. Great cheese wontons, the price was very fair and awesome service! I would definitely try to make it back.
4	Admittedly, my knowledge of sushi restaurants is very limited, but this place is a gem, no lie. The sushi itself was excellent, The preparation wasn't quite as extravagant as some other people have experienced here, but I don't grade on flair, I grade on quality. The service wasn't nearly as bad as some reviews would have you think; it was on par with any other restaurant and we were treated well throughout. I'll admit I was a little worried when I initially went in because it seemed a little TOO quiet, but then business started to pick up as the night went on. We got the Ginza Roll, a Tuna Roll or some such, and a Sweet Potato Roll. If you don't get the Sweet Potato roll, you are wrong. I am unabashedly judging you from the internet if you don't partake of the Ginza sweet potato roll. I don't care if you don't like sweet potato. It doesn't matter. Broaden your horizons and get one because it will blow your mind. And then, the price! I don't know how they do it, but then again, who cares? I walked out of there for only like $32, and that would have been easily twice that any most other sushi places for the amount of food that we got at that level of quality.
4	This is my boyfriend and I's go-to sushi place. Parking is easy, service is friendly and their sushi is yummy.
5	The hibachi chicken is amazing! Went for dinner and the hibachi chicken came with soup, salad, fried rice, and stir fried vegetables! For dessert I had the mochi icecream in mango which came out on a plate of chocolate syrup drizzle. Will be returning for sure!
3	My boyfriend and I each ordered a hibachi dinner meal, and wow, what a deal! We each asked for miso soup, instead of the clear soup that is included, at no extra cost. The miso was VERY strong/thick, but tasty. Our meals also included a small salad, which my boyfriend got with the original gingery dressing, but I omitted, since it contains dairy. The waitress kindly brought over some oil instead. The main courses were HUGE, and my vegetable hibachi was very delicious. You have your choice of fried rice or white, so I ordered fried without egg. I was stuffed, and still took some veggies home, AND my meal cost only 10 bucks (my boyfriend's steak hibachi was 15).The atmosphere, service, and quality of food all receive A's from me. From now on, I will be coming here instead of Nakama for hibachi. And thank you for being so vegan-aware, and able to accommodate!***EDIT: I had to change from five stars to three, due to my recent return visit:I had the same waitress as last time, but this time she checked with the chef about the hibachi to make sure it was vegan. She returned with sad news: the veggies are prepared with a pork base! Apparently, the only vegan entree option is to order the mango chicken with tofu instead. It was very tasty, but a bit pricey and not nearly as awesome as the hibachi. I still appreciate that the waitress took my vegan concerns into consideration, but I hope Ginza expands their menu to include more vegan-friendly options so that I may go back!
5	Outstanding menu, pricing, and service. We had a LivingSocial $15 for $30 coupon, so that was naturally great. Awesome BYOB. They were kind enough to move us, mid-meal, to the table outside that had been previously occupied so that we could enjoy the weather. They have a $38 special for 2 featuring 2 standard rolls (we did spicy tuna and spicy scallop), 2 special rolls (the waitress suggested Angry Dragon and Ginza, which both kicked ass), and either a miso soup or house salad to start for each. Can't say enough good things about these guys!
5	While attending a convention in Pittsburgh, and losing track of time at Home Depot buying supplies, we called Ginza at 10 minutes to their closing time - and were thrilled that we did not have to spend the night with a pizza!The staff was friendly and efficient at taking our phone order. We had only a 5 minute wait while they finished preparing the last of our rolls, and were on our way at 10 minutes AFTER closing time. We were served water while we waited, which was very attentive of the wait staff.Back at our hotel, the sushi rolls and edamame were both excellent. There was plenty of soy sauce, wasabi and pickled ginger packed in the take-out bag. Preparation was perfect, taste was divine. I will definitely be visiting Ginza in 2015 when I go back for next year's convention.
5	Very good soups, sushi, seaweed salads, and desserts.  Top quality sushi for very fair prices. By far the best deal you'll ever find in the city.
3	Decent option for sushi. I prefer Chaya, but the mountain for two here is not bad at all.
4	I live close by to Ginza, but I had not gotten the chance to try it yet. I ordered take-out & was happy that they offered the maki for 2 special for take-out. The special is a great deal- 2 special rolls, 2 regular rolls, and 2 soups or salads for $38. I'm not sure that I will ever find outstanding sushi anywhere in Pittsburgh, but this was pretty good. You get a lot of food for the price, and the quality was good. I will be back!
5	This is TRULY a hidden gem of Pittsburgh! I have lived in Pittsburgh for nine years, and this is definitely one of my top 3 favorite restaurants of Pittsburgh. My husband and I try to eat here at least once a month, and surprisingly it has also become one of his favorite restaurants of Pittsburgh. Ginza is perfect for our Friday date night. The atmosphere is relaxed yet romantic, and the price is definitely right. It's BYOB. We are always shocked by how few people know about this little treasure. We have never had to wait to find a seat on a Friday evening. My husband is not a sushi or sashimi fan, but I am. We both seem to find an entree that suites us. My husband is very much a "meat and potato" kind of guy, so what a God sent it was for him to actually ENJOY food at a nice Japanese restaurant. My favorite sushi treat is the Lobster Tempura roll. My husband consistently orders the Shrimp Hibachi. We are both obsessed with the Yum Yum sauce that comes with it. We share the red bean mochi and green tea mochi for dessert, and the consistency of the shell is always perfect.  Only one con: parking is difficult in the area. You may need to circle around some side streets to find some on-street parking.I highly recommend Ginza, and we hope more people will discover this wonderful restaurant gem of Pittsburgh!
4	The place is good. Been here for lunch an dinner. Good selection of rolls and sushi. Decent ambiance.
4	Great sushi!
4	I like this place. The prices are fine. Clean, friendly and roomy. The only thing I don't like is they seem to not have air conditioning.
3	Ginza is just what other reviewers say, delicious sushi at a price that will not make you feel guilty when the tiny rolls come out. I was skeptical when I saw the menu prices, thinking "What's the catch?"But, Ginza is the real deal, good sushi at an even better price.I've gone for both lunch and dinner, and this place has some of the best sushi deals in town. For dinner, I recommend going with a friend and getting Marki for Two. At $37, the dinner is such a bargain for two, with 4 rolls and 2 soups or salads. My jaw nearly dropped to the floor when I realized how much food we were snagging. The weekly lunch special is also a deal. You can get 2 or 3 rolls, with a soup or salad, for under $20. With these prices, you'd expect to be eating Giant Eagle sushi, but it's certainly several levels above that. The fish is fresh, and while the standard rolls can be a little "blah", the specialty rolls are fantastic. I lean towards spicy or crunchy rolls, and was satisfied with my choices. The spicy isn't too spicy, and the crunchy isn't overwhelming.Ginza is also BYOB, making it a great casual dinner date spot. Considering the place is almost always empty, it'd probably make a great spot for a group dinner as well. Judging by the proximity of Ginza to my front door, I know I will be back. There are certainly better sushi places in the city, but Ginza is close, affordable, and will always do the trick.
5	The sushi and sashimi here is very fresh and of high quality. There is a large selection of specialty rolls on the menu, which are my favorite items to order, and each roll is unique and delicious. The presentation of the sushi also never disappoints. The menu is very reasonably priced for the amount of food you receive. I have been here countless times and I always leave very happy with my dining experience. I highly recommend this restaurant as it is one of my favorite sushi spots in the city.
4	Ginza is easily the single best bang for your buck restaurant in the city.  Great food at an even greater price, and the people who work are always incredibly friendly.   It's also BYOB, which is always a plus.  I'm very happy to have found this place, as it's been a go to restaurant for me ever since my initial visit.  Edlt:  Two standard rolls, two specialty rolls, two bowls of miso soup and two side salads for $40 (Maki for Two).   Best deal in Pittsburgh.
3	We decided to try Ginza one random night for sushi as we were looking for some new places to try.We ended up ordering the Ginza Mountain and a Ginza roll. The Mountain was HUGE! Tons of fish in there. Everything seems pretty fresh to us, which is probably the most important factor with sushi. It was all pretty good, however, a lot of the menu includes tempura including the Spicy Yellowtail and Ginza roll. I have to say I'm not a big fan of that. If I want tempura, I'll get tempura separately. Otherwise the food was decent if not particularly inspired.A couple of items to note:  This is a BYOB establishment, so plan accordingly (we didn't unfortunately). Interestingly, their spicy was not particularly spicy. I'm used to more spice than this, which was a little disappointing. Overall this was a pretty good deal for sushi, so if money is a major factor, this is certainly a place to consider. However, I think there are other better places for sushi in the city.
5	It doesn't look like much, but the food is just delicious. Great value and the staff is very friendly
3	Ginza is a good deal, especially if you're looking for some quick, cheap sushi as well as a few nice hibachi options. The service is great, and the place is clean and altogether not bad-looking on the inside. I've gone here for lunch to catch up with friends and we didn't feel pressured to leave the second we were finished our meal or anything, which was very nice. I do wish some of the entrees were less bland, but you can't have everything. Perhaps it's because I prefer a little bit more spice, but the hibachi chicken and salmon dishes I've tried were rather underwhelming. The fish used in the sashimi and sushi seems fresh for the most part though, and since it's raw that's far more important to me!
