1	Please make 0 stars an option Yelp!  Avoid BOB and STEVE at the Thomas/44th St. location at all costs! Got suckered into a Serta Perfect Sleeper here, and within a MONTH the nearly $1500.00 bed was sagging!  We didn't want to deal with it and are moving and called Bedmart about the warranty weeks ago.  They looked up our file, and said that an inspector would "be in touch" to set up an appointment to inspect the bed.  I waited a week and called back but they said not to worry.  I called a week later, and they said they would "look into it."  Called again and they said they'd look into it again, but go no return call.  Finally, I called again today, for the 4th time, and STEVE told me there was no way it would happen until next year (after we move).  That's annoying, and bad service, sure, but the reason I'm writing this is that they were patronizing, rude, and just plain insulting.  When I said I was dissatisfied at having to wait a month, after we move, just for the initial appointment, STEVE spoke to me like he was doing me a favor to look into why we had not been contacted!  In fact, he actually said this!  He was vague about the whole thing and when I asked a question about it, he actually said he could fax my request to the "factory today" or "THROW IT IN THE TRASH!"  BTW, the "manager" Bob said the factory is actually closed, so faxing it was not a favor at all!  Either way, are they really doing me a favor to follow up on the bad service for the crappy product they sell?  No!  I called back and asked to speak to the store manager, who answered the phone and identified himself as BOB.  Without even giving me a chance to say hello, he gruffly said he had heard the whole conversation and was not going to allow abuse.  I explained that I was the abused one, and that unless I had been on speaker phone, he had only heard one side of the conversation.  He did not like facts, and was even more rude after I pointed this out.  Needless to say, he clearly did not care about customer service, talked over me and cut me off, and spoke to me like he was Donald Trump and I was his peon contestant.  He proceeded to tell me that there would be no inspection anytime soon, since the Serta factory was closed until the New Year.But he offered a hollow favor...if I wanted, he would call me Monday, Xmas Eve.  Umm, hello, but you just told me the factory who sets up the inspection appointments, is closed for 10 days...so what new information would you have in 2 days?  BOB did not want to be bothered with facts, and just wanted to shove it to me, whether it made sense or not, so he kept repeating and belaboring this.  "When does the factory open, I asked?"  But BOB, who either made up the whole thing about the closure, or knew only half the facts, or just wanted to keep shoving it to me, wouldn't tell me.  "When do you want me to call you back, since you want everything on your schedule," he asked.  "How about right when the factory re-opens."  "How about we just have them call you to set up the appointment," he said.  Um, but "I already did that weeks ago, and they didn't set it up," I pointed out.  (That's why I called 4 times.)  "Whenever the factory opens, the next day would be fine," I said.  Then BOB decided, even though I told him this would not work, he would not follow up on why they hadn't called and just start over.  In other words, throw the follow-up request in the trash!  No, I said, I don't want that.  "That's what I'm doing," and then hung up on meWe went to BedMart looking for a latex mattress that was firm.  But Bed Mart on 44th/Thomas convinced us that this spring bed would be great and would not sag.  They lied.  Then we call about the warranty because the bed is crap and they know it, we don't hear from them repeatedly.  Someone else at the 44th/Thomas location was supposed to follow up with me two days ago but never did (on my 3rd call).  Clearly, they want to get a bed sold, period.  If you have a problem, which eventually you will, they will tell you it is someone else fault, not return calls, patronizingly tell you that they are doing you a favor to follow up on your lack of service, and basically treat you like you are crap because you have a problem with the bed.  To top it all off, they will hang up on you and be rude.  Stay away from this location, from BedMart generally, and from Bob and Steve!
5	I met Steve at the Local First Arizona Fall Festival and he was so sweet. I hadn't bought a mattress in over a decade and I was nervous about getting the wrong one. I visited the shop a few weeks later (with my pillow) and he staff was super helpful. They showed me a lot of different mattresses in my price range and that fit my body needs. (I like a firmer mattress.) They encouraged me to really spend time on each one and get a feel for it. I never felt pressured or rushed. They never seemed annoyed when I walked back and forth between the two mattresses I was considering - repeatedly laying on each one. I bought my mattress on a Saturday and the crew delivered it on Sunday and hauled away my old sunken mattress. They were in and out in less than 5 minutes!
5	I recently moved to the area and was looking for a new mattress.  Steve was great. He asked me what I was looking for in a bed and then directed me towards a few different models to try. He knew what he was talking about and never pressured me into buying anything. He gave me a great deal! Highly recommend going to bedmart!
5	From the moment I walked in I knew this was the right place for me to find the perfect mattress and box springs.  Genevieve was busy helping another customer which gave me the perfect opportunity to test out as many beds as I wanted -- tho' I did ask first before I began my bouncing search for comfort.  And did I find it? WOW!  No sales person over my shoulder offering unwanted information, this was a search I needed and wanted to do with my back, hips, and general comfort and no one hovering around me.  When Genevieve finished with the customer she was helping when I walked in, she still didn't bother me, just left me on my own with the "if you have any questions..." line should I need assistance.  Because I was left to my own devices, my search was quickly resolved.Genevieve was helpful and supportive without being overbearing - she's a natural who sells by being a class act, not by pushing a product down the customer's throat - ah, that more sale people knew this tactic and the riches it can yield for them and their company.  When I did sit down with her at The Desk, my contract was quickly filled in, payment made, and delivery arranged -- the delivery men, by the way, were terrific (and on time!).  The bed I purchased is wonderful, it's like sleeping on a cloud - truly I look forward to going to bed each night.  In fact, right now I think I'll go take a short - or long - nap.Sincerely,SO
1	This store and the Bedmart company actually deserve ZERO stars. Run away from Bedmart! We purchased a very expensive BeautyRest mattress a few weeks ago. Upon delivery, we quickly discovered that it was nothing like the demo mattress in the showroom. We complained to the Arizona Bedmart manager, Ryan Ralphs, and he never responded. The store staff could care less. They even insisted on charging us the $99 fee to get another mattress, which was also horrible. Again, RUN AWAY from Bedmart.
