1	Argh!  Thought I could get some simple tires put on my car at this location.  Not a chance!  They took forever and now the car shakes going down the road.  Also, when trying to get it fixed, they made me wait for days!  Forget going back....need to find another place to get my car balanced now.
2	Sears is a wonderful store to shop at. But due to the service it sucks. My brother wanted to come to Sears to buy Dockers pants for work. While he was trying on pants, I went to ask the lady in the mens department to confirm something about the fitting. That Dum wench didn't know what the hell I was talking about, and kept talking about cuffs in the pants and that her husband doesn't wear dress pants. After finding the right style and fit we went to go see if we could order more and have it shipped to the house. Well she acted like folks don't know how to use the computer. So I started asking questions that I knew she couldn't answer, just so she would STFU or get the hint to leave. It took the cashier 30 mins to ring up 6 pair of pants and he still couldn't get that right. The shoe department was worse. It's been over a week and we are still waiting for more dress pants to be delivered-I'm sure Sear's jacked that order up as well.
1	I came here on Black Friday to get some of the items listed on their cover ad for the big sale.  When I got there is was complete chaos.  They did not have any of the items that were being advertised for Black Friday and refused to place orders and the sale price.  I waited in line for 2 hours to purchase another version of the item I originally went to just to listen to every single customer complaining about something that the store was mis-advertising or refusing services for.  When I finally got to the check out line the lady rang my item up as pick up instead of take out.  So I watched them take my item away from me so I had to pull around back and wait in yet another long line of complaints from customers receiving the wrong item or not receiving their item at all.  I had my item in my hand but had to wait to pick it up!! Not to mention that when I first arrived at the store I asked a salesperson about the item I was looking for to which he gave me some nonsense answer. I will definitely not be returning here.
1	I bought a dishwasher at the Sears online store and changed my mind after I paid for it with paypal. They told me that the sale was still pending and I needed to wait another 24 hours before I could cancel it. I called back the next day and canceled. This has been over a week and I still haven't gotten my money back. Sears has held onto close to 400.00 of mine and it appears that I'm going to have to fight to get it back. I submitted a dispute with paypal, (which will take 10 days for me to get my money) and also have spoken to countless people regarding my refund. Most of the phone numbers don't answer and personally, I will never do business with Sears again. I really couldn't afford to have this mix up with 400.00 for a couple of weeks. Sears is supposed to be a reputable company, but apparently they are doing so poorly, they hope you don't notice that they haven' given you a refund.
3	This Sears sucks, but to be fair, every Sears sucks. Luckily, this location seems to only mildly suck. Like most Sears there is an abundance of space and few employees. They are willing to help, but finding them, while they aren't with someone else or folding t-shirts deep in an aisle, is tough sledding. Although they offer carts, grab a basket if you find one bc the carts don't fit into any of the aisles :-/Ordering online is a whole new animal. It's so simple right? You get to shop at home and then simply pick up your items. Easy peasy. Only here at Sears, the machine where you would enter your order number to have your goods brought out to you was broken. Instead there was a piece of paper with a phone number to call. Weird. Instead I found an employee to grab someone from the back who quickly found my merch. They even brought it to my car. Win. Overall, not the worst store in the world, but I'm not rushing to head back.Tip: If you do order online, there is a separate entrance for merch pick up. Don't hit the regular store entrance.
2	I usually go to the Sears located on Grand Canyon Dr. but what made me want to check out this location was because I was looking for particular items in the kid's clothes section since it's limited at the Grand Canyon store. Luckily they were open on Easter Sunday but boy was there a lot of people. Though this location had a wide variety of clothes in all departments, I must say this store is just horrible, down to the staff and the appearance of store. This store was just a mess, clothes all over the place, nothing was stacked nice and neat and the racks just looked like a tornado had just hit. I love Sears but I'll just stick to my usual location and online though I do wish the Grand Canyon location carried a lot more clothes just like some of the other locations which are fully stocked.
1	A 1 1/2 Stars from me! Dreadful! I spent the longest year of my life the fifteen minutes I spent looking for help in there! I wanted to know where the TV department was so I could look for HDTV's. No one knew where the TV department was! Finally, by use of my OWN EARS AND EYES I found it, saw high prices and left, thank God! Good service is "How may I help you?" heard from many salespeople. I heard none at all, had the feeling it was because I was a white man in a store with Latino and Black salespeople. Unacceptable! Dreadful store!
4	I needed to get some new appliances and went to this store.  Sears has excellent service on appliances so I was motivated to buy.  Joe, the salesman, greeted me immediately and provided a no pressure presentation of the options available.  Of course he pitched the Kenmore products but explained the features on the variety of manufacturers, their warranties and discounts and gave a comparative analysis.  I have shopped at this Sears store for many years and find that it has great retail service and on hand merchandise.
2	The only time I go to Sears is for work on my car. They are really good with replacing car battery at no extra coast. Sears being located in the mall is a plus as I am able to walk around get something to eat.
5	Placed an order on line. Very easy process.  Went to the store, walked up to a checkout counter and asked the girl where merchandise pick-up was located. Lucky us, it was right around the corner!  Went to pick-up area, entered my info into machine, and someone brought my merchandise out within 3 minutes!  It couldn't have been easier!
1	I placed an order online for a 3 piece cast iron skillet set that was on sale for $17.99. It was a Christmas gift for my friend because that was what he wanted.  I got an email from Sears confirming the order and that it was available at this location.  In the email it said wait for a "ready for pickup" email. My friend was at Sears at Meadows Mall at the time I placed the order and he said he saw several of the 3 piece set. An hour later I get an email from Sears telling me there will be a delay for my order and that they will email me the next day.  I get an email the next day saying the 3 piece set was out of stock and they cancelled my order and they told me they were refunding my money. I decided to go online and check to see if they were really out of stock.  After checking I found out they had some in stock at this location and the price had went up to $21.99. I feel like Sears scammed me by wanting me to buy it for $21.99 instead of the $17.99 I had paid for when I ordered it. Do I feel like this is a fair business? No I don't. I will never order anything else from any Sears because they may do this again. My friend was looking forward to receiving that 3 piece cast iron skillet for his Christmas gift. I refuse to fall for Sears scam and pay the $21.99.  I'm telling all of my friends that shop at Sears about what happened and hopefully they will stop shopping at any Sears.
