4	It's definitely busy as it is just opening but this is the best bite for your buck this far West. Hit it up Tuesday for dollar tacos... now if only they served alcohol!
5	These tacos gave me a boner
3	This is just your typical fast food Mexican joint, no big deal! I have had Federico's at other locations. Never been that impressed! After eating lunch here with my wife, my opinion still hasn't changed! We shared a cheese enchilada, beef tacos, with rice . A week later! I am still burping it up!! I knew I was going to feel this way about it, But I still had to give it a chance. I am not saying this is a real bad place, because a great thing about it is when I go to work @ 3:30am! It is open!!!!!!!!
1	Ugh. I've never eaten at a Federico's, Rodiberto's, Pinocchio's or any other O's before and this was the last time I'll ever do it. Came back late from Anthem and didn't feel like cooking - this place is brand new, we've eaten at just about every Surprise food establishment and against my better judgement I suggested that we give it a shot for proverbials and giggles. The food was just DISGUSTING. I got a burrito and cheese enchilada combo and had to photograph it halfway through. Here's the pic (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Lhaj-hGoMgw70_vbFW9a9Q?select=nHDw95uHdll5qMAp3RY19A). After bringing the "meal" home (we live a mile away) the burrito tortilla was almost completely cold and I'm 100% convinced it was store bought. No doubt about it. Leathery and foul, like eating something directly out of the packet from Frys. After pulling it apart to remove the green peppers I noticed that there was maybe two tablespoons' worth of shredded beef in there, barely enough to fill a taco let alone a burrito. I had three bites of the thing before discarding it and almost retching - the entire experience was like mowing down on a spandex shirt that someone had just worked out in. The enchilada containment space looked like the locker room scene from the movie "Carrie" - see photo for proof. Rice was okay. Beans were okay, but pureed to the consistency of mashed potatoes. Barely any flavour at all. The wife's mileage was the same - she flung her carne asshola burrito after a single bite and wound up pouring a bowl of cereal for dinner. I tentatively bit into the kid's cheese quesadilla and almost couldn't strangle it down. We didn't need another Mexican restaurant in Phoenix and certainly not in Surprise. I hope this place goes down the gurgler in short order. A rare single star from me.
4	It is good to see Surprise get a good taco shop.  Not to say Riva's is bad because it is not.  I am just happy to see one closer to our house.Let me start this to say that this location is VERY clean.  Even the bathrooms!  For a Berto's style taco sop that is saying a lot!  Very friendly service and helpful staff.I have been ordering this style food my entire life, so I have my favorites.Rolled Tacos- Crispy and fresh with a good amount of guacamole and cheese.  The tacos have a good amount of meat inside.Carne Asada Burrito- Not salty meat!  Not fatty skirty steak!  Two biggest things i look for in a carne asada burrito!  Nice amount of Pico and guacamole.Machaca Burrito- Yum!  I like my machaca without the tomatoes and they are always wiling to oblige.  Nice egg to shredded beef ratio!Bean Burrito- Not too runny!  a good standy by.  I usually ask for a bean and rice burrito so it does not all fall apart.Beef Burrito (Ground Beef)- Very good ground beef.  Full of flavor and nice touch of onions and peppers.Cheese Quesadilla- My two boys are fans!I am also a fan of their salsa bar.  They keep it clean, cool and covered!Thank you Federico's!  You are a welcome addition to Surprise!
2	Was looking forward to having a Mexican restaurant nearby.  Went with family to check Federico's out firsthand.  We'd heard it was an "awesome" franchise so we were jazzed to try some good Mexican food really close to our home!We were pretty disappointed overall.  Pros:  It is nearby, decent parking available, simple, clean.  Portions are decent.  Employees were polite.  They had a couple strategically placed tvs and plenty of seating.  Their Horchata is delicious!Cons:  On the expensive side for a quick place to eat (around $7.00 for a plate and a drink), with 6 of us this added up to the same it would cost to eat at a "fancier" place.Most of what we tried was very bland.  Small dollop of Sour cream and guacamole extra 69 cents for EACH serving. Adds up to about another $1.38 per person! Husband liked his carne asada burrito.  The enchiladas, refried beans and rice were VERY bland.  The beef burritos had sliced green peppers and big chunks of tomatoes (not salsa consistency).  Never had a burrito with green peppers in it!  (and don't care to ever again!)  We left disappointed and like we'd blown  $60.00.  Even our teenagers were unhappy.  No one finished their plate.We weren't happy, but will try again on Taco tuesdays for $1.00 tacos.  Hubby says he would get carne asada burrito by itself.  Will update review if/when we try again.  It is a shame, as its close by and we'd heard good things about the franchise!
4	Great place for a quick meal. Good salsa, food seems fresh and not greasy. Price is unbeatable and the place is spotless.. The food at this location is better than the others in the valley.
4	OK....been back (2) more times to this Federico's (in Surprise).  The customer service has been outstanding.  The restaurant has been clean.  Food has been hot, and took others advice and stuck to the tacos.......Holy Frijole!  THEY ARE AWESOME!  Got the shredded beef tacos with an Horchata.......I am SO WOW'd by these (2) visits, that they made me take the time to update my initial review/impression from a 2-star to a 4-star.  The people working there, the service, the Tacos...well....YEP, HAPPY!
4	If you are familiar with Mexican drive through places like this, then you know this one is a good one, tacos were great, beans yummy, rice was decent, etc...
5	Great prices and great food!!!
3	I love fish tacos, they are very good hereTaco Tuesday
3	Went by today my wife and I both had the combo..... taco, enchilada with rice and beans. Taco was excellent the enchilada had green peppers in it??? WTF I have never had an enchilada with green peppers in it. Beans were really good and rice was okay. I will go back again but probably just stick to the Tacos. Price was $14 for both meals and no drink.
4	Well, I took my friend out for her birthday yesterday.  She is Mexican, although she really hates Mexicans.  One of her friends had mentioned that Federico's in the Fry's parking lot at Cotton Lane and Greenway had really good food, so when I asked her where she wanted to go, she thought we'd try it.  (On my birthday we go Asian, on her birthday, we do Mexican.)  All over town there are Frederico's, Pederico's, and all kinds of little drive thru Mexican places (good food, ambience not so good).  Last time I went to Frederico's they were out of refried beans... (?!).  I said, why are you open??  Anyway, so I didn't know what to expect.  But we pulled up and they had a lot of tables inside, as well as a drive thru on the side.   I ordered chili rellenos and she ordered a special with 5 tacos/carnitas (pork?).  We both wanted flour tortillas (like the Amercians do) instead of the corn tortillas.  That food was soooo good!!   I asked her if it was authentic and she said Ci, Ci, Ci.  I finished it and wanted more, even though I'm still full.  I will go back for more.  It was $15.00 for 2 people.  My friend missed the availability of cocktails, of course, but I don't drink and drive (usually).  I can afford to take my kids there for a guaranteed good meal.    We were there for 3  hours in spite of no ambience! :)
5	A drive through that's  open when you're hungry and everything else is closed. Score! Good food, clean facility, good service, and lots of choices on the menu. We eat here a couple times a month and have never been disappointed. Love the Carne asada plate and the tortas. Yumm.
3	I've been here three times now.  Twice for dinner and once for breakfast.  First, I love their shredded beef tacos.  They are addicting. The kids like their cheese quesadillas.  They use a full size tortilla and aren't stingy with the cheese.  Their carne asada was so-so.  The cheese enchilada was pretty bad. This was due to the weird sauce.  It certainly didn't taste like any enchilada sauce I've ever had.I had the bacon breakfast burrito once.  When I pulled up and saw the price, roughly $4.75 after tax, I thought  "oh boy, this is gonna be one of those places that throws a 5 lb. bomb at you".  Unfortunately, no.  For nearly $5 I got a small, hopeless burrito.  This is my biggest problem with Federico's....they are over priced.  I can get a larger burrito at similar restaurants for at least a dollar less.  It's not just the breakfast burrito, but everything on the menu.  I'm all for smaller portions, but at least make your prices match.  Will I be back?  Oh yes!  As I said, the tacos are addicting.  But I'll probably just stick with that.
4	Clean fast very good food that you'll enjoy more than once cause you return . A + I eat here several times per week and enjoy breakfast burritos as welk as combo plates.  Its a nice atmosphere with nice employees.  Even my kids enjoy the food.
3	Usually, it is on the spot.  We are regulars and tonight we just did not have a good experience.  My wife went through drive thru and there was quite a line.  No big deal.  Good things for those who wait.The problem was the food.  We both ordered Carne Asada Burritos and the tortillas were very tough on both.  The meat was very salty.  Just not good.We expect more out of you, Federico's.
2	Wanted to have a breakfast burrito before work, drove up and only had one car in front of me! No big deal, right? After sitting there for 15 minutes, I had to go! Was going to be late for work. Should have gotten out of the truck, and gone inside! But you would think the drive through would have been quicker?
1	Food poisoning my first time (and now last) eating here. Stay away if you value your health! One star only because yelp doesn't allow you zero.
5	Really how does this place only have 3 stars ? If you are looking for a really CLEAN restaurant this is the place . The food is great the beans are as good as my home cooked ones. Priced so reasonable ! Give it a try u won't be disappointed ... Our only problem is now that we found this place we don't want to go anywhere else & find our selfs eating there 3 times a week !! Finally a good Mexican restaurant in Arizona !!
3	This place is my favorite fast good Mexican place so far in Surprise. I have tried their Carne Asada breakfast burritos, Huevos Rancheros, Rolled tacos (my personal favorite), torta, and chimichanga. Their chips and chunky salsa are amazing to add to your meal and their fountain drink Pepsi is amazing! I don't know what the difference between their Pepsi and other restaurants Pepsi's but theirs is def quite tasty. The reason I only gave this place 3 stars is because they have on multiple occasions messed up my order, as well as taking forever to get me my order. On top of that their was a huge incident with their Litchfield park location of food poisoning, and they have had multiple violations...I hope this is not the case for this place.
2	Would not recommend bought a chili Relleno burrito with carna asada meat paid 2 dollars extra for meat it was the smallest burrito I've ever gotten at a burrito place and cost 8 dollars  I complained and they didn't care so I've never been back
1	Probably the worst "Mexican food" since Taco Bell.If I was not on my lunch and crunched for time, I would have taken the food back for a refund after the first bite of beans, rice, and chimi.New to the Phoenix area, but grew up in Nogales, so yes, I do know and love Mexican food.....but will not return here.
1	The tacos are terrible. The shells are stale and the lack of filling that is put into the tacos makes them more of just a stale shell taco.  Customer service is a nightmare!
1	We started eating here in November 2013. It was good and we ate here at least once a month. Then sometime in February 2014 they raised their prices and the food quality went DOWN HILL! The last time we went We spent 30 dollars on dinner for a family of 4 and we all ordered something different. We ended up SICK! Not going here ever again.
1	Warning!!! Watch your bank account after transactions. We through the drive thru at approx 350am. Ordered a breakfast burrito and the night shift guy over weight build wearing black rimmed glasses gave himself a $10 tip. Service was slow and he stated he was on the phone with the police. Best conversation I heard with the police. Beware!
1	We have gone 3 times, my husband likes fish tacos-I ordered a beef and cheese burrito---twice the burger was burned so bad I thought someone was playing a joke. The tortilla was dry and breaking apart.  The home made salsa is good.
4	Ordered fish tacos, #13? It was absolutely delicious! The staff was pretty friendly, and the wait wasn't too long..it was about 2 hours after lunch, so that's probably why. I'm a big fish taco foodie and the one from here was pretty good! Also, the salsa bar was great! Great tasting red and green sauces, and I loved how it was covered to keep it's freshness. Definitely got my monies worth with this place! There is also a drive thru!
1	So today a coworker was going to get lunch and offered to grab me something.......he'll buy.So I ask where he's going....Fredricos...... I paused, but figured if he's buying, I'll give it another try....."Get me a Carne Asada Burrito".........after all, I had read this is what made them famous...My rating has not improved.....still disgusting......couldn't eat it all, not because of the size.....but it was just disgusting......stale tortilla, meat flavored horribly......I could go on.......
3	Never a huge fan of Federico's, they just seem to be everywhere and the closest mexican fast food around. I really got to stop going here.
4	Been several times, love their carnitas. Husband loves their horchata, and he's picky!
1	Always mess up my Menudo.  Always ask for no pigs foot and they always add it. They might think this is funny. That's okay. Going to El Mirage from now on. Added picture.
5	One the chicks there super hot I'd bang for sure Two food is pretty god damn amazing big fan of it And finally three no Manches Hugo Sanchez yall feel me I'm knocking let a brother in NEVER FORGET FERGUSON MIZZOU
