3	We had quite a mixed experience in Blackfriars. Much like Gardener's Cottage and Timberyard, this place has been getting a lot of positive coverage for their commendable approach to sourcing and commitment to local produce, which is excellent news. Unfortunately, their dishes are a really mixed bag in terms of the quality and, in particular, the balance. Too often, there is one or two too many elements at work, making dishes quite frustrating. The idea of making their own black pudding, for example, is tremendous, but it's just not very tasty, which is a huge shame.The restaurant is quite stylish (we only briefly looked in to the bar, which looked fairly similar) and the waiters and waitresses are lovely, but it has some way to go before it's producing dishes that are really going to impress.So overall, we said: "Blackfriars has some work to do to improve how the various elements of their dishes come together. There's no reason why they can't do that, though, given the quality of ingredients they're sourcing, so I look forward to seeing how things progress. For now, the place is smart and the service very good, but the food is very likely to divide opinion."
3	I really only have come here for drinks. It's a really funky little bar tucked aweay on the royal mile on Blackfriars street. I like it for it's chilled atmosphere, and decent beer selection. Schiehallion on tap is always welcome! I imagine in the evening it's got a great atmosphere too with it's weird tables and odd layout. I like it. Will check out food and report back!
4	Blackfriars is hidden on the road parallel to the one on which the Festival theatre stands. The street is a wee bit run down and we thought we were in the wrong place!! However, once we found the restaurant, it could not be faulted. From the warm welcome we received to the modern, casual ambience and the good wine. The menu is a compact choice of unusual combinations, but all perfect cooked and presented. Every course was delicious! I had for starters 3 Oysters with fresh lemon which were very tasty and my friends had home smoked trout and apple salad, and black pudding and eggs on toast which I had slight food envy over! Main course for me was Hake with summer peas, beans and samphire in a light butter sauce - yum! They guys had steak and chips and the silence said it all! Wonderful food and great service.
5	I have been here several times for drinks over the past few months and can not fault this cozy wee bar. The staff is always so lovely and friendly and the drink selection is immense with a full bar. During the summer they made some nice gin cocktails and they still offered it when I asked about them with no hesitation. They generally always have a good selection of beers on tap, but mainly I go to have a gin. There is an adjoining restaurant, which I haven't eaten in, but they offer some nibbles in the bar from the kitchen next door. It also isn't outrageously expensive.The seating is really nice, with some cushions on the wall or some nice wooden tables with stools. During the summer they have a beer garden. There isn't really any standing place for people with drinks, but they do offer that you can do next door if there is no where to sit. Worth the wait though if you have the time. They also have one large table for a party of 10 if you have a few people with you. It is a lovely place to go before or after dinner, show, etc. and I've heard their food is good, hopefully one day soon I can try it. They are currently offering an amazing looking Christmas dinner, which sounded incredible and for the low price of 25 pounds. Maybe that's when I will get to try it.
5	This was the best meal we have had in the UK. As Californians, we are accustomed to excellent, fresh food. This was the first example of the kind of cuisine we love. The venison was cooked on a charcoal BBQ and was so flavorful and tender. It was accompanied by barley and greens that were perfectly cooked and really enhanced the flavor of the meat. The plaice with muscles and cockles was perfectly cooked. Pan fried in butter, it was moist and melted in your mouth. Dessert was a rhubarb tart with rhubarb sorbet. Scrumptious.
4	Terrific wee place for a cosy supper. This is my kind of restaurant and dining; a bit of flair without being more style-over-substance. It definitely helps that it has the adjoining bar next-door.The menu is just different enough to be interesting without trying too hard, and a couple of retro classics (see steak n bernaise) just to make it all a bit more accessible. The service was excellent too. I look forward to returning sometime soon and seeing if I can't up the rating to 5*. It's a good 4 1/2 after one visit so far...
