3	I originally went here because of a horrible toothache a little later than most dentist offices are open.  Got my x-rays, needed a root canal.  Went through the root canal surgery but this is where it became bad.I went through three molds of my teeth before a good porcelain cap could be made that fit correctly.  Here, they take a mold, it takes three weeks to get a crown back and then they fit you... well, let me stress that my dentist made notes on how it should fit as well as the mold.  Each time, it never fit until the third one.  My insurance by this time had ceased but I figured I would be okay since this was an issue with the company, not me.I think I'm fine, a few months go on and I'm hit with a huge bill for the cap.  Skip ahead more than a month with me panicking, calling the office and calling my insurance and everything is settled.  This office does not know how to research different insurance companies and how long people are covered after their insurance ceases (for example, I was still covered for my crown 90 days after surgery to be seated for it).Long story short...  the dentists and the dental assistants who do the actual work on your mouth are amazing.  They deserve more than this company and really took great care of my mouth.  I had heard root canal horror stories but I had no issues!  The bad is the receptionists and the people who actually take care of the billing parts, make sure your billing and statements are correct, nothing changing or else you might be speaking to your insurance agency in no time.
2	The staff is very friendly and that is what earned this business the second star.  There was a scheduling mix-up initially.  Additionally, the Dentist only spent 35 seconds (literally) on the examination of my wife's teeth.  The building has a cattle or factory type of feel in the back.  After 2 hours and no cleaning we decided to leave.  I do not recommend this Western Dental facility.
5	I recently had 6 fillings done here and I had a wonderful experience. Dr. Koch took care of me and made me feel very comfortable. He was extremely friendly and personable. He told me to call if I had any issues. I had a rough spot on one of my fillings and went back a couple of days later. Dr. Koch was off of work but stayed late to take care of me. He buffed out the rough spot for me and now my mouth feels like new. I was hesitant to go to Western Dental because I thought they were the Walmart of dentistry but I was pleasantly surprised! This place is convenient,  affordable, and the staff is extremely friendly.
1	I went into western dental on May 30th to get teeth cleaning. I paid a down payment of $92 dollars. I returned on June 13th to finish the cleaning. The total bill was $459.00. I told them I would pay t he full amount on my health savings credit card if they would Refund my $92 dollar payment on my debit card. The lady said she would but it would take a week or so. It's now been almost 3 months and western dental has not returned my money after many phone calls to corporate and the office on Arizona ave.WoRst customer service I have every seen, and many complaints on ripoffreport.comI won't go back ever and I will get my money back......Western dental finally  returned about 75 dollars of my money.  The reason they didn't return the last $17 dollars is because my insurance company under paid.WELL, how about the interest on my money for the last three months, and when western dental people don't pay western dental charges them a late payment fee of about $25 bucks.  western dental owes me two months late fees and interest for a total of $59 dollars. LOL. Good luck getting that. I also had an appointment Sept 8th for more dental work. I canceled that appointment. So..the way it stands western dental by not giving back my $92 dollars lost a lot of money in future appointment and a returning customer.  I may be dumb but you'd think corporate would help a customer when they are right, I ran into roadblock after roadblock. I will never come back and I'm telling all my friends what happened. I would fire most of the people at corporate and hire people that care about the customer.Ed Morris602-501-3302
