4	Today was  opening day for this location (MetroCenter area) and I had to go in and try the ButterBurger. I ordered the double with the full complement of condiments. The burger was really tasty (the butter does make a difference) and fresh. Considering the busy time (early evening) and the dinner crowd, I got my order pretty fast. I'm looking forward to trying the other items next time, especially the frozen custard.
4	Utterly superb customer service!There must be at least 47 employees buzzing around like bees.  I was startled by an offer to "help you right here sir!" only seconds after entering the front door, before my eyes had even adjusted to the change in light.Awesome menu offerings and wide selection of choices.+ Fresh not frozen burgers with lots of customization available. + Tasty desserts =Great American Fast Food
3	We went here for dinner on opening night.  This Culver's   There were a ton of employees working, and we were greeted by a couple at the front door.  There were also several working the register, though it seemed to take longer than it should before we placed our order.  (Note:  we used a coupon, and didn't notice it until we were leaving but they did not take the coupon off.)  The wife got a grilled chicken sandwich and I had a double Butterburger (I think they call them this because the buns are toasted with butter, not because they are cooked with butter) with cheese and a side of mashed potatoes.  And of course, the awesome Culver's root beer.  The sandwiches and drinks were good, but the mashed potatoes were average.  Maybe I'm used to the ones from the DV location, but I normally scarf Culver's mashed taters down, but not so much here.  Don't get me wrong, I still ate them all, but they were as good...  During the meal the manager was working the floor and we had a nice brief chat with him.  Later, some employees were giving out samples of their pomegranate ice cooler.  It was fine, I liked the consistency and I think in the future I will get a cooler, though maybe a lemon one.Three stars to Culver's.  The coupon incident and the mashed potatoes knocked them down.  Not sure if I'll go to this location again unless I'm meeting someone.  The Deer Valley one has always been good to me, plus it seems like the DV one is much easier to get to with less traffic/congestion on the surrounding streets.
5	Damn my neglectful parents who never bothered give me frozen custard as a child! I have let 28 long years pass. I can't ever get those years back, but I can take control of my own destiny and make sure it becomes a permanent fixture in my life. Culver's has two staples. Chocolate and Vanilla. Boring? Not any more. Not when it's creamy, smooth, and rich. They have Marshmallow fluff as a topping!They also have a "flavor of the day" that you can check out on their website.  I had great customer service, too!
4	I love frozen custard! Imagine super rich and creamy soft serve and that's frozen custard. As Shannon C. mentioned, they'll always have vanilla or chocolate and you can build your own sundae for as little as $2.39 (includes 1 scoop and 2 toppings) and they make something similar to a Blizzard (Concrete Mixer) for $2.89 (short size) but I keep an eye on the flavor of the day (http://www.culvers.com/flavors.aspx?storeId=399) for my guide. I mean, seriously, Double Marshmallow Oreo (Rich chocolate custard loaded with Oreo cookie pieces and marshmallow creme)? Or, Butter Brickle (Specially blended butter pecan custard enhanced with all-time favorite chewy chunks of Heath Bar.)  Who could resist a special trip!?!Culver's is known for their ButterBurgers, though. It's worth noting that unless you order a Deluxe you have to specify which of the toppings like mayonnaise, mustard, ketchup, pickles, onions, tomato and lettuce you want; otherwise, ya just get a buttered bun! They make a big deal about the meat being "fresh, never frozen 100% US raised" and cooked to order and they're pretty tasty, but this is a fast food burger, not what I like to refer to as a "backyard burger." So keep your expectations in check an you will be pleased.The counter service has been good each time I've visited, but I have to give a shout out to my favorite, Luther, who broke it all down for me and, no doubt, made my first visit to the Metro location go smooth. It's worth noting they have items besides burgers, like salads and pot roast dinners. Although I haven't ventured there yet, I happen to be a fan of pork tenderloin sandwiches and am looking forward to giving the one at Culver's a try.  But, it's going to have to be on a day that I cannot resist the Flavor of the Day... maybe Friday for Strawberry Cheesecake!
3	I think maybe I expected too much from the hype.  In defense of hype there are a lot of folks here from the Midwest and Culver's brings back a piece of their past.  I know there are things that if they showed up here from Santa Barbara I would feel the same way.Friday lunch the place was packed.  There are 3 registers, all in use and the drive through.  I ordered the $4.99 special (double cheese butter burger, fries and a soft drink) and a 2 scoop custard ($2.69?).  They had not had the software loaded to handle the special so they were not advertising it.  The counter person had to find a manager to explain what the special was and how to handle it then had to come back at the end to key in a code with her card.  I asked for everything except mustard, what I got was mayo and onions.  There was a bottleneck at the soda machine which was dispensing ice at about 3 cubes a minute.  I managed to find a seat and about 8 minutes later my food arrived (you place a number on your table and they find you).  The burger was well done to the point of being crunchy around the edges.  The crinkle cut fries were pretty good. My order taker asked if I wanted desert after the meal.  This seemed like a good idea so I agreed.  After I finished my meal I went to go get my desert.  I first had to work backwards through the soda backup then, approaching from the other direction, I had to catch the attention of a server between orders.  This while getting stared down by the 20 or so folks standing in line.  I handed in my slip and was given a new number and went back to my table.  I think I would take my chances on the custard softening if I was to eat there during a lunch or dinner rush again, it adds too much time to a lunch run. Strawberry cheesecake frozen custard.  That was the flavor of the day.  It came close to rivaling Cold Stone in overall taste quality and for considerably less money.All the employees I came in contact with were pleasant and helpful.  The new restaurant is of course spotless.  They could have done better designing with how they handle backups at the soda machine and more than a few folks in line, having he line snake into the eating area creates a bit of a bottle neck.  Quite a few booths and tables, many of which can be reconfigured, inside.  There is a good size misted outdoor seating area.
1	I have never heard of Culver's before and I was dying to try their frozen custard. I got there 10 minutes before they closed. I felt kind of bad but the staff told me that if I got there a minute before they closed they would still serve me. I ordered the sourdough melt combo and a scoop of their frozen custard. The sandwich was alright, the french fries were flavorless, and the frozen custard wasn't anything special. I was really disappointed. It seems like a lot of people like this place and I don't know why don't believe the hype.
4	I kept hearing about this place from my friend Henry. But as many of time that i have driven by it I never tried it till just recently. We went there with a craving for a good burger. To say the least the craving was fulfilled and more. The burgers are made with fresh meat that is cooked crispy which is awesome for a fast food place. The Frozen custard is amazing and the featured flavor is amazing. I will have to go back many times as thier menu is huge and I want to try everything there.
3	Dang you Culver's, with your proximity and convenient drive through! With all the nearby Baskin-Robbins and DQs now closed, I find myself at Culver's a bit too often.I do love frozen custard. I'd like to say that I'm not going to say that I had way better frozen custard back East. But I'm not, because I did.Nonetheless, theirs is pretty decent. They have some tasty flavors of the day. The toppings are ridiculously sweet, however. But obviously it's not enough to keep me away.
5	Excellent burgers, fries and desert along with other menu items (including salads, fish, chicken items).  Coupons frequently available in the weekly AZ Rep newspaper. (Located in the old Whataburger building near MetroCenter)
5	Culver's is everything In n' Out Burger is supposed to be but isn't. High quality fast food with the friendliest service you will ever find. There's nothing like a Butter Burger and Cheese Curds.
3	Was there on a Sunday afternoon, the place was packed!  I ordered a Patty Melt, fries, and a drink.  The burger and fries were ok.  Nothing special.  Then we had to go back for frozen custard.  I have never had frozen custard, ME LIKEY!  It was like a THICK ice cream.  I had snickers with mine.  YUM!  The employees are very nice.
5	So far I have only had the frozen custard...The Pecan turtle concoction to be exact, I would eat 10 if I didnt think my husband would judge me. We plan to go back and try the burgers!
3	Hey buttah buttah!  Hey buttah buttah!3 & 3/10th stars.This food reminds me of my childhood.  That's right, I have been eating healthy since a very young age.  Especially things like chili cheese fries.  My daughter pointed out that they know the 3 secrets of French cooking...butter, butter and butter.The burgers are pretty decent for a fast food burger.  Fries were ok, tasty soft serve but the portion varies wildly based on my two visits.  8 meals for 4 bucks is probably a good idea these days as well.
5	OMG. HELL-the-f*ck-O!Culver's,I sure am glad you came to the valley. I read about you in the paper. Guess what? I want to eat you!!!So, I unfortunately have not eaten any real food here yet. But I'm sure planning on coming back for some!I saw the sign about their strawberry mango smoothies. There is a reason these puppies come with a spoon. I don't care how good you are ladies, there is almost no way in hell you're gonna suck hard enough to get at it. They start out THAT thick! They have real fruit chunks in them too. But not too chunky. It's pretty blended, but you can tell actual fruit went in. It was a little too sweet at times but still ridiculously tasty. I think I liked the mango bit more than the strawberry.
3	I decided to give Culver's a second chance and I'm glad I did. The service is very friendly and the chipotle cheese curds I ordered were pretty good. I was surprised how spicy they were! I've also come back for the frozen custard I can't get enough of it!
4	Same as the others... Clean, friendly and good. I was able to order a chicken legs and mashed taters for one kid, coleslaw and frys for the other, 2 kids meals for the adults and no one complained. They are always more then happy to help you in anyway possible.
4	OK, I'll admit it, I get my once a week Culver's fix.  Usually the delux double w/fries....can you say good times.  I've done the chicken sandwich once and was not impressed so I'd stick with a burger which is very addictive.  Ever since Culver's opened, I have not set foot in a Wendys for their double.  Reminds me of grilled goodness from the midwest.  Friendly staff too.
5	The food is great the price is high but the overall experience was good. I have never been here before so the experience was interesting to say the least.
4	When we drove to our hotel, Culver's was right next door to us. I was curious when I read their description: Butterburgers and frozen custard. I'd thought I would try the custard, since I have never had custard. You must forgive me, since I am So Cal, born and bred, and only know soft serve.Since most of our meals were already planned out, we could only sneak in the custard in between the meals. When we were in line for Pizzeria Bianco, I had asked the second in line's opinion of Culver's and was told they were very good, albeit back in the mid West. They had tried it here, but said the franchises out here did not compare. They said the burgers were good and the custard was a must try.I decided to forgo the daily flavor and went with the vanilla. It is simply the most divine thing ever! Imagine soft serve, with a silky and creamy texture. It literally blew my mind to how good this was. I was determined to have it a few more times and buy a few quarts to bring home with me. Can't beat this: quart #1 $5.50 + quart #2 3.00, so hells yes two quarts. I am saving them for a special occasion...I will definitely try the burgers the next time I'm in town. Where else do they slap butter onto the patty?
5	I've gone back a few times since my last review. Every single experience has been fantastic! The burgers are pretty good, BUT do yourself a favor and get the pork tenderloin OMFG!!! Sooooo freaken amazing! Also their onion rings are pretty much perfect! And the fried cheese curd...just get it! I was a little creeped out eating something called cheese curd, but holy deliciousness!
4	Where do you go after giving your left Gluteus Maximus a workout at the AMF Bowling on 83rd & Peoria?Answer: 8.2 miles away to Culver's!I wasn't very thrilled to go 8.2 miles out of my way just to eat at some ice-cream/hamburger joint, but my friends recommended it so I gave it a try.It was a very nice place. The cashier lady who took our order was very pleasant. The manager even came to our table to take our trays away (of course, that was probably because we stayed a good 30 minutes after they closed, so that was probably his polite way of kicking us out). But he spoke very kindly! :-)Unfortunately I didn't try their ice-cream, so I cannot comment on that. Their food, however, was satisfying.So go ahead a give Culver's a try! You will be satisfied.Now if only the soreness of my Gluteus Maximus would go away...
4	Just can't go wrong at Culver's!
5	Saw a coupon in the entertainment book for this place and had never heard if it. Friends said they are as prolific as mcd's in wisconsin and that I had to try the cheeses curds. What? Curds? So I took my son one afternoon for lunch and now we are hooked. Great fresh burgers cooked when you order it. Plus the concrete mixer frozen custard is awesome. My favorite so far is the cherry cheesecake. They have several flavors all the time plus a flavor of the day. Plus an iPhone app which is great!
4	This place reminds me of mid-western cooking. It has lots of butter. on everything - even the burgers. I enjoy their custard and cheese curds.
5	Burger aficionado? You owe it to yourself to check this place out. The burgers are juicy, tender and loaded with flavor. If you're in the neighborhood don't miss it!
4	Wow, I was surprised how good this burger was.  Truthfully I tried going to In and Out but the line was around the building so I decided to give Culvers a try.  Glad I did, the burger was greasy but juicy and full of flavor.  I like that they use butter and the fries were good also.  Only mistake I made was trying to eat in the car, I quickly learned that my pants were not going unstained.  I tried coming here once before but the inside kind of smelled like Dairy Queen so I walked out.  I guess I just have to stick to the drive thru.  Ha ha
5	Reliably delicious.  Burgers are really  yummy, custard is off the hook, i love being able to get mashed potatoes or something different with my burger.  I had the pot roast sandwich once and it was stuffed with the pot roast such that i had to take some off.  Could've used a sauce.  The menu really does have something for everyone.
5	The best Burgers in Town!!!!!  I have been hooked on their yummy burgers since the first bite.  I used to always drive by this place and notice that the parking lot was always packed........and no wonder, they are Wonderful!!!!!  Their custards are extremely yummy too :)  Worth the drive from North Scottsdale.  I haven't tried anything else off their menu besides the burgers, custard and fries.  Always tell myself that I will next time but when the time comes I just can't pass up my favs :)
4	When they first opened, this was my favorite burger joint.  Aside from the fact that there's an In N Out right across the street, this place is clearly in the same league as they both offer super greasy restaurant-quality burgers in a fast-food setting.  I'd say the burgers are on par with In N Out, but they have a lot more options.  I'm sure In N Out has a lot of variations, too, but they'd rather keep their menu secret so hipsters will sound cool ordering "Animal Style" or whatever.  Culver's still has the advantage when it comes to variety, though, as they have other food, including dinners similar to what you might find at Boston Market.  They also have frozen custard and cheese curds for teh win!As for taste, my first bite of a Bacon Butter Burger really hit me, I couldn't hep but take notice of how tasty it was.  It reminded me of my first bite of a Double-Double at In N Out, lol.  It was my favorite burger joint  until I discovered Rocket Burger.  I visited the Camelback location, but was disappointed.  The food at the Metrocenter location is consistently good, however.All in all, the burgers are great, and the varied menu and the special custard flavors keep things interesting.
5	Culver's has some good burgers! I'd say this is easily one of the top 5 burger joints in my book. Try the chedder butter burger and cheese curds! Service is always fast and friendly.
4	This is an Upgrade of "in n out" said by all 5 of the friends i came to eat with (2-24-12)great burgers (even though i normally dont eat burgers)quality in meat was exceptional as well as the servicebut one thing really boosted my thought about this placeit was the thing that looked like ice cream lolamazing.
5	Always friendly, ready to take your order and very clean. Food is great and especially love the deep fried curds and deserts.
5	Love this place!  Really great burgers is what gets me back here all the time.  The inside is always clean and the staff is good.  Food is always delivered to my table in a timely manner and it is hot and fresh.  The country music they play could be turned down a bit, but otherwise isn't too bad.  I haven't tried any of the frozen treats yet, but I hear they are great too.
4	Try the colbyjack burger. Greasy Yummy. Fries is ok.
4	I went here for lunch today and was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered the Classic Double with fried cheese curds.  I was less than pleased with the confusing drive-thru situation and waiting time, but it was all ok once I got back to my office and saw/tasted the food.The burger actually looks like it does in the picture and tasted just as great.  The burger was not too greasy, was full of flavor, and was held together perfectly with the bun thus no mess all over my desk and pants.  The cheese curds were also very good and pretty much what I expected from fried cheese.I would definitely return.
2	Price was pretty high for a burger, fries and a drink. $8.00 and some change. The burger was good but I'm a big guy, thinking this is a snack for me. I can't see a family of 4 going there for less then $25.00 for lunch.
3	I didn't hear about Culver's until a co-worker took us to lunch a few months ago. I had no idea it even existed until then! Anyways, over all, I liked it here, but here's a few bullet points I noticed while eating here today.* the place is really clean, well stocked, and the staff was friendly.  I needed a few minutes to decide what I wanted despite there being a small line at the register area.*they actually have a decent menu with fair pricing and I liked that they had a variety of food to choose from.  *they seem to have a great selection of ice cream, which is cool! But, they seem to be a Christian themed type resturant.  I don't mind it, but I haven't been to a place like this in a while.  Just wanted to notate that!  They also have TV's in here as well, which is pretty cool.  I love watching the flatscreens while I wait for (and eat) my food!Overall, I liked my food. I went with the burger and fries, and it was a okay.  I will probably return here in the future, and i usually hit it when I'm done hanging out at the library, which is how  I ended up here in the first place! Gotta love it!
4	Definitely a great eat here. I only tried Culver's a few months ago for the first time. It's a little bit pricey-er than other burger joints, but this place is worth it. My first experience was at the Paradise Valley location. It was a smaller store. This one is so much bigger and offers more seating. The hospitality and service are exceptional. Everyone smiles and is quite nice. The burgers are a delight! Also serves chicken and roast beef sandwiches. I would compare them to Lenny's Burgers but a little bit more fancy and classy when it comes to presentation. Will definitely be back.
4	Clean, great menu.  Kids get frozen custard included with a kids meal which is a nice touch.4 stars instead of 5 because the staff is not as friendly as other Culvers I have been at.  Maybe something to do with the location of the restaurant.
4	I'm a devout fan of a particular burger place in the midwest that does not exist in Phoenix.  I missed it terribly, until I had my first burger from Culver's.  Now, I can head over to Culver's whenever I feel like one of those amazing burgers.  My only challenge is choosing between a butter burger, a reuben, a mushroom swiss burger, a pot roast sandwich or any number of other delicious things on their menu.Oh yeah, they have great frozen custard.
1	First time eating here.Ordered the Pot Roast sandwich with a side Caesar salad and drink totaling $8.I couldn't believe how tiny the sandwich was, looked like a kids meal or something off the 99 cent menu. It tasted ok but you could tell it was microwaved meat.Then the salad...... Opened it up took a look and noticed the lettuce was limp and wilted and the cherry tomatoes skin was wrinkled. I ended up throwing it out. Called the restaurant number on the receipt and complain to the manager who offered my money back. I told her I wasn't driving back to waste my time or money on their restaurant again.No wonder why the place always looks empty. I won't be back.
1	Bad service today. Two registers open. One cashier taking multiple orders from one customer. The other cashier let someone cut in front of me then decided she was done waiting on customers. With a line out the door there was no manager around. I left without ordering.
3	Had the butter burger with cheese. It actually wasn't a bad burger. The onion rings weren't anything special, but they were good. Partner had the pot roast dinner. The pot roast was very tender and had a nice taste. The meat and mashed were loaded with gravy. If you don't like gravy, be sure to ask for it on the side. The green beans sucked. HeheI had the vanilla custard. It was tasteless to me. I'd rather have I've cream.The staff was great.
3	Nice staff, solid frozen deserts, but food is standard fast-food fare.
3	I guess I'm used to Beef n Bun in San Diego as the shakes were good but not amazing like I was thought to think. The burger was good as I had the pepper grinder. Loved the bun. Cheese curds were alright. Would I come back..... Probably.. Would I go out of my way to come here over a place like in and out.. Nope..
2	First time eating here.  Burger was fairly good, but the chili was NOT!  It was WAY to oily, bland, and slightly burned-tasting.  I'd be willing to try the chili again, and report back, but right now, my review stands.
1	So displeased! I was really looking forward to trying them out, menu looked good and they profess to have such high quality and yet I found trash in my food as I was nearly halfway done eating it. I asked to speak with the manager and they tried to pawn me off on a training shift supervisor who went in back to speak with the actual manager and came back to try to tell me the piece of rubber I found in the bbq pork was a tendon. I re-requested to speak with the manager and she was completely apathetic and said I could talk to the owner. The owner's answer was and I quote "I eat this all the time and have never gotten sick." They said, "It comes to us premade." Really?!?! Never made any suggestion that he would check the batch for more debris or that he would make the distributor aware there was a problem. They just went on serving it. It was when I said he can't serve this crap to people he told me to leave. I shiver in disgust! Worst quality and customer service I've ever seen.
4	The burgers are pretty yummy, but I come here for the delicious chocolate custard! YUM!
2	Very disappointed with my experience tonight. Ordered a walleye sandwich basket with cheese curds and a walleye dinner with two sides to go. When I returned home there were no cheese curds plus there was only one side with the dinner. Double check all your orders.
2	I'm very tough in grading just because I know quality and I know how my food should taste, fries are mushy not the best and the food in general doesn't look as appetizing as it does in the pictures way far from it, it barely had any lettuce the cheese isn't melted ? I mean I would prolly give it another chance with  another meal
5	After seeing a TV ad for this killer looking burger the other night I knew I had to stop in & try it.  This was my second visit ever to a Culver's, and the first to this one.This was their "Pepper Grinder Pub Burger," along with which I had a Regular Crinkle Cut Fries and a Short Chocolate Malt.The service here was super friendly from the moment I walked in the door, and the burger, fries and malt were all 5 Stars...  REALLY good!     :-))Culver's here earns a spot among my very favorite burger places in the Valley, where a Pepper Grinder Pub Burger Basket with a malt is $9.09.
2	I visit Culver's at this location about once or twice a month, and usually get a single cheeseburger to go.  The employees are friendly, the service is great, and the interior (if I go in) is always clean.  My rating here predominately reflects the chain's new " Pepper Grinder Pub Burger" which is getting a lot of TV promotion.  The commercials tout 'two burger patties, bacon, cheddar and Swiss cheese, and a peppercorn sauce.'  I couldn't resist trying it. I don't know what it is about Culver's, but their cheese is only visible on the outside of the bun.  When you open up the sandwich, there is no trace of it.  Either the cheese is so thin it "evaporates" during cooking, or maybe it has a high water content and converts to steam.  Anyway, for a burger with two cheeses - you cannot taste it unless you pull off a piece on the outside of the bun.  My Pub burger was so dry it was like chocking down a burger without cheese.  The same also applies to the "peppercorn sauce" - I could not see it or taste it, and that added to the dryness of the sandwich.  Culver's is a little pricey (why I normally get a single cheeseburger), but the Pub burger is quite up there - ringing in at $5.69 and over $6.00 with tax.  I found it to be a big disappointment for the reasons above.  Culver's needs to remedy their 'disappearing cheese' and in the case of the Pub burger, not spray paint on the peppercorn sauce. It's a shame, the concept is good, but I won't buy this one again.
4	We got the double scoop soft serve and the chocolate shake... These things were amazing... Girlfriend definitely took one look and the whole top scoop fell in her lap in the drive thru... The girl working the window replaced it for free after a good chuckle... Awesome place.
4	Very good burgers and shakes. I would love to eat here a lot but it's a little too fattening...good to have every once in a while
3	Came for some ice cream. Flavor of the day. Not sure what it all actually was but it took care of my sweet tooth. Nice place to drive by and grab a meal or dessert.
3	We like CULVERS a bunch for a lunch break :-) Nothing crazy nothing fancy nothing spectacular or even unusual!  Just a simple eatery with decent food. Great service and very clean.
4	this was our first time.  we went through the drive through on 8/3/14 around 4:30 pm.  we ordered a single deluxe burger combo, chicken salad sandwich and a kid's grill cheese.  all the food except the chicken sandwich was good.  the crinkle fries were good too!  we did not get to try a wide selection from the menu because we were in our car driving back to northern az.i would go back again and try other items from the menu.  our meal for 2 adults and 1 child was $20.
4	Hands down delicious! I went in for my first time on Sunday, I got the original burger with the limited pumpkin I've cream. The ice cream melts fast so I would recommend eating it in your car. Other then that it's a great family joint, I wouldn't hesitate in bringing my niece along to enjoy a nice meal!
3	I've been here a few times and so I figured it was finally time for a review.My conclusions are as follows:Only come here if you want cheese curds, or some variety of ice cream. The burgers and sandwiches are all overly greasy and over priced. The flavor isn't quite right either.If you decide on curds, don't waste your time with the family size. It's always the same size as a large for me and costs a ton more. They're delicious but not worth the premium for the family size. The management is cheap too. Want a dipping sauce for your curds? Guess what - you have to ask for it and you get charged a premium for ranch.The only reason this place gets 3 stars is because of those curds.
5	Went for lunch today. Had the pot roast sandwich value basket. Delicious! Great food for a reasonable price. Don't forget to try the custard. Yummy!
5	"A glorious experience" is hardly enough to describe my visit to this Culver's. Ever had a team of hungry kids that can't agree on a stinking thing and need an affordable meal?  Just take them to Culver's and the complaining stops. The service is fast, the food is delicious and hot, there is a wide selection of delectable foods (cheese curds and custard CAN go together), the butterburger mind blowing, and the prices affordable. There is plenty of seating for that team of yours to sit down. Coaches, you can trust that they will be well-fed while you enjoy your melty cheese curds from the other side of a planter box and watch whatever marquee sporting event is on one of several flat screen TVs. If you've got a long bus ride after, be confident knowing your kids are probably exhausted from competing and have a full belly - they are going to be unconscious in a frozen custard coma in under 12 parsecs.  Maybe it's just my Wisconsin roots that makes this Mecca of food so awesome to me. Forget it. I'm writing off custard on my taxes as a business expense.
