5	I highly recommend here, the reason:1. Super nice service, the owner speaks Chinese and English and her two stuff speak English and Spanish2. Many choice of phone cards (to China & Mexico) - at least more than 50 kinds3. Variety gift boxes, bags + other useful thingsThe most important thing:1. They will try to save your money on shipping2. Adjust sizes & provides free boxes if you ship to China3. Advise on package and things shipping out of countryI just shipped 15lbs of stuff back to China and only cost $74 ($7 first lb and $4 for each additional lb, and + other fee from Vegas to LA)! Yes, it is way to expensive compare in LA but much cheaper than USPS, FEDEX & UPS & DHL..... They close @ 6pm ---- I like their services so much!
5	I've had a mail-box here over 5 years, I can only say good about the people and the Service, mufti lingual Service, (English, Chinese, Spanish) I had trouble once shipping to Mainland China, Not only did they transcribe my packages correctly, the price was phenomenally lower than a Post Office or other Asian Carriers through their service. They are friendly, and 'johnny on the spot' if they are in the back and see you someone will drop what they are doing and help you straight away. If you live close by and need a place like this look no further, if you're a tourist and just came from China Town gift stores and want to ship, save yourself time and money and go here, I've had mis-addressed mail the Post office wouldn't even bother with and they got it delivered to me with no problem
5	One Stop Shipping is the only place I use to send packages because of their reliable and efficient service over the years I have used them. I often send packages overseas to Asia and Mexico and it is a huge relief knowing your parcels traveling outside the country are in good hands. 100% of my packages have made it to their destinations so far. They are very knowledgeable and will make shipping and packaging suggestions based on what I'm sending to help save me money (on top of the fact that their prices are the cheapest I've found) and the estimated time for delivery of packages is very accurate. I also have a mail-box with the store with no issues so far. They even have notary services which have come in very handy. I've had documents translated (Chinese to English) and business cards made. Great service and friendly staff. Two thumbs up!!
5	Located in a strip mall on Spring Mountain between Valley View Blvd and Wynn Rd, it is a true gem in Chinatown.I needed to get a document notarized, and as Bank of America nearby refused the service for whaterver reason (if you require a specific formatting, have a template that you can accept!), they directed me to One Stop Shipping. I'd glad they did!The owner was very nice and attentive, and was quick and efficient to get things done. After I wasted hours dealing with the bank, it was a 5 min session here from start to finish! What a pleasant experience. She also happens to speak Japanese as well, which is a big plus for me.Highly recommended!
