5	So happy to see Preppy Pet open in by neighborhood. I have struggled to find a place to watch my dog that was affordable and that I felt my dog would be properly loved. I met Sue, the manager and knew I could trust her. I travel to Flagstaff frequently throughout the year and it is hard to take my dog, stay in a hotel and work. This is a life saver for me and the location is perfect for a drop off as I head north. Everything is very clean and they have good climate control. Also liking the video camera log-on system so I can see what my girl is up to when I am away. They even have dog grooming so I can get that done all in one stop. I recommend you check them out if you have a need for day care or boarding. Nice people!
5	Gotta check out the smell and tell tour!!! You know when you go in some pet places it has odors, here it doesnt. Easy check in and out. Friendly staff!
5	First and foremost my dog really enjoys going to this place. Sue and all her team take such good care of him, treating him like he's their own boy.The additional feature of being able to watch via Camera while away (yes, they have an app for that) is incredibly reassuring and allows me to not miss my dog just so much.Prices are very reasonable, and the service & care is top-notchThey even were able to help me out this morning with an emergency as I've been called out of the office for a four-day trip. Sue made sure she had room for Jasper so I can attend to my business knowing my boy will be well cared for.
5	Just picked up our dog from Sue at Preppy Pet and we were so delighted with the service and care for our dog.  The rate was great, the rooms were clean and service was excellent.  The dogs get play time, many walks,  treats and a nice restful bed area. We will definitely use this place again when vacationing in Phoenix in the future.
5	So it's been a year and this place is still rocking. Sue is amazing with animals. The set up is really good and the camera program is really neat. No matter where you are on your trip, you can log in and see your dog playing. It used to be stressful to leave my dog with someone. Based on how excited my dog gets when she sees Sue, I know she is in good hands. Try it... you'll be happy you did.
5	Such a great place, and the owner, Sue, is terrific. She invited us to bring our two pups in for a visit so they would feel comfortable before their stay and then she spent a good 30 minutes with us - letting my nosey guy snif out the entire place and getting to know my little girl who has some heavy anxiety issues. Within 5 minutes they were both at ease. When we dropped the pups off before vacation, they it went so smoothly and I think the initial visit was a huge part of this. Sue is also just a natural with animals and she really cares about them and about providing a welcoming place. Our little girl had problems eating when she is nervous so Sue sat with her and fed her out of her hand. We feel so lucky to have found Sue and can't imagine having our pups stay with anyone else! Thank you, Sue!
5	We made a last minute reservation with Sue to care for our two dogs for a week while we were out of town.  We were leaving on an early morning flight so we were waiting outside the Preppy Pet right at 7 a.m. when they are scheduled to open and we saw Sue driving up waving and smiling.  That's when we knew our dogs would be in good hands.  She welcomed us and got our doggies settled right away.  We were able to walk into the area were our dogs would be staying and it was clean and spacious. The greatest, and most important thing about boarding our dogs here was that we were able to watch them on the Pet Cam.  Watching our dogs in real time while we were away was such a comfort. On the day our dogs were leaving preppy pet, they were played with as if it were the first day (we know because we watch this on the pet cam).  We made arrangements for my sister to pick our dogs up and everything went fine.  We would definitely recommend preppy pet phoenix north.
5	I brought my girl here for boarding when I went home to see friends.  I can tell you that personally the staff is quite friendly.  Furthermore, my dog is a Staffordshire Mix. By no fault of her own many boarding places will take her but not allow her to play with the general population.  A horrible side affect of a breed that is very energetic and can be very friendly with other dogs.Unfortunately I didn't take advantage of the cameras when I was gone, but I can tell you she was well taken care of and the staff was great in letting her play with the other dogs.  (She goes to dog parks and has no problems running with the other pups).  I knew if I took her to more expensive competitors she might have fancier surroundings, the kennels are wire seperators, but the staff was the difference.My dog has seperation anxiety when eating.  I told this to the staff prior to leaving and they were mindful about it.  After the first day or so, the staff realized she wasn't eating and sat in the kennel with her.  After that there was no issue with her getting her food.My plane arrived a bit later on a Sunday, and they stayed behind to let me in and claim my dog.  I really appreciate everything they did for her and will be back.
5	Love this place!! Very clean and always smells good.  The staff really cares about all the pets.  Sue is great!  Prices can't be beat!
5	Left my four babies here over Christmas!  Have never felt so comfortable leaving them somewhere before. Two of my Chinese Cresteds need meds twice a day and one needs eye care all of the time. Everything done exactly as I asked. They seemed so happy when we picked them up. Our Zeus likes mom and dad and that is it. We got there and he was following Sue around like they were best buds. All of the staff knew each of them by name and they all seemed to have a favorite. Their belongings were all gathered and accounted for neat and clean. So excited to have found this place we feel like we can plan some more trips while we are in the Phoenix area. Oh and did I mention that the place is really clean and didn't stink at all. That is pretty amazing in itself. If you are like us and love your pets and hate to leave them this is the place to go. I could go on and on but you should get the picture by now!  Thank you Preppy Pet I will comfortable leaving Pixie, Samson,Zeus and Odin in your oh so capable hands!
