3	The Fry bread itself is fantastic.  Too bad everything Emerson puts on it isn't.  It's not bad, but there's nothing special about it.  No seasoning.  No sauce.  Just a pile of bland mexican food tossed on top of the bread.Emerson is a regular at Food Truck Friday, and appears to have fans all over the valley.  I suggest hitting up the truck for a good snack, but avoid the meals.
4	I like this place. If I see them at an event or the open air market, 8 out of 10 times I will get something from their truck.It's really good quality, and the staff are really nice. The indian taco is really good. You get a BIG portion for a small price. I like that. They lose a star from me though because a few times when I tried to get something from them, they were out of fry bread. Not good guys.
5	Every Thursday we get food trucks outside my office building in central Phoenix. Emerson started coming around recently and I'm so glad they did. Incredible fry bread made fresh topped with fresh and flavorful ingredients.I went for broke the first time I got lunch from them and tried the Jazzy which has grilled steak, beans, and a spring mix with pico de gallo and chipotle sauce on fry bread, a surprising combination that worked really well. The bread itself is the best I've ever had, very light and tasty. I've also had the Yolli, a more traditional beans and cheese dish which was quite good.Do yourself a favor. If you see them at a food truck gathering or special event, get there early and feed your face.
5	I can say I got my money's worth. The deep fried burrito was amazing. The pico de gallo with mago was amazing.
3	I tried the carne asada frybread at my office recently.While I did enjoy the mango/cucumber salsa, the carne itself was tasteless and overcooked.Some reviewers seem to like the super light frybread - I guess that's where I'm a little old school. "Light" and "Frybread" do not belong in the same sentence!The portion was large - and it was a nice change of pace from my regular work dinners.I don't know that I would actively seek out Emerson, but if they come back to my office, I'd absolutely go with a honey/powdered sugar frybread for dessert!
2	I have to say that I was not a big fan of this place, however I would go back and try and savory frybread dish. I had just a simpl frybread with honey. I was not a fan, that the minute they pulled the frybread out of the fryer they added the honey. It made it a conbination of hot as hell and watery because it was hot. Because it was hot and watery, all the honey ran to the dipped spots of the bread, so most of my frybread didn't have anything on it was was plain. The taste of the frybread was not a awesome either. It was kind of bland and thin so it was a little dry. I expected the bread to be thick and moist. Like I said I would go back and have a savory diswh to see if I am any more impressed.
5	Emerson Fry Bread is the BEST!!!  I was shopping food trucks for my little girls party last year and found Emerson Fry Bread first so fitting (because my daughter's name is Emerson), but was pleasantly surprised as all of my guests were at the delicious flavors Emerson and his family created.  I again, used him this last weekend and of course, the food was TO DIE for.  Everyone loved the freshness, the cleanliness and the quality of service we received.  Forget the pizza ordering and CALL EMERSON FRY BREAD!!  I will use him for my parties as much as I can.  Loren Emerson has a passion for what he does folks, and you can taste it in his creations.  My neighbor enjoyed it so much that now her daughter will be using Emerson Fry Bread for her birthday party!  Thanks again Loren!!  You, Roxanne and your family are truly the best and very inspirational for your passion and hard work!!
3	So I went looking through my reviews today and I was surprised that I had yet to write about several food trucks I have been to over the past few years in Phx.  Emerson is one of them.  In their early days they were earthy and authentic, occasionally offering up mutton sandwiches when sitting out at Drumbeat Indian Arts on 16th street.  Simply served and topped with chopped iceberg lettuce and tomato if you ordered on the savory side or honey/powdered sugar if you were feeding your sweet tooth.   Time has passed and they have evolved.  Their truck is bright and colorful, and their menus offers some of their old favorites with a twist.  Fresh mixed salad greens has replaced much of the iceberg lettuce and a drizzle of a creamy chipotle sauce dresses many of their dishes or a mango salsa on a few others.  For me I preferred their earlier simplicity.  Yeah some of their flavors were simple and some of the ingredients inconsistent (the beans mostly one time they would be completely bland and lacking of salt and other times they were on the verge of being salty even for my salty palate.)  But usually it was nothing that a little extra  (traditional) salsa couldn't fix On one of my last stops here (which have become less frequent), I was looking for something smaller than their usual fry bread banquet.Ordering one of their burritos with carne asada, it was my first times trying  their new 'gourmet' menu.  I remember it had a mango salsa and the mixed greens but it wasn't that ol' fry bread truck  I would enjoy occasionally.  I finished it and left  slightly disappointed, it just didn't  do it for me. Yes, they are trying to add a gourmet twist to a very old traditional favorite and I applaud them for that effort and attempt to reinvent.  But for me I liked their earlier days. When they were authentic.  They just needed to improve and not be so inconsistent with their food quality.  Now it just still as inconsistent  but  with a 'gourmet' twist.
1	Very, very disappointed in this "company". We scheduled them for a school carnival weeks in advance. The day before the event, after many calls were not returned, they canceled. The school spent money on fliers announcing they will be there. We had to scramble last minute to fill the spot. They are very unreliable, Their Facebook page said they went to a different venue that night. They PTA president was in tears. I would never recommend this "company" to anyone.
4	Yum. That is all I have to say about Fry Bread. This is no different! You can get both savory and sweet. With the savory, there are numerous options, but all seem very similar. There's steak, chicken, or vegetarian. Then some have black or pinto beans. Some have mango or not. It's relatively easy to order and I've enjoyed my lunch here numerous times at the Thursday Food Trucks on Raintree. You could definitely order one and split - but the bread is so good you might not want to. I particularly enjoy their "Jazzy". I have yet to try the sweet fry bread, but it's on my list!
3	Tried these guys on/at Food Truck Friday. I'd never been and was a little overwhelmed by all the options so we just went for the one with the smallest line. The food came out pretty fast. I had the "D$" which is fry bread with beans and chicken green chili on top. It had very little cheese and sour cream sauce which would have been nice, and they use a mixed lettuce blend which was weird (mostly arugula and spinach instead of iceberg lettuce). One of these "tacos" is from $5 - $7. Not bad but not great.
3	I finally broke down and tried Emerson's at the feast on the street - had the D$.  Wasnt  too shabby!  Honestly, I was surprised.  Had them again at the PPM this last Wednesday and cant remember the name of what I had, but it had green chili on it..along with the spring mix and beans, etc.  Again...not to shabby!  I'm sure if ever I'm wanting a change in my truck lineup eats, I'll get fry bread from Emerson's again!
4	Didn't even bother getting fry bread, because mobile chimis are the food of the future. Perfectly deep fried, with great chicken, and really tasty beans. $7 for a level of quality I only see in Tex-Mex restaurants. IDK what kind of beans they use, but they're awesome too, as is their salsa. I also love the use of mixed greens instead of lettuce. The combination of above average Mexican food and fry bread in one stop makes Emerson a food truck you shouldn't overlook.
5	I usually go to four peaks tasting room every Sunday and check out different food trucks. This has to be my favorite of the bunch so far. The dishes are extremely good, huge portions and well priced. When they are at the tasting room they take some of the 8th street ale and make a bratwurst & fry bread combo which is really good. The cinnamon, sugar and honey fry bread is amazing and a great way to top off a meal.
2	My office decided to hop on the trendy bus and bring a bunch of food trucks for lunch to give our local cafeteria a run for their money. I joined my coworkers downstairs while I battled the Arizona cold (so dramatic!) for some lunch.About a million hours later, (25mins), all 4 of us got our food and sat down to review our food truck experience. One of them was the chicken burrito with a side of chips and salsa for a total of $7.In case you're wondering what on earth is Native American about a burrito and chips, my answer would be nothing. Emersons' answer might be the chips, which are made from the fry bread dough. Although I usually love fry bread, these chips didn't work out. They were over salted, became soggy within seconds and the side salsa was watery and had no flavor.On with the burrito. The burrito was not Native American, but it wasn't Mexican either. The best way that I can describe its flavor is: chicken-pot pie with beans. The chicken was really soft but incredibly bland and resembling baby food. There was no seasoning and no color. The chicken was also accompanied by a weird creamy sauce, some greens and the pinto beans. It was a very strange burrito, and not in a good way. The portion was good (well, all burritos are huge by design), but not something I would spend $7 on again.
5	Nothing short of Amazing!Booked Emerson for a party at my home and they were the hit of the year.  Delicious, and everyone of my guests went away thrilled and impressed to have had a Taco Truck in the driveway.  I would have them again in a heartbeat!
4	Emerson Fry Bread food truck was at Chase Stadium for Hispanic Heritage Day. That day my grubby little fingers had the delight of sampling something called "Kai Kai". This would = cinnamon sugar + honey on fry bread. Yes, I was carefully watching carbs back then.And I watched them go down my gullet.STAT.My date and I ripped that bread apart faster than you can imagine. Heathens! More like savages. (Sorry Mom! But I remembered to say "Please and thank you." I think.)It may sound like an odd combination of flavors, but it's quite tasty. Also, deep fried bread (or at least this deep fried bread) can be a light and fluffly thing of wonder. GOOD STUFF!
4	Green Chile Chicken Fry Bread was delicious! They combine fresh greens, cucumber & tomato with perfectly prepared beans on top of a warm and toasty fry bread. Best I've had!Just to be clear this came out of a food truck!  Maybe my expectations were low but I definitely didn't expect the fresh ingredients I experienced.I'll be back!
3	I went with the street tacos and was a little more than mildly disappointed. While I appreciated the mixed greens and flavorful salsa and the green chile chicken was excellent, the puerco pibil was a little bland, although it IS a Southern Mexican/Central American dish, so I can't blame them too much for not getting it right. My problem was the time: I was told it would be about 7 minutes and it ended up taking more like 15. It's not that I was in a hurry, but when I got back to my office 3 minutes later, the tacos were cold. I get that it's fair to make customers' food in order, but it seemed like my tacos had been sitting there while everybody else's frybreads were frying, so people in front of me got fresh frybread and I ended up with cold tortillas :( Unless there's only one, maybe two people ahead of you, I'd just go with a frybread and wait it out.
5	Hit up Emerson's when they stopped by the Four Peaks Tasting Room today. The owner/cook is an energetic, friendly guy who is more than happy to explain your options and hook you up with a taste of his carne asada.  My husband and I both had the Jazzy. Frybread, beans, creme, pico, cheese. Mmmm!!!So let's get down to the food:Frybread - AMAZING!Toppings - fresh!Carne - I want to make babies with it!Beans - See aboveOverall I would find this truck and spend all my money on their delightful fare any day of the week. You're welcome.
5	Emerson Fry Bread was a participant in Food Faire, a special event at Kierland Commons for the benefit of Arizona foster children. I'm a frequent, although not always voluntary, attendee of festivals and the like. I'm a sucker for Indian fry bread, often popping for an Indian Taco or some variation. Almost always disappointed. Fortunately, today was not one of those days.Emerson's fry bread was hot and light. The chicken filling was tasty, spicy and free of grease. Even the corn chips, thrown on the side of the plate as an apparent afterthought, were great. Friendly, energetic, service as well.I'll definitely seek out Emerson Fry Bread in the future.
