1	I am a brain cancer survivor, I got a groupon offer for this paint your own pottery place and thought l will be a wonderful idea to have some quality time with my second grader daughter and her best friend since for the past 4 months it's been a challenge to spend time with my children between chemo, radiation, and doctors appt.  I am so disappointed to have chosen this place we had the most horrible time, this place had a rotten smell and when informed the person in charged "teenager that identified herself as being part owner"  she told me there was nothing they could do about it.  She was training this new employee and they both made us feel very uncomfortable. We were the only customers there on a Friday 5pm.  My daughter's friend was moving that day to California and the teenager "owner" stated delivery was included, l asked if out of state was included as well,  just to make sure there were no other fees and she assured me delivery was included at no extra cost.   Few weeks later a friday night l went to pick up my piece and the new teen employee advised me they weren't responsible for delivering pieces and that it was my job since it was my family.  Now l understand why they don't have any clients.  Personel is rude, environment stingy and limited pieces for children and adults to choose from.
2	This place was great as far as painting pottery goes but they don't have a huge selection of pottery or paints and there never open when they say they're open I'm currently here to pick up my pottery and their closed even though they open at 11. They were also closed when they should not have been when we came to paint. Waisting my time!!!
1	This place was great as far as painting pottery goes but they don't have a huge selection of pottery or paints and there never open when they say they're open I'm currently here to pick up my pottery and their closed even though they open at 11. They were also closed when they should not have been when we came to paint. Waisting my time!!!
1	Mean nasty nasty management, owners laughing at customers. !!!! Rude young white blond woman so clalled manager YELLING AT ME.  rude young black men in the back laughing.  ALSO GROUPON WAS A JOKE JOKE JOKE!!!!!!!!SMOKE IN MIRRORS HIDDEN FEES NO QUALITY POTTERY OR PAINT IN STOCK!!!!!!  BUYER BEWARE!!!!! No customer service AT ALL;  customer is definitely not right over in that place.  Argumentative horrible staff I almost called the police!!!  I just might picket in front! GO ELSEWHERE SHAME ON THEM!!!  I AM A POST 9/11 VETERAN!!
1	It took me 5 visits to pick up my products and they still gave me the wrong ones.I've called 10 times and no one answered.The voicemail is full.No one is ever in the shop during business hours.Very unprofessional.Worst business ever.Worst customer service.Waste of my time and money.This place is a joke and doesn't even deserve 1 star.Whoever gave a 5 star rating is probably affiliated with the company. FYI I only put a star to post my review.
1	Took forever for my pottery to be ready.  I made a birthday gift for my niece for her 1st birthday.  Went in on the 19th, my niece bday was the 30th.  Girl there was very helpful, selection is very limited and so was paint color.  Asked her when my piece will be ready.  She said 7 business days.  It took over two weeks!!!!  They did a terrible job glazing my piece too.  Never again.  I used a Groupon.  I rather pay more and go to Color Me Mine.
