5	I found polish heaven!  They have a great selection of China Glaze & Jessica polishes (for $3!) & really nice staff.  My only complain is that there is NO organization here, but I guess that's pretty normal for a beauty supply place.  Closed on Saturday :(
1	Very unorganized and messy. I came in here looking for some quality nail polish and brushes but ended up walking out with nothing. Cheap products and small variety for such a huge store.I'd recommend going across the street to the other nail supply store.
5	Very honest seller!!! I've been to Hollywood across the street many times and walked away with different prices for the same item every time. The owner here is sooo much nicer and more professional than Hollywood.
5	They have everything u need for your nails!. Very helpful, price reasonable & one stop shop!..... I totally recommend shopping here.
5	Great place for nail art and general nail supplies. The prices are right and they carry a nice selection of 3D nail art. The glitters are my favorite and you get a lot more for your money there than at more well know nail supply companies.
5	My new nail supply store, I love this place ! very friendly, helpful and great prices. Great place and the woman that works here is soooo nice and funny she had me and my husband laughing our butt off ! So do yourself a favor and check this place out and don't go to the nightmare across the street ( hollywood nail supply ).
5	I decided that since I have my cosmetology license I should start using it again and one good start would be doing my own nails and for friends and family. I heard this is a great nail supply so I drove over from Henderson months ago to get some supplies. Now let me say, nails were never my speciality, hair was, but I'm ready to learn again,  so I go, ask the guys working there questions, and they are nothing but super helpful! Should I get this? What about this? I mean very helpful! I'm so impressed! Then the really nice guy rings me up.......and gives me the total and I say "what!?!?" "Are you sure? It's such a great price!" It's for real! I love this place! I came back again and again for a few more colors over the next few weeks and today I met Tee, and I just loved Tee, I brought my Mom and my Mom loved Tee, she was awesome! She is so helpful, and so nice, ready for tips, ready to give advice, and this is so rare these days to get such awesome customer service, and here is the best part, they were not even open today, we just walked in! Tee said we are closed but she would still be happy to help us! Xoxoxo
5	Hours 9:30 to 6:00 everyday closed sat.....now has OPI gel and polish
4	Wide variety of selections. I bought a very nice sculpting brush. They are very affordable. The staff didnt even greet me when i entered which is pretty bad for business. But when i checked out the male owner was pretty friendly.
5	Amazing prices and products! Oh and they speak English! I get 90% of my salon supplies from here xo
5	This place is a polish heaven! Great prices and the staff is friendly. Ms. T and Jessica are great. They are open until 6pm Sunday - Friday and closed on Saturday. Be aure to pay them a visit when you stop into Vegas. They are only a 12-15 min drive from the Strip.
5	I drove from California to come to this place an I was not disappointed!  Great service an great prices! I was sure I spent Hella money but the price was way under what I thought! Check this place out nail tech or not you will love it!!
5	Cuccio Gel Polish and Matching Polish $5.50!!! I love this place and the people, products, and prices!!!!!
5	Great place for nail supplies! Clean, and friendly staff.  Such a great selection for gels, and shellac!  I love stocking up on seasonal colors here, and brining them back to my shop in SLC.
5	Been coming here for a few years now and the prices are pretty good on products.  Sometimes they have awesome deals when you can get them.  When I was doing nails all the time I was here every other week.  The staff are pretty helpful as well.  Sometimes they lag behind in getting the brand new stuff you see in the magazines but eventually they get it.
5	LOVE this place!  After a futile search for a sanitary and sterile salon in Vegas for a reasonable price...I decided to take matters into my own hands.  With the help of a cheap LED lamp from Amazon and the extremely reasonable gel polishes here....I have my own salon at home and now I know I'm not getting fungus on my nails =)  They have pretty much every brand of polish you can think of...Gelish, OPI, Essie, etc.  All the polishes are well priced and often they have sales on certain brands.  They also sell all the essential tools for a nail salon as well.  I was a little overwhelmed at first by the variety of choices..but I consider that a first world problem.  It was my lucky day the first time I came here...they were giving away two Gelaze gel polishes and a top coat for free to the first 20 people in the store.  This will be my go to place to stock up on colors for my at home salon.  For the price of one mani/pedi...I was able to buy all the equipment/utensils/polish I needed.  The sales people were also very friendly!
5	I have been shopping here for years and absolutely love the amazing selection that direct beauty has!  From many different lines of gel polish and regular polish to the great color selections in each!  They have different products for both nail techs and wax specialists!  Lotions, acrylic, nail art, nail files, towels, cotton, acetone you name it!  The staff is always friendly and willing to help!  I love shopping here they always brighten my day!
