5	It is now 10 days since I stumbled upon this place for a manicure/pedicure, and my hands and feet look as good as when I left.So impressed was I with the service I got from here, I actually called them from Chicago just to tell them so.I was shopping at Town Square mall and happened to see this place. I was buying something to wear for the Stevie Wonder concert at the MGM Grand that night and happened to glance down at my busted hands and feet. I decided that I could not show up for Stevie Wonder with jagged hangnails, calloused heels and ashy cuticles.Enter Beauty Lounge. I think much of their business is walk-in, and these ladies were ready for me. I thought when Kellie took one look at my city-weathered paws, she'd go running for the heels. But, nope, she literally dug right in, little dynamo that she is, and got my heels as smooth as a baby's butt!Another lady (Christina, I think?) worked on my hands at the same time and it was heaven. $48 on a Saturday afternoon for a mani/pedi is reasonable, and the extra $10 for the heel treatment is worth it.There are hair stations at Beauty Lounge as well and all the clients I observed while I was there seemed pleased. But for me, the nail service is a winner. They made this out-of-towner feel incredibly welcome and I'd go out of my way to visit them when I'm in Vegas again. I left there feeling like I'd hit the jackpot, because I KNEW my hands and feet looked good!Ditch those overpriced, so-so spa services on the strip and head over to Beauty Lounge at Town Square. Those ladies are miracle workers!
1	I DO NOT recommend this place. They are grumpy, unprofessional and inexperienced.I went in for a pedicure. The chubby girl with the dreads did it. I didn't catch her name. It was a mediocre job and I could tell she was new so I didn't complain because the girl still needed practice. I really wanted to get a manicure as well but since she didn't do a good job on my feet I just asked for a polish change on my hands so my nail polish could match.It was $35 for a regular pedicure and $10 for a polish change.When the girl finished I walked out and then I noticed in the sunlight that she didn't even remove all of my old polish on my hands and it still remained on the perimeter of my nails. I debated going back in and having them fix it for a bit, but I figured I paid for it, might as well. The manager ended up cleaning my nails with a little brush. She removed excess polish that the other girl left on my fingertips and insisted that it wasn't a bad paint job. I asked her if she could just repaint them. She just brushed me off and didn't even make eye contact with me. All I said was that the original procedure was simple. Remove the old polish and paint on new polish. She then raised her voice at me and said,"Yea, it is simple!" and said the left over nail polish was just dry skin and acetone does that. I ended up painting the nails that didn't have polish all the way on the sides myself!The manager told me I was overreacting and didn't understand the way the product works. They didn't apologize for anything. I don't know if she was having a bad day or something but that entire team could have handled the situation better. What upset me the most was the worker continuing to argue with me.
1	Ok, so I live in la la land where you can find a nail salon on every corner.Some better than others, I normally pay around $35 for a good mani/ pedi. With my crazy schedule I wasn't able to get to one before my trip to Vegas. So having faith in yelp I searched for a place nearby. After reading a few reviews I was sure this would be the place. I called to get directions and prices $ 55 for mani / pedi, "DAMN" , but I was desperate and it's Vegas , it's only money: right. So as I walked in I was greeted by a lovely salon, wash basin tubs and comfy couch like benches. The place is lo key chi chi. The pedi: started off great file perfectly and scrubed my callous feet. Oh joy, then when she starts to put on polish, I'm bewildered, shouldn't you clip the jagged edges/ can you get that ingrown from my big too. Is that too much to ask: $55. She tells me that she doesn't clip cuticles. She just uses the nail board to dig into my skin. I said ouch and flinched a couple of times. After she's finished, I was quite reluctant to have her do my nails, but I was here and I needed it. My nails I had to point out hard cuticle and snares that I needed trimmed. I swear she didn't know how to use it, claiming it ruins the nail bed. I'm not asking you to cut my nail bed, I'm talking about around the nail. This was the worst mani/pedi I have ever recieved and expensive. I  would advise you to find another place like my husband bless his heart suggested- off the strip.
3	It was 6 pm on Sunday, and I was in major need of a manicure and pedicure. Since I was already out shopping, I decided to give Beauty Lounge a try... The $45 mani/pedi deal, and no wait made it an easy decision.It's a cute salon, however I miss the massage chairs you would find at most most similarly priced nail salons. I was happy to find my personal color of choice, but I do think they could use a broader selection of polishes. The magazines were also a bit dated. I was the only person in the salon, I think the fact that it was about 112 degrees out that day played a factor. (For those that are unfamiliar with the area, Beauty Lounge is at Town Square, which is an open air shopping center). I had two separate girls work on me at the same time which was nice, got me on my way a little faster. Two days later and my nails still look good. I doubt I would drive across town just to get my nails done here, but if I was at Town Square and needed my nails done I would stop in.
5	I'm on my hands and knees thanking the heavens for Beauty Lounge. My mom and I have been searching FOREVER for a place to get our nails done properly. We've tried every place in Henderson and have not been happy with anything. Lynn helped us today and she was incredibly sweet, talkative, and professional. My mom has been getting acrylics nails for the past 22 years and with Lynn's expert advice we finally convinced my mom to take the nails off! This spoke volumes to me. Lynn knowingly talked my mom out of a more expensive service to better suit my mom's needs. We left with gorgeous, perfectly done manicures and pedicures. We have finally found a place to come to biweekly. And yes, the drive from Lake Las Vegas to Town Square is totally worth it. Also, I think Beauty Lounge has also lowered their prices.
1	I went to this place the other day and the experience was awful !!  The lady has a nice personality and unfortunately that is the only positive thing I can mention about it.  Nails were done awfully, and their  edges were still pointy and sharp! She reused the wet dirty towel few times during the process and was a little careless! If you love yourself DO NOT GO THERE! I usually have a nice personality and higher tolerance but this was out of my league!!!  NO NO and NO!!
