4	I enjoyed my purchase experience here...I worked with Paul in the Internet Department and was literally in and driving out in my new VW in less than 1 hour.  Everything was negotiated up front, and all I had to do is sign and drive.Their service department has also been friendly to me.
5	The most pleasant car buying experience ever!  My friend and I decided to go there and both walked out with new cars.  We worked with Geoff and he made two easy sales.  He was friendly, helpful, and not at all pushy.  I've been back a few times for my service and everyone there is so helpful.  They stress the importance of customer service.
5	I dealt with Rico to buy a car over the phone.  Super smooth transaction, fair price, shipped me the car promptly, no fuss no muss.  Was easier than buying local.  Everything was straightforward, no games, no hidden anything.
1	BEWARE!!  This dealership trashed my car after the transmission locked up and had to be replaced with only 4129. miles on it and it's a '09 CC.  These losers put a dent in passenger side door, damaged the leather drivers seat and returned the car filthy to me...then tried to tell me that it was ME who damaged my own car!!  So Pathetic!  NEVER again will I own a Volkswagen!!  I'm going back to Lexus or Volvo.
2	the salesmen have gotten scuzzier ands lot more pushy. when I leased my car 3 years ago they were wonderful. now they're just like every other car dealer. shame.
1	I took my car to Findlay for a routine check up before I drove my passat home to Seattle from Las Vegas. There was absolutely nothing wrong with my car and the way it was driving. They said they did an inspection and there were $2400 worth of parts to be repaired which seemed ridiculous when it was driving great. I asked them to fix what was most important which ended up being a fuel injector. I pick my car up and headed out on the road the next morning only to be stuck on the freeway with a gas leak. My tank completely emptied and could have killed me if I didn't pull over when i did. I have NEVER had even ok service here, they are trained to be rude and take all your money. I wish i could give negative stars. WARNING DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE!
2	I bought a used 2007 Jetta, which I love. The sales man didn't seem very interested in the sale, but I was in with my trade, financed, out with my Jetta within 2.5 hours, which seemed rather quick for a dealership. I had some isses with my car, expected for a used car. The service dept was awful. They couldn't replicate a very apparent issue with the car so I had to go hold their hand and replicate the issue (whole front end creeking when driving over speed bumps, gutters, etc) It ended up need new bushings and sway arms. The minute I got the service guy in my car and I crept over the first gutter and speed bump, the car made the sound. Took 3 seperate services for them to fix this issue, the last time they had my car over 2 weeks. I do love my car now, but would never send someone to Findlay VW to purchase or get service. They even offered a free tank of gas for my troubles. With gas at $4 a gallon, I haven't even gone back for that.
1	Okay so let me preface this by saying that take my review for what its worth and believe me when I say that I am not just posting a negative review because I didn't end up getting what I wanted. So I arrived at this dealership with my Uncle whom was going to be helping me with my down payment as well as the negotiating process for the vehicle I was attempting to lease. Please keep in mind that I had already submitted my application online and been in contact with Dan.When we arrive at the dealership we are met by Chris Findlay as Dan was not available. We test drive the car and return to the office to discuss the numbers with Chris. We tell Chris what we can afford to put down and he then tells us that he will return. Then Dan comes in the room and says " so if we can't get this to work with $1300 down and payments of $250 you are goign to walk out of here?" My uncle replies and says "that is correct." Dan then says" hold on a minute and I will come back witha  simple yes or no answer." Dan returns and says " you are lucky that our general manager Mike is here because he has the final say and he did say we can approve your request." Chris returns to the room and begins some paperwork and I even write a check to hold the vehicle until the morning since it literally was still wrapped in plastic and it needed to be detailed.  Chris and Dan ask us what time we can come back the next morning to sign all the paperwork. They both shake our hands and say " this deal is locked in."We leave the dealership and return the next morning only to be shocked as now we are being told that the bank will not approve the discussed deal the previous night. The general manager Mike comes in to help diffuse the situation as my Uncle was furious. Mike then starts rambling that when he looked at the credit report that morning he didn't see some aspects that might have been an issue. ...I'll cut the story here.These guys didn't even look at my credit report until the day I was supposed to take ownership. They made all these promises and wasted our time. The biggest issue that would have illeviated all of this stress is if they would have used the word "contingent" If they would have said that the deal was locked in contingent on bank approval then all would have been fine. I don't have perfect credit and even communicated this with them multiple times and they always reassured me that everything would be fine.If you want to check out cars here that is fine. If you buy here that is fine but please just keep my story in the back of your mind and if they treat you as poorly as we were treated PLEASE also share your experience here. These guys are the bottom of the barrel and I hope this review is able to stop even a handful of people from patronizing this dealership.I will say that I did end up purchasing a vehicle from Desert VW and they were AWESOME!!! go to DESERT VW and NOT FINDLAY!
4	I love my Jetta and I love VWs. Strangely enough, I also love this Findlay Volkswagen for their service department! I don't take my Jetta solely to VW for its check-ups and oil changes, but I have been here on a few occasions. The last time I went was for an oil change and to have new wiper blades put on. The last time I put new wiper blades on my Jetta I royally eff'd them up and had to take them to a small mechanic near my house to have them put on correctly. That being said I wanted nothing to do with putting on the wiper blades myself ever again. Therefore - have the service department do it! It only costs $40 (for the blades) and they do not charge you to put them on. Worth it.As for the oil change I received a $29.95 coupon in the mail. Normally an oil change is about $70. Pretty pricey. Had I not got gotten the coupon I would have gone elsewhere.I left my car there and went to breakfast/shopping with my mom. They called me as soon as my car was done (took about 1 hour and 45 minutes). Overall it was a great experience and with car servicing that is hard to come by.
5	Best Car dealership experience I have ever had!  Worked out price online went in signed a few pieces of paper. gave me loaner till my new 2012 Jetta SE w. conv. and sunroof comes in. Alex was my sales person...Highly recommend him, awesome!!!!!
2	I really hate to do this, but I need to update with my poor, poor experience at VW last week.My boyfriend made an appointment because he has a new 2011 TDI Jetta and he had gotten a recall notice in the mail. We drive out here and I am expecting the great service I am so used to. Well, it was a mixed bag. First off the staff is still generally very nice (minus the girl who takes care of signing you out/giving you your keys... more on that later).All right we drop off the Jetta and the maintenance guy asks my boyfriend if the car has had its annual check-up to which he replies it hasn't. Since the care is under warranty he decided to go ahead and get it done. This added an hour and a half to our already one hour wait time. We decide we might as well take the courtesy shuttle to Galleria Mall.While at the mall the maintenance guy rings my boyfriend and says there are actually two other recalls on the car that need to be fixed. My boyfriend says to go ahead and do them, so this puts our time to pick up at 1:15 PM (we dropped off at 10 AM). But it's okay because we have the courtesy shuttle come pick us up - right? No. Wrong. At 12:30 PM we called and asked to be picked up, the shuttle driver pretty much blew us off and told us he was on lunch and said our maintenance person could find us a ride. So, we called him.... and called him.... and called him... and he did not answer. We started walking, kind of out of boredom and kind of out of just wanting to be there, get the car and leave. So the shuttle driver calls us about 1 PM and says he can come pick us up, so he does, on the side of the road. He apologized, but come on.... why didn't you find someone to come get us? Why doesn't VW have someone who can cover the shuttle driver during his lunch break? That's ridiculous.To end our experience we're dropped off at the desk to sign papers and get our keys. While we stand there and stare at the girl running this operation. She staples papers. Continues to staple papers. Does not acknowledge us. Continues to staple papers. We're obviously WAITING FOR HER. Finally she stops, and comes over and plops papers for my boyfriend to sign in front of him and then practically (might as well have) tossed the keys to him onto the counter without so much as a smile or a well-wish goodbye. All I was thinking in my head was, "What a sour effing bitch." One should not work in customer service if you're going to behave in such a fashion.I'm not going to stop taking my VW to be serviced at a VW service station, but I just might have to try somewhere else in the valley after such a poor experience here.
5	The easiest purchase ever, I would buy from them again
2	Service sucks.  Not follow up or communication.  Spent almost 3.5 hours waiting for a New Car Purchase  3 month/3000 mile check up.
1	I would NOT reccommend this dealership to anyone. I purchased a brand new 2011 VW Jetta last NOvember from Findlay VW. 2 weeks after i purchased the car, the tire blew out and no one could figure out what the cause was. At first they were going to make me pay full prices for the tire even though i only had the car barely 2 weeks. After arguing with them and going back and forth, they finally split the cost with me. The sales person I purchased it from, during the whole ordeal would not call me back after leaving several messages. Now, i have something else wrong with it. I will NEVER take my car back there for anything. I go to Desert where they have much better customer service. The customer service at Findlay Volkswagen is horrible. After they got their money and my trade in, they didnt care about me afterwards. I would never recommend them to anyone or go back to them for anything. Maybe theres a reason why my car was the last 2011 on the lot and they just wanted to get rid of it.
1	My husband and I just bought a new 2013 Jetta SE from Findlay Volkswagen less than a week ago and I wish our experience was better. We went through Capital One's blank check program to buy our car and first had decided to buy a used 2010 Jetta TDI through Findlay. We agreed on a price, signed papers and took our car home and thought everything was ok... Until we received a call from the dealership a couple days later that our Capital One financing wouldn't work because they were over the loan to value Capital One would approve. I remember handing the check and paperwork to the salesperson and specifying about the loan to value requirements Capital One had stipulated. Obviously this was not understood by them if they were now calling us telling us they needed $1300 more for us to keep the car. So fast forward to the husband and I deciding we were NOT going to do that. We took the car back and decided on a new 2013 Jetta SE instead that we would not have loan to value issues with. I was a little annoyed that we ended up spending way more money than had first planned but justified it by it being a brand new vehicle.Yesterday my husband got a flat tire on the way to work in the car he has had for less than a week. When he took the car into Findlay to get it replaced he was asked " did you buy the extended tire warranty?"Are you serious??? This car has been driven for less than a week and has already cost me $214 for a new tire. I am amazed. This is not a good way to start a relationship Findlay. I am already regretting not going back to Toyota.
3	Lol I'm the duchess of a VW dealership.I've been here a few times to get work done on my car. They've all been pleasant enough, but they have not been pleasant on my pocketbook. I don't know jack about cars (and it's painfully obvious) so I know that I'm easily taken advantage of, and I don't necessarily always feel that about my experiences here...but sometimes, you never know. The plusesShuttle service to wherever you need to go, but it's sometimes backed upAll the bottled water you could wantWi-fiComfy enough waiting areaHopefully when I'm looking to trade-in, they will be extra nice on the price since I have dumped so much money into my current car!
4	You will find nothing but crazy people here. Or maybe it's the VW culture. I came in to test drive the Golf TDI. As I was about to leave, the dude offers to let me take it for the rest of the day. What? OK why not?I come back later to return the car. We then test drive the GTI to feel the difference. And honestly, it's just so much sexier. And as we were about to leave, he offers to let us have it for the rest of the weekend. What?I'm not sure if this is the typical experience here, but they can have my four stars. Everyone was friendly. I never felt like there was ever any pressure, despite basically keeping the GTI for almost two days. I guess they believe in their cars enough to know that you'll probably buy after you drive it around enough. Didn't work on me, but I appreciate that kind of brand confidence.
1	Settle in friends, it's gonna be a long one. I can only hope that the fire that burns within me against this business can implore you to rethink setting foot inside. My car was losing power at red lights and the engine/exhaust light was on. I took it in, left it overnight, and returned the next day to find a whopping $1000 in repairs needed to be done. Fine. I allowed the repairs and threw on an oil change even though I know they screw you on price with oil changes at the dealer, but whatever.They claimed the problem was the spark plugs and the "combi valve," whatever the hell that means, and I figured that they knew what they were doing. I was so very wrong.Fast forward 10 days when at red lights, my car stops at red lights again and the engine light comes back on. I take it back in, furious that it went wrong because I had an impending trip to Los Angeles within the next 12 hours. I again go in for a diagnostic of what's wrong and never do they ask me if I would like a loaner vehicle or any kind of recompense for the inconvenience of having to come back for the exact same problem ten days apart. The next day, I am told it is this time a "fuel pump" that is causing my car to stop and that I will need another $600 in repairs.I proceeded to talk to the service director at Findlay Volkswagen, who told me that since I had driven 88,000 miles on this part, it just had worn out. I told him that his team did not properly diagnose the problem the first time, and I was not interested in paying for their mistakes. I additionally told him to not pee on my leg and tell me it was raining, that I was being taken advantage of because I was a female, and a myriad of other quips I am putting in my own personal hall of fame. I demanded a loaner vehicle for my trip to LA while the morons in the back tried to get my vehicle right for the second time. I also refused to pay any labor cost for their misdiagnosis (an offer that the service director made, claiming he was being "more than generous"). When I picked up my car, I talked to the person beneath the service director, telling him to tell their sales department that they lost a sale due to their ineptitude at diagnosing vehicles. I do not believe that two different parts caused the exact same problem to happen ten days apart. I believe they didn't know what was wrong and they used my car as "practice." In the end, this secondary part cost me over $250. Apparently, you have to throw a fit to the service director to get any kind of deal on "genuine Volkswagen parts and service."I will say that Monique and Bob at the service desk are decent humans and I feel bad that this review may be a reflection on them. It's not. It's on the pisspoor diagnostic team in the back who couldn't seem to get it right the first time.When I trade in my vehicle, it will ABSOLUTELY NOT be to a Findlay. This rage brought to you by my $1300 credit card bill.
4	Free car washes if you're willing to wait a minute!Confession: We haven't bought a car from this place, only used the Service Department.They've done good work on our '08 GTI and it's usually pretty timely as well. The Service managers are pretty knowledgeable for the most part so far. Of course it's VW but you already knew that so high prices are the norm for parts...ugh can't wait to get rid of our car. Convenient location so that's a plus. We'll continue to come here until the car is gone!
4	We bought our Jetta SEL brand new here back in 2009 and have ran threw the carefree maintenance that is actually  "3 oil changes"  3 year or 36k miles but vw recommends 10k intervals so yeah. Our Jetta is now at 55k after alot of road trips and still runs like new. Thanks to the people at Findlay VW. Be the first in line when they open to avoid long wait times and be prepared to pay a premium for VW Service.. Or take it to bobs auto service and cross your fingers.
1	So if you have one of the cars with the safety feature which honks the horn every time you lock the doors (and scares your baby or wakes the neighbors) good luck with getting these guys to fix it. The dealer said this is a safety feature. I will be getting a new car in a few months and I assure you after how my daughter was treated these guys don't have a shot at my business. Part of the problem is that vw made the decision to lock the disable function out of the user parameters on higher trim models. Hey guys take a look at the Jetta forums and see how your customers feel about this. The solution is a program called VCDS and a $10 cable from eBay. Problem solved. This issue didn't have to come to this, this is an easy fix at the dealer (change a single param in the long code.) instead they goofed my daughter around and lost any sales in the future. While it seemed like the bulk of the problems  were coming from a single service writer, left a bad taste in all our mouths for vw and this dealership. Other than the stupid horn thing the new Jettas are nice but I can't recommend this dealership because of how my daughter was treated. If you purchase a new vw with this annoyance I would recommend making a deal to have them reconfigure before you write the check. Safety feature my butt.....
5	Great customer service team! I was able to get a loaner car while mine was in for its 10k servicing and the clear coat. I got my car back the next day to see it had been deep cleaned inside and out and was running like a champ. See Bob in the service department.
1	This place in ubelievable.! I originally brought my car in and inquired about some repairs while the recall was being fixed. Well Mr Ryan Wolfe jumped all over my extended warranty and opened a claim because i ASKED how much it cost. I declined the service and left. Well i went in a little later to get the repairs done because after i picked it up i had a crazy sound coming from my car that wasnt there before! and he tried charging me two deductibles because he never closed the first claim. I personally felt so disgusted because he did nothing to help except play the part of a good guy and blame it all on my warranty. He cashed in on my warranty and didnt even fix the problem THEY CREATED in the first place.  And i oh so convienently havent recieved a survey! Psh dont waste your time or money here. Theyre ridiculous.
5	After I purchased my 2007 Volkswagen EOS 2.0 from CarMax in 2011, I chose to patronize Desert (now AutoNation) Volkswagen for maintenance. Unfortunately, my visits to their service department became more frequent as my EOS began to betray me. It was service after service and money just draining from my account. Less than two years later, I decided it was time to sell not-so-faithful EOS (I called him Skyfall in honor of the awesome 007 film). I wanted to get the best offer on my EOS, so I decided not to trade it in after a low quote from Findlay and sold it a few days later to CarMax.My experience with AutoNation wasn't always pleasant (that's another story) and I was tired of my used car problems, so that brought me to Findlay Volkswagen on 06/18/2013 in search of a brand new car. I came with one of my very good guy friends to help me maneuver through the male-centric game of car buying. After perusing the small showroom and not even receiving a glance from anyone, my friend walked into a gentleman's office asking for assistance. This turned out to be in our favor because this gentleman was one of their Internet Sales Managers, Scott Ackerman. In the beginning of our interaction, I was very apprehensive and standoffish because I'm used to dealing with disrespectful, rude people. I let my friend do most of the talking while I listened and just asked questions periodically. Then, my friend and I left the dealership to discuss what we thought about the vehicles and offers. Realizing that Scott was real and not overly aggressive and that he was offering the best price, I quickly returned.I decided on a new 2013 Volkswagen Jetta SEL for its added "convenience" features without the Passat price tag (the only differences being longer body and slightly larger cabin). Anyway, Scott made the very long buying process really painless! We had a blast chatting and joking around. He was also very helpful during the car inspection explaining the snazzy features that have changed from 2007 models and setting up my Bluetooth. I ended up finding blemishes in the paint and he was extremely apologetic that he hadn't seen it first. Since it was the only one in their lot, he offered to have it painted immediately the next morning as well as window tinting. I didn't even have time to be upset! So, after just one visit for paint and tinting (and great customer service at the maintenance department), everything has been wonderful for the last (almost) seven months! It was truly a wonderful experience, which is remarkable for a car dealership, and I highly recommend Scott to everyone!! I am also very pleased with the Jetta SEL!My visit today was prompted by a courtesy 5,000-mile service that my car has graciously reminded me to complete for the last couple months lol. It took approximately an hour and a half and, finished with a complimentary wash. Everything was good and it was another good experience. My next visit won't be for another year thanks to 10,000-mile oil changes!
1	Even though I sent a demand letter to this company after they admitted to not properly equipping my certified pre owned vehicle with the correct tires I was left with no response. These people admitted their mistake but said because I hasn't told them sooner the best they could do is give me a discount on new tires. I argued that I shouldn't have had to inspect the tires since they were part of the certified process. Bottom line is I had to absorb the cost of new tires with no help from any of these guys. Please take your business elsewhere.
1	After having my vehicle towed to the dealership for breaking down, I had the worst expierence ever with the dealership .The vehicle is a TDI and had a problem with the fuel system. After getting the run around from writers and staff my vehicle was complete and I thought I could get out of there. When I picked up my vehicle it smelled like diesel fuel inside very badly. I rolled my windows down and thought it would go away, it did not. I found that the technician had spilled diesel when removing the fuel pump under rear seat and soaked the carpet. I planned on having my twin premie babies with lung issues in the car but would not dream of it with the amount of diesel fuel vapor in car. I had to go clean carpet myself. When I contacted the manager to let him know about my poor expierence he proceeded to brush me off and said he would look into it. Than when I contacted him back since he never called me he said I was wrong and the tech did not spill, I guess it was magic it got there. Than he proceeded to tell me that I should be more greatful that he cover the rental car while my car that is a year old and under warrenty had major repairs. All and all I would say Findlay Vw supports baby murder and does not care about its customers
1	I made a 10 am appointment 2 weeks in advance for my 20,000 mile service. They said it would take 2 - 2.5 hours (for an oil change, tire rotation, replace filter). I had a friend pick me up so we could waste time. She drops me off 3 hours later and they tell me they haven't even started on my car! I think is absolutely completely disrespectful that they couldn't even call me and tell me that they got behind. I then had to get a ride to my house where I had to wait for a shuttle to come and get me later to come back to get my car, throwing off my afternoon plans. What is the point of making an appointment if they don't even try to adhere to it? I will not be returning to this location to service my vehicle.
4	I can only comment on their service department, and I must say it is very well run.  I've only had one time in which I had to leave my vehicle overnight and that was due to a warranty company issue as the warranty adjuster had to come out and look at the vehicle before authorizing a replacement part and couldn't get there until the next day.  Normally when I have service done, I am able to get in and out of there in less than two hours.  The service staff are all knowledgeable and professional.  And they are very friendly and helpful.  They are happy to give you a ride home and pick you up when your vehicle is ready.  And unlike some places, they actually provide free soft drinks, bottled water, and coffee for their customers.  Most places have coffee, but you have to pay for the other stuff.  And the waiting area is comfortable with Free Wi-Fi and TV.
5	I have nothing but great things to say about the team at VW! Bob really went above and beyond to help get my car service in a timely manner and their professionalism is unmatched by any other establishment I have encountered. Thank you Bob I appreciate everything!
4	I've been here a few times for my covered oil change service.   Luckily my routine maintenance is every 10,000 miles so it's not very often I need to visit.  In my experience, the service guys are so friendly and helpful.  On both occasions my vehicle was finished before the set time.  Strange but true!  I especially like that my car is washed when I pick it up.  They have a waiting area for customers with coffee and tv for your entertainment.   Otherwise if you don't want to wait, they will call you when it's ready to pick up.  Shuttle service is available too.  So far so good in my book!
5	Best car buying experience!! no pressure and my salesman Rico was very patient and helpful  !!
5	I bought the most gorgeous fender edition beetle at Findlay last week and Rico made the whole process stress free and fun. I've taken my car here for service since 2004 and I've always been satisfied.
5	This is the best dealership!  I have had 2 leases, & now am purchasing a new Tiguan! Customer service has always been stellar each time I've been here.  On my first lease, there were a few issues with the car & the service department went above & beyond to ensure I was happy & satisfied (once issues were resolved, car was a gem!).  After that experience, I have been a loyal customer & Findlay VW of Henderson has not disappointed!  My nephew also bought his first car here, & once again, they provided an excellent experience for him!  Thank you to all of the long standing employees who provide great customer service & care about the quality of their professional service they provide.
1	This rating is strictly for the Service Department. I have a 8 page list of things I have had fixed here and none of them was fixed correctly. Most recently I lost power on my 2007 VW Passat Wagon and had a diagnostic showing the turbo had failed. The turbo that I had replaced LAST YEAR. Ryan Wolf in the Service Dept said he would call VW (VW said tough luck, we won't help with repairs, enjoy your lemon!) and give me a loaner car which was nice of him; I also think Jeff Young is very nice, but can the department fix ANYTHING?? The cost for repairs here is EXTREME; they fixed my hatch and a year and a half later it fell on my child's head, They fixed my Turbo and a year and a half later it fails and they want another $2400 to fix it even though they say it's unusual that it failed. They fixed my ignition coils and quoted me $2300 for that, valves etc, and suddenly when I got another quote they lowered the price to $1700. Bob Norris over there acted like he did me some huge favor by reducing the repair to a more feasible amount. Ummm, thanks?? I drive off the lot and had to immediately turn back around for them to replace another coil. Here we are, 5k into this car this year (1k to paint for oxidation) and they want another $2400 to replace the Turbo AGAIN. They treated me great when I had a warranty and now they don't want to help with a Repair that should have lasted more than a Year. They don't even bother trying to figure out the reason for the turbo failure. They think I will just come in every year and pay $2400 for a new one. No thanks. This is the worst car I've ever had, I've heard the same from other VW owners. At some point VW decided to sell a bunch of junk and ruin their rep as having reliable cars that go past 200k miles and beyond to having to take them to the shop every 6-8 months for turbos, recalled Cam Shafts!!, ignition coils, broken hatches, vacuum leaks from recalled vacuums, etc etc. This is not small stuff. The Service Dept supposedly rebuilt this car and yet it broke down every 6-8 months. Be WARNED you will be ripped off if you go here and if their work or parts are shoddy then too bad they're sorry they're NOT sorry. VW is the worst car I've ever had and it sure would be nice to have a great mechanic, but Findlay's Service Dept ain't it!
2	I have a 2010 Beetlebug Convertible with less than 50,000 miles on it. The checkstrap that keeps the door from flying open and holds it opened snapped. The weld broke. Now it is causing damage to the interior of the door. The body shop originally said $150.00 but now I need a entire new door because the part is welded inside the door. Price $2000.00 my warranty is good until 9/2015 or 60k miles. Findlay will not cover the cost nor will VW of America. This is a part that you rarely see being faulty and breaking. I've had vehicles with 150k miles on it and that never happened and this car has less use than the previous vehicles. Findlay does not stand behind their vehicles or warranty. I've been happy with my  VW until now, but knowing the way they take care of their customers with a faulty part, I will never buy another VW and you should be careful if you're considering it. I have another girlfriend who had major issues with Vw also. I'm the one that referred her to VW and then she gets a lemon. I was thinking of getting a new car and now I will definitely look elsewhere.
1	I would never buy another car from a Findlay dealership or a Volkswagon. I am still under WARRANTY and they won't fix it or honor the warranty. A little part that shouldn't have broke, now they say I have to replace the entire door. The car has less than 50k miles on it. It's total BULLSHIT!
1	UPDATE on my 2007 VW Passat Wagon 2.0The turbo was fine. The camshaft timing was off $495 part...not a $2400 Turbo Replacement AGAIN after 1 yr.  Thanks for not even trying to troubleshoot Findlay VW Service Dept. So glad I didn't let them throw the baby out with the bath water. Question what they tell you is wrong with your car. My Advice: Get an honest second opinion from someone who will ACTUALLY troubleshoot.
1	AWFUL service department! I will never again buy VW because of their service department. I loved my 99 VW Passat, it ran great for over 10 years and we had minor things fixed on it over the years, nothing huge. We moved out to Nevada and my check engine light turned on, and we have a computer to read error codes and it was one we had previously had repaired at another VW in another state, but we had the paperwork to show it was covered in case it needed replacing. Took my car down and told them we just needed this part replaced. The service guy proceeded to talk to me like I was stupid and knew nothing about my car. He said they would need to test the part to be sure it was that but it could be any number of things, but no matter what I had to pay a diagnostic fee. I let them test the part and of course they come back and tell me it's all this other stuff that it's going to cost $4000 plus minimum. He then told me that my car was old and needed lots of work! I informed him that I had kept up on the work myself and all I needed was the one part replaced but since it didn't "register" as faulty for them (aka it was under warranty) they were willing to fix everything but that part. I said no thanks and took my keys and left.
1	Ace was nice and showed us some cars when I came n w my mom and my 6 year old daughter. But I told him I couldn't drive stick and the car he chose for me to test drive was a stick.  Not completely his fault but it took alot of time. Then he took my info to c if I could get financed and never came back and never called. My daughter got a few pieces of candy and the front desk lady was very rude. Don't remember her name but she yelled at my daughter and told her she couldn't answer the phone w her making noise. Seemed very put off. I asked her to have ace call me because my mom had to leave and I was going to pick up my car from the dealer and she was very rude. I won't go back. If not for how nice ace was, they would get a zero
