5	Matt is extremely knowledgeable and great at what he does. He is great on both the selling and buying side of the trade. Strongly recommend
5	I highly recommend Matt for anyone's real estate needs. He's knowledgeable, friendly and client-focused. He'll definitely do whatever it takes to make sure you're satisfied!
5	Matt was recommended through a friend of ours. Buying a house is a really intimidating process - most people never spend more on anything else in their entire life not to mention the upkeep and the future of the place that you buy - ohhh the pressure!Matt was a great resource because he has a family and knew the stress of wanting to buy the right house for your family (in my case future family) and the stress of making sure you're making the right decision. He was patient with my worries and questions - with out coming off the wrong way, Matt was able to make light of a seemingly serious situation and his personality just helped you to feel comfortable with him and with a big decision.He always made sure that this entire process is up to us and what we were feeling. I would recommend Matt to anyone, but its really nice to know that there is a genuine family man out there wanting to help make a decision for you in your best interest instead of his own.
5	Matt Rosen was a pleasure to work with.  We were looking to purchase an investment property in Phoenix and found Matt on Yelp.  He was everything you could ask for in a Real Estate agent.  He always answered our calls, he was extremely friendly and knowledgeable and had a great understanding of the area and what we were looking for.  I would 100% recommend Matt.
5	So glad we met Matt!  He's great to work with because he's good at reading what we wanted, he's always prepared, and he's professional.  On top of all that, he's a really good person and fun to be around!
5	I have been working with Matt for about 6 months now.  We met while I was staying at the Biltmore for a work trip.  After visiting Phoenix, I knew that I wanted to purchase a second home there.  I stopped by the Real Estate office in the hotel and was lucky enough to meet Matt.  He is extremely knowledgeable in all things Phoenix and knew exactly what I was looking for. He is very conversational, and easy to get a hold of. Unfortunately we had a deal fall through but I will continue working with Matt until I find the right place.  I am extremely confident he will find what we want.
