5	Gourmet Coffee, Fresh Bakery, Soup, Sandwiches, and best of all Home made Gelato in dozens of wild flavors. Clean and comforatble, with outside seating too. Best coffehouse in town.
4	Oh Java Cat. How I miss you! The Cat is a wee cafe where you can get some AMAZING gelato(peanut butter habanero,  if you please), a cup of piping hot fill-in-the-blank-with-your-fave-drink, and a damn good chicken stew, if I may say so!...makes me miss the East Side!
4	Meow Meow!I have only had the coffee and gelato and yeh I loved them both so much I have been back many times.  The service is awesome and the baristas here are always on top of their game, and super friendly as well.  They have an drive thru which I think is awesome, especially for the east side... The Cat is pretty much the only one for good drive thru coffee in this area..There is a large patio for spring/summer! They also have sandwiches and soups which I am excited to get down there soon and try those out as well. I would strongly suggest you grab a drink at the Java Cat.. you won't be disappointed!
4	Nice place...
4	Fresh baked pastries, homemade gelato and excellent coffee, just some of the items which Java Cat excels at!! The Cat has lots of live music too, not just the random hippie stuff or starving artist but decent music from different cultures! The building is tight and can get crowded but the outside patio can handle any spill-over no problem.The fact that they're open early (5:30 am) means you can get the freshest coffee and bakery anywhere before heading off to work!!Bravo Java Cat, bravo!!!
5	This little locally-owned coffee shop is a great addition to this east side neighborhood. I bought a house in the area just before Java Cat opened. In all honesty, I was concerned about how it would survive. I was totally wrong.Several years later, Java Cat is thriving. It's always crowded and for good reason. The food is excellent. The coffee is very tasty. And don't get me started on the gelato...to die for!! Don't forget they provide computers if you want to get some work done!The best part about Java Cat: the drive through! What a fantastic idea. I'm happy to see this place is doing well. It's definitely worth your time and money. Very good!!
3	Great little coffee spot, and a welcome addition to the area. The coffee is good with lots of choices (Javalato, anyone?). There are also lots of food options - hot and cold sandwiches, soups, lots of pastries, and chocolates from local chocolatiers. Just once you have to try the squares of cake & butter cream frosting dipped in chocolate ganache.Most coffee shops have wi-fi these days, but how many actually provide the computers? There are three, they're free, and far less busy than you would think. I've only had to wait twice in my dozens of visits.Java Cat hosts music on the weekends, and usually really good acts. I'll never forget the 9-year-old accompanying his dad's Irish jigs on the bodhran - really well, too! And the rotating gallery art is always worth a look. (As opposed to the permanent collection, which is....excessively cat themed.)Oh, and the drive through. Yay!So why did I give it only three stars? Let's start with the atmosphere. Dark purple walls, black ceiling and a lot of grey make for one gloomy room. If not for the warm wooden furniture and the large front window, the place would be downright depressing.Then there's the temperature: freezing. One day this summer I noticed that I wasn't the only one huddled in a sweater and asked if they could turn the AC down, They said they have to keep the ambient temperature at 60 to keep the gelato from melting. Really? The freezer doesn't do that? Now, I don't know if that's the official line, but I do know that Java Cat is often uncomfortably cold.And finally, it's no place for small children. There is one high chair and one booster seat, and neither has any straps/buckles to hold a kid in. There's no changing table in the bathroom, even though there's plenty of space for one. Changing diapers on the floor of a public bathroom sucks. And they actually removed the small kids' area they used to have. If I didn't know better, I'd think Java Cat was deliberately making it hard for people with babies to hang out there. Actually, I'm pretty sure that's exactly what they're doing.
5	The best anywhere!  This place has atmosphere, great people, yummy coffee and tasty goods.
5	this place is fantastic! their gelato alone is reason to travel across town to check it out. i'm not one for coffee, so i can't speak about that, but the gelato is certainly killer, especially on a hot day by the lake. the website above is wrong though, the actual website is here: http://www.javacatmadison.com/
5	Had a chance to get back to Java Cat today. Seriously. If you love frozen treats and you haven't been here yet, I am shedding a tear for you. The best gelato I've had, hands down. Both in quality, and creativity of flavors. (as a side note, the man and I split a BLT today as well, which was also yummy in that good-old-classic-sandwich kind of way).
3	I love the drive through on my way to work and go the about once a week.  The coffee is yummy.  I never go there for food because it isn't all that great.  They also are not at all kid friendly.  No toys or books and no changing area in the bathroom even though there's space.  If they got rid of the old computers that not many people use they'd have a nice little area for kids.  Happy Bambino is right around the corner so I think it would get used.
5	Best coffee in Madison, in my opinion.  The blueberry scones are extra good as well. If you're in the area it's totally worth a stop. Oh, the staff is very nice as well!
4	I like this place. There usually aren't any screaming kids bothering me. Also, they have old computers that people can use to do useful things, like search the internet and write yelp reviews expressing their valid and not-so-valid opinions.
4	I really enjoy The Java Cats house espresso roast, very smooth yet complex and full, very similar to Illy Cafe--epsresso roast, or Torrefazione Italia-- Perugia blend. I have tried well over one hundred blends and roasters over the years as an espresso business owner in Seattle, and find the Jave Cat coffee to be very well done and is worth a try if you really care what your coffee tastes like and how it is prepared.They have a great "coffee house" atmosphere with live music on weekends and serve fresh "in-house" baked goods, sandwiches, salads, and soup. Java Cats also offers superb home made gelatin and italian ices made daily, yumm.
4	Java Cat is a wonderful addition to our neighborhood, and an overall great little cafe. The coffee is strong, the baked goods are tasty, and the Wi-Fi is fast. I love that this spot is within a short walk of my house -- a little funky flavor reminiscent of our old Willy Street 'hood. The only things I'd change are the hours (wish they were open later!), the temperature (it's always so cold, as another reviewer mentioned -- on one of our 95-degree days earlier this summer, I was in there wearing a hoodie); and the furniture -- it's not the coziest arrangement of bare wood tables and chairs. I love the ambiance of Mother Fools and Lazy Jane's, and I wish the owners of Java Cat would take a bit of time cozying things up in a similar way.
4	The coffee seriously taste better from Java Cat than any other place on earth. Pure taste bud delight and always served by the friendliest staff. You can tell the owners put their heart into it! I mostly go through the drive through on my way  to work. Which is really saying something because its not really on my way to work and I work right next to a coffee shop. Java cats coffee tastes better, cost less for the quantity than most places around, including the place next to my job. The only reason I am not giving it a 5 is its not my favorite decor style in side, kinda dark and dated looking. They really are not very accommodating to children either but I kinda love them for that, and I do have kids. If I wanted to listen to my kids loud banter while I sipped my coffee I would have drank it at home. I do think they could use some help with the vegetarian section of the menu but personally the coffee flavor and Love I feel when I go in there make up for any short comings.Im actually sipping on a cup of joe from the shop next to my work because I was desperate and wishing it were from Java Cat instead. Which is what made me think of writing this review. Tomorrow I will leave for work earlier...Java Cat stole my heart..
4	Good strong coffee, tasty baked goods, free WiFi, friendly service and yummy gelato, combined with a diverse clientele and nice vibe--Java Cat is head and shoulders above any of the coffee chains. Really the only drawback is the very limited parking, which sometimes necessitates a bit of a walk, not a problem in good weather, but not fun during our much too long Wisconsin winter.
5	HOMEMADE GELATO. Oh, and friendly service and clientele.
5	Gelato . . . Enough said.
5	Best coffee and gelato in town. My kids and my husband love the friendly atmosphere and clientele...
5	These guy have got it going!  The drive thru is a nice feature - I use it often.  The atmosphere is comfy, the gelato is out of this world and sometimes they schedule live music.  Plus the owners are really good people.  You con't go wrong here.
5	I like to come here to focus on a project.  Great coffee house vibe.  The staff clearly likes being here.  Everything is unique and delicious.  I had the soup of the day.  Baja chicken.  Excellent!!!
2	Sorry to say, but rather disappointed with my coffee experience there. Just moved into the Monona area in the fall and was excited that there were so many coffee shop choices in the area.  After trying Java Cat, I've decided that while the drive-thru is a very nice feature, it doesn't really help when my order is wrong, more often than not.  2 out of the last 3 visits have resulted in me tossing my drink when I get into the office, which becomes a bit costly at $5+ a drink.  My experiences have been much better at some of the other local shops, so I'll leave 5 minutes earlier to go somewhere else instead of risking the convenience of the drive-thru.
2	I do t get this place, coffee is weak, sandwiches are terrible and service is confused and slow. If I want gelato it's great, but seriously better food at Crema down the road.
2	WARNING! JUDGMENTAL BARISTA RANT!! Wow, these baristas need some training. I ordered a 16oz Iced Latte. Nothing too difficult. The girl who served me pulled 35 second shots (23-28 seconds is the standard for espresso shots) then poured them over the ice in my cup deluding the shots, then added milk and more ice. It tasted awful... If you come here just order a regular cup of coffee or tea and then get some gelato. Don't waste your money on their "more complicated" drinks.Rant over. They do use just coffee which is a plus!
5	Great food, especially the gelato and the breakfasts - but the sandwiches and bakery items are good also.  Can be hard to get a table on weekend mornings,  more so in the winter.
5	Some of the best brewed coffee in Madison.  They serve Just Coffee and always have a strong dark roast. Drive-thru is very convenient on the way to work.
4	Great caffeine stop.Nice location right by the lake and within walking distance to the botanical gardens and the lakefront park. They really ran with the whole cat theme in the ambiance, they place is covered with fun cat things in all sorts of ways. The baristas were very nice and helpful. They were using Just Coffee which was cool. They weren't exactly gourmet espresso trained, but the americano I got can out well and the gelato was defiantly great. They have some great options to mix the two in affogstos and gelato-espresso shakes, yum! Overall not bad coffee for a reasonable price, I would suggest getting the brewed stuff with some gelato and enjoy it on a walk through the park.
3	I came here on two different occasions.  The first being for a study session and the second purely for gelato.  I had a mocha purely by their suggestion and was not at all impressed.  It was weak and very watery.  I also got a cookie which was only ok.  The baristas did not seem as if they were totally confident or really knowledgeable about the food or coffee either.  When I ask for suggestions at coffee shops, they usually have a great, creative drink waiting to suggest or at least ask for what kind of drink I am looking for.  She said the mocha was their most popular so I figured it had to be good.  But it was not.Now, the gelato.  The gelato is great.  I had party cake or was it birthday cake?  Cake batter?  Something to that extent.  It was really good.  They have a good variety and they let you sample ones before you choose.  Not sure how it compares to Michaels down the street but I would go back for the gelato.
5	Thank you to the Java Cat Coffee staff this morning. Customer service was spot on- friendly, suggested menu item to me and asked the owner to make it, as she does best.Perfect cup of coffee and the best breakfast wrap in town!
5	Best customer service in town; the owner introduced herself by name and gave me time to browse the menu and ask questions, without making me feel rushed.Cozy place with lots of natural light and a cute fireplace in the corner.  The cat decor can be a little much if you're not a cat person (like myself) but that's easily made up for by the quality of the coffee and the pleasantness of the staff!
5	Excellent customer service in addition to a warm and welcoming environment will keep me a life long customer. This morning, I went to two other coffee shops trying to find the little stickers that you put over the opening on a to-go cup. I wanted it for a holiday gift for the coffee lover on my list. Everybody had them but nobody was willing to sell them until I stopped at Java Cat. Thank you for an outstanding customer service experience!
4	Java Cat is a 3-4 star coffee shop. Latte prices are comparable but a tad on the high side for the market. The coffee is consistently good and they have a nice selection of sandwiches and rotation soups. They also have a decent pastry selection and a little gelato counter. Java Cat is go to coffee joint when I'm in the neighborhood.  It's consistent and has decent hours.
4	This is by far my favorite coffee shop in Madison.  The staff are absolutely fabulous.  The food is delicious, especially the soups, and the price is very affordable.  The best is that it has a kid friendly atmosphere.
