5	Wow, I don't even know how to write a review that's worthy of Melissa and her services!I adore this woman and cannot recommend her strongly enough! I have a dog who's skittish around strangers. Melissa walked into my house, read her behavior and gave Cali the space she needed. Within ten minutes Melissa was throwing a tennis ball for Cali, who was happily fetching, and they were suddenly best friends. I knew I had found my dog walker! Melissa has a special way with understanding what animals need to feel comfortable. I also have two cats who absolutely adore her, and they're a little shy around strangers too. But Melissa came into my home and quickly became part of the family.Her prices are very reasonable and you get a ton of bang for your buck. My favorite part of her services is that she always takes cute pictures of the animals and texts them to me after her visit. I love getting those texts in the middle of my work day, and it makes me feel so good to know that my animals are taken care of in my absence. Aside from daily dog walking, I've also used Melissa for pet sitting while I'm out of town, and have received the same kind of amazing service.It's hard to leave your animals for a day or a week or whatever. But when you know that they are being cared for by someone who loves them and is capable of handling their needs, all that worry melts away. I recommended Melissa to a coworker recently, and he was blown away by how awesome she was!Her personal touches are what make Melissa's services so special. Aside from the daily texts, she also took some hysterical pictures of my pets with costumes and left them as a holiday present.This is no fly by night operation- Melissa takes her responsibilities seriously, and works with local rescue organizations and trainers to hone her knowledge. She is a bona fide business owner, and she is VERY good at what she does.Again, I cannot recommend this woman's services strongly enough. I just wish I knew more people in the area to whom I could refer her! I really urge you to use her services- you'll be glad you did!
5	Melissa is so great my husband calls her the dog whisperer. She is so gentle and kind with our 2 dogs and 1 cat. They love to see her and she always gets them to pose for the cutest pictures. We highly recommend her.
