4	Mid-winter blahs? Walking around Campbell's Nursery will make you feel better. Tucked just off South Boulevard behind Mr. K's, Campbell's is a bit on the pricey side, but their selection of jaw-droppingly gorgeous orchids, colorful tropicals, and cool succulent plants will win you over. The care these plants receive shows, too, and in my opinion, is worth the higher price, especially if you want to invest in a house plant you plan to keep. House plants, though, are just the beginning. Walk through the greenhouse and you'll find a gardener's paradise in the back, stocked with lush perennials, ornamental trees, herbs, and garden sculpture. Seasonal flowers are abundant in both front and back, and although pricey, once again the quality of the plant, in my experience, is consistently high at Campbell's. There are also bonsai plants aplenty here, and I'm sure the helpful staff will happily fill you in- just ask.I've noticed quite a few "regulars" shop here. The owners know these folks by name. I've seen well-coiffed ladies in German sedans picking up their newest orchid arrangement and swapping out the old one. But I've also noticed a lot of folks like myself- who ooh and ahhh and occasionally buy a plant. The staff seems patient, good-natured and happy with all types of folks- but then plant people are like that.  Whether you live in town or work Uptown, Campbell's is the type of place you'll want to visit more than once, if for no other reason than just to see (bad pun warning) what's growing on.
5	What a great stop! My husband and I were on our way to Lowe's to check out some of their new garden plants, when I passed by Campbell's. They had such attractive flowers out front, which drew us in. We've passed this place time and time again, but this time we just had to check it out.We learned that it is independently owned and has been there for 25 years. The nursery is a lot bigger than initial impression! They have an enormous supply of orchids, nice variety of various plants, and also some pre-potted things. We purchased a pot of herbs and lettuces...yummy! The employees are very courteous and friendly. I was impressed at their dedication to their job and livelihood. Go loyalty! They really seem knowledgeable and helpful.The prices didn't seem too expensive in comparison to one of the major home and gardening businesses. In fact, they had many perennials for $1! We were happy to spend our money here...you should too!
5	Another great nursery with a variety of plants! I'm a fan of cacti and they had alot to choose from. Great place to get lost in and that's a good thing!
5	Recently, I got into buying indoor plants. So I went to several nurseries and Campbell's was by far the friendliest, had the best looking plants and the best selection (much larger size options compared to others). It's too bad that Campbell's doesn't have a more prominent sign or logo to let others get a better idea about them from the street but they probably have enough business through word of mouth.Side note = For a great selection of pots for indoor plants try Pikes in Ballantyne.
5	I'm not much of a gardener, but I thought my house needed some fresh air and campbell's is close by.  I stopped in to look around and left with a great cactus plant.  While checking out they gave me some tips on care of the plant.  I felt a lot more comfortable buying my plants and getting advice from specialists versus finding something at my nearby mass merchandisers.  Extra plus that it is local!  There was a lot more plant selection to choose from and I will definitely look to go back for my future plant needs.
4	I put it out on Twitter that I was in search of succulents & a friend pointed me towards Campbell's.  Everyone who worked there was extremely friendly & even went into the back to get fresher moss than what they had out because I had mentioned I was using it for a photoshoot & he wanted to give me the nicest looking moss he had.  I will definitely come back when the weather gets warm enough to plant.
5	What a GREAT place to shop, learn, and browse. I have bought several plants from Campbell's and all my plants thrive due to their quality and great care instructions. I also love the fact that they discouraged me from a buying a pot I wanted last December because I wanted to transplant a new indoor tree into it... they said that the tree was hibernating and to get the pot in the spring so as not to shock it. Well, guess what, I am buying that pot from them this spring... they now have a LOYAL customer.
3	Yay for local, but nay for awkward feelings. My husband and I loved shopping for plants here until the Groupon came out (sometime last year). We got a couple, but when we used them the owner made off-putting remarks, which made us really uncomfortable for using the Groupons he chose to make available to the public. Since then we haven't returned and recently I decided to update my initial review.I would lower the rating, however, the staff is really friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful.
4	Friendly staff with a lot of knowledge are the best parts about shopping here.  And they also have a huge selections or orchids.  We bought a nice climbing plant for the patio, and admired the orchids, but since we barely keep our day lily alive, we decided against them.They also had some really cool Bonzai trees too which we might come back for
5	Nice Nursery, Fantastic Bonsai!  For Charlotte these are the Bonsai and Orchid Specialists!  You can find Bonsai Works of Living Art!Bonsai: Tools, Wire, Potting Mixture, Containers and  Beautiful Trees in Dishes Ready to go!  Helpful staff too!
5	Next time i need a beautiful plant to admire until i kill it, this is totally the place i'm coming too!We were out exploring the neighborhood this weekend and my man took me here, as he knows that i have a love for beautiful plants......(i just wish i wasn't an accidental serial killer of beautiful green things.....me, green thumb?!?  HA! more like yellow and limp or brown and crunchy!)Anyway, my issues aside, this nursery is great.  They have a great selection of indoor and outdoor plants, seasonal, and whatever else you might want.  they even have cute little bonsi trees and orchids.  (which historically speaking bonsi trees are passed down from generation to generation in some cultures.....my unborn children would probably wonder why i was giving them a stick in some dirt when i die....i suppose the bonsi trees will need to stay where it's safe)Staff is very knowledgeable, and friendly, and prices are very reasonable for the quality product you are getting.  I may not be able to keep things alive, but i know good quality plants when i see them (quality means they don't die as fast in my presence, :D)  If you need beautiful plants, then shop local and shop here!
5	Love Campbell's for their variety, quality, and service! Jesse and his staff are the absolute best. It is THE place to go in Charlotte for quality indoor and outdoor plants.
5	Relatively new to bonzai (I've had mine for about a year), I went to Campbell's with questions on repotting and overall care. I can't say enough for the staff here - so friendly; however, kudos go out to Brad who taught me more in 15 minutes than I could have learned from reading a book on bonzai care or searching thru youtube videos on the topic. Thanks, Brad!
1	Employee here is abrasive even cursing at me.  Not your friendly local owned business. Th
5	We just had an awsome experience today. The staff is great!! I came for a Bosnia tree but the ome I was looking for had sold by the time I got there. The lady at the front directed me to Brad. He is awsome he showed us around and got me set up with a Bosnia that was the style I was looking for. He was cery helpful anf very knowledgeable. Would definitely recommend to anyone and will be back.
