5	My A/C unit went out at my office so, after 2 days of feeling like a sauna, I jumped on Yelp to find a trusted resource.  I called Lynn from Cool Guys A/C.  He was booked until mid June and highly recommended Steve.  Lynn does mostly East Valley and Steve covers all of Phoenix.  I called Steve and he called me back within minutes.  He was polite and offered to come over after I returned from my dinner meeting.  It was 11:00PM at that point so I waited until this morning to call him.  He came over at 5PM, quickly diagnosed the problem which was a fan motor and replaced it within 20 minutes.  Boom!  It's blowing cold air and works perfectly.  The price was reasonable and the service was excellent.  I ended up talking to Steve for about an hour about life, in general.  He's one of the truly honest and genuine people I have met in years.  One of the good guys and we all know they are hard to find.  I'm honored to write the first review of what I hope will be many for Steve on Yelp.  Call him and know you're in good hands.  Steve-best of luck to you!
5	Steve saved me from a 3rd night without AC! I returned from vacation to find my place around 95 with record highs of 108 in the forecast.  After being referred from Lynn at Cool Guys, Steve was able to come out 24 hours after I first called him.  He was very nice and professional. By the time I arrived at home, he had diagnosed the problem. He took the time to explain it to me and was clear on the price. I felt he was trustworthy and wasn't trying to sell me an expensive fix that I didn't need. I would definitely recommend Steve at Visca AC to others.
5	Visca A/C is AWESOME!  They are honest, prompt, professional, and courteous! They turned a nightmare experience (read my review of other A/C company) into such a pleasant one.  And I called several other A/C companies for comparative pricing and Visca A/C was always the lowest price by several hundred dollars.  We used them for A/C repairs on our rental property, and repairs on our own home, and now both A/C's are working great!  They were able to come out right away and even give us a half an hour time frame of when they'd arrive.  (Versus the 5hour slot you get with other companies.) They took time to show us the problem and explain how the parts fit/ affect the rest of the unit. Brandon and Steve are a dynamic team, and just a couple of hard working honest good guys. HIGHLY recommend giving them a call!
5	I was referred to Steve by Lynn from Cool Guys A/C and I'm ever so thankful. Steve was on time, incredibly knowledgeable, and very professional. He took the time to show me what was wrong with our unit and exactly what needed to replaced. His pricing was fair and he was very personable. I hope I don't need Steve's services in the near future, but if I do, I won't hesistate to give him a call again!
5	It got to the point of not being tolerable at my office the other day, so I go to turn on the A/C.  Nothing.  I had recently switched out the old dial thermostat to a digital one a few weeks earlier.  I obviously am not at mechanically inclined as I thought because there was nothing-no fan, no air.  Not good.  I called Steve and he returned my call promptly.  I wasn't able to meet that evening, which he was willing to do if I wanted.  Keep in mind, it was already 7:30PM.  I'm not sure how many people have had A/C problems but, for those of us who have, we appreciate timeliness and good service.  A short turnaround is generally a week.  This is the time of year that people, like me, go to turn on their A/C units and find out they aren't working or need to be serviced before the summer heat.  To say HVAC guys are busy this time of year is an understatement.  That's how I found Steve originally as Lynn from Cool Guys doesn't service my area and was 2 weeks out.  He recommended Steve and I went with him based on that because Lynn highly recommended him.  Keep in mind I used my previous HVAC guy since 1998.   I'm a loyal customer but had been skeptical of my old guy for a few years.  Steve and I both had a full schedule but he came over at my first available opening last night around 7:00PM.  I was running late and let him know.  When I arrived, he was already diligently inspecting the outside unit.  It was in need of a few parts but Steve tried the old ones with me first to make sure we could salvage what could still be used.  This guy is as honest as the day is long.  On top of that, he's polite, considerate and has the utmost integrity while being outstanding at what he does.  He explains thing so you can understand them and goes through each part of the problem so you are aware of what is being done.  No sales pitch or pressure to buy a new unit, parts, etc.  He has always had the right parts with him and they aren't aggressively marked up.  I'm sure if you called around everywhere to price stuff out yourself, you may be able to find some parts the same price, some a few bucks less, and some a lot more.  But, in reality, are you going to dive somewhere to pick the parts up yourself when you are sweating your butt off?  Probably not.  By the time you made the calls and drove their, you would be in the whole with your own time and money.  Getting parts from anyone servicing your house or call is generally going to be a lot more expensive-A LOT.  I've owned the same house since 1997(it was built in 1963), so believe me that I know what I'm talking about.  The fact that Steve doesn't try to make money on parts speaks volumes about his character.  If there was a Yelp award for being a great person, Steve would win it hands down.  The guy is a Saint!  Within 40 minutes, he had fixed and replaced the outside parts and rewired my thermostat inside.  41 minutes and it's blowing cold air!Thanks Steve.  You have serious good Karma coming your way.  If you need anything with your A/C-having a problem, service call, new unit-I'd highly recommend calling Steve.  It's one of the few things in life you will ever being completely happy you did.
4	I'm a very cool & happy customer customer thanks to Visca A/C. After getting the once over by 2 other a/c companies (one was a big name in the valley) I was referred by some one at work to Steve. He evaluated my a/c system and gave an honest estimate without trying to upsell me extra repairs for an additional cost. My evap coil was leaking. As it's only 7 yrs old, it should still be covered under the 10 yr parts warranty, but the SN# was scratched and difficult to read. Steve worked with the distributor to find the SN# and make sure that I didn't incur additional costs.He was not only an affordable option but the first available to make the warranty repair.I would (and have) recommend to a friend without hesitation.
5	After having two not so good experiences with prior AC companies Steve was a breath of fresh and cool air. Very smart and knows his stuff. Came on the day I called.  Fixed the problem and our family is now relaxing in a cool home. Added feature.....he is a great guy!
5	Steve to the rescue!Steve was referred to me by Lynn at Cool Guys. I called Steve and left him a message and he returned my call right away.  He was working on a job in N. Scottsdale. After completing the job he drove all the way out to Goodyear the same morning that I called him.When Steve arrived he was very friendly to my whole family. Steve explained every step of the process of his diagnostic test. My a/c unit ended up needing a new capicitator, he said that my motor was getting worn, however, it was not necessary at this time to replace, which I appreciated. I would recommend you stop looking for a a/c company and call Steve immediately!
4	I work as a distributor for HVAC equipment and have known Steve a long time, I needed some help and Steve came through- got me up and running in no time. He is fair, honest and an all around good guy.
5	I needed an AC inspection for a house I am looking to buy.  After searching YELP and reading through the reviews I decided to reach out to Visca A/C.  I talked to Steve and he scheduled to have someone come out to check the equipment.  The service rep Brandon was on time, friendly, and thorough.  He talked/walked me through the condition of everything and gave me tips and tricks to keep the system in top shape.  I would recommend them to anyone.
5	Steve, did an excellent job.  He was fast, professional and got right to the point.  He had very fair prices and fixed the problem ASAP.  I plan on using him again.
