5	I followed my eyebrow lady ( I can't remember her name :[ ) over from her old place and she is super sweet. Once you come in once you're a regular and they treat you very well. I decided to get a gel manicure (for the first time) and my girl Julie hooked it up. She was really nice, we made some small talk, and she didn't take any shortcuts. We'll see how much damage I can do to these gel nails, although I'm hoping they last as long as people tell me they do. The place is always clean and this is definitely my nail/waxing place.
2	I went here a few weeks ago, because I've just moved to the area.I've made it a purpose to hop around to different nail salons so I can figure out which will be my regular spot.I came in to get a gel manicure, and sat down at a table.  I currently had gel nails on, and needed to get them removed.  The manicurist broke out his clippers and wanted to peel my nails off - as opposed to soaking them off (which I've had done EVERYWHERE else).  I asked him to soak them off instead of peeling, and he got very short with me, telling me that's not what "they practice" because soaking in acetone is "bad for your nails."  I explained to him that peeling the polish off isn't going to help either, as my nail will go with it.  I couldn't win - and after me asking more firmly, he soaked them off.  While he was doing my nails, there was a "new guy" there, and he was explaining to him everything that had to be done.  This, to me is fine - everybody has to learn something at some point.  But it got very strange when the lady getting a manicure behind me was complaining that her neck hurt.  The man doing my nails told the new guy to get up and go massage her neck.  This to me is strange, and not something I've seen in a salon, unless it has been very high-end.Lastly, I was given a massage (on my arms) in-between having my nails removed and reapplied.  For me, this isn't really a normal process, as I enjoy getting the massage at the end of everything!  I asked if he wouldn't mind waiting, and he didn't listen to me.In the end, my nails looked good, and lasted just as long as the rest of mine have... however I won't be going back.  I'm huge on customer service, and don't really feel like getting push back when I'm asking for something and am more than willing to pay for it.
3	Tried out this place for an eyebrow waxing since it was only $8. They have only one ''private'' room towards the back. The lady didn't talk much (which is fine) however her touch/technique was very rough. I'm not sure if she double dips but as she was laying the strip on my face, she kept pushing down on my face to make sure the wax was sticking to the strip.As she was cleaning up with tweezers, she was really scraping my skin and I started twitching hoping she would stop.It's been 2 days and overall my eyebrows look fine but I guess i not a fan really like rough/tough service.
5	I went to this salon for the first time today and absolutely LOVED it. The place was very clean and the technicians were very friendly. I got a Pedicure first: they did a very thorough job, a great multi-step foot and leg massage including oils and hot stones, and I love the color I decided on. Next I got a gel manicure and it was equally as good. My nails look incredible and the prices can't be beat! Just make sure you have cash for a tip; they won't include it on your credit card so I had to walk to Walmart and get cash back.
2	The prices were higher than I'm use to. The finished product was ok, not as great as the girl doing them bragged that they would be. I asked about packages for a wedding party and was impressed with the offer they have. BUT, as I was finishing up and got our my credit card I was asked by the girl (who kept taking calls while doing my nails) if I had cash for the tip. I was thrown off and asked if I couldn't put the tip on my card. She said yes but then she would have to wait for the money. First, the owner should pay out tips the same day that they are charged. Second, OMG beyond unprofessional and rude!!!!!! I have never in my life run into a situation like this. I had to run out to get cash and contimplated not returning, but I'm not like that. She recieved a smaller tip than she would have it I had put in on my card. No I won't return and I'm taking the wedding party elsewhere
2	I went there with a friend for some girl time a few weeks ago, and neither of us were very impressed. Pedicure prices were average, and my pedicure was nice, but when I got ready to do the manicure I felt it was over priced, and I felt like I was being shoved out of the door. I asked for a french manicure with dark purple/gold instead of the standard clear/white, and was basically told that they didn't want to do that. I them asked for gels instead, and the person AGAIN said that they didn't want to. Finally I just got a plain color on my nails. The person left me to dry, never came back, and had someone ELSE come up and tell me that they were done. And that person didn't even say anything other than "You can leave now". It was rather rude, but I chalked it up to a possible language/cultural barrier. My friend got a french manicure, and they put gels on when she didn't *ask* for gels, AND they charged her for it. Her french tips didn't look right either, and my nail polish literally chipped the next day. I could do that myself WITHOUT paying $20 for it!
3	Well i have seen this place many times right on the corner of Southern and Rural Rd.   Yesterday however, it is the first time i have ever stopped in. I was the only one in there. Which seems odd. As it was the middle of the day. However, it was a school day and there are a lot of places to choose from. Everyone was sitting and doing things on the their PC's.One of the girls helped me right away though. i just needed an eye brow waxing. It looked very clean on the main floor. But when we went back to the wax room she had me lie on a massage table that had a well used paper on it. Then she did not wash her hands or use anti bacterial gel either before beginning my waxing.It was very cheap, and the sign said that they only want cash tips, but she allowed me to put my tip for her on the charge. I don't know about the nails ,so i can only comment on the wax. She did do a good job, but the wax was very hot. Which can be very dangerous. Limited parking outside, but it is a good location. Only 3 stars because of cleanliness.
1	Decided to try this place out last Thu.  This is only my 2nd time I've had a gel manicure done.  The last one was 2 wks ago and I needed to have another one done so my nails would look good for my Bday.I had the older man (maybe the owner) do my manicure. He was nice enough but when I got home and put my glasses on, I could see where he wiped off some of the polish near the cuticle edges. Some of them were not even and looked lopsided.  I had one chip on Mon (only lasted 4 days) and my cuticles were very rough and a couple of nails were not filed too well and had sharp edges.It only costs $22 but it didn't last a week!  Maybe the women are better.  If you decide to give them a try, don't get the older guy!
4	I have been to Nail Time a few times, and I choose it mostly because of the convenient location.  The place is definitely clean.  It also lacks that "salon smell" that tends to give people headaches.  Each time I've been there it is with a different size group, and they are accommodating each time to let us sit together, even if it means bringing the manicure station to the pedicure chairs for some multi-tasking.  The employees are all very friendly and talkative.  I tend to get a mani/pedi because the combo is a much better value than either one alone.  The pedicures are very good, thorough, and last.  The manicures are a little more average, but I blame the quick chipping on my own clumsiness.  I haven't tried any of the other salon services yet, not even gel manicures, despite the technician's up-selling attempts.
2	I only went to this nail salon because I was by it and I desperately needed to get my eyebrows waxed. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was no one greeted me or asked me what I needed. After I said, "I just want to get my brows waxed," a man went outside to get a lady who was on her lunch break- I assume. The wax was only $8 which is pretty cheap considering a lot of salons have raised their prices to $10. But the lady was so rough with the way she waxed my brows. She wasn't careful at all. When she was cleaning up with tweezers, it felt like she was jabbing the tweezers into my skin...not cool. My eyebrows look fine and clean but I did not have a pleasant experience at all. I was really iffy about if I even wanted to tip her but I didn't want to be rude so I did. Again, it was convenient and cheap but I don't think I'd ever go back here.
4	I have been here a few times for waxing and for manicures.  I like this place because it has a nice professional clean look and the employees are all (from what I have experienced) friendly.  I had a gel manicure done here and it came out very nice- I would keep coming back here as long as I am up to driving all the way to Tempe from Phoenix for the nail/wax service.
1	Um , fuck no . Everyone on here giving this establishment stellar reviews are dumb as desert cactus middle-aged Caucasian women & hot air balloon headed "LIKE OMG" white girls who attend ASU who have probably been in Arizona or the Phoenix/Scottsdale area all their lives and don't know good service, let alone oversatisfactory .First off, my mother & I haven't even gotten in the Spa chairs yet , as my mother is looking at nail polishes she picks one up and the top isn't on secure therefore spilling all over the floor , her legs/feet, and the sundress she had on , that was Strike 1. Strike 2; my mother had also suffered from a horribly executed pedicure in North Carolina where she is currently stationed for business reasons , and had a dark blue color on her toes. She asked the man to put a bone white color on, thus just a simple polish change. He SAWED off the back on my mother's big toe making it bleed attempting to file it down and then didn't get all the blue nail polish off . So now she has this bone white nail polish with this dingy dark blue undertone. Now this is bad. . .how is your job so shitty that a neighboring technician offers to re-do YOUR job because it's THAT bad ?! Like.....furreal ? Wow .& OH OH ! You think i'm done ? NOPE ! Now on to me .Let's just say what I received strongly insults the term "massage" . She literally rubbed in the lotion and hot stones on my legs as if she went outside the shop and picked up two rocks from the middle of the street . Um....I don't go to nail salons for "lotion rubs" , I can do that myself in the comfort of my own home for free . Then , when I return to the car , we both find basic mistakes on both our toes these "technicians" could have gotten rid of if they really wanted to. I got back to the hotel and perfected my mother's toes and mine with no effort whatsoever and have yet to set foot in anyones' beauty school .It was nothing but the Lord that those two didn't ask to include a tip or give themselves one automatically . I am extremely hotheaded and my temper is known for how lethal it is; therefore that would've resulted in an offensive exhange of words and possible profanity. Don't go here. Don't .
4	This salon has gotten some tough criticism but I cannot complain. Where else can you go and get a manicure/pedicure/eyebrow wax on a Saturday night and the employees will bend over backwards to get you out in a reasonable amount of time.The even stay open past closing.I first went here when another salon said they could not accommodate me. I never have to worry about an appt and I know they appreciate their regular customers and I will not get turned away.The owner does all the waxing to insure consistent quality. I have extremely sensitive skin and this is the least painful I have ever had. If you have to wait for waxing, be patient. These people work extremely hard and there are worst things in life than waiting 2 minutes for your eyebrow wax.Reasonable prices as well. BEST massage chairs. BEST!
5	I got my eyebrows and feet done and I loved it ! It was really convenient for me too. The employees are so funny and talkative. Overall I had a great experience at this salon.
3	I took my sister here last weekend for her birthday, and I was not overjoyed with how our time went. This was my first time going to Nail Time, and I will probably not return. To their credit, their prices are really cheap and the salon looked decently clean. I received a pedicure, and my sister got a full set and I were both helped right away with out having to wait which was shocking for a busy saturday afternoon. My beef with them is their customer service. the gal working on me didn't talk much, which was fine by me but when it was time to pay things got weird. When I tried to explain that I would be paying for my sister (since it was her birthday and all) my technician seemed very confused and maybe a little mad...strange right? then when I asked if I could pay and tip on a credit card she said in very rude tone "what?? you no have cash??" I am typically a VERY generous tipper but this set me off. I ended up paying in cash and tipped each gal 25% but my technician did not seem appreciate AT ALL. never again
4	Terrible nails but by far the best eyebrow waxing ever! She is great- I won't go to anyone else!
3	It's a very nice salon... Clean, nice decor, comfortable chairs, etc.. The techs do a decent job on any kind of simple manicure/pedicure; but if you're the type of girl who likes to play around with fun and different designs, this is not the place for you. Just put the Pinterest inspirations DOWN or walk away. I tried to get fun designs on my toes here at this salon twice and both times I was very unsatisfied. Hard to look down at blobby, uneven "stripes" on your toes for 2 weeks - stripes that look more like something your 6 year old nephew may have been able to do better himself - it's especially hard to feel satisfied when you just paid $40 for that pedicure. Gave it a try 2 times here and never again. If I do come back it will be for those days I'm keeping it conservative with just one simple polish color or French. ...Other than their lack of nail art talent, it's a decent salon.
3	I am from out of town and I needed to get a fill.  The place I wanted to go to was closed, but I was desperate to get my nails fixed.  The lady who did my nails was nice, but she did not do a nice job on my nails.  Some are longer than others, some are thicker than others, and they were filed on a slant and crooked.  Perhaps they did not give me the best service since I came in a half hour before close, but everybody should receive the same service at all times, especially since I called before I came in which they replied that they could fit me in before close.  Overall, it was fine.  I probably will not go back.
4	I was really surprised at all of the bad reviews this salon was receiving! I moved here in January and tried many different nail salons and this was the best one I found by far. The greatest part of this location are the eyebrow waxes. The prices are also amazing. I got a pedicure, a full set, and eyebrow wax for under $50. The only reason I'm not giving five stars is because the decor is okay, and not all the techs are great.
5	Uhh this place is awesome. I feel bad for the people who have had a bad experience here. This has to be my favorite nail salon in the East Valley (so far). I've been coming here for 2 years now and I've never been disappointed. I love how amazing my full sets turn out especially French tip. The eyebrow waxes are phenomenal, I swear. My eyebrow lady is the best, except she is kind of rough sometimes, which is weird because she's so little lol. But anyways, love this place, would definitely would suggest you tell your friends.
1	Go here if you want to redo your toes when you get home :( the people were rude and the pedi I received was not good at all. The lady didn't even apply the top coat to my whole nail and left it chunky.
4	Kim does the BEST eyebrow waxes. I drive 30 min just so she can wax my brows...and it's only $8! All the ladies do a great job on my acrylics, but I didn't give them 5 stars because the guy who works there is incompetent when it comes to nails. I think a 5 year old could do a better job
1	AVOID this place!! I'm very new to the area and only know how to get to walmart and dunkin donuts from my house haha anyway when I saw this salon I figured I'd give it a shot. To be fair, the prices are cheap as hell and posted clearly with a full explanation of what services entail right when you walk in plus (awesome) there were a few clients, it was clean and had a great spa vibe so I went for it. I got a pedicure and a color change on my acrylics. my tech did such a shitty job removing the dry dead gross skin from my heels. Furthermore, this establishment charges you EXTRA to remove the calluses on your feet when you get a pedicure..........im sorry but isn't that the whole point of getting pedi? If I just wanted painted toes I'd do that shit myself at home. so that pissed me off but I added the 'additional' service and when I left the salon and got home my husband rubbed my feet and was able to feel all the rough gross skin still left on my heels!!! What the hell did I even pay for!?Good Lord..the sorry ass color change on my acrylics. I wanted a French and the lady that did it while I was in the pedi chair! she couldn't even wait and give me the courtesy and attention of 10 minutes at an actual table...the lines are sloppy and huge! half of my nail is white and uneven. FINALLY I get up to pay and decide to put the services (33 bucks) on my debit card and tip in cash (guys I tipped EVEN THOUGH I wasn't satisfied) and when I asked to break a 20 for this bitch's tip money she scoffed and said some shit about why wouldn't I just pay cashthat was the last straw for me. so, to sum up this scathing rant...GO ELSEWHERE!
5	My roommate and I made an appointment for 5:45 when they closed at six, and they were kind enough to stay open until 6:30 to finish our nails. The salon was very clean, and our nail techs were nice and efficient. We both got fills on our acrylics and were shocked at the reasonable bill of $15. We will definitely be returning!
1	Requested a gel manicure and regular pedicure. Gel mani came out sloppy and stripped after two days :/
1	It upsets me that this place even has 3 stars. It is terrible! I've been to many other salons in Tempe and this is by far the worst. It is close to my house so I decided to try it out and it was awful. I've read some of the other reviews and am shocked to see that multiple people have ALSO been rudely treated when trying to pay with a card instead of cash. First of all, the man that did my nails was very rude. He kept shoving my hands every which way instead of telling me where to put them. He did a horrible job on my white gel nails which you would think would be fairly easy. They started peeling the next day! One of the ladies had to come over and fix one of my nails that he messed up and she actually ended up making it worse. Then, when I went to pay and told the cashier I would be paying with a card, she rolled her eyes at me and made a comment about people always paying with cards, and then rudely pointed at a sign they had made and basically forced me to tip the man in cash. Never ever going there again! Other than the fact that this place is slightly cheaper than others.. there is nothing good about it! STAY AWAY!!!!!
5	My favorite nail salon! The guy doing my nails, his names Ky and he's sooo freaken funny when you conversate with him!I got my nails gel-ed. Lookin hella cute. I like getting all my fingers one color and then my ring finger a different complimenting color.I don't know why there's bad reviews, if you don't like something, speak up! The workers are so friendly. They would love to help you man.The boss lady does all the waxing and she's a total pro at it. She's the only one who does it in the shop to assure consistency. I love that!Even when there's a wait, they'll still try their hardest to get to you at a reasonable time. Btw they have the hugest selection of gel colors! I spent forever trying to make a decision and Ky was super patient about it. Even cracked a joke over it :D Oh us gals and out indecisiveness... Too many choices.
1	I asked for a pedicure and manicure and instead of telling me they were really busy at the moment and it would be about a 30 minute wait, they had me sit in the pedicure chair thinking someone was going to come do my nails at any moment. I understand they don't want to turn away business but I think it's rude to make your clients think there will be no wait and then they end up waiting 30 minutes soaking their feet in cold gross water. Every single person who works here is extremely rude and will give extreme attitude if you ask them to do anything special or out of the ordinary. When I went to pay, my lady IMMEDIATELY was basically demanding I pay in cash. When I said I didn't have enough to pay the full in cash she honest to god shrieked BUT DO YOU HAVE CASH FOR TIP???!!!! First of all, a tip is EARNED. I also don't appreciate being scolded for not having cash. I used to come here all the time because it is cheap and convenient but I refuse to be treated so horribly AT A NAIL SALON so I would rather take my business someplace else.
1	First time coming here. I was there from 1:15 to 4:30 just for a gel pedi and gel fill. It was insane how long these people took. My pedicure water was boiling hot! Its been half and hour that I left and the polish on my nails is somehow chipped. The gel is runny and sticky. I would not recommend this place to anyone. I do not know how to do nails but I know I could somehow get it done in less than 3 hours. So disappointed.
5	First time here needed to change up salons. Eye browns waxing services $8. Very nice environment. Recommend to ask for Mimi.
1	The people here are rude to their customers, they give you an attitude, they always move you around, instead of sitting in one place.  When paying with a card they throw it back at you! The only good thing about this place is that it is cheap! I would go somewhere else !
2	Loved coming here until today. Pedi was awful rushed when there were no other customers waiting. Came in looking for a color and the lady said she would try it first when I told her I didn't like it she proceeded to apply the clear gel coat and left to the back. She came back as someone else attended to my fill and started talking in Vietnamese with them. No file on pedi nails and no oil lotion massage.
4	This salon is pretty standard. My tech was not chatty, but I don't mind because I'm terrible at small talk. I needed an acrylic fill and new gel color. She listened to what I wanted for the shape of my nails and trimmed them exactly how I wanted. What I really liked was she confirmed the price before painting. She said "if you want glitter it will be $30, is that okay?" At a lot of salons it's like a suspenseful gamble when it comes to the price because they don't mention it till you go to pay. My nails look great and I had no problem paying with my debit card. I did leave a cash tip like everyone else is mentioning, but they have a sign posted very clearly on the front desk stating that they only except their tips in cash. Overall I was satisfied.
5	I stopped in here on a Sunday afternoon and they quickly got me seated. Nice pedi chairs, but the massage on them was a little rough. Lots of color choices. No crazy upsell techniques. The man who did mine spoke great English and was able to help me create the look I wanted. My gel mani looks great and they did NOT make my cuticles bleed. The basic pedi was under $30 and included hot stone massage! $5 extra for callus remover (pretty standard). I made it out of there with a pedi and gel mani without spending more than $50!! Score!!Would highly recommend.
5	I've been coming here since I moved out to Tempe for school. They've got the cheapest gel manicure ($22) I've seen and always polite. I come regularly for my eyebrows as well and I always leave happy. They are also open until 7:30 during the week so I'm always able to come late.
2	I went in got seated right away. First place I've tried since moving to Arizona and I was not satisfied. I brought in a coupon and they did not honor it, my nail designer gave me some lame excuse as to why I couldn't use it. I got a full set in a "Coffin" shape. My left hand looks perfect but it's like he forgot what he was doing on my right hand. I paid for my nails prior to him actually painting them, big mistake. After I paid he slapped on the paint didn't ask if I wanted a design or anything. He didn't even fully paint my nails.Need less to say I will not be returning to this nail shop.
3	I have mixed feelings about Nail Time. I initially loved the convenience, cleanliness, and reasonable prices. Depending on which employee you get, the pedicures are awesome. They give a good massage, using lotion and cooling gel, and the best part is the hot stone afterwards. However, some of their employees can be rude and rush through your appointment.I was there the other day and asked for a gel manicure and they told me to pick a color and that someone would be right with me. I sat there for almost 45 minutes waiting to get my manicure. I asked multiple times how much longer or if there was a better time to come back, and they insisted I was "next". Then I ran into a friend of mine who was already there, I sat next to her and shared my frustration with her, then they immediately found someone to do my manicure after multiple times of me asking. Then, they only did two coats of gel instead of three which they normally do. I had to ask for the third coat. it was a very odd experience and uncharacteristic of this salon.Overall, this salon is streaky. I will continue to give them a few more chances because $23 for a gel manicure and $20 for a pedicure is a great deal, but overall, this salon provides a very inconsistent experience.
