3	I stopped in this Nautica store to try and land some long sleeve fitted dress shirts, but left empty-handed.I'm 6'2", 170 lbs. It is hard to find shirts that don't look too bulky in the middle, but are still long enough in the arms. An ideally fitted shirt for my frame is a 15-15 1/2" in the neck, 34/35 in the arms and trim through the midsection. Nautica, it turns out, has some really nice fitted dress shirts at this store marked down, but they only carry 34/35 in the arms in a 16-16 1/2" in the neck size. Two of the girls there were very helpful trying to find the appropriate size, but after a quick check at the reference book, it turns out they didn't carry what I needed. Three stars for the two young ladies who made an effort to find what I needed, before they finally recommended I shop at Calvin Klein instead.Their recommendation was heeded. Nautica, I'll sail you some other time.
4	My papa loves to bike and come winter season, doing so isn't as pleasant as spring time. With the recent sudden spiral down in temperature, mommy and I decided to invest in a nice warm wind breaker for him.This nautica outlet branch is smaller than that of the south outlet but it is packed with options. Right now, they are on a 60% discount for reversible wind breaker jackets which flip into a warm fur lining. Color options are diverse as well but most of all, they actually had a jacket size for papa who's no more than 5'2. I inquired about a number of styles before checking out and the sales assistants jumped in to help willingly. They offered mommy and I alternative options and we found ourselves settling with this one sophisticated white, blue and red reversible windbreaker. Price was still pretty up there but considering how much of an investment it is, papa will be wearing this for a loooonnnng while.
3	I'm not a huge fan of Nautica but I wanted to find some blankets or pajamas for my dad, so off we went to Nautica. They had some nice sleepwear sets for men, $20 for a shirt and some pajama sets. The mens' pajama pants looked a lot thicker than the women's.Store can get moderately crowded.
