5	Kaze Sushi, took over the sushi reign from Lucky Fish. And I am glad Bobby gave me a call to let me know about their soft opening, before I finished preparing dinner and eat at home.The last minute decision to eat out was well worth it. Even if it meant that I have to eat "leftovers" tomorrow.  But fresh sushi prepared expertly and with care by a chef that is really knowledgable about his ingredients is always a treat.Price is reasonable, especially with their promotion of 50% off on their entire Classic Sushi and Classic Rolls menu, when ordering at least 3 items. I think that requirement is easily accomplished for most people that go out for sushi.Seared Scallops Sushi was my favorite, as searing it helps bring out its mild sweetness and flavor.The salmon and Yellowtail Hamachi were very fresh.  The shrimp tempura in the Tiger Roll was fried to order, so it is still warm and tasty while surrounded by chilled fish and sushi rice.This is definitely the place to go for a sushi snack, especially when you just want to have good sushi without the guilt of not stuffing your self silly to make that AYCE admission fee worthwhile.  Also note this restaurant has just opened for 2 days of soft opening service, so the staff are still getting accustomed to working in the restaurant.  So be kind and patient if service is not yet up to par compared to an established restaurant.Price/Value:  4.5/5  Definitely worth it with the half off selected portion of the sushi and rolls menu.  The rest is still competitively priced.Taste: 4.5/5  Everything we ordered was fresh. But since it is only the 2nd day of soft opening service, the ingredients are also likely to be just 2 days old. Flavor:  4.5/5  Sushi and rolls are not over-sauced, so you can definitely taste the seafood.  That is a plus in my book.Parking:  3/5  Clearly I don't hang out with the cool crowd. As I don't know where everyone is going to in the evening here, but the parking lot is always at 80%+ capacity.  During the day time, it is more like 15% capacity.  Location:  West end of "Chinatown".  On Jones, between Spring Mountain and Desert Inn Rd. It is in the same plaza as China Mama, HK Star, and across the street from 168 Market.  Rounding up for 5 stars.
5	It's so nice place ever. When you are in Las Vegas, you should visit this place. Try grilled calamari and scallop sushi~~~sooooooooo nice.
5	Awesome Japanese food! Great location in the middle of china town, makes it great for a quick healthy bite to eat anytime, or as a dinner and drinks spot for the party nights out near the strip or on Spring Mountain. Our waitress the other night was super friendly and we felt the same vibe from the entire staff. The nigiri was incredible but it was also cool that their menu has so many choices and they also have ramen! I'll be back for more Asahi Drafts and good eating!!
5	This place opened recently and located near HK star and Cravin Cajun. The sushi is always fresh and the staff is very friendly. They have a 50% promotion off nigiri that runs daily which makes it a steal to eat here.  It is pretty obvious that not many people know about this place since it's been pretty empty the last few times we've been there. It's sad for a place this good and I hope more people will give it a try.
5	REALLY cheap REALLY fresh REALLY good! Seriously some of the best quality fish for cheaper than ayce prices. The owner used to be the kitchen manger of the sushi place I work at which is pretty successful so he knows his stuff. Everything is done so deliciously and you get 100 times what you pay for! Love it!
4	We've been on the hunt for a decent, reasonably-priced, neighborhood sushi joint ever since our previous fave, En Sushi, changed ownership and went downhill. I'm happy to report that our search is over.We ordered two of their lunch specials consisting of full-size rainbow and caterpillar rolls with miso soup and salad ($10) and a tonkatsu bento box which included soup, salad, shrimp & veggie tempura, 4-piece California roll, and rice ($10.95). We enjoyed the rolls, although the rainbow roll was a bit light on the fish. The tempura and tonkatsu were nice and crispy. However, the portion size of the tonkatsu was a bit on the small side. Nevertheless, we felt that it was a very good value.Service was friendly and prompt. We were served complimentary cups of hot green tea. The server and the owner both came by to check on us, and our Yelp deal was cheerfully accepted.Next time, we are thinking of trying some of their classic sushi and rolls which are currently 50% off if you order at least 3 items. We are interested in trying their sashimi selections as well.Overall, the food alone rates about 3.5 stars in our book, but the service and value bump it up to a solid 4 stars. We'll gladly return.
5	My friend and I walked in hoping the new place was better, and wow. We were met with hot green tea on a cold night, the decor was much improved and cozy, the waiter was so attentive, the sushi was better than Osaka's by far, and the price was right. I really hope the place keeps up the awesome!
5	We've been back a few more times and the food is still consistent. I guess it's getting a little busier since they're starting to run out of food. They recently started a promo for all you can eat sashimi for $19.95 as long as you sit on the sushi bar and all you can drink for $16.95 I believe.
5	The food and the service was absolutely wonderful! The chef kept the fresh sashimi coming at lightening speed. I asked the owner why he doesn't offer ayce sushi, he said he just wanted to be different than other establishments. Ayce sashimi is perfect for female patrons who don't want to fill up on rice. Interesting, I never thought about it. They also have a female sushi chef as well, very progressive!I highly recommend purchasing the $10 yelp deal and give this diamond in the rough a try. I had the ayce sashimi ($19.95) and a small sake. With the coupon, my total bill was $2 bucks. I'll definitely come back and bring lots of friends with me!
5	Omfg! Lol- such great sushi and sushi deals. The restaurant is really cute and I have a feeling this place will be packed very soon. Sang, the sushi chef, was awesome. The rest of the staff was very hospitable as well. I highly recommend this place for every sushi lover to try!
3	This place lacks decor but I came here for food so here's the food review. I asked for the spider roll, fattie yellow tail nigiri, a cucumber salad, and seared beef. The cucumber salad could use a bit more oomph, perhaps a touch of vinegar? While the softshell crab in the spider roll was good, there was too much rice in the roll. I thoroughly enjoyed the seared beef and the yellow tail nigiri and I will come back for more of these two items.
3	I've been here 2 times and service were great! AYCE sashimi were okay. somehow I felt the fish were too cold. so I ordered a clam miso soup.  I assumed clam miso soup would be clam in the miso soup. there were no seaweed, no tofu in the miso soup! I really like seaweed, so I ask the owner if some seaweed can be added.  He said each house do it differently, so they do not serve seaweed in the soup. oh well. Maybe next when I come back.  Ill just get the grill squid which I thought  was awesome!
4	New limit on specific items (all sushi involving Unagi, etc.) changes the value quotient. Also, on my first visit, the fish was cold and extremely fresh-tasting. On my second visit, the temperature of the fish was less cold, and subsequently less fresh-tasting. This time I did not order seconds :(Still a super-nice hang and the a la carte prices are very reasonable. Can't go wrong with the $5.50 (sale price) Caterpillar Roll! Their friendly service is the best in the business.
5	What an absolute revelation.That description originally applied to just one tasty morsel, but I discovered multiple delights as I explored the special unlimited sashimi menu. I think the original wonder was one piece of uni, and it was easily the best I've ever had. Actually, the second piece was a little bit more of your run of the mill "tastes like hot garbage" sea urchin. Doesn't take away from the creamy savory first piece though.The second revelation: holy mackerel! Really. The mackerel. It might be a little too fishy for some, and it definitely wasn't something I fancied too much at my favorite spot Goyemon, but the mackerel here was so juicy and bursting with flavor that it utterly shocked me. I was gonna offer extra pieces to my friends, but I decided to keep them all for my own tummy.Not to be left out, the amaebi (sweet shrimp) was also the best that I've ever had. Great texture and flavor, not soft at all, and comes presented with the fried heads on the same plate. (Actually, the presentation in general was pretty solid with a mix of fish on julienne radish on each plate.) My next favorite was yellowtail (either best or second best hamachi I've had), followed by the second helping of salmon (didn't get much flavor on the first plate for whatever reason) and the octopus (great texture and flavored with lemon slices). I may be biased because I've never liked tuna, but the tuna was just okay for me.Before I let you go, here's what you need to know: the unlimited sashimi is bar seating only (and there's also an unlimited drinks special, with sake and other goodies). Also, I believe it's only at lunch (11-2), and the owner mentioned that February may be the last month that they offer this special. But if they maintain the overall quality of today's fish, then I might just break from my AYCE ways once in a while.
5	Delicious & great service! Something for everyone. I'm really white and invariably end up with some California roll variation wherever I go.  My companion was very Asian & had items that I shouldn't pronounce for fear of inadvertently offending someone nearby. I tried (most) items she ordered. Everything was excellent! Even the, uh, little octopus thingys. Loved the clear clam soup - best I've ever had! Not too salty & clams were perfect. My California roll was also exceptional...just in case there are others like me who prefer their food doesn't look like it could squirm away at any moment.
5	Talk about hitting the sushi sweepstakes. 1 appetizer4 pieces of sushi2 draft beers2 rolls$28!Yes, I'm serious. And the service? Even better than the prices. Fantastic, kudos, and I'll see you for lunch too.
4	Is it Kah-zay? Or is it Kayze? Who cares? They have great sushi and that's all that matters.Monday, Wednesday and Friday are the days that Kaze receives their fish. So if you want the freshest of the fresh, I advise you to go then! I went on a Monday night. I ordered their albacore. So soft, so good! They have AYCE sashimi but this only applies at the bar. My party and I sat at a table and we tried our best to have the sashimi brought over to us for the AYCE price of $20. They wouldn't budge saying something about how the sushi chefs get confused with the sashimi orders if it's not at the bar. Keep in mind, however, Kaze does not have AYCE sushi. In celebration of their "grand opening", most of their nigiri and rolls are 50% off. Their nigiri quite good. Little rice, seasoned well. Nice cuts of fish. We got the salmon, tuna, seared albacore and yellowtail. All fresh and great quality. We also got the fatty tuna, which is not part of the 50% off deal. At $12 for 2 pieces, the fatty tuna was truly divine. Melted in my mouth. Their rolls don't disappoint, either. My favorites are the Sunkissed and the Garlic Crunch. We also ordered the Philadelphia and the deep fried California. My friend ordered the simple tako (octopus) roll and that was delicious as well. Perhaps the quality of their stuff elevates the taste!For dessert, we ordered the green tea tempura ice cream (I posted a picture of this). They also offer vanilla tempura ice cream. The batter isn't too thick and the size of the dish is enough to share between 3 people. The 'ball' of the tempura ice cream is served on a plate of drizzled chocolate syrup. With the 50% deal going on now, you will leave with a full and happy belly for less than the price of AYCE sushi around town. As long as this deal goes on for a while, I'll be back plenty of times to take full advantage of it.
5	Large roll sizes!  Great prices!   Rolls tasted great.  Miso soup was really good!  Great experience!
4	Why you no do AYCE?!! Not just sashimi... but regular AYCE lol. Came here with a group of friends and ordered a bunch of rolls and 2 ramen. Don't remember the names of the rolls but all were fresh and tasty. The ramen however was a dud. Do not get the ramen. They put in so much bean sprout that it just became bean sprout ramen. Overall I would not come back because I feel like I don't really get the best bang for the buck. If they had AYCE including sides or something like Goyemon then I would definitely choose this place over Goyemon.DO GET: the rolls and appetizersDO NOT GET: the ramen
5	Came here for the 50% off rolls and nigiri and was pleasantly surprised. I was skeptical at first because I tend to dislike rolls (too much rice, not enough fish) but the proportion of rice and fish was perfect. The rolls were also small and bite-sized which I liked as well. The second time I was there, they offered complementary salad or miso soup. I chose the salad and it was typical (but still yummy) of most Japanese eateries. Their fish is very fresh for a Vegas joint. The hot green tea is also free and delicious. Great service and definitely worth the price at this point. I have never been to a sushi place in Vegas with such nice and warm employees.
3	Seeing as Vegas is hundreds of miles from the ocean, Kaze Sushi keeps up the quality you'd expect from a sushi restaurant near the coast. Some of their scrumptious appetizers include the chicken karaage and fried calamari. Both are served piping hot and crispy, as these tender morsels should be. Wouldn't recommend getting their buta kimchi since it's just a cut-up strip of pork belly that's baked on top of kimchi.As for the sushi and entrees, they have the standard nigiri and rolls named after animals, places, or their unique in-house creations. Their selection isn't as extensive as other sushi places, but it's full of fresh and creative rolls. Don't get the roll with kiwi sauce unless you're feeling adventurous. Avoid the ramen too.Unlike some other sushi restaurants, this peculiar place only does AYCE sashimi. The prices are pretty average for a sushi bar, but they have a 50% discount if you order at least three rolls and nigiri. Also, their service was timely, and they even offered to split our checks before we even got started.Maybe it's just me, but I found Kaze to be average and I'd rather go to my regular sushi joints instead. However, it's a pretty good deal if you're in the area and can't eat all that seafood, rice, and nori that you can!
5	So we're pretty much been back here at least 1-2 a week since it opened and everything is still very consistent. Super fresh sushi, very nice service and high quality food. They always try to offer different kinds of fishes and I still haven't had anything bad at this place yet.Only issue I have been having with them is since they've became so much busier they are running out of food much faster now.
2	I was starving and since it was 10 pm my options were limited so I decided to give this place try since it was close by. First of all the place is small and was uninviting.Sat down and was never asked if i wanted anything to drink so I ordered a roll. So finally fed up I asked the sushi chef for some water.My first roll was the Spicy Tuna Crunch Roll it was mediocre at best the tuna was very mushy. Then orderd fried tofu which was ok, and also ordered the yellowtail which was ok, spicy tuna which again mushy and the california roll which was okwaiter gave me the check while I was still eating didnt ask If i wanted anything else (not like I would of ordered anything else after all the dissapoinments) Had to ask for a water refill otherwise they would have dried me out! Left most of what I ordered at the table.I was asked if everything was ok by 4 different people 8 times I dont know if thats good or bad! Didnt feel comfortable,felt rushed and I just wanted to leave.So after all the dissapointments I had to cheer up somehow so I went across the street for a sure thing got some mango crepes which made my night!I would definetley not go there again.
4	So underrated. It must be the LA girl in me, but I.LOVE.THAT. S**T.The prices are jaw-dropping for the quality you get. We came on a Saturday evening only to discover the place was completely empty. Portions are great.Will definitely be coming back for the AYCE sashimi!
5	Right from walking through the door we were blown away by this spot.  The staff was friendly and accommodating (we brought our daughter who is a bit of a picky eater).  The seaweed salad with crab and shrimp appetizer was the best I have had and the good food just kept coming.  The price was very reasonable and all of the 4 rolls that we ordered were half price!  They made a mild Raman soup for our daughter which she loved and the chef came over a few times to make sure everything was to our liking.  Wish we had a place like this close to where we live.
3	I came to see the fuss with this spot. I sat at the bar and wasn't feeling rolls and snacks, but the AYCE sashimi for $19.99 sounded good. Your choices include - salmon, tuna, seared albacore, yellowtail, mackerel, wahoo, squid, octopus and limit 1 order per person on uni, halibut, red snapper, and sweet shrimp. They also do AYCD for $15.99 on sakes and various beers, but I did not partake. I got a bowl of rice to add on and it came hot, I should have probably specified sushi rice so I let it sit until it got to room temperature. Salmon - I normally don't like salmon but this was so fresh and didn't have that gunky fatty flavor about salmon sushi that normally turns me off. Tuna - it was okay level of freshness, a bit irony Seared Albacore - I wasn't a fan, the sauce was kinda bland aside from being sweet when I prefer a bit tangy Yellowtail - acceptable level of freshness.Mackerel - It's vinegary as I like... I don't like how salty it is in some places. Uni - was actually rather fresh and butteryHalibut - Pretty decent.Wahoo - I've actually never had wahoo before...it kinda reminds me of super white (sushi escolar kind) or like ono and was a bit smoky in flavor. Then I found out wahoo is ono which is what "real" super white tuna is. Confusing. Anyways, I rarely see this fish so kinda cool. My one thing about the fish here is the cuts on a lot of the fish were sloppy cut or felt like they were tail end scraps of cutting ala carte nigiri. The tuna was particularly badly cut. Some things were fine, and the salmon was neatly cut but also it's the easiest to do cleanly. After reading Kevin P.s review that once he showed he knew his stuff on sushi the quality got better and more carefully cut, it's kinda shitty to think about. Everyone should get a nice cut and service. The female servers were pretty friendly and filled my drink up fairly decently. Sushi service was friendly but was a bit hard to get. There were two people, but the one in front of me was doing prep and wasn't making eye contact and the other in the front of the U shaped bars was the one taking my orders. Since I wasn't in eye sight, sometimes it took a while for me to get noticed in between orders and when new parties came and got their initial orders, it set back waits. The idea of sashimi sounds good because no rice and such, but it got to be more one noted. At least in ayce sushi, you can break nigiri up with side dishes, rolls, etc. I think next time I'm here I'll try for a la carte or lunch specials instead.
4	The fiance and I went back to Kaze sushi after having a good first experience. We went both times for lunch and received great service each time. We get an authentic Japanese greeting  each time we arrive and I really enjoy that welcome. The atmosphere is standard sushi restaurant style, nothing overly special. On to the food!This place does do the AYCE, but it's only sashimi. At first, I thought that was great because most places don't do the AYCE for their sashimi. The downside however is this doesn't include appetizers or anything else but the sashimi. I wanted to get it, but I also want to try other things. So we skipped the AYCE. Hawaiian Roll - One of the most delicious rolls I've had in a while. It comes with a mango and eel sauce. They were awesome! They mixed really well with the sushi. This will without question be something I order on a regular basis. Sunkissed Roll - This roll was really good as well. The mayo sauce was a bit heavy, but the roll was still good. Cinderella Roll - For this roll it also included a double sauce. It was a kiwi sauce along with an eel sauce. I was a bit disappointed with the kiwi sauce because there wasn't really any flavor of kiwi. The mango sauce had such a pop of fruit flavor and this had none. The roll itself though was an excellent combination. I would probably get this roll again. Salmon Carpaccio - The salmon was incredibly fresh, but it was short lived because the minced garlic was way over-powering. Overall I would be happy to go back to this place. There is a lot to try, the staff is friendly, and they do have a quality product. There might be some issue with sauces, some okay but the others awesome. I would definitely recommend giving this place a shot.
1	So, my bff brought me Kaze sushi as a treat while I was at work.  She got spicy tuna, dynamite roll and the Helllo? Roll   .  Now Kaze is only a 10 min. Trip to where I work.  So first off we noticed they forgot the wasabi and pickled ginger. Well regardless of the elements they forgot I popped a spicy tuna piece in my mouth and I tAsted fishy salty insults upon the name Spicy tuna. It was horrible and the fish did not taste fresh by anymeans. So I think well who can mess up a dynamite roll? I look and some of the onions are charred black, the sauce is horrendous and when I ate it, it was even worse. It was super greasy, and the scallops were way over cooked and tough. The final roll the Hellol roll we really cannot remember the name however it is a california roll with spicy tuna on top and a sliced jalapeno on top.  The fried pieces on the bottom were so oily and greasy and not crunchy or edible. I was grossed out, it has to be some of the worse sushi known to mankind. Typically I stick to Nigiri but there is no way they make good Nigiri when they cannot make simple rolls.  I would not recommend any True Sushi eaters to eat here. Their 50% off is for a reason. If you like old smelly tuna and greasy rolls than this is the place for you. Otherwise BEWARE!
5	Not a huge sushi fanatic, nor do I choose to eat it very often, but I did enjoy my experience here at Kaze Sushi. Nothing went wrong, there was no long wait on a Saturday night, service was great, and everything we ate was wonderful. Love the eel!
4	Kay-ze or Ka-zeh, there is no confusion here.My sister and I went on a sibling date to try this somewhat newly opened sushi restaurant. I had read and heard some mixed reviews but I figured I'd check it out for myself since... well, who can turn down 1/2 off on rolls and nigiri sushi?!We first walked in and was greeted by a man who looked as though he was the owner or the manager. Either way, he was extremely friendly and super duper nice. It was extremely cold in the restaurant so if you get cold easily like me, you might want to bring a hefty jacket--good thing I brought a cardigan just in case.The servers were definitely not as nice as the owner/manager but they were attentive enough, especially for a busy night like tonight so no complaints there. To be honest about the food, I'd give mixed reviews:Yellow tail carpaccio- Oh my, the yellow tail was THICK and went well with the fried onions. It was a good mix of crunch and silky smooth fish. Yum!Garlic calamari- This was fried well and there sure was more than enough for two people but it wasn't served with a sauce so I thought it was kinda lackluster. And I don't know if I'd include the "garlic" with its name since I didn't really get a noticeable garlic flavor.Sunkissed roll- This roll was... alright. I don't really recall what was on it besides the mayo sauce because I remember dipping my garlic calamari in it. This roll was pretty bland and definitely not what I expected. Cinderella roll- This was my favorite roll of the night. It has yummy salmon and shrimp on top with some cream cheese in the middle. I usually don't like rolls with cream cheese because lots of places like to put LOTS of cream cheese for the relatively small size of the rolls but they really hit it on point. Snow White roll- I don't remember what type of fish it was but I remember it to be very yummy :) It is served with ponzu sauce which I don't really like because it's often too sour but I surprising enjoyed this roll more than I thought I would. Spicy Tuna roll- I don't know if I'd say that it was the best tasting spicy tuna roll but I must say that it was extremely tuna-centered and was covered by a thin layer of rice. This is where it gets good- nigiri sushi of yellow tail, salmon, and uni. I'D TOTALLY GO BACK JUST FOR THESE BABIES. The rice is in a tiny ball underneath a thick, mouthwatering slice of fish. I have never had nigiri like this, with a fabulous portion of fish and a small portion of rice so I don't have to fill my stomach with unnecessary ingredients. Overall, I'd definitely go back to have more of that delicious nigiri and perhaps to try the numerous other rolls they have to offer.
5	This place is awesome.  All you can eat sashimi for $21 and it's SUPER fresh.  The rolls are creative and tasty and most are 50% off all day, every day.  They only opened 4 months ago so there's a chance these specials may change, but for now I plan to go often because the food was amazing!  The husband ranked it up there with Nobu and Sen of Japan.  I don't know about that, but it was definitely great, top 5 places I've ever had sushi for sure.
3	The all you can eat sashmi is good.  However they really need to do a AYCE sushi as well. Straight fish gets old after a while.
4	Place is very good they are offering a special 50% off of all sushi and we sure did ordered a lot of food because of that.  I loved the dynamite sushi, spider roll, dragon rolls. the quality was very good even for 50% off. The waiter was impressed how much we ordered. we had the tempura ice cream which is great.  It was very good and awesome liked it a lot.
5	I've had Kaze sushi bookmarked for a while but I just hadn't had a chance to try it.. So when I found out that the last day for AYCE sashimi ($21.95) was this past weekend I just knew I had to go! My girlfran and I try to do a sushi/sake catch up dinner at least once a month so I told her to meet me here! We went on a Friday night around 9:30 and it wasn't too busy. We were immediately greeted by the friendly sushi chefs and picked our spots at the bar.. The place is very clean looking but they were having plumbing issues so both restrooms were out of order the whole time haha  We both got the AYCE sashimi and were pleasantly surprised at how fresh it all was! We tried the sake, maguro, uni, amaebi, ika, wahoo, hirame & Hamachi, seared albacore & snapper.. The stand out of the night was the amaebi (sweet shrimp) they didn't give us those skimpy small little things most places give.. They gave us fresh, plump, legit pieces of shrimp.. complete with the fried heads ;ppp Before I ordered I asked the chef to make the cuts thin for us and he definitely listened to my request! I don't know if we did the AYCD or if we just ordered bottle by bottle because we drank A LOT and the sushi chefs drank a lot with us too.. but the price for their large house hot sake is only $2.95! They even hooked it up with Sake Bombs & a baked salmon dish mmmmM the perks of being a woman haha I'm so sad that they have discontinued their AYCE sashimi special but I will still be going back for their fresh fish & AWESOMELY AMAZING service!!!HOT TIP: Ask what their specials are for the day.. They had a good bottle of sake on special for $19 when we went and the manager also said they are going to come up with a new special to replace their AYCE sashimi one ;]]]
5	Have to say, this is one of the BEST sushi places in vegas!! They have some amazing rolls!!! EVERYTHING you order is more than just fresh, its delightfully fresh! The staff is wonderful and very friendly, they greet you the minute you walk in!! and the atmosphere is relaxing. The prices are so worth it! and you really feel good leaving this place. I've been here about 8 times so far, and every time its always great! Love it!! Keep it up guys!!
5	Thank god Sushi House Goyemon's wait was an hour long or else we would not have discovered this!The big sign that says 50% off rolls + sushi lured us in.We got seated at the bar upon arrival. The waitress was very attentive, answered all my questions, and made sure that our cup of water was NEVER nearing empty.And since all the rolls + sushi was 50% off, I CAN DINE LIKE A KING!!I ordered a california roll (big portions + very well made), fatty tuna (very fresh!), large roll which consisted of shrimp, tamago, imitation crab and cucumber (HUGEE portion. surprisingly good even though it's something I usually won't order), ikura sushi (given free because the sushi chef made a mistake but it also was very fresh and vibrant orange), and salmon roll (i suggest putting in avocado instead of cucumber but the fish itself was very fresh).The sushi chefs are both from SoCal and moved to Vegas for this restaurant. I don't know about you but I love just watching an expert doing their craft. They churned out rolls and sashimi slices flawlessly as they kept up conversation with their customers. My friends and I were very satisfied with our meal. This restaurant is worth venturing out of the strip for if you're looking to save some money while enjoying your food :)
3	My friend and I decided to check this place out because of the positive reviews from some of my friends.  It was really slow when we got here so we got two good seats at the sushi bar.  The service is good, from both the chefs and the server.  We ordered the baked mussels, which were yummy.  These were perfectly cooked and flavored.Next we ordered salmon, yellowtail and tuna nigiri.  These didn't taste as fresh as I had hoped.  Usually my favorite is salmon, and this time around, the only one I really liked was the tuna.  The yellowtail did not taste good and my friend wouldn't even eat his piece.We also ordered the Tiger Roll.  This was decent, but I didn't like the eel sauce drizzled over it.  Next time, I would order it sans sauce.  Next up came the dynamite roll, which was just okay, and then the sweet shrimp sushi.  I had never had this before and thought I'd give it a try since my Asian friends love it so much.  I liked my sweet shrimp sushi, but my friend commented that it had too slimy of a texture for him.  We both got the fried shrimp heads, which I was tentative to eat at first, but after one bite, I realized it didn't taste like anything but deep fried and salty.  The service is really great, and it really is so inexpensive, but the food overall was just okay.
4	After a long day at work, my friend and I came in hopes of drowning the day in sushi. We found out that they are one of the few places in this town that does not do all you can eat. On top of that, they just finished with an all you can eat sushi promotion. What?!?!Oh well. We still sat down and looked at the menu. To our surprise, everything is affordable. Instead of doing AYCE, they have half off most items as long as you order two or more items. Okay! We were hungry anyways. Five rolls was all it took to get us to a comfortable stage. Maybe I shouldn't be doing AYCE anymore. I always feel like I need to gorge myself. Here I was happy. The hellol roll was our favorite. It is a 9-1-1 roll on crack. The spice creeps up on you and just lingers. It was so good that we ended up ordering another one. The other rolls were decent. I don't like cream cheese to begin with. When they use it, it over powers everything else. There was just too much of it.The service is good. The place was relatively empty. The servers were non intrusive.
5	Really yummy sushi. Great prices, good quality, and unique flavor combinations. I love the Hawaiian Roll with Their homemade strawberry and kiwi sauce. Honestly, everything I ate here tasted delicious. And that's saying a lot from a Girl who's favorite food is Japanese food and sushi from Hawaii. You won't regret it!
5	What a treasure! We came here by accident and I have found my new favorite sushi spot on the west side!  The fish was very fresh and the rolls were sooooo tasty and creative.  Don't let the low price fool you, these are hearty rolls that aren't loaded with rice.  Our waitress was very friendly and accommodating. The restaurant was extremely clean and so were the bathrooms. (Something that I have noticed other places neglect."
5	50% off, all day, everyday.! Awesome place for delicious sushi at an unbeatable price. They just added more menu items that totally knocked our socks off! Friendly staff who provide a chorus for hello and goodbye. Very clean, great, modern atmosphere. We've been here a half dozen times, and plan on continue coming frequently.
4	This is probably one of the best sushi places I've been to in Vegas that is off the strip.There were no lines, it was not busy so the servers were very attentive & the service was great. Since this was my first time there, the server kindly explained to me their specials and their recommended dishes. The quality of the sushi was really good. The cut of the fish was not thin and not small like the other restaurants that I've been to...And best of all they do 1/2 off nigiris & rolls. So you get your monies worth for sure!!I ordered the tiger roll and these usually cost $10-15 depending on the restaurant; the original price here was $10 but since it was half off, I got it for $5 and it was a FULL roll; with 8 pieces. I also ordered the amaebi (sweet shrimp) and I'm very picky about this nigiri. But this sushi was amazing. Two large shrimps and it was delicious!My friend ordered a few orders of salmon & hamachi. Both were great, nice & fatty.This will be my new go-to sushi place in Vegas!
3	I have been here several times because I work near this sushi restaurant and they have 50% off rolls.  I ate here couple times before work because I was hungry.The first time i tried this restaurant, I was with my sister to try their unlimited sashimi.  The fish were a little warm for sashimi, and very thick cuts!  I don't know about sushi or sashimi very well, but I know I don't like thick cuts... The fish change flavors in the mouth because I have to chew a little longer...  I would have preferred them if they slice it up a little thinner.  Also, colder fish would have been better too... I like feeling cold fish on my tongue.. not something room temp or whatnot.  FYI, I am not a sushi expert... these are all my opinions based on previous experiences with eating raw fish. So maybe they were served perfectly, I just didn't like them.Their rolls are 50% off during certain hours.  I cannot remember when and which time slots.  I think during the weekdays...  I once ordered a rainbow roll (reg. $11) but paid half ($5.50).  If I can recall correctly, I think that day was Wednesday at 6pm. It was okay.  I only ate 4 rolls and the top part of the roll for the rest.  I also ordered their small house hot sake once.  It is the worst sake I have ever had.  I can understand why they only charge $1.95 for it.  If you don't really care for the taste, then  go for it because it is definitely cheap and get you drunk if you drink enough of it.  However, I know I will never want to drink it again even if I really want to drink and that's the only alcoholic beverage available.  It is that bad.I think I will go back there to eat cheaply before work if I am hungry... but I don't think I will go there with someone else to enjoy the food.  Service-wise, the staff and sushi-men are attentive, nice and friendly.  But I wouldn't say it was the best service.  Decent.
5	Dear God!  I'm literally kicking myself for not trying this newly owned sushi place earlier!  I'm sure you all remember Lucky Fish and the few other owners this place was under.  With the high turnover I was skeptical, but last night I was so wonderfully surprised.  Sashimi:  Thick cut, very fresh, fatty, the yellowtail pieces almost taste like Toro.Nigiri: big cut with small amount of rice underneath, very freshSushi:  Same thing!  tasty and very fresh!Price:  50% off on most of the sushi items.  Sashimi plate, 2 rolls and 4 nigiri cost $45 (exclude tip)I was tempted to keep this little gem a secret but the place was pretty empty on a Thursday night so I figured I'll spread the word to keep this place open!I'm a frequent visitor to Sushi fever, Ojah and Goyemon.  Kaze kicks all their asses!  At least for now...
5	50% off classic sushi and rolls AND some of their specialty rolls all day =)  What is not to like about this place?!  Okay, so I did notice a sign on the door stating they would be doing dinner only soon....and they don't have an AYCE option, but those are probably the only cons for this place.  The sashimi was so incredibly fresh! I was actually surprised.  Generally, yellowtail is a little sketchy for me since it always has a slight fishy taste....but the yellowtail was so fresh here we had to ask what it was to make sure we were eating the correct item.  The sashimi platter we ordered was quite generous, with thick cuts of fish.  The nigiri was equally as generous to us and not disguised by a big clump of rice.  The rolls were really large and well prepared and presented nicely.  Lol...perhaps I'm crazy but even the ginger tasted better here.... The service is attentive, I never felt like I had to flag someone down to refill my water.  If you are trying to get away from the AYCE mentality and just want a lighter meal that's at discounted prices without compromising quality....come here!
5	Realllllly wish I had known about Kaze sooner because their 50% off sushi ends on Saturday, June 22nd. That's where you'll find me this Saturday!  The sushi here is fresh and the rolls are unique. They don't serve edamame (or maybe it was just that one time), which is a little strange to me, but nonetheless the food we received was delicious. After this Saturday, they will have the "All you can eat" option for those of us sushi lovers.Currently 50% off on most of the sushi items (everything aside from the Chef Specials).  6 rolls + 2 diet cokes cost us $43 (minus tip) - not bad! I have been to Sushi Fever, Sushi Bomb, Tokyo Sushi, Sushi on Rainbow, and Tokyoto Sushi - some more than others - and I have to say Kaze took the cake this time.
4	Good quality sushi for very reasonable price. They just started their AYCE for $25.95. We went on a Friday at 7 pm and there were very few people in the restaurant. Service was polite and attentive. The only complaint I have is that they sold out of a number of items like Spanish mackerel, red snapper, giant scallop, etc.
5	THE BEST SUSHI PLACE IN VEGAS...Where do I start.... Sushi chefs are excellent, service was awesome, and the owner Young is outstanding.And the sushi.... wow. You can't get any fresher fish than here at Kaze. We went for AYCE and every piece of fish was superb. Kaze uses the best fish... I don't know how they are making business using the best quality fish while having low prices. The salmon literally melts in your mouth, tuna is high quality, ikura and uni.... the best ive ever had. The sunkissed and cinderella roll were both really good.. as well as appetizers fire cracker, kubota kimchi, poke tuna, and grilled calamari.If you haven't checked out Kaze yet, I strongly recommend you to. Once you do, you won't be able to go back to the medium-grade sushi places that populate Vegas. The quality here at Kaze rivals the quality of fine dining sushi places, and in my opinion, tops it. Combined with low prices, it's no wonder I've been able to make Kaze my regular sushi place without hesitation.
4	Great food, esp. for 50% off
4	Adrift without a fav sushi bar, last place belonged to ex-BF.  Yelped around & decided on Kaze.  Absolutely delectable from start to finish.  Full two sided menu of dinner AYCE options for $25.95 , with a $1 draft beer AYCE special this month.  Broiled mussels were delish, not drowned in sauce.  We had doubles of the salmon and yellowtail, cut fresh off the fish & buttery rich tasting.  Double crab roll, plum bomb roll were irresistible & engineering works of art.   We even tried the grilled bacon wrapped dates, calling it our dessert (although they also offered real desserts--by then way too full).  Chefs & staff friendly.  My friend M, who is the female version of Man vs Food when it comes to sushi, said we'd be back in a month after we lose the pounds we gained tonight.
4	Excellent - one of the best AYCE places in town right now.I really enjoyed the Sizzling Beef and Kurobuta Sausage appetizers, along with the Wahoo and Striped Bass nigiri.One very unique item that I haven't seen anywhere else are bacon-wrapped dates; while I wasn't personally a fan, I like seeing items like that :)
2	Am I being biased on my 2 star rating JUST because I got a soda, water and seafood salad? Nah, I don't think so. Service went down the drain. Seriously.It was my friend's birthday. The tables were separated into two. One with AYCE sushi and other...the non fatty people. I was on the non-fatty side. The was only ONE server. Yup, just one.Waited for my lemonade and that took a long while. For the food, the seafood salad is aiggghhtt. Nothing special about it.Maybe I should try the AYCE here and my perception will change?
4	AYCE has come to Kaze Sushi since their initial opening.  The AYCE menu is smaller than Goyemon/Sushi Mon, but is also a little different.  They have grilled/skewered meat items, such as chicken gizzards, soft shell shrimp, bacon wrapped dates, etc on their AYCE menu that sets them apart from other places.  The sushi selection isn't as big as I would like (i.e. no snow crab or white tuna), but the salmon and yellowtail nigiri were buttery good.  They have some random fishes that I haven't seen elsewhere such as wahoo and striped bass.  I don't really eat rolls, so that part of the AYCE menu was overlooked by me.  The price is the same as all other AYCE.  While I still prefer Goyemon, what I don't prefer is the wait time and service there....so for attentive and quick service, I'd pick Kaze.
5	Great food! Their fish tastes so fresh, and they give little rice and thick pieces of fish. The soft-shelled shrimp is my favorite, since most places stopped serving soft-shelled crab, that's their substitute. The service is great too, because they were out of tako wasabi, the waitress said she'd make it up to us next time. I like how they keep my boyfriend and I coming back.The only dislike I have is their hours, but that's just me because I usually crave sushi for lunch. I wish they still had their unlimited sashimi! I can't believe I missed that.
4	**UPDATE**Am I being biased on my 4 star rating JUST cause I ordered almost everything on their AYCE menu? Nah. It is THAT good. Service is good. We had three servers. I think we had three or four... our five. It was a slow Sunday night.Yes, my perception has changed. The must try here are their appetizers. Yeah, I don't eat rolls much. I'm all for nigiris and appetizers.MY TOP PICKS:Nigiris: spicy albacore.Appetizer: miso soup with shrimp head (amazeballs), and chicken heartThere are other rolls, but what I mentioned above is totally, totally simple to make but totally delicious.Would come back here. Apparently they have AYCE Sashimi and 50% off on rolls? OMG, where have you been Kaze?!
4	I think I have found my go to AYCE sushi plan B when Goyemon looks like Penn Station during rush hour.  There's A LOT to like about Kaze Sushi!  Here's just a few things:  - Doesn't seem like it gets very crowded often so seating is immediate- 3 TV's to watch games while eating as opposed to Goyemon's lonely one behind the sushi bar- A few unique offerings like chicken heart yakitori.  I really like chicken hearts a lot so I had multiple skewers and they were terrific.  - They also steam their shumai, gyoza and other dumplings legitimately unlike others just nuking them or whatever the heck they do.The service was very good.  Along with tending to unfilled drinks and empty plates expeditiously, they were also nice enough to change the channel for me since no one else was watching what was on.  Some Japanese may not be down since it's Korean run but that doesn't bother me.  It would be nice if they stayed open later than 11pm but that's not a big deal.  All the fish I had was great and I will be back!
4	I like this place very much, They are very accommodating, very good sushi as well as other dishes. have eaten there 3 times and had been happy every time.
