4	Tremont is your hardcore/metal/emo/indie cement hole of a hotspot.  This place caters to the metal crowd as well as the high school emo kids.  The ticket prices are usually cheap, and they recently updated their bar to include liquor.  This place is typically full of regulars, be they slutty 15 year olds in black makeup (male or female) or 300 lbs ICP fans.  Tremont annually hosts groups like GWAR and the Insane Clown Possie, but they pride themselve on offering a good selection of local acts.  I love to go for people watching and that great dive bar feel, but they occasionally have some awesome acts like the Roots.  Oh, and flirting with the male bartenders can get you everywhere.
3	I would say this is the junior version of DC's legendary 9:30 club. Not particularly the largest venue so you can expect an intimate setting. Let me just warn you that the crowd is quite young... as in there will be few of voting age there. Nevertheless, it is a fun place to go. I've caught a couple indie acts here with a couple of friends and it was great because the crowd is significantly smaller.
5	Tremont gets 5 stars for nostalgia sake  alone. I was here about a year 1/2 ago seeing a show and it really wasn't that much different than when I used to hang around ten years ago. It did kinda feel like that line in Dazed and Confused though. Tremont definitely draws a young crowd.Busted couches everywhere.
4	I have visited Tremont on several occasions for both small and large sets, and have been pleased overall.  It looks like an old warehouse turned music venue, but have done some nice things with it.  Naturally, the bathroom facilities are small and fairly disgusting.  Ticket prices are usually fair (depending on the show).  Security does a good job of being attentive and keeping people safe, but still allow for people to have fun.  If a band you like it playing here, I'd recommend checking it out.
4	I used come here all of the time back in high school to see rock acts.  The atmosphere is very grungy and black, and the staff is really great.  Not much has really changed to this establishment since I came here years ago, but it still works.  Like everyone else has mentioned, I kind of feel out of place there now, because all of the rockers are like sixteen.  Someone mentioned that Security does a good job at keeping people safe, this might be true sometimes, but when I saw Danzig here they were right in the pit throwing bows.  A fun time though.
5	Only been here three or four times.  Saw the Offspring here in 97.  Great show.  The place was like a warehouse with puke stained couches and bars everywhere.  I took my buddies home bc they were too drunk to drive and then I got a dwi on the way home.  Go figure.  Expensive concert.  I don't drink now but look forward to my next visit to Tremont.
3	I've been to several shows here and every time I think back my nose just wrinkles up in rememberance of the smell this place emanates. However, I have to say it holds a lot of fond memories for me. Now that I'm older I can't ever make it to a show anymore. Mainly because all the shows are geared towards teeny-boppers who have a 10 o'clock curfew. For those of use who bartend or damn-it don't want to wait in a line before the sun goes down - it's not the best schedule to offer. And why do I feel like I'm corrupting someone by having a beer at one of these shows? And from what I remember they don't have liquor so I can't really corrupt someone by doing some raunchy sounding shot if I wanted to. 3 stars mainly for the fond memories I have - otherwise it's two.
4	I have played many shows here and seen even more. Place needs an update with sound and the overall warehouse look.Really it is the only place to go to see great shows in Charlotte.
3	Kinda ghetto and not really much music in my genre's lately.  If you like a specific band, go, if not go elsewhere.
5	Great prices!  Friendly Staff!  Quality Bands!If you like great music, supporting local venues, and a laid back bar-substitute, the Tremont is your place. I wanted to checkout local music and went to my first show there in May to see Abandon Kansas and Farewell Flight.  Loved the feel of the venue. Great character.  No, it's not pretty and sparkly, but you were right there jammin with the band, hanging out, enjoying the art of quality music for a good price. Staff is incredibly friendly and you can tell they care about the place. Depending on the kind of music you prefer, they do seem to bring in a great variety of bands. Awesome place for live music. check it out.
5	The Tremont is a great music venue in Charlotte.  The night I went I saw Priestess and High On Fire.  They have a great bar with attentive bar tenders and an overall great place to see live music.
4	Finally made it to tremont, and I have to say I am looking forward to returning. (Though the bands they usually have playing aren't really my thing)The staff was friendly and no-nonsense (always refreshing to see a woman manhandle a drunk out the door), the drinks were cheap (my $6 whiskey definitely stood out in the sea of pbr tallboys), and the music was good. Plus, you can only appreciate a venue that makes sure the ladies room has both toilet paper and and paper towels all night. However, beware the dirt parking lot. That thing has some serious pot holes and dips that are waiting to take someone out. I was very thankful for the truck parked on the hill with its high beams shining into the lot so we could make it to our cars in one piece. The people I went with were making comments on a renovation since the last time they were there, I don't know how long it had been but apparently some changes have been made.
5	This is a cool place.  There are two stages (larger stage and smaller stage) and I've seen numerous bands at both stages including regional and national touring acts, major and independent label bands.  When these acts tour through NC, you can bet they'll play at Tremont.The ticket prices are fair and the atmosphere is cool.  It's a renovated warehouse and you can tell.  The sound system and lights are both great quality and the stages aren't so tall you break your neck staring at the band's feet.  The small stage is not far off the ground and the main stage is a little higher but till not that bad.  The people that work there are friendly but don't take any nonsense.  The music is typically geared toward the rock genres so the people get crazy and this venue won't stand for idiocy.  I'm appreciative for that.  If you hear of a band you like playing at Tremont, GO!  You won't be disappointed.
2	Surprisingly back in my college days, I was here a lot supporting indie bands. At the time, the darkness & griminess of the place didn't bother me; not to mention the sketchy area.  However, now I'm older & more conscious of my surroundings. In my opinion place could sure use a makeover.The pros are: good sound, two stage areas / rooms. Staff is no-nonsense (like the other reviewers said).The cons: dark, dirty, bar area is small, parking lot needs improving (pave it?), bathrooms are unkept.Yes, I know it's an old warehouse & yes, I know how expensive it would be to remodel. If a band / group comes through that I really like, of course I'll be there to support them. I'll set aside my 'music venue snobbery' to go. :D
2	I drove down from Virginia for the Children of Bodom 15th Anniversary Tour (with Eluveitie) show on Sat. 1/28/12.  Although I had a great time, I wasn't very impressed with the venue.My biggest issue with the performance space was that it has poor sightlines and only average acoustics.  The way the speakers and the black scrims in front of them are set up you can only see the full width of the stage from a narrow cone in front.  Elsewhere in the house (which has a few columns supporting the roof in it) your view of as much as half the stage is blocked.  Like I said, the acoustics weren't terrible but where nothing to write home about - and whoever was working their sound board did a terrible job.Other than that, the bathroom situation was on the grungy side of average, and the only food at the bar was chips and candy.  I'm not used to that, what with Virginia making any place with a bar also serve food.  There was a hotdog cart outside with the smoking section, though, which I thought was cool.I thought the staff was kind of weird about the rules.  I had one guy tell me "no electronic devices" and saw another tell a lady to put her cell phone camera away during the CoB set - never mind that there were a half dozen other people doing the same thing within 20 feet of her.  Toss in crowd surfing throughout the Eluveitie and CoB sets without the bouncers batting an eye and I just can't figure them out.One other thing... parking situation did not impress.  It's a waterlogged gravel lot across the street and they make you pay $5, which they take right at the entrance so there's room for at most one car to pull in off the street leaving everybody else to block the street or the intersection that's right there.  Actually got kind of dicey for me going in with people waiting to get in and other people driving around them.
4	Growing up listening to punk rock and going to some of the dingiest venues I'm quite partial to Tremont. It's a pretty large venue that has two rooms. They open them both up for really big shows but mostly just use the main room.The bartenders are rather good a keeping a drink in your hand and manage a full bar rather well. The bathrooms are a little dismal but what do you expect at a punk rock venue.There is plenty of room inside and outside. Also, they have pinball games, Starwars pinball no less. All and all you can catch a good show and really enjoy it and just relax and be happy. I'll definitely be going back here.
3	Freaking love Tremont. Been to many a show at this joint. They've made some changes over the years and moved most of the shows to the smaller stage on the left upon entering. Not too jazzed about the quality of the sound, but it'll do. This place is super old and it shows. Take one look at the ceiling, or anything for that matter, and you'll see how many years this place has put in. Not dangerous but perhaps a little dirty. Those concerned with cleanliness, bring a bottle of hand sanitizer....or three. They do dodgeball in the summer! I think it's on Tuesdays and it's ridiculous. They've done this in the past but may not anymore. Not too sure and haven't seen any news on this from their site. Only been a handful of times but always fun. This place has been booking some odd shows lately, too. Not much in my range of taste but I hope they are getting some good business. Also, parking has always been an issue for this place. You can park behind the venue or across but they started charging $5 even for the smaller shows. I was a little taken back by this. I still love this place. Many memories and they still do a good job booking some good shows throughout the months.
3	I used to go here all the time to see bands when I was in College...This is a pretty large venue in comparison to others I've been too - two rooms - they mostly use the big main room but have been to a few concerts in the smaller room.Like most people said the people that work there are normally really great - service at the bar is great.The bathroom is like a bomb went off in it - hold it...that is all i have to say.Lots of good standing room - and they have a couple bleacher areas in the back for those not into jumping around with the crowd.Parking is close but gravel - but doesnt really bother me too much. It is in a shittttttty part of town - so I'm always worried about my car getting broken into, although that has never happened.Overall - if a band I'm into goes there...I'm definitely going to hit this place up - but I'd rather go elsewhere.
2	This venue has never been a cool venue.  It's a really awkward venue.  There is ONE door way leading in/out of hte main music hall so between bands if you have to really take a leak, you better be good at holding it because it'll take damn near 10 minutes just to get out of the main room and then another 10 minutes in line at the men's room.  The sound in the room is actually not that bad but the layout is really shitty.  if this is the ONLY place your fave band is playing, by all means go but I would never go to this venue randomly to see a show.
1	Tremont is alright as far a grungy music halls go (the cheap beer helps), but the sound quality was horrendous and detracted everything from the experience. The speakers were distorted and sounded like they were shot and everything was just loud. My ears are still ringing 16 hours after the show. I like several of the band that played but they all sound awful on this stage... Avoid this place, but if you go, make sure to bring your earplugs so you can continue to enjoy music after the concert...
