3	David C is like the Downtown Glendale Crusader! After a few years of dinners at Zang's Asian Bistro (also owned by David), he has opened Zing...right around the corner. Meant to be a "hang", the menu is bar-food oriented, tasty small dishes with Asian and American foods represented. There is a small (12-15 seats) bar in the front of the building, with booths lining the wall all the way to the back patio (which I'm told can be set up to seat 40). We were the only customers on a Sunday night (remember-DOWNTOWN GLENDALE!). The bartender/cook greeted us warmly and quickly took our drink and appetizer order. My margarita was OK, totally passable for a non-Mexican place.We ordered the Trio of Dipping sauces (Spinach Artichoke, a flavored Hummus and a red pesto), with fried tortilla chips and pita bread. I enjoyed the spinach artichoke dip, although it was really more creamy than I'm used to and I could just feel my arteries clogging up. The hummus was quite tasty, and I found the red pesto a bit sweet for my liking. Hubby ate all of the red pesto and we left most of the hummus, mostly because we ran out of chips and our main dishes arrived.I had a small bowl of Chicken, Mac & Cheese. It was very tasty, nice and cheesy, just the way I like it. The chicken was tender and in small pieces, so it didn't interfere with the noodle size (that's important to a Mac n Cheese fanatic!)Hubby had the pork sliders, which he declared tasty. I had a small bite and the pulled pork was very nicely seasoned and tender as well. The three sliders looked pretty big to me, but he was able to eat them all. Some pickles on the plate would be a nice touch, and hubby also insists that a nice spicy mustard on the side would be a welcome addition. There were a few red onions on the sliders, but more would be even better!We weren't offered dessert, so don't know if they have any. "ZING" bomber table tents are everywhere, so I'd love to hear how those (and their other speciality drinks) taste. Bottom line...DOWNTOWN GLENDALE could use a nice bar for after work to grab a drink and a quick bite. ZING could totally fit that bill. I wouldn't call it a dinner destination for most, unless you're of the "tapas" for dinner type (which we are), but the "bites" are tasty and the bar looks well stocked and ready for your every order! If you need a bigger dinner, I suggest you go around the corner to Zang's Asian Bistro and order the Chicken with Apricot sauce, which I love.
4	Glad to see zing opened in downtown Glendale . Have been there twice and have had the same thing, and only because I am a sucker for a good burger. And the burgers are really good!!!! I can't wait to try breakfast. Zing is a welcomed addition to the downtown area.
5	Every now and then I obsess over certain things- food, shoes, clothing, songs, etc...  and now I'm totally obsessed with the cheese fries at the NEW Zing's!  I don't usually like real cheese on my fries, but the wonderful lady chef thoughtfully perfected the cheese by melting real cheddar into their awesome mac n cheese sauce.  So it's very flavorful and actually quite dangerously good.  And did I mention they're just $3? Love, love, love!
4	Great little place in downtown Glendale.  Nice service and atmosphere.  A little different take on the menu, it list the type of sandwiches, then you decide if you want chicken or a burger on it.Yummy sandwiches.  Another hidden jewel in Glendale.
4	Great atmosphere, friendly staff, reasonable pricing, pretty good food. There is a wide variety on the menu. The burgers taste like what I make at home, but saltier. I think their secret (as is mine) is Montreal Steak Seasoning in the patty. I could be wrong, but it tastes like mine, but much saltier. They need a diaper changing station in the bathroom - at least they have highchairs! The mac n cheese is yummy, the coleslaw is bland, the fries are pretty good. Ask for the dipping sauce to add an extra bite.(As far as burgers go, I prefer Smashburger.)
4	We were looking for something quick and reasonable after photographing Glendale Glitters lights. Everyone else in Glendale seemed intent on making sure they got to try out La Piazza down the block. This place looked nice thru the window, and the menu featured a few items with green chiles and one with andouille sausage. Between those things, and the owner coming out and talking to us as we read the menu outside - we thought we'd give it a try.They had a decent selection of microbrew beers, so we obviously started with those. They also have a small selection of hard liquor, so you could go that route, too. I ordered a 3 cheese grilled cheese sandwich with green chiles, and a cup of Cajun Mac 'n' Cheese. Both were excellent. Athena ordered the Cardinal Burger which is basically a bacon cheeseburger with a vinaigrette on it. The sauce and apple wood smoked bacon were awesome according to her. She had a cup of green chile mac 'n' cheese.We thought the peppers could have definitely been hotter, but that's true just about everywhere nowadays - everything is dumbed down for us gringos, I guess. The macs tasted good, but got a bit too cold before we finished them. They did arrive hot, we just dilly dallied around too long I suppose.The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and pleasant. The decor is very nice with modern lighting fixtures, tin ceilings painted a greyish blue and large LCD televisions that are viewable and crisp from almost any angle. Deep blacks, true neutrals, and vibrant primary colors. Good for sports, or movies!Price is definitely reasonable. We'll be back. I'd give this place 4.25 stars if I could. Sure beats waiting in line for over an hour to try a pizza!
5	I was brought here by a friend of mine who raved about the Veggie Grilled Cheese sandwich.  I had fully intended to get the same sandwich myself until I saw that they offered a Monte Cristo.I haven't had a Monte Cristo since the last time I was at Disneyland (at the Blue Bayou) so nostalgia won out.My sandwich and home made potato 'chips' were fantastic (I added a little malt vinegar and salt to them) - and for a drink I had delicious iced green tea (which somehow tasted like fruit loops).I'll be back next time I'm in the area.
5	I love Zing. Seriously I eat there all the time.  The burgers are perfectly spiced, juicy and meaty! I always get tiger sauce for my fries and it's so good. (If you like spicy food) Last week I had the philly cheese steak (it was a special on the menu for the week) SO GOOD! Brought it home and ate it alone so nobody could see me pig out on this one! LOL.  I enjoy American food when it's done right and Zing does it right! - P.S- I even had a salad once...OMG BEST croutons I've had in my LIFE!
5	Amazing all around. Like a good burger and don't want to drive to delux, or just want something new. Delicious food that sets the bar at a real reasonable price. Try the Monte Cristo. AMAZING!
4	One of these days I will learn to listen to my server.  Case in point, today I wanted to try the mac and cheese with a burger and my server suggested I try one of the versions other than plain.  Of course I didn't listen and while it was certainly OK there was not a bold cheesy taste.  After thinking about it I realized it wasn't designed to be bold by itself so that it could be a base for other things to be added, DUH!Seeing as I have 9 check ins in 4 months it is obvious they are a regular in my lunch rotation.  It is a friendly place to go and most of the employees know me.  Quite often James, the GM, will wander around the customers and chat.  Once he even filled in as a server when one was sick, I think he needs to stick to his day job. :-)If you see something on the chalkboard that looks interesting better get it then as it may disappear in a week or still be there in a month.  I have missed the opportunity to try a couple of items because I already "knew" what I wanted to have and should have been more flexible.  There is a patio in the back which is heated in the winter.  I have found it is easiest to park in the back and use the back door.
5	This is the kind of place you find yourself craving after a few weeks away-
5	LOVE, LOVE ZiNG!! The Mr and I had the BEST dining experience here last night since moving to AZ a few years ago...hell, it's probably the best dining experience we've both ever had ANYWHERE! James, the owner, really spoiled us and demonstrated what it's like to really shower your guests with not only an excellent dinner, but the nicest, friendliest, most attentive customer service. So with that said, here begins our tale of the most wonderful dining experience.After reading the great reviews on Yelp we decided this would be our destination for the night. Upon arrival we we're cheerfuly welcomed by James and asked where we would like to sit. Strangely, the place wasn't all that busy for a Friday night so we had our choice between booths in the back, bar style tables in the front, or the bar. We went with the latter since we both felt a great vibe from James, who was also the bartender. Also, we both think it's easier to get a feel of the type of vibe from a new place by sitting at the bar. Right away we were demonstrated the friendliest customer servince. Firstly, James took our drink order. Miller for the Mr and he mixed up a Blue Hawaiian for me based on his suggestions. It was excellent, so smooth and delicious you couldn't even taste the alcohol, but you know it was in there bc I saw him pour it myself! Even though James would be our bartender and taking our food orders for the night, April, the quirky waitress came over to offer some assistence and make some recommendations. I loved the unique dinamic these two had. They were an excellent tag team! Since we were first timers James procedeed to show us the menu and give us a run thru of their featured items along with there specials and most popular items. It was a tough choice, everything looked and sounded so good! A self-proclaimed spicy food's lover I went with the Diablo burger which featured a beef patty topped with chorizo, grilled jalapenos, tomato and lettuce (and I also added some grilled onions), served with sweet potato fries per request. The Mr went with the Philly Cheese Steak served with homemade potato chips. We couldn't resist the 4 types of mac-and-cheese so we ordered a cup of the Arizona.While waiting for our food James asked where we had heard about them from and shared that it was wonderful Yelp that led us here. James was delighted to hear this! He appreciated the fact that we not only read their reviews on Yelp, but we actually followed thru by coming there even though we lived out in the West Valley. To show his appreciation he welcomed us by fixing up shots for each one of us - on the house! It was something along the lines of Adult Chocolate Milk and flavored vodkas. Whatever it was, it was delicious! All three of us cheered and before we knew it, our food was out. It all smelled so delicious! April gave us some of their homemade Tiger Sauce to go along with the fries and chips (yes, the Charlie Sheen reference brought some laughter, and, yes, the sauce came before the blood according to James). Everything was excellent! The burger was so meaty and juicy. Not too much red, not too dry, it was perfect! I never would have thought to put chorizo in my burger and I'm so glad they did! The chorizo itself was a tad spicy and with the added jalapenos it was just the right amount of spicy. I added some of the tiger sauce as well and it gave it an even larger kick. Soooo good! The fries with the tiger sauce was a delight. It was the perfect pairing and offered the right amount of "zing". Took a bit from the Mr.'s Philly and chips and they were both excellent as well, but I think I prefered my burger. The mac and cheese was just as good. It also had chorizo so it gave the cheese a nice spicy kick. Noodles were perfectly cooked. All around a great meal!Based on the food itself we were already sold and knew we would be back! But what further impressed us and made us self-proclaimed "ZiNG's bitches" was the excellent service James provided. I never ordered a drink off the top of my head. James took care of that for me by asking what type of drinks I liked and fixing up his own concoctions. They were all excellent. He even let me try something he mixed up for the table behind us by pouring me what remained in the shaker bottle. Everything he mixed was a delight! The cold beers for the Mr. kept coming before he was even finished with the last one. Anything we were curious to try but didn't want to order a full glass of, he would try it with us. I let the Mr. enjoy his straight scotch and whiskey, I'm not a fan. "WHAT, not a fan of straight alcohol you say"? Enter James w/ a sample of Chocolate Vodka. "Try it, you wouldn't even know ur drinking straight vodka!" he says. I LOVED it! And I LOVE ZiNG! We had such a great time by the end of the night James was sending us off with a "see you again soon friends" kind of hug. Don't be surprised to find us here during YOUR visit!
4	Had lunch there today and loved it.  Greeted at the door by the proprietor, who stuck out his hand and said, "my name is James....WELCOME TO MY RESTAURANT!"The food was very good...the price was right...but the best part was the Old World feel of genuine hospitality.If I lived closer, this would be my daily hang-out.Try it....you'll love it.
5	What an incredible way to end our Spring Break trip to AZ!  We got to see our beloved Texas Rangers beat the Dodgers on a beautiful afternoon and then we had the best meal, service and hospitality EVER at Zing!  Our party of 5 enjoyed 3 cheese grilled cheese, monte cristo, mac and cheese and those ever-tantilizing sweet potato fries with tiger sauce.  We loved it all.   James, the owner, and our server  made us feel like family and the chef even came out to talk to us.  We HIGHLY recommend Zing for the food, atmosphere, drinks (something James whipped up special for us) and all at a cost that made it a tremendous value.  Don't miss this spot the next time you are ANYWHERE near the Phoenix area.
5	I love this place.Favorite things:The delicious blueberry pancakesThe tasty chorizo and egg tacosThe fantastic burgersThe surprisingly good milk mixed drink that James makesThe yummy champagne martinisThe wonderful dessertsThe excellent chili with a gazillion ingredientsThe outstanding serviceThe friendly wait-staffThe food and drinks are wonderful but what will always keep us coming back is the great service and the people!!
5	This is an awesome place! The atmosphere is very comfortable, the service and food were excellent.  The owner James came to meet us and tell us about the food and restaurant...I have NEVER met a nicer restaurant owner! We felt like we've known him for years! My husband and I got burgers (I got the Cardinal, he got the Diablo).  Both were excellent and extremely tasty.  I got the sweet potato fries, which were perfectly cooked, but maybe just a bit too salty for my taste.  Next time we for sure will try the Cajun Mac-N-Cheese, it sounded delicious.  And I have to say that they have a great music soundtrack that they play in the restaurant- you have good taste James!  We eat out often and will  DEFINITELY add Zing to our dining rotation. Ha!
5	I had the great fortune of stumbling upon this place late on a Thursday with my friend. The door was open but they were cleaning up and quite closed. I asked about them as I had never seen them before, and they said they were sorta new (bout 5 months at that point), and gave us a little show around. Then James, the owner, was kind enough to offer us a drink. We sat down as they continued to clean, and after a minute or two, he asked us if we would like sandwiches. I mean, at this point it was obvious that James was going out of his way for us, the ultimate in tardiness of eating out in Glendale. Soon, we had an impromptu drinks, sandwiches and even cake! Now, I am not telling you to bother these kind guys after they have closed, but it was by far one of the most friendly and pleasant experiences that I have had in regards to treatment of customers. The food was not at all reflective of what the menu had, but it was delightful for the way beyond last minute drop in we had. I actually can't wait to get out there again as we really enjoyed ourselves there. I don't usually have a reason to get out to the west valley, but now I do thanks to the James and the guys over at Zing. Thanks!
1	Tried to go here today and this place is closed!
4	Well I like to give a place at least two visits before I complete a review unless something is outstanding. I really enjoyed the food and the service was great. The space was nicely decorated as well.Sadly I went with a friend on Saturday and they had closed the previous Monday. So Zing is no more.
5	Please reopen soon and take my $ again!! :-(
