5	A fast food review... GOOD FAST FOOD.I honestly try to stay clear of places with drive thrus, but you can't pass up regional fast food that doesn't exist in your neck of the woods.This chain only serves "chicken fingers" and its mainly based out of the south. The two closest to the west coast are both located in Vegas. They boast of the "fresh, never frozen" deal, and you can totally tell.The chicken strips really taste homemade, the white meat is juicy and the chicken is dipped in batter by hand. They cook them to order so the strips come out fresh, hot, and crispy, seriously like they were made in someone's kitchen. The menu is limited (they focus on the chicken fingers) and meals come with crinkle fries, texas toast, and their signature dipping sauce.
4	Yeah... these were pretty good. I grabbed them on the way to a show on the Strip. I could've ate more... but thank god I didn't. I saved some room for a burger later. Wait... that's not a review of this place!
4	This place SOooo reminds me of Zaxby's in Georgia with their "sauce". I'm not really sure what's in the sauce other then yum. But it Is pretty fantastic. The chicken fingers really look like white meat chicken and not that processed stuff. It even tastes like the chicken fingers I make only the batter isn't littered with cayenne pepper. The meal is simple with the chicken, fries, coleslaw, texas toast, and fancy sauce. I actually like their sweet tea too. I'm not big on sweetened tea. But this is pretty southern authentic ;)
4	Because of Yelp I made the long trek to get these for myself and my co-workers for lunch today.  I'm super glad I did.I got the Big Box special.  The chicken was supergood - nice and crunchy without being too much batter or feeling too greasy.  The chicken was plump and juicy and REAL.  I totally dug the sauce - it was a bit more on the tangy and peppery side than I thought it would be and was a nice surprise.  I didn't like the cole slaw, but that's no surprise since I generally don't like any cole slaw since I abhor cabbage in most of it's states.  The Texas Toast was aweeesome.All in all, it was a little out of my way but it was totally worth it.  My co-workers made the mistake of getting a 25 piece tailgater thinking that the two of them could finish it.  All I know is that now I have stuff to eat tonight.
5	Yum. This is exactly what I imagine when someone says they're in the mood for chicken fingers. These little babies are perfect.  Real chicken, plump, tender, and juicy, with a light breading that's never too thick or too greasy. The sauce is pretty tasty, and they have sweet tea. I really don't know if there's anything else for me to say. Cane's rocks my socks.The first time I had it, my dad's wife and I stopped by one in Baton Rouge after hitting up Target and Sam's. After my first bite, it was all I wanted to eat for the rest of my stay there. We ate them alone, as fingers, and we also made a wicked awesome wrap, with bacon, lettuce, tomato, ranch, cheddah, and the chicken fingers. I recommend trying that out, if you can order take-out from Cane's and make it home with anything left.
4	This place is great for juicy, large chicken fingers.  The Texas Toast is the best.  I wish the fries were a little bit better seasoned, but the sauce that they give you goes perfectly with the meal!  Sometimes they are busy and sometimes they aren't.  I want to try their lemonade next time I go.  I wish they opened up more locations...UPDATE:  Their lemonade is nothing to write home about and isn't good enough for the upcharge, they get busy, and you may not get seating, but the food is still great...They are building a location at Maryland and Flamingo in front of Target...
5	Where the Chicken is Kickin', the sauce is the boss, and the toast with the most...or something like that. I always feel like getting RC's when I hear the commercial on the radio.RC's is a good place for a fast chicken finger meal.  The chicken is tasty and crunchy, the toast is good, and the lemonade is refreshing-not too sweet and no funky aftertaste like Minute Maid.  I like the sauce.  I think they have sweet tea too.  I'd get this for a quick lunch on my lunch break.
4	Best chicken fingers, ever! Great Texas Toast. Droopy and pathetic french fries. Sounds like I need to try the sweet tea!
2	Seems a litle overpriced for chicken, fresh or not.  I think if you skip the value meals and just get singles pieces of chicken, it may be a little more worth it.  This place doesn't hold a candle to Buffalo Wild Wings.  BW3's has more sauces, more selection and better prices.  I'd say hang on to your $$ and go get a snickers bar.
5	dieci stelle.  Black Folks loves some Chicken Pollo....  I had just bought some Cowboy boots. Look for the Las Vegas Yelps.  I have  list.To raise Cain:       to cause a great disturbance; to make great trouble.Ah this Las Vegas Eatery.... is Calming....  like eating some of Mom's Southern Cooking.....  I was in the parking lot over...I bought some stivale/boots heche in Mexico.. in need of sustenance. Ho visto A drive thru..  Well  the wait was incredible.... I had only two which I devoured. I needed something inmy tummy...to fortifiy myself for ..to live.  I see like the cross on the hill....Raising Cane. Named after Cane Corso  omg it is an Italian Guard Dog...  Cane Corso is the breed alsoRaising Cane's Chicken Fingers is a chain of fast-food restaurants founded by Todd Graves and Craig Silvey on August 26, 1996. The restaurant chain offers fried chicken fingers as its only main course (hence their mantra of "One Love").The Chicken is marinated overnight and then battered and fried...They must do it with care cuz ...they were alittle slow.  I told Justin M...a very long Italian name...similar to Manacotti He is the Vice -President...  of something..  He gave me his card...  I just got back to SF. I cannot locate the card. but fear not...  Thank Yelp for the Review "Edit" button.I ate the two and then drove back and parked...  I could not deal with Drive-Thru.  I ordered did not have enough money and had to go back to my rental and get my real wallet.. I order 6..... and eating is good in the Neiborhood.Infodiva here....  Buon Anno 2008 rocks... I can't wait to see the nutrional info...  A girl has to watch her figure you know.  The coleslaw was bland. You need my mother's Coleslaw Recipies (Plural) She also substitutes some of the mayo with non-fat yougurt um um um.I want some chicknen now! Cane...mio perro...  Ho cercato te piu tarde.
2	Maybe I'm missing something, but these chicken fingers weren't that great.  They were decent, but pretty plain and blah in my opinion.  Going to a place that makes it whole menu revolve around this one item, I was expecting some pretty darn good fingers that had some flavor, spice, kick, something to them.  Fries were pretty mediocre too.  The chicken fingers I got the other night at Jack in the Box were ten times more flavorful than these, not to mention cheaper.
4	After a long journey up Interstate 15, we arrived to the welcoming, bright lights of the Strip.  The first thing we needed to do was kill the hunger from the long road trip.  Someone suggested Raising Canes and promised we wouldn't be disappointed.  He was correct.  Tasty chicken fingers and the bread was good too.  The best sweet tea since I was in North Carolina.  Five days later, we had to return to this place before our journey home.
5	This place was simple, had great food, and a nice atmosphere for a fast food place. I'm from the South, and down there we have a GREAT chicken finger's place called Zaxby's...this was extremely similar, and very good. The homemade sauce is like a bbq, mayo, tangy, ranchy sauce, and goes great with the seasoned crinkle fries and chicken fingers. I loved that they had crushed ice and real home-brewed sweet tea.
4	I REALLY wish we had a Raising Cane's in California... it's simple, cheap and GOOD!!! Delicious, piping hot chicken breast strips and french fries, just begging to be dipped in their "secret sauce"...(Think thousand island dressing, with a kick)Their Sweet Tea is good too! and did I mention they have a drive-thru? While you're there, you might as well read the cool story about how they got the name "Raising Cane's"... not gonna spoil it for you, just gonna have to go and find out yourself...
3	i ate here once last new years, and the chicken fingers were pretty good, but the sauce that came with it was great. if i remember correctly, there wasn't much of a selection though. in the end, it wasn't anything too special, but i will grab something to eat here again.
4	Totally love this place!! The chicken fingers are the best you could ever have. Chicken Fingers juicy done to perfection! Canes sauce is a must on them..and their crinkled fries yummo!!! Texas Toast fluffy yet crisp! Their lemonade and ice tea is a refresher... Las Vegas is super lucky to have Raising Canes!!! If you are from out of town...I suggest that you stop by and have ya sum Raising Canes!
4	I love raising cane's! My boyfriend told me about this place, but I was kinda skeptical 'cause i'm not a huuuge fan of chicken strips... but... i tried it and now i'm a big fan! The chicken is super juicy, the fries are yummy, and i loveee their toast! But the canes sauce is what makes everything so amazing. Dip everything in there! I give raising cane's 4 stars just cause it's not the cheapest fast food place... especially considering the fact that it's pretty much just chicken fingers, fries & toast. But i still eat here everytime I'm in Vegas!
4	Great place for chicken fingers and sweet tea. I always sub the cole slaw with an extra piece of texas toast. Its true, "the sauce is the boss and the toast is the most." Great eats with quick service.
5	I ate here all summer long when i lived down the street. The place is great.  Small menu makes it great because they specialize in chicken and only that. OH THE SAUCE is addicting. The funny thing is when i've gone through the drive through some of the employees will play around. So me and my own roommate played with. :) The decor is oh entertainers of past with vegas flair and a cute pooch for what the name of the restaurant came from. Chicken. Bread and special sauce.Infact the sauce alone.. Is so good. A little tangy, a little bb-q-ish. A little piece of heaven. So good that when canes comes to the work place everyone jumps on it. Well.. anything is better then employee food. But this is the holy grail. ANd if no chicken is left the sauce will go on anything, including the pb&j that is smashed in. :)
5	ive never wrote a review in which i felt there should be more stars for the rating! ive never been so speechless to write a review, like words cannot explain how great this place is! AND ive never bothered to write a review for a place that is located in a state that i dont even live in-- but this place is just that good :]what can i say? this place is THE best place for chicken fingers. i live in california, but every time i go to vegas this place is an absolute must. the meals are huge! you can definitely share with with your friend one meal and be completely full. the lemonade and the ice tea will satisfy anyone's sweet tooth. the prices will also make your wallet pretty darn happy too, since im sure by now youre completely broke after all that gambling! :[ and even during my trip i make sure to tuck away $40 just so that i can take fifty chicken fingers to go & a quart of ice tea for my dad all the way back home to california :]
5	I can't explains why it's so good, but it is.  It starts with the sauce and finishes with the sweet Tea.  They serve nothing but chicken fingers, Texas toast, coleslaw and French fries.  Why this formula works, I will never know but it does.  You need to try it.
1	so... i thought that they were suppose to be selling chicken strips... not chicken nuggets. :/ it was great when it first opened up in las vegas, but it seems that the quality has severely gone down. should have seen my face when i first came back to vegas expecting the great chicken strips that i had left behind. i wouldn't recommend it as i would have before.
5	My first stop on my way in town for several years now.  This is the best chicken/fast food ever. I wish they had on in California.  So simple, yet so delicious.  What baffles me is how they can make such a moist juicy tender.  And it seams to be lean all white meat.  I love the slaw, the texas toast, fries and the sauce.  Another simple pleasure is the ice. I love th little tiny pellet ice.  Great to cruch without killing your teath.  :-)
5	My bro threw Raising Cane's as a recco to me when he found out I was going to Vegas. He said it was a good place for a snack, and he was right. Bf and I were faced with a dilemma: eat two buffets in one day or get a snack and then close out the night with a buffet. Me? I was down for the former, but he wanted to save room for Green Valley Ranch's Feast Buffet, so we chose to get a snack instead. We hit the location near the outlets, because that was closest to Henderson. It was 2 pm on a Friday and the booths were all full, but the tables in the middle were open.They basically have chicken finger combos that come with Ore Ida-cut fries, 2/3/4/6-pieces, a piece of buttered-and toasted-to-perfection Texas toast, a 21-ounce drink (self-serve), a small container of coleslaw and a small container of mystery dipping sauce (looks like a combo of Thousand Island dressing with Ranch). The bf and I shared a #1, which was a 4-piece, it was about $7 and it was the perfect snack before a buffet three hours later. We added another soda for $1.59, and I like that they don't try to gouge you on the drinks just because the combos seem really affordable to me.The chicken was crispy and moist, and it wasn't overpowered with batter. There was a generous portion of fries and they were fried to just the right touch of golden goodness. The slaw was tasty, as was the dipping sauce. Sweet tea is always too sweet for me, so I usually do about 1/2 sweet and 1/2 unsweetened for that perfect combo. I love that they used crushed ice and they serve Coke, not Pepsi. The place is clean, service is really friendly. Great place to grab a snack if you can't decide on what to eat and don't want to pay luxury casino prices.
5	The sauce, toast, and chicken were awesome. I love how the strips were not long and thin but were thick and juicy. The fries reminded me of the fries you got in elementary school cooked by an oven... not great. The house sauce went really well with the chicken and fries though. I want to go back again tonight but my gf is being wack.
4	Cane's is good fast eats that is easy on your wallet. This is usually one of the first stops that I make when I arrive in Las Vegas and it is sometimes is the last stop before I return to Cali as I like to order a jug or two of their sweet tea to take home. They have best chicken fingers, texas toast, and southern sweet tea EVER!  The only thing that I do not like at Cane's are the fries. I tend to order a la carte and get extra chicken and toast instead of the fries. When dining in I like to sit in booth between the superman and Jessica Alba posters! =)
3	I remembered reading that this franchise primarily serves chicken fingers so when I saw the sign I made a U-turn and walked in.  I bought two to go as well as a small container of sauce. The chicken fingers were light and flavorful.
5	I don't take recs on places to eat in Vegas.  I don't need them, I'm out here enough to find my own gems.  However, a dear former Chicago yelper told me this place was the totes.  I had always driven past it but chalked it up as another chain.  That's not the case, she said.  It's home to childhood memories of greasy eating and awesome chicken fingers.  She was completely right!  Though I definitely don't need another one, thanks for another grease pit to enjoy!In-n-Out just might have some competition now.  Once i get off the plane, it's not so simple anymore; do i want chicken fingers or animal style fries?  It's so close to my parents' house that I have yet another option for food once the gambling hunger kicks in after a night at the tables.The menu is simple: chicken fingers, and more chicken fingers.  I was baffled at how tender they can get the chicken.  I feel like i'm almost eating healthy! (operative word: almost)  The cane's sauce which I was specifically briefed on, was awesome.  What's their secret?  You could dip anything in that sauce, and I did.  The texas toast, fries, and chicken fingers all taste like little pieces of heaven when dipped in said sauce.  THE SAUCE!!!The only problem?  Too many high schoolers.  Since it's next to a 24-hr smoothie cafe, this place is swimming with teenyboppers up to no good at night.  I felt like I was at the Peach Pit After Dark and Kelly and Donna were sitting next to us.  Or it felt like the Max, where Kelly, Jessie and Lisa were singing I'm So Excited as the group, Hot Sundae.  I could go on and on, but i'll stop myself.
4	My buddies were raving about trying this place when I went to Vegas. The first few times I'd see it but would never pull in. Finally I got a chance to go and see what the hype was about. The food was definitely something worth trying. They are know for their chicken strips and the sauce it comes with was addicting. I was a bit hungover eating here but managed to really enjoy it.
1	I am fond of a good chicken strip now and again. yet the cane's I had was crispy on the outside and a bit slimey under the crispy crust! It skeeved me out so bad, I will never go back. It would be nice it they has a "side" of strips you can get without the mounds of greasy soft fries.Ill pass next time.
5	OMG, this the the BEST freaking fried chicken I've ever had, and I don't even particularly like fried chicken! I went here twice on my last Vegas trip. That itself already says something. Especially in a place like Vegas with billions of restaurants I would normally like to try different places every time. This place was so good that I just had to go again. I HOPE HOPE HOPE that this chain can make it to California some day. If I had the money, I would be on that right now!
5	The Place: Clean, CasualThe Service: Inviting, Friendly The Food: Flavorful These are the BEST Chicken Fingers I've EVER Had!Lightly battered, Juicy, NOT too greasy, & the Cane's Sauce kicks up the Flavor a Few Notches! The Sweetened Tea is HIGHLY Addictive!!!Got the Caniac Meal $8.29 + Tax (6 Chicken Fingers, Crinkle Fries, Coleslaw, Texas Toast, & Large Drink)
5	Great chicken fingers the sauce is amazing!
4	What's this place? Chicken Fingers?YES! It's so good. Yummy like umami good!I never had chicken fingers piping hot from the deep fryer. It's finger-licking good I tell yah.The Bread: I don't usually like having bread with my meals since it makes me full faster but how can you resist Texas Toast. Trust me, get 2 orders.What to order: If you're petite, go for the 3 Finger Combo and add an extra Texas Toast. The combo comes with 3 chicken fingers, crinkle fries, Texas Toast, Cane sauce and a drink.For you man-eaters, get the CANIAC: 6 Chicken Fingers, Extra Crinkle fries, Coleslaw, 2 Cane sauces, Texas Toast and a drink.I don't understand why this place hasn't made it to California. Cane's will give Chick-fil-A a run for its money. Definitely the chicken fingers at Cane's are better, especially with the sauce.
5	Looking for good food that doesnt break your wallet like everything else in Vegas? Well, this is definitely the place to go.Discovered this past weekend, I paid $5.99 for 3 chicken fingers, texas toast, fries and a drink.  Don't underestimate this meal, it actually will make you full. Included with the chicken fingers is their famous Cane sauce which reminds me of the spread at In-N-Out. So delicious, you want it in every bite. I even dipped the toast in it. Located on Las Vegas Blvd so if you're coming from California, make sure to stop by this place before you check into your hotel (and when you're heading back too). Really good, satisfying food. Will definitely go again because it's cheap and worth it! Better than Chick fil A in my opinion. Only because their sauce and bread makes them unique!
5	BEST FREAKIN CHICKEN FINGERS ANYWHERE!!! AND I DONT EVEN LIKE CHICKEN FINGERS!The Texas Toast & Sweet Tea is a great pair.Chicken Fingers are Juicy as hell.Canes sauce is really great with the Chicken.This is a must if you are in VEGAS. i dont think they have Raising Canes anywhere else. I recommend the Caniac. Its worth the $8. Their food is still good as left overs.I ordered the 3 pc once and i finished it and was craving more chicken the whole time!!
5	This place is fantastic!!! Jim W, my incredible husband, eats there whenever he's in LV. He's told me about it and after a while, I started to think I needed to try it. So that was our first stop when we got to town.Abby and I split a Caniac combo. It came w/one drink, six strips, fries and two pieces of texas toast. The fries were fine, the toast was really good, and the chicken strips were AMAZING! Who needs the rest. It's like going out for hot wings - all you need are the strips. And they serve them w/this weird sauce that no one can explain. Jimmy couldn't tell me what it was, but much more telling, the women at the counter - including the manager - could tell me either. But it was quite good. Abby and I both liked it. I can't tell you what it is.But what I can say is GO TO RAISING CANE'S! You won't regret it. I promise. And it's not like patronizing a chain because it's local - it only has a couple of locations. Oops! I just found it it is a chain. Sorry. But it's an exception. Like Texas Roadhouse and Carrabba's. So go. Now. I don't care what time it is.Are you still waiting?Am I just wasting my breath here?Seriously, I don't need to hear myself talk ...I mean they're open until midnight - what time are you reading this anyway?
5	This is my favorite chicken strip place!! OMG I LOVE IT HERE!! I wish they had one in los angeles, so sad. But yeah everything here is BOMB!!! From their tasty toast to their sweet tea, OMG MADE TO PERFECTION. Can't leave out the chicken strip.. ooo la la.. i loveeeeeee it.. I think I want to move to vegas just for this restaurant. lol.. but yeah their sweet tea is better than mcdonalds. wayyy better. it has the right sweetness, delisssssssshh!! omg i just love it. LOVEEE YOUUU CANES!!
4	The draw here is that everything is nice and fresh! You can taste it when your eating that the oil they use if fresh. They ONLY serve chicken fingers and they do a great job on them. I am always pleased that I get exactly what I expect out of the place. They also have some sweet tea that is worth a try if you like that kinda thing. They cater for parties in larger portions all the way up to 100 finger tailgates I believe. You pay roughly $1 a chicken finger and the Texas toast is a epic good side to choose. Other Options are coleslaw and french fries. Overall the place is clean offers good service is open till 11pm and has exactly what they advertise! GREAT CHICKEN FINGERS!
5	My favorite place to eat in Vegas.  My wife's favorite too!!  We are so happy another one opened around the corner from us, i guess that means I'll have to go to the gym more though.
5	YUM!  These are the softest, most tender chicken fingers I have ever had.  If there are any softer, more tender chicken fingers out there, someone please let me know!  Chick-Fil-A used to be my favorite chicken fast food joint, but this is hands down, 5x better.  Texas toast is super soft and perfectly seasoned.  The availability of sweet tea is always a plus!The only downside for me are the fries...regular crinkle cut... I can live without them...just give me extra bread instead!Service is friendly and fast.This place will always definitely be my last stop on the way home from Vegas!
5	I attempt to be very conservative with 5 star and 1 star ratings, but I really can't think of anything I dislike when it comes to Cane's.The chicken isn't too greasy.  It has the perfect amount of breading.The texas toast is delicious.  Ask for "double buttered" for them to butter both sides.The fries are good.  Not crispy, but not limp either.  Its cooked perfectly.What it really comes down to is the sauce.  Its like thousand island but its got a kick to it.  I usually substitute my slaw for extra sauce when I get the combo so I have plenty for my chicken as well as for my fries.
5	They have really really really good fast food chicken. I love love love chicken strips.... and man... do I love love LOVE their chicken fingers. You must must must MUST dip it in their sauce.Simple menu and great food!Next time I am in Vegas I will definitely stop by this place. I really wish they had one in Los Angeles, siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh.
2	I guess as far as Raising Cane's goes, I'm in the minority looking at all the 5-star reviews this place has been receiving.For the unfamiliar, this is a fast food joint that specializes in one thing, and only one thing - chicken fingers. That's about all there is to this place. All they have are chicken fingers, fries, bread, their signature Cane's sauce (and basic sauces like ketchup), and drinks. Nothing else. There is ONE KIND of chicken finger, so if you're expecting a place like Buffalo Wild Wings where you can go in and get your chicken cooked in one of 15-or-so types of sauce, go back to sleep. Variety is the spice of life, and Raising Cane's doesn't have it.The staff here are always friendly and have a positive attitude, however I find it annoying the way they ask for your name if you're dining in (this is so they can call you up when your order is ready.) Can't they just give a number like other fast food restaurants? And then comes the biggest blow of all - the food isn't that good. These chicken fingers are so oily inside that the outer breading practically hangs off of them. I have heard of people from the office I used to work at getting sick here, and after having tried these fingers, it isn't hard to see why. The fries are nothing worth writing home about, and I think they could easily have come out of a frozen Ore-Ida box. The so-called special Cane's Sauce is just fry sauce with a few extra spices thrown in (and it isn't special and unique in any way when you consider that the Chicken Now place in the nearby Outlet Mall has practically the exact same sauce.) For your chicken needs, go elsewhere. This place has a limited menu, lackluster food, and nothing that really makes it stand out. Nearly any other fast food restaurant has better chicken products and more menu selections.
5	EVERY TIME I'M IN VEGAS - I'VE GOT TO GO TO RAISING CANE'S!!and the question I leave with..."why isn't there one in the bay area?!"Brief Summary- Fast Food- Limited Menu, but good at what they do- ONLY Chicken Fingers- get the CANIAC meal- why isn't there one in the bay, dammit?!OK so first off, I was born and raised on fried chicken. All my Filipino family loves fried chicken. My favorite is Popeye's because that's what we have out here in the Bay. NOW if there was a Raising Cane's in my area, I'd be there! They ONLY make Chicken Fingers. Which is basically a smaller chicken strip. They're super juicy, fried and crispy. And you dip them in the special CANE sauce. I don't  know what it is about the Cane's sauce, but it's really good. I'm usually a bbq or ranch fan but man give me some Cane's special sauce and I'm good to go.I like their simply wavy cut looking fries. They're NOT cris-cut frieds but they're pretty simple and I like that they're simple. Not overly salty and not overly crispy.I love the TEXAS TOAST. My family is a big fan of carbs especially bread and rice. So the texas toast is somewhat similar to Sizzler's garlic cheese toast minus the garlic and cheese. I don't know it's nothing super special but it's tasty.I usually get the coleslaw too with my meal. I've always loved coleslaw, and I wouldn't rate Cane's coleslaw as the best, I say it's decent and it tastes good. With all the food in my Caniac meal, it's a good contrast to the fried and toasted.What do I drown it all down with? oh yes, SWEET TEA. I love tea, especially sweet tea. Which is why cane's is so great. It's simple and it's to the point. It doesn't cost an arm and a leg but you get so much food. Caniac is like 8 bucks.For those picky and people with their noses up *ahem*, expect a simple and tasty meal. If you want a whole bunch of selection go somewhere else. I don't know why people always try to expect a lot out of a simple place like Cane's. They're good at what they do and they stick to it! Why not be good at one thing instead of being mediocre at a whole bunch of things?!I love Cane's and hope they open one out here in the Bay Area. It would make a killing where I live. I've been to this location and another and I loved this one just a tad bit more. The people were super friendly and it was pretty busy but they keep everything going and get tables cleaned pretty quickly.
5	I agree with Daniel D.EVERY TIME I'M IN VEGAS - I'VE GOT TO GO TO RAISING CANE'S!!enough said!! everything here is great!!!
5	I am sad. Oh, so sad. My friend had been telling me about how good Raising Cane's was ever since we began the drive up to Vegas, and she talked about it all weekend long: they have the moistest chicken fingers, their sweet tea is the best out there and has such a clean taste, their Texas toast is out of this world! Needless to say, my expectations were pretty high. Well, we ended up going to Raising Cane's on Sunday afternoon, right before our drive back home. Why we decided to do this, I'm not sure, but thinking back...wow, we were stupid! Anyone who has been through 48 hours of Vegas chaos should know that you probably won't be feeling too great by the time you're through. I managed to take a bite or two of everything - yes, the chicken tenders ARE that moist, the toast IS that good, and the sweet tea IS that clean - before I started feeling nauseous. After about 10 minutes, I had to admit defeat; I closed the lid on my "Box Combo", laid my head down on it, and waited for my friends to finish.Sad, sad day. Raising Cane's...please open in California!
4	A good clean fast place to go especially for lunch.  I always get the box with chx, toast, fries, slaw and sauce.  They keep it simple with "one love"  not trying to serve everything in an inexpensive fast food restaurant.  I know very few people that dont care for Canes but they are the same ones who like and or review Subway, Wendys and BK...too funny.
5	It would never occur to me to order chicken fingers under any circumstance, but my wife practically lives on them.  So, a couple of years ago, we discovered Raising Cane's, and we do not EVER leave Vegas without stopping at the one near the Las Vegas Outlet Mall a couple of miles south of Mandalay Bay.They basically serve chicken fingers and a chicken sandwhich with sides such as crinkle-cut fries, cole-slaw (better than KFC), and their Texas Toast for which I would make the drive to Vegas anytime.  The dipping sauce is what, for me, makes it great.  It is some kind of spicy cajun concoction.  The chicken fingers literally fall apart in your hands they are so tender.Anyone want to become rich instantly?? Open one of these bad boy's in Orange County!
5	My first encounter with Raising Cane's was in Louisiana and when I came back to the West Coast, I was literally on the hunt to find this place but never did I accomplish! That was, until my trip to Las Vegas baby! I love this place, everything is fresh and never frozen! Their sweet tea is tasty! Too bad this place just has to be so far away from me, oh how I miss you so.
5	After the concert, I came home. I was starving since the last time I was around 1230 pm. We ended up eating Cane's Chicken Fingers. Boy were they good. Got a pan of chicken fingers and a pan of french fries for $23. Not bad at all. We ate every last piece of chicken fingers right along with our dog. It was um um good. We are planning on staying at the Southpoint Casino for the 4th of July and guess what we are getting for dinner? Cane's for sure...
5	So for tonight's dinner, we had Cane's Chicken Fingers again. It was delicious once again. After leaving Town Square, grandma, Lil sis, and I did some shopping and were trying to figure out what to eat for dinner. Grandma said "What about Cane's?" And I said, Hell Yeah. From there, we were driving on South bound Las Vegas Blvd toward the Las Vegas Outlet. As we approached Cane's, the drive thru was long, therefore, we decided we were gonna go in. We ordered a tail gate of 25 pieces of chicken for $23 plus 8 personal sized containers of the Cane's sauce, a pan of fries for $7.59, some individual coleslaws that were a dollar something, and three large lemonades. The total was about $44. The food was once again scrumptious and was washed down by the lemonade. It was um um um good.
5	Raising Cane's is like Chic-fil-A. They didn't invent the chicken finger; they just perfected it. (Well that's close enough).
5	Wow went here for lunch and it was really good. They do chicken and they do it well!Differently worth the stop, very good chicken and fries. Looking for something quick and cheap, this is your place!
5	the best chicken finger place i ever went to. my homie told me i'm gonna love their secret sauce, and i DID. thanks to him i'm craving for it right now. the sizes of the chicken fingers are humongous. it's that sauce that will make you fall in love with it. you guys have to try out this place. i know i will when i come back in Vegas
5	Raisin Cane's... I wish I never had you because ignorance is bliss.BRING ONE TO SOCAL! 5 Stars for doing what you do, really really well.These tenders have the crust and texture of a crunchy thick juicy piece of fried chicken, but... it's chicken tender? Definitely not like your typical breaded chicken tender.They only have ketchup for your fries and their secret sauce for the chicken, but their sauce is all you need, I would get extra.So now you already have a reason to come here... but wait! DON'T FORGET THE TEXAS TOAST, IT'S UH-MAZING! I always get extra toast instead of coleslaw. It has the softness and slightly sweet taste of a sesame burger bun but they cut it in 2inch thick fluffy slices and toast it on a griddle with garlicky butter. ALSO, I normally don't like sweet tea, but there's definitely something special about their's.Every time I've gone there, I've had excellent service. This is always a last stop on any Vegas trip for me. No matter how hung over I am or how drained, I will eat it there or get a Caniac box for the ride home with a giant sweet tea. Even after a 4-6 hour drive home, it's delicious.... if it lasts that long.
5	Hands down, best chicken fingers ever.Seriously...these are not your average chicken fingers with processed meat and fake flavors. These are real chicken breasts fried, and they taste just like fried chicken.This place doesn't offer much else - you can gets meals that come with coleslaw, french fries and texas toast...but for me, the chicken was the star. I didn't eat the rest of the sides.Oh yes, they have sweet tea. And very clean bathrooms.
4	Some of the best fast food chicken I've had. Good portions and a decent price.
5	The moment I ate my first piece, it was love in my tummy!  O-M-G the Texas Toast, the chicken.... I devoured everything in my box, and I wanted more.  The only thing that sucked was that we wanted to get some for the ride home, but they were closed early for a company picnic.  But the next time I go to Vegas I will be a returning customer!
5	we call it the crack house because they have to be putting something in it to keep you craving for more. Unbelieveably delicious. I'm about to run out right now and get me some more. love love love my caniac. One love. xoxoxo.
2	I don't get it. I'm a chicken strips fiend and this was average at best. "Texas toast"=Hawaiian sweet bread. Sweet tea=Lipton w/sugar. I was so excited, not to mention, very full from a heavy lunch. But I had to have it. I had to experience what all the hype was about. Alas, I learned it was just that. Hype. It's ah-ight. But I wouldn't go there again. Yes, the chicken was moist breast meat, but the batter, which should have been crispy, was soggy, crumbly and surprisingly flavorless. The magic sauce that everyone raves about? It was some mayo-like, chipotle concoction that added nothing to the overall strip. Even the fries where nothing to write home about. The Texas toast brought back memories of eating at the Sizzler as a child. It was squishy, buttery and toasted and the best thing I had here. So disappointed.
1	Okay  my first negative review. Seriously I don't know what people are seeing in this place. It just specializes in Chicken Fingers if you want a light snack! So it is great for you Chicken Fingers Lovers only. Ok sure the Sweet Tea is a unique thing. I rather buy the Texas Toast loaf of bread in the supermarket and eat that instead. I've come to learn some people taste buds are way different or haven't been around too much to explore different restaurants out there in the world. There are much better fried chicken chain-restaurants out there  which is much more fulfilling and worth while. Positive thing I can say, it's a nice clean building and was kind of empty when I went in.
4	Texas Toast! Texas Toast! Texas Toast!! (oh and the chicken's pretty good too!) It's a suprisingly yummy alternative from your regular fast food chicken places. Delightfully crisp chicken and wonderfully buttered texas toast. The food came out pretty quick which is a plus.The sweet tea was yummy. Just the right amount of sweetness.Sorry KFC but you have another competitor.. cause this place is also finger lickin' good!
5	SWEET TEA!! SWEET TEA!! SWEET TEA!!Came here randomly and was very excited that we did order food and not only the sweet tea. We ordered The Caniac:6 chicken fingers, fries, coleslaw, texas toast, yummy sauce and a large drink. Chicken fingers are great! Very light on the batter and the chicken, not dry, and was not overcooked aka extra crunchy too! The dipping sauce is crack! Its like a mix of thousand island and bbq sauce.. HEAVEN! Texas toast: buttered on both sides and toasted to perfection!The sweet tea is good by itself. Think of McDonalds but 10 times better! Our friend reccommend to buy the gallon. Which we did! Who would have thought? Buying a gallon worth of sweet tea at the drive thru. Yes, it comes in a gallon size container. Im glad we did cus it lasted the whole weekend!I would make an effort to come to on of their locations in Vegas. It is worth trying. Plus sweet tea in the Vegas heat..is refreshing!!Make a location in the Bay Area..please!!!!
5	Great food and great staff!(make sure you order extra sauce ;) )
4	I came to Raising Cane's for a quick lunch on the go. I hate eating in my car but...so be it. I ordered the Three Finger Combo: 3 chicken fingers, fries, Texas toast, sauce and a drink. The chicken fingers were huge, but they were also the most tender, juicy, well cooked chicken fingers I have ever had from a food establishment with a drive through window. The sauce was TDF! I was super satisfied with my choice to eat here and I will definitely come back. I don't have kids yet...but I just had a though: Raising Cane's chicken finger quality FAR exceeds any other fast food place, and I would ACTUALLY feed my young kids these chicken fingers...as opposed to the other "mcmystery chicken" places out there.
5	Fat ass, fresh ass fingers, sauce kick's ass. Super good. very clean place. That's all 4 now.
5	Love the simple menu (chicken fingers, fries, toast) the special sauce is the PREFECT dipping sauce for the meal. I enjoy this place for a little more than the casual fast food.
5	Raising Canes is a great addition to any city. And Las Vegas is the first time I've seen one.  Maybe it's only in LV?  I dont know. I used to hate on this place, only because I knew they just served regular ol' chicken fingers.  Until I actually tried it, and I was an idiot for hating on something I never even tried.  Never will I do that again.  The chicken is cooked to perfection, juicy, tender, crispy!  The fries are ok, it doesn't wow me, it just goes good with the fingers, but so does the toast! Buttery goodness.  And you gotta get an extra side of cane sauce, I dip everything in it. And the food too.An then the sweet tea, oh the sweetie, oh the sweat tea, oh the sweaty... Free refills on them by the way.It is true what they say; the toast is the most, the sauce is boss, chicken is kickin, the napkins whats hapnin, the straws the laws, the fries got size, and so on and so forth.
4	Although I've been a frequent patron of the Saks Fifth Outlet in the same shopping center for years, I've only recently tried Raising Cane's, mostly because I haven't quite bought into the Chicken Fingers concept.  Call me a health snob but I don't like to eat meat I don't recognize, and chicken fingers would rank #1 in this department.My fiance is much less picky with fast food philosophies, and since Raising Cane's is so well-loved with Yelpers, I was convinced to give it a try, at the potential risk of sinking my teeth into Mystery Meat masqueraded as Chicken Fingers.Well, the reward for my bravery was quite satisfying.  The chicken fingers tasted clearly to be good-quality chicken meat (more like pulled chicken, not minced chicken), moist, tender and flavorful.  The batter was also among the best, crispy without being too greasy.  The sauce is so delicious that I'd like to make this offer: if any Yelper knows the recipe to this sauce, please private message me for a bid.I washed down these yummy chicken strips with the best sweet ice tea I've ever had.  I only speculate that it has to be made with real honey for that lingering subtlety of syrupy sweetness.
5	I wanted something fast for lunch and was @ The Outlet Mall so I grabbed some chicken fingers to take home.The service is very fast and friendly. I ordered a typical combo plate that came with chicken,fries, cole slaw and a chunk of texas toast...and lets not forget the most amazing sauce for dipping those fingers!!Me and my little guy made a picnic in the living room and pigged out. He loved dipping the fries in the sauce! LOLI will never again go to KFC!!
5	Cane's Sauce, chicken strips, texas toast, fries, and sweet tea..That's basically all you really need right there! Every thing is so delicious and satisfying that it'll make you want to crave for more!! I usually like to get the Caniac box so that i have left over's for later and it's just like having two 3 finger combo's in one.I really can't express how good their food is all through words so I suggest you take my word for it and try it! It will definitely not disappoint! Gosh, I wish I had some right now... LOL
4	I can't really figure out why this place is so tasty.  Basically everything you can order is brown in color and is composed of pure fat + carbs.  Oh that's why it's so good.  This is the kind of place for a late night belly filler where you need to ignore your health.This is likely also a good place for the weekend visitor from LA to stop by on their drive back.  It's just a few short minutes from the strip to the South and has a drive thru.The chicken fingers are juicy, flavorful, and the "Cane Sauce" is uniquely sweet, tangy and practically drinkable.  I was tempted to order more, but one little tub was enough for 3 chicken fingers.  In addition to this, the fries are a bit on the soggy side, but the Texas toast is firm and slightly crunchy.  In fact, this is how I imagine Texas toast should be like.Considering all the fat and oil in a simple 3-piece meal, I didn't feel it seeping out of my pores like some fast food makes me feel.  It wasn't a pick-me-up or anything, but it didn't put me to sleep right away either.Worth a visit if you want something quick and yummy.  Still, make sure to go on a jog later and burn all those calories off!
1	No flavor chicken fingers. The fries are kinda Ore-Ida busch league. I'm not into carb gorging, so I didn't eat the texas toast. Here's what really got my goat, only 2 sauces! You heard me right, just honey mustard and gross 'Cane's Special Sauce' (and they charge extra for them). How in the flying f#%&* do you open up 'Chicken Finger' franchises and NOT have Ranch, BBQ, or hot sauce?!?! That has to be the most moronic, piss-poor decision in the history of American fast food.
4	Awesome chicken strips. Fresh white meat chicken coated with flour batter, fried to a crispy perfection. Dip the strip into the original cane sauce and you've got one heck of a meal.I ordered the Caniac combo which comes with 6 strips. The cole slaw is just ok. Fries are good. Texas toast is buttery and large. But the stars of the show are definitely those hot, crispy strips!Place was clean and service was very friendly. I ate at a location in Dallas last year with my brother and was equally impressed there as well. Seems like a good franchise.
4	Chicken Strips that taste like real chicken. At first, you wonder, how come they taste funny? but that's because that is what chicken taste like! They are not over salted with pretend chicken extracts and MSG flavor, and are fried nice and crispy.I normally don't touch french fries; but the sauce made them edible! (that is a HUGE deal!)I'm very impressed by this place, good job Raising Cane's!
4	Best chicken strips I've ever had!  The sauce, fries, and chicken strips were very tasty and addicting.  If food was an addicting crack, the chicken strips and fries here are it and you can call me a chicken strip crackhead!   For some unknown reasons, I had such a bad craving for the food here that I came back 3 times during my one week vegas stay.  The price was reasonable and service was quick too.ps. us Californians aren't deprived of anything...you're just a fat food hater.
5	I LOOOOOOOOOVE chicken strips/fingers/nuggets.  Raising Cane's is quite an experience.  Best fast food chicken strips hand down.  I wished we had some in Orange County.  It sure beats eating that crap at KFC! Heres the breakdown...Chicken fingers: thumbs waaaaaaay up.  The chicken was moist and tender.  There was just enough coating and just enough crispy-ness to the outside.  I can eat 10 of them just by myself!! The special dipping sauce makes these fingers unbelievable. Texas toast: thumbs up!  Crispy and buttery outside.. soft and fluffy on the inside.  You can taste the artery clogging butter on the toast! YUMMMSweet tea: mind blowingly good.  So good that we had to grab a jug of the ish to go.  My bf wants to stop by Cane's on our next vegas trip and get jugs of the tea to mix with our booze!Fries:  good but i've had better.Verdict?  The chicken is damn tasty.  It may seem pricey but its a lot better than going to the strip and having dinner somewhere.  If you're looking for a good place to go after a drunken lunch on the strip head here for some meaty goodness.
4	Yummm! That about sums up my experience at Raising Cane's. Not much more to really say other then this place has really good fried chicken. It's a shame that none have opened up in California yet, but with chicken this good, it's definitely just a matter of time. However, before I rave about Raising Cane's, I feel that I need to respond to a negative review about the place from a certain Elite '11 member from Henderson, Nevada that yelped how Raising Cane's is "really expensive" for chicken fingers and that the 5 star reviews awarded by reviewers were mostly from "Californians who are deprived of food that doesn't taste like absolutely nothing". Come again? Those darned double negatives can be so baffling.In regards to the price, Raising Cane's flagship combo is the "Box Combo", which consists of four generously proportioned chicken fingers, French fries, a slice of toast, a side of coleslaw, a side of sauce, and a drink that costs $6.79. Hardly a wallet buster! Moreover, compared to KFC' similar combo meal, the Variety Big Box Meal, which consists of a drumstick, a chicken strip, popcorn chicken, two small sides, a biscuit, and a drink that costs $5.99, the price difference of $0.80 seems hardly expensive, let alone "really expensive". And seriously, this member has probably never been to Chick fil-A where a 4-piece chicken strip meal costs $6.49. And the audacity to imply that Californians do not know what food tastes like and that California is the land of no seasoning is a gross misstatement. Seriously, apart from the Las Vegas area, the state of Nevada is nothing but a large sandbox with its total population (2.7 million) being less than that of the city of Los Angeles (3.8 million). Additionally, many of the restaurants along the Las Vegas Strip are spin-offs or branches of restaurants that were started by renowned chefs in California. Therefore, I really think the Elite '11 status of this member should be revoked. Anyways, back to Raising Cane's. The chicken is au natural and is made from premium chicken that isn't frozen. For a fast-food restaurant this is a rarity. It's one thing to say your chicken is 100% chicken, but to also proclaim that your chicken is never frozen is a testament to the freshness and quality of the food being served. As for the breading, the spices infused with the seasoning yelped of Southern flavoring. Trust me, I've been to the South (Alabama, Texas, the Carolinas), and for a fast-food restaurant, this is as close to authentic as you will get for $6.79. I literally enjoyed every bite. In fact as I ate, I ended up taking a huge ass bite of my lower lip. Yet despite my bleeding and swollen lip, I continued to inhale my chicken fingers like a whale pausing only to catch my breath and to dip my chicken into Cane's special ketchup/mayo/pepper/spice sauce. As for the coleslaw, fries, and Texas toast, they were okay, but I honestly didn't give a shit because the chicken was so "finger-lipping" good!In regards to the drinks, Raising Cane's has your standard fountain drinks. But the real highlight is their sweet tea, which is really sweeeeeeeeeeeeet. While I'm sure it contains buckets of sugar (hence its sweetness), what kind of hypocrite would I be if I were counting calories at a fried-food restaurant? So, if you too would like to enjoy being a glutton for a day, hop into Raising Cane's to indulge in really good fried chicken... and definitely be sure to wash down all that yummilicious fried goodness with Raising Cane's sweet tea.
4	I'm not a really big fan when it comes to fast food but hands down to this place. Their chicken fingers are so moist, tender and juicy with a tangling natural chicken flavor. Their soft pillow like Texas toast is to die for. I felt like I was in chicken paradise for a moment till my finance 'accidentally' took a bite at the last piece of the chicken finger. Staring at his satisfying grin, I had to question his explanation.Anyway this was a great eating experience despite the complain coming from my tummy after all the fries glided in my stomach.
5	***** SEX SUBSTITUTUE ******I don't ever get tired of this place.  Secret Sauce is the boss -  the TX Toast, sweet Tea, and the chicken strips.......i want this on death row.It's the seasoning in the strips and the sauce...you get that southern Nawlins feelen.   This place needs to be 24/7
5	This place puts Wing Stop to shame. They may only have one flavor, but it is the flavor of AWESOME! I make sure to stop here every time I am in Vegas. Absolutely worth the short drive south of the strip. Please open one in So Cal.
5	If you are tired of KFC, Popeyes or Church Chicken and you are heading to Vegas. Go check it out and you might have the same feeling i do everything taste better when it's fresh.
5	Love it! The only problem we have found with the Cane's on Las Vegas Blvd is it is hard to find a seat to eat inside ((always so busy)), otherwise everything else is fantastic!
4	Top 2 chicken places ive ever been too,the texas toast was perfectly toastedthe cole slaw could have a little more milk in itbe prepared to be uncomfortably full, i couldnt help myself when eating these chicken fingers, i just couldnt stop!best bet is, take the number of chicken fingers you 'think' you can eat, subtract 1, and order that dish.youll be one happy camper!
4	Very good
4	Today was my second time eating at Raising Cane's and I can certainly say, "Yum, I'll be back". I don't do much fast food and don't do a lot of chicken out, but I have been impressed with the taste and quality at this place. I get the three piece meal, which is more than enough food for me and it's a great value.  It was a little too crowded today at lunch (I'm sure not for them) for us to sit and eat there, but I had no problem taking it and eating in my car...that's how good the food is. The service is always friendly. All I can ask for now is that they open one around Eastern and St. Rose Pkwy...they would make a killing!!! This is the place to go for fast food!
5	Love the chicken, fries and sauce - yum!
5	Went Yelping for a quick cheap bite since it doesn't seem to exist on the Las Vegas strip. This place came up and me and my boyfriend went for it. Definitely no regrets there. Here's why:-There was a line but it moved quick.-Orders came out speedy quick as well.-Toast-- Yum for bread lovers. The slight sweetness of it really offsets everything else.-Chicken-- Pretty damn good for chicken fingers! Lightly battered, crispy, and moist. Made the fries an "ehh" for me. And I love me some fries. Oh and I almost forgot about the coleslaw. Cuz it really didn't need to be there for me.-And it doesn't even burn a hole in your wallet.Definitely a revisit whenever I'm in the area.
4	They do make amazing chicken strips, I must say. I wrap em in the Texas toast, than dip em in their sauce. The fries are just ok. They're like Chinese food fries here in NY. Thick, crinkle cut. No me gusta. Oh, the ice tea. Its crack! In a good way. Get the sweetened ice tea. If your eating fried chicken & fries, u might as well get the sweat tea. This place is perfect for kids. Straight up child menu.  Chicken strips, baby!
5	This place is amazing...everytime I come to vegas I make it a point to eat there for lunch at least once.  YUMO is the way I describe that Texas toast and chicken fingers...cant forget the sweet tea.  If you want to save some of that cash you bring to Vegas then this is the place to eat. ;-D
3	Not worth the price..just down the street you can get better fingers cheaper..
4	I heard about this place when I was watching a TV show about CEO's who go undercover to do go deeds (no...it wasn't Undercover Boss). The Raising Cane's CEO/creator and his wife went down to Louisiana to see where some of their fortune could help out. I thought that was pretty cool even if it was for publicity. So I thought I would give it a whirl. My monkeys, mom and myself all rolled in and each ordered a combo (I think I got the box lunch and my mom got the smallest one). Oh Dear Lord! The strips were soft, the fries were crinkle cut and perfectly crispy (just like I like them), the cole slaw wasn't too soupy, the Texas toast melted in my mouth and THE SAUCE. Their sauce should be a 5th food group. I put it on everything (strips, toast, fries, fingers). Their sweet tea and lemonade are quite tasty as well and very refreshing. Will be a loyal patron of Raising Canes because of their genuinely friendly service, great food and nice place for kids.
4	Its chicken fingers so I thought how hard is it to make them right.  Not only did they do it right; they did it SPECTACULARLY.
5	First off, I have had better chicken fingers elsewhere. I've had better fries, sweet tea, and everything else this place serves. However.Cane's puts it all together and pairs it with this SAUCE that I'm sure is just Thousand Island with some black pepper but It makes everything taste better. But then again that is the major flaw of Canes as well in that It needs this sauce to really cross the threshold of beyond "average" because without the sauce, the chicken fingers are quite bland and have very little flavor (tasting somewhat like Church's Chicken) despite being juicy and fresh-cooked to order.The Texas Toast is what does it for me though. I love that bread and it's perfectly grilled every time! The Fries are average fries, there to look pretty and munch on after you are done with the toast and chicken.The price is right though and the service is fast. Can't complain too much about this place, and the ambiance of the actual restaurant is good for just sitting and conversations. And the mascot is a DOG WITH SUNGLASSES so that bumps the star count to 5
4	"Cluck Cluck Chicken Chicken What Meal You Be Picken". that's what you can expect to hear pulling through the drive through.  I always go with the box combo, 4 fingers plus fries and coleslaw with a jumbo slice of Texas toast and their secret sauce.  Sweet tea is a must for my wife but I have also been told the lemonade is outstanding.  Great spot for a fast food meal sure to please your taste buds every time
3	The chicken fingers taste just like it does at other Raising Cane's. Fresh food and french fries and the sweet tea. Friendly staff BUT they need to stay on top of keeping the tables clean because i had to wipe down my own table.
5	The sandwhich combo is amazing and a great deal compared to other fast food chicken sandwhiches.  You get more chicken than anywhere else and you can't beat the Cane's sauce.  Who cares if the combo is about 1000-1200 calories? :-P
5	When I first heard about this place, I was reluctant to try because chicken fingers are one of my favorite foods. However, I finally gave in and decided to check it out, and let me say, I have been eating here at least twice a week since. The chicken fingers and fries are great, but what really makes the experience amazing is the Cane's sauce. It is so good I almost want to dip everything I eat in it for the rest of my life. The sweet tea is consistently amazing, something I appreciate because places like Lucille's and Memphis BBQ struggle to keep their sweet tea consistent.This place is definitely worth giving a try, and if you're a sauce person, ordering an extra side of Cane's sauce will probably be necessary.
4	pretty good food with generous portions!! Sweet tea is great and overall experience is great!
4	Texas Toast and Cane's Sauce. Really, that's all you need when you come to Cane's. Something about the buttery, crispy deliciousness of the Texas Toast with the creaminess to the ambiguous Cane's Sauce (similar to a Thousand Island dressing with far more pepper) - it's euphoria in your mouth.As for the chicken fingers, they are definitely better than what they used to be. When Cane's first came to Vegas, the fingers were dry and the downfall of the place. However, they have most certainly improved - moist and perfectly fried. The fries are decent, just sub-par crinkle fries that I tend to not even order. The slaw is good, but nothing extraordinary. Then there's the tea - a bit too sweet for my liking, but always consistently good. But I'm telling you, the toast and the sauce. All you need really. If anything, get the chicken on the side.
4	Last trip to vegas , was on the way to the airport, Sadly on my way back to reality , I wanted a quick snack , I remembered Dena A. raving about this place . So a quick drive thru  was in order . The 3 finger combo was just what the Doctor Needed. Nice Kick to the chicken , Texas Toast was Excellent , some fries , and A diet coke . Go to go . Had that sucker gone before I was  back to drop off the Rental car.
4	I'm really jealous that we don't have this in Southern California! I really enjoyed their Chicken Fingers! Their Chicken is so moist and juicy in every bite. They're definitely bland without their signature secret Cane's sauce, it's a simple recipe and it was fun breaking down the ingredients but it would be wrong for me to tell you what was in it, even their employees are sworn to secrecy. It was so good, I almost forgot that I was eating fast food! The fries were okay because they weren't fresh but frozen bag and my least favorite item included. The cole slaw was very good, dressed well and perhaps made fresh daily. The texas toast was seasoned perfectly, toasted nicely and soft outside. I didn't get to try their lemonade but their sweet tea is good but go easy on the ice. Their ice melts so fast and then becomes less sweet.I really enjoyed the look of the restaurant! Elvis, The Rat Pack, Led Zeppelin, Muhammad Ali and other classic american icons grace the walls. I couldn't get enough of the decor nor the food! I've heard so much about this company but was skeptical about the fact that they're a fast food joint and I was proven wrong.
3	After reading the Yelp reviews, I was expecting a bit more. Here's my take on the 3 Finger Combo:- chicken strips: definitely moist / juicy and cooked to order so not sitting under a heat lamp as they advertise. I was expecting a bit more crunch and batter- sauce: great sauce, although not the orgasmic experience a few mention, but indeed have to have it with the chicken fingers- fries: equivalent to Ore-Ida; can't beat the In-n-Out fresh fries: you can tell the difference- texas toast: mine was a less crunch like they took it out 10 seconds sooner than it shouldKids did eat everything on the kids meal so give Canes credit for that.
4	I'd never heard of this chain until coming to Vegas.  It was right next to some outlets, too, so it was a perfect spot to grab a quick lunch.  The place was hopping!  My friend and I shared the Caniac, which came with six pieces of chicken fingers, fries, cole slaw, texas toast, a drink, and two containers of their special sauce.  I think it only cost about $8 - cheap.The chicken fingers were pretty good for a fast food chain but what I really enjoyed was the Texas Toast!  It was soft yet sweet.  Delicious.  I also liked their sauce - it tasted like a blend of ketchup, mayonnaise, soy sauce, pepper and sugar.  It wasn't quite as sweet as I had expected (it has a color similar to Thousand Island but it's definitely different) but it went well with the chicken.  Food came out quickly, too, and the crinkle cut fries were nice and crisp.  Great little fast food joint!
4	ridiculously good for under $10.
3	I love canes, but sometimes the people they hire can hurt the business. Did you know Canes offers military discounts? I use this discount often, but when I went to use it at the rainbow location the staff member forgot and didn't even bother to apologize or correct her error. I called and let the manager know but never heard back.Please hire better customer service staff! Your food is to awesome to lose customers due to workers.
4	Always enjoy this place and this location has some of the fun-est friendlies staff ever, they actually seem to enjoy their job and it shows.    Stopped here while we were next door at tropical cafe for a geocaching event (google geocaching if you're wondering, we're a fun crazy group..well some of us are) and decided instead of eating there we will indulge in some of the AWESOME dip sauce.  Chicken strips are always crispy on the outside and juicy in the center, our only complaint is the bread wasn't as delightful as normal just a bit greasy.
5	Did you go to an SEC school? Do you remember Guthrie's?  If you have fond memories of both then Raising Cane's is just the spot.  The fries, fingers and sauce are all the same, the only difference being the toast is more "Texas" than at Guthrie's.  Also, the tea is a lil less sweet that the sweet tea at the Auburn Guthrie's which is fine actually.Nice, clean, open space and friendly staff - definitely will be coming back!
4	my vegas trip is never complete without a taste of canes before i leave! i LOVE their chicken fingers and their sauce. the fries are sooo delish! the service is usually pretty good. great fast food joint to get away from the strip! =)
4	I landed in Vegas around noon and needed a quick bite to eat. This place didn't disappoint. I ordered the 2 piece combo which came with a piece of the yummiest texas toast for $5.99. Great service? Yes. Cheap & quick eats? Definitely. The BOMB sweet tea? Oh yeah!I'll definitely return.
5	I really wish they had one of these in the OC/LA area. But I guess that would be bad because I would eat here everyday, if that were the case.I always make it a point to stop here on the way in to Las Vegas and on the way out. I love everything about this place, from the sweet tea to the amazing dipping sauce!The food is always fresh and comes out piping hot! The prices are great and the 6 piece combo is definitely enough to split between two people (but add an extra thing of Texas Toast because it is just that amazing).  You will not regret eating at this place.
4	If you have a bunch of kids or picky eaters, then this is the place to go.  I would give it a 5 star based on this only.  However, since the fare here is fried and breaded, I have to lower this due to fitness and health reasons for kids.Ok, I do admit I liked it regardless.....1.  Chicken Tenders - Very tasty, tender and the right size. Juicy and piping hot.2.  Fries - Great when hot, however if you order to go and bring them home, they need to be properly warmed up.3.  Sizing - They have all sorts of sizes for the appetite and the prices are reasonable.  Several times I have ordered a tray of the tenders and the fries. I usually go for the 25 piece tenders and find them just not enough...Clean and Easy toilets, great parking, and fantastic service. GK says, for fast food, this is a great place to go.
1	1 Star for the mixed up order, slow service and poor customer service received here.Wanted to try this place out, and ordered the 4 strips in the store to go. I waited a few minutes and noticed that they served about 6 cars in the drive thru before asking where my order was. The guy told me it would be right out, then the next orders that came out were for others that ordered way after I did. I went up there again to see what the problem was, and the female drive thru person with the dirty black sweater, glasses and a headset said my order would be out in 4 seconds. I said yeah right, 4 seconds are up and it came out close to another 4 minutes later. I basically wasted 15 minutes of my life in this hell hole. The food wasn't all that either, more like Raising cr@p to me...
4	Great Texas toast, incredible dipping sauce, fries are so so, the chicken is always cooked right, and the fresh lemonade is worth the visit alone. Walk-up service, employees have always been polite. Bathrooms have always been clean.
2	The food here is great and all, but I need healthy options for when I'm dieting, and this place has NONE.Everything they have is breaded, fried, or dripping with saturated fat!It's truly built for fatasses, and people ignorant of their organ's inability to regenerate, but I have heard nothing but ravings from fans, so I thought I'd give it a go.Ordered the smallest thing: 3 pcs, fries, texas toast, with soda. I was completely stuffed full of carbs by the time I finished. I even won a free chicken strip coupon...and gave it to my sister, who is one of the raving fans.BFG's is far more superior...bur what do I expect? Cane's a chain.Cane's: give me more options and I'll return, I'm a gemini for christ's sake.I'm not saying don't try it-variety is the spice of life, and a lot of people LOVE this place like a brother, I'm just not one of them.
5	Please build some RAINSING CANE'S franchise here in So Cal. I had an awesome late night 11pm drive-thru experience here. Ordered THE CANIAC COMBO which was A LOT OF FOOD (1st STAR).It had 6 chicken fingers, fries, coleslaw, 2 Cane's sauce, Texas toast, and large drink.The service wasn't as fast as expected probably because THE FOOD WAS HOT AND FRESH when it was served (2nd STAR). The drive-thru SERVER WAS REALLY FRIENDLY AND ATTENTIVE (3rd STAR). The chicken fingers were JUICY, TENDER, AND TASTY (4th STAR). Their sauce tasted like bbq sauce but we a tiny different kick to it that makes it uniquely delicious. COLESLAW AND TOAST AREN'T USUALLY INCLUDED IN A CHICKEN FINGERS/STRIPS MEAL but they do at Cane's (5th STAR). DEFINITELY A MUST-GO-TO RESTAURANT WHENEVER I VISIT LAS VEGAS!!
5	one of the best $7meals ive ever  had.   Chicken was great, fries amazing.   Loved it.
5	I can't get enough of this place.  I would hear people complain about this place only having one sauce for your chicken.  Well, there's a reason there is only one Cane sauce, because it makes you whole plate taste better.  I dip everything in this stuff.  well everything except the slaw!  The menu is simple and the chicken is always fresh.  The employees are always helpful and smiling unlike unhappy McDonald employees.  This place is the best! Cheers!
5	Proud to be a Caniac!  "Where the sauce is the boss and the chicken is king!" You must order an extra Cane's sauce with every combo.. it's terribly addicting.  And the toast?  Seriously?!  Oh, and don't forget the large sweet tea... oh how sweet it is... By the way, it also helps with the recovery after a crazy Vegas night ;)
5	In Vegas and we were looking for a quick bite to eat, decided to have fast food but wanted something new, so we decided to drop by Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers and I ended up loving it!!!So good, so affordable, and so fast; the chicken fingers were so tender and it did not appear greasy whatsoever. I've been here a couple of times after the first time and my usual order is now the Combo Box (which I share with my husband) - comes with four pieces of chicken fingers, fries, coleslaw, texas toast, one Cane's Sauce, and a regular drink priced around $7!The combination of chicken, slaw, fries, and toast together satisfies me in all ways; the texas toast is by far the best toast I have ever had, really! The outer part of the bread is golden and crispy, but once you pass that outer layer, the middle part of the bread is so soft and just literally melts in your mouth. Love it!
5	I can't believe I'm giving a fast food, chicken strip joint five stars!I feel...I feel...good about it. I mean, come on, for just a few cents over six bucks you get This box http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3vxIqhm2jCVjkUWtmDvTsw?select=orF-6gO8zteljlzAFq-OqgFilled with some of the best fried chicken strips (5 strips) I've ever had http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3vxIqhm2jCVjkUWtmDvTsw?select=4wdej6Xl7xL5BL8w3dsEbAPlus fries and Texas toast http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3vxIqhm2jCVjkUWtmDvTsw?select=K8h0AZmAa9S5SC93VmpVjQAnd Cole slaw and an amazing dipping sauce http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3vxIqhm2jCVjkUWtmDvTsw?select=5OyWMqG6JdeX0AgfE8yNOwAnd this gigantic sweet tea http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3vxIqhm2jCVjkUWtmDvTsw?select=Vhnh9U2Q_Xh9N8aanZf6ZgIn all honesty, Raising Cane's does serve up some of the best tasting chicken strips I've ever had. And definitely the best I've ever had from a fast food joint. Every strip is fresh and prepared after they're ordered. They're super crispy on the outside and juicy in the middle but the best thing is there is zero grease on these strips. The fries were also nice and crispy on the outside and fluffy in the middle. The toast, slaw and sauce were all amazing too. Oh, and their sweet tea is perfect. Not overly sweet. Perfect. Prices are dirt cheap and service is fast and friendly. Majors thanks to Dru "DirtySmoke http://www.dirtysmokebbq.com/" C. for putting this place on my radar. You're right, Dru, it was amazing. Check out Raising Cane's for yourself next time you're in Vegas. Trust me, it's worth leaving the strip for.
5	my boyfriend and i were going to vegas for the weekend. from the moment we left california, he would not stop talking about this place. we arrived around midnight and that was the first place he wanted to go to before we even checked in to our hotel... i agreed and thought to myself, this place better be worth it because i'm crazy tired. we went through the drive thru, ordered a 6 piece caniac to share and sat in the parking lot to eat. he made me take the first bite and to my amazement... OMG! it was freakin' good! the best chicken tenders you will ever have at a fast food restaurant. the chicken is real, for one...but besides that, it is juicy and tender with the perfect amount of breading to make it crispy. needless to say, we stopped by before we headed back to cali... raising cane's is a must try!
5	Raising Cane's is simply amazing. Best fast food joint and will definitely satisfied your chicken strip craving.
4	Heard such great things about this place.  We had time to spare so we exited early and went here for a late lunch.  The chicken fingers are really tender and moist.  When I think chicken fingers/tenders, I imagine an overly breaded piece of nothing that is dry and stale.  Not here.  Not at all.  This was nicely breaded and the chicken was amazing.  Who said tenders/fingers are for kids?!The best part was the sauce.  Most of their meals comes with one or two, but I ordered an extra for 30 cents or something.  I guess the other best part was the freshly brewed sweetened tea.  Brings me back to when I used to live in the South and where sweetened tea is their specialty.
5	Oh Raising Cane's. How I have missed you so.I'm currently living in Northern California, but used to go to Raising Cane's quite often when I used to live in Vegas. I miss their delicious dipping sauce that comes with the chicken fingers. I miss their Texas Toast. And I definitely miss their sweet tea. I always had to mix their sweet tea with regular tea because it was a tad bit too sweet for my taste buds. But I still miss it!It's been a while since I've had it last. But I enjoyed it so much that I just had to express my love for it through this review.
5	I LOVE this place! So much that I want to own one here in Cali! Every time we go to Vegas we have Raising Canes!!!! The chicken fingers are so perfect and even the Texas toast hits the spot.The employees are always pleasant and it is probably b/c they get to eat texas toast and drink sweet tea all day long. You should totally check this place out whenever you can!
3	Succulent and fresh chicken tenders that were not overpowered by heavy breading. The cane's sauce was sweet and peppery - delicious! Don't forget to ask for the Louisiana Hot Sauce - that really brings everything together. Delicious crinkle cut fries! Just as another had suggested. I devoured all the fries. Coleslaw tasted fresh and not overbearingly heavy on the mayo.Overall, excellent chicken strips, but I can't do too much fried foods anyway without getting an upset stomach, so this will be saved for my once in a while fried foods indulgence :)
4	We ate here tonight for the very first time. I'm a big fan of chicken fingers however I usually end up really sick after eating them because most of the time chicken fingers are very greasy and have a really bad after taste, so needless to say, it's been pretty long since I've had chicken fingers. Let me just say that I've not burped up any funky tastes after eating here, or burped peroid for that matter. I was very impressed by the fact that the outside was crunchy and the inside was juicy and moist and it was cooked perfectly! The sauce is ok however I don't like mayo based sauces and I like my fingers plain with bbq sauce or louisiana hot sauce. The fries were good but I will say that I have had better fries at other places. The texas toast was a great compliment to the fingers, grilled but soft and not slathed in oil or butter. I didn't eat the cole slaw because well I just don't like cole slaw. LOL. Overall, I think it's a good value for the amount of food you get, the menu is no-fuss, kinda reminds me of In-N-Out Burger with long drive-thru lines, a small menu and friendly workers.
4	The best little chicken finger place in Las Vegas? It's Raising Cane's chicken fingers. They only have one thing on the menu but its way worth a try! When first trying Cane's I was a little skeptical of the fact they didn't have anything else on the menu except fingers and fries and the fact they didn't have ranch dipping sauce. However after trying their signature Caniac meal I knew why they only had one thing on the menu, because you wouldn't want to order anything else anyway! The Caniac comes with 6 chicken fingers, french fries, grilled texas toast bread, and Cane's special sauce. The Cane's sauce is hands down the best dipping sauce I have ever had and the Caniac is more than enough to fill me up and I can eat! If you are in Vegas and are having chick-fil-a withdrawals, unfortunately Vegas has yet to embrace the king of chicken, Raising Cane's is a quite capable replacement and you might head home wishing that there was a raising Cane's in your hometown instead!
4	It's chicken fingers, fries, coleslaw and Texas toast. Nothing else. They just take those same things and mix them around a bit. BUT if you think that's a bad thing then you've never been there. It's simple, good, inexpensive food in Vegas. We loved that it was piping hot, fast and served with a smile. No need to study the menu... Want 2, 3, 4 or 6 pieces? Want coleslaw or not? Thats about all the decisions you need to make. We liked it and will probably have more before leaving Sin City.
5	This is my all time favorite chicken fingers! So far this place has the most delicious juicy crunchy tasty chicken fingers I have ever had! You can tell it actually came from a chicken breast! The menu here at Cane's is simple, you want chicken fingers with fries, coleslaw, Texas toast, or as a sandwich? Why complicate things? At least everything on the menu is good even the drinks! I love their sweet tea, and also their fresh squeezed lemonade, made fresh from real lemons everyday, (which by the way is not refillable and cost a few quarters more). Their secret ranch/ketchup/pepper dipping sauce is pretty bomb too, and if you want extra it's .50c more too, but hey am not complaining coz I LOVE their food! Also if you read up on their history it's pretty interesting too. So definitely try this place out if you haven't yet you are definitely missing out.
5	Best fast food chicken I have ever had...super cheap and filling. My meal was 3 pieces of chicken, fries, damn good toast and a drink. All for less than $6. Can't beat that!
5	Oh Cane's....I am in love with you! I ate here for the first time only a few short months ago and I can't believe I never discovered this place sooner. Every time I come in (which lets face it, it's at least once a week) the staff is always friendly and the service is quick.For $6 I can get 4 hot, perfectly seasoned chicken fingers, a whole lotta crinkle fries, the most amazing, buttery Texas toast I've ever ate and to top it all off... I get this blissful little cup of Cane's sauce, which is to die for. Really, $6? Best value for the quality of "fast food" you get...I can't even get out of McDonald's that cheap.Hold up....let me circle back for just a moment. Did I tell you home much I love the Cane's sauce? I dip EVERYTHING in it (including my fingers!). You only get one with your meal but I am willing to sacrific my coleslaw side for them to throw in an extra one for me. Plus if you need more, they're like 19 cents. Big whoop. This place is what dreams are made of ;) Swoon!
2	What's so special about this place? The sauce is okay, but Chick-fil-a has more choices of chicken and sauces. The "texas toast" I got was not even toasted.
5	4 strips, slaw, shoestring crinkles, smokey ranch, and texas toast = less than seven bucks.  Chicken strips were absolutely delicious, not overbreaded and not greasy.  Great, great, great for the lunch the day after partaking in the consumption of high octane beverages!
5	Looking for cheap and good food after a long weekend in Vegas? Well, this is the place you're looking for! I got the three chicken strip combo that came with a drink, fries and buttery bread! OMG...the bread is delicious!! You have to dip the bread in the sauce they give you. It's amazing...TRUST ME, YOU WON'T REGRET IT! And the sweet tea is just perfect too! It goes great with the whole meal! I'm definitely going back when I'm in Vegas again!
4	The chicken is soggy. The fries are soggy. Everything is deep-fried and horrible for me.So why do I find myself here at least once a week? There's something that keeps drawing me back to Cane's. Maybe it's the sauce. Maybe it's the super-moist chicken. It's probably not the always-friendly and borderline overly-enthusiastic employees, but they're certainly a nice bonus.Once I dip the chicken (and the fries, and the toast) into the Cane's sauce, any complaints of sogginess go out the window and all I want is more sauce. The fresh-squeezed lemonade and reasonable prices ($6.29 for three fingers, fries, toast, and a drink) are also appreciated.Even though nothing really stands out as mind-blowingly good, I find myself addicted to this little fast food chain.
4	not chick fil a but close to it- the sauces is good
5	If you are looking for fresh and juicy chicken strips, this is the place.  Great customer service and they get your order done quick.  Make sure to get a combo that comes with the toasted bread, so good.
4	The chicken strips were really good but the sauce they provide to dip sorta sucked. Maybe I can try it again next time I'm in Vegas...
3	Where's the ranch?!Came here before work for a quick bite. I ordered the chicken sandwich and three extra fingers on the side plus a medium drink. The total was 10.01, I gave the cashier a 10.00 dollar bill that I had on my hand ready thinking that it would be enough. She stood there waiting for me to come up with the missing penny, I gave her another 10.00 dollar bill and she gave me my 9.99 change back, I took the four pennies and placed them on the side so the next person that needed a penny could use them. When I got my chicken I realized there was no dipping sauce so I went back to the counter and asked an employee for some ranch for my chicken, the guy looked at me like I had asked for something no one has ever asked for and said " we don't have that."  can I get some BBQ then? " we don't have that either. "  you mean. You're out of everything? " No. we only carry our special sauce " ( ok, now that you made me feel stupid for asking for something weird like ranch dressing in a chicken finger place ), can I have some of your special sauce, please? " sure, that'll be 31 cents"  by now I'm wishing I would've stopped at a 7/11 and got a freaking hot dog, but luckily I had change thanks to employee number one. I handed him 35 Cents that he then handed to employee # 1 (cashier), she was busy taking someone else order so she sat the money on the side and took the four cents that I had previously left and gave them to me as change. WTF! And now that my rant is out of the way, here's my review........The Chicken is good and BYOD.     ( bring your own dressing)
5	The Cane's sauce goes great with everything -  fries, chicken fingers.  Love the toast! Love love the sweet tea! However, this location is very busy as it is in a tourist-y area -  being on LV Blvd and in the same shopping complex as the outlet mall.  If you prefer a less busy location, try the ones that are more local!  They have several close by.
5	What's not to like about this place? The menu is super simple; you order pretty much based on how many chicken strips you want. Their "Box" combo includes 4 chicken fingers, crinkle fries, a thick slice of Texas toast (buttery, garlicky and grilled), coleslaw and a cup of their lovely sauce, plus a drink. I love the following: the crinkle fries, since no one has them anymore; the chicken, which is crispy without being bready, moist without being soggy; the coleslaw tastes nothing like the slop at other chicken places; their sauce is to.die.for.; and they use crushed ice in their drinks, which I love, but I'm not sure why.Tips: you can purchase extra sauce, but it you sauce properly, one cup should do it. If you bring your dog through the drive thru, they'll sometimes give you a dog biscuit. Any business that has a soft spot for my pup is a good business!
4	Box combo is a perfect amount of food. 4 fingers, slaw, fries, Texas toast and a drink for around $7. Fresh cooked to order non frozen chicken fingers!!!!!
5	Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers and Texas toast are De.Li.Ci.Ous...especially after a night of partying it up on the Strip.  One of my faves is that they sell their sweet tea in gallon jugs so you can enjoy more of it at home.  Is there a RC location in California yet?
5	My bf was talking this place up so much, just had to try it. And I totally see why! The food is delicious!At first I was expecting something along the lines of KFC. But this was WAY better. Their special sauce, which seems like mayo + ketchup + pepper, doesnt taste like much on its own, but with the chicken, omg Im drooling just thinking about it. The chicken is nicely breaded without being too thick or greasy, the krinkle cut fries arent greasy either and have a nice crunch, the toast is thick and fluffy and nicely flavored without being greasy either. You might be able to tell Im surprised by the lack of grease. Other than the food, the place was a little messy, but it was pretty busy and they seemed short staffed. But totally willing to overlook that with their awesome food! Cant wait to go back the next time Im in Vegas!
3	I keep being dragged here. GRRRRRR!!!!As much as I want to dislike it, it's good. The sauce is yummy, the chicken (it's chicken strips what do you want?) it hot and tasty, the bread is nice, the fries are basic.
5	Normally when I think of chicken fingers, I think of over-battered insipid dried pieces of chicken just short of reaching jerky status.  And this is for the chicken fingers that I considered pretty decent.Raising Cane's chicken fingers completely shattered all my preconceived notions of what great chicken fingers were.  So moist and hot, they should come with a disclaimer, as the hot steam escaping from your first bite will surely burn you.  I doubt that one can even find chicken fingers so good in a sit-down restaurant setting.  The dipping sauce that it comes with is ok, akin to a peppery mayonnaise, but left me wishing that I had one of those little travel size Tabasco sauces.  Next time I will get it to-go or bring my own sauce.All of this for a price that even a college student would consider a bargain.
4	On a recent Vegas trip with my friends, we all got to select an activity that everyone must go to or do.  Mine was to go to Raising Cane's because I like chicken fingers and the last time I had them was over a year ago.  This Raising Cane's is located at the Las Vegas Outlets, so you can only imagine how crowded and busy it can be.  And if you think the one on Flamingo is a better bet, think again, it's just as crowded. We came during the lunch rush, it was also Labor Day too.  They also happened to have an event going on, a race car driver was there and they had a giveaway for a ride in his car.  I shared with my boyfriend, we ordered the Caniac which is 6 chicken fingers, Texas toast, coleslaw, fries, and a drink. Just as I remember it, tender and juicy.  As some may have said before, be careful on the first bite, these things are HOT, not spicy but temperature.  I think they cook the chicken to order.  I really like the sauce, it's peppery with the right amount of tangy-ness.  I think that's the whole reason I go!  If you haven't tried the sauce you should, because I didn't at first and didn't like the chicken, but the combo with together it tastes amazing!  The fries are standard, tastes like the Ore-ida brand.  If you like sweet tea, the sweet tea is good, especially with during the hot Vegas weather.  I like that they service the drink with crushed ice, I like it better than the cubes.  Personally, I don't like the toast, I feel it needs something else.  Maybe next time, I'll spend the sauce on it to see how it tastes, maybe that's what it needs.  Enough of this fatass talk...The service is good, everyone there is so nice.  You get greeted when you enter and when you leave.  I can't wait for my next Vegas trip, because Vegas locations are the closest locations to CA!
5	Cane's Rocks!!!!  My family and I eat here at least once a week and it is consistently wonderful.  The employees are usually younger, college or high school kids who seem to actually love their jobs.  Great energy, great food.  The dipping sauce is fantastic.  Get the toast buttered and toasted on both sides, makes all the difference in the world...and of course dip it in the secret sauce!Love the fries.  Always perfectly cooked so they aren't crispy or soggy.  Just right.Even my picky little eaters (ages 1.5 and 3) will devour Cane's.
5	Stopped by to pick up some drive through the other day.  The staff was above and beyond the most friendliest.  I was very impressed with them.
4	Cane's one love is Chicken Fingers. And they prepare them like nobody else. While I miss Chick-Fil-A, Cane's takes care of my chicken cravings in Vegas quite well. A Box Combo, add an extra side of their famous sauce, and a large sweet tea that is some of the best sweet tea I've found beyond what I make myself...and you've got a surefire lunch or fast dinner that always satisfies. Add in always friendly customer service and you can't go wrong by stopping here.
3	Eh.  It's fast food.  Not sure what the hype is all about.
4	This has been on my check list for some time and I finally got to try it!Crowded location since its next to the shopping outlets but fast service and clean!Moist, flavorful chicken fingers that aren't overly battered.Cane's sauce is comparable to Chick-Fil-A sauce but with pepper added. Texas Toast: Yum!And can you say all you can drink sweet tea?!?Definitely stop by if your in Vegas.
2	About as boring a meal as you can get without dozing off into your plate. Bland, plain and tasteless. The only part of the meal with any flavor was the large piece of salty bread. Avoid.
5	awesome chicken. Very fresh fast food
3	My review will strictly be on what I ordered:The Box Combo - Shared this with a friend and it was the perfect amount.  I'll start with the chicken fingers.  Obviously freshly battered and fried which makes a huge difference in the overall quality of the product.  Moist, tender, crispy, and simply seasoned.  The Canes sauce goes heavy on the cracked pepper, which I didn't mind at all.  The fries will crinkle cut fries which I think are fitting to the type of meal that is being served.  The coleslaw was pretty standard and on the sweet side.  The toast well...... I mean who doesn't love a warm, crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside thick piece of white bread with butter slathered on one side? YUM!OVERALL:  Pretty good place for what it is.  You don't find places that focus on chicken fingers so it's a great alternative for those who aren't so much into the 93457203975209384 burger joints in this country.Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
3	my friends were raving bout this place.. it was just ok for me.. the bread was fresh warm and not too sweet.. the chicken.. i admit it's better than kfc.. but we went back 3 times within 2 days!
5	I LOVE CHICKEN FINGERS! I could probably eat them every day of the week! But sadly, that dream is not going to be reality anytime soon!Reading some of my other Vegas Yelp friend's reviews, I bookmarked this place in hopes I could talk Minh into going before we hit up the outlets, which by the way is in the same area as this place!Don't look for anything fancy here; it's just a good ol' drive thru fast food joint. Except when you walk in ::drum roll:: its clean smelling and clean looking! All the employees are actually happy to be working and even greet you! Since we were having a late lunch, we decided to share a meal and went with ordering:The Box Combo:Four Chicken Fingers Fries Coleslaw Cane's Sauce Texas Toast Regular DrinkThere is plenty of seating inside, we found a booth but wasn't 100% clean. Maybe we sat down too quick. An employee was walking by so I asked him if he would not mind cleaning out table. Instead of the rude yeah okay. He was nice about it and even said sorry that the tabletop was not totally clean. Our number was called and Minh went to go get our food. When he got back to the table, the box was huge. The smell was inviting and the taste was the best! The chicken tenders were lightly seasoned and juicy! I had a bite of the coleslaw and that was pretty darn good too! Texas toast was out of this world yummi (I paid dearly for it over the next couple of days since I cannot really eat bread anymore) but it was worth it! Light and buttery this toast was thick!The Cain sauce had an interesting taste; it was a unique and went well with the fries (which were not oily) and the chicken strips!Raising Cane's was built from a dream one guy had. When others turned him down for loan he didn't give up instead he hustled and built his dream on his own. Todd Graves story is amazing along with his dog who the business is named after! I'm hoping that they will bring this urber rad fast food joint to sunny California soon, otherwise this will be on my list of must have again before we go shopping!!!
4	Decent place for chicken strips. Fast, friendly service.
3	The closest I'll get to Chick-Fil-A in these parts.  Decent food.  The highlight is their amazing sauce.  I don't know what's in it, but I will eat it on EVERYTHING - chicken, toast, fries.  Oh man oh man.  Parking kind of sucks since it's in a busy area and I have no experience with the drive-thru.Sweet tea is overly sweet... I usually mix half sweet tea, half regular tea + a packet or two of Splenda.  Meh.Service can be slow but at least the food is fresh.  Every now and again their chicken just tastes slightly off - I can't pinpoint why, perhaps different quality batches that come in - but the fries and toast are consistently good.This location is kind of close to where I live, but not close enough to make it convenient.  Also, the boo isn't too fond of it so I don't really go here that often.  If I am ABSOLUTELY craving southern-type chicken and have some extra cash, I may venture this way.  That's a big "may."  Honestly, I'd probably just go to any fast food place that was closer and end up spending less in time / gas / food.
5	The sweet tea and lemonade here is amazing. Don't forget to get extra dipping sauce either!
5	During a recent trip to Vegas, we ate at Bachi Burger, Border Grill, and Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace.  But the meal that we probably enjoyed the most (and was by far the least expensive!) was the quickie breakfast of chicken fingers and crinkle cut fries at 9am at Raising Cane's.  Chicken fingers and fries at 9am in the morning you ask?  HELL YEA!  You know that something was really good when you eat it and 3 hours later while driving down the freeway, you keep on thinking about how good it was!  Why don't we have chicken fingers like these in California?!!
5	This is a must have every Vegas trip now. Got hooked after the first time I stumbled upon this place. This location does seem to get busier than the Flamingo location since it's in the outlet mall shopping center. Not your typical chicken fingers as they are fresh and not overly battered. Batter often flakes off since it is light and just enough. Fries are thinner crinkle cut and crispy. Service is normally excellent, though did have a bit of a wait when I ordered a jug of sweet tea once, but that was a rare exception. Always friendly employees. And if you like sweet tea, they have one of the best.
5	Love their food, especially their sauce! Best place ever...we stop by every time we visit Vegas...wish there was one in California
3	Well, I'll give this place stars for frying-up-to-order chicken fingers, food came out nice and steaming hot and prices were really cheap!  It was the first time in awhile we've paid under $15 for a complete meal for two! Other than that, food was ehh okay for me.FYI: So you kind of know where I'm coming from...I really don't eat at any fast food places, some as long since 1998. Only reason why we were here was 1. Mr. B. is a fan of this place and  2. Everything in the proximity of the outlets were all fast food and 3. I'm fasting for Lent and it's was no red meat Friday.I ordered the smallest combo offered which was 3 chicken fingers, fries and Texas Toast and all I could think was it was super starchy! Lucky Mr. B ordered the larger combo that included coleslaw.  Since he doesn't like coleslaw and I hardly eat bread, I made a trade.  His coleslaw for my Texas Toast! I think it was a good trade! The coleslaw was nice and cold and crunchy..the dressing was a bit runny though.   Since I limit my intake of starches, I skipped eating the fries too.  Not a fan of the crinkle cut type anyway.   Chicken was good though. Good sized and pretty meaty and the batter was perfect golden brown and didn't fall apart when you took a bite. This place was pretty small  but easily accommodated everyone even though it was pretty busy. Set up: order and pick up your food when it's ready kind of deal. The employees here though brought out the food to the tables when they had time to.  Also one assigned to bus tables so the place was pretty clean. This place is one of the better alternatives for fast food and I would eat here again if I had to.
3	I am just happy I didn't get food poisoning this time!!!
4	this is going to be a super short review...because it is what it is a fast food restaurant that sells chicken fingers. The things that popped out to me was one the sauce made everything dope...the freshness of the fried chicken fingers , and the toast. We don't have this in California so i wanted to jump at the chance to try it. It was good i have to admit..this is a spot if you're in a rush to get the funk out of dodge or  need a filler for one of your meals in the day or something to fill up your tummy from a night of galavanting in a city full of alcohol. I'm a little disappointed that we don't have this in cali...but Bombskis nonethelessthanks Nicole and Jay for the heads up on it.
3	You can't go to any UNLV sporting event without hearing about Raising Cane's so I finally decided to try it one day.The first time I had it, simply amazing.  Now that I've begun to eat a little healthier I find that i feel really full right after and than lose energy a few hours later.I enjoy getting the sandwiches and the Cane's sauce is very unique and gives the chicken just a tiny kick.  For whatever odd reason I also think the ice cubes here are cool, well they aren't cubes but almost perfect circles or hail stones for your soft drink.Raising Cane's gives you a reason to root for the Rebel's as you get a free "Runnin Rebel" combo if they win (so expect a lot of canes in the winter, not so many during fall football ;) )
4	A reasonable restaurant with kind Waitresses. Thank You, Samantha!
5	We just had lunch here and the chicken fingers and fries were fresh and delicious. The friendliness of the staff is worth the 5 star rating alone, and even the customers in line to order were friendly and helpful.  The restaurant was spotless inside and out, as a matter of fact, a young man cleaning the windows gave us directions to nearby coffee shops. We were impressed by the food, cleanliness but most of all by the staff, these young workers really set this place apart from other fast food chains and we will be sure to stop in on our next trip to Vegas.
4	I'm not really a big fan of Raising Cane's, but my friend wanted to meet here for lunch earlier this week so I thought it'd be nice to try something different in the area. We arrived during the peak lunch hours and the place was packed. Despite the long line, the cashiers got the line moving quite quickly and were busy bussing tables to get them cleared for new customers. I was really impressed by the good customer service and teamwork I witnessed at this location. We got our meals quickly and happily ate our chicken fingers while we chatted. I'm still not a huge fan of the food, but I do like the sauce and Texas toast they serve with it. The manager even came by while we ate to check on us and make sure everything was ok.
2	Meh.We were starving in Vegas and nobody wanted to go to a buffet...bastards.So we drove down the boulevard and stopped at the mall lot to see what we could find. I was like, "that place looks busy, we should go."Anyway, we went in and it was bustling. Not gonna lie, there was a ton of ghetto going on from a whole lot of directions.But what can I say, I'm kinda hood too and maybe felt at home.The register dude was nice. Ok...so it must be amazing cuz hood people know what's up with chicken right?Well, not so much...honestly, it mostly tasted like floured chicken which I know that's what it is....but maybe add some flavor?The fries were those crinkled fries that tasted like the ones we'd get in elementary school, not bueno.The cane sauce, which they're stingy about, also not very good either.Las Vegas...do you have a Popeye's????
5	Can't ever go wrong. Fast chicken fingers!Food is always excellent. Always a handful of staff making the somewhat seeming long lines, shorter. Though most are adolescent and teens, looks like they train very well. I'd frequent if there were more locations :)Check out their catering menu too for those events you may throw at home. a bajillion + for SWEET TEA!
5	We visited raising canes based on all the great reviews on yelp and we were not disappointed. We found a new favorite place to eat in Vegas!  chicken fingers are awesome! staff is friendly ...cant go wrong with this location!
2	I don't get it.  these fingers have zero taste.  I do like the fries and texas toast.  one star for each.
5	This place is so good. Too bad there isn't one in California. And the guy who I believe is the manager is great and welcoming!!
4	Found this place going from the strip to the mts.  Great chicken place. Chicken was fresh and crispy.  Everything tasted good and seamed reasonably priced.
4	sauces are great friendly staff good food!!!!!!!
5	Love this place...
5	I'm from California i come here every time, whenever I go to vegas. Their chicken strips are delicious, it is soft and tender. Also, their toast are really good with their special sauce. Love this place!
5	Best chicken fingers in town.  This place is just spectacular, but don't tell your doctor you went there.  :)
5	I stumbled upon this place while outlet shopping....LOVED this place.  This place was busy but not crowded. Staff was friendly and treated you like a member of their crew - very refreshing and welcoming.  Chicken fingers, fries and Texas toast are excellent....and the secret sauce was out of this world.  Sweet tea definitely hit the spot  - especially on a hot Las Vegas afternoon.  Before leaving, I ordered a gallon of sweet tea (knowing I could not have anything like this in California.)
5	This place is bomb. Their sweet tea is like crack - delicious!Please come to California!
4	This is a tradition go to spot for me and my friends everytime we go to vegas, for fast food this place REAL good! I always get the 3 piece chicken combo, it comes with 3 pieces of chicke (hence the name) french fries, and garlic bread....First things first....the chicken: best thing about the chicken is that the batter they use doesnt taste fattening, its a thin light batter with just the right amount of crunch too it. Next is the garlic bread: The garlic bread is a must get! Its got a nice fluff to it alongside a nice crisp on the outside.One of the most important things to get is the dipping sauce! Its hard to explain what it tastes like but im gonna say its like a lightly peppered bbq mayo sauce with a hint of smokiness too it...its a must get when coming here. Id recommend getting extra if you wanna dip your fries, garlic bread, and chicken in it...which is what I do.
5	This place is amazing!I discovered it a few months ago and wished I had found it years ago!I don't really care for the Toast.  I guess it's a southern thing, but the Chix fingers and fries are great and the Fry Sauce is amazing!
4	Raising Cain is the "In-N-Out" of chicken fingers.  On many a trip to the outlet mall of Vegas, my wife and I always noticed a huge line up of cars at this place called Raising Cain.  So, this trip we decided we needed a carb fix and checked out the reviews on Yelp...and decided that this was the place we needed to finally visit.  Well the trip was worth it!  There are basically 4 selections to choose from and they range from a plate with 3 chicken fingers to 6...or a sandwich.  Fries and a drink included for a very reasonable price.  The chicken fingers are like nothing we have tried before...lightly breaded, deep fried, tasty and not greasy at all.  In fact after ordering "The Box" (4 chicken fingers, coleslaw, fries and a drink)...I really only needed one napkin.  My wife thought the chicken fingers were great but commented that the crinkle cut fries were more like the frozen fries you buy in a bag at the grocery store.  I have to agree...they were nothing special.  The much raved about dipping sauce was also very good.  A slight zing and mild black pepper taste added to the wonderful flavor of the chicken fingers.  The coleslaw was also tasty.  The restaurant was clean with ample seating...and the staff very friendly.  When we finally headed out the door a friendly staffer said to us, "Bye and have a great day".  How often does that happen these days.  The chicken fingers I rate a 5...but the fries lower my overall rating down to a 4.  Great place to go when you need a quick carb fix!  We will be back!
5	Love this place!!! They open at 9am. This is great for my husband and I since we work the Graveyard shift and want "lunch" food and not "breakfast" food :)Love the sayings such as the sauce is kickin etc..We always get the Caniac which includes 6-7 chicken strips, texas toast, fries, coleslaw and two dipping sauces.One of our cats Pumpkin wont leave us alone until we give him a nibble of the chicken!We will always return
5	Two words = crack sauce!I love Raising Cane's and I don't even like Chicken tenders! Ha! Unless of course it's from Raising Cane's! Chicken is so fresh and you can totally taste it!1 star = for all the cool combos, 3 finger, the box, and even one with 6 fingers. Can't go wrong with these options w/ different hunger dependencies.2 stars = crack sauce. I don't know what's in it, but it's bomb! Not too tangy!3 stars = Texas toast! What? Seriously so good. It doesn't even have to be super toasted, it's good warm and soft! Yum!4 stars = Crinkle Fries. Shoots! All my fries are crispy. I can't be more happier than that! Love them!5 stars = The story behind this place. Check it out:http://www.raisingcanes.com/our-storyHands down, a Las Vegas staple for fast, fresh, and great tasting food!
4	went here on a sunday afternoon and it was crackin! I personally like KFC better for my friend chicken fix, but this place was decent. It's basically a fast food joint with the standard chicken fixins. cole slaw, fries, fried chicken, chicken burgers, chicken fingers, etc. BUT! they have this sauce that looks like thousand island mixed with something spicy. this sauce also may have crack in it because it's so damn good. the sauce makes their dishes awesome!
5	5.0 STARSLocation Overview:Although this is the "closest" location (still pretty far) for any Henderson Residence, it is well worth the drive. The location is in a good area. This Raising Canes is next to an outlet mall and other food places. The location is good. No bad area other than the highway which is about half a mile away. A little congested with traffic but decent movement.Customer Service:I have gone to this specific location numerous times and I have always had great customer service. The employees show nothing but courtesy welcomes and a good experience. Food Quality/Quantity:The quality of this food has been more than perfect every time. I have never had any disappointing feelings towards the food quality at this location. Everything comes out hot and ready to eat. The quantity is more than enough. I have seen a 3 piece combo meal fill up a grown man and he is plenty full. Side Notes: It does take a little bit of extra time for the food to come out. This location is almost always busy with customers.
5	Mmm. Dinner here and it's so good. The chicken sandwich with cane sauce. Get here early cuz they are busy.
4	I came here for the first time last weekend while I stayed at my friend's house nearby.  It is a good "fast food" type spot.Yay:-Sweet tea: theirs is one of the best I've ever had! I like that they sell it by the jug.-Chicken Fingers: moist, crispy, and juicy.  Nothing like a chicken nugget where it's a bunch of mushed up chicken parts.  You can tell it's real chicken. It wasn't oily either which is a huge plus. The combos come with coleslaw, fries, and texas toast. Yum!Other:-Fries: I love fries but I felt like theirs needs some kind of seasoning.-Cane's sauce: I don't know what it is... I don't know if I like it or not but I think the chicken would have been good with ranch or gravy instead.
5	What can I say?  Its Cane's!Love it.  Standard, and similar to the other locations. Delicious.  Friendly staff.  Winner. :D
5	I have a child so I've tasted a lot of chicken fingers all over the place.  I must say these are the best I've ever had anywhere! You can taste the freshness! I love the crinkle cut fries but the styrofoam to go container they put them in tends to make all the food soggy by the time I get home. LOVE the texas toast!! Yummy, love this place! I count myself lucky if there's only 4 or 5 people in the drive through!
4	I like this place. A little pricey. But it is way better than the other typical fried chicken places. The chicken looked like chicken and tasted like it too. Closes commercial chicken you will get if you dont want to make it yourself.
4	Love this place! Try not to go here too often but I can't resist. Especially after shopping at Belz for awhile.It gets pretty busy at this location around 12 and on so get here early or possibly be prepared to wait around for a table. What can I say about Raising Canes but the fact that they have really great tasting chicken fingers. If there were a chick fil A nearby it could be a tough decision. The dining area is decent sized and they have movie posters, rebel memoribilia, etc as decor. Customer service was very friendly and at times they have promotions with UNLV sports.
5	Good quality fast food!
5	Amazing food. Nice employees. Even when its busy which is pretty much always you still get your food pretty fast.
5	The sauce is the boss and the chicken is ALWAYS kickin. Canes is such a great spot. First had it in their home state on Louisiana and was so excited to find that there are locations in Vegas. The service is always great. The sweet tea is a must. And theres nothing wrong with goin a little overboard and gettin a caniac! One recommendation, if your not high on coleslaw, with the box combo, you can change out the coleslaw for another Canes sauce.
4	Tailgate platter when feeding kids and their friends. Always consistent anf better than feeding them nuggets.
5	AWWWW YEHHHHHH IF YOU LOVE SOME CHICKEN FINGERS THEN THIS BE THE PLACE RIGHT HEREEEEEE.The place size is average, but you don't really have to worry about finding a seat. A table usually opens up every few minutes. Just order at the counter and wait till they call you up!To be honest the chicken fingers and fries aren't spectacular nothing really taste worthy. But their texas toast is what makes up for it. When that warm crunchy bread hits your lips and you take a bite out of it, you'll just know...that this is not game. I don't know how to describe the flavor but it's just so damn good! I also love love love getting their iced tea! It's always on point and if you have a sweet tooth this is the perfect drink to go with your hot meal ^^.Pro tip! You can substitute any of the items in your order for another item! I usually exchange the coleslaw for another toast :)If I could change anything about this place it'd be the prices for their cane sauce. They  charge so much for such a small sauce -__-
4	Their chicken is to die for; delicious and moist. So yummy.  I'm not a fan of the toast like everyone else but its ok. Try combining the hot sauce in the canes sauce. Soooo good. :)
5	Great chicken fingers! Sauce is delish and lemonade is the best.
4	I love Vegas, I find such great food and Raising Cane's is the newest of my finds. Had to go to Target and found this chicken finger gem. If you are a chicken finger person, you will be hard pressed to find better for a fast food joint!
5	Ahhh...Raising canes - the Chick-fil-a of Las Vegas. I do miss thy scrumptious chicken fingers!  Esp now that I see in my email that I am entitled to a free box combo with the purchase of another one..shniff.  Too bad I cant be back there til June. sigh
4	Good food and good service. I gave Cane's 4 stars only because they do not offer sauce other than their own sauce. I like my chicken with bbq. Food was tasty especially like their texas toast.  Have been to this location at different times of the day and although usually busy you can get in and out quick. The folks working the drive through are good for a laugh with their greeting. The meals come with fries and slaw, not being a slaw guy I double up on the fries or toast depending on my mood. Would recommend this place to my friends any time.
5	I love this location. Been to the Raising Canes in St Louis and I love that no matter which location you go to the quality of the food remains the same, great!
5	I love this place! Believe it or not, Raising Cane's is #1 on my list of what to do when I go to Vegas (twice/yr). Isn't that hysterical? I love their food, from the chicken to the bread and dipping sauce. OH, and their sweet tea! Thank you RC, for your recipes, wonderful workers and amazing food! I'll be back next time . . . . (I should probably open one in So. Cal!)
4	This is a simple chicken strip place, and they have a great recipe along with Texas toast, fries, and sweet tea.  I admit that I have a soft place in my heart for fried chicken, and the reason why I like this place is that they have one main entree and they've got it right.The place gets a good crowd going constantly; every table was full at 3 pm, which I consider the non-peak hour.  The restaurant is pretty clean, too.Oh yeah, I like to mix the Louisiana hot sauce (ask for it, it's behind the counter) with the dipping sauce to give it a little zip.
5	I love this place my girlfriend took me here one day for the first time and ive been hooked ever since this is my go to place. The sauce is really good as well as the chicken tenders they were fresh and had a really good taste to it and omg the fries were soo good that I was eating my girlfriends extra fries if you havent tried raising canes yet I recommend you give it a try you will be hooked as I was when I was first introduced to it and the customer service is excellent to can't stress that enough.
4	Today was my first time at a Cane's. I have been having a craving for fried chicken. I read some reviews on Yelp and decided to give this place a try.I was not disappointed. I got the box? Chicken strips, coleslaw, Texas toast and crinkle fries.The chicken was moist and tasty, the coleslaw was perfect, the toast was great and the fries were hot and fresh. The sauce was also very good, I dipped my fries in it, and wiped up the toast in the last of the container.I will definitely be back!Service was also very good, went through the drive thru.
3	I had a good experience at raising canes.  The chicken fingers were delicious and the sweet tea was spot on!  The place very clean for a fast food restaurant and the service was good.  I recommend giving it a try!
4	First timer at the place. Quick service, friendly staff, and clean place.  Simple menu and reasonable prices for a fast food place.  Food came out quick.  Chicken fingers were awesome.  Lightly seasoned breading. Fries were okay, somewhat dry and cold  but not greasy.  Texas toast was great. Sweetened tea was refreshing. Not a huge place and there was plenty of parking.  Located south of the strip on Las Vegas Blvd.
3	I love the simplified menu.  You know your going to get great chicken every time.  The only draw back is that the restaurant is super noisy and super busy any time of day.  The drive thru is typically very long but they do a great job of getting the line moving fast.  I like how they have people walk through and pick up your tray after your done, it shows they care about the tidiness of the restaurant.
3	The service was excellent. Food was hot. It was just your average chicken restaurant.
5	Oh how I miss this place. Their sweet tea is so good, I used to buy it by the gallon. Small menu so you know everything is always fresh. I love their sauce...mmm so good. Texas toast with butter on both sides was the biz. The only think I haven't tried there is the coleslaw, but I'm sure even that was good. Everyone is always friendly. The only thing is that it's always packed so you know it's good.Seriously need to open one in Southern California
3	Chicken strips!Heard a lot of people rave about this place, so I had to give it a try when I came to Vegas, and it was pretty good. This location was pretty busy since it was near the outlets so it was a struggle to try to find parking, but finally got in, the service was pretty fast. The menu had some pretty good combo deals I went with chicken strips, fries, and toast deal and it was pretty good. The chicken strip was flavorful, the fries weren't too salty, the bread was my favorite part of the meal, yummy! Also the canes sauce really is crack, make sure to put it on everything, yum!Overall, for a fast food joint, this place isn't too shabby; for a quick tasty bite in Vegas, id be back here for some chicken strips and toast :) Happy eats, loves! ^_^
4	Love this place! The chicken is always fresh, restaurant always clean and it's the closest one to the strip! And that sauce...
5	Some of the best chicken finger around!
4	Chicken strips southern style.   Love the chicken, the sweet tea and the sides.    Price is right at ~$7 for the combo.     Ask for packets of hot sauce.   As far as the chicken goes, it's better than KFC (better quality chicken)... different than Chick-A-Fil (less spices).      I think it's worth a visit if you're in the mood for fast food.   Nothing you should go out of your way.
5	Found this place on yelp when I hit "breakfast". Well it is a chicken fingers joint and they open at 9am so I guess it's considered breakfast.  But thank you Yelp for this as I have been to vegas numerous times, but never knew about this place. Who doesn't love chicken fingers, but many places will sell the already made and processed ones, but this place is legit.  The fries are great, coleslaw is delicious,  and the chicken fingers just melt in your mouth.  Try it for lunch or as a snack....I got the "the box". They also have their own sauce and its a combination of thousand island and something delicious.
5	First off, I love the ambiance. I love that they incorporated a lot of southern interior design from their walls to their floors. If you are new, I suggest you get "The Box Combo." It includes all their goodies: 4 Chicken Fingers, a side of fries, coleslaw, their infamous Cane's sauce (which I think tastes like Thousand Islands with some seasoning), Texas Toast, and a drink of your choice. Also, if you've got a big appetite, I suggest you get "The Caniac Combo." It is exactly what it sounds: 6 Chicken Fingers, extra fries, coleslaw, 2 Cane's sauce, Texas Toast, and a large drink! They also have a kid's meal. Service are super friendly. Love this place!
5	Great fast food with an awesome staff. Super busy but the cleanest dining room I have ever seen with crowds like that.
4	Raising Cane's lived up to the hype: it's good fast food, served in a casual atmosphere. It's much better than the rest of the chain restaurants in the area. I love the Box Combo: four chicken fingers, a pile of crinkle-cut fries, coleslaw, Texas toast, and a drink. The famous Cane's dipping sauce is addictive and is a perfect accompaniment to the chicken fingers. Although I didn't care for the coleslaw, the fries and Texas toast were just fine. The restaurant is clean and the servers are friendly. I'd recommend coming here with the family after a trip to the nearby outlets or you can go through the drive-thru on your way out of Sin City.
4	Can't get chicken strips anywhere else. Fast fresh and fantastic.
5	love me some caines!!!!
5	Bye bye KFC, hello to Cane's!  This place is in a different league - chicken fingers are crisp and delicious, not slimey. And fairly priced at $5.99 combo. I'll be back again
4	I give this place a 4 1/2. The chicken here is SO so so good. Honestly...if you don't like it I think you're completely insane. Some of the best chicken I've had in my life. And that sauce. Omg their sauce is delicious. I always need more than one because I can't stop eating it. The bread is super delicious too. It's also a great price. Absolutely love this place. The only thing that confuses me is that I have heard so many good things about the tea. I think the tea is so nasty. Everyone seems to like it. Not sure why it taste so bad to me.
5	MUST EAT, whenever I am in Vegas. I crave this stuff and it never disappoints.Sweet tea is yummy and their lemonade is definitely worth the up charge.YOU HAVE TO dip your Texas toast in the cane sauce!!
4	If you want some fast chicken, skip the kFC, el pollo loco, church's and head over here.
5	BEST CHICKEN FINGERS IN VEGAS! I went here for lunch with my old friends and they make the best secret cane sauce. I got the Caniac it comes with a bunch of Chicken fingers fries and even toast! but the best thing you should get at canes is their SWEET TEA! if you want a quick chicken fix! please head to canes! price is great and the atmosphere is clean and friendly
5	Raising Cane's is the best thing ever and I love coming to this place. The food is by far amazing and I love how they are very fast and efficient with your order and service. I hear they are opening up one on St Rose Pkwy right by my house and I am super excited for that to happen. They have the best chicken tenders, in my opinion, and they have the best sauce as well. That Cane's sauce is to die for and I love using it with your chicken, Texas toast, and fries. You can't even beat their prices at all. They give you about four chicken tenders, fries, Texas toast and a drink for about $7. That is a pretty amazing deal to me!
5	i usually write long reviews but all i need to say is once i found this place while living in texas. i went from weighing 220 lbs to 300 lbs. let that sink in on how great this place is!
3	01 Jun 2014, 12:00pWas looking for something quick to eat, but didn't want to go to any of the fast food chains we have here in LA.  I decided to check out Raising Cane's since it got good Yelp reviews.  Not having paid much attention, I realized after I entered that it's a chicken strips place.  Not really knowing what was best, I decided to order their most popular meal:The Box ComboI wasn't quite sure what Cane's Sauce was so I was game and decided to try it.  Had to get Sweet Tea with my combo and a little taste of the South that I like to indulge in when I can.My order was to go and I dove right in after returning to my hotel.  The chicken strips were a little different than what I would expect from a fast food place, even a diner-like restaurant such as Denny's.  I could immediately tell these were white-meat pieces of chicken.  The batter wasn't anything special, but I appreciate the fact that they don't use formed chicken.The fries were crinkle-cut which is also different from any other fast food place I've tried.  The Texas toast was probably the best part of the combo.  It was very soft inside and just slightly toasted enough to create a "skin".  The cole slaw was pretty good, too.  Needless to say, I pretty much devoured the entire meal as I was fairly hungry.  The sweet tea was just sweet enough, but not overly so.I would make a trip back to try some of the other combos, but as with most other fast food, I would probably choose a healthier place like Subway first.  The staff was incredibly friendly, though!
5	Simply satisfying.  Delicious chicken strips and sides - FAST service and everyone friendly as can be.  The only slight is the high carb menu - Texas Toast and Fries?  More slaw then. Otherwise,Highly Recommended.
4	A Box with extra sauce, cuz it's the Boss. With a sweet tea. YUM. 100% fat kid approved.
5	Thank you fellow Yelpers, you guys were right about this place!I used my Yelp app to locate chicken fingers. Brought me on over to Raising Cane's! I now understand why everyone talks about having to make a stop here. Amazing and crispy chicken fingers. Prices are amazing and the dipping sauce is delish! Do yourself a favor and order more than 3 pieces. You are going to go back and order more so just order 8 and you should be alright! :)
5	I love this place. Sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea sweet tea!!!!
4	I love their chicken.  It is always the same and taste great. They serve crinkle cut french fries with it. Their special sauce tastes great and I use it to dip my french fries as well.  Good sweet tea.Many times its hard to find a seat in there. It is definitely worth the wait though because the chicken is amazing.The only thing I notice is the portion for french fries aren't as big at this location as they are in other locations I've been to. If you are looking for good chicken and sweet tea this is the place to go to.
4	I know this is a fast food restaurant.... but I LOVE Cane's! Great food! Although I never finish it all, I always order The Box, so that I can have a taste of all the good food- it comes with chicken fingers, yummy dipping sauce, fries, toast, coleslaw, and drink! I appreciate the fresh brewed iced tea!
5	Excellent chicken strips, great sauce...very reasonable
3	I can only give this place 3 stars; I don't know if it's the night manager or the lack of attention on the night shift crew.  My daughter & her bf went to this place & this is the SECOND time this place has screwed up our order....this is not rocket science yet they can not seem to get it right.If you ask for unsweetened it's like they don't care, they just give you what they want in the drive thru.  I really don't understand how you can screw up unless you just don't care enough about your job and the customers you are serving.I don't like giving bad reviews but this is twice now.  Last time it was the number of pieces were shorted, tonight the drink order was wrong.  Is this what things are coming to, you have to double check the drive thru window.  You only handle one ticket at as time going out the window it really should not be that hard to pay attention to detail.Next time I guess the stars will drop to 2, then this place will be off my recommendation list not because of the food but because of incompetent leadership and workers...
5	Amazing food, place was packed so you know the locals love it!  Generous amounts of good for a cheap price!  Great friendly staff, I would for sure recommend a stop here!
3	I honestly don't understand what the hype is over this place.The food is alright, there's nothing special about it. It was pretty bland to me as well.Came here with my parents for dinner and as soon as we all took a bite, we looked at one another and said "Chick-Fil-A is better." Staff is nice and service is fairly quick. We sat down and probably waited 10mins until our food arrived and the place was completely packed.
5	if you're in Vegas and you want something delicious and fast that you can only get here and texas (from what i know). Chicken Finger HEAVEN!!!! oh yeah! dont forget the sweet tea!
5	Love it! Chicken strips and fries... strips are juicy and cooked perfectly. Their sauce is good mixed with hot sauce. Fast service.
4	First time here this past Saturday.  I enjoyed my chicken, fries, & slaw.  Most of all I love their Texas toast & SWEET TEA.didn't wait long for our food & staff was friendly. Prices are very affordable.
5	The line for drive thru was wrapped around the building so we went inside to place a to go order.  They gave us our food really fast!  I was truly surprised considering how busy they were.  The food is excellent and priced fair.  The place was new and clean and the employees were nice.  Would go back for sure.
4	Fast food....    Chicken fingers are good.    Fries are ok.   Texas toast is Yummy Yummy Yummy!   Lemonade is good.    Great for a drive-thru....    Quick and the price is right!   My son who usually doesn't like chicken fingers and he devoured these...
4	Decent food, good service, clean establishment.
3	Every time I come to this location, I'm never really satisfied. The pieces of chicken are always tiny & have hard end pieces & they only put a few fries in the to go box. I never really complained because that's how I thought it was supposed to be but then I went to the location on rainbow & it was amazing!! The chicken was a lot bigger & they put a lot of fries in my box. I was stuffed by the end of the meal & it was worth every dollar. I felt like the employees that work on rainbow put a lot more effort into making my food then they do on Las Vegas Blvd. I still love Canes though!
5	I will never turn down the opportunity to eat Canes. It's delicious. Go there now. Bring me some. Thanks!
2	SI like canes chicken , no fault with that.Affordable pricing Texas toast and chicken fingers, dipping sauce  are good.Below are my reason for giving only 2 stars to this fast food chain:Chicken tastes fresh when you eat hot. So don't wait until you get home.There are lot of school kids , when I went there. Could not really enjoy my food between those screams and shouts. Very noisy. Iced tea tastes good , often wonder how much sugar they might have used to make tea taste so sweet. Well if you are health conscious then stay away from the drink.
3	This place Raising Cane's I think is a bit overrated. I have heard from locals and visitors that this place is a must try for some legit fried chicken strips. I was really looking forward to trying this place out after all the hype. Walking inside there were tons of people and the line was fairly long but it being right by the outlets could be why it was crowded, just saying lol. The menu wasn't very big, it was quite limited. I expected more variety and more side dishes. I ordered a 3 strip combo which came with fries, bread and special sauce. The chicken was good don't get me wrong but it just didn't blow me away like I thought it would. The strips had a crispy crust which is always a plus, the fries were mediocre nothing special. The special sauce looked like thousand island dressing kind of but it sure didn't taste like it, can't explain the taste but it was a bit peppery but very good. Now the bread was my favorite part of the meal, it looked like it was a grilled hot dog bun of some sort. It was buttery and had a hint of garlic, it was so good!Overall the food was good, prices were ok and service was good but I feel as though it wasn't the best chicken strips I've ever had. I would go back but it wouldn't be my first choice.
3	This is the 1st time I had Cane's. So what's the big deal?? Hmmm..because I don't see it. They're OK, definitely had better chicken strips else where. I do have to say that I am picky with cole slaws and I've only ever like two different ones my whole life-now it's three lol. #sorrynotsorry I was actually a bit disappointed. Since everyone always made a big deal :/
3	Not sure if i am reviewing the right location (not from Nevada) but the chicken was very good.  Not generic chicken strips like other fast food places.   Very large portions.  Extra sauce costs more which isn't cool.  Coleslaw wasn't very tasty.  Would go back for chicken and Texas toast for sure
4	The chicken is 5 starThe sweet tea is 5 starThe Texas toast is 5 starThe Cain sauce is 3 star. The fact it is Cain sauce or nothing is horrible. Start offering Ranch Dressing.The fries are 3 star. Much better elsewhere.Overall 4 stars. Good place/good value.
4	How do they make the chicken here?I always assumed it was magic because I have never had a bad chicken strip here. The consistency in the chicken is superb. It's always very moist. The menu is basically Chicken strips, more chicken strips, and a chicken strip burger. You won't find variety here unfortunately. The Texas Toast that they have here is also very good and very popular. It's a big, fat, soft, buttered piece of toast they provide with every meal (except the kids meal, and the burger, I believe). The french fries are nothing too special and the coleslaw is decent, although I always tend to substitute it for an extra piece of toast at no extra charge! I believe the sweet tea and lemonade is made in-house and very good. I don't remember the last time I haven't had the sweet tea here.With this location in particular, you may find it VERY packed if you come at the wrong time. I believe since it's closest to the strip, and a lot of tourists have heard about this place. You might be waiting a while and scouting for a table. They have a drive through, but you might be waiting a bit as well if the line gets pretty long.Prices are fairly reasonable, ranging from $7-$10 depending on how many chicken strips you want and how big the drink is with the combo.I would stop and try this if you haven't been to a Canes before. This is a big favorite for locals here in Las Vegas. Everybody that I bring here for their first time ends up being addicted and finds themselves back here sooner than later!
4	This is a great place to get chicken tenders and fries. They have a special sauce and the Texas toast is a favorite of my son's. It get pretty busy, but so worth it.
5	I swear every time I go to Raising Cane's I think the workers hate me, because I always put in complicated orders that don't need to be complicated. The first time I asked for just a few chicken strips, without fries and just the coleslaw and texas toast. When it would have been much easier to just order on of their pre-set menus. The second time I asked for a party tray of chicken strips and a few cups of coleslaw and texas toast, and again it would have been easier to order one of their preset menus. Sorry Raising Cane's! I need to read your menu next time.but seriously though, that FRIED CHICKEN, TEXAS TOAST, and the SAUCE. SO GOOD.
4	Fried chicken, special sauce, tasty Texas-toast style bread, and crinkle-cut fries.If you can't get down with that, well, I don't know what to tell you, but Cane's delivers. Always hot and tasty, crispy, yet also moist and juicy - the Cane's way of chicken strips is one of the BEST. Add to this the tasty, slightly salty, crinkle-cut fries and you have a winning combo.This Cane's in particular is a busy and tends to be a tourist magnet as it is on LV Blvd and next to the Outlet Mall. However, even when it is packed, customer service is not lacking.If you want some chicken strips that you know will be good and you don't mind going to a chain, Cane's is always a good bet.
3	I had a gift card for Cane's and I stopped here last weekend.  The place wasn't too busy.  We found a seat and I ordered 3 piece combos for the two of us.The food was ready quickly and I waited at the counter rather than have the kid bring the plastic trays to the table.  During this time, I got the two iced teas we would have.The food was very hot and it was good.  I'd been to Raining Cane's before and I knew what to expect.  I got a refill of my iced tea before we left.My only complaint was they level of air conditioning.  Damn it was cold in there.  Cane's is a now and then kind of thing.  A drawback is it's very family friendly and the sometimes loud, howling youngsters detract from the meal.
5	It seems like they really stepped up with the chicken! It's been nothing but amazing lately & I go there every week! Great job!
4	The majority of reviews are quite correct. Great fast food with friendly staff. Ordered the "box" and wasn't dissapointed. Watching the other guests, everyone was enjoying the food, and all finished the entire serving, either a  clue that it was good, or a comment on our "growing" american obesity. Or both.
3	This is an interesting place. I'm from Southern California and we don't have Raising Canes there. However, I'm a big fan of chicken fingers so my boyfriend took me here. I'm only giving it 3 stars for the following reason... when I was ordering, I asked the waitress to tell me about the secret sauce. I'm picky about my sauces. I prefer ranch and honey mustard so I was just asking her about it. Her response was well it's a secret sauce so I can't tell you what's in it. I didn't ask what's in it. I wanted to know is it spicy, mild, creamy? That pissed me off so I was in a bad mood by the time I got my food. I don't appreciate getting attitude from a 17 year old kid. It was my first time there. I was just asking a question. My food was good, but the girl at the counter ruined the moment for me with her attitude.  If you love chicken fingers like I do, then I recommend this place if you're in the area. Just don't expect fabulous service.
3	After hearing and reading about how good this place is, I was excited to finally try it out last weekend. However, nothing from the meal really stood out as crazy good. It definitely wasn't bad, just didn't live up to the hype. Pretty good sauce, nice tenders, standard fries, and alright toast. My dinner was lacking a wow factor. But I'll give it another go the next time I'm in town just to make sure it just wasn't an off night.
4	Eat here at least once a week ,best chicken fingers around! Always fresh, and with fresh hot fries too. The lemonade tastes amazing as well.The only thing that would make it better is if it had cheaper ala carte tenders, and more sauce selections than just one.yum
5	Delicious! (Way better than KF.... The other chicken joint) Tender chicken with crunchy skin, excellent fries, & garlic bread! My mouth is watering just thinking about it!
3	I love this place, the food is addicting.  I don't care much for the Cain's sauce but yesterday, Veterans day if you mentioned you were military or a veteran they gave you a 10% discount on ONE item which saved me 70 cents.Most places around town offered a free meal to military and veterans or a discount on the entire bill, I guess Cain's is appreciative but just not as much as the rest of the U.S.I found out while doing their survey that they have a Caniac Club, a Cain's member card which I nor my daughter's bf have ever been told about and he goes there like 3 times a week.  I guess that boils down to the staff and the management at the place, it is just not something they push.Anyway, the food is good, they do screw up the orders from time to time in the drive thru, not sure how they manage that but they do.  I have complained about this location to the manager twice about not getting what I ordered in the drive thru and they treat you like you are lying. I guess when you do as much business as this location does, customer service and care is not really that high on the list for them.  Yes, I will still go to Cain's as I really enjoy their food, but may start driving a little further to another location.
5	How can you give anything but five stars? Service is swift no matter how busy. Chicken is phenomenal and they have the best ice tea. Employees always seem happy and have a smile on their face.
5	My favorite place to eat chicken fingers at is definitely this place. I love it so much and always good service and nice people. The bread always warm and just so soft. The sauce that comes along with it just makes everything taste so much better. I always recommend everyone to try Canes. ONE LOVE
4	I have been a fan of Raising Cane's ever since I first tried them at a booth at Bite of Las Vegas back in 2007. It is a blessing and a curse that this particular location is in the same shopping center as my work. It is amazing to see how much this business has grown. I remember when there were only 2 locations and now there are 7! It is no surprise considering that the food is so good. The menu is so basic, but it packs a little punch. The selection is variable, but a basic combo contains chicken fingers, fries, texas toast, coleslaw, and dipping sauce. The chicken is always cooked to perfection. (Except for during my last visit when it was overdone, but that was Black Friday and they were busy, so I guess I'll overlook that this time.) There is also a chicken sandwich available. It's just a sandwich with chicken tenders tucked inside. The crinkle cut fries are a little bland, but a little ketchup can always help that. Their texas toast is freaking amazing! A little crispy around the edges, soft and buttery in the middle. I'm not a big fan of coleslaw, so whenever I order, I always replace my coleslaw with an extra slice of texas toast. And that is the beauty of this place! If you find that you don't like something, you can always replace it with something else! The Cane's sauce is unlike any other dipping sauce I have ever tried. It kind of looks like thousand island, but the flavor is hard to explain. I have always loved it, but if you're not a fan, they have honey mustard available. This particular location always has great customer service. I primarily use the drive thru and always chat it up with the cashiers. They are so nice and friendly. Give Cane's a try if you haven't already! They have grown for a reason!
5	I love the chicken fingers at Raising Canes! You can always expect a hot meal, quick service and friendly staff! I would like to commend Brandon at the drive thru window 12/04/14 for his excellent service! It's amazing how far a little kindness can go!
4	So Cane's does have the best fingers I have had so far.  This location is close to home and the staff are ok, they are not the friendliest but I am not there to make friends, but to get some good food. Last night the oil smelled like it was time to change it but it did not leave an after taste which was good.It is food I should not eat often but it really fills a void when hungry late at night and now I found out they have a Canes club card, oh yes.A good place to grab some quick food that will not disappoint.
4	Yummy chicken strips and tasty sauce. Oh and the Sweet Tea is the best I've had on the West Coast.  If you like ice, they have the little crunchy cubes ;). We got the 6 pc strip meal, it came with a drink, Texas toast, fries and two sauces of your choosing. They specialize in strips so you'll find no burgers at this joint, the menu keeps it short and sweet.
