1	As we went fleeing from Hi-Scores, we ran into one of my co-workers, who had finally gotten there after mass traffic on the 215. Well, we didn't want her to feel bad, and I wanted to hang out with her some, so we tried the next door "property" to Hi-Scores, The Player's Club.If Hi-Scores is the unnecessary sequel to Insert Coin(s), The Player's Club is the very unnecessary sequel to that. It is the "Adventures of Lolo 3" of the barcades.We were told The Player's Club was meant to be a more lounge-y, suave version of Hi-Scores, and when we walked in, it did have a very man-cave feel with cushy chairs.But unfortunately, the problem was it was too much like Hi-Scores. The menu was exactly the same. The game area was even SMALLER, with a few foosball tables and pinball machines.The kicker was when I ordered a Red Bull & Vodka. I swear this is what went down.ME: I'll have a Red Bull & Vodka.SHE: Is there a certain type of vodka you want?ME: [pleased by this] Sure, can I get Skyy?SHE: Okay, we'll get that started.[Few minutes]SHE: We don't have Red Bull. We have Monster though.ME: Oh. That's fine.[Few more minutes]SHE: Um, we don't have Skyy. Would you like Grey Goose, Belvedere...ME: Really? Uh, Grey Goose, I guess.So my Red Bull & Skyy has turned into a Monster & Grey Goose. Fine, whatever, par for the course for the night. A few more minutes pass, and (I'm still not kidding) the dingy server brings me a shot of Grey Goose and half a lowball of Monster, no ice.I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. HOW DO YOU SCREW UP A RED BULL & VODKA???I actually had to go up to the bartender and ASK for a glass of ice. I took it back to the table, threw the shot over it, then poured the Monster on top. And when they billed me, I was billed a $7 vodka shot with a $2 Monster "bump."If they thought they had any shot of me coming back, that got "bumped" right off the table.
5	Very cool feel at The Players Club.  Love the food there -- especially recommend the sliders, which are absolutely terrific.  I went with a group of girls and we shared different cocktails off the menu. Creative, tasty and not too pricy!  We loved this place and will be back soon!  (Maybe tonight!!!)
5	I took a group of 18 people for a party.  There was something for everyone.  My friends watched the football game, enjoyed great drinks and played many of the classic video games and poker games that were available.  We had a fabulous dinner that was a great value.  To top it off, they provided a delicious on-site baked birthday cake for our celebration.  The staff was very friendly and attentive. I highly recommend this place for a fun night out. I understand they serve a great breakfast too.
5	I can't say enough great things about The Players Club.  After recently moving here I've been looking for a "Cheers" bar where everyone knows my name...the food, the fresh drinks, Brian the bartender, the Wednesday music and all you can drink wine all make my heart go pitter patter.  It's a compilation of it all that makes me frequent The Players Club at least once per week if not more.
4	Small bar and not crowded. Ordered a few cocktails with a friend. The bartender was friendly and even joked around with us.
5	We went to the high scores side of the building.Great unique food, loved the bacon wrapped corn dogs! Excellent job! While I waited for my food I played games in there 80's style arcade(no coins needed,free!) I almost missed my food :) the service was top notch! Tiffany changed the channel to the game I wanted and when another guy came in and asked to change it to yachting she told him, sorry that gentleman was here first, I'll change it after he leaves, and happily changed one of the other Tvs for him. Nice job girl! I'll be back for Monday night football and the BBQ pork French fries!
1	Not bad spot food ok but went to watch football and swing bartender came on and was spending more time fighting with her boyfriend than figuring out how to get games on. Sat in silence with blacked out TV's for the second half of all the games. Glad I don't own this place! Cashed out and went to Timbers next door.
5	Wendy is the top 'Drink-Slinger' in the area. Everybody needs to come and check out The Players Club.
5	Love this place, close to home, great food and drinks & Witney DJs like a Boss! Always a good time.
5	Whit, Mike and Lucia are the best hands down.  They have rare bottles you can't  find at a regular gaming bar. This  has definitely become one of my favorite spots
