3	Traveling for work, I selected this hotel for location and cost. I paid $137 for one night compared to the $229 a night that Renaissance wanted. I absolutely can't stand for me or my company to pay that kind of money to sleep and shower. The front desk staff were friendly and accommodating.  My room was clean and comfortable, however, though the A/C unit in the room kept the temp perfectly cool, the unit itself was loud. It had a repetitive humming noise that was hard not to listen to when trying to fall asleep.  I also admit to being a travel-sized toiletry addict and I hate it when hotels put out stinky, cheap toiletries. Good thing this one does not. Added bonus: they place an aromatherapy kit on your pillow to help you relax. It consists of pillow spray, facial lotion and foot rub. I had the place smelling like a day spa!  If the A/C unit would have been more quiet, I'm sure I'd have slept through the morning alarm. Solid choice for the Charlotte area if it's just a quick overnight trip. I'd stay there again for sure.
2	Wasn't a bad stay, but I would never eat there as there was a spider in my friends pasta. Quite disgusting I must say.
5	I was quite impressed w/ the fact that the hotel was quiet and there wasn't a middle school sports team or cheerleaders running around the hallway on our floor or the floor above us or below us. That happens to me every time and I swear to God I'm going to go bat shit crazy on the next team that keeps me awake in a hotel because they're using the ice machine to have an "ice fight". Seriously, have you heard of the Overlook Hotel? Look it up! Jack Torrence's little shenanigans will look like child's behavior compared to what I might do to that team. But I digress... There was no team... none of that happened... this time! All that being said, I had a great stay, I was able to get away from the kids for the weekend, I reconnected w/ my wife and I had an overall great experience! 5 Stars all the way Crowne Plaza! And if I didn't have family in Charlotte I'd come back for another stay. But, don't worry I'll recommend this hotel for others so you can continue getting safe and trustworthy customers such as myself!
4	I really enjoyed the bar here.  It is a sectioned off bar/restaurant and has a nicer feel than the Marriott/Hilton business hotels -- you aren't here drinking alone because you are stuck here; you are drinking at some local tavern in anytown, USA which could be down the street from home.  Bartender was phenomenal and took the edge off of having to stay in Charlotte for another evening (airplane mechanical problem).  Check-in/out was pretty standard; staff friendly enough.  Very professional.  The side of the hotel that faces the highway is a little loud, but getting a room switch is easy enough.  Rooms could use a little sprucing up/renewing, but overall no complaints.
4	Crown Plazas are the top end of IHG's line of brands so I'm always pleased when I can stay at one at a decent rate.  That was true here.I had a great time during my stay and everything was fine as expected for a high-end property.HERE'S THE DEAL. This hotel was formally a Marriott and changed to Crowne Plaza in June of 2013.  They are getting ready to start a multi-million dollar remodel.  My stay was before it started. IF YOU ARE CONTEMPLATING STAYING HERE, I'D GIVE THEM A CALL AND FIND OUT THE STATUS OF THE REMODEL BEFORE YOU COMMIT.  YOU MAY GET A GREAT RATE BUT FIND YOURSELF IN THE MIDDLE OF A CONSTRUCTION MESS!I love Crowne Plazas so I'll be checking myself and can't wait to see the end result.
4	I was, unfortunately stuck in Charlotte as my flight from NYC took forever to depart.  By the time I arrived, I missed my connecting flight.  I head on over to the US Air Club and a wonderful lady, Alicia helped me find a flight for the following day along with a hotel recommendation which is the Crowne Plaza.  Although the CP offers a free shuttle to and from the airport, I took a taxi instead as I was too tired to wait for the shuttle.  On my way there, the driver mentioned that the CP used to be a Marriott property, it is however located in a nice area, although the hotel itself does not look bad, it can use some updating especially the rooms, nothing exciting except that the beds are comfortable along with the added perk of a lavender spray for the pillows.  The room service was actually good, for a hotel food.  The employees are very friendly and helpful.  Overall, I will stay here again if I ever get stuck in Charlotte.
4	This review is for the meeting space, as I did not stay in one of the rooms. I hadn't been here since they re-branded the hotel as a Crowne Plaza from the former Marriott. However, things don't seem to have changed at all. Easy accessible from 77 right off exit 5, the parking lot is large enough to accommodate several large meeting rooms along with guests of the hotel. When we arrived the room was set up with table cloths and we had coffee, tea, and all the "fixins" to go along with getting us started for the day. We also had some stuff that the company had brought in to snack on as well. There was water, tea, and soda in the back that also appeared to be company provided. The setup worked well most of the time until I was in the back of the room. It was hard to see presenters, but I was able to hear the whole time. We also got to eat lunch at the hotel. It was prepped and ready to go about 20 minutes before lunch, was well staff, and didn't appear to ever run out of anything. My favorite was the mushroom raviolis. They also had salad, chicken parm, and desserts. Pretty on par with hotel foods. The service provided was great, and I think that it should be noted, all the staff were wonderful.
