4	This place is just a couple miles away from my house, so I have been watching it like a hawk! I came in with my boyfriend on grand opening day (today), which happened to be a Monday, the only day they're suppose to be closed. The place Was fully stocked with EVERYTHING. Macarons in every color of the rainbow, different flavored flans, cakes (whole and slices), eclairs, tarts, cookies, croissants, banquettes, etc. We came in for pastries, but my boyfriend ended up with a sandwich combo (iced tea, French onion soup, roast beef/pesto sandwich) for $9.95. I ordered a 12oz latte ($3) and a few macarons ($1.10ea) pistachio, pistachio/chocolate, and rose. The soup was very flavorful. I didn't expect it to taste that great, so I was pleasantly surprised. The sandwich was a pretty generous portion, considering the combo price. You get a whole croissant with loads of meat inside. I didn't try it since I'm not a big roast beef fan, but my bf killed it pretty fast, so I'm assuming it was good. The espresso was nicely made considering it came from an automatic machine and it went very well with my 3 delicious macarons. The guy accidentally gave me a ginger macaron instead of my rose macaron. Luckily I really like ginger, so it was a satisfying mistake, but I only took a bite before trading it for the rose macaron! All the macarons were very fresh with a light, crisp outer layer and soft center. They all tasted exactly like you would imagine the flavor to taste. When I had a bite of the ginger, I felt like I ate a piece of the actual root! And when I ate the rose macaron, I imagined smelling a bouquet of roses. Overall, this place is amazing. I usually expect a few kinks when going to a brand new place, but all the food and pastries we had were amazing. This would've been a 5 star review, but I felt like the customer service wasn't equally distributed. We were sitting just two tables away from a couple that the cashier/server constantly kept checking up on and conversing with without checking up on us a single time, even after I had to exchange the macaron he mistakenly gave me. He even gave the couple some complimentary pastries (not exactly sure what they were) to try. I just feel that he should've at least checked up on us or talked to us if he was going to constantly give them special treatment.
3	This kooky-looking former fast food space is actually a pretty cool place to get some tasty treats- specifically macarons!Went in for a late afternoon pick me up, grabbed about six maracons to share with the BF, packed in a takeout box for dessert. Then decided I should probably eat real food before eating sugar, so I got a mushroom and goat cheese quiche heated up to go.The space is clean and the pastry case is packed: different quiches and sandwiches on one end, tons of different macaron flavors in the middle, and more classic pastries and meringues on top and on the end. Anything you can think of is here: regular eclairs, coffee-flavored eclairs, fruit tarts, a strawberry shortcake-looking confection, both lemon and cherry meringues, regular meringues, more cakes I don't know the name of, and even some stuff that isn't in the pastry case.I tried the pistachio, rose, coffee, ginger, and peanut butter macarons and they were all tasty- listed in increasing order of preference. I could eat a box of the peanut butter ones on my own.Then there was that quiche. It's large, and the goat cheese is super tasty. But even though it was heated up for me, the eggs seemed undercooked and it was in need of some salt. And my takeout box was not packed with any utensils or napkins to eat with, which was a little bit of a headache when I got back to my office- I'm new and haven't stashed any spare utensils away yet. Eventually I used chopsticks and my hands. Seriously.Sad to say that I subtracted an extra star due to weird/borderline rude staff: I was helped by a younger gentleman who tried joking around that every item I ordered was out, or "just for display", before chuckling and packing it up for me. It was awkward, not funny, and it got old fast. Establish rapport before cracking that joke, or maybe do so with a smile- it came off as really rude for my first visit.
5	I usually go to Patisserie Manon in Summerlin to get macarons but saw they opened this location which is a bit closer to me. I figured I would get some of my favorite salted caramel macarons. I was so surprised when I pulled up and saw the sign Drive Thru Now Open. My one year old had fallen asleep in the back and I hate carrying her in just to get cookies. I LIVE for drive - thru windows and I wished every business had one as it is such a hassle to wrestle my small kids out to run in somewhere for 5 minutes. Now I can get my macarons at a drive- thru. How awesome is that! Their croissants and cakes are also excellent.
2	Since Camille is basically Manon's second location, I expected it to be of the same (or better) caliber. Of course, it is still a new business and I give it a little bit of a handicap for that, but come on, they're not new in this game. One thing that really makes a difference is whether or not they make their desserts in house or drive it from the original location. Whatever it may be, the macarons here are nowhere near as good. There is absolutely no crunch upon biting and the chewy texture is more on the goopy/thick side. I ordered some food, including a French onion soup that took a very very long time to arrive, despite us being the only customers for over 15 minutes. The cashier girl is friendly, which is welcome, but everyone else seemed to be inexperienced in customer service. In addition, no one seemed to be native French as with most of the employees at the original location. Therefore, the place seems less legit and more like a distributor of Manon's desserts.I really wanted to like this place but you know your servers need more training when they don't notice the black specks in the water they give to customers - on a slow day to boot.
3	Hungry and wanting something lite and easy I thought I'd drop by this French bakery. Well for a start id like to point out, I went through the drive through, so I was unable to see what was inside. I'm guessing this was a sonic or jack in the box before as it seems to be the Normal format  for a fast food drive in.Order some macaroons, chocolate, red velvet and mint. The mint ended up being blue and didn't realize until after, my teeth were all blue after. They were all very tasty.Also ordered ham and cheese quiche which was beautiful. Word to the wise, if you eating out of your car, make sure to ask them to heat up your food if you need be. For sure a place I'll head back to
4	I've had my eye on this since I saw a sign proclaim French Bakery coming soon. I saw this sign in the beginning of 2014 before the Blurr of 2014 started. My mama took me here, we split a French Onion Soup and the Quiche Lorraine. The soup was on point, not overly salty, but full of lots of tons of onions, a savory broth, a perfect amount of Swiss, and the perfectly crusty, fresh parcels of French bread; an enchanting combo.The Quiche Lorraine was light, fluffy, with bits of bacon and just the right touch of cheese. The crust was divine and flakey, really wish their was more than that.What really stands out about this place, these desserts. Holy bananas! How nice is it to eat macaroon that truly looks homemade? And there are flavors from strawberry to salted caramel to pistachio. All yum! There are several varieties of elcairs, cremes, and fluffy pastries, with more creme and highlights of fruits. OMG. I can't sing their praises enough.Why minus one star? I didn't feel the hospitality, warm friendly welcome. The place had no real ambiance. I didn't feel comfortable asking the counter staff about certain items. My mom never got to try her tasty apple tarts. The food is excellent, the atmosphere can use some help.Can't wait to try the espressos and more of the pastries. Will be back.
4	This new outlet by the owners of Patisserie Manon has many of the items the original on West Charleston has.  It seemed like the amount of items was less than the original, but there were still a lot of good choices.I liked the variety of flavors for the macarons and at $1.10 each, they are nicely priced.   I thought they were completely comparable to the original store.  I also got a raspberry torte which was very good.I'm not sure I'd stop in here very much. The original one is much closer to home and it can be dicey with the traffic to get across Rainbow if you need to getting into or leaving the location.The seating area in the front of this former fast food restaurant is larger than the location on West Charleston but I never had an issue with that.  And, for those who want a quick visit, a drive through for a bakery is a bonus of their new location.A solid bakery with some good stuff!
4	Was always curious about this place since the "Coming Sign" caught my eye. Finally came for lunch and I think I might become a regular. Their bread is freshly baked, desserts are tempting and so delicious! Love the salad that comes with toast topped with warmed goat cheese. Seeing as that this establishment is still pretty new, I think the staff are still learning the ropes, so there are a few hiccups in service. Overall, I had a good experience and would recommend.
2	Items Selected:Caramel and White Chocolate Chip FlanApple TartChocolate Almond CroissantBear ClawMacarons - Salty Caramel, Peanut Butter, Pistachio, Cherry, Blueberry, CoffeeLocated on Rainbow in a repurposed fast-food parlor complete with drive-thru and far more seating than Patisserie Manon on West Charleston my visit to Camille was largely a result of Bachi HLK's changed hours and having not been terribly impressed by the original my disappointments carried right over with only two of ten selections proving memorable in the least.  Copiously praised for their haphazard macarons, uglier than most albeit far cheaper, suffice it to say that artificial flavors and colors are the rule at Manon and although the caramel and cherry both offered a crisp break into creamy filling the others were frankly gummy and unappealing even for $1.10.  Moving on to laminated pastry, a tiny bear claw proved neither French nor interesting with a dearth of filling while a pancaked croissant covered for artificial almond tones with too much chocolate and questionable freshness as it was cool to touch even seconds after staff opened the doors.  Taking a cue from a young server for my final selections as they hadn't yet made anything choux it was in butter pastry that I finally found some reprieve for Camille and although I'm rather certain the apples on my tart came from an HFCS-labeled can the lattice itself was lovely, a trend equaled in the base of the decadent flan with sweet eggy tones punctuated by pockets of cocoa and a ribbon of caramel.
4	We stopped by this new location of Patisserie Manon. We have our certain favorites and we got our usual to see the consistency. We picked up cakes as we had visitors. Chocolate mousse, black forest, and the graham cracker seemed to be the favorite, with the fresh strawberries and cream being OK as the result of the strawberries being tart and needing to ripen. I got a chocolate almond croissant and it ended up being a bit soft on the bottom with it being late afternoon, but still tasted good.  They offer the exact same menu of pastries and food as the Patisserie and seems to taste okay. I'll probably be back soon for cake slices.
5	We had come here a few times to buy pastries and macarons (best in Vegas), but decided to have a meal here this time. My wife ordered the boeuf bourguignon and I had a prosciutto sandwich on a fresh baguette both with side salads.I have had many prosciutto sandwiches and some made with Spanish Jamon as well but let me just say the sandwich was truly amazing. The aroma and fragrant flavor of the aged ham was both sweet and slightly salty. The ham combined with the goat cheese and the cornichons made for interesting food paring. My side salad was a Chevre Chaud salad , yes warm goat cheese and walnuts with baby lettuce and cranberries, with the incredible house dressing (with horse radish).I tasted my wife's slow cooked boeuf bourguignon and this burgundy based wine classic with notes of bay leaves and thyme is something I will try next we go there.I was so glad they opened this store on Rainbow as it is closer to my home. For years I visiting their sister store Manon Patiserie located on Charleston every time I had a craving for "real" french pastries.
1	Worse place ever, not only the service but the price and foodThis is why nobody beats Starbucks
1	I was just there and completely ignored for five minutes so I walked out.  Everything looked and smelled good but I won't eat or spend my money at a place where I'm not welcome. Avoid them unless you like rude people.
1	I didn't realize a latte took 10 minutes to make and still come out cold.. Hm? Tried to get the girls attention from drive thru window and she just waived back at me. Not quite sure this place grasps customer satisfaction.. This place has a lost a regular customer (if they even have any) in me.. I demanded my $$ back asap did not want to wait another second!!! Other than that I Love the croissants but not this place! Will drive out of my way now to get a better experience next time!
3	This review is based purely on savory and not desserts. Will be back to get the flan for certain. Flan looked gorgeous and real flan, not some runny mess of a disaster. I have not been to their other outlet.Ordered for takeaway beef bourguignon, spinach quiche, and split pea soup. Bourguignon was adequate because i was hungry, but could have been so much better. If they had used egg noodles instead of thick penne, better balance, or nothing. Also noticed that the owner asked the server to put some of the stew back from the container into their vat de la beef which was tacky and also not sanitary. Wondered what they may do w any leftovers!  They also added hot water, and way too much so it was like a thin broth. Stew was mainly carrots with decent quality beef and a bit of onion thrown in which was prob from their onion soup. That was about 12.50$ and not of substantial quality for the price but again, they could improve. Would have been surprised if they had used any wine in the cooking process.Quiche was bland w a serious smoky flavour, and split pea was eh, and had a smoky taste too. May have been bacon they were using.They have a drive thru which was interesting. Place had been a Carl's Jr. Know this as some motif was left behind which they may want to remove. Will try again since they are newish. Server was so friendly and lovely. Owner was not so much but sort of goes w territory.
5	Everything I've had here has been very good! The chocolate cakes was amazing.. Great choice of macarons and good price. The quiches are also delicious!
5	This was a great place to eat. Sister and I shared a bowl of French onion soup and Pork Navarin and we both were so full. Food was excellent. Will tell all about it. True French cooking and pastries.
5	This place is amazing ! Great food, great location, very friendly service ! Definitely my favorite French bakery in Las Vegas !
5	I often have to have short meetings with clients... and they ALWAYS suggest Starbucks - where 20 other little groups are always meeting. Now when I can I will be trying to direct them to Camille by Manon. The wifi is 100x better, the staff is friendlier, all of the food i've tried, from sausage croissants to desserts has been amazing... I hope to never have to deal with a Starbucks meeting again.
4	Stopped by for a bite to eat for lunch. My mother ordered the quiche special and I ordered the house salad with French mustard dressing. Wealso had a delicious baguette, mine with goat cheese and my mothers was plain.The food is of very high quality; very fresh with delicate flavors. The portions were so generous we couldn't fit in dessert. It is a shame as the desserts looked sublime.
5	The best macarons in Vegas so far for me and it's a great price at only $1.10 a piece!Love ittt
1	We bought a box of 20 macarons, ate some of them in the restaurant together with an eclair and flan. The place is pretty old and clean but smells like cheap cleaning material. When we got home, we tried to eat our leftover macarons but to our disappointment they all tasted "cheap cleaning materials". The smell of the cleaning products was in the box of macarons! We have to throw them all away coz it was so disgusting! Not recommended!
