4	I shop here mainly for apples and berries during the year but in late May into July it's wild salmon season.  This week it is Copper River Silver Salmon.  Fresh fish is delivered Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday so plan your visits accordingly. I know I will be there next Tuesday for more Copper River Salmon. Don't get in my way or you may get trampled by the man with the blue Ivar's of Seattle "Keep Clam" hat.
2	I've never been a fan of Albertsons.  There's just something about the store that makes me hate my life. It's unnecessarily depressing. The produce is unimpressive, prices are higher than most places, and the store is laid out in a bizarre way.  It's understaffed, and the staff that are working seem unhappy. Smile!  I always end up frustrated with the slow self-checkout lanes (I'm referring to the slow computers...not people). I'll stop by this store when I'm in a pinch and don't have time to run to Safeway or Sprouts.
5	This is specifically for the bakery at this Albertsons.Rather than spend $800 on a wedding cake for my engagement party, I went here to Albertsons Bakery and got a beautiful cake for 150 people for about $300.They even ordered special initial figurines for me (for an extra charge).The cake was done beautifully!! And it was delivered to our venue on time.I was a little wary ordering from here, but they did a great job! Definitely recommend!
1	I go to this store because it is very close to my house. Other than that? I would never go!I shop usually at night and OMFG!!! this stores employees are HANDS DOWN the RUDEST people ever!!!!!!! The day crew isnt much better. It seems they are ALWAYS texting, or talking to one another about their problem, social life etc and NEVER say hello or thank you or anything like that! RUDE! RUDE! RUDE!!!!!!!! I have yet to have an experience in there where the cashier is nice or isnt texting on their phones...and is actually paying attention to the CUSTOMER!!! OMG! rude people! and its ALWAYS hot as hell in that store! TURN UP THE A/C! THIS IS AZ!
3	Pro: Stopped by because we were feeling nostalgic. This chain closed in our home town several years ago. It was great because they carry all these brands we haven't had for years; such as Jolly Time Popcorn! Relatively clean, covered parking, and short lines. Cons: They don't actually carry the brands I'm currently eating. They don't have Danactive, canned seltzer water, etc.
3	Decent grocery store for the basics, but not a big location. It's a decent store, but it could use some more variety or bigger selection. The nice thing is the staff is nice here and it's easy to get in and out.
3	From time to time, I will drop into this store to pick up snacks for the office or grab a quick snack for myself.  They sell the refrigerated individual portion sized protein shake that you can get at the gym, but at grocery store prices....so when I get hungry in the middle of the day but don't have time or want to have a meal, I stop in here to grab one.Another benefit to this store is that they have canvas sails on a few rows in the parking lot so that there's shade for your car....a huge bonus during the Summer months.Return Factor - 72%
1	DO NOT GO THERE!!! If you see the guy with white mustache, RICK, better move to another lane. RUDEST GUY! Didn't realize the lane was closed till I got to it. So I said 'I'm sorry. Are you close?' The guy didn't even bother to answer me, threw my grocery around and told me my total. I guess I should be thankful that he said thank you after I paid?? I'll gladly take my biz else where and even pay more to get decent service at Aj's. Geez
1	I will always give any Albertson's one or two stars simply due to the fact that they refuse to put in self check-out lanes. One time the manager told me that his customers requested they get removed...really? The three's a crowd rule is dumb especially when you only have one lane open or maybe two and even then one of the lanes is 15 items or less. This is a backwoods store who is not willing to advance to the future and give customers a guaranteed fast way to buy their groceries. Nothing else here really stands out and they don't really make their own bakery items. The best thing I have found is the Instant Rice, for some reason this rice kicks butt over the big names of rice. I also get annoyed when the checkers leave their area and come outside the checker zone (standing in front of lane) while I'm pulling in with my cart. This just wastes time overall, it is like a toll collector leaving the booth when I want to pay my toll.Also, I don't like Halloween stuff appearing in August.
3	Been snooping around more and they have Rotisserre Turkey for Slicing at the Deli which is the next step above Boars Head meat so that is a huge plus. They also have a very chunky homemade Granola mix for about 5 bucks. Finally, a sensational bread  from Grace baking company, a Potato Rosemary, which is all natural and no preservatives for $3.99.
