5	Are you looking for a photographer in Las Vegas? This is as good as it gets. Yes, we had a Groupon, but yes, if we had paid full non-Groupon price it would have been worth every penny.Somehow, in just about 30-40 minutes, the photographer (Will) captured my children's personality. The photos don't look staged, or fake, or forced. They are just perfect. Not to mention that he is a good person, through and through. Prompt, kind, responsive. We will be contacting him again in the very near future.
5	Nothing but great things to say about Joshua Ian Photography. Will was great and a pleasure to work with. He took us to a bunch of great spots in Vegas which results in some really amazing pictures. I highly recommend him!
5	let me start off by saying, u can't go wrong chosing joshua ian photography!!!! i was first introduced to this phenom photographer via rj deals. my niece was preggers and wanted to take photos before her due date. i did my research and liked what i saw online. i called and gave him a little background on my niece and her family. talk about being pleasant, understanding and the epitome of superb customer service.the finish product was more than i could ever imagine. the photos were absolutely breath-taking. he captured every emotion possible. i was thoroughly pleased and would highly recommend him to anyone!yes, i know i've typed this whole review in caps...but i want those reading it know he's one of the best!!!!!
5	Living in Vegas you don't always seem to find the best of the best when it comes to people truly caring about the profession they've chosen.  This is certainly NOT the case when it comes to Willis from Joshua Ian Photography !!  I have used his services twice in the past and not only have I been thrilled with his expertise, but the photos that I received have impressed guests at my home when browsing through the "family wall of fame !!" Willis is spiritually gifted !! It doesn't get any better than that !!  He has a true eye for photography and you will be pleasantly surprised when he can create scenarios for your special event that you've never thought of !!!  Whether it be a wedding, a special birthday, or, in my case, a surprise gift for a very special niece, Willis takes your occasion to a whole new level.  If you are looking for a photographer for ANY special event, look no further.  Willis from Joshua Ian Photography is truly the man for your special day !!!
5	I found Will through Groupon and I did my research as there are tons of photographers out here to choose from. I picked spot on!  We just saw our pics and I am so happy with the results.  During my maternity photo shoot with him, my husband and I were so comfortable taking pics and trusted that he knew what would work best.  My 3 year old son is not great with strangers yet Will got him comfortable and took amazing pictures of him too.  I cannot say enough great things about this photographer.  I am very excited that we found him and will look forward to working with him again for our Holiday pics.
5	What a pleasurable photo shoot. Willis Nelson, the photographer was very professional and fun to work with. I didn't feel like the awkward duck I usually do when taking a photo. Loved the prints, great value and fast service.  Would recommend him to anyone of my friends.
5	Our family has been very pleased with Joshua Ian Photography. In fact, we have been repeat customers! Willis is a very friendly, talented photographer who has always made sure we were happy with our pictures. We love and cherish the pictures he was able to capture for us. Thanks again, and we will definitely choose Joshua Ian again in the future!
5	I did my research first and found Joshua Ian Photography to have great reviews on many sites! I called to book a session, and immediately knew by talking to Willis just for a few minutes that this was the right choice. Willis was very accommodating for I am 36 weeks pregnant. He volunteered to come to our side of town, which is completely on the other side of the city. The day of the shoot Willis called to tell us he was on his way. He arrived prompt, ready, and very professional. This by far was the best experience in a photo shoot my family and I have ever had! We have an 8 year old girl and a 3 year old little boy who does not sit still. Willis made us all feel so comfortable.. He was a natural with getting all of us especially the kids to smile! Fabulous experience! Outstanding pictures! Goes above and beyond and prides himself with excellence for you can tell Willis loves what he is doing! My search is over and I will look no further and continue to keep going back for many years to come as the kids grow for family and holiday pictures! Thank you so very much Willis!
5	I happened upon Joshua Ian Photography through groupon when I needed a photographer for my daughter's first birthday.  After speaking with Will on the phone, I knew right away that he was the photographer for us!  He is so very kind, professional, and talented...and what is really amazing is that he makes his services affordable!  I couldn't have asked for a better experience.  The pictures turned out stunning and were loved and admired by all of our friends and family.  Definitely worth every penny to have all of those special moments captured forever and without me having to stress about it!  Will went above and beyond to make us happy and that is something you don't find often these days...great customer service and professionalism.  I was extremely happy with the way all of the photographs turned out and I will be having Will photograph my son and daughter's birthday every year :)  Don't waste your time on the internet looking  any further...Will is the best there is!!!
5	Willis Nelson is the right pick for family and portrait photography. They say that a man who loves what he does never works a day in his life. Well Willis *loves* everything about photography: the art & craft of it; the personal significance and meaning of it; even down to the potion of delivery of highest quality prints expertly produced by Willis himself. His love of family is reflected in his naming his company after his son. One reason his photos are so good is because he has so much experience: he's probably lost count but I think Willis has photographed well over 500, maybe even 1,000 families. His lighting is superb. His ability to get people relaxed and comfortable in front of the camera is first rate. And his jovial happy personality come through in all of his work. Choosing Willis Nelson and Joshua Ian Photography for your portraiture will be one of those smart decisions you look back on with satisfaction and happiness for the rest of your life.
5	Our family takes family photos every year and since we were going on a trip to Las Vegas, we thought it would be great to take our photos there.  Looked up photographers on Yelp and found Joshua Ian Photography.  Willis was helpful from the get-go.  His speedy response to my email and explanation of what to expect and what it would cost was very helpful.  On the day of the photo shoot, we were impressed by his professionalism and how he was so patient with our son (4 years old).  Needless to say, we are completely satisfied with the session and the photos.  He has an eye for texture and knows how to utilize the existing surroundings to make your photos look great.  If you live in Vegas and looking for a great photographer, Joshua Ian Photography is the way to go.  You will not be disappointed. :)
