4	This brand new Big Lots is located in the newly renovated former Ross Store at Alma School and Southern.  They had their Grand Opening October 18th, 2012.  I think they will be an asset to the Poca Fiesta Shopping Center, which has suffered from the economy in recent years.I came in the next day and was mostly wowed by how bright and clean and organized it was.  They have a lot of merchandise, though I don't think Big Lots in general has as varied and interesting a selection as they used to years ago, or even prices as cheap.  But their prices still beat most other stores except the dollar stores.The employees were all working industriously at stocking and straightening and the ones I talked to stopped to help me cheerfully when asked.  I like that.  I complimented them on how nice everything looked, especially for being nearly closing time when you would expect it to be in  disarray from all the customers throughout the day.They are especially well-stocked in seasonal items, being as it's October.  And their furniture looked very nice.I was sad to see the other two locations I was used to closed but since this one is closer and nicer, I'm sure it will meet my needs when I'm in town.
2	This store is ok but it's customer service is comparable to Walmart! Crappy! I wanted to gets this Doc Mc Stuffins play doctors coat. This one happened to be marked down two dollars less making it $10 because It was missing a badge. It was also dirty and the stethoscope was broken so I asked if it could be marked down a little more. The cashier called the manager over to ask her if this could be done and instead of coming over and speaking to me she just shook her head "no" and walked away. Of course I had to buy it still because it was the only one left and my four year old happened to be with me. What crappy service!
2	Store is very clean, the Lady Manager is a FULL ON Bi*^h !!!! the very nice cashier asked her a question about something i wanted to buy SHE NEVER LOOKED UP - SNAPPED AN ANSWER OUT LOUD AND WALKED AWAY - I started to chat with the nice cashier AND THEN SHE WALKED PASSED Turned and Glared back at me... i said to the cashier is she always like this?  she shook her head as to say YES! BIG LOTS Corp.YOU NEED TO REPLACE HER!
