5	I love this place! From the moment you walk you feel the coziness of this neighborhood bakery. It smells like heaven. I didn't mind the calories because every bite  was worth it. The people are very helpful and you can tell they love working there. It was a great way to start our day. I was a little bummed though because they have really good bread and they were out by the time I got there.
5	We are going to have to make ourselves stay away from this bakery.  Finally a truly scrumptous bakery!
5	Warning! This place could be addicting. The eclairs are the best I've had since living in Europe. My family and I can't seem to make it out of this shop without buying nearly one of everything. It's all authentic pastry, not that cake like stuff you find at some coffee shops...this lady knows how to bake! You won't be disappointed.
5	OMG, this bakery is awesome!!!  Everything here is amazing! Try the cannoli!
5	I've never been to the bakery but Tina made the cake for my "Welcome to Arizona/Congrats on your wedding" party last month. It was a decadent and delicious two-tiered cake with the top being lemon and the bottom chocolate cherry. No one could stop talking about how great it was and even the leftovers were moist and rich.The cake was beautifully decorated and was appropriately masculine while still being fun. Think of them for your next event! I can't wait to try some of their other pastries.
4	Great little addition to the neighborhood. I think they should rename it Heavenly Sweet, the daily bread was absolutely to die for and the sugar cookies were perfection. They serve coffee and have a few nice table and chairs for you to sit and enjoy your goodies at. Their offering included every kind of sweet you can imagine from the apple danish to the decadent dessert.Great, friendly service with a smile and very reasonable prices. I'll be back for more!
5	The most amazing bakery, the tarts are to die for, Ive tried almost everything there and they are all equally just as amazing.  The lemon cake is my favorite!  This lady sure knows how to bake and the service is wonderful :)
5	I do LOVE a good napoleon and had a hard time finding one till I visited Something Sweet..  I was overjoyed to find truly a luscious treat!  Pastry layers were crispy and the filling was light and creamy with a secret surprise touch of berry in it.  Chocolate curls topped off a delightful treat.  You have to get there early to get one as they are popular and sell out quickly.  Their brownies and macaroons are equally delicious :)
5	We wandered into this place on a Sunday morning. We tried a chocolate eclair, and a canoli. Both were excellent and reasonably priced. The shop was very clean and pleasant. Nothing too fancy, but definitely an enjoyable place to sit and have a cup of coffee.And Tina was so nice! You can tell she takes as much pride in good service as she does in her exceptional baked goods.
5	Excellent! I had a lemon tart which was beautiful and delicious. My daughter had a cannoli. It was very yummy! Total with tax was a little over $7. They have beautiful cupcakes and cakes in the case. They also serve sandwiches. Great location fabulous service and lovely atmosphere!
3	The name of this place is fitting. While the place looked nice, the cake I had there was just too sweet.
3	I love a good bakery and Something Sweet is a nice addition to Ahwatukee.  I had fruit tart that was on the money, light flaky crust and good amount of fruit filling (although I think it might have been canned fruit, but was still good).  Wanting to go back for more breakfast, but find the hours not to be convenient for families breakfast choice. Will maybe try again on a trip to TJ's and see about bread.....mmmmmm fesh baked bread!
4	99 cent cupcakes on Sunday! They're a bit small but deelish! So much so that I'm officially moving my "Trader Joe's Day" to Sunday so that I can partake on a regular basis...I've been in a few times now and everything is presented well in the case. Lots of variety. All their pastries--cupcakes, cake pops, macaroons, tarts and especially the eclairs--are VERY good. The eclairs had the perfect, freshly made custard filling and lots of chocolate on top. My favorite item so far.The shop is cute; nothing special.Prices are very reasonable. $1.99 cupcakes and cake pops, as well as most other items. Love that, 'cause then I can buy more stuff!Service has always been friendly and apologetic for the wait (every time I've gone, there's been a line, which is good I guess).As long as they stay open, I plan to be a regular.
4	I discovered this place when I was scoping out a different store in the same plaza, it was closed for the day by the time I saw the store but I told myself I'd go back another time to try it. One Sunday afternoon I stopped in to grab some sandwiches for my friend and I, and I'm glad I did. Every ingredient was top quality, the bread was soft and tasty (I got the Italian herb or something like that), they used Boar's Head meats and cheeses, fresh veggies, and really took pride in the way they put my sandwich together. I got a couple cookies and cupcakes for dessert and nothing disappointed, they were the perfect amount of sweet to me.The shop itself is very small, but very cute, kept up well, and everything is displayed neatly. It's the hole-in-the-wall, locally owned type of place that I love going to and supporting, so needless to say I will be back.
5	We love this place.  I ordered their triple berry pie for Thanksgiving oh my gosh it was so good.  I dont think we have had a bad thing there yet.  Even the day old discounted things are awesome.  Can I  just say again we love this place.
3	I have been going to this bakery since it opened.  I LOVE the fresh baked Italian bread, and am disappointed it is now only available on Saturdays.  The canoli is tasty and the cookies are good.  Every time I have been there the service has been fantastic.Sadly, I bought three cupcakes last week and two of them were dry.  It was like the cake itself was old and had been refrosted.  It was kind of irritating because I was really excited about trying the canoli cupcake because we other bakery in town (that I am aware of) makes a canoli cupcake.  On the positive side, they do not over-frost their cupcakes.
5	What a great place!  I spend way too much money here on a weekly basis.  I believe I have tried nearly everything and have yet to be dissappointed.  My advice is to try it all and enjoy!
5	A friend bought me a box of things to sample from Something Sweet to see what the best item would be, I honestly could not choose.  The tarts with the flaky crust were flavorful, the cupcake frosting was delicious! And the coconut macaroon - fantastic.
5	This place is fantastic. I don't think I've eaten anything here that wasn't absolutely delicious.  The owner Tina has excellent customer service and she'll go out of her way to make sure you get exactly what you want.I am so disappointed that this place is going to close!!!  (5/31/13) The baked goods are so fresh and Tina tries to use local  organic ingredients whenever she can. This will be a loss to Ahwatukee and to everyone who has enjoyed her yummy treats
