4	Well, I took a little walk up this hill this morning and thought "this would be a great one to Yelp!", but I don't think I can say anything that wasn't already said (better) in Mr. K's review.In a nutshell: this is a good hike both for a workout and wonderful views, take the trail on the backside if you want a more private experience, and uh, yeah it's a pretty good hike.The only thing I might add is that you can also park at the North Mountain visitor center and walk it from there if you want to lengthen your hike by a mile.
5	We go every morning when the weather is good.  Be prepared to have your butt kicked without the chance of falling down and hurting yourself.  You might be tempted to turn around half way your first time but the hardest part is at the begining.  Awesome Urban Hike! (Your kids will probably make it half way unless theyre experienced hikers.  My 5 lb chihuahua made it about that far before needing water)
4	This is a 5 mile roundtrip which crosses some desert, and then up a road to some antennas and satellite dishes.  It's a pretty easy hike, just annoyingly uphill for what seems to be a long ass time.Took a couple of wrong turns on the way back.  Try to remember where you came from.Total time up and back was 01:31:11.  This was my second of four mountains, one Saturday in April.
3	Great hike..  only complaint is the loose gravel and rocks can catch up with you on the way down.  Be careful if you are jogging down.. I've almost bruised my bum a couple of times.  You can bring dogs up this hill, so that's a big plus for me.  I've probably been up this butte more than any of the other hills in the area, mostly for convenience.
3	Fun place to hike up, no climbing needed, not recommend for serious hikers since I had an easy time with this.  It is easy to get to the path.I will have the say this path can put some fear into your ankles and knees, one slip on the way down on a loose rock, or the patchy pavement, and you can be hurt.The view at the top is great, it is even better if you like electronics.  If you don't, well sorry.
3	Shaw Butte has is a nice ~2 mile one-way hike. It has wide, well-worn paths, but also many loose rocky areas. A small portion of the journey is rather steep. At the top of the Butte, there is a huge collection of metal towers and satellite dishes, making it not the best place for a photographic view. Instead, try taking one of the lesser worn paths near the top of the mountain. There are a few clear 360 views of Phoenix from different areas on the Butte. This trail is plenty large enough, but expect to see a lot of friendly people going up and down. If you're looking for a serene, secluded location, this is not the place. However, if you are working out or patient with others moving about, you are in good company.
5	Our hike up to the towers began at the trail just south of the visitor center. This portion of the trail, about a mile or so, was mostly flat through the desert and allowed us to get in a great jog before reaching the base. Trail markers are not clear and there are a few options up to the towers, some easy and some difficult. We had to ask a few hikers along the way if we were on the right path heading in the right direction.  We were pointed in the direction of the difficult hike which of course we took. So up we went steady, resting and short bursting all the way up to the towers.  We reached the towers, rested for a bit, took in the view and began our descent on the opposite side of the mountain.  The north potion of the slope led us back to the flat-lands and yet another sprint/jog to the visitor center were we came upon a group people in a T'ai Chi session. That was nice.  Tip: This is a great hike if you want to include some sprint/jog activity. Hike Length: 5 miles round tripDifficulty: Moderately strenuous  Facilities: Water, restrooms and a very nice visitor center with staff.
4	This is a quick trail that will get your heart pumping.  No services so take enough water but great view from atop Shaw Butte!   If you are lucky, you'll get to see parasailors hovering above you.
4	I had planned on doing a lot of relaxation this weekend, but wouldn't you know, the weather had something else in store, and I couldn't just hole up and avoid the outdoors. Yesterday I wanted a relaxing stroll, but was sick of the city, so I drove on up to Shaw Butte to do a relaxing loop. Parking in this location is limited, and a little awkward (almost slashed my tires through the do not enter section) but it doesn't seem to get as crowded and should suffice. The entrance has a map of the area and trails you can take. The path was fairly easy to follow and I did manage to stay on a path (tho not always the one I was supposed to be on) at all times. I also managed to get myself back to my car, so that's always a bonus. There were a few others there that had managed to get themselves lost due to unclear path marking, but one look at a map and it's easy to get your bearings straight again. The path was beautiful. Not completely scenic, as parts still have the road visible, but it was quiet and peaceful and the sky was gorgeous that day. I pretty much had the trail to myself most of the time with everyone pretty evenly spaced out and ended up doing some dance hiking to my iPod without injuring myself on the trail, which speaks to the ease of the hike. Not really any steep parts or loose rock on the loop trail. Perfect for low maintenance hiking days. It was my first trip, but I don't see it being my last. Seems like there are plenty of trails that start there that would be fun to venture on.
5	This is becoming one of my favorite trails.  I start at the N. Mtn visitors center and take the long, rocky, but definitely worth it trail up to the towers. I have been trying to run most of it but I always get winded once I get to the base of the incline. Be careful as it is pretty rocky and your trip down can be dangerous if you are not careful.  Especially if you tend to run down like I try to do.  I am happy to say I am not as winded as I use to be when I first started visiting this trail. One of these days I will run from top to bottom.
5	I love this trail, it's especially good for early morning hikes with my dogs. It's not too steep and doesn't require an immense amount of rock climbing at any point... So my little chihuahua and dachshund are able to do it without any problems.My favorite part about this hike, is going off trail, you get great views of the entire phoenix area and you can do some serious rock climbing if you want. Like everyone else has said, keep an eye on which way you came from.....you can get lost and it's a pain in the butt trying to find your way back. I like this trail cause I rarely see it getting very busy (unlike camelback) and it seems like a peaceful/mild hike. Definitely one I'll be coming back to.
5	I do the Shaw Butte Loop starting at the trailhead at 7th Avenue and Peoria (just north of the police station). It's a little over a mile to the top, a little over a mile down and then a little over a mile on the flat section back to the car. It's my favorite in-town hike. It provides enough of a challenge (almost 1000 ft elevation) and is short enough to do after work.
