4	This Starbucks boasts an upbeat and personal local atmosphere. The baristas seem to enjoy making the coffee and calling out customers' names when their drinks are ready. Personalization is the key here, If it's not just right they're happy to fix it. Mine has always been on the money. It's December which means I'm on my decaf nonfat peppermint mocha kick. These are so sweet but yummy and since I'm one of those decaf people this knocks the boring right out of that and the coffee tastes great.Whenever I'm at Moms (no wi-fi) I usually stop by here to use the wi-fi - you know to do important work like this review. It's Tuesday 12pm and this place is a hoppin' seats almost full. I got my table by the bar, next to the bulletin board where cards are posted "thanking" the Starbucks personnel. I mean, if people draw and send them cards, it's a good sign. Stop in.They will also send coffee to the troops for you.Free wi-fi, plenty of parking, seating indoors and out, and wheelchair friendly.
4	Clean. Friendly staff. Just what one needs to relax. Always get the strawberry drink unless I'm in the mood for coffee then it's a double shot!
4	Quaint store. Very very friendly. Clean. Mist spray if you choose to sit outside. The aroma of coffee when you enter is pleasant and not overwhelming. So I finally strayed from my norm of strawberries and cream. I tried the orange mango smoothies. Wonderful! You could taste the banana, the orange and the mango. Simply mouth pleasing! I absolutely will have this again.I have always enjoyed the variety of flavors of coffee, now I have found other flavors!
1	This Starbucks is SLIPPING.......twice within 1 week we have left empty handed. Stopped in for coffee a couple nights ago and the girl said, "we don't have any". I thought she was joking...finally she said "if you want to wait we can make some." frustrated by the lazy-faire attitude we left. Sunday afternoon @ 1:30 we stopped in for a pound of espresso beans (which we buy once a week at this same location) only to be told, "we're out....we don't have any!" UNBELIEVABLE!!! Are you a coffee store or just a wi fi hot spot? Needless to say this is disturbing & what makes it worse is the staff doesn't care in the slightest!!
2	Lately their customer service has not been great. Today I was told that I had to add my own Splenda to my drink after they made it. I explained that I didn't like to put sweetener on top of the foam and they told me to do it myself anyway - they didn't want to "upset someone's coffee by not doing it right." It was just 2 Spelnda not a huge variation... I guess I am back to grabbing coffee at the grocery store locations.
2	Nice location - but sometimes overly busy - you'd think this was because its popular, and maybe it is, though I can't help but think the speed and quality of service could be better. Regulars get a 'hi' and some chit chat at the expense of other customers orders. If this happened in the UK, the shop would go out of business. Attitudes are more relaxed here in the U.S. I never wait longer than 5 minutes for a coffee normally, here, it happens most times - come on Strabucks - its coffee, not a 3 course meal. Perhaps I've picked the worst times to go, but even so, 5 minutes is WAY TOO LONG!Also, the delicacies / pastries need stocking better - you can't seriously tell me that everything is sold before 9am EVERY day. I see 4 croissants on a plate (rarely) - if that's all thats ordered in on a daily basis, then whoever does the ordering needs to re-think their career.....
2	GET MORE HELP!!!! Takes 10mins to wait for your drink!! Hire more people i use to love this store till now..
4	The staff is always friendly at this Starbucks and they have always been super professional and helpful even when I do not know exactly what I want to order.  Most importantly to me, this has been a nice location to meet my buddies in the morning and grab an early coffee.  Of course once 7am rolls around, I head on down to New York Flavor a few units away as they have more of a breakfast menu and I think a tastier brew of coffee.  But sometimes I cannot wait until 7, so Starbucks it is.
5	I reviewed this coffee shop 6 months ago and wasn't overly complimentary. Have been back many times since, and can happily report enthusiasm and satisfaction as a customer. Since the early days of potluck hot drinks, I now get my coffee with steamed milk, and the staff remember my name, which considering the absolute stonewalling I've received in Surprise since i moved here gave me a nice shot of esteem along with the shots of coffee. The venue is always clean, the service is quick considering how busy it can get, and I enjoy sitting on the bar stools 'people watching' for 30mins or so.
5	I'm now a staunch regular here. I get in around 6am and these ladies (and gent) have already been open for an hour or so, bt despite the early start are on the button. Super speedy service, know my drink, know my side order, and always bring a smile to my face. The place is clean, it feels like its in-tune with the surrounding area and is a hub for social activity during the day. Top marks - they even take suggestions for food that they don't stock but other Starbucks do. See you in there!
4	I like this location, they are usually very nice and I have no complaints about my coffee.
3	Inside of the Frys. Had this really elderly lady make my shaken ice tea lemonade... thought she was just taking orders.... nope she really shook the ice tea lemonade like a Maraca.  She got down.
5	There are many starbucks nearby, but i prefer this one over all of them! Its always clean, the staff is upbeat and the atmosphere is relaxed! I always get my coffee like i ordered it! They are fast happy and make you feel in a good mood! I will definitely continue to come more often!
5	Filling Christmas boxes for needy kids.  What a great way to share your time..This was such a great was to end the night! there were so many people here filling these boxes! And to see all the kids doing this for other kids it was great! Thanks Starbucks for hosting!
1	Wow, the service here seems to be getting worse and worse! They seem to have a revolving door of new people working here and today my wife ordered a white chocolate mocha. When we went outside to sit down and enjoy our drinks the barista had made a mocha instead even though the cup had WM on it. When I nicely went inside to get the correct drink made, the barista said "oh my bad" and then remade it without ever saying sorry and then said "here you go" to me when handing the freshly made drink to me. I don't get it??? Is this what customer service has come to??? I'm Very disappointed and will look for another coffee shop in Surprise to go to with my family
5	Christy is wonderful! Brightens my morning every time I come in before work in the am. Easy to run in and out during the am rush and I always leave with a perfect cup of yumminess (iced toffee nut coffee with half and half) to start my day. Love this spot much more than the Bell and Grand location where the baristas half the time don't even say hi.
4	Always friendly and fast service. My order is usually spot-on and sometimes ready before I even pay. The staff at this location is fantastic.
3	Have never had any problems with this place, but I pulled up at 8:15 and they were closing. Checked online and this specific location wasn't supposed to close until 9. What gives? Went to Dutch Bros instead.
5	I checked out this Starbucks today and was impressed. The baristas were so quick to complete my order, which was surprising because they were quite busy. This location is easy to access and has tons of outdoor seating! My daughter and I enjoyed a blonde roast coffee, milk, and two vanilla bean iced scones. We both left very pleased with our experience :) I will stop by again when I'm in the area.
