4	I'm not sure I'd call this place as the best Asian restaurant in Waterloo but it's up there as far as value goes.  While the portions are generous, I have noticed that they have reduced them marginally over the decade or so we've been eating here.  I tend to eat here almost once a week.  I'm not a fan of their pad thai - while large in quantity, the flavor and seemed light on anything but noodle.  Their vietnamese dishes on the other hand, offer extraordinary value with pretty good flavor.  It's pretty easy to order with somewhat blurry pictures on their menus associated with descriptions, and anyone who has come here a few times pretty much knows their favorite dish by number.  The most popular vietnamese dishes are broken down into components and combined at your leisure on a platter (that include such things as pickled veggies, spring rolls, meat balls, thin rice noodles), or just some combination of meat and noodles in a soup (also quite filling).  You might want to check out some of their funky drinks (I'm not too much of a fan myself but a lot of friends are).  My sister is a fan of their condensed milk + coffee though I'm not a coffee drinker myself.  Personally, my standard is Fish Congee (which is an acquired taste, small or large #702) which I balance off with a side of fried spring rolls so as not to be too healthy.  Whereas chinese spring rolls have a flaky/wafer type wrap, these ones here seem like more of a batter and thicker shell - but I'm a fan of them (they also come included in a number of the vietnamese platters).  Most recently (yesterday) the bill for the six of us was about $60-70 including tip and we came away full but also with a doggy bag.  Their dinner and lunch menus are the same so you can typically expect to pay about the same - about $10/person including tip. Oh and peanuts are everywhere so if you have a peanut allergy, definitely stay away.  The service ranges between mediocre and good.  It can be tough to flag down someone to help you and they don't really time dishes so that they come out together.  They bring them out as they are more or less ready.  There are some dishes like Congee that take way longer than everything else probably because of volume so if you happen to know before hand, you can tell the waitress to put the order in first while everyone figures out their orders and you might get it at the same time as everyone else.   This restaurant gets busy though.  While they don't take reservations, you can call them to put yourself on the wait list during dinner or lunch.  If you're trying to avoid the rush, you should try to get there at or before 5 pm would probably be best.  I'd say that they get less busy after 8 pm but it's otherwise always crazy busy there during peak times.
2	I'm so disappointed. This restaurant had good reviews here and on other websites, so I went here for lunch with some friends. The food is not quite mediocre at best. The seafood pad thai is possibly the blandest pad thai I've ever had (and I've had many!), and obviously made with ketchup and mostly noodles. The green curry and the red curry both had way too much ginger, and not enough of much else. The lemongrass beef was unexciting. Service was as expected, and the place looked clean. But surely KW has better to offer than this? Even if I were desperate for a Thai food fix, I seriously doubt I'd come here again.
2	Once I had their noodle soup and had massive MSG reactions (fast beating heart, dizziness, light-headed). It was so bad that I had to go home and drink tons of water to wash it out.If you are not sensitive to MSG though, the food is OK, but don't expect too much. The portion is slightly smaller compared to the others, and the taste is mostly built on MSG so everything tastes pretty much the same.I really can't say this place has good service, or even any service at all. You always have to wait, and the waitresses never look at you when you order.
2	This has always been our go-to restaurant for about a year and while it was a very nice experience in the beginning, it gradually lost its charm. Don't get me wrong, I love the restaurant but I prefer the Cambridge location much much better. First of all their portions are larger (visibly larger) and there is never a waiting line at the door. Second, the latest 2 times I've been here my dishes had a hair in them. This was pretty disgusting so I haven't been to the restaurant in Waterloo since, I prefer to drive 25 minutes and eat well rather than wait a lot to get seated, realize that the portions are always shrinking or that they skip a few ingredients and most of all, question their sanitary protocol. In terms of selection, there is plenty for all tastes and I found that even the vegetarian dishes are good. I love their Shrimp tom-yum, the Cantonese chow mien, the sea salt calamari, shrimp cyclones, fried rice... The food is good and the prices are low too. It's a big disappointment that this place in Waterloo decided it was time to disrespect their customers like that. So remember, Cambridge location!
4	Ben Thanh is one of the more popular Asian restaurants in Waterloo. At peak times (lunch and dinner), the wait can go up to 40 minutes, so if you know you're going to be headed there, make a reservation if you can!The food is good, no real complaints. The pho tastes better on some days than others, but overall it's pretty good. The random thing is sometimes they run out of bean sprouts, or lime, or basil leaves. The pad thai is alright, and honestly, there are other places in Waterloo that make much tastier Pad Thai (i.e. My Thai). My favourite appetizer is the grilled pork meat balls. They are extremely tasty especially paired with the sweet peanut sauce. You also can't go wrong with the crispy spring rolls!Ben Thanh also makes some of the best fruit shakes. My favourite flavours are pineapple and mango, though I've heard that avocado and durian are also quite good (I personally would never want to drink a liquefied version of either fruits).In terms of value, it is average. You can definitely get cheaper food elsewhere, but Ben Thanh has a good environment (large sit down restaurant with nice decor and somewhat attentive waitresses) which is probably why it attracts so many people. Pho runs between $6.75 for a small to $8.95(?) for an XLarge. Pad Thai might be closer to $10 and fruit shakes are around $3.50.
4	This is a great restaurant. Recently, They have updated the interior of the location and it looks amazing. My favorite items on the menu are chicken pad Thai number 422C, the vegetables spring rolls number 602 and the vermicelli number 209. Only downfall with the location is that the stagger your food and bring items out when they are ready. The kitchens timing leaves something to be desired
1	I hate to be harsh especially because the service was good. The food was disgusting. First of all the menu is about 40 pages long (maybe longer), how can a restaurant make 40 pages of food well?  It's not possible. The Pad Thai was basically noodles soaked in tomato paste. It was hands down the worst Pad Thai I have ever had in my life, it was almost unbelievable. Some things were okay...the spring rolls and soup. That being said Pad Thai is a staple in a Thai restaurant and should never be that bad.
5	When we first entered the restaurant, I was surprised that there is an Asian restaurant so nicely decorated in Waterloo. That is because, I am not from around here and all the Asian places I've been to so far in Waterloo have been looking a little...eeehhh. We were greeted at the front with a smiling waitress, and led to our booth with menus. We knew the restaurant was a bit pricier than other pho places, so we already decided to order a XL pho ($8.95 or $9.95? forgot.) and share it before we even left our home. When we were seated, the waitress asked us what we wanted to drink, we asked for tea. We marked down an XL house special pho in our little sheet, and very soon the waitress came back to check on us. She looked at our order and confirmed with us that we were sharing. Soon she came back with 2 bowls and a ladle.As we sat there waiting for our food to come, we noticed all the yummy looking food the other tables were eating.It made us feel even more hungry. When our pho arrived, we noticed that the beef actually came rare. This...well, never happened before. So it was another pleasant surprise for us. The pho was really good, and we weren't extremely thirsty afterwards, so that's always a good sign. The soup tasted great, the noodles were tender (not mushy or hard), and there was a variety of beef. :D In addition, the sweet sauce was not watered down, and they provided a chilli pepper on top of the bean sprouts, basil leaves, and lime. I would say this is the best pho restaurant I have ever been to. It looks good, it has great service, and the food is delicious. It is on the pricier side though, but we shared a XL bowl of pho and we were both full from it. Came to $5-ish per person for the 2 of us. So just share a bigger bowl for better value?
3	UPDATE, APRIL 2013: The last time we got take-out from here, the Large pho had like three teeny pieces of beef. Come on now!OLD REVIEW, MAY 2012: Look, the service is terrible, tables are sticky, and the waitresses are often rude. But most of the food is pretty damn good, and for that reason we usually get take-out. Nice shrimp rolls, varied BBT flavours and tasty chili-salt calamari more than make up for scowly teens manning the door.
3	Me like the Thai food, y'all. The atmosphere is fancy-casual and there are two large rooms for seating. We had the littles with us and while they aren't too cooperative in sit-down settings, they made sure to seat us right-next-to-other-peeps. Not the best accommodation. Something about not being able to put a high chair in the aisles because of fire code. Blah blah. I know, I get it. Food was good, but not the best I've had. I'd return for a quick meal if I'm back in the area, but nothing that would leave me craving for more. Solid food. Good service. Meh accommodations.
5	Best restaurant in town!
4	Pretty good viet thai place. Price is reasonable and food is pretty good. Usually very busy, so try to get there early to get a table. The service is alright. When we don't know where to eat, this is where we usually end up.
4	I had lunch here on a recent business trip and really enjoyed it.  I'm a huge fan of Vietnamese and Thai food but since it was freezing I went for a bowl of Pho and some meat dumplings just to try something else on the menu.Service, contrary to a lot of the reviews here, was really good.  Waitresses were constantly checking on me and asking if I needed anything.  Food arrived very fast after I ordered.The Pho was really good; plenty of noodles and meat and the broth was excellent.  The menu said I had ordered a spicy dish, but I had to add hot sauce to get it to the level that I like.  Only wish they gave me more basil and other greens to add to the soup.  I'm used to my favorite place in Philly that gives you a heaping plate of veggies to add in, but no biggie.  The meat (pork) rolls were really good, though I thought the peanut sauce could have had a little stronger peanut flavor.I'll be back next time I'm up here...so much better than some of the other lunch options that I've been to and I think the prices are spot on.
5	Amazing food.  Nothing even comes close in area
4	The Waterloo location of Ben Thanh is located in the north end of Waterloo in an area with lots of great food choices, but it is still one of my favourites.Of course, the place is famous for its Pho (the Vietnamese beef rice noodle soup), but I love to get the #303 for lunch here, and its great!  It comes with Grilled Pork Meat Balls, BBQ Pork, Spring Roll and is served on a bed of vermicelli.  The portion is generous and the price (which is higher than it used to be) is reasonable.The place does get very busy, and perhaps the service isn't quite as good as one would get at one of the sister Ben Thanh locations, but I still keep coming back when I am in the area.
4	I almost always get the 101 pho. Great noodles, great soup and great value. Tried a few stir-fry dishes and they were not as good. Love the candy you get after you pay. I always grab a few :P
3	Came here for lunch on a Friday and it was packed. After waiting 20 min for a table, ordered my usual 303 - Vermicelli with grilled pork, pork meat balls and spring roll. Make sure to ask for 'no peanuts' if you are allergic like me. Most dishes come with a sprinkling of peanuts.Food is pretty good, and has kept me coming back.Service is not that great and the servers aren't really attentive to you. You end up waiting a bit to try to get someone's attention.
3	Good food, as long as you go for the pho and soup noodle dishes. The pho is served really fast because of a high turnover rate, I'm assuming. Other things tend to be either just as good as the pho or horribly bland. As far as I've been told, do not get the Singapore noodles.Service ranges from terrible to decent, depending on your server. When it's decent, it's average. But when it's terrible, it really and truly is. I've once had a server sigh loudly at us when we asked for tea. (And then we became really scared when she suddenly went from rude to oddly pleasant...)Safe and reliable place to take a group of visiting friends/family or a date. Easy to find and definitely affordable. Might be a bit of a wait to get a table, though. You get candy with your bill, which is sweet touch (haha).
3	Fancy, and a little overpriced Vietnamese restaurant. I tried there pho and most of there main dishes. They taste good, but nothing special or amazing.
5	It's cool to hate on Ben Thanh because there can be a long wait to be seated and sometimes the dishes are slow coming out from the kitchen. When I go with my friends, we often get rolls as appetizers and they usually come out with the main dishes. Sometimes one main dish comes out faster than the others too--timing is a bit off but whatever. The wait times at Ben Thanh just mean that the place is popular and the food is tasty. I've never been disappointed with my meal here. I recommend it as good place to go to get inexpensive but high-quality, delicious food. It's definitely worth the trip.
1	I've never had such a bad experience at any place on the planet!!! I really wish I could take starts away. For service, my wife had to go get us plates, cutlery and drinks from the bar. This is after we had requested these items several times. Also, they have no concepts of timing or what order the food should come out. Never had such a time at any restaurant. I hate writing bad reviews but this time I must.
4	Absolutely amazing appetizer platter. Spring rolls summer rolls and my favorite cheese wontons. After unfortunately sending back a little colder then usual pad siew I thoroughly enjoyed the fresh noodles and seasoned beef. What's for desert? Moving away from the traditional desserts and thinking menchies it is!
5	I went to the University of Waterloo for 5 years, and this is the only reason why I'd go back to Waterloo. Enough said.
2	Never again will I trust their take out!  We ordered 2 large Pho soup and a Red Curry chicken.  There was precious little meat in the pho, which by the way was almost tasteless tonight,  considering we ordered the large ones, and as for the Thai Red Curry Chicken - Well, the sauce was nice, but we ordered CHICKEN - NOT bamboo shoots!  It was more than 50% bamboo shoots, and only one measly little slice of eggplant.  A total ripoff that I'm sure they would never have had the nerve to serve tableside, as it would have been sent back!!  Last time we went, we ordered the Lemon Grass Chicken from the grill and found it be raw in the center.  I think we are done with Ben Thanh.
4	A good place to satisfy your vietnamese & thai food cravings. I go to Ben Thanh often since it is easily accessible and you normally don't have to wait for seating. The food comes out really fast, like most Pho places. However, they will not always time when your food is going out - so you might end up with your dinner while your friend waits another 10 minutes for their meal.The service can be up and down. This really depends on the person who is serving you. I normally order pho or the vermicelli bowl. I wouldn't say all of their menu items are outstanding, but there are a few items that I'd go back for. Definitely worth a try!
1	Ordered the beef noodle soup and the beef/pork/spring roll vermicelli dish. Food didn't taste very fresh at all - both plates lacked meat. There was about three pieces of meat in each plate. On top of that, I found a piece of plastic packaging in my vermicelli. Finding plastic in my food completely sealed the deal for me, I'm never going back. Having been to many pho places before, this was by far the worst.
2	Ordered a bowl of pho here, the bowl of food came, but there was no basil or bean sprouts on the side.  I let the waitress know they haven't brought me the basil, and she informed me that they ran out........but the next table had some.  If they ran out of basil, at least bring me some bean sprouts right?  Or explain why they let me go ahead with my order without informing me that they had no basil so that I might select a different dish that didn't usually come with the herb.Enough said.If you are really craving Vietnamese noodles in the K-W area, take a chance and go to Pho Dau Bo near King & Cedar. Never expect service from these restaurants, but at least Pho Dau Bo hasn't run out of basil and kept me uninformed about it prior to taking my order and then seemingly lied to my face afterward while the next table chewed on their basil.
5	pho is really as good as it gets here...it is really better than all of the pho places I have tried in Toronto.great service and great food, along with great prices.5 stars well deserved.
3	Average pho at waterloo. Although their pad thai's are pretty good. It is also good for any big eaters because of the large portions of pad thai they have.
3	The place had a modern feel to it, and the pho is actually pretty good, haven't found better pho elsewhere in the area. In my opinion, there's nothing that makes the restaurant stand out, but overall, a pretty decent place to eat at.
5	the pho is tasty and affordable. their curry is very tasty too.
2	poor service. rude servers. only go there when I have having a pho craving and there is no other choice
4	Stopped in for a change of pace. Saw the opportunity to enjoy a nice hot bowl of pho   Glad I did. The yelp reviews were right in line.
3	Very good food. I always go there for pho. Their curry is also not nad. My & my friend often get the three colour bean drink.
2	The pho here is okay. In my opinion, there is a MUCH better and cheaper place for pho in KW (Pho Dau Bo), however Ben Thanh is more conviniently located. The pho always comes out quickly and the menu is quite extensive. I have noticed the pho prices rising a bit each time I visit. However, the service is pretty poor. I can't count the number of times I've entered the restaurant with a guest and waited to be seated by a hostess/host when there are ALWAYS a few girls standing at the bar chatting with each other even after making eye contact with us.. That's just poor service in my opinion. Tip to the servers-If you see customers at the door then you should do your job and greet them and seat them right away.
5	This is my go to place for pho in Waterloo. Portion sizes are good and the service is always pretty fast. I have never had to wait a long time to get seated. Conveniently located and pretty nice/fancier than expected interior. Sometimes they also have green tea ice cream which is my favourite!
4	Well, my daughter got take out to bring home for dinner the other night and I must say they have improved 200%.  The Red Curry Chicken (her favourite) was so full of chicken and bamboo shoots it was amazing.  The spring rolls came with a really generous side of lettuce and daikon radish (I love the daikon), and the Lemon Grass Chicken was also a very generous serving of chicken and rice as well.  Absolutely no complaints about the take out this time.  They're definitely taking more care now.  The Thai Spicy Noodle dish is really good too although we didn't get one the other night.
