4	Exclusive Company is a very good store for music and DVDs. The selection is good, and you can find both mainstream artists as well as many independent ones. In the lower level there's a large collection of classical, jazz, and international cds as well. While it's selection isn't as eclectic as that of Madcity, it's still very good, and it might be larger in terms of number of CDs carried, although I'm not sure. Either way, I recommend stopping by Exclusive Company.
5	Great selection, friendly but not overbearing staff, and the prices cannot be beat! $10.99 for new releases. Wow. I walked out with some items I had been meaning to buy for a while (Anthony Bourdain's Travel Channel series No Reservations on dvd (hard to find), Dave Chappelle's Block Party, and Jane Austen Book Club) and some things that I picked up based on my favs and in-store staff picks (new Incubus, Regina Spektor, and Conor Oberst and the Mystic Valley Band). 3 cds, 3 dvds, and 1 tv on dvd series for $80 bucks? Not too shabby.
4	Really great store for new and used CDs, DVDs, Records, T-Shirts. A great selection and a lot of variety. They have everything sorted nicely and it's super easy to find what you're looking for. The staff was kind and open, and it's easy to order stuff through them as well. Great store!
4	Good selection.  I've found some rare imports that I never knew existed while browsing.  For that, I'm indebted to them.  It's a shame that the easier-to-get-to locations closed down.  Getting to the one on State Street is always a pain, especially on the weekends.  My only real complaint is the same issue I have with all record stores:  Whenever I go into one, the staff seems to be playing music meant to drive customers screaming from the store.
4	What I love about this location over the two that I am used to in Milwaukee is the basement used vinyl section. The two in Milwaukee run their vinyl on the floor, completely packed. I always have to sit on the floor, pull some out, and move like 20 at a time.This location has 75% of the stuff in bins that I can stand and pick through...and the best part is that there is no one in the basement, so you don't feel weird if you want to sit there for two hours literally looking through every album. I don't feel welcome to do that at the one on 76th st in Milwaukee.
