5	When walking through Scottsdale mall, we usually politely refuse (or ignore in some cases) the sales people outside of the store fronts that want us to try out the latest electronic gadgets or the newest and greatest hand lotion, or a taste of some dried up day old food sample. A few weeks ago, as we were doing our usual Sunday stroll around the mall, we noticed this place and a few Asian guys in front of the store advertising a free 5 minute shoulder massage. "Sit dow...sit dow...fie minute", they kept saying. Usually we have no problem refusing an offer like this, but the lure of a little massage preview and a room full of cute Asian people was too great an offer to refuse. We both sat down and let them go at it. They immediately dug into our shoulders in a way that hurt a little but felt good at the same time and kept asking, "You lie, you lie?" We said, "Yes, we like, we like!" and before I knew it, I was face down on a table with a little Asian man massaging my whole body. I'm not sure what, if any, technical training these massage therapists have, (if you can even call them that), but whatever they learned from the home country, they learned well! I left feeling so relaxed (just like the name of the joint) and the ache in my lower back was gone as soon as I left. We were so impressed that we went back the next weekend and decided to each get a foot massage. As they pounded and prodded and tickled and tugged on our feet, while we reclined in a big leather chair we couldn't help but think, "This is the life". What they may lack in formal training and education, they make up for in tried and true massage techniques that have been passed down for generations and a sense of professionalism and customer service that you just don't find for this amount of money anywhere else in town.
1	tried to go there the other night and it was closed-they recently got into trouble hiring non-licensed therapists and all locations are shut down because of it
1	Came here today just to get a massage, and sadly it is no longer at this location.  I'm not sure if they have relocated, or simply gone out of business.
