4	I was really surprised when I went out to the pool at the Excalibur, it was so much nicer than expected. When I first entered the hotel, it was slightly worse then I excepted. I wouldn't say it is where the beautiful people come to hang out, more like the tired parents, and tourists who dint know any better. The pool was totally different. There are 4 pool areas connected to one another, the farthest being an adults only pool with music playing. I thought I would be splashed, kicked and annoyed by little kids all day but I wasn't at all. The Excalibur for sure is made for the kiddies but a lot centered around one pool area and the other three were mostly adults. I got to lay out and enjoy the sun in peace. By the way, I don't hate kids.
4	The pool was surprisingly great with nice rock waterfalls, water slides and good music. It was nice to have a choice of several pools, although all were shallow, I guess this is a Vegas thing since pools are for wading and looking hot not actually swimming. The chairs fill up fast so get there early (before 11am) to get a good spot. The bar did not have all the drinks on the menu, but the bartender made a good frozen strawberry daiquiri.
1	We had a really rough experience at this pool. First of all, it's really tough to find a seat with any shade. When we did find one under an umbrella it was shocking to see a sign saying you had to RENT a chair with shade for 50 bucks! Are you kidding me? I understand the whole renting an exclusive cabana concept but this was just a lounge chair with an umbrella! I guess it's the Vegas mentality and they are trying to take you for all you're worth. We also asked for a cup of water and were told they could only bring us a bottle, $7 for a small $9 for a large. It should be illegal to not provide water when it's 100 plus degrees.The physical pool itself was fine, nice water features and a slide.
1	If you like sitting in 105 degree weather and baking on concrete without any shade (unless you want to spend $40) this is the pool for you.  If you want a nice experience you should check something else out.  Excalibur has found a great new revenue stream, selling shade.  There are no lounge chairs in the shade that are free, all the shade ones are an extra fee.  It is a genius idea, but a great way to piss everyone else off.
3	I'm surprised how nice this pool is. I guess they went through a recent remodel within the past couple years. Haven't been to this hotel since I was a kid.Anyhow, they have a small water slide that anyone can go on. It's small, short, and doesn't go too fast. They have cabanas that are decently priced, about $120 for the day. The pools are only 3.5 feet deep witha  10 inch section for the little ones. There are three pools, one of them being 18 and up only. All in all a nice pool, but more family oriented. Nice place to relax, but if you're looking for a pool where there are people drinking and partying, this isn't it.
4	The pool was good although there are a lack of lounge chairs. I would highly recommend renting the chairs (I know how Vegas of them) it's a much better experience for sure! The food is GREAT and reasonable! the waitstaff not so good so go get your drinks and food yourself. Or if you'd like to be surprised when you get your drinks from the waitress (because it took so long you forgot you ordered) go for it! I was hanging out in the mushroom pool so I have no idea how the other pools are. There is a water slide with lots of kids, an adult pool in the back too.
4	Wow - I'm surprised at all the folks saying they rent shade. While there are chairs with umbrellas for rent, I saw a TON of seating in the shade that was free. Also, when you rent a chair you get perks like someone waiting on you, water, chips, etc. We did $40 for two chairs on our first day and the second day we had enough people to rent a cabana. There are definitely some characters here - mostly of the funny variety, not the seedy kind - but overall I thought the pool was great! There's an adults only area, plus like 3 other pools with water falls, different depths and a slide. We didn't partake in any food here but the drinks were good, albeit a little pricey. Hey, it's Las Vegas.
3	This is a good pool if you've got kids. However, you need to head out early if you want numerous lounge chairs.
1	Way too many kids for my preference.  Running around screaming.
4	Some people are either so Bourgeois...............or simply don't know what they are looking for. In my opinion the Excalibur is well worth the price and the pool simply is a Las Vegas pool. Get to any of the "Resort" pools early enough, grab your chairs and you are fine. If your looking for something specific in terms of shade, a particular spot etc. GET THERE EARLY!! Unless you want to go the extra mile and spend a few more bucks to guarentee a spot. Get a cabana by the pool of your choice and enjoy the day. To me it is well worth it.We travel with teenage twins, one boy one girl and are always pleased with our experience. Yes we might be even more pleased when they are 21 and can enjoy everything together but for now, in my opinion there is no better place then Excalibur. We get more then what we pay for and the staff is ALWAYS on point!!! Thank you EXCALIBUR for always being awesome to our Family....see you in May.
4	We had no problems getting chairs, drinks or a place in the pool. Good pool bar with normal for Vegas prices. Food offered was great- not too expensive and they will deliver it to you. Cabanas were inexpensive- we got ours for 150, they can be cheaper depending upon demand. Love the separate pools for kids and adults.
4	Stayed June 3-7, 2013Were at the pool three days. There is no all day shade, I got there and had shade but an hour later I was in the sun, even if you rent an umbrella you will have to move with the shade. :)  The sun moves you won't find shade in the same place all day.   You can rent a cabana, which we did near the slide pool for a discounted price of only $30 and it was nice. Came with tv, couch, table and chairs. Ceiling fan and mini fridge that came stocked with 6 small waters, 3 pepsis and 3 Sprite-type drink. And a bucket of ice.Water is 3 1/2 feet deep, which is plenty to float on your back or "walk" on your knees. My 16 y/o was on the slide ALL DAY.  People where coming and going throughout the day so finding a place to sit never seemed to be a problem.  The largest mushroom shaped pool wasn't open. As long as you leave your towel on your chair and stuff underneath you will keep your chair.
4	I would rate the pool alone a 4 1/2 or 5 because of the pool and the service. However, I would rate Drenched, the pool's bar, a 2 1/2. The pool is a nice pool for the price. I went at the beginning of summer when it was hot and did not have a problem finding a seat. If you want something specific, get there before 11am and you should be fine.  It's a nice place to sit in the morning as the sun is not completely over the hotel at that point, but it does get very warm, which is to be expected. The pool is kept at a great temperature. The pool area looks nice with the palm trees and the rocks. There is also a water slide that I did not use, but it looks nice and it seemed like most of the kids were enjoying it. All of the lifeguards were very helpful. The pool is not a beach like some of the higher-end resorts have, but it is a nice pool and I enjoyed it. There was some crazy activity by the pool, such as people jumping in the pool who were probably not thinking right at the time, but the problems were taken care of right away. And for Vegas, they weren't even really making that big of a scene, so I was impressed with the crowd that hung around the pool. Wheelchair : If you are in a wheelchair, I would highly recommend this hotel's pool. There was an excellent group of staff members in the spa, as well as great lifeguards, who helped us with the wheelchair lift. It can move to where you want it and it is easy to use. The staff helped us a lot and did not make us feel rushed. It was the first time I used one, but they made it very easy. I lowered the rating from what probably would have been a 5 to a 4 because of the bar inside the pool area. It's Vegas so I should have assumed, but they did not have a sign outside saying you had to be 21 to go in, and they serve food and other drinks so I thought it didn't matter. I'm over 21 and the guy practically barked at me to show him my ID, the first time he asked, when I was buying  a non-alcoholic drink. I know they have to legally ask, but there are much nicer ways to ask, as I saw at many other hotels during my stay. The drinks were also very expensive, but again, it's Vegas so it's too be expected.
1	I came here because my out of town friends were staying at Excalibur. There are numerous pools to choose from. We chose the 21 and over pool. Water was murky and filled with leaves. There is hardly any shade unless you rent a cabana so be prepared with sunscreen. There was "top 40" music playing. There is a staff member who offers massages- out by the pool, in the heat of the day, with everyone watching?The pool is also near the parking garage so the sounds of cars driving by didn't help promote a relaxing atmosphere. There were plenty of comfy lounge chairs to lay on. The pool towels, UGH! Small and scratchy- something I would use to dry my dog off with maybe? Thank goodness my out of town friends are thinking of staying at another hotel when they visit next time.
1	Pool was ok to lounge by, but no shade whatsoever. My problem was the service of this place, specifically a man named Salvador that I ran into a couple times by the pool ordering drinks from the bar. He was a miserable old man, and I suggest if you see him to ask for someone else's help.
4	Gorgeous pool and very clean and I wasn't there in summertime and the service is great in the scenery and the people scenery is gorgeous
4	kept me cool in hot vegas weather. not packed about 6 pools very clean
3	Decent pool area. I was a dumb tourist who didn't realize there was an adult pool so our time was spent with kids running around screaming. It wasn't too crowded,  but my pasty white ass didn't last too long out there with no shade.
3	Yeah. It's ok. Sitting in the deck as I write this. 74 degrees today and pool is jammed - bot enough lounge chaises. Luxor & NyNy guests are sent here in Winter months to save on the pools costs. I was wondering how the pool had 300 people around it by 11am.....
3	I stayed at this hotel during last year's Spring Break.The pools overall looked okay, and the hot tubs were very comfortable.As what some other people mentioned, there's no shade here at all. Make sure you have your powerful sunscreen with you when you're out there. Also, the pool area closes really early. It would be nice if they stayed open until the extreme late evening hours.
1	Too many extra costs for little benefit. 1/2 the pool was closed, extra cost for tables, extra cost for umbrellas, plus the $18 resort fee - better value elsewhere.
2	When it comes to pools in Vegas, the Excalibur boasts one of the lower tier options.The pool is easily accessible by anyone (I think, we weren't screened by anyone).. so that doesn't make me feel comfortable leaving stuff to go for a dip.Every pool is no deeper than 3 and a half feet. This a fact that was told to me by one of the five curmudgeony life guards that perch high above a pool, and seem to be some of the most unapproachable people in Las Vegas.But back to the point.. 3 and half feet? That barely puts my legs in the water? Even the adults only section? Come on. That's brutal.On top of it, there is no shade out here.. so burn or be burned in the wallet to rent an umbrella or a cabana.If I didn't have a pool of my own at home (ie. had gone to Vegas to lounge by the pool) I would have gone to a better pool I know like Luxor, or Monte Carlo.
4	Great. 5 pools and 2 small hot tubs. I loved it.  Chairs aren't to comfy but hey.....
3	It was okay not as good as most pools in Vegas. There are a lot of kids. The drinks were expensive but strong. This pool is similar to the stratosphere pool in looks and overall pool quality. I wouldn't go again but it was fun one time.
