5	The staff at this Safeway makes it great. From the world's friendliest butcher to the responsible kids that manage the checkout lines. Competitive prices on organics, a Starbucks to boot and some items have "introductory pricing" that save you more than a discount retailer would.
1	This safeway has a sign on the rotisserie chicken area saying basically from 11-8 it is guaranteed or free. Seeing no chicken this afternoon, I decided to ask for a free one. I was basically lied to at that point, told by one employee it was 4-8, another said 3-7 & they don't do that anymore. Even the assistant manager tried weaseling out of it. I started getting excuses about how the gas was out & they couldn't give me a free chicken. All this to defend against giving one free chicken as advertised from a major grocer. I finally took the assistant manager & another employee right to the sign so they could not continue to lie to me about it. Reluctantly, they sighed & seemed very disappointed when they finally did agree to issue me a rain check for 1 free rotisserie chicken. I don't even like eating meat, preferring to eat vegan, but I do have two big dogs that will appreciate a little snack.
5	Safeway has been my store to shop at mostly because it is really close to my house. We have survived two remodels and the last one was not the greatest one.The Starbucks could be bigger and so could the health food section. The produce is not always the freshest. The flowers are good but the roses have a tendency to wilt after a few days not high quality.Overall the staff is friendly and they know me. My market of choice
1	Dear SafeWay, For the past 8 years, my household and I have made this SafeWay our preferred grocery store. At least once a week, sometimes more, we shop there. We fill our carts, we stand in line, we chat with your employees and we pay our bill - about $150 each week. Today, while being checked out with a full cart, I realized that I left my wallet at home. However, I had my checkbook. I explained the situation to the cashier, and asked if I needed my photo id. She told me no, she did not think so, and keep checking me out. Well, it turns out I needed an id. There I was, standing with a cart full of groceries, being told that I needed to provide an "alternative id" - and well, I didn't have one. So, my husband stopped by with his wallet and we took our LAST cart full of items from SafeWay home.Why our last cart full? Well, after 8 years of shopping at your store, I expect that an "alternative id" include "loyal customer". I expect that your employees know me by name and vouch for the fact that I'm good for my money.If you know me well enough to send me personalized coupons, why don't you know me well enough to accept my check payment without an id?Thank you, dear SafeWay, for reminding me of the benefits of shopping locally. From this day forward, my household and I are shifting our spending to the Bashas less than a mile a way. It's a locally owned store that, I'm confident, will know me by name.  Sincerely your former customer,
