5	My left knee was in need of surgical repair and my doctor arranged for it to be done here.  I was called by the surgical coordinator and told when to come in for pre-op visit and when I arrived, I was given a pack for forms to complete.  I then dropped them off at the surgical center and was told when to return for my surgery.On the morning of my surgery, I arrived at the designated time and was taken to the back almost immediately.  I was processed quickly by my pre-op nurse, and because the first patient of the morning had a fever, I was moved up to first case.  As I was told, I was in and out in less than 2 hours.  I received excellent care while I was there.  The next day I was called to ensure that I had no post op concerns and was doing well.  I had a very good experience here and wouldn't hesitate to return if the need arose.
5	Any surgery is stressful and an outpatient surgical center can sometimes be a little more un-nerving but this experience was exceptional. All of the nurses were superior! Caring and  competent. Trust me I am a nurse.  My anesthesiologist, Dr Young, was also wonderful. I had an issue that he needed to be extra sensitive to and gave me his plan for me. Surgery was a success and the anesthesia was uneventful. I woke up easily, not over sedated. I took a nap when I got home and the rest of my day was pleasant. My surgeon was Dr Bigler. If your having knee or shoulder outpatient surgery, I would recommend this facility and all of these medical professionals.
2	After waiting in the outer office for what seemed an eternity, I was taken back to a large, very open and "un-private" area. It seemed very cold and scary. I was screened, blood drawn and a curtain drawn. I was given a surgical gown to put on and told to wait with the others. I was almost immediately taken back for surgery (not because of the surgical center, but because my doctor was on top of things). The procedure did not work for me, unfortunately. I ended up paying $85 for "co-pay" and finance charges because the insurance company did not pay all of the charges and while I tried to sort it out with my insurance, they charged a "finance charge" What a joke! Cold in the front of the house and the back! I've experienced better.
1	I have had numerous procedures there for my back. In all honesty the service was okay. However, it is not private and you feel like cattle. However they were not approved by my insurance. They know this and tell you that they will only charge you what your insurance would had they been approved. Since it is out patient it cost $200.00 for each procedure. Dr. McKenna could have done both sides of my back on each procedure but choose not to. Why? So he could charge the crap out of my insurance. $2k for a 10 minute procedure at best. Then I am charged even more just for his service. Most of my bills were paid to Dr. McKenna when I filed Bankruptcy. I had just given them one of the many $2000.00 payments that my insurance had paid to me directly. I OWED THEM $954.00.They would not see me after I filed. The only doctor that refused to see was Dr. McKenna. I saw him for close to 8 years...and $954.00 was that important to him. UGH!!
