3	Not sure where the beer pub category is on yelp, but you get the idea. Triple 7 has never let me down when I'm in need of a quick bite to ward off that losing streak. Now I must say that I typically don't pay here, so I have no idea how the prices are. But, the food is pretty good. The sushi is also surprisingly good. My best choices are chili and the red ale.
4	Ordered the sampler set! 1oz of sample for 5 beers cost about $5. Much cheaper than most brew pub.There are 4 regular variety of beer + 1 seasonal brew. All the beer are good. The ales are smooth, with a hint of sweetness in the after taste. I did not order food here except chips and salsa, so I cannot comment on the food/prices.
4	One of my regular haunts.   Despite all the alcohol available 24/7 here in Vegas, it can be difficult to find decent beer!  Main St. can always be depended on for the best pale ale in town.  Only 2 bucks each during happy hour or after midnight!  They also have great pub snacks... like garlic fries, wild mushroom pizza, veggie (or regular) burgers and a full sushi bar.  The only drawback is the TVs, which are constantly tuned to either World Series of Poker or Ultimate Fighting Championship.  Also the "brewmaster special" beer selections have been known to be pretty weird & unappetizing... like Raspberry Creme Ale.  Sounds like sweet chick beer to me... gimme real beer!  But as long as the very hoppy Pale Ale is available this is not a real problem!  This place can also get very crowded on Friday/Saturday nights, and so occasionally feels like some sort of feeding lot.
4	Think of a better version of TGI Fridays/Bennigan's/Ruby Tuesday/Applebee's/[Insert Chain Restaurant Here]Oh yeah, and the beer is FABULOUS.  I drink a lot of beer.  I know good beer when I taste it.  This is good beer.Some entrees are good, some are just average.  Meh.  Portion sizes are quite large, as am I.Nice, open room.  In fact, the whole casino is really nice to look at.Did I mention the beer yet?  If you're downtown, just stroll on over here for a nice, cold micro.  That is all.
4	I was very pleasantly surprised with my experience here.  A good glass of wine for a very reasonable (actually cheap) price.  R got a sampler of 5 beers (5 oz each) for $4.95.  For food, we had nachos.  Nothing earthshaking, but very edible and satisfying.  (Gets a star for the prices.)I was surprised that there was a fee to park in their lot, but all you have to do is go to a cashier and they will reimburse your $3.
5	HELL YES!!  One of our favorite places in Vegas!!!Great happy hour, Great prices, the bartenders are awesome!!  We were in Vegas for 7 days this past visit, and came here 6 times.  They have wifi and the happy hour is hard to pass up... (two dollar microbrews, 1 dollar house wine, and i THINK 2 dollars for mixed drinks... also a ton of food specials .. including a bucket of peel your own shrimp for like 4.99 or something ) and i think beer after midnight is half off...the bartenders were so cool.  i think this is the where we have had our best personal service experience that we have ever had in Vegas... (although the night we sat at a table, and had a server, rather than a bartender.. it was just so-so)we freakin LOVE 777 brewpup.. I wish i lived in vegas, just so we could come here more often... we loved the food (yum!) and loved the bartenders!  p.s. the house wine on happy hour (1 dollar) is pretty crappy.. gave me the gags after 2 days... lol  but what can you expect for a dollar!!
5	I am so happy I found this place!!Definitely worth the trip.  My buddies and I get together once a year for a guys weekend in Vegas.  Every year to kick off the weekend, we go to a brew pub and partake in a feast!  We used to do this at the Monte Carlo Brew Pub on the strip until some idiotic executive from MGM Mirage decided that Brew Pubs don't actually need to brew their own beer.  Since then however, I'm happy to say we found the 777 downtown!  If you don't frequent downtown, then maybe you should!  The relaxed atmosphere, reasonable prices, and friendly people make it a welcome alternative to the over-priced "hip & trendy" Strip.  If you're turned off by the $25 "apple-tini's" and gaggles of Paris Hilton wannabees of the Strip...then simply hail a cab and set a course downtown to the Triple-7!!! The atmosphere is awesome, service is wonderful, the food is great, the prices are very reasonable, and most importantly....the beer is amazing!!!  Definitely worth the trek downtown!!
4	Main Street Station is old Las Vegas, on the older North Strip, closer to downtown than the newer South Strip, closer to the airport.This area of Las Vegas is like Reno. A little grungier (because the courthouse and jail are nearby), but unpretentious, with a lot of older regulars, and Hawaiians flown in from the Islands at Main Street, or the Califronia Hotel. The Main Street Station Casino is like an old western train station, with dark hardwoods and antique stylings. There is even an old Pullman Rail car museum for the public. But the people are friendly and don't always have their hand out waiting for a tip like other glitzier South Strip hotels.The 777 Brew Pub is an open room with TVs and tables that you might find in a mid size town in the west. It is lively and has a comfortable, casual feel. Now believe it or not, they serve sushi here! Yes, and they have a sushi chef in one corner making it for all to see. The food and  beverages are decent, the prices are reasonable, and the place is nice for relaxation. If you want to be "seen" this is not the place for you. If you want to enjoy company with reasonable food and drink in a relaxed atmosphere, then drop by.
5	Nice friendly service.  A  laid back place to hang out after a hot day in Vegas. Best of all,  they offer a delicious and high quality prime rib dinner for 7.25!!  It's the real deal. The prime rib here is as good as the prime rib at Skates in Berkeley and it costed me less than 1/3 the price.  A wonderful eatery without the pretension.  Need I say more?
4	When you're staying on the strip, there's not a lot of great middle ground between high-end stuff and chain-type stuff.  There's a bunch of not-so-cleverly named, in-theme stuff at high prices, which can be a crap shoot.  So when a bartender at a brewery kiosk in the Planet Hollywood mall referred us here, it stuck out, and we decided to pile in the car and make the trip; while we could expense crappy food all we needed, deep down, it wasn't what we were craving.Naturally, particularly for my colleagues not so experienced in Vegas, the step off the strip into downtown is a fun one.  You get the proper desperate-folks-in-a-smoky-hole vibe that is so missed these days.  Main Street Station, where the Triple 7 is located, is no exception.The brewpub is by far the nicest part of it.  Old-fashioned looking without looking yellowed.  Enough plasma screens to remind you that the 80's have long passed.  Clean, but comfortable and lived-in.The beers are solid, with the pale ale truly outstanding--they have GABF banners on the walls from years past and it's not a stretch to see why.  The waitstaff knows enough about the food and the beer, to boot.There's the cheap-steak option which i'm told was pretty good, but i went for beer-battered chicken fingers with beer barbecue, which was awesome.  It's all very plainly made with some care, and delicious.If you don't mind marinating in some extra-thick smoke to get there, it is absolutely worth the short drive to downtown to get some real food and real beer.
4	My friends and I stopped here for dinner after gambling for 2 or 3 hours in the Main Street Station Casino.  I had read several reviews giving this eating establishment high marks.  The restaurant was very busy (about 7pm), but we were seated immediately without any delay.  There are long bars on each side of the room with seating in between.  Our server came right away, delivered menus, and took our drink orders.  They offer a sampler of 5 or 6 different micro-brews you can get for $5.50.  Two of us ordered this sampler.  I enjoyed all the varieties, but I think I like the "Royal Red" brew the best.  The menu was quite varied.  I ordered the pale ale ribeye, medium well.  Sides were baked potato and green beans.  I also ordered an appetizer of fried calamari.  The calamari was some of the best I've ever had.  Generous portion, very crispy and light.  My steak came out more on the medium rare side instead of medium well.  I almost sent it back, but I don't really like to complain so I went ahead and ate all but the very center.  The sides were just okay.  Overall, the food wasn't bad, the drinks were great, and we enjoyed the lively atmosphere and the casino/hotel itself as well.  Will be going back again next year.
5	I went to this place 2 nights in a row on my trip to Vegas.  The menu has a great selection (great pizza!) and the service is great.  Both nights were late nights and even though the item we wanted wasn't on the menu, the waitress still offered it to us.  The prices were great, the the brewery was a nice place. The hotel/casino area looked great too.  I plan to stay there on my next trip.
4	Wanted a place to eat that I hadn't tried in Vegas before.  I read yelpers review of this place and couldn't believe it was less expensive and higher rated than the Country Club at Wynns (one of my personal favorites).Well it is good but it is no CC.  They shouldn't even be in the same category (American traditional).  But the truth is, it is way better than most places I have been to in Vegas.  The Nachos were crazy yummy and paired perfectly with their Pale Ale.  I'm a bit of a microbrew snob but their Pale Ale was very flavorful and hearty.  It is inside Main St Casino which is not a bad place although I decided to drive over to the Nugget from there instead of walk even though it was just about 3 blocks.  The food is above average.  The service slightly above average but for some reason they were very slow on bringing me the check.  In their defense, they were getting busier really quickly.  This would be a good place to catch the game and hang with friends.  All the amenities of a heavily TV'd sports bar but with real food.  I think the Country Club is substantially better this Triple 7 is far better than most places in Vegas.  Very nice!
4	I'm only going to review Happy Hour which is daily, not sure about weekends, from 3-6.  The food was pretty good for pub grub, the service was great.  Friendly and attentive.  The beer was excellent and priced at $2 each for a pilsner glass.  It was about 80% packed last week which is good i guess since everyone was complaining the economic downturn turned Vegas into a ghost town.  This is the best beer your gonna get downtown!
5	Ive never been let down at the Triple 7! Ive been coming here for a few years now, and I make it a point to eat at least 1 meal here on every trip (about 3 or 4 trips a year). The Prime Rib for $7.95 is a great value, and it delivers on taste! Their beers are freakin awesome, and the service is great too! I always look forward to eating at the Triple 7!
4	Overall good experience, the food was good and reasonably priced. Did not drink any of the beer because I was too hungover, but the people around me seem to enjoy them. Would recommend to anyone who wants a nice place to eat and drink downtown.
4	Always visit here when I'm downtown,  Love their fish and chips and their black chip porter or pale ale are fabulous microbrews.  Haven't found any better for the price  places to kick back and relax in Vegas.....and I've been coming here for more than 20 years.
5	My god! I had a great experience here.I looked this place up on yelp after having a horrible dinner at the 'Burger Bar'. This place had great reviews so we made the trip downtown.The Main Street Station isn't the fanciest of hotels, but it is still very clean and well kept. The 777 is definitely a diamond in the rough.The 22oz large beers are great and fairly affordable for Vegas. They have a nice selection of house brews. I had the red ale and my buddy had the porter. Being a home-brewer myself, it was great to check out all of the brew equipment while waiting for the food.I ordered the bbq chicken pizza. This thing was huge, easily 10-11". I am a big guy and it filled me up plus leftovers. The crust was very crispy/chewy. A great interpretation of a NY crust. My friend had the portobello burger. He was totally stuffed afterward.The waitress was nice and we both got out for about $16.A+
4	Visit: 5/16/09 - Dinner.  Ate the NY steak, Won Ton Min and Chicken Wings(Thai Spicy and Regular).NY Steak was okay. The price was good for a steak dinner.  Baked potatoe it came with was not so good.Won Ton Min was good.  The broth was really good for a non-Chinese Restaurant and the portion was large.  They put eggs, fish cake, char siu and won tons with the noodles.  Really good after you win 200 coins from the wheel of fortune slot machine.Chicken Wings were really good.  I thought for sure they would suck.  They were tender and not dry in the inside.  Taste was good.  Just enough heat to make you sniffle.Beer was cheap.  Drank many different types for cheap so definately a fan here.Service was okay.  A little slow, but bearable since we could watch TV while we waited.I will come back.
5	When went back in Oct 2008 anf the Mircobrew is really good.  Make sure you try the garlic fries.  Great gift shop too.
4	I'm a huge fan of this place.  Bang for your buck, hands-down one of the best places in Vegas.  It's a place that when it comes to comfort foods, there is no better place.  Buffalo wings are the best I've had in Vegas.  The cheesy garlic bread is unlike anything you've ever had anywhere else.  It's a meal in itself.  Great way to start.  The fried calamari serving is huge.  Just put some lemon on that and you're all set.As far as entrees.  Their Beer-Battered Jumbo Shrimp looked like pieces of fried chicken on my plate...HUGE and delicious!  Burgers are always made just perfect.  Nice size as well.  The pizza and pizza crust is great, but stay away from the 4 cheese pizza ONLY because it has WAY too much cheese.  If you're into that, then it might be pure ecstasy.  I honestly can't say that this place has too many misses.  If you go after midnight, they have a special on all their own brews.  My favorite is the High Roller Gold.  It's $1.50 for a 16oz. glass.  Well worth it.    I promise you will NOT walk out of this place disappointed.  Enjoy
4	This place seems to be a regular stop for me now.  The beers aren't the best in the world but when your Downtown, the beers are plenty cold and best of what's around.  Ok, to be honest it's the oyster shooters that brings me back to this place.  It's tasty as hell and cheap.  You can get your shooter with either Vodka or Tequila, we prefers the vodska and two or threee of those and you're ready to tackle Vegas.  The oyster is fresh, not slimy at all and hell vodka is vodka......the appetizers are also good, the crab dip and the fried mushrooms are my favs but they are all pretty good.  I haven't had a chance to eat dinner here yet, if it's up to me I'llprobably just order oyster shooters.  I here the sushi is good too but really you're in vegas....Beer selection is fairly standard with a pale, red lager, hefe, and a stout, with seasonal favorites available.  I like the red and drink it a lot of it when I hit the tables.
4	All I need to say here is...mango cream ale...just came out today and I downed 23 ounces of it. MMMMM!  I would totally come back just for the drink!!! But the menu is fairly large and service was great.  We got the last table on a Tuesday at 8:30 PM for dinner so obviously this is a hot joint.  My sweetie got a beef burrito and ate the entire plate.  Good place for beer!!!! Loved the view of the huge restaurant, very cool.
2	This place is a disgrace to brewpubs. I really wanted this to be my first one star review, but the server was too nice (if slow) and they are at least trying to make good beers.The atmosphere is like a CB and potts that went out of style. Oh yeah, with and awkward sushi bar in the back. Your typical depressing downtown vegas crowd.Food was pretty gross. I may not ever eat shrimp again because of this place. It looked like shrimp, but it tasted kinda look rotten overcooked chicken. The portobello mushroom was very stringy and also tasted as if it had just been microwaved after being frozen since the ice age.
5	My friends and I are sitting at the bar at a little after 2AM and we look at each other and realize that if lived closer to this place, we'd be in trouble. The last thing we need in our quest to get rid of our beer guts is a place that serves great beer and good food 24 hours a day. I've noticed some comment that the beer here is watery, but I've noticed that about all the Las Vegas micro brews I've had. I guess when you're in the desert, you just aren't in the mood for a heavy, particle filled beer. The bartender was really friendly and was patient with my friends who could not decide what they wanted. I went with the mango cream ale since I had heard a few people say it was really good. My friends both gave up trying to decide and went with samplers. I didn't know the samplers also included their seasonal brew (the mango cream ale) or else I would have gotten one as well. I enjoyed the ale a lot. The mango cream flavors were subtle. My friends both really like the Royal Red. One little quirk about the bar (or maybe it was just our bartender), but they could not take the tips while we were still there. He just left them on the bar even after we told him the money was for him.There are no gaming machines at the bar, a rarity for a casino bar. If you'd like to get comp beers for playing, there is a bar in the casino that has all their beers on tap. You can also order their beers from any cocktail waitresses. That works out great since I do enjoy gaming, but I do still like to go into the brewpub once in awhile and pay for my beer (it is less than $4 for the large) so I can take in the atmosphere. The old school wooden bar is a nice place to hang out with friends. There is also a sushi and oyster bar during certain hours.
2	let me preface this by saying that while i only gave them 2 stars, i'll still probably spend many nights there as its the only joint open late at main street and i love that hotel and casino, so i hope they don't spit in my food :) which leads me right to the point, that their food is pretty lacking and honestly, even if there was spit in it, i probably wouldn't know since by the time we get there, i'm usually either buzzed or depressed from the tables and the taste of everything is so whatever that perhaps some spit might help. who knows. the service is also lacking... their usually understaffed and the poor waitresses have to serve idiot drunks all night. makes you wonder why people would ever work in vegas, but i guess everyone has to get their somehow. on the other hand, my bf loves the beers there as they run specials all night long
4	Crab and artichoke dip, garlic fries, fried mushrooms, steak and black bean chili, nachos, wings, SUSHI and OYSTERS, STEAKS and home-brewed tap beers. Yes!!
5	I think the main reason I am giving this five stars is this was the best deal during our vacation.  I am still a little shocked at how good the food was with the bill as low as it was.  Huge value here!We all had the 8oz prime rib, which seemed waaaayyyy bigger than 8oz to all of us.  It was so good, so flavorful.  I think it was under $10???  Seriously, great value. Service was wonderful, very attentive.  I would absolutely go back here when in Vegas!
5	This place is great. The food is delicious, and practically free it's so inexpensive. They've got a lot of home brews which are great, and they do Monday night Football with giveaways and prizes. The only downside is that it can get pretty crowded. It's still the best restaurant around the Fremont area. Strongly recommended to get dinner at before a Fremont adventure.
3	I was here on a pub-crawl. It was great! The drinks were well priced, and the food all looked and smelled delicious. However, until I eat here I can't really rank the place any higher than three. Especially since they got mad at us for hanging around the bar. I'm sorry I wanted to order drinks at a bar, and then drink them at a bar...God forbid.
4	In the mood for sushi or oysters but stuck downtown?  This is your place.  The Ahi is excellent!!  Oysters are great.  Service is always great.  Atmosphere is comfortable with numerous TVs and away from the din of the casino.  The best brew I've had here was a mango cream ale: refreshing, well balanced, mango essence and not overly sweet--great brew to have with oysters and spicy Ahi!!
1	Came for dinner with a party of 12. Lots of mistakes in getting our order right. Pizzas showed up 10 minutes after the other entrees. To top it off, the pizzas weren't good,  unless you like room temperature nearly liquid cheese. Frozen pizza is better.I won't be coming back.
4	This is probably one of the best bars in Downtown Las Vegas!  We have been there a handful of times and it is always busy.  We have only sat at the bar, but you are able to order from the full menu while at the bar.  We went twice this last weekend - the food is decent, drinks are inexpensive (even after happy hour/11pm at night!) and the staff is friendly.  Beers were $4 and well drinks were $3; very clean and fun atmosphere.  We will definitely go back again and again!
3	Second stop on our "Microbrew Mini Crawl".  This place is essentially a huge restaurant in the Main Street Casino.  Easy parking across the street & you get your 3 bucks back.We shared a burger, it was average.  We also had a couple Irish Stouts.  The Triple 7's Irish stout was thinner and less sweet than Guinness stout.  For Las Vegas it seemed like a fairly good deal.  A 1/2 pound cheeseburger and fries and 2 draft stout beers for just under 16 bucks.
3	The cheesy garlic bread is AWESOME and the prime rib is a good deal too.  Service is a little slow, as this place is always packed, but not too shabby.
4	I really enjoyed this place, there was a bit of a wait and they wouldn't take our party of 10 (they split up instead).  But it worked out anyway.  The food was very good.  I split chicken wings with my husband, $10.95 for 24 wings...can't get them for that price anywhere - and they were delicious!  Everyone ordered something different and I didn't hear a complaint about a single order.  Even with a full house, we were still in and out in a reasonably time.  Food was great, $65 to feed 6 people...awesome.  Will definitely go there again.
3	Came looking for great local beer, found OK beer...DRAG! They were out of our favorite menu item - the meatball sliders.. When they do have them they are fantastic!  Services was OK at best, but the location is really nice especially for old town Vegas.  The prices are very reasonable, half the price from the strip and the food we did have was a step above bar fair. If you are looking for some decent food and looking to try a local brewery, check out the Triple 7 - a good place to start!
5	I just got a hankering for a Vegas trip again, which reminded me that I never reviewed Triple 7. How can that be? Oh yeah, it's probably because I had a few too many of those amazing microbrews and had a slight lapse in memory. I had some Vegas pals always telling me that this was THE place to go for cheap dinner and amazing beer, and I always would reply, "Don't bother me. I'm playing blackjack." Well, one day the blackjack dollars ran out a bit too quickly, so off to Triple 7 we went. And we were pretty famished (and sober) when we arrived, so we went to town on that menu...Meatball sliders, garlic fries, nachos grande, Prime Rib ($10!!), and, of course the microbrew sampler - you get five 5oz pours for $5. Can't beat that!When the food starting arriving all six of us got a look of dread in our eyes, thinking, "Dear lord, what have we done?" If Vegas is about excess, than we sure as hell were doing something right, because this was a MASSIVE amount of food...and mostly pretty damn cheap and amazingly tasty too. The beer? Ah, the beer. It's so good when it hits your lips. It really is. The Porter was my fave, but the night we went there was also a brewmaster's special that had upwards of 9% abv...I think that was the one that really did me in. We left that place full, tipsy, and more than satisfied. Can't wait to do it again.
3	My co-workers and I enjoy going to the Triple 7 Microbrewery for lunch.  It is a hidden gem in downtown Las Vegas, located at Main St Station.The food is bar food...pizzas, sandwiches, appetizers, etc.Some of my favorite dishes are:- Focaccia vegetable sandwich.- Chicken Philly Sandwich- Pizza- BurgersThe beer is really good too.  Can't remember the names of the ones I enjoy...will try to next time.Will I go back?  Absolutely.  Why only 3 Stars?  Because of the location...if it wasn't downtown, I'd give it 4 Stars.
4	Great prime rib & sushi.
3	If you are in the Freemont area this is a safe bet.  Decent burgers and a good filet mignon steak sandwich.  Wouldn't recommend the quesadilla (wet/soggy).Tried the Royal Red brew, which was pretty good.
3	If it were all about Happy Hour, Triple 7 gets Four stars, but it's not always happy hour. The Happy Hour menu includes some appetizer like dishes and some sushi. Sushi and beer during happy hour does justice to the term here. For the regular menu, they charge $1.00 for sharing a extra plate when sharing an entree, but that's well worth it because a lot of their entrees, you can easily share. For instance, their hamburgers start off as a half pound patty - that's two quarter-pounders at McDonalds. They also have a half pound hot dog, which two can easily share, especially if you add chili to it. However, quantity doesn't always mean quality. I find the taste of the entrees here to be disappointing. They look pleasing to the eye, but when you bite into the food, the flavor is missing. It's like you need a beer to enhance your taste buds. Without the beer, the food just doesn't cut it. Besides the nature of Happy Hour, the beer is the best thing about this place. Like any other Microbrewery, the beer stands out from the standard fare, maybe because it's more fresh, if that makes sense. All in all, though, it's really the only casually priced sit-down/wait service place in the Main Street/California Casino complex, and if you are in the mood for this type of dining and don't want to go outside, Triple 7 is an adequate choice. Beer and Sushi during Happy Hour, this would be a very good choice.
4	LOOOOVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEEEE 777.Everytime I come to Las Vegas, I stop by here at least 3 times in 5 days.The Blackchip Ale is the bomb and it's so refreshing. It better be, it's made right there. Give me 3 of these and i'm set for the evening. I have tried the other house brews but I'll stick to the Blackchip.The prices are really decent but so is everything in Downtown. I can order a philly cheesesteak, 3 beers for under $16.00. I f I could only live here.Triple 7 also takes vacations hawaii meal coupons. I have actually used 2 meal coupons and got my dinner for free. The waiter hooked me up so I had to hook him up with a nice tip. My wife loves their pizza but I'll stick to the oily foods. Taste so much better.Love you 777........
4	Used to come here years ago for happy hour, sushi and the like, but hadn't been here in a long time, and decided to stop by for lunch.Was a bit quiet and limited in customers for a mid-day lunch, which was fine by me.  Menu was extensive as ever, with new items that I did not remember (i.e. beer battered tekka-maki - sounds pretty interesting, if not defeating the purpose of tekka-maki).Anyway, I had a mediterranean chicken sandwich on ciabatta, with greens, roasted red pepper, balsamic, etc...  It was really good, flavorful, fresh, and had a huge roasted red pepper on it.  Came with fries, but I upgraded to onion rings for $1 more.  When the sandwich came, it had fries on the side.  Waitress corrected it quickly (left the fries but I did not eat them), onion rings came out fresh, and were very good, hot, with a good beer batter.Will plan to coming back for happy hour to try the beer again, and other things.  Great varied menu, and really nice classic space in a classic casino design.
5	One of the true hidden gems in Las Vegas.  The food is great and the atmosphere is outstanding!!  Everytime I am in Vegas I make sure I stop here everyday!
4	You need a quick lunch and you work downtown?  This is a great place to go!  They are fast and usually the food is pretty good.  The only problem I have is the parking stinks, but some times my work friends and I make the effort!
4	Huge portions at reasonable prices and good, cheap beer. Toto, we're not on the Strip anymore.We came here on a recommendation from a friend, and was one of the reasons we came downtown in the first place. We started with the fried mushrooms that were tasty and PLENTIFUL, at a great price. When we found out the soup was New England clam chowder, my husband HAD to order it for the sheer curiosity factor of how they would do clam chowder in the desert. The answer: Not well. There were carrots?? in it, and it was so thin. The taste wasn't bad, but   doesn't get the Bostonian seal of approval.My husband had the fish and chips which were HUGE, and the cole slaw was actually really tasty. He said the fish was great, not greasy or heavy. I had a cheeseburger, and it was solid. I had onion rings with it, and they were solid but a little too much breading.I had the Hefeweizen and it was AWESOME, and a huge glass was less than 4 bucks. My husband liked his choice as well.Overall, a nice change of pace from the overpriced stuff on the Strip!
4	You can't go wrong with this place if you are staying in downtown Las Vegas. Come for the beer and enjoy the nachos! If sushi is for you there is also a sushi bar inside.
5	We decided to eat here after finding mostly glowing reviews here on Yelp and we were not dissapointed.  The wait for a table was about 20 minutes, not too bad for 7pm on a Friday night...and it took a bit for our server to get to us...but all was forgiven when the food came.My husband ordered the fish and chips and I had the fish taco plate.  We were amazed at the size of the portion, especially at the reasonable prices they charge...and the taste...some of the best food we've had lately.  We were looking for  a BJ's Brewery type of place to eat and this did the trick.My hubby also tried the Triple 7 Special - Hefferwiezen beer.  He said it was some of the best he's tased.We had a really nice experience and were even able to watch the Angel's game.Oh, and the calamari appetizer that we got because we were starving when we ordered, we took most of that home and will have it later because the regular meal was so filling.  We would definitely recommend this place!
3	The garlic fries and calamari apps were great. The sushi not good. The dragon roll sauce was not right, it was more like a polynesian sauce.  The brewmaster roll had way to much rice. My brother in-law had the guac burger, he said it was just okay. They do have great prices and our waitress was great.
4	This place would totally get 5 stars for food, but the service here SUCKED!  They take forever to greet you and bring your drinks and take your order.  But the drinks and food are AWESOME so don't let the crappy service get in the way of an AWESOME experience.I came here 3 times in the 5 days that I was staying in Vegas.  (Ya, it's that good)  I was a little disappointed that the garlic fries no longer use fresh garlic, but like a bottled costco type of minced garlic.  The fried mushroom app is another tasty one.  And how can you go wrong with 40 pieces of peel-and-eat shrimp cocktail for 12.95$!!!!  I ate the filet mignon steak sandwich and added jalapenos to it.  YUM SCRUM!!!  I also tried the nachos which is like an entree itself not an appetizer, and the wild mushroom pizza is also gooood.Another awesome thing about 777 is that they brew their own beer.  I had a beer sampler (five 5-oz samples of all their microbrews: gold, pale, special, red, dark)  The gold and red beers were awesome!  Definite yummy.  I didn't bother to try the sushi so I can't really say anything about that.
4	The line to get in wasn't too bad, especially on a Friday during dinner time.  That was actually surprising that there was pretty much no wait time compared to when we came here last year. We were seated right away and our host was super nice and attentive and really took care of us. My boyfriend and I LOVE the Ahi poke they have there.  It is really fresh and surprisingly good.  We came here last year and tried it out, and have decided to come back every time we visit.  It's pretty rare to come across fresh fish, let alone, fresh and tasty POKE, and... in vegas!? If you're looking for something meaty, try the 1lb t-bone steak.  It was good and cooked perfectly to our liking.  While you're waiting, try the hot crab and artichoke dip that comes with garlic bread and chips to spread or dip it in.  It's all kinds of cream, crab and buttery goodness.  If you're watching your cholesterol, I would say stay away from it, it's VERY rich, but if it's something you only have a couple times a year, I say go for it.  Like I said, we are definitely coming again and making a ritual out of it. =P
3	It's a typical casino cafe with typical casino cafe food. They do have a sushi bar, but it didn't look like something I wanted to try. I did buy a jug of beer from there and that was pretty good.
3	We went here on a Sunday afternoon and it was PACKED. It had pretty atmosphere with all the microwbrewery equipment visable thru the glass w/ a sushi bar to boot. it also felt kind of haunted.. that old style feel, which really worked for it. We both ordered a hamburger , me just a plain ole cheeseburger which was delish- patty had that flamebroiled taste to it. was good. got pretty full so ate mostly the meat and cheese. The fries were ok but got cold fast. My bf ordered the bacon cheeseburger with the onion ring in it.. forget the technical name on the menu for it but it was good but he said he wouldnt order it again b/c it was so messy. I told him just to take out the onion ring.. problem solved :) oh and the bbq sauce. I'd come back def. for the HH specials they have going on but ... those dont pertain to football nights?? wth? most places have specials FOR football nights so that didnt sit well with me.
5	One of Vegas' best restaurant. If you can get there for happy hour M-F even better price! Medium prices, not expensive by any stretch. Crab dip is excellent! Oysters Rockefeller is excellent! Peal and eat shrimp is a nice little side to snack on. Middle of the night craving? Try their soup only offered during the late night hours. Their beer is delicious, make sure to try it. My favorite is their raspberry beer however it's seasonal and there's always something new to try. Recommended Foods: Crab & Artichoke Dip, Ribs - the meat is so so tender it falls off the bone. Literally! Pizza is just okay, a take it or leave it dish, peel and eat shrimp, hamburgers, sandwiches, prime rib is good... portions are generous, more than enough! (Went back today, had the dip and ribs again... yummy! Parmigiana sandwich was not that good though the cream of corn soup was very good)
4	Vast menu - you can find almost anything that you're in the mood for! The beer is really good too - they sell an amazing 5-beer sampler that I definitely recommend if it's you're first time! Service is pretty good, waitresses are friendly. Located in the Main Street Station Casino.My top pick - the Teriyaki Burger.
3	We decided to stop by here for lunch recently.  I had the Portobello Burger, which has a giant portobello in place of a hamburger.  It was quite nice actually, and if you like mushrooms, I highly recommend it!  My friends had some dishes that they didn't quite like though, including the personal pizzas, which were not unlike most generic casino pizzas, and the fish tacos.The dining area is very large, and can accommodate the largest parties.  The walls are lined with various awards that they have received for their beers.  The brewery itself is clearly visible through the glass walls.  We watched a brewer do some house cleaning while we enjoyed our beers.  Speaking of beer, the reason to come to the Triple 7 is the microbrewery.  I ordered the porter, which was a nice stout.  It was very smooth and tasty.  It paired well with my burger.  I also ordered a sampler of the other beers.  The Stout IPA they had specially for this season was also a really good beer.  I wouldn't say its the best stout that I have had, but the extra hoppy bite that it had was quite nice.  I wasn't impressed with the other brews, however.  The red ale was more of a light beer with a red ale tint to it.  The blackcherry stout was a sweet, cough syrup thing.  Non-beer drinkers might like that one.  The other light beers aren't really worth mentioning.  Any brewer who experiments with craft beers in Vegas deserves a good review though. In my opinion, the food was good enough to come back for the beer.  Stick to the stouts though, as that seems to be the Triple 7's specialty.
5	Great place!  First timers.  Saw an ad in the paper stating happy hour 3-6 pm with $2 beers and wine and 1/2 price appetizers so we were skeptic but it turned out to be for real.  Great tasting micro beers to start and then we had 2 glasses of wine with our appetizers. We got there at 5:15 so we had to rush our drinking and appetizer ordering but our waitress was cool and worked with us to make sure we got our orders in by 6 pm.  1/2 price appetizers includes a bucket of peel/eat shrimp, large basket of calamari, cheesy garlic bread (looked like a pizza), large quesadilla and dozen chicken wings (w/Thai sauce).  Service was great and the atmosphere was relaxing.  Our bill for 4 with 4 beers, 8 glasses of wine and all the above appetizers, came to $40.  UNREAL!...and the food was quality, not high volume fast food stuff.  I will definitely go back (next time at 3 pm) and recommend this to anyone going to Vegas.
1	Possibly the most insulting situation I have ever been in. Our waitress ignored us after the meal was brought out. Never got a refill, and we waited for approximately 20 minutes at the end for our check. In the end, I only got it because I asked for the manager. He dropped the appetizer off the bill. Ill stop somewhere much closer to home next time.
4	$1.50 pints in the casino was probably the best beer deal I found in Vegas, though I thought it was odd that the same beer was twice that in the brewpub.  Beers were decent quality and some happy hour food deals were alright.  For thrifty beer drinking gamblers in Fremont area, this is your place.
4	I've eaten at this place a few times now and they have good food at decent prices. After losing tons of money at the table, this place is a win. Their beers are good and the burger is always a winner here.
1	AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL :( I was so so so super excited to try this place and not one single item we ordered was any good..crab and artichoke dip literally tasted like creamy waterfried  tuna roll- grossmozzarella sticks were ok but the sauce was worthlessportabella mushroom burger was loaded with a gross amount of cheese and wayyy to saltypizza was flavorless so sad because we were so so excited to try based off the reviews
4	I have never been to a restaurant that literally had everything for everyone! From sushi to burgers, Triple 7 is sure to meet the foodie needs of all diners, whatever their poison may be.But the food is not the highlight at this downtown spot...it's the beer!!! Their everyday taps are decent...their seasonals are not to be missed. Make sure to greet the staff, as they are extremely pleasant and helpful!!! I have been going for years and make it a must every time I visit Vegas!!!
3	You know what bugs me?Going to a place that features beer and having a beer that tastes like detergent.Beer simply doesn't taste good when mixed with bleach or soap.I've enjoyed their beer from rinsed glassware, and it has been decent. Nothing special, but not the usual bud light or heineken in Vegas.Just not this time.Their food is average, think TGIFridays, but the real attraction is the beer. Nice surroundings and good service.
4	4 stars - for the beer flight.5 Stars - PRICE 4 Stars - locationTried 5 or 6 different beers for $6 bucks. THAT'S AWESOME! It was their flight and the bartender added in their brew of the month. Pumpkin beer, which was surprisingly nice.I like beer, but I am no "beer connoisseur". The dark beer was ok. There were 2 that I thought were very good, and two that I didn't take a liking to. Sadly, I can't remember which ones. SORRY.BUT - the flight was well worth it.Customer service was great. All we ordered was that flight and sat at the bar and had a chance to chat with the bartender. It was pretty slow so we weren't rushed or anything.First time to this casino for this spot and was pleasantly surprised. Clean casino and fun decor. Would def go back!
3	This restaurant is 24 hours and has their own brewery. The food is decently priced and the portions are average. I've heard that the late night menu is really cheap and good but I've never tried it, it starts really late or I should say early in the morning like 2am I think. The waitresses are friendly and everything is done in a timely manner. I had the prime rib a couple of times which was really fatty and tough. I've also had the salmon which is good with the salsa on the side. Overall a decent place to eat with a bar and TVs as well. ^_^*~
3	Triple 7 Brewery is another find located in Main Street Station.This place is a big roomy open area micro brewery with a sushi bar inside along with many flat screen TV for sports games. Triple 7 has an descent menu for lunch/dinner and late night along w/ specials.They have everything from salads, pizzas, Sandwiches, burgers, chicken strips, fish n Chips, mexican food, steak, prime rib dinners, shrimp, sushi, oyster/shooters, full bar and more. I like there Nachos and prime rib special for $6.99-$7.99 i think...The have a happy hour and beer specials, House specials for a $1 during Happy hour and late night specials. They usually have games playing or playing music. This place is Open 24 HRS.......
3	If you are ever staying downtown Las Vegas off fremont street and are looking for a place to relax and have a meal Triple 7's is a place to check out. The food is not bad, but not amazing either. I enjoy the burgers and the pizza isn't all the bad. Have not had a chance to try their micro brews but looking forward to them in the future as this is usually a lunch place during work outs for me. Again worth a visit but wouldn't say a must have...
3	3 1/2 stars to be more precise.Totally.  Fricken'.  Awesome.  If you go here, go here for the BEER!  I am not a drinker in the slightest sense (even though I do occasionally 'Blame it on the a-a-a-a-a-alcohol') but Triple 7's award winning brews are top notch!  Some of the best hand crafted beers you'll find in all of Las Vegas!  Seriously!  Yes...in lil' old Main Street Station casino!  Haaaawaaaiian!  Cheeeeee Pono!  And yes, yes my friends...you will see many island people in the middle of winter dressed in t-shirt, shorts, and rubber slippers.  Tips:  "Howzit brah" means 'hello', and "Brok' da mouth ONO" means 'yummy'.  Local speak!Want to experience good drink and food on the cheap-cheap?  Go to Triple 7 during their popular HAPPY HOUR!  Going from 3 PM - 6 PM M-F (except holidays and Monday Night Football) you can get wine and well drinks for $2.00, or a 16 oz. microbrew beer for $2.00 too!  That's a lot of brew for a little buck!  It is a great time to try each of their five or six brews they have on tap.  My favs are:-High Roller Gold (their flagship wheat beer)-Marker Pale Ale (light and bitter with a clean finish)-Black Cherry Stout (seasonal, with hints of chocolate and cherry)But trust me, each of their beers are phenomenal and go great with their menu.  On the Happy Hour menu for $4.50 you can have your choice of items that include a dozen chicken wings, 20 peel-n-eat shrimp, fried calamari, and a California Roll.  So cheap and so good!And don't forget their regular lunch and dinner menu!  Triple 7's Legendary Garlic Fries ($3.95) are very good, and so are their Nachos Grande w/ Chicken ($8.95).  Share with some friends!  They also do soups, salads, pizzas, sandwiches, and burgers.  I really enjoy their Teriyaki Burger ($7.95) and their Mushroom Burger ($7.95).  For you non meat eaters, with their burgers you can substitute a grilled chicken breast for no extra charge!  Triple 7 also has Brewmaster's Favorites and Dinner Specials on their menu.  The Fish and Chips ($9.95) are battered in their own Marker Pale Ale then deep fried.  Excellent with a brew to wash it down.  Also popular is their 1/2 pound Prime Rib dinner ($8.95) with veggies and a baked potato.  Go meat!So if you're down on your luck at the craps table or that slot machine (Damn you Wizard of Oz!  Damn you!), that leftover scratch you got will get you a cool brew and some warm eats to drown away those sorrows.  Lost Wages, anyone?  Get down to the Triple 7 to get your pub grub on!
3	Had a working lunch meeting here last week.  I had my favorite dish, the Chicken Philly Sandwich w/Salsa Ranch on the side and Fries.  It was as good as the last time I was here.  We arrived when they opened at 11 am to beat the lunch rush and to have some quiet time to meet.  Everything worked out perfect and ran into a few old friends while I was there.Will I return?  You bet.
5	Awesome happy hour! Their microbrewed beers are a mere $2 a pint from 3-6pm Monday through Friday (excluding holidays and Monday Night Football.) They also have $2 well drinks and wine as well as a great selection of bar food for $4.50. I had an IPA and a Santa Klaas Holiday Ale which was specially brewed for the holiday season. This was a very dark ale that is made with coffee beans and cocoa nibs. It was a delicious and different bittersweet ale with coffee and chocolate overtones. The service was friendly and fantastic!We were only there for drinks this trip but will definitely return for more awesome beer and to try some of the yummy bar food!
4	I really enjoy this brewery in Main Street. Admittedly, it may be more like 3 stars, but my enjoyment when I'm here bumps it up to 4 stars.It's sort of an average brewery - average food and average beer. But I really like the layout of the place and the atmosphere. Plus, the bartenders are really nice and helpful.The beer is all good, though nothing particularly stands out. Definitely opt for a sampler. Everything I've tried from the menu has been good. The two most memorable items have been the burger (quite good for your average burger) and the hot wings. The wings are definitely above average. Average size and meatiness, but great sauce and kick, with good dipping sauces.Personally, I always prefer to sit at the bar here. And it can be interesting people-watching and conversation eavesdropping. To top it all off, the prices are pretty good.
4	Get the beer sampler for sure! For around $5 you get to try a 5oz serving of five of their microbrew beers. Their dark beer in particular was one of the better ones I've had. The beer is the star here but the food is okay too.I tried a cup of the sirloin chili and was very impressed. It had a spicy, smoky flavor and used real shredded steak, not ground beef. I had the half rack of ribs which was $9.99 and pretty good. Being from the south originally I'm very picky about bbq and these ribs weren't spectacular but they were  worth getting. They were tender but had a little more fat than you would get at most BBQ places. They came with good fries and green beans which honestly tasted canned and seemed to have a heavy butter flavor. Overall I'd hit this place for some beer for sure and if you want to get some food it's not a bad place for that either.
3	I had family come into town to visit another family member who is temporarily stationed at Nellis for the next month. My uncle and his wife are from small town America...very small town. My uncle has ventured out into the world a few times when he was in the service, but his wife has traveled mostly within the the midwest and south. They wanted to take us to dinner, and wanted to stay on Fremont as that is where their hotel was. After debating between Chicago Brewing Co and Triple 7, we decided on Triple 7 as it had been almost 5 years since the last time we were there.We arrived and had to wait in line for about 20 minutes. It was Friday night and the place was hopping. We didn't mind waiting as it was a good time to catch up. Once we were seated, the waitress helped us immediately. Over the course of the night, the waitstaff was really friendly and very helpful. For drinks, my self and my cousin ordered a couple micros. I had my traditional Red (the Royal Red Lager) and he had the brewmaster's special (an IPA). Later I had the sampler...but I will get to the beer in a second. The menu had a few veggie options, which was totally unexpected. They also had a presumingly vegan option (veggie sushi). I had the roasted veggie sandwich, and the wife got the veggie sushi. My family had burgers and chicken fingers. My sandwich was very good, a little messy by the veggies were roasted quite nicely and the fries were pretty amazing. It was like having 2 sandwiches, which is why the wife and I shared. The veggie sushi (avocado, carrot, red pepper) was very tasty as well. On to the important part, the beer. The Royal Red was pretty light (similar to a Killian's). It was malty, but not too strong. It went down smooth, but not the best local red I've had. I also had the sampler. Overall the beer quality was pretty average. The pale ale had a nice wheat aftertaste, and was pretty smooth. The IPA was hoppy, but more earthy than anything else. Admittedly, I usually don't like IPA's, but this one I disliked for the earthy flavor, not the hoppiness. Overall, this was a good choice. We would definitely return for the food. I wouldn't come just for the beer, but it was decent, and I would support the localness of it.
4	A great place, my family and in-laws showed up on a Thursday night, it was packed..Good sign..went to the buffet instead...good..really good..fast forward one hour..My father inlaw and I indulge in a few brews..its the German way..you know?? He has two large red lagers that he enjoys while I get a sampler at a FRIGGIN GREAT!!! price!! solid brews..we walk back to the room, I head back down, have a couple great brews cheap,,a Nice girl started me out, but she talked to cocktail servers for an hour(Hookup???) lol...anyways I watch the Australian open, with a great priced burger that I ordered medium rare, and loved, the guy who ended up taking care of me was very nice, and did a great job! If in Vegas..check this place out!!
4	Best place for $8 prime rib! Open late night but some times they run out of the prime rib.
2	Service wasn't great, food was meh, beer wasn't good.  The price was good and I've had a lot worse in Vegas.  This place just wasn't what I'd hope it was.
3	Dining out downtown can be very hit or miss. If you're not in the mood for steaks or deep fried twinkies, this is probably your best bet! I came during happy hour and found the drink prices to be a steal ($2 for wine, well drinks, or a pint of their microbrewed stuff). The food stuff on happy hour is pretty weak. Most things are literally .50 off their regular price, and some only .25 off ! I tried the black cherry stout on my last visit . I adore fruit beers that are subtle and this one was awesome. Just that perfect amount of black cherry.. yumm! I paired my beer with some happy hour wings ($4.50), and found them to be just OK. I guess 12 wings for $4.50 is a decent price, but the wings weren't anything special. My friends got burgers and seemed relatively happy with them, but again, nothing special. I think what this place lacks in quality they at least make up for in variety. Everything from sushi to pizza to meatloaf... no wonder all the food is just mediocre!! I hate to say it, but if I had to compare this place to BJ's, I'd have to give BJ's the win. The food is better and the service is far better. That being said, when friends want to meet up for a dinner downtown, this is one of my favorite spots. I'll come here again, but wouldn't go out of my way.
2	I have given this place chance by chance and I just can't like this place anymore.  Happy Hour is decent and the house beers are good.  What kills it for me is the Rib Eye steak.  Everytime I order it its either under or over cooked to my liking.  Doesn't taste that good.  I come here for the Steak and nothing else.  I don't think I will try this place to eat the steak again.
4	It has been a long time since I have been to a casual restaurant that had this good of service.  We arrived at 10pm on a Friday night, and we were seated within 1-2 minutes.  The waitress apologized as if she ruined our evening by making us wait a minute and thirty seconds.Once we were seated, we got our drinks quickly.  The food was above average bar food.  I got a burger, which was good.  Again, tasty, above average bar food.  Not great, but certainly above average.The beers were good.  I had a few different ones.  The Irish Stout was the best.The prices were super affordable.  We got sandwiches and like four beers, and it was less then $30.  We would definitely be back.
2	Hmm, this place really deserves a 1-Star review due to the lack of service but if she wasn't such a scatter-brain, this place would be 4-stars... Our waitress waited 20 mins before we flagged her down to serve us, had to flag her down for each refill of our drinks, had to flag her down for add'l orders... Lady was never around!Triple 7 is a micro brewery... And I have to say, EW. I had the pale ale and well, it goes in tasting like Sierra Nevada and once it settles in your stomach, UGH!!! Horrible after taste! That alone prevents me from ever drinking any of their brews-- EVER.The saving grace for this review NOT being a 1-Star review is the fact that the guacamole burger wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be! LOL But when you slap some guac on anything, it always tastes 10 times better!Burger was good. Beer was "EW" and the service was beyond horrible. Don't come here in a hurry... You'll have to wait a very LONG time.
2	Everyone else is giving this place much higher reviews, so I think I just ordered wrong.  I ordered the four cheese pizza and it was absolutely disgusting.  It reminded me of elementary school pizza...not good.  I did get a look at what other tables were ordering and their food did look good.  I also had the fried mushrooms and they were just okay.The beer sampler was good and that is why I am giving this place 2 stars instead of 1.  It was reasonably priced around 5 bucks or so.The service was just okay.  The place was packed and I think our server was doing the best she could do.I would try this place again if I was downtown, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
4	I waited anxiously for 2 years for another mango brew, and instead of cream ale, this time it is a mango hef.  I got there at 2:40 and noticed happy hour started at 3.  I got a half dozen oysters on the half shell while I waited for 3 PM.  The bartender was awesome.  The oysters were huge!A little before 3, he hooked me up with a 16 oz mango hef and told me he would add it on the bill at 3 for the $2.  Normal prices are 16 oz for $3.26 and 23 oz for $3.95, so during HH you can get 32 oz for $4, a good deal.  Lots of brewmaster's specials, but I only wanted the mango and one was enough to get me a bit tipsy.  To counter that, I ordered the Thai chili wings (1 dozen for $4.50 during HH) and chatted up a random Vegas-defect who was at the bar.  The wings were crispy, hot, and delicious.  The restaurant is really large and the bar area is too.  The TVs are large and flatscreen.  This is a good joint to get a cold tasty beer and watch a game.  Great Happy Hour spot too.  I will definitely be back for good beer, good service, and good grub.  MANGO hef!!!
2	We went during lunch for my mom's birthday. We decided to go here since we had a coupon or gift certificate from Main St casino. We didn't have any beer, so this review is just for the food and service. Nothing really special about it, except the dessert... the deep fried cheesecake. It was good, but not good enough to plan an exciting adventure to this dessert, (check out some of my other reviews, I've had a few adventures ;) ) Service was ok.  Food was bleh-ok. So-so. The waitress we had seemed to be waiting on ALL the other tables on our side of the restaurant. It wasn't packed, but it wasn't empty. There were two waitresses working during a Saturday lunch time. I can see why it wasn't packed. We didn't get any rude service, but didn't get any great service. She didn't check on us enough to be qualified as great-excellent service. Other than taking our order & giving us the check, she checked on us maybe... twice. She seemed like she was just there. Just there for work. Sorry, that won't score you a good tip. We ordered calamari, the fries, a few dishes, some sushi, and the cheesecake. All of it was okay so-so. Nothing great about the calamari or fries, fries came with a few dipping sauces. The seasoning on the fries seem to separate from the fries. That doesn't make the fries tasty. The calamari was so-so as well.No one at our table really liked the dish they got. It was all just okay. Nothing bad. Just so-so quality. I got the fried sushi roll, there was nothing tasty about it. I've had fried rolls before (at breweries/bar type places) and they were delicious. So I was disappointed with this one. I've been to other non-Japanese or non-Asian breweries and bar type places that have good sushi. Other dishes we ordered were philly cheesesteak it was okay. My brother barely ate half of it. My other brother ordered fish and vegetables, he said it was bland. He only took a few bites and didn't eat the rest. And they usually eat a lot! We ordered the caterpillar roll, but the waitress gave us a california roll and charged us for caterpillar roll. (it's a few dollars more than a california roll.) She apologized for it, and changed our bill, but again... she just seemed like she didn't care to serve us (or maybe be at that job.) Who knows... The fried cheesecake was good, my first time trying it, so I'm glad that was more than okay. But it was just good, not great. Maybe that's also because of the disappointing service and all the other food we had while there. No one really enjoyed their food, so we probably won't be here again. If I ever go there again, I'm gonna have to try the mango brew.  They didn't offer us any beer menus so how was I suppose to know?
4	This place totally intrigued me when I first saw it. I asked about microbrewery prices and the waitress told me to come after midnight for $2 pints. $2 pints of microbrew??? AWESOME!The IPA was pretty good, but the Porter was awesome. It was a definite coffee porter, and pulled it off very well. Also loved the garlic fries... But don't let the "legendary" fool you... Just normal garlic fries.
3	People have been raving about this place to me since I started going to Vegas.Let's just say......what's the hype for?The food was average......the beer is good (but I can get it for free at Boar's Head Bar or on the Casino Floor).  My check came and I was less then impressed.  My food was acceptable, but the way this place has been promoted to me for years (in those years I stayed at MSS) and I've had better food at Four Queens (Magnolia's).  Give it a shot if you like people, but don't go with expectations of a good place.  It's just like the 99, Ruby Tuesdays, or TGI Fridays.
4	2 dollar micro brews during Happy Hour.  I had the Red 7 Amber, the Pale Ale, and the Lager.  All excellent.  My wife had the Mango-Weizen.  That's right mango beer.  A little sweet for the beer pounder, but excellent taste.  As for food, we had the BBQ chicken pizza - excellent; and the Mushroom pizza - pretty decent.  Would have given the place 5/5 if the mushroom pizza had a little more umph.   6 beers; 2 pizzas - 30 bucks.  Can't beat that in Vegas, baby!  Great waitstaff.
4	Great beer!
4	Great place right off Fremont street. Great parking, & even better food.!!
5	This place is awesome. Best in it's price range in Vegas...and I'm a local.  The food is great, from the appetizer's to the prime rib.  Everything is cooked to order and to perfection.  There are TV's throughout and are typically tuned to sports.  If there's a game on you want to watch specifically, just ask, they'll put it on for you.My beer drinking friends say their brews are fantastic and they don't skimp on the mixed drinks either. The service is great, everyone is friendly...which is a rarity in this city and it's pretty quick too.Open 24/7, great prices, great food.
4	Lisa L.'s review got me at mango hef. I have been trying to get at least one friend to go with me for happy hour for the past month. In my attempt to not drink alone and look like an alcoholic, I persuaded my sister to tag along. Triple 7 has one of the best happy hours. Monday-Friday, 3-6, with the exception of Monday Night Football and holidays. $2 is the price for their house wine, well drinks, and house-made brews. Most importantly this encompasses said mango hef. It is nice to walk into a place during happy hour and not have to fit for a seat in a small section to take advantage of the special. No, Triple 7 let's the whole restaurant partake in this goodness. They have a limited HH food menu that consists of quesadillas, wings, calamari, and maybe two other items for 4.50. We ended up splitting an order of the calamari. The squid were lightly battered and flash fried. The tenderness of the meat is not toughened in the process and still came out crispy. Served with a side of spicy marinara and lemon wedges, it is a nice snack while drinking. Just not the best choice with the mango brew. My sister and I learned our lesson. Good on their own, bad in tandem. Our server was attentive and checked in regularly without being obnoxious. Definitely worth a visit during happy hour.
1	I've been here many times before and I thought the food was decent.  I decided to take my parents since the line at the Cal was way too long and they didn't feel like eating hawaiian food at the restaurant on the second floor.We ordered the fried calamari, nigiri sushi, baby back ribs, cheese steak sandwich and cheesy bread.The fried calamari was decent, but I wouldn't get it again.  The breading was soft and not crispy.The nigiri sushi was horrible, the sushi rice tasted like rice porridge and the fish had no taste.  I've been here before and the fish was pretty good, so I was extremely disapppointed.The baby back ribs was decent.  The meat fell off the bone and the sauce wasn't too bad.The cheesy bread was decent, nothing special, just cheese and pizza dough below it.
2	a disappointing trend to a what used to be a pretty good quality place?have always eaten here multiple days during visits. our latest trip brought us here for dinner. The dinner special was a seared ahi salad for $12.95. Now by vegas standards $12.95 means something extraordinary. What we got was an iceberg lettuce salad with an overpowering asian vinegar dressing. Top it of with a medium rare ahi with strings in the middle!!!!! totally unacceptable. I've never had a bad meal here for years until this past week.so sad..once my favorite place drops to the bottom of the list. dared not try to order the sashimi and sushi for fear of more poor quality.is it the economy or lazy chef?
5	Big portions of tasty food. Gets kind of loud, it is a sports bar type of place actually a microbrewery. I got the fish and chips this time, tasty. Save room for dessert the deep fried cheesecake is awesome! The food comes out pretty fast, they check on you a couple of times after. But the wait for the check takes awhile.
4	Good place in an old school casino.  Came here with a group of 15 and were seating quickly, the service was great and the food was pretty good for the price.
1	Was there last December and was very disappointed.  Previously, in 2008, I had a good burger and salad with the beer sampler.Fast forward to December 2010, I was really hungry and ordered the extra large prime rib.  It was not much bigger than the regular portion and was dry and tough.  I ordered it medium rare and got a medium.  Added on the soup for a few dollars more and got a teacup size portion of really crappy soup.  Needless to say, portion control was strickly enforced and left me still very hungrySo hungry I ordered an appetizer, hot crab and artichoke dip.  It was like soup.  Need not say more.  Unfortunately, Yelp does not have negative ratings, or I would have given a minus 2.
3	My husband had never been to the Main Street Station Hotel.  We were running errands with my parents Downtown and decided to have lunch here.  My mom and dad each ordered a burger.  My dad said his over overcooked but still said it was okay.  My mom had no complaints about her burger and fries.  My husband and I split artichoke and cheese dip.  This comes with tortilla chips and pieces of garlic bread.  Overall, bland...I wouldn't suggest ordering it.  However, if you do...it tasted better on the garlic bread so skip the tortilla chips.  We also split the BBQ Chicken Pizza.  It was okay but I think it needed to be cooked a little longer.  If it would've had a nice crisp, browning to the cheese and crust it would've been 5 stars.  However, it came out looking a little undercooked so I would only give it about a 2-3 stars.We ordered the 5 beer sampler.  My husband and I only finished 3 of the 5 beers...the 2 light samples and the amber samples were all good.  The 2 dark beers were very bitter and medicine tasting.  I'm normally a dark beer drinker, took 1 sip and couldn't finish the beers.  Our server was okay.  There was a college football game on so she was very concerned and distracted with the large table next to us.  Overall, I would go back here for a happy hour.  Otherwise, I don't see myself making it a top priority for a repeat visit.
5	Love this place! Its great for watching the game while grabbing some ono grinds! Their loco moco, wings, saimin and burgers are great. They're also open late night, so when you're done gambling and headed back to your room and wanna grab a late night bite to eat, head over there. Their servers are really nice and friendly, which makes everything even better. They also have their own beers - try them, they're really good. Overall, I really like it here. I definitely suggest making this a stop if you're staying Downtown - and even if you're not. :)
4	Had dinner at Triple 7 Restaurant on Tuesday.  My boyfriend and I waited for 10 minutes in line for dinner, and were sat at a nice table.  We were greeted by our server in a timely manner.  Travis had the pumpkin ale beer and I had a diet soda.  The menu caters to all kinds of choices; pizza, sushi, steak, ribs, and sandwiches.  We needed an extra minute to decide and the server was patient with us!  Travis and I ordered a sausage and mushroom pizza with two side salads.  The pizza was good, drinks were refilled, and plates were cleared.  The room was full of business and the TVs had a baseball game playing.  Overall, the experience was good!
5	GREAT brews and nice prices on the beer and loved the Pumpkin Ale mate.  I had the buffalo sandwich, it was ok.  I was thinking there was some meat on the sandwich but it was a veggie meal.  I got the garlic-y special fries and they were a nice adder, good pickles too so get some extra if you like pickels.  The partner had the special which was a bbq, bacon chicken sandwich and it was the bomb.  We ended up getting a side of the bbq sauce to dip our fries in, it was tast-EE!!!!The area isnt that great and the casino is old, but the craps table is hot and it was fun!  Don't ward off because it's a little off the path.  Get over to this joint and check it out.  You can NOT go wrong gambling here or drinking the home brew through the casino!!!!
5	777 is my favorite late-night place downtown, and since I am usually looking for a meal around 3am, I have tried lots of them. I always get the same thing, and I am completely full and out the door, including tax and tip, for $10! The Loco Moco is very hearty and a real bargain for only $5.25 from 2am-7am. They also have 16oz micro brews for $2 during that time.I have only been there during lunch/dinner hours once before, but I had a very enjoyable meal that time, as well. I had the Mahi Mahi, which was great. Then I had probably the greatest dessert on earth, the deep-fried cheescake.
4	We have added the Triple 7 to our 'must eat one lunch' at least list.  We enjoy the food, beer and neighborhood tavern feel.  The burgers are very good and the variety of their beer makes it interesting.The pricing is very reasonable and using Yelp's scale, I would rate it a $$ also.  The casino is classic and worth the visit if for no other reason than to view the woodwork.  It's just a block north of the Plaza at the west end of the Fremont Street Experience.
4	Food: mehService: good if you're sitting at the bar ~ thanks Paul and BrandonBeer: OFF the CHAIN**Black Chip Porter** beer is a winner!! 22 oz of delicious brewski will kick your butt! Makes more fun for a game of Black Jack.
4	Las Vegas Brewery Stop #4Triple 7 Brewery is located in Main Street Station Casino in Downtown Vegas. It was a nice chance to visit that area again. Much more going on then I remember in years past. We sampled their:Royal Red LagerMarker Pale AleHigh Roller GoldBlackchip PorterBrewers Special...I believe was a Pumpkin Spice AleThe names were cute, first brewery to really have vegas or gambling names, which surprised us. The beers were good...seemed like they tried to make lots of different styles including a Belgian quadruple, which we didn't get to try. The brewpub was a nice change because it was dedicated a area to beer and food and didn't have video poker at every table. Great place to watch sports with a large group. We defiantly try again.
3	This may be the best-kept secret in Downtown Las Vegas. The food, while not the 5 Star fare you'll find at Joel Robuchon's in the MGM, is decent --- especially considering the sleazy locale. It's open pretty late, which is nice if you need a rest from the $3 blackjack tables at the Four Queens. The best thing about this joint: the beer sampler is only 5.50 for 25 oz of beer!Random observation: there are a _lot_ of Hawaiians working at, and patronizing, this establishment.
3	Met a few friends here while I was in town for a convention.  The food was great.  I had the Italian sandwich.  everything was fresh and service was great.I'm a non smoker and I don't think the ventilation is that  great in he whole hotel.  so, that bothered me a bit, but i'll admit, i may be more sensitive than others.
4	"...Save Water (and the food), Drink Beer."The food is average - a bit above average, come for the beer.As of Thanksgiving weekend 2011, they had a sampler for $5.50 - five 5 ounce sampler sized glasses of each of their current selections, an IPA, Porter, Blond, Hef, Red, and one of their seasonals - which I fancy the Pumpkin Spice... or get all of them each in a nice full pint for only $1.75 (Seasonal only available in the restaurant)......and remember you're in Vegas, so you actually might want to stop in for a quick bite, and  stop by the bar next to the buffet for the beers, but try your hand at the Video Poker machines to get the beers free (albeit your $ in the cup for tip).For the REAL beer drinker, you'll appreciate these micro brewery's take on these standards. The IPA for example, being the more hoppy of the types is actually pretty subtle, and finishes smooth - which you'l find is a trend with all the selections you choose. My favorie is the Black Chip - which resembles the most like that of a Porter, smooth and rich from the first touch of your lips to the last drop, again, clean finish.4 Stars are for the beer, the restaurant gets 3 stars. As the slogan they stole from Cancun... Save Water (and the food), Drink Beer.
4	As my mother was staying at the Main Street Station, I decided to visit her after I dropped off my bags (from Hawaii), and try out the Triple Seven Microbrewery. I already had my order planned and ready before I arrived.Guacamole Burger with Sweet Potato Fries- 3.5-stars- I ordered this one cooked to medium. At first, I couldn't find the guacamole, but it was under the cheese packed in tight. So it wasn't as gooey or squishy as I had first anticipated. The burger itself was quite juicy, and had a hint of salt which stood out. There is also a lot of olives between the meat and cheese as well. Between the tomato and lettuce was some surprisingly fresh red onions--it definitely hits you fast. I'm usually a fan of caramelized onions on my burgers. The sweet potato fries were average, yet crispy and delicious, as fries should be.Crab and Artichoke Dip- 3.5-stars- The crab flavor hits immediately, and you can tell this is soaked with crab. The amount of oil was a bit off-putting for me, since it made me feel sluggish and tired. Little balls I thought were potatoes, my mother confirmed was indeed artichoke hearts. This is served with tortilla chips and flat bread. I would go with the bread to slather on the dip. Otherwise, your chips will crack under the hefty weight!Loco Moco- 3-stars- I ended my trip the way I started, at the Triple Seven Microbrewery, as I waited for our shuttle to arrive. I ordered it medium rare, as I like to have some blood in the morning--I also hear, I sparkle in the sunlight. Either way, this one comes with a thick brown gravy, which seemed a good fit, but the flavor was overpowering. A mix of salty and robust, it overwhelmed the other ingredients. The egg, I ordered sunny-side-up. The burger was just a burger at this rate. Served hot enough, my tongue was a little singed for a day. The plate was definitely filling, but not too exciting over-all.Blackchip Porter- 4.5-stars- I'm a lover of dark beers. I love the deep woodsy flavor which washes around in your mouth. This porter also has an earthy, chocolate flavor when you drink it. Served with a thick lather of froth on top. Definitely a beer worth trying.Atmosphere- They really keep the look of the train station here. Huge glass windows show off their giant microbrewery, housing all their different beers. The wide open-space takes away from the look of a bar, which would be great for a place like this, and makes way for an almost family dining environment. Tons of tables and seats, rarely filled--since the next-door Garden Court attracts the big eaters. There is a lot which could be done with this place, and it's not out of reach either.Service- Service is decently fast, with a touch of Aloha--since this is a very local hotel the way it's run. The meals were delivered quickly, and there are television screens all around to watch the games and sports-reels.Conclusion- A good place when you're not feeling the buffet. The hours are pretty generous from 11 a.m. to 7 a.m., definitely a place to stop when you want a drink and something to eat after long hours of 20x odds on craps, slots, or blackjack tables. Also, it's so close to the wifi zone, you can get good reception while you eat and drink. The Downtown area of Vegas has a different feel to it, and this place fits right in.
5	This place has all the micros you could think of. The sampler is a great way for you to try a little bit of everything. On top of beer, they have a menu that covers all the bases from American Grill to Sushi.  They also have a happy hour, which is always a bonus!  I had a burger here with some beer and it was a great choice.
4	Winner Winner Chicken Wing Dinner!  777 is always a good place to hit after a hard days work.  They've got appetizers up the heezy all at good price.  Me and my fellow employees always order a workload and still end up with a bill under $30!  Some of the goods we normally order are chicken wings, shrimp, calamari, oysters.. there is a lot on the menu, but whatever you decide to order, by God I tell you, always order a side of CHEESY GARLIC BREAD!  So cheesy, so garlicy, even Vampires can't get their hands off them.. HarHarHar.
4	It's been a long time since I've been here, so when my friends wanted to eat here before heading to First Friday (we try going to different places), I gladly accepted. There is a weekday Happy Hour, but we just missed it.  Also, don't depend on the website for prices, as they were slightly higher when I looked at the current menu. There was quite a crowd- it's a popular spot. We went to the bar, and the hostess said she'd get us a table as they opened up, because nothing was open. So we went to the bar, which was about 75% capacity, when we arrived. And about 20 minutes later, it was full. My friend had a soda, and I had a glass of merlot (not bad)- for both drinks, it was less than $6. There was only one bartender- and he was busy. He was nice, though; he gave us the receipt so we could show it to the server, for a free refill on the soda. So our friend got there and she got us a table (??? not sure but I think that the hostess forgot about us, because people kept coming inside, and getting tables). Our server was busy too. So we ordered 6 rolls (spicy tuna, california roll, caterpillar & philadelphia) and split them. The bill was $51- which between 3 people, plus tip, was $20 each- that wasn't bad. I like that the restaurant space is very wide open and not dark at all- with a view of the brewery too. If you don't wanna wait, I suggest you get there early, especially on a Friday night. Lunch & Dinner menu has appetizers, salads, soups/chili, sandwiches, burgers, pizza, brewmasters favorites, dinner specials, & desserts. I don't drink beer so I can't tell you anything about it, except that the prices seem reasonable. The last time I was here (my previous relationship), I had the peel and shrimp bucket deal (it's pretty big). The casino itself is pretty smoky, FYI.
4	My favorite casual place downtown.  Great atmosphere, always busy and full of people.  Beers are 5 stars, food is 3 stars but really good value.Try the Shrimp cocktail (HUGE shrimp), Fillet Sandwich, Chili, Ribs or beer battered shrimp.Plus it's any easy comp for the gamblers out there!
4	I finally got to check this place out after being invited out for a round of beer.Mind you, the beer here is strong, but incredibly good.  I had one of their blueberry based beers, and it was like drinking a dessert.  Their microbrewery is huge, and is housed in an even larger room.  The layout is very, very classy, and best of all, no smoking, so I was able to enjoy my drinks even more.The real winner for me was the crab and artichoke dip served with chips and garlic bread.  I'm a fan of both seafood AND dips, and this particular combination had me scraping the bowl for every last attainable morsel. The service was also great.  The guy was on top of things, never obtrusive, but always around for a refill.  And when I looked at my final tab, the price was ridiculously cheap for what I ordered.  Quality foodstuffs for a really workable price.Make no mistake, I was pretty comfortable by the time I strolled out of the place.  The beverages kicked in as we were leaving, and honestly, it was more the relaxed buzz variety than the staggering out, "please hold me up" type.  I attest that to the overall quality and flavor of the drinks.I don't hear a lot of people talking about this place, and I don't know why.  It's certainly something to check out while adventuring on Fremont Street.
5	Late night snack I ordered the saimin (big bowl) and my gf had spam and eggs. Service and food always good!
5	UPDATE!Trip #2 was definitely an improvement over the first time here in July.The brewer made a special brew called "Black Mud."  I sat at a table that ordered five different beers here, and the Mud was literally 100x better than the regular brews here.  Some of them were quite bland, but the black mud was a kick in the pants -- the kind of kick you want to start off your Fremont Street Experience.If you are a fan of glorified yellow water (Bud/Miller/Coors), go home.  If you care about calories, you wouldn't be drinking beer in the first place (a 50 calorie beer is... well... water).  If you prefer taste and quality, grab yourself a Black Mud.  If they don't have any more, demand the brewer makes more for your next trip.This establishment is on the beer map in my mind with the Black Mud.  It's so-so without it.Hear my cry Triple 7.  Keep the good stuff.
4	Good menu selection and decent prices.  I always go for the beer sampler and fish & chips.    Yet to be disappointed.   Probably one of my favorite places to go downtown for just a regular meal.
4	Don't come here with a party of more than 4 especially if your planning on dining. There was a  party of 6 before us and triple 7 said they couldn't put tables together. When it was our turn, party of 7, triple 7 said the same thing. Our tables were next to each other but still didn't allow it us to put the tables together or closer to each other.  There are bar top seating also that should accommodate large groups if open.They brew some really good beer which gives them some originality. There's also a sushi bar, weird because it gives you that typical bar feel but with sushi. Haven't tried the sushi, can't imagine it being any good but I wont know until I try them.Food wasn't that bad but it didn't stand out as amazing. There was a chicken caesar salad which had too much cilantro. The prime rib plate came with choice of sides.  The prime rib was big but not the best cut of prime rib I've had.  There was a bunch of tough fatty pieces that was chewy. The bake potato was small and not so attractive and only came with packet sour cream and butter.They also had a BBQ chicken breast and half rack of ribs combo.  Very delicious only suggestion is having the BBQ sauce on the side because it was spicy instead of sweet which they didn't mention.I had their beers a long time ago. Can't judge them on it cause it was a long time ago and forget how it was. But local so that's a plus.Large dining area, lots of seats and tv around so it doesn't fill crammed.  Good service and feels like a good place to chill and kick back a few brewskies.
4	Cool place.  Decent IPA.   Didn't try any food.
5	It is the best beer in town, I have been coming here 15+ yrs.  Bartenders a great.  The food is average casino/bar food.   But I am there for the beer the food is secondary.  The place is always busy.  They also have a good happy hour.
4	Lappert's Ice Cream was closed one night and the security guards at the hotel mentioned that 777 Microbrewery served ice cream. They were wrong, but I'm glad we came here anyway! Although we originally came here for dessert, we ended up having a late-night second dinner. We ordered the garlic french fries, chicken wings and deep fried cheesecake. The garlic fries were VERY garlicky! They actually had chopped up pieces of garlic on top of them which I have never seen before. The wings are delicious! We tried the honey dijon sauce and the cajun sauce. Both were good. The deep fried cheesecake was also a hit.The service here was great and the atmosphere was very laid back. The beers are also very cheap. You can't find prices like these anywhere on the strip. Also, if you happen to have coupon books from the California Hotel, they are honored here too. After using our coupons, we only paid for the cheesecake and 2 beers which came out to about $10. I think I'm starting to like Downtown Las Vegas..
5	Microbrewery beer flights at 6am, enough said.  I spent almost every late night/morning while on my 5 day vacation in Vegas.  Onion rings, nachos, quesadillas, saimin, honey wings were excellent! I'm a fan of microbreweries because the ambiance is always quaint, unique and different from the usual commercial restaurant chains.
4	Triple 7 is my favorite casual restaurant in downtown Vegas. Nothing gourmet or innovative here, folks - just good bar food in a comfortable, airy atmosphere. I'm not a beer drinker, so I can't speak for the microbrews. The pizza, to me, is just so-so but I really enjoy the chicken sandwiches and the fried mushroom appetizer. Give me a few glasses of house Chardonnay while you're at it, and I'm a happy girl. While I'm getting my buzz on, Hubs enjoys watching sports on the myriad of televisions above the bar.I love the high ceilings in here - it feels so spacious and bright, which are rarities in dingy old downtown. (Don't get me wrong - I love downtown, but Encore and City Center it isn't.)If you've never ventured downtown, you've never really seen Vegas. Leave the douches behind on the strip for a few hours and check out Triple 7 in Main Street Station. It's a nice change of pace.
4	I really really like Triple 7! Conveniently located within walking distance of my apartment, it is my favorite choice for late night beer and snacks. They have a great deal at happy hour and after midnight on weekdays when beers are only  $2 (and their house-brewed beer is totally delicious). I keep going back for the Black Mud (brewed with coffee beans; I have yet to try dessert here, but I think this would pair fantastically with a brownie or cake something) and Winter Blues (delicious, delicious blueberry beer).We have always had attentive service (on our last trip, our waitress was wiling to circumvent the late night menu and get us the mozzarella sticks my husband suddenly desired, which was super nice of her) and a good time for not too much money. Plus they are only closed between 7am and 11am, and I am never up at those hours, so they are effectively open 24/7. HOORAY!
4	Mmmm yum, had dinner here while staying the night at the adjacent connecting California hotel.My lover boy and I decided to order an appetizer and two meals to share. Hot crab and artichoke dip...a yummy appetizer that is so rich smooth and creamy! Ir comes with tortilla chips and garlic bread slices for dipping, this is a winner!BBQ chicken pizza, very good! Mmmm sliced purple onion, cilantro and smoked Gouda cheese with a nice sweet and tangy BBQ sauce. Brewmaster's Tekka maki sushi roll, mmm yum! Ahi roll in beer batter, deep fried, comes with a nice teriyaki dipping sauce and wasabi.High roller gold draft wheat beerThis experience was very fun, we had an awesome server by the name of Ana she was fantastic! This place is busy on the weekends, we went on a saturday and there was a small line forming to be seated through out most of the night. Would definitely come back :)
4	Great selection of different beers made at Triple 7 Microbrewery.  Casual dining inside an old school type of casino.  Price is reasonable and food is good.  Always have to visit when I go to Las Vegas even if I'm not staying downtown.
5	Awesome lighting, great to see all the top-notch brewing equipment around the dining room. Punched metal tile ceilings. Good fast service even though they were slammed. Hopping atmosphere without being too loud, and not overdone on TV screens. Good beer, though selection was waning. Wife had Surf 'n' Turf...a good call...perfect seasoning and sauces. All five of us liked what we got, including peppercorn-crusted rib-eye and fish-n-chips. Menu has something for everyone, and a bunch under $20 and even $10.
4	At the Casino with family, they are hitting the machines pretty hard and well me, I've had enough, I'm hungry and I don't know when they gonna break for food, so I wondered into the Triple 7 for some lunch.  I wanted something light, as I figured we'd eventually end up at the buffet, so I ordered the San Fransisco Cobb salad.  It's served in a cheese tortilla bowl, with ice burg lettuce, some crumbled bacon, diced tomato and eggs and your choice of salad dressing.   I got the vinaigrette.The salad was a decent size, however, the "cheese bowl" it was served in was a little stale, and the vinaigrette was too strong.  Service was good, I love the large glass they use for their beverages, no refill was needed it was so big.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, and all around quick service. Waitresses were very nice and courteous.  Will come back again.
4	Whenever I'm in Las Vegas I look forward to eating at 777.  On this latest trip I ate here twice.  Not a lot, but we venture out a lot and aren't usually in the Casino's until later in the evenings.  One of the must haves for me is their oyster shooters.  Nothing really special about them but they're a great price.  Plus they usually have 2 oysters per glass, better deal.  Oh, yah, don't forget the beer too.  If you have a meal book from the hotel they even cover some of the items they sell.We went for happy hour one day when we were unloading all our shopping back at the room.  We decided to have some drinks and pupu.  We ordered their new flat bread pizza, deep fried calamari, spicy tuna maki roll, and their oyster shooters.  I had a Blackchip porter and my wife had a mojito.The flat bread pizza was supposedly a new menu item.  It had good flavor but being a pizza lover I wished it had a more crispy crust.  Still, a good pizza.  Their deep fried calamari is really good.  Their batter is very light and very crispy.  Goes perfectly with their dipping sauce.  The spicy tuna roll was better than you'd expect from a bar in Vegas.  I've had better, but I'va also had worse.  The oyster were just as I remembered.  If you want to kick it up a notch you can also get it with a shot in each glass.  I passed.  I spiced it with a little of the calamari "cocktail" sauce, lemon, and tabasco.  I wished I had some Hawaiian chili pepper water from back home.  The wait staff is very friendly and attentive.The second visit was later at night--about 2 am.  They were still bustling.  I got their Red Ale this time.  I ordered the 24oz and the waitress told me she'd get me a 16oz as it was on special for $2.  That's good customer service.  We also got the calamari again and  their artichoke dip.  The artichoke dip was good.  Had a layer of cheese on it.  It was thinner than I was used to having but it came with chips and garlic bread.  It was really good spread on the bread.  The calamari wasn't as good this time.  The peices were bigger and their was a puddle of oil on the bottom of the basket.  A turn off for my wife.  Other than that, it was overall a really good experience still.  I kind of wish I got more oysters but it was only our late night snack before bed.Next time I'm back in Vegas, soon hopefully, you can be sure I'll be back here again.  Happy Eats!
3	I tried the sampler of beers.  5 pours for $5.50, good deal.  The beers were all good.  I would not go out of your way to get the beers, but if you're in the area it is worth checking out.Way better beer than Ellis Island.They supposedly have okay food too, but we just had the beer.
4	The Triple 7 Restaurant & Microbrewery was conveniently located inside my hotel, the Main Street Station Hotel. I came three times in five days. To the restaurant. Not in my hotel room. Please get your mind out of the gutter.My 11 day work trip to Las Vegas lead me from The Strip to Old Las Vegas. It's definitely not a place to be "seen in the scene." But "Old Vegas" has to be experienced. It's full of charm, character, and characters. Seriously, the sun goes down and the weirdos come out to play. It's freaking awesome.Anyway, this place provides good service, good food, and good service at great prices. What's not to like about that?The menu has a variety of dishes and house brews. There is something on the menu for everyone. And it's all super cheap. My meals consisted of the fish and chips, fish tacos, and a bacon cheeseburger. It was good, good, and super good.Speaking of good, the service was as well. The servers were helpful, patient, and never screwed up an order, even if we had a party of 8 or more. Nice.Anyway, if you are off The Strip and exploring Old Vegas, this is an inexpensive dinner option. And the variety of beer will keep the drinks flowing and the party going.Viva Las Vegas.
4	Going to keep this short.Triple 7 is a cool local place that serves cheap (VERY DECENT) craft beers (23 oz $3.95) and typical bar foods (CHEAP) with sushi randomly thrown in there. From my experience... skip the prime rib, it was pretty ugly, overcooked and well ugly.  They run food specials all the time depending on the nearby holiday, but your mileage will vary on the taste. Stick to the classics (burgers, sandwiches, salads, etc) to be safe. They brews come in a good classic variety: kolsch, pale lager, red ale, stout, and porter. They carry special releases like their cherry stout that I heard is a must. I don't know the quality of the sushi or fish freshness at Triple 7, but there is a Japanese chef if that helps lol. Overall place to visit as a tourist and a local for some low key bonding time with the homies.
4	Had a great lunch here! BBQ Western Burger was great! He got the Teriyaki Chicken Sandwich! For all the Burgers you can sub Grilled Chicken at no extra cost!! Micro Brew beers were 3.25!! Great fast service!!
2	I really WANT to like Triple 7.  It's the kid of place that is pretty cool to hang out with co-workers or take a time out from the action of Fremont Street.  The atmosphere is always good, service is usually pretty good - though some of the ladies are better than others (I've never had a male server there).It's mere blocks from where I work, so it tends to be someplace we fall back on, but in the past few months, I haven't had great experience when branching out on the menu.  Nearly everyone has a favorite food and doesn't eat much else.  We like the salads, pizza, grilled chicken, sushi and most of the appetizers. We keep going back because it's close, the drinks (at the Casino bar next to the buffet) are cheap and the service is pretty good.  They don't fret when 8 people come in all of a sudden and want a table.  If the food was better, they'd probably get 4 stars, but as it is, they get 2.So... based on my experience - Do's and Don'tsDo:Stop at the Casino bar before coming in - the drinks are cheaper (.99 Margaritas, $1.25 beer)Try the sushi - it's probably my favorite thing on the menu.  I've tried a variety of it and while the selection isn't huge, it is good.Have a salad or something else that you know the kitchen has to make.  Much of the food is frozen, but the fresh things are good.Don't:Eat the burgers - they are frozen, premade patties that never taste good.Make it complicated - the kitchen doesn't take change wellTry to get split checks - just come with cash if you're in a group.
5	I give Triple 7 a 5-star in a very specific way - beer and appetizers. We visit Vegas about 5 times a year and I don't think we've passed up Triple 7 on any of them. I don't recall the Happy Hour times, but that's when we try to go. Beer is brewed on site and cheap - although you can get it even cheaper at the casino bar (but they don't always have all of the varieties). CHEESY GARLIC BREAD is awesome and $4 or $5. Meatball sliders, and Honey Dijon wings are also great. I vaguely remember getting a sandwich once and I think it was good....darn microbrews. I recently got pasta though and oh boy did I regret it...stick to basics here and you'll be happy :o)
4	good beer.........average food. Not entirely their fault i guess catering to the white trash clientele on freemont street but with the beer being in my opinion the best microbrewery in the city it leaves a lot to be desired. Basic greasy bar food, burgers,wings,pizza, the shrimp baskets are pretty good and the "VIPA" is always great
5	I love bringing people here when they come to town.The prices are cheap and the food good.There can be a wait sometimes but it is well worth it.They have plenty of seating but can feel kinda clustered with people at times.I love to get a salad and the pizza.Oh.. yeah.. and they have all kinds of tasty beers!!!If you are paying with a debit/credit card be sure to have your ID ready because they card for all those type of transactions.I forgot mine once and actually used pictures of myself on my Facebook page to ID myself LOL. Hey.. whatever works!
3	Decided to hit up the Triple 7 Brewery on a Friday night before beginning the Fremont Street festivities. I've eaten at the Main Street Station buffet many times and found it be one of the better budget friendly buffets out there. Unfortunately my experience at this venue was a far cry from it's dining counterpart at the Main Street Station.We had a big party, 7 people, all hungry. It was Friday, so we expected a wait and were surprised when we were able to get a table quickly. The waitress was great. It took a little time to get our initial drink order, after that the service was flawless. Refills given before your mouth felt like the Sahara Desert, plates cleared quickly, and a friendly smile to go along with the prompt service. Too bad for her, the food the kitchen was putting out was sub-par.So I ordered their classic cheeseburger, added avocado, and substituted onion rings for french fries. When the food came out the onion rings were barely above room temperature. They were soggy and literally had no flavor. Having had the misfortune in my youth of working as a dish washer at a restaurant I know a little about frying foods. This consistency only happens when something is fried, cooled, then fried again. No bueno. After a complaint to the waitress she brought a big stack of new onion rings to the table as several of us had ordered them. These were fresh and crispy. The burger itself was ordinary. Cooked okay, no great flavor, definitely expect more from a brewery. Everyone at the table at their meal, but no rave reviews. Prices are okay, definitely lower than the strip.Fortunately this place is located near Fremont Street where I can drink my sorrows away and get some $1 fried twinkies.
4	Food is a great value and the brews are among the best in town. For the 7 years I've been going here, food quality has been consistent. Prices have increased a bit, and the quality has not changed. Service can be hit or miss, as this place is hoppin' on weekends. Happy Hour is a great value.
3	After hours of playing on the tables it was a nice place to stop and rest my feet with an ice cold stout and fresh raw oysters. And eating at a place called Triple 7 has to boost your luck especially in Sin City.
3	We enjoyed our meal here during our recent Vegas downtown experience.  Boyfriend wanted cheap prime rib, so he searched yelp and found this place.  He ordered a larger cut, so it was like ~$14 maybe (?) and scarfed it down.  I tried a bite and agreed that it was very tender and juicy.  Worth it.I had the mahi dish.  Unfortunately the vegetable side is just one kind of veggie, and it happened to be grean beans.  I only like green beans if they are really fresh and these seemed a little wilted, so I didn't eat many.  Also, it came with a huge serving of white rice (seriously like two gigantic ice cream scoop-sized mounds), most of which I didn't eat either.  So I felt a little badly wasting the food.  If I'd known, I would have requested less rice and a side salad instead, or something.  Anyway.  Then the fish itself was overcooked and kind of dry.  I don't mind it being on the more well done side of things, but overcooked is going too far.  The only redeeming quality of the meal was the amazing pineapple salsa chutney sauce...I just slathered every bite of fish with the sauce and it made everything better!  Delish.We loved the beer sampler (6 samples for $5.50!!  so cheap!).  I enjoyed the mango beer (although bf thought it was too sweet).  I also really liked the porter.  Bf liked the red and the pale ale.  So it was a perfect balance for the meal.The atmosphere was like any brewery/restaurant..think Gordon Biersch.  But it was pleasant inside, lots of TVs, and the service was pretty good.We'd definitely go back, and I would just order something different...probably sticking with the more traditional "bar food" or just getting a prime rib of my own. :)
4	Looking for an inexpensive option Downtown before a show for a quick bite. This is the first place that came to mind. My friends wanted a little drinky poo before the show and my fella and I needed a snack. I ordered the garlic cheesy bread appetizer and he ordered the wings. My friends tried the nachos along with a mango hef that was on special. Everyone really enjoyed their food and drinks. Service was slow, but they were really crowded and our waitress always made the effort to get things to us quickly as possible. Best of all, our meal was cheap. Like really cheap. That made the meal all the better. I'll definitely be back when I'm in the area!
4	I recommend this place. Been here about 10 times, Usually when out of towners come visit.Pros: 1.  Wide selection2.  Price, especially cheap beers3.  The Salmon, Calamari, Oyster Shooters, and Fish/ChipsCons:1.  Depending when you go, there's a wait. You get seated fairly quick, but waitresses every once in awhile forget you're there. Maritess is the only exception. She's always around and pleasant to talk to.2.  Don't get the sushi!! Not fresh, too loose, and too much rice.
3	This place has potential, but since I tried the wings and wasn't feeling them I can only give them 3 stars for now. I'm sure next time we come the score will improve based on all the other food options that everyone in my party seemed to enjoy. The mango hef was pretty good, so I'd come back to see what other flavors they cook up in the future.
3	What can be said about a restaurant that fits the classic stereotypical Las Vegas establishment? You know...the one where there is cheap shrimp cocktail, decent drinks, and service that makes you feel you are at a diner, yet not? Well those same emotions came to light at Triple 7 where I found the food comfortable, service just a tad lacking, and prices rather cheap.The menu features an eclectic fare of American classics, sushi, and of course shellfish. Never thought I could get a prime rib at the same place I could get a California roll? In either case, the food wasn't bad but at the same time not great. It was decent. Nothing special. I found the oysters a tad gritty while the shrimp were on the smaller side. Service was a little lacking. It took us awhile to get service once we were seated and while the food didn't take long to come, drinks went empty and it took awhile for water to refill. Ambiance is comfortable with a town tavern type of feel. Seating can be a little tight so you might not want to have what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas conversations. Prices are very reasonable with entrees being in the $10-15 range and they offer some cheap drink options including evening $2-5 beers.All in all, it is decent. Nothing truly great, however at the same time didn't disappoint.
3	The food was good bar food we had calamari and some other stuff,  but their dark beer fell flat with me.  I was just not impressed.  It was not very flavorful and just made me sad as I had left Sin City at the Flamingo for this place and I should have stayed where I was.  But if you are in the area, based on other reviews, come on down as the food is not too expensive.  As I'm not a pale beer drinker, maybe that is better.
3	Based on what the other three people I was with ordered, it appeared that i made the correct choice at this brewery. Gotta give props for the Mango Hef of course since this is a brewery at heart. Burger looked normal and steak sandwich seemed quite fatty and the 4th person ordered a ribeye, which looked like she was struggling to find some meat on the steak at times. All of those dishes were forgetable, but my $8.99 pepperoni pizza was the best of the bunch. Eight very large slices (I only finsihed half) so this is shareable. They do use two kinds of cheeses, so if your a purist, then maybe just ask for mozzarella. But the crust was excellent and this qualifies as a safe choice if you find yourself eating here. Would go back for pizza and beer anytime.
5	Mango hefe is amazing. The beer here is super cheap and amazingly delicious! Didn't have dinner here, just drinks but the bar staff was friendly :) I will most definitely be coming back for more amazing beer :)
3	Good beer although brewery tours are limited.Bartenders need to be more attentive and more knowledgable on local beers
5	My favorite place to eat when I'm staying downtown.  I very rarely go for traditional dinner in Vegas, so trips to The Chart House, Vic & Anthony's or Hugo's Cellar kind of go out the window.  Aside from that, I just don't want to spend a fortune on a meal when I'm going to spend the balance of my evening gambling, drinking, and wandering around Fremont St.  I usually wander over to the Triple 7 between 12 AM to 3 AM, and no matter what I've ordered, I've never had a bad meal there.  That's telling for me, because usually a place will have a few duds, and you just have to learn what not to order.  Trust me when I say the Triple 7 always delivers good food.  I read other reviews refer to this place as a gem, and they are correct.  It's what you want when you look to a meal you can enjoy at any hour.Some of my "Must Try" recommendations are the Portobello Mushroom Sandwich, Triple 7 Wings (when you're taking down a few of their Triple 7 Brews), Monterey Chicken Sandwich, Fish & Chips, or my drunken go to: Baked Italian Sub.  Look, I could go on and on, if you're looking for a solid meal and you're downtown, this is by far the best place to eat at. Give it a shot....
5	Shrimp and artichoke dip, flatbread pizzas, and cheap homebrew. Tried the sampler until the happy hour special started, then stuck with the IPA. Did not have a weird aftertaste like some IPA's out there. I will be back.
3	Triple 7 is the only restaurant at Main St Station and offers a wide variety of okay food for inexpensive prices. But since it's the only one, it can get very busy and crowded even though it's a large space The bartenders are friendly and efficient, and they offer a full bar with a decent booze selection. They also offer a variety of their own brews, with the High Roller being the best of the bunch, in my opinion
4	I'm a big fan of beer, no no, HUGE fan. I used to live in Oregon where beer is king and this place and their microbrews definitely contend with some great beers! My favorite, the Royal Red! It's the only beer of theirs that I drink because it's so damned good, like goes down smooth with a great flavor, just can't get enough! Not to mention the beer prices are phenomenal and during happy hour are even better!The food here is great, I don't think i've ever had anything bad, EVER. Their regular menu food is awesome and their "standard bar faire" is more than that. it's "kick ass bar faire" Garlic fries are a must have! Service has always been fantastic! This is one of my favorite local spots for sure and I take everyone I know there!
5	Not a beer fan but dam this place had a freaking huge menu of beers, and samplers for beers and dirt cheap.Happy hour is amazing, half off on a lot of stuff.  Came here with my uncles (9 of us total) and we got appetizers and beers and cocktails atleast a new round every 20 mins and got smashed in 2 hours and our bill was less then $80.  So of course we came here again the next day and got smashed.  Wings were awesome, sushi amazing, stuffed mushrooms are to die, and strong well drinks. A must!
3	When you're in Vegas, sometimes you lose track of time when you're gambling.  That's exactly what happened to me a few days ago.  Next thing I know, it's past midnight and my last meal was around 3pm.  Because we were staying at California hotel & casino in downtown, we made our way to Triple 7.  We just crossed a bridge that connected to Main Street Station hotel -- very convenient because it was too hot to walk or drive outside.  This place has a bar and grill type feel to it.  In fact, you can see the microbrewery in the restaurant.  My brother claims that their beer has slightly more alcohol than regular beer.  He got their beer sampler for $5.99, which got him surprisingly buzzed, along with an order of nachos.  I ordered a teriyaki burger and the crab & artichoke dip.  My sister-in-law ordered buffalo wings and an italian sausage pizza.  My sister-in-law's cousin ordered the philly cheesesteak.  Little by little, the food came out and I was surprised at how big the portions were.  I truly didn't expect it from the prices whatsoever.  It was to the point where we contemplated on switching to a bigger table to have more space for all the plates.  The service was okay, though our server wasn't anywhere to be found when we needed her, but she was nice.  The crab & artichoke dip was great.  I didn't really taste the crab but it was super cheesy and it came with chips and garlic bread.  The buffalo wings were decent.  The italian sausage pizza was pretty decent also.  I love that they don't skimp on the cheese, whether it be on the nachos, my dip, or the pizza!  The teriyaki burger was nothing special.  I told the waitress I wanted it medium well but it seemed like I got it well done because it was dry.  Overall, this is a great place to hit up for appetizers and beer.  Cheap eats and great atmosphere.
5	My favorite brewery in Las Vegas! The place is nice and great place to hang with homies for amazing Brew and food. The menu ranges from Bar food to comfort food to fresh made sushi. They have something for everyone. If you get there for happy hour, they have 50% of appetizers and micro brew. The Meatball Sliders are amazing. 3 sliders on a warm bun, smothered in a rich and tangy sauce and dripping with melted cheesy goodness. The fries are crispy and salty the way a fry should be. The wings are awesome. I prefer them extra well done. Nothing worse then biting a wing and the damn thing is bloody. We been there so many times, i can go on and on about the food. The beer is incredible. They take time and pride in their batches. Barleys Beer is ok but pales in consideration. Chicago Brewing company comes in 2nd to Triple 7 Brew. They have their signature beers and tend to add 1-3 new flavors monthly-Bi Monthly. The Black Cherry Cream is awesome. You can taste the Cherry and so smooth. The higher content beers like Monique can put a spin to your dome when you drink a couple lol. When your done grubbing, head over to the bar in the casino. You can get a pint of Micro Brew for $1.75. Cheap compared to anywhere else. Check them out and give them a try. If your a beer lover, it wont disappoint. Until next time, Let's Eat!!
4	I was so impressed with the Triple 7.  Great food and EXCELLENT prices, especially for Vegas.  The portobello mushroom sandwich was "The Bomb".  An excellent vegetarian option.I was also impressed with the lack of smoke in the restaurant.  Perhaps it was a fluke but it smelled a lot better than the rest of Las Vegas.
4	This was my third brewey stop in Las Vegas and m favorite.  You have to make it to old Downtown Fremont street , but defintely worth a visit.  I like the vibe in this place. with a big open space and they do a decent job with their brews: I tried a sampler of 5 of their brews iincluding* High Roller Gold - what you would expect in a lighter beer* Market Pale Ale - decent* Royal Red Lager - my favorite* Blackchip Porter - decently delicious* Watermelon Hefe - Seasonal. Tastes like a sweet tart Bartender added 3 for me that are not part of the normal sampler:* IPA - pretty good * HEFE - solid hef* Saisson - drinkableMet some cool locals at the bar.  Definitely a friendly place.  I recommend going here.  Ohh.... and when nature calls, ask the bartender where you can find the Berlin Wall urinals at this casino (little known tourist attraction... definitely worth it)
4	Since Steven and I are trying to keep things simple on this trip we decided to go to just one brewery. There are other reasons why we just chose one brewery on this trip. Some of you probably can guess why one was chosen if you have been reading my reviews of the past month. That though is only half the story and I will tell the full spectrum of that story at a later time.We chose Triple 7 simply because they had a good overall score here on Yelp! They also had brews that I haven't heard of before. Like a Watermelon Hefeweizen! Well by the time we got there they didn't have the Watermelon Hefe anymore but they did have a Mango Hefe which I immediately ordered! This unusual Hefe went down smooth and tasted awesome. But only one beer allowed for this bird!The food at Triple 7 I could have take it or leave it. It is funny. Many people often say how good casino food is and how cheap it is. On this trip at least not so much. The food is mid priced I would say and often times is sub par to a regular restaurant outside The Strip. I ordered a Taco Salad here and it tasted fresh enough but also seemed uninspired and didn't really have the TLC needed to make it a good dish. The guacamole also tasted a bit odd. If Triple 7 didn't have such good beer I would not have been so generous on the star giving. The food didn't impress me and was one of my least favorite meals. But not the beer. Ho no!
5	I love this place. Great beer, great prices and their food is pretty good too. I always make a pit stop here when I am in Downtown. Great for Happy Hour too!!
3	Love the decor, visual of copper kettles, amazing beer, and killer bar.  If only we could transport it to Planet Hollywood, Hard Rock,  or Wynn hotel.  Great brewery inside what looks like a 1850's train station.  Definitely old western look and feel.  Solid brewery look and appeal.  The crowd is a bit pathetic though being so far off the main drag and away from all the new stuff.  It took a $40 cab just to get here... uggh..   Beers were good but I'm not sure I'd go back because it was too depressing.  This place just doesn't have the visual eye candy of every other place in Vegas.   If I had just lost my life's savings and wanted to end it all, this would be the place to go out with a bang...
5	More a locals spot but good to try if you are staying downtown. Beer is alright, but the specialty beer is amazing. Food is the best party because it's amped up bar food plus they have a Sushi bar. Great hangout place after downtown concerts or a 51s game
5	I wish there was a place like this at the strip (or closer to my house back in Cali - haha).  I didn't get to try the food but Microbrews here are DIRT cheap here!!  Hef, Saison, and Double IPA were all pretty good!!  I'd avoid the ales & pilsners here.  Come for happy hour and pay $3 for a 22 oz of beer!  -23 OZ BEER ONLY $2.95 !!!!  (normal price is $5.95 for the same price, still cheap!)  I picked up the hef-$5.50 for a flight of 5 beers (4 oz each beer!)Tips:-The bartender was cool enough to hook us up w/ HH prices (even though we arrived at 9PM, way over HH).-Regular size beer is $5.20 for a 16oz of beer
4	I remember coming here when I was a kid and OMG it was so cool I like the fact the whole atmosphere was so different than any other place I eaten at mostly because it has the "grown-up" feeling. It normally a dim-lighted restaurant, and whenever it get crowded it get loud. The food were good and I can't remember their price because I couldn't help checking out the look of this place and some of the thing they have like the brew machine, bar, television, etc. Sometime I would stop by here right after the Mayday festival or just to eat.
1	We went here after we've read all the recommendations. The location itself is very nice (on the inside) - typical brewery atmosphere mixed with entertainment of a sports bar. Also there is a free wifi ;). We've ordered the ribs and one of their home brand beers. The half rack ribs were 9.99, which is not that much. And a few minutes later I knew why. ;)The food was really, really bad quality. The ribs were dry, the sour cream was served in a packet and the "Chefs vegetables" we're definitely right out of the freezer and not even hot. Yes, should have known cause of the price...I can not recommend this restaurant. Seems that they were kind of an insider some years ago and let things slide since then. A no-go-place to eat.
4	Cool pub style bar downtown Las Vegas.  I like how easy it is to get here!  Never mind the homeless people walking around outside they are harmless.The food here is pretty good.  Had the calamari and wings.  The clamari was light, crispy and tender.  The wings were crsipy, juicy and big. It is a nice atmosphere in here.  I like walking through Main Street Station - it feels a little bit old school in there.  the bar itself is open and inviting.  The service is good.It has a nice friendly atmosphere.  A good place for large groups because it is big.  It is just a nice place to kick and drink a few beers!
5	Excellent beers on tap and a good mix of people. Reasonably priced drinks.  You must try this place out!
2	I think I have been here about 3 times and I can honestly say its been mediocre to bad.  This last time I tried their sushi which I can highly recommend everyone to stay away from.  Although it was flash fried it came cold and bland yet still had a funny after taste.  I'm positive they have some good tasting items on their menu I just haven't had any yet.  On a positive note, my dad enjoyed his ribs!  I would say stick to the bar food and beer.
2	On Sunday I met up with some friends to have lunch there at around 3:00. Others in our party ordered burgers and really seemed to enjoy them. The portions are large. Fries were ordered for the table. They were delicious, both the sweet potato and regular fries were golden, crispy and hot. I tasted someone's onion rings which were very good. One of the dipping sauces served with the fries was a sweet sauce that is a cross between BBQ sauce and ketchup. It was the best part of my meal! Some in our party ordered cups of chili. Their cup size is very large.I ordered the fish tacos. Big mistake!  The fish was on a nondescript, limp flour tortilla, on a few pieces of shredded, wilted lettuce. I wonder who told the chef that wasabi should go on fish tacos? The fish, although battered and fried adequately, was unseasoned. I thought maybe they didn't season it because it was on a fish taco so I tried someone's fish from their fish and chips order. That fish was also unseasoned and tasteless. Also the staff seemed to be having problems taking our orders in a timely manner. There were 8 in our party and it was a bit difficult flagging down waitresses and getting our drinks. They weren't even very busy that day. Prices are reasonable.
3	............... the beer is the best thing about this place
5	Great beer selection, food is really good with a great selection. Great place to watch sports!Try the wings for sure!
5	An observation:  casinos always serve very good food.Triple 7 confirms that observation.  Perfect burgers, very good pizza, good chicken tenders and nachos..Main Street Station is a friendly, comfortable casino...very good craps, best odds in LV.
4	I can't speak for the beer. It was lunch and I was hung over, so I had a soda. This is a microbrew pub in the casino area of old Downtown Las Vegas, and not the sort of place for which I'd typically write a Yelp review. However, I ordered the Western bacon cheeseburger, which turned out to probably be among the top 10 hamburger experiences of my life. It was dumbfoundingly and wholly unexpectedly incredible. The burger itself is thick and juicy, smothered in a tasty barbecue sauce, and garnished with roasted red peppers, onion rings, and Monterray Jack cheese. It was perfect. It's been several days since I ate it and I'm still thinking about it. A cheeseburger, that is. I'm still thinking about a goddamn cheeseburger. That just doesn't happen.
5	This place is muah! I went here over the weekend and was happy. We had wings and things as you can see from my pictures. The beer is wonderful and the staff extra kind. Its a bit of a sports bar feel to it because of the games on the big Tvs. But I did enjoy myself. The husband is a sports nut who loves his beer and he was very pleased. Its located Downtown Las Vegas you will have a great time if your alone or on a date or with a group.
2	When its 1am and you're in Vegas sometimes you just want to go down to the restaurant in your hotel and avoid any hassles. Triple 7's is a nearly 24hr restaurant located in the Main Street Station Casino and is a cooler looking spot to have a beer but lacks in the food departmentParking:Tons of parking in the Main Street Casino LotAtmosphere:Probably the coolest restaurant in downtown. Kinda of a Gordin Biersch type of feel.  Huge breweries on one side and kitchen on the other.Service:For the most part the 6 times I've eaten here went problem free. Sure most of the times its been after midnight when it was slow but all the waiters/waitresses have been more than adequate.  Beware of the weird hours.Cost:Prices will run you around 7-11$ per person but overall its pretty cheap.  If you're getting sushi(in which I never have) each item will run you about 3-4$ which can easily get pricey. During happy hour(3-6pm M-F) they have a decent happy hour of $5 appetizers and better yet $2 beer & wines.  If you happen to be from Hawaii and are here with "Vacations Hawaii" then this restaurant participates in the food voucher program but your selection is kind of limited to mostly burgers and appetizers.Food:So I've been here 6 times and for the most part I haven't been impressed. Sure most of the times I've had a free meal voucher which limited me to certain items but nothing was "great" on any of my trips. In fact my last visit I ordered the meat loaf which was just plain horrible. The meat loaf came out as a white pre made patty(which I assume was frozen) and has the texture of tofu made product.  The gravy was your typical packaged powered gravy that you would buy for $0.75 in the store.  If you go here stick with a simple burger or the pizzas have looked goodConclusion:Triple 7 looks the part of a good brewery restaurant but just doesn't cut it on the food end. I'm pretty sure they have the same chefs as the big buffet next door because the food seem to be mass produced and on the cheaper end.  If you need a place to watch a game or go for after hour then it's not bad but don't get your hopes up.
4	Cyndy's BOTTOM LINE:  Great micro beers and a good variety of appetizers.We loved the battered fried green beans with wasabi sauce!  Great batter and fried golden brown.
4	Three years ago we stumbled into the Triple 7, starving, hungover, and indecisive about where to eat.  Once we got food in our stomachs we ended up, long story short, having a conversation about getting engaged and then marched ourselves over to city hall to get our marriage license.  So, you could say, Triple 7 holds a special place in our hearts.  In honor of our third anniversary, we decided to go back and actually pay attention to what we were eating.  I was happy to see the Yelp reviews were not terrible!The overall experience was better than expected, I have to say.  Major flaw is just the fact that the menu only lists some of the beers and I happened to glance towards the ceiling and noticed the name of a beer I wanted in poster form.  I asked the waitress when they have that beer and she said "we have it now."  It would be nice if the menu/waitstaff/table tents would inform you, up front, what beers are actually served at the BREWERY.  We started with crab dip that actually had a ton of crab in it, then moved on to a burger and a steak.  Both were cooked well and had a lot of flavor.  Our sides were plentiful and the prices were not bad either.  A solid choice - especially since it's open 24 hours!Our service was attentive and friendly and they happily honored our request to move to a seemingly random table in the middle of the empty restaurant (which is the table we think we technically got engaged at).
4	Triple 7 is a neat place. It's tucked away in the Main Street Casino, an old timey gambling hall with some strange artifacts. The restaurant itself is updated but still maintains a cozy feel with tall ceilings and a lot of wood and brick.The micro brews are surprisingly good. I don't mean to hate on Vegas beers, but when a restaurant offers a flight of five 5 oz pours for $5.99, you prepare for the worst. My flight came in a wooden holster and contained four of the regular beers and one seasonal flavor. I can honestly say that they were all very good.The food is typical bar fare with a lot of burgers in the $7 to $8 range. Nothing is great but the prices are fantastic, so I'm not complaining. As you might expect, the main draw of Triple 7 is the craft beer. If you go, definitely focus on the drinks and limit the amount of food.
4	After taking a bad beat at the Golden Nugget, I called up my friend to meet up for a concert later that evening. Knowing that I required an immediate injection of craft beer, he recommended that we meet at the Triple 7 Brewery at Main Street Casino. Now THIS is what a brewery in a casino SHOULD be. (Yes, I'm looking at you, Ellis Island) They offer a nice variety of your standard brews (Hefeweizen, Pale Ale) and a couple of Brewmaster specials that show their diversity and beer knowledge. I started with the Marker Pale Ale - a very nice, crisp, and refreshing pale ale. For the next brew, I was planning to order the Soothsayer Saison, but I overheard the bartender telling another client that The King's Kolsch was made with lemongrass. She offered a sample to the other gentleman, who commented that the lemongrass flavor was very front-forward. It wasn't for him, he said, but it sure peaked my interest. After a sample I ordered a full glass. It's not for everyone, but it's certainly the type of beer that I just LOVE. The lemongrass flavor was strong but balanced, and the beer finished very crisp and clean. It reminded me of the Ginger Lager at Wild Wolf on the Blue Ridge Trail ... very unique.I was about to order food when my friend arrived, so I can only rate on the beer at this point. I will be back here next time I am in Vegas, and if the sushi is as good as the bartender claimed it is, and as good as the beer, I may bump them up to 5 stars.
3	Decent food, good service. They do have some good drinks though!
3	As Far as cheep food in Las Vegas, it's great. As far as good beer in Las Vegas, it's great. The service sucks and the ambiance is just slightly better than the main administrative office at your local DMV. This is probably due to the fact there are a bunch of sad people eating while taking a break from losing money in the casino. They try to offset the vibe with tons of sports playing on the many TV's on every wall. The beer is really good, its too bad the place is stuck in the old smokey casino. The sushi rice is not quite right. but its alright for the price.  The hot dog simmered in the pale ale with the chili, total worth it. The beer is great!
3	I had a free night so the family and I decided to stay a night...ate here around 9:00 it wasn't too busy after a couple hours of gambling I was starving so we decided to get something we ordered calamari and some kind of all beef hotdog...the calamari was ok sort of bland and the hotdog wasn't that great. But the service was great very friendly and local especially our waitress she was from our hometown back home so it was nice, the atmosphere was sports bar& grill/ brewery look it was nice as well... Not looking forward to going there again but I will give it 3stars just because its ot the best but also not the worst and service was great!
4	OK; just an update regarding the food.  My son and I went and sat at the sushi bar on Sunday at about 8:30 PM.  It was still busy and packed, but we got good service as usual.We ordered hamachi kama (and got a super large piece with the whole collar and a lot of filet attached to it), a mixed sashimi plate of ahi, hamachi, ika, and tako.  Very big serving for the price.  And some various nigiri sushis.  Again the food was excellent and we were satisfied.
4	It's definitely not swanky, but it will satisfy with a little bit of everything on this menu.  Think Applebee's, but with good microbrews.  If you drink, then you must get the beer sampler.  You're not really coming for the food.  Remember that.I hit this spot pretty regularly whenever I am in Vegas (because Downtown gambling and people-watching FAR outranks the Strip).  It has all the bad food you crave during the rat race of salads and Diet Cokes.Even if there is a line out front, waiting to get in, just hang tight because it moves fast, no matter how large the group.  Very similar to a buffet cattle call.Just eat, drink and be merry here!
4	I don't often eat at Triple 7 because I'm partial to the other restaurants within the Boyd properties, but every now and then a bit of sushi or some greasy bar food does the trick.On this last visit, I opted for the former and consumed some oysters, a large mixed sashimi plate and a giant hamachi kama.  Truth be told, the fish isn't the finest quality I've ever eaten, but it's pretty darn good for an offering at a brew pub.  Finesse is lacking, but I can't complain about the portions or the service.
3	Beers are great! The food was not great! The garlic fries had no favor because the garlic all fell to the bottom of the basket. It was jarred garlic too, not fresh. The salsa that comes with the chips and salsa must be "pace picante sauce". I should know better than to order that.
3	The best thing here are the microbrews, they are amazing. The sushi is great and melts in your mouth. I love it. They run a happy hour from 3-6 weekdays and the beers and some select menu items are on sale. They recently updated their menu with some new items, however none of them sound appealing. Basically the menu update was a price increase to everything from 20-25%. With that kind of increase i was hoping they would step up their quality of food up, but unfortunately they did not. Just the same old average bar food. Nothing really stands out except the sushi.
3	Prices have gone up so Triple 7 isn't the bargain it once was for group dining.  There are some new menu items so we tried the pot stickers (small gyoza, not bad), battered and deep fried green beans (really good with the wasabi based dipping sauce but can't taste the green bean), and stuffed pork chops (ok pork chop but the stuffing's consistency was not good - like stuffing made into baby food.  Too full for dessert and only one visit to Triple 7 on this trip (used to be 2-3 visits, sigh).
2	After a long day of conventioning and a long night of walking walking walking through downtown, we decided we needed some dessert and unfortunately, the ice cream shop in the California was already closed.  Darn it.   We decided to head over to the Triple 7 inside of the Main Street Station because the word was they had dessert.  When we arrived the hostess seemed put out by our party of 10 and said she would have to look for a table.  We glanced to our left and saw a long table with 12 seats and asked if we could sit there.  She said we could but if there were ten of us we'd have to all be on one check.  It seriously felt like she wanted us to leave.  We sat.A server finally came by and got our drink orders and then after a while another server came by and told us she was back from break and could take our food orders.... drinks had yet to arrive.  I was very thirsty and asked if I could get a glass of water (which I had already ordered).  She told me the other server was placing that order. Soon after, the drinks did get delivered by server number two, however she started at the opposite end from me even though I was the one who asked.A little longer wait and then the food arrived.  I had decided to get mozzarella sticks instead of dessert as nothing on the dessert menu sounded like all that.  When she delivered mine, I realized there were no set ups on the table, so I asked if I could get some napkins.  The server told me she'd get us silverware once she was done delivering food.  She finished delivering, went and got silverware and passed out one roll to each person... me last.  Then she walked away and came back with extra napkins which she dropped off at the other end of the table.  I was totally feeling invisible.The mozarrella sticks were not that great.  hard and rubbery instead of melty and I shared them...  when I aksed for the bill, she dropped it off at the other end of the table, too.  So bizarre.Overall, I had a good time with good company, but that was despite the service.
4	We had dinner at Triple 7 Brewpub on Friday 3/29/13. The environment is a wide-open lively bar atmosphere. Kind of fun! We ordered:Korean Short Ribs ($6.99) - these was tasty ribs marinated in a soy-ginger sauce.Triple 7 Wings ($7.99) - these were yummy tooHawaii Roll ($13,99) - spicy tuna topped with ahiSpider Roll ($12.99) - softshell crab, avocado, cream cheese, cucumber.The sushi wasn't the best sushi I've had, but it wasn't bad.For good quick food, we'll be back.
2	We were on a mission to find a delicious shrimp cocktail. Saw the reviews and made the trek off the main street into the 777.  Alas, the "cocktail" was four Jumbo Shrimp on a small plate with 2 tablespoons of cocktail sauce. And it was $11!We couldn't believe it was soo small & plain. When the menu said legendary we can say it was unforgettably sad.And so the search continues...Must say the Beer Battered Shrimp was a much better dish if you are craving shrimps. Service is good, the place is clean & modern and the selection of beers was impressive.
1	There's certainly excellent beer in this restaurant if it's the same beer that's served at the bar. There's probably good food in this place, based on what's on the menu. I wouldn't know about either because THE SERVICE SUCKS! With plenty of tables available, the hostess was absent for more than 5 minutes and no one offered to seat us, although servers DID pass us by. When finally seated, it took nearly 10 more minutes for a server to acknowledge our presence, then no water for another 5 minutes. It was at that point, we left, went upstairs to Aloha Specialties, located on the California Hotel & Casino's mezzanine, to have a delicious meal. My advice...sleep at the Main Street Station Hotel, gamble here, enjoy the bar, but pass on all food choices at this hotel. YOU HAVE CHOICES!
4	Very tasty and well made Beers. The house beers are your standard line up, where this place shines is in the seasonals and specialty beers. Some are OUTSTANDING!! The VIPA series offers up some very tasty IPA's, and the Chocoalte Cherry Stout is a must try. I recently had the Lemon Grass Kolsch and it was amazing. Very light and refreshing with a slight hint of citrus, and that earthy lemon grass flavor was subtle but still enough to really bring life to the beer. Food is good but not spectacular, but go for the BEER!!!
1	Walking through the Main Street Station was like a trip back in time. Balconies, tin ceiling and chandeliers oh my. Things were looking good so far as my friend and I made our way past the low limit tables and surly old gamblers toward the brewery. We were there on a Saturday night and the place wasn't all that busy. We decided to sit at the bar for dinner; easier access to the brews was my logic.The selection is what you expect from any brew pub...a blonde, a brunette, a red head; yes I'm talking beer still. The entrees are subpar to say the least. The steak was not seasoned and the pork chop was very thin and tough; sawing through that was quite a feat. Bartender service; and I use that term very loosely:  very poor. 3 bartenders, 8 patrons at the bar including us. It took 10+ mins to be greeted and when we were it was not friendly at all. The bartender had to go back and forth between us and his POS for each item we ordered.  Really, you can't remember 2 simple orders for gods sake? How about a pen and paper to make up for your lack of memory or listening skills?  They never once checked on us during our meal. Was it because they knew the repsonse already? They never once offered us another beer.  Let's do some basic math for those following along; usually the higher the bill the higher the tip, no?  Finally, we are presented with the bill...finally we can leave and forget about the poor excuse for a bartender. Have you ever seen this?  Now he hovers in front of us waiting for us to tip/total and sign. Haha the joke is on you; you can stare us down all you want. You see, we don't like math either and the bill total plus ZERO tip is easy math. Get a clue...or better yet, a job that doesn't require customer interaction, common sense or the listening skills that even a 6 year old can handle.  One day, I'm going to see this guy standing on Fremont begging for money...yes, I will chuckle to myself, maybe a little out loud too. 100% service fail leads to 1 star; your mediocre food and decent atmosphere is worth 2 stars but your staff brings you down to the lowest rating allowed by Yelp. I don't make the rules here; if I did you'd receive 0 stars.
4	Whenever my mom and I go to Vegas, we always go to the 777 Restaurant for dinner since the Market Street Cafe (at the California) usually has a long line.  During this trip, we visited the restaurant twice.  With the first visit, we ordered burgers (mom got the cheeseburger and I got the mushroom burger).  She opted for sweet potato fries and I got regular fries.  The burgers came out quickly and they were cooked the way we wanted.  Nothing too spectacular...But on the second visit, we ordered their BBQ chicken pizza and an order of potstickers.  The potstickers were okay and came with a tasty sauce.  The pizza was awesome!  It was a bit bigger than one from CPK and was enough for the two of us to share.  There was just the right amount of chicken, onions, and barbecue sauce on each piece.  The atmosphere is somewhat noisy and it was hard to have a real conversation without yelling across the table.  There are various sports shows going on around the bar.  I know that we'll return the next time we come to Vegas.  I'll just order another pizza to try.
3	I feel like I'm stepping foot in the Midwest when I come here; everything on the menu, aside from the inexplicable sushi (huh?), is breaded, deep fried and/or smothered in an inch of cheese, and served with a half-cup side of ranch sauce (you don't even have to ask for the ranch, they'll automatically bring it to you).Beers are the real draw here. All the ones I tried here - the Hefeweizen, Black Chip Porter, and High Roller Gold, were flavorful and washed down the greasy fare well.Decor is surprisingly nice as well. The ornate tin ceiling and the pretty glass enclosure of the beer vats are not overshadowed by people screaming at the TVs that are blaring sports. As many have mentioned, the service is sub-par, but not abysmal. The waitress was there to take our orders and to deliver the food and drinks, that's all I can really say about her. I was at least glad that we didn't have to wait too long, even on Friday night during Memorial Day Weekend. At the end of the day, this place is definitely sports bar esque, but there's certainly nicer trappings as well (microbrews, sushi menu, nice decor).
3	Ha!  My hubs reviewed this place a few years ago and basically said the same thing this time that he did then.  What is up with the detergent there???  Beer doesn't taste good when it tastes like soap.Anyhoo, I had a steak salad which was not what I was expecting.  I ordered steak medium and it came well over that.  I was starving so I didn't send it back and it ended up being pretty tender regardless.  The odd part was that the salad part of my meal was probably less greens than a side salad.  And on top of that, they also put hot sauteed veggies as a side on the plate.  So I had a pile of hot zucchini and onions wilting my tiny salad.  I thought that they got my order wrong but when I got the receipt it did say "Steak Salad".  It did taste pretty good overall though.  The beer was OK.  I had the Red and I wanted to try the Mango Hef but wasn't able to order it out on the casino floor.  Drat.
4	There are two microbreweries on or near the old strip. This is the only one where the beer is brewed on location. Triple 7 is an interesting space. It's like a pub meets sushi bar meets, well, Vegas. Brick walls, plenty of seating, big tall ceilings and yes, a sushi bar with a big neon sign behind it. If you're coming in for the first time, order a tour of microbrews, the sampler is only $5.99. Do you like mango? Try the mango hefeweizen. Light in flavour, it goes down easily... too easily. You'll want more! For something a little different, the King's Kolsch is a lemongrass beer surprise! It seems to be an up and coming flavour in everything from beers to vodkas. I'd ask for a sample sip before you order... just to make sure you can handle an entire pint of it.If you're hungry, might I suggest the Korean short ribs and Korean tacos? I know, weird to have a Korean influence in a microbrewery right? Not any more odd than a sushi and oyster bar. Anyway, both are delicious and both come with a side order of cucumber kimchi. The short ribs were saucy and delightful, though my server, Monique had a description that gave them way more justice than I ever could. The tacos came in a half soft, half crunchy shell and had that same bite. After those and my tour of beer, I was so very full!Tip: If you're going to order some sushi, you won't be able to do it right from the sushi bar. You'll still need to go through your server! Just roll with it... Bonus: No smoking allowed inside the pub. You can escape the smell!
4	Good place to go down town. There is a good chance of having a line to get in (15 minutes wait). Good choices on the menu, normal Brew Pub food. It does get loud in there especially when there is a sporting event going on.
5	I really like this place.  Took my aunt and uncle here Monday night while they were in town.  I really enjoyed the High Roller Gold, which is one of their microbrews.  They also have televisions everywhere which was great because the Stanley Cup finals were on and we were able to watch that.  This is a great place to come and watch sports at as it is quite reasonably priced.
3	Great selection of Triple 7 house brewed beers and pretty good food, but a little bland. Great atmosphere with plenty of bar seats and tables. Will come back for sure for the beer. Will eat lunch or dinner elsewhere. This is in a not so desirable part of town, wouldn't venture here at night.  Go during the day,enjoy some really good beers and get back to the good restaurants on the strip.
4	Stayed at the California Hotel 4th of July weekend. Had read about 777 and decided to try it since the west tower where I was staying at the California is about a 3 minute walk away. I enjoyed the bar so much that I ate every meal during my stay there. Yeah, sounds lame but I don't give a shit, the place was nice and it was too damn hot to be strolling around. The microbrews were about a 3/5. The two I was looking forward to were out but oh well. They had a pale ale called Marker that I settled in on. While in vegas I only eat during happy hour(s) which is 3p-6p and  after midnight. The beers are $2 during HH. The food was 4.5/5..I had (not all at once) wings, nacho supreme, meatlovers flatbread pizza, broiled chicken sandwhich and a pepper crusted ribeye (medium). Man, that damn ribeye was delicious, came with a baked potato and greens for $15.99. When I stayed on the strip last year with friends, I payed $50 for a Ribeye at some place in Ceasars that couldn't touch this one. All in all this place was real chill, the bartenders were by in large real cool, some came off strange ( and stressed) but that's common, and I never had a problem getting a bar stool during HH. I think California Hotel and 777 will be my new set when in vegas solo for fights.
5	Ah! This place is great! I have been meaning to come here for some time and a bunch of us decided to come after work recently. We didn't make it to the happy hour (boo) but everything was super inexpensive either way.We tried all of the house brews; my favorite was the Red Lager. During happy hour I believe the beers cost $2.50. I think I paid about $4.00 dollars. What the heck? That is super cheap for a craft beer! The food is good; we tried the sweet potatoes fries, garlic fries and Buffalo wings. Everything was super tasty, particularly the garlic fries and the wings. It is bar food though, so I would stick with burgers and appetizers. I will be back real soon and will make the most of the happy hour. On a side note, the casino is rather charming, in an old, western kind of way.
4	Great place for the beer lover. Great variety. Something for everyone. Food isn't bad either.
5	I been wanting 2 come here for some time now finally stopped by after work today. It means a lot to me when I get great service! ( amazing service might I add! ) food was delicious and the BEER was out of this world!   all and all I will make this place a regular spot can't wait to take my friends with me :)
4	Excellent beers, good sushi, exciting atmosphere. The beer sampler for 5.99 is great. Went right during dinner rush hours and didn't have to wait.
3	Customer service was great. The decor was very nice. Food not so great. My bf ordered the saimin wonton and I ordered prime rib. The saimin probably tasted the best out of the 2 dishes. The wonton was pretty huge and the meat inside was not so great. My prime rib was nasty and hard as hell. I had to slice them into pieces and put them in the saimin bowl to make them taste decent. The green bean were frozen green beans and the baked potato didn't look good at all. Their idea of a loaded potato is sour cream and butter. But it fed us at 1am when we were looking for something to eat.
3	We usually stay at MSS, so we eat at Triple 7 at least twice each trip. This time around we had a great server one night that was attentive and caring even though she had a ton of tables. We received plenty of refills and our burgers were delicious as always. The micro brews are still we'll priced and delicious. Here's where they lost two stars...We also visited late one night during our trip and it was an awful experience. Our server only came by once and never refilled our drinks. My wife ordered Alfredo pasta, when it came the chicken was rubbery and inedible. The server was bothered by my wife's request to send it back, only after waiting 15 minutes for her to come back to tell her the chicken was bad. I noticed that there are a lot more loud and annoying yuppies that frequent this place now, not as fun as when I started dining here 4 years ago. Lets get more Hawaiians in here again, they are always friendly and respectful. If I wasn't loyal to Boyd I probably wouldn't return after this bad experience.
3	Come for the beer and stay for the prices. We stopped here to kill some time before our check in at another hotel. I love trying new beer, especially from microbreweries. It was only a brief stop and I can't comment on the food. First, I want to say that I was very shocked at the price of our beer. Two beers came out to the grand total of $3! Isn't that amazing. That beer was almost free. However, the beer just ok. There wasn't anything too special about it, aside from the price of course. If I remember correctly I had the Pale Ale and tried a couple of other samples. The bartender was cool and had no problem with talking to us about the beer. As I'm reading the reviews on the side panel, I believe we caught the happy hour special. I think this is a good place off the strip to hangout in the afternoon and start some day drinking.
3	Great microbrews. Friendly service.  Reasonable pricies.  Average bar food.
3	Came in for quick apps and cocktails. Really surprised about the portions - very generous - had the fried green beans, pot stickers and edamame. Much more than we expected. My friend's Maker's and coke perfect, my Crown rocks  kinda light, but can't complain about the prices - here it was  $10 or so on The Strip it was almost $30 for the 2, wow location, location, location. Want to come back for the microbrews.
3	The atmosphere was great and the food was okay. My coworkers and I went for happy hour. We had mozzarella sticks, wontons, and the quesadilla- typical bar food and it was pretty good. Service was not so great. Our server was less than attentive and flat out refused to split a check. It wasn't like we were asking her to split it seventeen different ways. We just wanted to split it between TWO parties. My feeling is that any place that makes it difficult to pay your bill is sending the message that our business isn't important. She also refused to give us a takeout box.
4	Beer is a 5! Food is what made it a little lower. Service was great. All the beer was great. Pale was my favorite. Belgium IPA was different and really good!
1	Noisy, unnecessary "games" going on that no one was interested in, tv screen overkill and terrriiiible food! Nothing on the menu sounded appetizing and their selection was pretty basic (I wasn't the only one in my party of 12 who said this) I ordered the fish & chips and I don't think I've ever had a meal so bland! Heard pretty good things about this place, but it could definitely do much better.
1	Came here after the Kings game and were disappointed.  Upon being quickly seated we waited. And waited and then waited, waited some more and after listening to four songs, I sarcastically asking the hostess that seated us is if there was wait service or whether something had changed.  She didn't apologize, just questioned that no one had come to even drop off water and went towards the back muttering. Two songs later, we admitted defeat and just left. This was at 11pm. The place was barely 1/3 full. Could it of been that we were Asian and none of the staff was?  At a hotel that caters to Hawaii?  We didn't get a chance to be asses since we never were approached with any type of service other than being seated. I personally have eaten here 25+ times before with no issues like this. It'll be a while before I think about going back. There is nothing that special about the food here, then there's the service.   Meh.
4	Mmmm... Beer. Late night Vegas beer. I am a dark beer drinker, and their Black Chip porter is smooth and tasty. My father in law loves the Red and my wife gets the hoppy ale, close to an IPA. The food is pretty good, burgers, ribs and the like. Pizzas aren't anything special though. A few of the servers aren't good multitaskers, so if you are in more of a hurry ask the hostess about the server she is assigning you to. But go for a brewski! You'll be happy.
4	Oh man, I had a great time at Triple 7.  It was pretty busy on a Sunday night when I arrived, but I sidled up to an empty seat at the bar with no problems.  Then I ate and drank to my heart's content and paid pocket change for the experience.The space is rather large and there are two bars flanking either side of the dining room.  The brewing equipment is prominently positioned on two levels along the back of the restaurant.  It's a nice, open space and I felt very comfortable.The bartender/server who attended to me was efficient if a bit abrupt.  That's okay--he's a bartender, not a waiter.  I prefer brusqueness to plodding service at the bar.  He wasn't chatty but he answered all of my questions and was quick with the refills.The beer was fantastic and cheap.  I especially enjoyed the porter and the seasonal Oktoberfest.  Each style was well represented, which in my experience is rare in brewpubs.  There was a high level of consistency.  Plus, you could drink here all night and pay the tab with whatever's leftover from your taxi fare downtown.For dinner I ordered a burger and fries, and they were acceptable.  The burger was cooked a bit longer than I would have liked but it tasted just fine.  I noticed that they also had a sushi bar adjacent to the regular bar.  That was unexpected and seemed a bit out of place in a brewpub, but hey!  Maybe some people like sushi with their microbrews and fried mozzarella sticks.  I didn't try any.I left about an hour and a half later having consumed a burger, fries and four beers.  The total tab was less than $20.  What a great value.  If this place were located near my home I'd rarely eat or drink anywhere else.
2	Started off with waiting farrr to long to be able to order a drink. Finally got the drink and I swear it had not a drop of alcohol in it. Actually had to buy shots to put in the drink. Cool looking place  but the servers look like they should maybe work at a Denny's.  Bland burgers with bland fries. Best part of my meal was the Diet Coke.
1	PATHETIC. This place has gone from bad to worse in a matter of months. Wish I could give you Zero stars. I decided to give 777 another chance since my review back in March. I wish that I didn't. As I said in my prior review, the best thing here are the microbrews. Correction, the best thing about 777 WAS the microbrews. I ordered a High Roller and immediately noticed that it did not look the same. It used to be a golden color, now its more of a red/brown. I asked the bartender whats up with the beer and he said that they got a new brewmaster. The High Roller tasted nothing like before. The bartender said that many people have been complaining and offered to give me a different kind. I went with the Black Chip. It tasted like right (must have been an old batch before the new guy came).  I ordered a burger and ate it at the bar and also ordered some korean tacos to-go. A few minutes went by and I noticed that the bartender quickly swap out my bill with a new one. I looked at it and he was charging me $2 because I was taking some food to-go. WTF? The bartender said he can't do anything about it and said he can get the manager. Yes, do that I requested.The manager came out and I told him that I have been coming to 777 for 15 years and and this place has fell to $hit. I told him the food prices went up considerably and the quality has never got better. I also mentioned that the beer is not the same. He said its a different color but should taste the same. What?? This guy is clueless. Get a clue and rename your beers something else, and not try to pass off $hit as diamonds to your customers. I finally mentioned to him about nickel and dimeing me for $2 because I wanted to take an order home. He took the $2 off but still.I am NEVER EVER COMING BACK.
4	We went to the bar at 777 Grill for their happy hour. It's a good one if you're downtown. $2.00 for their brew? Can't beat it. I wouldn't drive down here just for that but definitely a place to go if you're there between 3-6PM. We had ordered their sweet potatoes and they were good. They serve them with ranch and a salsa ranch. The salsa ranch didn't taste like salsa but it was better then the regular ranch. I love the "old" of many things and Main Street is one of those place you can just feel the history.
3	Not bad for a micro brew in a Vegas casino.I stopped by for lunch and had a couple beers as well as some food. The menu is a little ridiculous in that they have a large selection. It's safe to say that more is not always better when it comes to menu items. I think it takes away from the quality when there are so many items on hand. Narrow it down and you can focus on quality. example.... I had half dozen oysters on the half shell. They were large, didn't taste fresh and looked funky actually! Safe to say I didn't eat them all. Just didn't look or taste right. The burgers they had looked good. Maybe next time I stop by I'll give one a try. The beers were pretty good! Price was good too. I'd probably come back if I were in the neighborhood.
3	Triple 7 in the Main Street Hotel is good for a late night snack.  Atmosphere is good, service is good, and food is good.  I'll be back next time I'm in Downtown, LV!
4	Food portions were huge as well as their beer sampler. Great beer!  I had the taco salad that was made with chili and it was delicious. My wife had the Ahi salad and I was jealous. The Black Cherry Stout was pretty good.  I will be back.
3	I have only triied beer here a couple of times but the High Roller Golden Ale is A-OK.
4	Triple 7 is a microbrewery restaurant that serves up pub food and freshly brewed beer. I came here for the 1st time recently for lunch, even though I've worked right down the street for years. This place is great for lunch, even if you're in a hurry because they have an express menu where your meal is free if it doesn't come out within 20 or 30 min. I didn't order off the express menu though, and decided to go with a burger since that's what a friend recommended I try. I went with the San Francisco burger which uses grilled sourdough bread instead of buns. The burger was great and cooked medium like I had asked for. We sat at the bar and the bartender was really nice and attentive throughout the meal. When we left, he asked if we worked in the area and then proceeded to fill out a couple stamp/punch cards and handed them to us. Ask for one if you're a local, you'll get a free meal after 5 weekday lunch purchases. Overall this place was great, both food and staff. I will have to return for some brews after hours. They have happy hour Mon-Fri from 3-6 PM as well.
3	Our group of 6 came here after having dinner on the strip for some beers and munchies.  The sampler of 5 7oz beers for 6.99 can't be beat.  If you like all the beers, you could just drink that all night.  We had the pot stickers, Korean short ribs, edamame, and a few other things I don't remember (ie drunk).  I had meant to try the sushi but didn't.  The short ribs were pretty good.  It was about a 25$ cab ride from Harrah's to here.  Well worth the trip.  Good beer, decent food.  No complaints from anyone in our group.
2	The beer is indeed cheap, can't be a $6 sampler, just wish it didn't arrive warm and sloshed all over. We sat at the bar and the bartender did not seem to care that we were there. We had to flail our arms around whenever we needed him (and no, it was not busy). Food was mediocre, nothing to write about, beer was decent (probably better cold).
3	I ordered the Frisco burger and it was ok.  The patty was a little bland and the bread overly greasy but the reedemer was the 1000 island sauce which was tasty. The fries are good as well (especially with their gravy or ranch sauce). My boyfriend ordered the mushroom steak sandwich which was "alright" -- that's how we got the gravy. The highlight of the meal was dessert. We got the deep fried cheesecake and the espresso. I HIGHLY recommend it!
4	I feel like i always end up here, although i've only been here twice. It's inside the Main Street Casino in downtown. Its nice cuz they have a pretty large menu, lots of sports TV, beer and not too crowded. Their cheesy Garlic bread is super yummy.I had their chicken and avocado sandwich with sweet potato fries. They give you huge portions!
5	Based on my equation of great + plus really good food + mistake-free service = 5 stars, upgrading Triple 7 to 5 stars is a no-brainer. Every time I come here I am more and more impressed with their brews. My last visit it was a wonderful Lemongrass Kolsch. This time it's a phenomenal Sour Saison. Triple 7 took two of my favorite styles and made a memorable brew with a perfectly balanced level of tartness. And their other seasonal, a hoppy wheat brew, was also excellent.On my last visit I heard great things about their sushi. You wouldn't expect sushi from a casino to be good, but the downtown casinos have a high volume of Hawaiian and Asian patrons, especially Triple 7 and the adjoining California. So this time I ordered a nigiri sampler and it was beautiful. The hamachi and ahi were outstanding, and all of the pieces were HUGE. I can't imagine a future Vegas vacation without a stop at Triple 7. Some of the best craft brew I've ever had, some of the best sushi I've ever had - how could I NOT consider this one of my favorite places on earth?
4	And yes, they do fill up any other growlers w/one of their brews of course, and that's only if your pick's in stock; their best IPA was & will be for another 2+ weeks, TAPPED!
3	The Vibe: This is a brewpub.  It's airy and its got that simple pub feel.  You just want some diner food and beer, but not at a divey lounge?  This is a FANTASTIC alternative in the Fremont Street area.  You also can watch sports here too, and just feelin a chillax effect come over you as you hang out here.  The Attire: If you were business casual or something more classy than that, you will be expected to buy drinks for everyone less dressed up than you.  Come as you are with CASUAL as an expectation.Consider: DON'T COME FOR THE MICROBREWS.  These are not great, and by far some of the weakest I have tried.  Coming from some experience of trying 200+ DIFFERENT beers, and having done beer tasting in San Diego, trust me on this.  Come here to hang out, get some grub and a drink, but not for beer tasting.
1	My cousin, husband and I came to this place because the Main Street Station buffet had a super long line.  Bad idea.  The service was terrible.  The waitress took forever and did not give a rat's a** that she did.  We all ordered the Choice Cut Ribeye Steak.  Huge mistake!  I got the teriyaki style and my cousin and husband got the cowboy broiled steaks.  You could definitely tell these were cheap steaks.  I mean seriously cheap like found dead on the road or something.  Terrible, terrible tasting!  And what teriyaki sauce??  I mean can't they just get it from the jar?  Ugh seriously one of the worst steaks we have ever tasted.  The baked potatao was bleh and the green beans were soft and mushy.  I guess I should have known when I seen the sour cream come in a packet.  I gave this place one star for the beer.  I got the High Roller Gold which was pretty good.
5	All I can say is wow. We tried their buffet and it was pretty darn good at this place. But 777 kicks ass. I had the Philly steak sandwich which was a grilled hoagie bun with yummy mozzarella cheese I asked for no bell peppers and extra onions and a steak sandwich was so huge I had a hard time picking it up. I had garlic fries and my girl had the flatbread with meat lovers that was like a huge pizza it was so yummy licious recommended all the dishes that came out looks wonderful. Our server Lori she was a great server and work her ass off for us
2	Bland, poorly prepared food and terrible service. But the atmosphere is pretty sweet and the High Roller microbrew was worth drinking. This place would be out if business anywhere but a Freemont St hotel... Definitely will not be back.
4	There aren't a lot of places I would put down in Las Vegas as having a "home" or "community" feel. Though Sin City might indeed be the creator of many sinful provocations and temptations, "humble" isn't a word that comes to mind readily. However, visiting the little brother of The Strip and spending time in Downtown Las Vegas had the benefit of finding a nook, a corner to sit in where the smoke of cigarettes and waves of slot machines faded to a hum. Brick walls and copper colored beer vats instead took place and slowly, it's easy to phase into a history mixed with old speakeasies and modern day breweries like BJ's. Triple 7 Restaurant & Microbrewery welcomed everyone back to the brewing days.Deco: 4 starsThe interior is surprisingly large. Although located inside Main Street Casino, walking in felt like you were inside one half of a giant brewery, waiting to be explored like an adult in Willy Wonka's beer factory. Large copper vats can be seen and old saloon ceiling fans churned the atmosphere. Flat screen TVs showcased the latest in sports and a huge open dining floor with no partitions to be seen showcased the large space available for accommodation. There is no glitz and glamour of a showgirl here. Simply the girl-next-door humble look we all learn to love one day at a time.Service: 3 starsThe service was friendly, almost down right Southern. The server was pleasant, introducing the different specials of the day as well as the selection of beers that are brewed within the very walls you find yourself. However, as tantalizing as the descriptions for food and drink might have been, it was a bit slow. Hopefully you are in no hurry.Food & Drink: 4 starsThe great thing about a simple place is they give you simple, delicious food in large quantity. Sure, this isn't Bouchon or Mesa Grill but it doesn't have to be. There is no need for comparison because the food tastes great for what it is: traditional American cuisine made with good ingredients and lots of generosity in portion sizes. The burgers are juicy with crunchy, savory breads. The fries are crisp with a texture perfect for sauces. The salads are huge and filling for vegetarian and omnivores alike. Come hungry and you'll leave full. Come famished and you'll leave satisfied.And because they brew and create their own hoppy libations on site, you as a diner have the pleasure to sample and indulge on truly unique beers you can only find here. The porter was delicious with that oaky, smokey, caramel aftertaste after each sip. The amber ale was as golden as a Swede's hair in summer. Plus like every brewery, there are flights to be had and spirits to enjoy. If for nothing else, you should come for the beer.Price: 4 starsThe price might not be the cheapest in the land, hovering around the same price you would pay at a Hoff's Hut or BJ's, but you get so much for your money. It never feels like you've been cheated out of your money or you made a gamble by coming here, which is a great feeling considering all the dangerous that your wallet will face before or after dining here. Instead, just like the food, you feel satisfied.ConclusionMany people won't know about this wonderful brewery. Even more people will find it hard to believe you. But once you come here and truly experience what a gem this place really is, you'll be wondering why you never came before. From the artisan beers to the tranquility within the storm of chaos all around, Triple 7 Restaurant is truly unique and worth experiencing. You'll make a lot of bad choices during your stay in Sin City. You should at least try to make a good one by dining here.
4	Triple 7.  I'm from Milwaukee, yo.  I know beer.  The sampler was very good, aside from a flat glass of the Red.  I asked the bartender for a substitution, and he gave me 2 more beers of my choice with an apology.  Shane, thank you!  You left before we could tip you well.  I liked the Double Down as well as the Pale Ale, and he liked the one with the gold tapper.  Richard was also a great bartender and remembered us from earlier that afternoon.  Two other bartenders were disaffected, however, which detracted from our experience.  One looked like Alfred E. Newman all grown up and could have cared less if we were there.  Another on Wednesday night just gave us our drinks, never asked any questions, and cashed us out.  All-in-all, if you're a beer fan, definitely stop by and try it!
5	I wish I were in Las Vegas right now just to eat at the Main Street Triple 7 brewery! I live in California but when my family from Hawaii is on vacation in Vegas , I fly down there to vacay with them for a little bit of fun, shopping and food! This pub has thee best happy hour menu. I love the fried calamari and artichoke dip. Thumbs up for the house brews. Many items on their menu are absolutely delicious and not only the prices are reasonable but they also are very generous with the portions of food. They are also very accommodating to their guests who vacation in downtown LV from Hawaii by offering many local Hawaii comfort food favorites in their menu (saimin, sushi, Korean short ribs) .
4	Good restaurant.  Ample portions.Was delighted see such a variety of food sections.  Would not hesitate to go there again.  Plenty of interesting beer choices.  I had the steak salad.  Not the usual "lots of unnecessary lettuce filler with a small portion of steak."  Steak was delicious and a good size portion surrounded by freshly grilled vegetables on top of fresh greens.  The other selections in our group were a burger & fries, prime rib, stuffed pork chop, 2 beers and a glass if wine.  Satisfied customers all around.
3	Mediocre but certainly not bad.  Good appetizers - pot stickers and cheesy garlic bread.  3 in my party ordered burgers and all were happy.  I ordered the ribs - not great.  Beers were okay, especially the red.  The brewmaster special tasted like black coffee.  Pretty good service and very reasonable prices.
4	Great food, not ideal to watch a basketball game.
5	This place along with the Triple George Bar and Grill on Ogden St is one of the great hidden gems off of Freemont St.  First of all this place is spotless they keep the restaurant/brewery very clean. Now for the most important part, the food and brew. I ordered the Korean tacos and two brews. The tacos were excellent with an amazing spicy kick typical of great Korean food, the brews were off the hook, they had a great batch of hefeweizen and an awesome triple bock named after our waitress (who was awesome). All in all the microbrew is top notch and the food and ambiance is 5 star, why this place isn't packed to the ceiling is simply location. People when on Freemont st expand your horizons there is more in life than tasteless food from Tony Roma's and gimmick diners like the Heart Attack grill!!!...use Google map it's 3min off Freemont and well worth the walk! I love this place and will be back with my family next year!
2	Was seriously underwhelmed with this place.  Based on reviews I was pumped and got a large group of guys to go down there.  The food was acceptable but where Triple 7 really let me down was the beer.  I went for the beer and tried some of their award winning microbrews and I was not impressed.
5	Some friends in Vegas with us told us to try this place. A group of us went in and had great food and drinks for a super reasonable price!! The service was great and friendly.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to check this place out on Freemont. We didn't eat but the beer was pretty good! They had a nitro porter and you can order a flight. The beer prices were very affordable considering it's Vegas. It's a pretty cool hidden gem.
4	Great bar. Awesome happy hour, food, beer, and prices. The place is rarely crowded and a great place to watch a game. A locals paradise. The Mango Hef they make for summer is the greatest beer on Earth!!
1	Do not get the hamburgers.  They have a funky off taste.  The bloody Mary's were very good.  You can get the same beer on the casino floor bar for less than half the price they charge in the brewery..Waitress kept complaining to us about how slow the bartender was. He poured my beer before he made my partners Bloody Mary.  I saw it sitting on the bar for near 10 minutes.
1	Sushi.  Do not order, this is not a sushi place.  My daughter saw another table with it and got excited an don't ordered two rolls.  OMG, the worst.  Don't make the same mistake everyone.Service. Nice and great.  We got our two sushi taken away and didn't get charged for both.chicken fettuccine.  GoodRibs.  Decent.Chicken wings with just flats.  DecentI come here a lot just cause with family when they visit.  So I just deal with it.
5	This place is the Bee's Knees when it comes to microbrews. Every one on the menu is great. My all time fav is the Monique seasonal brew. It used to be served in a sifter with a two order limit per person due to the alcohol content, but I think they have since lowered it because the last time I was there, I was asked what size I wanted and the sign had the alcohol content blacked out. All good because I was a fan of the taste more so than the knock you on your butt effect.The food is always great here as well. Ordered lots of things here. Last time I ordered the nachos which were awesome. And they have countless TVs, so catching a game here while sipping a microbrew is ideal.
4	Too many fun memories here mostly drinking!! But the food and service is always pretty good! I love the beer choices and it's usually not too crowded everything from nachos to salads even sushi!! Party time baby!!
4	Great food awesome menu... Laid back and watch some march madness
5	This continues to be our favorite place for late night food that provides the island flavor satisfaction we seek that other downtown area places don't have or when we don't feel like waiting in long lines for oxtail soup. Anytime sushi option with the meals make this joint unique I'm food choice variety. I'm really not a beer person but I guess people here come for the best of that too'Love the atmosphere and service is fast considering the variety of dishes the kitchen needs to prepare. Food for the mood...you can be sure that if you're feeling light there's great salads and appetizers, fresh oysters, edamame, artichoke dips, sliders, and every traditional favs. Or if you're feeling hearty try king size prime rib, meatloaf, Alfredo with garlic bread, many more!!!Food has always tasted grand, I don't know what the bad reviews were eating but I haven't had anything I didn't like. So give them a try...a full house and lines out the door during mealtime don't happen at joints with food that suck!
4	We got to our hotel late and this was one of the few places open near the hotel. We decided to go in and it was enjoyable. Wasn't crowded as it was after midnight on a Wednesday night. Had a couple of the their beers but missed out on the mango beer. Maybe next time. The burgers were good and hit the spot after our long flight and drive to the hotel. Didn't get a chance to visit after the first night but when we stay at the Main Street Hotel, will for sure go back again, especially if they have their mango beer.
5	Way good food and reasonable pricing. Staff is friendly and efficient. Definitely a keeper.
5	We went here for lunch today and really enjoyed it.  Parked across the street ($5) and got it back in full at the cashier with our restaurant receipt.  We had a few dishes...stiffed tomatoes, the black and blue burger in a lettuce bed instead of a bun, the chips and cheese appetizer ( DELICIOUS) onion soup and the cheese steak. We all enjoyed our meal.  My husband is a beer snob and he tried the beer flight.  4-5 oz samples for $5.  He really enjoyed 3 of the 4 and bought a full growler to take with him.  My dad who is 73 lives in summerlin and had never been to this place and was pleasantly surprised and said he plans to come back.   Per the signs on the walls they have won numerous beer awards.   The brewing machines are visible which was interesting and there are also TVs on with baseball.  It didn't smell like smoke which is a nice plus.  We would go back.
4	This place was pretty good. From what I remember. I was pretty drunk that night. My wife her friend and I stumbled in to the place to get something to eat i wanna say 9 or 10 pm at night on a Thursday. We were seated quickly. Order drinks. I think we had like 3 appetizers. The Asian pot stickers. Which were pretty good. I am usually scared of Asian food just because it usually gives me stomach problems. But they were good. The cheesy garlic bread, and the meat lovers flat bread. Both were great. Our server was also good. always made sure our glasses were full of water and what ever we were drinking. I wish i would have tried one of the beers. I definitely will next time i am downtown Vegas and hungry.
3	Triple seven used to be a great microbrewery been going to triple 7 for the last 10 years it was one of my favorite bars in Las Vegas the high roller used to be an awesome beer now the high roller is bitter and cloudy. the atmosphere and dining are great . if triple 777 brewmaster would go back to the original award winning formula for beer this would be a 5 star bar.
4	Went for dinner happened to be happy hour. Ordered a 16 oz beer for 2.50 the high roller beer is a good light beer. I love the BBQ chicken pizza here. When in downtown  this always a dinner choice. Shared with sister and was still hard to finish. Should mention we each had a side salad and shared some cheese sticks
1	Ate there last night. I have been going there for years. We ordered the chicken Marcella and the pork loin.  The chicken was grisley and spongy as if it had been microwaved. The chops were bland and the green beings were soggy. I have no idea what has happened to this place.
1	This place was terrible. Food is cheap and looked liked it was thrown in a microwave 5 min before. The beer was half decent. Would never recommend.
2	The place used to be awesome. Last night we ate there and service was off. The food was definitely below par. Really bummed to have to call out this place. Hopefully they work things out. I will not be going back but I will check the reviews in a few months.
4	Like "Long Sox " said if they went back to the old school recipe we would go back ,so far they have fix their microbrews & ill willing to go back cause of the food &  beer everything is  good now which I like before I've been going here since 2001 & never had a problem  intill they changed their recipe & now  their beer  its getting back to order & I'm making this my place to go once again
4	I kept hearing that Triple 7 was one of the original microbreweries in LV and previous years, I was never really interested in trekking all the way downtown to try their beer.  Well I finally made it and after I tried some of their food and beer, I wanted to stay longer and try more beer if I didn't have a previous appointment to make.  The bartender and staff were pretty friendly albeit in the afternoon hours, it was pretty dead in there.  They have happy hour specials but the prices here are pretty cheap for beers and food alike.  I got an order of potstickers and a big 24 oz beer for under $10!  I mean, that's at regular price so happy hour will even be lower than that!This place isn't the prettiest or newest place to drink beer in the town but the value can't be beat.  Main St Station seems to be getting the shaft compared to the California across the street is super full of people in their restaurants.  I love Hawaiian food but I love beer more!!If I'm walking by this area of Fremont and Main again, then I'll make sure to stop by in here for a blonde ale!
2	Went during Happy Hour for $2.50 pints of OK not great brew.We split some Fish and Chips and a bunch of apps.The apps, wings, mushrooms and potstickers are all out of a bag from Costco.The fish was waaay overcooked.There are far better HH deals in town.
2	Stopped here on the way from Utah to Bakersfield. We were starving and needed some good eats.  I ordered the SF Burger wtih onion rings and hubby got a barbecue burger with sweet potato fries.The burgers came out RAW. I kid you not. The onion rings were hot and crispy and so were the sweet potato fries, but seriously? A raw burger when we both asked for medium?We sent them back and got new ones. Our server said the kitchen told her that's what medium is. Seriously??  The burgers were now cooked and hubby enjoyed his. Mine however had a weird texture that grossed me out. I ate about a quarter of it and was done. My "new" onion rings were cold and super greasy. I couldn't even touch them.Service was good. Our server and the hostess were both friendly and attentive. If the food was good, this place would have been a solid 4 stars. Two stars just for the service.
5	The bartender Jamie was incredible! Not only did he make a great recommendation on the food, he turned up the TV in front of us so we could hear the game!
3	I wish Yelp allowed for half star ratings...I'd rate this place a 3 and a half stars.  Ate here last weekend.  Nothing extraordinary about this place.  The service was quick and friendly and the food was good enough to satisfy my appetite.  It's a great place to watch the games on their big screen tvs while you wait for your food to come out.
2	Been here a few times. My last visit was very poor, which is why I am giving this place 2 stars.Pros:-Great place to drink and eat bar-kind of food.-Convenient for those who are staying at Main Street or California hotels.-Appetizers were delicious. I think we got the potato wedges and pizza bread.Cons:-There is a full bar, but when I asked for one of their special summer drinks on their menu, they couldn't make it.-There was a bug in my burger. -Service was slow and was not friendly.
3	I like to hang out at this place for happy hour. The food is OK, like a B-. I had the Korean beef tacos last night and they were just OK. I ordered them crispy and they use prepared shells. It is a shame to season the meat and cook it fairly well and then plop it into a prepared shell. It ruins the taco.  Service is good for a place that is always busy. Good beer specials. Not fancy, but a comfortable place to meet with people for a basic beer and bar food.
4	I've wanted to try this place for a while but never got over here on my last couple trips to Vegas. Well, I finally made it and I wasn't disappointed. This place has a large, open, airy atmosphere with glassed in areas so you can see the brewery. Their prices are much better than the typical gouging you get on the strip.The Good:I loved their sirloin and black bean chili. The meat was tender, flavorful, and a refreshing change from the typical ground beef you find in chili. I like chili and this is one of the better versions of this dish I've had.   The Grilled Orange Roughy was nicely seasoned, without detracting from the flavor of the fish. The portion was good if not overly generous.   I'm a bit of a cheesecake snob so I wasn't sure about trying their deep fried cheesecake. Fortunately I decided to give it a shot. This was surprisingly good! They take a slice and cover it with a sugar tempura batter, then fry it. I suspect the cheesecake is either frozen or partially frozen before they fry it since the center was VERY cold, although not quite frozen. The crust is crisp and crunchy, giving the cheesecake a very different texture than I'm accustomed to. The flavor of the cheesecake itself was very good too, rich, smooth, and creamy.   I also tired the beer sampler which was a great way to try all the micro brews they had available. You get 5 5oz glasses for $6. All the beers were solid offerings, good and nicely balanced flavors. Despite this, there were no unique standouts that made me sit up and say wow. If you like your IPA's SUPER hoppy you'll be disappointed. Instead they went for a more tempered, balanced approach, which I certainly appreciated since I'm not an IPA fan.The Bad:One of the sides I got with the orange roughy was rice and that's all it was, just white rice. They made no attempt to season it or do anything to it, just a pile of white rice. With all the other flavors going on everywhere else I thought this was a glaring omission. It was also something I didn't order, but I'll get to that next.The Indifferent:The service was pretty good overall. Most of the time my waitress checked back regularly but there were a couple times where she seemed to disappear for a while (and they weren't particularly busy). The main reason I'm putting the service here is because she got my order wrong. The fish was supposed to come with the vegetable of the day and choice of potato. I chose mashed potato and got plain white rice. If the overall service had been just a little poorer I would have put it in the bad instead of indifferent.
5	This place is awesome. A locals favorite for years. I get a half pound hot dog with chili, onions, and cheese that comes with fries and it hits the spot every time. Pizza here is really good too. The place gets packed even tho they have plenty of seating but don't let the large crowd keep you from stopping in because they seat people quickly. If you are a beer drinker then you will love this place. Cheap, yummy food and good times.
2	Disappointing.  Let me expand.  I ordered a 5 beer flight.  Followed that up with a nice refreshing glass of high quality H2O. Maybe I'm spoiled living in So Cal with excellent breweries like Ballast Point, Hangar 24, Mission, Bootleggers... but nothing there was special at all... Now for the food. Greasy fried pub fare... That's it.  Burger was ok, service was extremely slow (MNF may have had something to do with that).  Had I followed my first instinct of leaving before we were served, we could have avoided the disappointment and heartburn/indigestion that is inevitably to follow.  2 stars because 1 star is reserved for horrendous experiences. This was merely bad.
5	It's a busy place so make sure you don't come too hungry. Food is good though. The food item that really caught my attention was the "Deep fried cheesecake", it was heavenly! A must try.
2	Went here a couple of weeks ago late night with some friends. Service sucked! We had to constantly flag down our servers. I say servers because they kept taking breaks and switching out. The pizza was OK and the wings were fine.
3	Triple 7 Microbrewery serves its purpose in DTLV.I stopped in while in the area for a power lunch with a coworker that lives in the area before my return to OC last week and although the old school kitchy Vegas look was welcoming, the food was rather underwhelming. The menu is expansive and I think that the kitchen is running by the "Jack of all trades, master of none" mantra. I decided the San Fransisco Burger was the safest bet after some considerable consideration. A Beef Patty is Charbroiled and then mated with Swiss, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Lettuce, a house sauce and toasted Sourdough. They nailed the temperature and all of the ingredients were of good if not great quality. With that said, it was a little boring if not an all out yawn. A mediocre burger in a fun environment nets a 3 star review all day, everyday.
3	This was one of my favorite places to come in vegas during my college days trips to Vegas.  It has gone downhill a bit or maybe my tastes have become more sophisticated.  My rib dish was a big sloppy mess as though there was so much I thought they had given me a full rack it had too much fat and not much taste.  The beers was also not that great as though it has been around awhile it has not kept up with the better competition in the micro/craft beer space.  Plenty of tvs to watch the games on.
5	They have an excellent IPA. This is definately a place to check out, the age of this Casino has been kept beautifully.
4	I enjoyed my porter and nachos; friend had Red Royal Lager......all good.....and had edamame too! No smoking in this area.Waitress was wonderful....being sure we had plenty of beer during happy hour. Watched basketball game on one of their TV screens.
4	Great happy hour. The beers are tasty and prices are affordable. Try not to pay for parking.
4	As usual, Sam is the man at the sushi counter.  He does well with what he has provided.  They have recently tweaked their menu.  I tried the oxtail chili cheese fries this time around.  Pretty ono!  Next time I'll get to the kalbi tacos.
5	Great place to enjoy a great steak or burger in Downtown Las Vegas!! Delicious and reasonably priced. Great for the boyfriend to catch up on all the ESPN he missed gambling.
4	We come here for dinner every time we're in Vegas and almost always get the prime rib. The food and the beer are great and at a great price which is why we keep coming back. The service is meh at times,  especially when they're busy.
4	Really a great place.  The food is very good and amazingly inexpensive.  I had the foot long chili dog with French Fries and it was only $6.99!  Let me tell you, it was an incredible dog, the meat was so smooth and rich, like a veal sausage and the chili had big pieces of steak in it.  The beer was also top notch.  They are a microbrewery and they know their stuff.  I have been a few times and have always gotten the beer sampler flight which is a good deal for the price and the amount of beer.  The High Roller beer that I had tasted almost of butterscotch, very unique and good.  On the other had the cherry beer tasted of cough syrup which was not so good.  The only thing keeping this place from getting a 5th star is that the service is not great and the food took quite some time to get to us.  However, for the quality and the price, this place is hard to beat in downtown Las Vegas.
4	We loved it. Our server was so nice, the food was great. Not much more to say - we will definitely return!
1	My husband and I went here because we read great reviews but it was horrible. The beer was bad and the burgers were horrible. Won't recommend this place. Never coming back for sure
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in the world. The food is amazing and the service is second to none. They go out of their way to make you feel comfortable and ensure you have a good time. I eat frequently in Paris, and consider this on par with the best restaurants there.
4	My meal atTriple 7 Restaurant & Microbrewery  was excellent. Everything from the food, wine, and service were perfect. The food, as always with a Triple 7 Restaurant & Microbrewery Boulud restaurant, was impeccable. The exactness of the flavours and presentation was just amazing. The sommelier noticed that I was a little overwhelmed by the wine list (more like a book than a list) and came over to make some very helpful suggestions.
