4	I love Cost Plus. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is it tends to be a little expesive and this definitely stands for the furniture. I love the food section though! They have decent posters too...
5	I love this place. You can get anything here! Gifts, food, and a large selection of beers and wines. I never get what I came for and leave because there's always a great deal or item you don't think you can live without.
4	Cost Plus has grown with me.  As a teen, it was a place to pick up something small here and there (cards, lamp, frames), and dream about what "my house" would look like.  In the early 20's, I was still just getting little things (posters, candles, linens) because I had no money, but I would have fantastic dreams about what I would do - one day.  Moving into the later 20's, this became my go-to place for creating upscale Christmas baskets. (My favorite was an Italian night basket with the pasta, pasta sauce, bread sticks, Italian cake, chocolates, a few bottles of wine and wine glasses - and something special like a CD or special espresso beans.  A classic given and appreciated SEVERAL times.) Now in my (sigh) 30's I've completely resigned myself to the idea that I will NEVER get anything but little things here.  And I'm totally ok with that.  Cost plus is my favorite place for Christmas.  I do stockings for my whole family and I can find things that work for everyone(Ornaments, Chocolate coins) and things that show I was really thinking of them (This year's had a theme - everyone got drinks but that ranged from Thai Chai to Japanese Saki).My new favorite thing about Cost Plus is their jewelry section.  It's made huge leaps forward in the last 5-6 years.  Almost all of it is very "today" with prices that look very yesteryear.  I found beautiful handmade beaded dangling earrings for $5.  An amazing matching necklace was $15.  These both could have gone for 2-3 times this amount and been absolutely worth the price.  Let's home they don't realize that any time soon....While agreeing with a previous post about the cost of the furniture, I'd say it's most likely worth the cost as those expensive pieces have always seemed quite solid.  But then again - I don't go for the furniture. The things I love, which is a good chunk of the store, can each fit in a hand basket.If you haven't been to Cost Plus before, give yourself some time and walk down each aisle.  It can be amazing the things you find hidden in the shelves that you might have missed if you just scanned down from the end.  And wear comfortable shoes - you might be there awhile.
5	Terrific value AND friendly helpful people!First, I went to Ikea because a friend had *exactly* the piece of furniture I needed and he got his from Ikea.   After wandering around the store forever, I finally found the right department.The people working at Ikea were cold. uncaring. not helpful. no concept of customer service.  I left in disgust!Couple of days later, I was in Cost Plus World Market @ 18th St. & Camelback.  Voila!  I fould what I wanted - for close to the same price.  the BIG difference:  Warm smiles, friendly people, volunteered to go out of their way to help me.  Felt like I was among long-time friends!  They even delivered when they said they would.And, no need to drive half way to tucson and back!Ikea?  Don't be foolish.  Cost Plus?  Now, there's a place that earned my repeat business!
5	I love Cost Plus! If you are sick of decorating your house with Linens and Things than you need to come here. Cost Plus World Market is pretty self explanatory in the title. Basically they sell imported furniture housewares, groceries, wine, and anything you would use to decorate. I have a lot of weird little trinkets in my room from this place such as:A Chinese painting kitElephant wall hangingmagnetic boardBuddha paintingThey also have an awesome coffee and tea area where I found the Chai tea mix I love as well as coffee syrups I used when I was a barista. Why not add some global influences to your decorating style?
5	This place really embodies it's name - a world market. The gourmet food items, the housewares, and decor selections touch on all areas of the globe and does so seamelessly, so it's not a cluster f@%k that gives you a headache. I love their candles, the little trial sizes of random gourmet foods (a mini bottle of aged balsamic? so cute!) and one of my favorite wines was discovered here first. Norton's Malbec. It's $8 and fabulous. They also have a "reserva" for like $14 but the cheaper one is a better "bang for your buck."
4	DAMN YOU COST PLUS. DAMN YOU! Why oh why did we stop by after a Ticoz happy hour? Do you realize how vulnerable I am after two pineapple mojitos? Do you realize what I can do with two empty shopping carts, a cute boyfriend and a brand spankin' new credit card? Well, apparently you do. Cost Plus is like a Pier 1 Import, a section of William Sonoma and a Linen and Things all hooked up one night, had drinks, forgot each others names, and decided to room together after that. We bought sake cups, sushi plates, sparkling Voss waters, Henna tattoo crap, candles, candles and more candles. To the tune of $228. So hats off to you Cost Plus. I get the name now. Cost. Plus more than you thought you would spend. SUCKERS!!!!!
4	Very pleased with this World Market.  The prices are good for the wine glasses I've bought there (good selection too!).  The wine is good everyday wine, and priced reasonably.  The help is always friendly and courteous, and the food section---(well, I've been there at least 6 times, and I always seen to find something new in the food section!).The only reason I give it four stars instead of five, is the parking arrangement and it is not easy to get into its' parking lot.... I think the prices here ae better than Pier One....By far!
5	This is one of my very favorite stores in the Valley!  The first thing I always do, is make my way to the back to the grocery section.  They've got foods from all over the world (that you won't find at TJ's or AJ's) and delicacies that take me back to my travels.Next, I do the wall decor.  I've gotten some really cool iron hangings for my living room.  Next, the furniture!  I have been shopping for bedroom furniture for 2 months and I always make my way to Cost Plus World Market.  The prices are REALLY reasonable (and it's real wood!) and they have a delivery option.  I call the style of this store "funky urban".  I prefer it over Pier 1.
4	Great store with a selection not likely available at other retailers.  Their wine selection is nice and varied, and they have some great foods available.  Lots of fun home decor items, though some are of questionable quality.Check it out, I prefer it to Pier 1 or other stores like it.
4	It's like a Pier One, only cheaper, bigger and without pretense. It's a great place to buy gifts, wine, and even furniture. I like to go here and just cruise around and explore, they have really interesting things, and a lot of artifact looking pieces. Oh, they also have an *amazing* candy selection! If you are a fan of imported candy, this is your place!
5	Short and sweet comes to mind when I think of Cost Plus World Market. This is the only place in town that I've seen Bundaberg Ginger Beer. It is the most amazing ginger ale I've found. If you're in there some time looking for some imported furniture, beer, candy or such and walk by the ginger beers, stop and get a pack of Bundaberg. It's pretty much the best reason to even go in there.
5	Love it here...  So many things to see, so many things to touch, and so many things that I can buy at a reasonable price!  Found a ton of things for stocking stuffs...  I am coming back soon to get some xmas shopping done.
5	Cost Plus! Mmm lots of impulse buying in this store...I always loveee coming here. Great prices on everything is one reason! I buy a lot of kitchen supplies and glassware here. I feel like kitchen things are their specialty. You just have to make it to the back of the store to find it, which is hard because there are so many interesting things on the way there which prove distracting! Chocolates and odd foods also reign supreme here. If you're into messing with spices or unique flavoring when you cook, I strongly suggest a visit here. No trip to Cost Plus can leave you empty handed. Nice furniture here too. I just like the international vibe you get from the place though. Oh, and keep your eyes peeled for cool knickknacks!
5	I go here at least once a week...mostly for wine and beer. They have pretty good deals and carry some brands that even total wine or bevmo don't have.  They also have little chocolates and foods from around the world.The layout is organized and clean. The stuff they carry will defiantly add a little somethin' somethin' to any house. I'm all for knick knacks, too. I've bought coffee cups, salad bowls and utensils, my big budda for good luck who've i've named kingston, some artwork, curtains, and more bar glasses then I need. My Bf hated me when i came home with a world market bag. Then I would pull out a a beer sampler for him and a bottle of wine for me, all smiles!
3	If you been to one anywhere in the USA you have seen all the WorldMarket Stores. I have been to them from Santa Fe to Seattle to Phoenix and many  suburbs in between. It's all the same! Over priced merchadise & art that is mass produced supposedly in other parts of the world. Groceries/beer/ wine once difficult to locate. Now its rather mondane and lacking a thrill. Narrow oddly arranged rows where you are bond to knock something over. Still people come and buy, my guess is because it's so predictable you know what and where to find that worldly piece to add to your surrondings as easy as if you were shopping Target or Ross just at higher price and a larger quanity of the same.
3	Fun to look at, but I rarely find anything to buy.
5	Love everything about this place.  There is lots of parking and the store is not overly busy.  The employees are warm and welcoming and especially helpful in the wine section.  I do not know much about wine and was buying a Mother's Day gift.  My Mom is a fan of the Coppola's wine and I described the flavors she liked.  The employees were able to match up my vague description to a wine she will like.  Also, they have a huge variety of everything you might want to decroate your home with or eat off of.  Thank you Cost Plus and the fantastic employees.
5	Great wine selection and even better prices.  They carry a lot of stuff from around the world which is awesome lot's of foods and collectables.  They have all sorts of interior decorative products, plates, glasses, kitchen tools.  It's just a great store.
5	I love the food selection at this place!  As someone who spent many years "across the pond" I've learned to appreciate good european food.My top foodie recommendations at this store:- Torani sugar free Black Cherry syrup and CostPlus sparkling water to make your own soda- The fondue cheese packs- Heinz cream of tomato soupIf you try just these 3 things you will glimpse nirvana!
5	I love this store. It's colorful, warm and inviting. They have food, wine, soda, bracelets, furniture, etc. I could literally spend several hours here.Yesterday we stopped by hoping to find a non-traditional coffee table. We walked out with chipotle chocolate, silverware, ice cube trays and a bench that we are using as a coffee table. Their prices are very reasonable, I think they could charge more and people would still shop there.Did I mention that I love this store?
2	I like World Market just fine, but had an unpleasant experience at this particular location the other day.There was a display on the floor  full of throw pillows, and it was clearly marked "50% off" and "clearance" in multiple spots around the entire display.  Obviously, leading one to think that all the pillows in that display were part of the sale.  So I picked out two, went to check out, and they rang up full price.  I informed the girl at the register that they were marked half-off...she was nice enough, but she wouldn't honor the mistake - most other stores will.  Fine, not a huge deal, but then some guy off the floor comes over, and very rudely snaps at me, "No, you're wrong, those ones weren't marked.  Only (name) ones are." "Um...yes, they were. I was just there.  It says clearance right above them." For some reason, he felt the need to keep fighting me on it.  Very annoying and embarrassing to have to be dragged into this argument in front of a line of people.  He's SO sure that he's right that he asks me to waste my time to follow him back to the display, so he can show me himself and prove that I'm wrong.  So I humor him, walk back, and show him the large, red clearance sign directly above the pillows I had wanted to purchase.  By now, if I were in his shoes, I'd be feeling like a real piece of work.  But no, not this guy.  Not only did he NEVER apologize, but he would not admit that he was at fault.  Instead, all I got was a half-assed mumble, "Well, it's wrong..."Irritated by now, I decided to not purchase the pillows and started to walk away.  As soon as I turned away from him, the guy calls over another girl that was working there - who had nothing to do with the whole  fiasco - and he starts yelling at her in front of everyone within earshot, blaming her for putting the sign there.  Essentially, pushing his responsibility off on someone else so he won't have to admit fault. I won't be going to this location anymore, courtesy of this guy who acts like a 12 year old.
5	I love, love, love this place! If I had lots of money to spend I would have my whole house done in world market products! All their products are so unique! The layout is very nice and the people are super friendly and helpful! I just have to say it once more I love this place and could spend hours here.
5	Cost Plus is awesome. I stop by here at least once a week as they have a fabulous wine selection and the prices are great. Their international food section contains items you can't find at AJ's or TJ's. They also have nice house wares; I've bought decorative pillows, bath mats, shower curtains and wine glasses. Need a gift? This is a great place to find something unique and cool for anyone on your list. It really is a World Market and you won't leave without buying a lot more than you anticipated.
5	My nick name for Cost plus is "The Happy Place" - it just makes me happy. I can get lost in here for hours. If I have a hard time finding a gift for someone, this is where I go, always something for anyone. The last time I was in I found some super cute earrings for my mom for her birthday, great mini fork and knife sets for my cheese plates while entertaining and a lovely bottle of wine for me! They sell individual glassware that I love. All different types of wine glasses, burgundies, whites, snifters, martini, flutes... The staff is always helpful and knowledgeable.  They usually have great sales or deals, but some things can be a bit pricy, I like to gawk at the giant rugs and furniture that are out of my price range. They have a rewards system as well!Looking for some eclectic lamps? Interesting wines? Fun throw pillows? Glasses? Snacks? Go to "The Happy Place"!!!!
5	Love this store!  I can't wait until they get the Swedish Crisp Bread back in stock.  My only gripe would be that when they send out a 50% off one item coupon...they should at least have something in their store that is not on sale so I could use the damn thing!  The coupons are for regular priced items and EVERYTHING was on sale!  Bummer.
4	This location can be hard to get in and out of the parking lot.  Employees are friendly and helpful.  Love it that they let me come back for a credit when I forgot my birthday coupon.
5	Jenny introduce me to Cost Plus when I moved to Phoenix. Prior to coming here, the only one I knew of was a CP in Tucson that was perpetually going out of business. What a surprise it was to find a fully function CP on Camelback!Love the coffee and wine selection (and pricing). As nearly everyone else has mentioned, you're going to go in with a list and walk out with everything you were looking for and then some. If you ever get the chance, btw, pick up some of their fun furniture knobs. We used them on a bar we refinished and they made the PERFECT touch.
1	Not a happy shopper. Everything was going so well.... and then a nice bait and switch happened. Found a terrific selection of stools on clearance; each one unique; each one was $30. I found my solid blue one. I want it! A tad wobbly, but that is okay - that is why it is on clearance. A store associate spends quite a bit of time talking to me about ways to keep it from wobbling. And that $30 price is a great deal, she says. Alright..I'll buy it! Bring the price tag to the cashier. Rings me up; my receipt is in hand. Calls for Manager to bring out my furniture to my car. Manager brings me the wrong kitchen stool. Well, he says, this is the one you bought. Hmmm.. there must be a mistake. Let me show you. I take him all the way to the store display and I tell him what happened. You see, Manager, you are trying to sell me the orange stool on display NEXT to the blue one that I bought. He says that probably some customers just moved around the price signs and he is right. I persist. Why are you trying to say I bought the stool NEXT to mine when I already showed you the price tag for MY stool and you rang me up already? You see, the one NEXT to mine still has it's price tag attached. If I were trying to buy that one..well..your cashier would have it in his hand. We debate back and forth. I question him, if the signs were shuffled around why would there be two price signs for the stool NEXT to mine?  You see each stool already has its own price tag correctly attached as you just reviewed each one. He's stoic. Well, what's the price then? Hmm.. he doesn't know and he goes back to look it up. Turns out it is $50. I don't understand. An associate was just working with me and confirmed that $30 was the price. Manager is adamant that customers probably just moved the signs around. I pointed around the furniture displays. Okay. Where is the $50 sign then? Was it shuffled around? Nope. No $50 sign anywhere. Just 4 stools, 4 price tags all at $30. My stool had a $30 sign, I brought it up front, paid for it and you are saying that this was a signage error? Your sales staff didn't seem to notice.I'm standing there with my receipt for my furniture. Already worked with the sales staff. Already bought it. Now you are telling me that you want me to pay the difference?Your mistake. Sales staff error, signage error. Don't care. Look, I worked in retail too and I know sales ticketing can be a pain. I also know what is good customer service. This is a double error on the part of the store. I think you can do better with your clientele. Demanded my money back. Walked out. Too bad because I usually love this place.
2	This happened in the beginning of the year. There was a small couch on clearance. I liked the size and color and it was comfortable to sit on. I noticed there was no sales tag. There was a sign that said clearance . I asked the sales person how much it would be for this small couch. I ended up waiting forever to have my question answered. About 45 min or so. She finally comes out and tells me what the price was. It' was a reasonable price. Then I noticed there was a black stain on the seat of the couch. It's pretty noticeable when sitting on the couch.  I pointed it out and said to the sales person what I had found. No comment coming from her. She just stares at it. I asked the sales person if there is another couch for sale or not for sale. There was none left in that style that I liked. I was surprised that they would have a dirty stained couch on their floor. I left and went else where. I hope they change managers there. That place has changed. It use to be a fun place to go to with good sale people. Now they seem to be so disorganized and sloppy in their work.
4	Good selection, well stocked, and fairly reasonable prices. I like the food and wine sections best - lots of my favorite British desserts, candies, and chocolates at decent prices. Also a good place to go if you need to find a gift for someone but you're not sure what to get.
5	Love this store! Always had positive customer service & I absolutely love the finds, very unique! It's definitely one of my favorite stores! Sales & coupons are always a bonus!
5	Cost Plus World Market has been a favorite since I was a child shopping with my mother. Come here for great food, wine, art, accessories and home furnishings and other fabulous tchotchkes. There is always something and new to discover for a great price. If you join their loyalty program you will get emails of special deals and discounts, also $10 to spend for your birthday, The staff at this location is always helpful and gracious. If you need a price look up they have pricing guns at the ready to scan items for you. The clearance section always gets me since those treasures are deeply discounted but you have to get there when the fresh stuff is put out or it's slim pickings. This location is right off of  HWY 51 so getting off at Highland while going North and driving through the little Mall area is my short cut to get here. I love World Market because you can spend all day here and never see everything; but you always find just what you need.
1	What a snooty store. I was followed around the whole time and asked if I was ready to ring up when I wasn't even at a register. Didn't have the bag of violet crumble that I was looking for. No need to come back.
3	Furniture and store is appealing and so cute and unique. The only reason I am rating it 3 stars is customer service. I was in the store 3 times in two days and everytime it was hard to find a floor associate to help me. I felt like a huge in inconvenience to be there. I bought an item that couldn't fit in my car so I returned the next day with a larger vehicle and the young gentleman was not so gentleman-like. He made my husband and I feel like we were an inconvenience for him. We thanked him for his help twice and he didn't say a word and just slammed the back gate.Not impressed.
4	This location is one of their tiniest and busiest. Don't come here without a basket full of patience. Walking in, either will make you feel claustrophobic or have reason to snuggle with your shopping partner. However, it is one of the cutest tucked ones to find your hidden treasure troves of German cookies, bread, and whatever sweet tooth ailments you have. Staff is consistently friendly and helpful.
