5	Very impressed with the service!! The 3 young gentlemen who moved my mother's furniture  today were nothing but friendly, courteous, and professional, and it was very clear they  wanted me to be a satisfied customer.  Although this was a small job, they took great care with all of the furniture, and got the job done quickly, without incident.  In the end, I paid $55 less than what i was originally quoted.  They also called me beforehand to ask me how I take my coffee, and showed up with a hot cup of coffee with cream, just as I had requested. This was a surprisingly  stress-free experience which I greatly welcomed after 2 of the most difficult weeks in my life..  I will definitely use You Move Me in the future...what a refreshing change!
5	I was impressed with the professionalism of every aspect of You Move Me. They were up front about everything from cost, time of arrival, and what would make the most sense for us financially for aspect of the move. The culture of the company is evident in the way each employee acted as if he was helping his grandmother or best friend move. I would recommend them to anyone.
5	You Move Me was the best moving experience I have ever had (and I move a lot!). The team was polite,professional, and fast!  It is clear from the beginning that amazing customer service is of the utmost importance to them.  Not only have I had many experiences with several moving companies, I am in the property management business and will never refer another company other than YMM, again!  Thank you YMM for making my move easy and stress free!
5	THE BEST MOVER YOU CAN GET!!! Extremely careful, polite, efficient, honest and professional. I used them twice. They were on time and called me a half hour before their scheduled arrival to remind me that they were on the way. The owner, Curtis, is committed to providing excellent service. His chooses his men very carefully to provide the highest standard of service in the industry. You will not be able to find a better, more reliable mover.
5	Great moving experience! Rob and Darius arrived on time, Curtis brought much needed coffee and hot chocolate a few minutes later, extremely clean truck and they had clothing boxes that we were able to use free of charge!  Very professional and courteous. I would use them again and also highly recommend them!
