5	Wow. Just wow. So THIS is what healthcare can look like when the doctors don't treat you like a number and you're empowered to learn and participate in your own healthcare. Don't get me wrong, my primary care physician in SF (Dr. Gary Apter) to whom I went for nearly 16 years was AWESOME ... but he was an anomaly to the healthcare system as I came to know after trying to find a doctor here in Las Vegas. After going through myriad attempts and finding lousy to poor experiences I had ended up with a great, but ridiculously high priced concierge doctor in Summerlin - far from my house Downtown and way too spendy. Enter Turntable Health ... a neighborhood clinic where they not only help me with my present health but preventative care and true, holistic approaches to my lifestyle and health.Like I said. Wow. Just wow. Every city should have one of these.
5	This is unlike any medical clinic you have ever been to. The atmosphere when you walk in the door is calm and inviting, a cross between a cafe and a spa. The staff and medical team really take the time to get to know everything about you -- I spent an hour talking to (not waiting for!) my health care team. I never felt rushed and totally enjoyed my visit. They focus on prevention and keeping you well and offer all kinds of cool classes to do that. I was at a loss for finding good primary care since moving to Vegas and had an unpleasant experience with a doc who had been rated highly on another website. SO glad Turntable Health opened!
5	TL;DR version: Had my first visit last week. It was everything I dreamed it would be and more! I have a TEAM (health and wellness coaches AND a doctor) of people to provide me with excellent care. This is really how healthcare should be. I'm not limited to one issue per visit like I was with other doctors. They care about keeping me well and guiding me towards a healthier life. I've never had this level of care before; I feel so spoiled!Full version:My first visit was everything I was dreaming it would be. And more. I never would have guessed I would enjoy spending two hours at the doctor. (I spent three hours at the doctor once; 80% of that time was waiting, in the waiting room and in the exam room.) I was ridiculously relieved not to be confronted with a scale and a too-small blood pressure cuff first thing. Instead, I talked with my team for two hours, never feeling rushed or like I was bothering them by staying too long.I mentioned "team." That's what I love about this place. With my membership (FREE with my Nevada Health Co-op insurance plan) at Turntable, I get a team of individuals to care for me. It's a wonderful and integrative approach that just makes so much sense to me. I get a health coach, who can help me make and work towards some health and fitness goals; a primary care doctor, who wants to treat me as a whole person, not just symptoms; and a wellness coach, who's experience in the mental health field. And they all work together so that all four of us are on the same page and doing what's best for me. What I hated about previous GPs I've had was that I felt like I was only allowed to mention one, maybe two, issues I was having at a time -- they'd never have time for more than that. And I felt like it was only necessary to go in when I was sick or needed a prescription for something. It was a chore, and I never felt like the doctors really cared about me that much. It feels nothing like that at Turntable!I got to meet my team in a somewhat rotating fashion, which was great because I didn't feel overwhelmed or intimidated having to meet everyone at once. They all made me feel comfortable and welcome, and they kept saying how glad they were to have me there. How nice is that? To feel like you're not just a number? To not be shuffled through a procedural visit? Honestly, I felt so important, getting a whole team to care about me! I didn't feel rushed at all, and I feel like they all really, truly listened to and understood my goals and how *I* needed to achieve them. I'm excited about my health now, which is just what I was expecting and hoping of Turntable Health.They've got some health, wellness, and exercise classes that I can attend free as part of my membership. However, the times aren't always convenient to my work schedule. Bummer. But they did say they're still trying to find the best times for classes, and they're working on slowly expanding the offerings.It's so great to have a doctor who has the time to listen to more than one issue at a time, who considers me and my health as a whole (including my mental health!), who's personable and caring, and who's excited about motivating me. I almost feel a little guilty and greedy... I've never had this level of care, so that's going to take some getting used to.
5	I just have to update after this week's experience. I had a minor injury that I thought I'd handled but it wasn't quite healing. I emailed a pic to my doctor who responded immediately asking if I could come in. Unfortunately I was stuck at work all day. I then got an email from my health advocate asking if it was okay FOR THEMTO COME TO ME?!? Yes. That's right. I had an injury and was stuck at work so my medical team came to me. They arrived, sorted the situation and the injury is now healing fine. Amazing.
5	1:45  I called Turntable asking if I could see someone about my sore throat.2:00  I walked down to the clinic and was offered tea while I waited.2:06  My health coach (Andrew) brought me into a visitation room, asked me questions about my throat, and took my vitals.2:23  My physician (Dr. Neil) came in, took a look at my throat, did a few tests including an instant test for Strep Throat (negative), talked me through was was going on, wrote a prescription, gave me tips to reduce my throat swelling, and answered all my questions2:47  I walked out of Turntable.2:55  I'm in my bed drinking plenty of fluids.I consider myself a fairly healthy person and I still visit Turntable a few times a month for things like Yoga, Strength Training, and sessions with a social worker. It's also nice to know that when I'm legitimately sick Turntable has my back.
5	I work in preventative medicine and a few videos of this place came across my radar. I had to go check it out during their twice weekly free tours. The entire concept is really exciting for Las Vegas and the healthcare industry as a whole. It had been a really long time since I felt that excited about something...that deep down gut feeling that says, "This is good stuff. This is going to be HUGE". Go check it out. Even if you don't sign up, it will give you a good idea of what primary care could and should be. I was given a tour by Astrid, who was very informative and patient with our questions. The design is beautiful. It's a weird thing to feel emotional about such great ideas? I dunno, but I was actually moved to a tear or two about it.
5	What a fantastic place.  I signed up and visited them for the first time today.  I have really good health insurance, but have been so disappointed with the doctors I have visited that I have avoided going simply because it is such a hassle.  Not so with turntable - they got me in at the last minute, took their time to fully understand my history and health needs, and they were able to provide all the services I needed on the spot.  I didn't realize how much they offer.  Affordable too.  Great job guys!
5	EXCELLENT place! I've been a member for a year now, and I can't recommend it enough. The staff actually seem to care about you, and take the time to get to know you...you never feel rushed, the doc actually sits with you and chats...it's incredible. In fact, it's such an overwhelmingly positive experience that I'm afraid it won't last :/Membership in this clinic is included in my Nevada Co-Op plan -- so it's all totally FREE! No copays, no surprise b.s. You can always get an appointment within a reasonable amount of time, and sometimes even last-minute same day. I won't go on and on about it....it's just fabulous. Even the waiting area is airy, light-filled and chic. Plenty of parking in the parking garage underground...or, if you live downtown as I do, you can ride your bike and chain it up front. I mean, prior to this I have NEVER had a positive healthcare experience (Ok, well, very rarely)....that just makes this place stand out even more.P.S. this doesn't affect the quality of service, but the staff are also all really good looking! Young, enthusiastic go-getters, one and all. I love them!!Hopefully this place survives the inevitable Republican backlash in 2016........
