2	I am not always a big fan of Arirang. Somehow I find that their food is kinda bland. But surprisingly there's lots of Koreans eating at this place. In fact, my Korean prefers this place over Dorcas, which I love to go. Oh well, I am not Korean. What do I know? =)
5	I'm a HUGE fan of the combination bulgogi plate.  Chicken, pork, beef...all on one plate.  I'm getting hungry for some right now.  Too bad I'm two hours away...*sigh*
3	The food's decent, but I've never been impressed by this place.  The only things I can say I definitely enjoy about this place is that 1. it's usually not too crowded, and 2. they have mool nang myun in the summertime.  Mmm
4	Although they don't provide the best customer service (none of the k- restaurant do), I always come back for their great food. Authentic and affordable, plus no MSG!
2	When we first walked into this place, we went to the front to order. Hmm..I see this is a trend with the korean restaurants in campus town. So first things first, they don't accept cash. My, we need to get with the times people. And I ask the girl at the front (who's spacing off) "what's good here?" She looks at me completely puzzled as if she's never been asked that question and shrugs looking at the specials saying "here are the specials". Um, okay.. So I order one of the specials, which is tofu soup and fish. I actually enjoy the salty fish and the kimchi is alright, not the greatest, and the tofu soup could be better. So yeah, the food is okay, not too bad. But yes, this place looks like a cafeteria and it was packed with college korean students..why? I don't know.. Maybe there aren't too many korean restaurants around here? I'm getting deja-vu from woori jib but the food was better here.
4	Pretty fast. I've had their soup, fried rice, dumplings, rice sticks, and some Korean stir fry thing and they're all pretty good.
3	Judging by the percentage of Korean customers, it must be the most authentic Korean place in Champaign, and it's better Korean food than I expected to find in such a small town.  A-OK - three stars - seems about right.  The food was a little bland, but the flavors were generally right and cooked well.  The ingredients seemed lower-quality as compared to Korean places in larger cities, but still very edible.  If I had a jones for Korean food while in Champaign, I'd go here without hesitation.  If I just wanted some good food, I don't know that it would cross my mind while in Champaign, though.
3	"A-ri-rang" is the most popular and best-known Korean folk song. A-ri-rang is an ancient native Korean word with no modern meaning. 'Ari' means "beautiful"; 'Rang' can mean "dear".The food here is good, but there is nothing beautiful about the joint and the proprietor is anything but dear.I have been coming here for years and he has never smiled or said "thank you".  Today I ordered bi bim bap and instead of coming in a hot stone bowl as usual, it came in a cold plastic bowl.  At the very least, I wish he would have asked me to clarify my order.There are communal tables in the center of the place, which I like but they are merely worn out old folding conference tables.He always has the TV blaring on Headline News.But the food is good, maybe the best Korean on campus.  This is no small feat in a university town hosting 3500 native Koreans.So I added a star for good authentic Korean food, patronized by mostly Korean clientele, but subtracted a star for a surly owner and subtracted another star for crappy interior furnishings.
3	When I'm on campus, this is where I like to eat.
4	If you want Korean soup or fried rice, go here.  Best on campus.
4	I loved the beef bone soup I got to go from here and I found the crankiness of the owner to be charming. This is a low key campus joint so what do you expect?? Actually, the owner was fairly nice to me and smiled, probably because he figured I wasn't a student. It looked like most of the foreign students in there were also ordering soups (could have been because it was really chilly).The soup came with a large portion of rice and only 3 kimchees (not really banchan). Oddly enough, there were somen noodles in mine but the soup was deeply flavored and I was more than satisfied it. I can't wait to come back to IL to get another bowl of this soup, its my comfort food when I am on the road for recruiting.
4	Straight up best budaejigae on the planet.
5	Good Korean restaurant and close to engineering labs.
2	I don't know if they gave us the flavor-less version because we are not Korean. But we had soon doo boo and dwenjang chigae and they were so-so at best. I had to add salt, gochu powder and gochujeon to mine to give it a little flavor. The owner was irritated as promised in other yelp reviews. The dining area was cramped and uninviting. I will definitely find another Korean place to go to in the future.
3	Food is pretty good, though rather pricey for a campustown restaurant in my opinion
4	Very good soup and fish dishes.
3	I used to come to this place before I found out about other Korean places around campus. Each place has their own specialties. I love getting the bibimbap and bulgogi from here. In my opinion, the soon du bu doesn't have much flavor. I started coming less and less because the owner at this place isn't too friendly. Also, once I came to get food and saw them refilling the water dispenser with a tub that didn't look so sanitary...made me lose my appetite.
5	like the Tofu soup and Kimchi fried rice Here! l
5	I give it 5 stars because of what I get for the price. Every dish here is under $10 before tax and they come with a generous portion too. Every dish comes with at least 2 side dishes of kimchi..The quality of the food is as good as it gets for under $10.Try the Bulgogi dishes and the Budae Jigae. By far best Budae Jigae.Also try the Omu Rice. It's their version of omelet fried rice. Fried rice is wrapped in omelet egg.I'm an easy going customer so the owner being not too friendly is not a big deal to me. In fact, what do you expect at a no-waiter restaurant? You don't have to pay tips already.
3	Cheap and hits the spot . I think it's one of the most affordable Korean restaurants on campus. For a college kid, it's a huge win.A-ri-rang offers most of the staple Korean items on their menus, from the broth-based dishes to the bibimbap to the bulgolgi meals. I think the omu rice here is pretty clutch too.
4	It depends what dish you ordered. I personally recommend soup#18 budae-jigae. And the fried fish is also good. But it just takes a long time for your order if you dine in at the peak time.
5	This is my Korean staple on campus. I always get the budae jjigae. Be warned, it is HUGE. Come during finals, as it is only a hop, skip and a jump off from the Union. They make great kimchi as well, especially the potato variety. With a huge main dish, two side dishes and unlimited tea at less than $10, this place is a jjigae dream. Cafeteria style seating, but so worth the delicious food. Give it a try and fall in love with the spicy soups.
1	The boss trying to sell me something they want to sell, which sucks. And the food is very low quality in all the Korean restaurant. I have had. Donot come here in Uiuc!!!
4	Looking for Korean Food? Want Budaejigae? If So, order here! I'm not korean but this is my favorite place for Budaejigae, I've only ordered a couple other things here, and comparatively to the other Korean places in town, this place hands down, has the best Budaejigae. For me personally, I would rather go to woorijib for korean bbq (bulgogi / kalbi) and would definitely come here for the Budaejigae.Cheap and its huge, definitely can't go wrong if you are looking for a spicy noodle meat soup.
2	I've been to A-Ri-Rang several times now and I have to say that I am not a fan. None of the dishes are particularly great, and I would even dare to say that most are vastly bland by Korean standards (my S. Korean friend really didn't like the beef bulgogi). Being that it takes a very long time to get your food, and that finding seats for groups larger than 2 people is nearly impossible, I am not likely to return -- There are definitely better Korean restaurant in the extreme vicinity.
3	There are many Korean restaurants on campus that are readily accessible for students at UIUC. The market itself is a war zone. With that said, each and every one of those would try to have their specialty to out-do the others. A-Ri-Rang, in my opinion, does stand out compare to its competitors in its own unique way. In my personal opinion, I find A-Ri-Rang to be much cleaner than its competitors. Furthermore, the layout of the tables were done in such a way that it would not block incoming traffic, which, if you are a regular at Woorijib, would probably understand what I mean. Every day, there is always a lunch special going on. And it is most definitely worth every penny! For approximately $7-8 dollars, you would get a bowl of rice, a fish, and a soup of choice. Now, this may not sound like a lot, but the soup that comes with it is more like a stew. I always get the Soon-dobu jigae (forgive me if I spelled it right). In English? Tofu Stew. It is a LOT more filling than you think if you never had it before. Trust me on this. If there is anything you really need to know about A-Ri-Rang, is that their stew/soup food items are superior than their competitors. Therefore, if you are not sure what you want to get, if you stick with this guideline, you really can't go wrong!With reasonable price and delicious food, I would highly recommend this place to anyone!
4	I adore the budaejigae here! If you must order something, get that. For those who don't know what it is, it's basically ramen mixed with sausage, pork belly, spam, dumplings, and vegetables. You can also choose the level of spiciness of the broth. For the typical broke college student, the prices are low compared to other places on campus and they give you a lot of food all for under $10. If I had to rate the budaejigae, I'd give it five stars based on taste and the sides offered along with it. Also, there was so much, I had to take home half in a box.It's true the owner isn't very talkative, but that's due to a language barrier and it's not fair to deduct any stars for that. There's also no waiter service, but it's a casual restaurant, so this is to be expected. Another thing to note is that it's very clean compared to other places, which is a nice touch. It's not the best Korean food I've had, but it's quite filling especially when you've got an urge to get Korean food.
4	i used to come here a lot when i was living in Urbana area, i had tried pretty much everything on the menu. Fried rice, stir fry noodle, bibibam, noodle soup, bugulgi and lots more. Fried rice maybe my least favorite thing among all other dishes iv had (they r really lack of flavors, and there is nothing special about them) bibibam was okay, noodles are always my favorite (soup, stir fry, doesn't matter, it's always enjoyable) I also like their steam rice, and the marinate potato side dish. (not so much about the radish tho) overall, a good place to grab a quick lunch/dinner and have a decent Korean meal.
3	Restaurant reviewMy first venture into Korean food in Champaign was good. We decided to stop for a quick lunch and ended up at the first restaurant that opened at 11 AM on a weekday. It was easy to order because we were the first customers of the day. They have a nice laminated menu at the desk to chose your entree. It would be nicer if they had pictures instead of a word description of each item. I selected the combo platter of bulgogi which was 9.99. Afterwards it was a long wait of approximately 25 minutes before we got our food. The dish itself came with a large amount of rice and 2 ban chae along with a bean soup. Based on the pictures I could have chose the beef bulgogi paid less and likely gotten the same amount of food except less variety. The bulgogi was well seasoned, but the meat was cut into smaller slices which detracted from it. Prices have gone up according to my wife since she was in college. Overall slightly above average, I will have to find another korean restaurant to compare too.Pro: average price korean food, large portionCons: long cook time, higher price than average lunch placesHidden gem:Your meal comes with rice, soup, and 2 korean ban chae
5	Self service for cost effective. A lot of steam rice. good!!    ,      .       .      .   +.
3	Food is decent. Serving time is mediocre at best. Bibimbap sauce literally redeemed my meal. Price is somewhat higher than expected.
4	Daily special number 1 is the way to go! It comes with half a mackerel, and a decent bowl of tofu soup. The mackerel can be dry at times though. The kimchi jjigae has a large portion and tastes good too.
4	arirang is in a good location and i love their no. 7 (grilled mackerel with assorted kimchi). i tried my favorite korean dish here (bbq chicken and dak kalby) but i didn't like them that much. the downside is the owner/cashier doesn't appear, in fact isn't, friendly.
