5	Thanks so much for all of my wonderful healthcare.... I really feel like you care.... Thanks...
5	Creative Healing Solutions is a fantastic naturopathic doctors office.      I'm so grateful that I found this place and met Dr. Roxie Strand and her wonderful assistant, Melissa.  My life has changed so much for the better since April 2012 when I walked into her office super frustrated with many previously unsuccessful weight loss attempts.   Dr. Roxie was attentive and thorough, and suggested I consider HCG.   I had never heard of it before then, so I went home and did my research.  I was a little nervous, but never felt any pressure and when I decided to give it a try, I felt very at ease being under her supervision.  Now, I'm 85 lbs lighter and feel better than I have in years.   I could go on and on and speak to how wonderful the program, office and Dr. Strand are, but I simply suggest that you consider visiting Dr. Roxie yourself if you are seeking to address medical issues that you haven't been able to solve before.  She does a free consultation and is genuinely interested in helping find a holistic health solution for you.   I never thought I could totally change my lifestyle, but Dr. Roxie definitely helped me find a way to do it and has been a major supporter in my journey, which I appreciate so much!    Whether you are in need of a weight loss solution or need someone to help with other medical matters, I fully recommend Dr. Strand.
5	I highly recommend Dr. Roxie Strand and her excellent staff. I haven't been a patient of Dr. Strand for over 3 1/2 almost 4 years. I came to Dr. Strand very frustrated with a pretty severe thyroid condition that I could not get control of my weight. (after seeing 4 different doctors over the past 6 years prior) After consulting with Dr. Strand we ran a series of blood tests, and got on a specific regimen of thyroid medication and additionally a specific diet plan and now I have been able to maintain my weight about 45 pounds less than I came to her with ....not to mention she's been extremely helpful in many other areas of my life and my health, and I have never felt better. If you are struggling with your weight or you're looking for somebody that is extremely knowledgeable in Naturopathic health please don't hesitate to go visit Dr. Strand.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by the service I got at this practice.  I bought a living social deal for a 15 minute consult plus 15 B12/MIC shots.  I really wanted the shots so I was not expecting much.  Dr. Strand was really nice and informative.  I think she even spend more than 20 minutes with me and I never felt rushed.  We discussed several things I am getting from my current Dr. and she put me at ease with some of the supplements I am taking.  I would definitely recommend her, if you are in need of a naturopathic Dr.
5	The staff is great and friendly. Love going there every week for my B12 shots. I like that there is no pressure regarding up selling( many other practitioners do this and make you feel uncomfortable). I' m glad I found them!
5	They were all so nice at creative healing solutions.  I came in and talked with Roxie and she was patient and took her time to make sure that I was well informed on all that we talked about.
