1	My first appointment here was scheduled for this morning. A woman called earlier in the week to get some additional information and confirm my appointment. I came in 15 minutes early knowing I would have to fill out paperwork. When I gave  my name the woman working the desk sighed a heavy sigh and as if she were talking to a 4 year old said "Nooooooo. That appointment was moved." I told her someone had called to confirm at the beginning of the week and she annoyingly challenged me. "They wouldn't have confirmed until yesterday." Why would I wake up at 9am on a Saturday and try to lie my way into the dentist for a cleaning!? Why would anyone!?Instead of challenging her in return I politely offered more information. "I spoke to a woman who called asking for my birth date in order to confirm my appointment for today." She searched for my name, huffed and puffed, then told me I had moved my appointment to Tuesday. After I explained to her I wouldn't have moved my own appointment  to a weekday because of work she gave me another annoyed sigh, huffed and puffed some more and finally shoved a clipboard at me. "You need to fill this out."I assumed that meant they would still be able to see me today but asked just to be clear. She refused to look at me. There was no "Sorry about the mix up, we can still see you." Instead she offered a short and very irritated "Yes." At that point I decided I'd had enough. It's one thing to have a clerk in a store or server at a restaurant be rude but this is the medical field. These people are supposed to be caring and kind not condescending, impatient and rude. Whether she was a hygienist or just a receptionist, as the first person a new patient comes into contact with it was her responsibility to make an appropriate first impression and she failed horribly. I won't trust anyone to take care of me if they can't even be nice to me. To be fair she did call me and left an apology on my voicemail but at that point it was too late. I won't be going back.
1	HA! I thought my experience with A-101 ended with my walking out of the appointment but I was wrong! I got a call yesterday morning "confirming" my appointment for today. Let's recap. They confirmed my original/first/ONLY appointment for Sat, Oct 20. Upon arrival they accuse me of moving my own appointment to Tues, Oct 23. After being treated so poorly I tell them I'll be finding a new dentist and leave before anyone sees me. The receptionist/hygienist calls me later to "apologize" and asks me to come back. I don't return her call. Two weeks later they call to confirm an appointment I never set. I'm amazed at their incompetence.
5	BEST DENTIST look no further. If your in need of a great dentist that is honest and has your best interest in mind then this is the place for you. I have only dealt with Phil Cooke, DDS, and he is OUTSTANDING!!! Not only do I go here but so does my wife and kids. DR. Cooke is Excellent with children. You could not find a better dentist to take your child to for his/her 1st dental visit. THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!
5	Such an awesome place really enjoyed getting my teeth pulled actually! Will only go to this dentist !
