5	Just finished Arcadia's Edible Garden Tour and really enjoyed learning about and seeing such a fantastic home-garden & mini-farm setup here.  As part of the tour, this small business opened up their in-city farm to those wanting to learn how to start their own gardens/small farms.  This particular location has a pretty standard size Arizona backyard and really demonstrated how much food and goods you can produce out of a small residential space with a well-thought out system.  Their front yard was LOADED with beds of peppers, swiss chard, tomatoes, kale, corn, cabbage... you name it!  And all that with an impressive irrigation and organized bed system (this is their specialty!).  The backyard had 20 or so beautiful, robust chickens as well as two goats (for milking).  The gal that runs this place was very friendly and totally helpful with questions and showing you around.I think their main business is not necessarily their garden/farm (though they do have a CSA), but it looks like their speciality is in doing customized gardens in other's homes and backyards.  They also sell organically grown heirloom seedlings and seeds.  Impressive use of space, to say the least and definitely where I'd start for pointers and consultation.
5	On and off for the past couple of years we have used Farmyard as our Community Supported Agriculture farm. They produce wonderful tasting fruits, vegetables, herbs, and bonus products, like their Honey Mustard dressing. I swear I could eat off their tomatoes alone for a month and never get bored! I highly recommend you get their eggs too which are consistently fresh and delicious.  They're timely on delivery and offer recipes in each weekly harvest basket. I loved not having to worry about what was in the food I fed my toddler or what to buy each week in the store. You're always eating in season and I barely had to grocery shop.Besides all that wonderfulness, they do garden planning and planting as well as sell seedlings and delectable baby plants!
5	Love a fresh organic farmer offering their locally grown produce, herbs and eggs to the community.  Farmyard also teaches and sets up gardens in your backyard if you want.  They will teach you how to maintain it and maybe even sell your produce for you too.  Great for those who want a great garden but aren't sure how to go about creating one.  Thank you Sarah!
