4	So, I married an engineer who is a huge geek.  I LOVE that about him, but buying gifts can be quite a challenge since a plain ol' tie is not gonna work.  I stumbled upon this little store when I was at the Hilldale shopping center.  It's just a wee little kiosk, but has some of the most original and quirky gifts a geek could dream of.When it comes to comic books, Japanese anime or video games, they are over flowing with geek goods.  I love that their items are 100% authentic.  I have to nick a star because the kiosk is to itsy bitsy, and you can't get everything there that they actually offer; however, they have a sweet website that is easy to use and has all the goods on there.  You can even shop by choosing what type of geek you are: Bad@$$ geeks, comic book geeks, fantasy geeks, and so much more.    If you're a geek, obsessed with geek culture, or just married to one, this place is incredibly original.
5	The kiosk was small, but the new store is awesome. It has something for all of your geeky needs. If you like anime they have a ton of anime stuff, not really my interests but to each his own. I've bought so much stuff there, it decorates my desk at work, my book cases at home. Some of it is even useful (Tardis Cookie Jar? check, Star Wars wall clock? you bet, Darth Vader water bottle for the gym? gotta work out your geek, Enterprise pizza cutter? you know I say resistance is futile when slicing a pizza).The best part is the owner is awesome. If there is something you want that he doesn't carry, he can order it for you. That way you know what you get is real, not some cheap knockoff that won't look right or breaks after a day or two.
5	Simon is a fantastic and nice guy. I'm really happy to see his store doing well and it's nice the stock rotates enough that you want to keep coming back. Finally Madison has it's own version of Kid Robot and a neat place to find some awesome anime, manga, geeky, and pop culture stuff. If it's not stocked in the store, Simon is more than happy to find it and order it for you...He will also keep checking on the item if it's out of stock or back ordered. I also love that he remembers his customer's name. It's the small bits of personal experiences and interactions that make this store top notch.
