5	Stuff Antiques is a period lighting fantasy land.  Joe, the proprietor, has amassed a literal treasure trove of fine period lighting.  He has an eye for the exceptional and his shop is literally filled to the rafters with only the best examples of each period and lighting style.  Whatever style of vintage lighting you're looking for, Joe has it.  He's got everything from Victorian to Arts and Crafts; from Art Deco to Mid-century Modern and everything in between.Don't be put off if you arrive and the iron gate at the front entrance is locked.  Do as the sign instructs and ring the bell.  Joe is likely in the back restoring more fabulous lighting and he will come right to the front and let you in.  Once you walk in, welcome to Lighting Wonderland!Take the time to work your way among the aisles and aisles of lighting.  Don't forget to look overhead because that's where the fabulous ceiling fixtures reign supreme.  This place feels more like a museum of exceptional lighting than a shop, but everything can be yours.  Joe also carries some antique furniture and vintage medical cabinets.  Again, everything is the best of the best at Stuff Antiques.I normally have a rule that I will not shop in an antiques store that does not having price tags.  Joe does not have price tags on anything in his shop.  However, he knows precisely what everything is worth and he has all the prices memorized.  I have asked more than once about the same item on different visits and the price doesn't change.  This also isn't a place where you bargain.  The price is the price and that's that.  However, Joe has exceptional examples of everything and his prices are fair.Joe also offers restoration services.  The BF had a vintage lamp that he inherited that we took to Joe for an assessment.  The lamp had been damaged by a well-intentioned polishing in the past and Joe was able to advise us on the best course of action to restore the lamp to its former beauty and to optimize its value.  Besides being an expert on vintage lighting, Joe is also very engaging and easy to work with.  I found a fantastic vintage Art Deco milk glass school house light at his shop that I just had to have.  Unfortunately, I needed two for my kitchen that I was remodeling at the time.  I managed to find an exact match to the glass shade on eBay and I took it to Joe and he was able to get me a set of matching vintage metal setups so that the shades are now a perfectly matched set.  Joe offers the old fashioned customer service that chain stores can't even begin to touch.Take an afternoon to explore Stuff Antiques, even if you don't need anything.  If you have a lighting fetish, this can be a very, very dangerous place for your wallet.  But it's worth it to live with beauty on a daily basis.
1	Stuff Antiques does have wonderful objects.  It is a good idea to go in knowing what things are worth.  There are no price tags on items and I believe that the owner will take advantage of the unseasoned buyer.  Unfortunately, I did not heed my own advice, and paid way too much for a number of items.  They do very nice restorations, but do not give one even a ballpark figure of what it might cost or when it will be done.
1	BEWARE!!!!  I was taken advantage of by Joe and this man lacks honesty.  I had to arrive with the police to retrieve a table he was supposed to call me with an estimate to restore and come to an agreement about a price to sell it.  Instead I received a check in the mail for $250 with a note that he sold it!!!  It was still in his store for a price tag of $1,200 and he was untruthful about even that to the police.  How very sad it took the police to make things right with this dishonest fellow!
