5	Sushi in LV for me has been just ok so far. I've been here 3 months, not long, I know, but I have tried several places and they seem exactly alike and simply nothing that special. I've been to Hokaido 3 times, and it's been consistently good. They have a great menu, good portions of fresh fish (nothing worse than paper thin fish on a nigiri), and it's a comfortable place.  For me, the Dark Horse roll gets Hokaido that extra star - shrimp tempura, crab, and avocado roll topped with toasted coconut and some sort of yummy sauce. This roll makes it worth the trip every time.
5	This is one of the best sushi places in Las Vegas. The service is second to none. The friendly staff are worth their weight in gold. The rolls have funky names like 'I love my A$$' and 'What the Hell.' They have a very fresh selection of fish as well. It's a cozy little place tucked away in a strip mall, but well worth the drive.
5	This is, by far, an awesome sushi restaurant! I love the food, I love the service! Eric, one of the sushi chefs, is a character. He is so nice and kept us entertained. Soo, another sushi chef, is also very nice and friendly. I can't wait to bring my family and freinds here. I really like the Dark Horse sushi. But every sushi Eric made for us was yummy!
5	The rating tells.  This is a great sushi place in a hole.  Whenever I come to Vegas, this is the place I don't skip.  Yeah, it is a drive from strip but still...Quite honestly, my Sushi buds were trained in Gardena, California (Toyota, Nissan, etc HQ reside right there... you can imagine the level of competition for Sushi place there)And for non all you can eat place to satisfy me does take a LOT.Eric the sushi chef is such an awesome character and creative sushi chef!  He can be wacky at times, can be hilarious, or just friendly as you can get.  But one thing is always certain, he delivers the goodies for your taste buds.Rolls here are just extra ordinary! Beyond 5 stars.  I would rate non-roll sushi typically from 3.5-4.5 stars.  The experience as whole just combines this place as one of the best sushi place you can pick in Las Vegas.
5	Oh wow. We stopped by this place after hiking at red rock. We live on the other side of town but it is so worth it! If you like interesting rolls with sauces try the Ultimate tuna, crazy horse, or 3Alarm fire. Bu we also had some sushi pieces. Wow so fresh and huge!
5	Decadent Sushi Rolls, Fresh Fish & SojuHUGE rolls, decorated for a Yelp King/Queen.  When you're looking for beautiful sushi this is definitely a place that comes to mind.  On the menu or off of the menu Eric is a sushi artist who knows how to make your taste-buds dance.  The restaurant isn't as cozy as some of the other Las Vegas Sushi Spots, but the food more than makes up for any lack of ambiance.Go for a hike, check out the mountains, and come here to rest your feet and fill your tummy. Date Rating: 6Pick up Scale: 1Strong Suggestion: Sit at the sushi bar and hang out with Eric. There may only be a handful of reviews for this spot but I've been a California/NYC sushi snob for years - you will not be disappointed.
4	I like this place a lot. The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is that it only has ONE vegetarian sushi roll. It's a delicious vegetable tempura roll, but I would appreciate a little more variety for the non-meat-eating crowd. They do deliver, which is unusual for sushi places. The restaurant is never very busy, so take-out and eat-in orders are very speedy. Plus, the associates are very kind.
5	I love this place...they have some of the best sushi. Order the Double D...it comes with a screaming orgasm sauce that puts an extra kick to your tastebuds.
5	Best sushi in Las Vegas.  Eric, one of the sushi chefs is amazing.  So much talent  and so delicous!    The chefs are so creative that your sushi dishes look like a work of art.  The fish is high quality and very, very fresh.  The wait staff are so friendly.   I love this place!
5	I've had Hokaido bookmarked since I saw Megan C.'s review a few months back. With all their 5 star reviews I was eager to try it but a little weary of the hype. Sure, it might be a little premature for me give this place such high marks after one visit and after only trying two rolls, but those 2 rolls were damn good. - Kamikaze roll ($11.00) - eel tempura roll with spicy tuna and avocado. Absolutely loved it!- Rock 'n Roll ($12.50) - 5 kinds of  generously cut  fresh fish and crab wrapped in cucumber.Their menu is filled with all the prerequisite creatively-named rolls that contemporary sushi joints have but from what I saw of other rolls being served they are beautifully presented and quite large.The staff and sushi chefs were incredibly friendly and treated everyone like they were old friends. The atmosphere isn't as modern as the rolls they serve, but it's still a comfortable environment. It's kinda got a stereotypical japanese restaurant feel with the dark wood and traditional japanese decor.This place is definitely worth a few more visits and might become my new favorite neighborhood sushi joint.
4	Been here once and everything was great.  We had the kobe sushi, lobster handroll, uni, hawaiian tuna poke, sweet shrimp and everything was really fresh & good~ Tap came to around 70 for all of the above and it was a great value for sushi bar~ Will definitely go back.
4	We've been coming to Hokaido for a couple years now. We really like the place because 1. They are super friendly 2. You get more bang for your buck here; quality, presentation & service.The staff, like most sushi restaurants, greet you right away, but they don't  look miserable doing it at this place lol. They remember us everytime we go there and the sushi chefs even take the time out to talk to us. The food is average, in price but very quality sushi and the presentation is awesome! They use anything from flowers, radish, leaves but the thing that really impressed me the most was the radish that they carved into a butterfly! I have a photo but I can't find my cord for camera! I know, a big FAIL for me. lolThe restaurant itself is quite small, not really ideal if you have more than 6 people but it's a great place if you're looking to have some quality sushi!
5	I've been to a lot of sushi restaurants all over the U.S. and this one stands out as one of the best. Went here with some friends and we pretty much had the place to ourselves on a Friday night, I don't understand how, because this place should be jamming all the time in Vegas. Excellent service and wonderfully scrumptious sushi! I'd highly recommend checking this place out while in town. Totally worth the drive.
4	I love Hokaido Sushi. It's close by home so we definitely come here often if we need a quick sushi fix. I went here for lunch and they have some good lunch box options. I ordered the Beef Bulgogi which includes 4 pieces California Roll, Salad, Rice and Miso Soup. My aunt ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and she was impressed with it since there was not an overabundance of sauce. We also ordered salmon nigri, sweet shrimp, the Unaten Roll and the Grand Canyon roll. The sushi was delicious as always and its definitely a place to try. It's not an all you can eat place, but I think the sushi more than makes up for it.
5	Some of the best sushi I've ever had.  The presentation of the sushi is incredible and prices are very reasonable. Chefs Eric and JJ made it very fun too. Great Place!
5	My favorite Sushi spot in Vegas!The fish freshness and quality is as good as anyone could hope for inland, and beats out a lot of old favorites in Cali.The chefs are fun and talented, and the restaurant is always clean and inviting.  The focus here is where it ought to be: the sushi.Red Bean Mochi FTW!
2	I guess if you are not stuck on the idea that your sushi rolls should contain raw fish, then this place is good.  All the "special rolls" that are priced anywhere from $9.95 to $15.00 contain either crab meat or shrim tempura, both of those are extremely cheap and not very tasty ingredients.  I understand thats how sushi bar makes the money, but if you price a roll at $14.95, at least put raw fish on the inside and on the outside.  Ultimate tuna roll is the only roll with raw tuna on the inside and the outside.  Considering that I was there on a Monday, my rolls and nigiri should not have had a slight fishy smell, yet they did........so fish was not super fresh.  Presentation is nice though, but if the food are not tasty, who cares.......I suppose if you dont care what you get in your rolls then this place is for you.  I would rather drive for 25 minutes to go to I Love Sushi on Eastern Ave
5	The best sushi I have ever had. Very friendly and personable. Hands down worth the drive and money!
5	Hidden gem of some really good sushi in Vegas.I was upset beacuse I thought I would never find a sushi place comparable to the Bay Area since I moved to Vegas.  But I finally found one that comes close!  I'm so happy and excited about it!Must haves:- Garlic Edamame...deep fried and garlicky!- Ebi Crunch...my favorite!- Something Wrong # 69..ain't nothing wrong! haha!- Vegas...no rice but still goodI like how the sushi that does have rice, doesn't really have that much rice!  Sushi is very flavorful, and different!  Hokaido is definitely creative in their sushi creations.  I've also had the agedashi tofu, gyoza, and tempura ice cream.  Appetizers were good, but the ice cream was freezer burned on the inside of the fried shell BOO!  Also, do not order the double hamachi; it totally takes away from the Hamachi and it's way too saucy.  Just get the regular Nigiri Hamachi if you're craving it.  Freshness!But I still give this place 5 stars!  Go now!  Fort Apache hidden gem!
2	The Skinny: oxidized, fishy albacore tuna, dry tonkatsu and hard veggie tempura (2) Service: was okay - only problem was the ambience was poor due to a rather loud table across the room (3), value: around $17 for the bento box which isn't bad but given the quality will not likely return.(2)Not sure what to order, our table decided to order 3 bento boxes to have some variety. On the list of things we tried: grilled saba, california roll, albacore tuna sashimi, tonkatsu, tuna sashimi, salmon sashimi, and veggie tempura. Each bento came with salad, rice and miso soup.The sides of miso soup, salad, california roll were all okay - nothing special. The grilled saba was good.The albacore sashimi was pretty bad. There were 5 thinly sliced, grey, mushy, watery pieces of fish with a very strong fishy odour. Certainly not good quality. The salmon sashimi was not cut in the proper manner and appeared like rectangular blocks. The tuna sashimi was okay. My husband's tonkatsu was poor. Pounded too thin and likely using meat that doesn't have enough fat content, it caused the end product to be too dry and hard. The veggie tempura was difficult to eat, greasy and unpleasantly hard.I'm not sure if it was how we ordered or what we ordered but I didn't enjoy the food very much here. If you do decide to go, I think you should try ordering a la carte instead. Either way, this place gets a two star review.
4	Great sushi bar in this part of town. Had a sashimi platter and a sushi combo that was shared by 3 people and it was more than enough food.Not a fan of their Yum Yum scallop roll but the dragon roll was presented beautifully and tasted equally good.Service was very friendly each time I've gone there. I try to go here at least once or twice a week.
4	I had a mad craving for sushi last night. We thought we'd give a place close to home a try. Hokaido fit the bill. The parking lot was empty which made us a little concerned. We went inside and the dining room was empty, too. Uh-oh. What were we in for?Variety of offerings is wide. It took us a bit to choose. Finally we settled on chicken udon noodle, and three rolls: Dark Horse, Japanese Lasagna and a classic spicy tuna. We were brought a tasty cucumber salad to get us started. Then, the noodles arrived and the rolls followed.The noodles were really good, but near impossible to eat with chopsticks. We broke down and asked for a fork.... much easier to enjoy. The lasagna was our least favorite roll, it fell apart easily since it was baked. It was hard to get that perfect bite. Plus, I'm generally not a fan of cream cheese, but it sounded intriguing so I gave it a whirl. Lesson learned--I'm still not much of a fan. The classic spicy tuna was the favorite. Although, the Dark Horse was enjoyable. I especially liked the crunchy texture.All in all, it was a shame the restaurant was so dead.
4	YUM! Probably the best rolls I've ever had thus far. The variety here is intense! There were so many to choose from, but the 3 we chose were all very delicious.We had the Unaten roll which included shrimp tempura, avocado, eel etc.Vegas roll that was deep fried and included the perfect amount of cream cheese, just a tad!and the Sweetheart Roll which our sushi chef recommended, it's "baked" meaning they torch it to "bake" the top salmon, it also included spicy crab, shrimp tempura, and roe. It was full of flavor and very deliciousAlthough the quality of the food was fantastic, the minor problems here are:-The drive is definitely quite away from the strip, about 8 miles? We were in the mood for some good sushi so yelped led the way.-each specialty roll was about $12-$13, 3 of which added up to $40 pre-tip altogether for two -- a little on the steep side these daysService was really friendly and fun, and there wasn't a wait at all! They're open pretty late too on a Sunday.. til 11pm
4	Good, fresh fish, but nothing special.  Definitely one of the better places I have been to in Las Vegas area.
5	This place is one of the best sushi restaurants in Las Vegas.  The staff is super friendly and the sushi is some of the best in town.  Great variety, fresh fish and the presentation is beautiful!  Prices are great as well.  You have to try it!
5	Awesome Awesome place.  The ambiance is awesome, the staff is so friendly.  We go about once a week, because that is the only place we will go now :)  The sushi is amazing, have the specials the muchi muchi is the best!  They even cut up avocado and give us rice for my toddler to keep her entertained :)I would highly suggest this to anyone looking for a great sushi place.
4	I think Naked Fish has a new contender for my favorite sushi roll place.  Hokaido is another surprise in the 'burbs sushi place that had really tasty rolls and fresh fish.We all shared:1.  Ultimate Tuna2.  Three Alarm Fire3.  Almost Crazy TunaAll three rolls were fantastically flavorful and well done.  Just enough sauce to rice to fish ratio's.  A bonus was that the uni was unbelievably eye rolling fresh (on a Saturday)!!!!Conclusion:  I will be back to enjoy more sushi rolls!
4	We are pretty much a regular here, at least the waiter knows us each time we go in. :)We enjoyed their unique sushi rolls and their presentation are top notch, I really don't care about the AYCE places because I look for the quality of the fish/sushi not by how much I can stuff down. So, Hokaido Sushi is rank up there next to Naked Fish. I give it 4 1/2 stars.
4	I went to this place last night with my boyfriend and we enjoyed every moment of it. I love sushi but my bf doesn't so he got some kind of NY steak and onions and rice and it was amazing. I didn't really know what I wanted to the sushi chef Eric made some great sweet rolls and spice rolls for me. I will be going to this place again and I think that the best place to sit is at the bar if you can.
4	Really good sushi here folks.  The fish tasted good and the chef's creations were nice and yummy.  I'll be moving around this area in the next few months and I am happy there is a sushi bar so close, you will see more of me Hoaido.
4	Oh my WOW!!!!!This place is INCREDIBLE, Just got back from having lunch and was sooooo impressed. Everything was wonderful, the staff was friendly, the presentation was awesome the flavor was delicious but most of all the fish was very fresh. We will definately be regulars here!LOVED IT!
4	I'm a fan! The staff is really friendly & answer any questions you might have.The ambiance is nice. Dimly lit with fishies hanging with some net from the ceiling. Paper lanterns. The fish was REALLY fresh. I like the idea of them not having AYCE. Most places that have AYCE really lack the freshness in their fish.Ordered the Hawaiian Roll, Caterpillar Roll, Dragon Roll & the Lobster Roll.I LOVED the Hawaiian Roll & the Lobster Roll! You could really taste the freshness of the tuna in the Hawaiian, & the Lobster had this great sauce on top!Very friendly staff & great food!Will definitely be returning customers.
5	HOLY SASHIMI BATMAN!!! The best sushi place Vegas! I eat sushi at least once a week and this is probably the best in town. I have eaten at numerous local sushi places throughout Vegas and some of the upper scale places on the strip and this place ranks high among the top! if not THEE BEST! LIKE A PARTY IN MY MOUTH! From the moment you walk in the staff greet you with a sincere and warm welcome. Ya know,  when they yell something that you have no idea what it means, but it sounds good?  They go out of there way to make you feel at home. The sushi bar is a great spot to sit and watch Sushi Chef Eric. It is a pleasure to watch him work his magic and make some of the most beautiful and delicious rolls. Every dish is a masterpice with intricate garnishes full of art, all hand carved and made to order. He spends his time laying every roll down perfectly to ensure that the presentation is just as visually appealing as it tastes. Gyoza is a great appetizer to order, make sure to get it deep fried for extra crunchiness. The sweet heart roll brings all the great elements together of hot and cold, sweet and salty, and soft and crunchy. The rice is perfectly cooked and holds the roll together, it is topped with fresh salmon broiled with a flame thrower right before it is served. I've read some of the reviews on this place and yes it is a little on the higher price point, BUT C'MON!! If you are a true sushi fanatic, you know you pay for freshness!! You can't even get ALL YOU CAN EAT here. Ya know why!? BECAUSE ITS QUALITY!! If you see me at the sushi bar, buy me a drink. Preferably a sake bomb.
5	Love this place. Every I come here is a great. New experience.  Some of the best sushi I Vegas. Awesome specials!!!! This is by far one of the best places for sushi in all the valley. The preparation and presentation is amazing. LOVE IT
5	I have now been to Hokaido Sushi twice and every time I seem to go it gets better and better. The first time I went it was just my boyfriend and I. I two amazing rolls but can't remember the name and my bf doesn't eat sushi so he had steak and rice, he loved it. Then I went this past Friday with my bf and two friends came into town and they are die hard sushi eaters like me and they loved it. The prices are amazing and the food is totally worth it. I like to sit at the bar and watch them make the food it is fun and they can help you chose something if you don't know what you are really looking for. Best place in Las Vegas so far!
4	Love this place!  Chef Eric and Chef JJ are awesome.  They may not have AYCE, but they still get my business.  Their rolls are so delicious!  I get the Heart Scream, Dark Horse and 300 Rolls.  Chef Eric also makes a special Tuna hand roll.  The sashimi is good to.  They give you your money's worth.  It's not sliced paper thin like at some other places.  This is my go-to place when I want sushi.
4	I'm so happy I found Hodaido Sushi on Yelp!  My guy & I had such a beautiful meal here, and yes, I mean beautiful.  Every dish came out decorated, like something out of "Iron Chef".  The service was amazing, too.  We tend toward the "Kosher" fish... salmon, whitefish, tuna, halibut... and we were completely happy with all of our selections.  Everything was so fresh!   When even the sake tastes better than your old sushi place, you know it's time to make a change.  We'll definitely be heading back to Hokaido soon.  Thanks, Yelp community!
5	We'd been looking for a good sushi bar for a long time--real sushi (not just rolls), fresh and tasty sashimi, served by a chef that knows what he's doing and interacts with the customers.  You get all of that at Hokaido.JJ and Eric provide fantastic service and are a ton of fun to eat with.  The presentation of every dish is top notch and the prices are good.  This has become our regular spot.
4	Excellent prep good wait service!
5	I am a sushi snob. Bring a California girl I couldn't imagine good sushi in the desert. I was so wrong! The sushi was some of the most delicious ice ever eaten. The presentation was wonderful, portions filling, and the taste was FRESH! It took some time waiting for the sushi to arrive but they gave us complementary cucumber and crab salad and some edamame, good things take some time to prepare anyway.  I will make it a point to eat here when visiting family again. I'm getting hungry just thinking of it.
5	All around this place is awesome.  They have a fantastic staff, and the food is always presented in an amazing way.  Not to mention I have not had one thing here that was not good.
5	Best sushi spot in vegas by FAR!!! Eric, Soo, and JJ are amazing chefs and make everything like a piece of art. Its the type of place you go and people are taking pictures of the plates.  You walk in and are greeted by Eric yelling HAAAASHHHAAAI from behind the bar.  The rolls are all amazing and fresh, but the best thing to do is just sit at the bar and leave your ordering in the hands of Eric, and JJ.  Just let them make something and you will not leave anything short of satisfied.  Make sure you order a sake bomb with Eric, and watch him smash it for you, its worth the price alone.
5	If you love sushi, this place is heaven! I am so glad I came across Hokaido because it is now my go-to sushi joint. I love the sushi chefs!!! They are AMAZING, I haven't even ordered off the menu the last couple times I have been there, I just let them make a one of a kind specialty roll and I have never been disappointed! The sushi here is always good! The service is also very good. If you wanna impress someone take them here, the presentation of the sushi is phenomenal!!
5	Lately it has been hard to find good sushi restaurants around town because everything has turned into all you can eat sushi, which I am not a fan of. I am pretty particular about my sushi. We had always have to drive about 20 minutes away to our usual sushi place to eat. I noticed Hokaido Sushi down the street from where we live, but I was hesitant on it. One day we finally decided to go, and it was a great idea. The sushi was very good, and they have an awesome presentation. They also had garlic edamame on the menu, which I love and can hardly find anywhere, so I recommend that if you like garlic! I was very surprised by the restaurant. Only complaint is that sometimes you have to go out of your way to get the attention of the servers and sushi chefs when it gets busy, but that is understandable. As for prices, it is pretty much just the same as any other sushi restaurant.
5	Love love love Hokkaido. They are right down the street from my house which is just an added bonus as I would drive across town to eat here.  We have eaten here quite a few times now and have loved everything I have tried.  Servers and chefs greet you when you come in and take great care of you and are super helpful with any questions or special requests.
5	I've eaten at several dozens of sushi restaurants in Las Vegas over the years ranging from affordable AYCE to super expensive and traditional... this was one of the best all around sushi dining experiences I've had ever:- Quality fish- Excellent presentation- Reasonable prices- Nice selection of rolls- Clean environment- Friendly staff.When you have a 5 star experience why go anywhere else?
5	This sushi joint is SOOOOO good that they never lost business during the economic crunch. That says something.
4	Although a bit pricey, the sushi here is delicious and the presentation is the nicest I've ever seen!  Excellent quality and fresh fish!I got the bulgogi-don when I was there and it was so good.  Rice covered in sauce, Korean style bulgogi, and veggies.  Very homey and delicious.   I also ordered a California roll just to try.  It came out on a beautiful platter with orchids.  What?  Just for a California roll?  Nice!My husband got one of the bento boxes.  The beef teriyaki isn't awesome, just OK... but the sushi that came with it was so good!  All in all, if I want to stuff my face with sushi, I might go to a cheaper place like Kobe (another one of our frequented spots)... but if I'm looking for a nice relaxing dinner with quality sushi, I'll come back here!
2	Disappointing! I guess I had high hopes for this place after reading the reviews. I had mushroom miso, It was flavorful but they used dried shitake mushrooms which I'm not a fan of. I love fresh shitake mushrooms though. We ordered Tuna Poke, Hamachi Usuzukuri, Mango Salmon, Kiwi Salmon and Sexy Monkey. I thought Tuna Poki, Hamachi and Sexy Monkey were pretty flavorful to me. As for Mango and Kiwi Salmon, both were bit different, mango didn't taste ripe to me. Kiwi had avocado that wasn't ripe either and crab stick in it and I end up having this crab wrapper in my mouth, hence minus a star. Despite that they had friendly staff, I wouldn't go back again for the food as I've been there twice...
2	I was so disappointed after trying this restaurant. Their food is nothing special besides the tacky artificial flower decoration on every sushi roll we ordered. I am so turned off by the artificial flower decoration because I don't want to think about them reusing it time after time. The price is okay, but not great for what you get. We ordered a yellowtail collar, yellowtail carpaccio, touchdown roll, JJ's, and some other rolls. Yellowtail collar tasted the best, but the rest are bland or not memorable at all.  Even though the staff was nice and service was good, I probably won't go back again.
5	This is a fantastic sushi place... every meal is served to perfection... each meal a work of art... LOVE it.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place!  You can not go wrong with seafood in LV.  Because of their high demand, it is always fresh no matter where you go.  This place happens to be my favorite spot for 5yrs now.  My favorite sushi roll is The Red Mountain, ask for it with Jalapenos.  ;)Enjoy, bitches!
5	Best presentation in town on sushi - kinda a hidden gem!  Sushi is awesome and doesn't get to crowded.  Didn't have one sushi I didn't like!
2	Really thought that Hokaido would be a thumbs up after reading some great reviews on Yelp...so not sure what happened here!!!! Vegas has high standards for food, so Hokaido has disappointed!!!!  We had an average meal -- the lunch specials were a great price, but took a VERY long time to be served and were nothing really exciting.  The "crazy spicy chicken" tasted like kimchee-drenched onions with some chicken added as an afterthought (not too good!). The chicken katsu was pretty good, but how hard is it to bread chicken in panko and fry it...If you're looking for great food and good service, I would say that Hokaido is a miss..
4	Fresh fish, great service, nice menu.  I love eating here.  I love the fact that you can tell Eddie or JJ to make whatever they want to and everything that comes out is awesome.  I do it omakase style for most things here.  I can't explain it any more than this:YUM-O.
5	I haven't found a sushi bar out here in Vegas that I have enjoyed since i moved out here this past May, but when I went to Hokaido, found it off Yelp, I was very satisfied. I'm from Chicago, and out there I know of a handful of good sushi places out there. I'm sure there are good places out here in Vegas, and in time i'm sure i'll find good places, but this place was awesome! I was out with my sweetheart and we started out with the beef asparagus rolls...yummy! The cucumber salad was next with the green salad, very good as well. They dressing they used on both, same dressing, was very good. I tried miso soup there and that was standard, and good too. For rolls we got the "chicken teriyaki roll," "what the hell," and the "butter nipple!" They all were fantastic. The staff was very friendly and courteous! Very nice people, very nice place. I definitely will be back, and for now, this place is my favorite sushi place!
4	We've been to Hokaido on 2 different occasions. The sushi chefs and the waitresses have all been very friendly and funny with our 1 year old, very kid friendly.Our sushi and sashimi have both been very good. Fresh, good quality and a good sized portion. I think they're the best sushi option in the SW part of town and would recommend you giving them a try.As a side note I called asking if they had a highchair for children and they confirmed that they did. When we arrived at the restaurant 10 minutes later they had our table waiting with the highchair already in place. That's good service!
4	Delicious lunch!  I started with the kanpachi  usuzukuri, which was phenomenal.  The sushi chef was quite friendly and gave me a very generous sample of their bluefin tuna, then the toro - yum!  I finished with some nigiri and will definitely go back.  Everything tasted fresh, looked beautiful and the service was very friendly.
5	This is hands down the best sushi in las vegas! I've gone here a dozen times and they never let me down. Presentation, taste, atmosphere, and staff is all on point. My fav is the q roll, but so many more rolls are phenomenal. I've been to a lot of sushi restaurants and although I try to find other restaurants that compare and nothing ever comes close! Hokaido!! You rock :)
4	This was my first time trying sushi because I've always been convinced that I hate seafood.  However, I decided to give it a go because I have been warming up to shrimp and crab recently.  My fear about sushi is that it will be "fishy" in taste.  The fish here was so fresh that it practically melted in my mouth and tasted better than I expected!  The chef was not super talkative or anything (we sat at the sushi bar), which was fine by me.  Try the Something Wrong #69... delicious!
5	Wow. I mean, wow. Skilled, artful presentation and fresh ingredients. Veg tempura roll w/brown rice was absolutely incredible - so many other sushi places produce tempura rolls that fall apart, but mine stayed deliciously intact. The hibachi rice is something I'm dedicated to trying to replicate at home. My husband had the kamikaze roll and said he was confident he'd picked the best roll on the menu. Service was attentive and friendly, we can't wait to go back! Our new favorite place in Vegas and worth the quick drive off the strip!
4	We decided to try Hokaido Sushi because we have wanted to kinda get out of the rut of always going to the same place because there is "this ONE roll I like that I haven't seen elsewhere". Hokaido had a given perk in its favor when it came down to where we were going to experiment next - It isn't far from home, up on Fort Apache. We saw the excellent reviews second so it was a go.I am a roll fan (so I guess I would be considered not to be an aficionado when it comes to sushi) but we enjoyed the selection of rolls and the flexibility we were allowed in substituting here and there with contents and toppers for the rolls (spicy crab in lieu of Spicy Tuna; Rainbow rolls with Jalapenos rolled on the inside, etc) We found several rolls to our liking and were very pleased with the presentation, the time it took to be served, the kindness of our waitress (who was willing to help my newbie brother out with a chopsticks cheater tool :-))We will definitely be going back because there is just so much more on the menu we would like to try. We had a really hard time making our minds up for this round.
4	Nice little cozy place with friendly staff. Wide sushi selection.
4	Rarely do I show my face in a sushi joint that is not AYCE.  Feeling froggy, I decided to give Hokaido a go based on the Yelp! reviews.  Picked up a to-go order of Mexican Roll and 3 Alarm Fire Roll.  Both were excellent.  I agree with everyone who mentioned how beautiful the presentation is.  Even in a to-go box, they made it look really cool.  Didn't hurt that it also tasted really good.
3	Well I got a job yesterday (yay!)  and we wanted to celebrate (yay!) and stay close to home, so we went to another place that will not be named because I am going to give them another chance.  We waited 20 minutes without being acknowledged or even given water.  So for the first time in my life I walked out, the manager chased after us and offered 50 percent off our whole meal if we came back.  We told him we'd come back another time, and we will.  However I had to tell this story to preface what an odd night this was.Things didn't start off well at Hokaido, the host yelled at us in an extremely loud voice when we first got in and then our waitress rushed us on drink and appetizer orders before we had a chance to breathe(you can see how this night was starting off weird for us).  We were ready to order drinks and did, then we felt rushed to order something else so we ordered Miso soups.  The soups were great, she then gave us more time to figure out what to order.  We ordered quite a bit of food and for the most part it was really good.  The boy ordered a bento box with salmon sashimi and chicken katsu.  He received tuna sashimi.  Tuna is good and he liked it but it's kind of odd.  I ordered hamachi sashimi, 2 rolls and what is basically their take on jalapeno poppers.  We then asked if they had fresh wasabi, she said they did but they would have to charge us.  -My hamachi sashimi was very poorly cut, the blood line was left on it and it was a rather thick slab.  I'm used to hamachi tasting like butter but this was so big and bulky and the blood line made it taste a little off.-My rolls were nice, I had the double hamachi which was just ok and the Mexican roll which was very good.  -The Jalapeno "poppers" were probably my favorite.  They are stuffed with spicy tuna and cream cheese, tempura battered and fried with a nice sweet sauce.  They aren't super cooked, they are kind of crunchy still and very yummy.  I recommend this for sure.The big issue was with their "fresh wasabi" that they charged us $2 for.  IT WASNT FRESH WASABI!  It looked like grated jalapenos or seranos with maybe some wasabi powder in it.  It was wet and had seeds in it, not what fresh wasabi looks like.  If you don't have something, tell us, don't pretend you have it.  This is very bad and makes me not want to go back there again even though it is close and the rest of the meal was ok.  I need to process my feelings about the meal before I decide if I can go there again.
1	Me and my lady used to come to this spot at least once a month for the amazing sushi. This all changed as of last night as we are currently looking for a new spot. Owner and sushi chef were a little hmmmm let's just say messed up from a tiny bit to much drinking, along comes customer to my left ( we sat in the middle of two different groups at the sushi bar ) drinking and having shots with the head chef, some conversation about where they are from is exchanged and then escalates to the head chef cussing him out taking his shirt off to show his tattoos, which ended up in customer to my right coming out of no where and playing referee for customer and Mr Head Chef who has been in jail and is from LA. Now I'm from LA myself and don't need to hear your story about what part your from or what gang you rolled with when you were younger, years in jail etc.  I don't normally go out of my way to write many reviews and I loved this place for years but if you are thinking about going here I would say try somewhere else !
5	The chefs are great - for a casual place it's 5 stars, compared to a "fancy" sushi restaurant it'd be only 4 stars, but for what it is it's a 5 star!
4	Hokaido Sushi has been around for years now.  I used to eat at their place pretty regularly and their food was awesome, but for reasons of eating healthy, I cut them out for a while... well their is brown rice now!My wife finally got me to come here again and I was pleasantly surprised.  First of all, their lunch specials have improved.  The Lunch Box Special is 8.95 and your choice of meat (steak you add $1.00).   Brown rice is another substitute that you can get at another $1.00.  That brings lunch to over $10.00 per person, but the quality is very good and worth it!I ordered the Lunch Box Special with Chicken and Beef and brown rice, my wife ordered the Lunch Box Special with double beef.  Both meals came with Miso Soup as an appetizer.  It included a nice salad, 4 pieces of California roll sushi, rice and your choice of meets.  We also ordered the Tuna Poki (Poke) which was very delicious and came with seaweed salad as well.  Very delicious.The waitress was super nice.  The food came surprisingly fast!  She did forget to put in our brown rice order, but that was quickly remedied.I guess I'll be putting this back in to my work lunch rotation for sure!
4	This is my first time here and I'm impressed. The other reviews are correct. Friendly, helpful, EAGER staff. I was checked on often. It's not busy, but theres a thursday crowd.Tasty dishes-I had the Screaming "O", which I am particular about (I like them juicy and tasty ;) ), and it didn't disappoint! I also had the Hamachi Usuzukuri which was reminiscent of a dish I like at Sen of Japan. A tasty vinegaresque hamachi sashimi dish. Sen of Japan's is, of course, more elegant, but this place gives you more meat! Where's the beef! :) And then I have unagi for "dessert", and I've never had anyone eff that up. Come! Come!!
5	J J was an excellent chef! His presentation was beautiful and the fish was so fresh! I loved everything i ordered!
5	Awesome food and service!My wife, son and I visited the fun staff @ hokaido and were immediately greeted as if we were regulars. We got two of the lunch box specials and a shared order of the Butter Nipple rolls, and wow, were they superb! Our server Stephanie was very outgoing, extremely friendly and understanding of our lack of knowledge for sushi. She was very knowledgeable about the menu, gave us great choices, and was a great tour guide on our experience at Hokaido. We will definitely be back!
5	Amazing. Best sushi I have had in town!!They are amazing!! Some of the freshest fish I have eaten, and the chefs know what they are doing, and love their jobs. Would recommend to anyone that wants some good food!!
5	Second time I've eaten here and this time my son and I had to try the green tea and mango ice creams. They were absolutely delicious! The green tea had nice hints of sweetness and herbaceousness, while the mango was extremely fresh and had the perfect amount of sweetness. Great stuff!
5	We first tried this place in July 2011, because we were looking to go to sushi near our residence.  We went later at night, with not a very busy crowd so we were a little skeptical when we sat down at our table.  They far exceeded our expectations!  We go back very frequently for my absolute favorite sushi ever, the Philly Crunch Roll (a tempura fried philly roll with an amazing sauce).  The presentation is always awesome, except for one time.  The sushi chefs were busy entertaining some guests sitting at the bar, so we didn't get any special plating which was a little disappointing.  They have a wide variety of rolls, and they are usually really friendly.  Everything tastes really fresh (once we did get a spicy yellowtail that tasted a little less than fresh, but one time only).  We usually go around 9-10 pm at night, and its usually not very busy which always surprises me, but maybe its the location.  I would recommend everyone try this place!
5	In the mood for Sushi...tired of the same spot, tried something new and I'm glad I did. Thanks to my fellow YelperZ I tried out Hokaido. I ordered the Dark Horse roll. It looked like this roll was made with love...like the chef knew me personally. Soft...a little crunch...and was available in brown rice which I love. I will be checking in again...most likely tomorrow...cuz I'm fat. Lol
5	Fish is fresh, service is EXCELLENT and and the prices are reasonable. Would be perfect if they had all you can eat. Still a great place to eat!
5	I found this place by luck, me and my bf were looking for good sushi and passed by here and thought we would try it.I'm so glad we decided to try this place by far the best sushi I have ever had!!!The decor is pretty nice they have flat screen TVs all over the place playing whatever game is on at the time so that's a major plus being that me and the bf are sports fanatics. Besides the flat screen TVs they have very nice decorations all over the restaurant and the lighting is very dim which i love. Now on to the food... We ordered the What the hell roll which was sooo delicious by far my favorite sushi roll here.The Japanese Lasagna roll which i was kinda scared to order because its a good roll but most places put way way way to much cream cheese on it but not here this was the best Lasagna roll Ive ever had. We also ordered the California crunch roll which was crunchy goodness in my mouth and we ordered another roll that i cant remember at the moment it might have been the Vegas roll but not sure. They have good quality food that's delicious and has you craving more. Like I said best sushi Ive had and Ive eaten at lots of sushi places, if you haven't tried this place please do you wont be disappointed!
4	I find myself making more and more visits to this little gem of a sushi bar, which happens to be just around the corner from home.To be fair, my first visit was for takeout, and I was honestly not too impressed. It was enough to keep me away for a while, despite its favorable location. Of course, the first time I actually decided to dine in I was presently surprised by how friendly and devoted the chefs are to making some really great sushi and making your visit welcome.The lead chef, who always seems to be working when I stop by, has a great personality and a passion for finding some fresh fish options that you may not see at many places around town. His friendliness is so welcoming that every time I go in, I find myself drawn into a delightful conversation with him and the other customers sitting at the sushi bar.The real draw to this place is some really good sushi (not AYCE) and a really great host that is generous with some special offerings if you are up to the suggestion.
4	I loved the food here!  The sushi was very fresh. We had the 300, happy ending and another one with veggies that was just wonderful.  Also...had the peanut butter mochi for dessert.  Never had PB mochi before and it was really really good! I will definitely be back to this place! My only complaint was that the service was a little on the slow side, but other than that it was great!
4	not as good as it used to be. quality of the fish has downgraded a tad if you are looking for straight sashimi. but if you are looking for delicious rolls, this totally is the place to go!
5	In my opinion, this is one of the best places to get fresh fish in Vegas. Their sashimi is amazing and the sushi chefs go above and beyond their calling - always making efforts to get unique types of fish and ensuring that whatever they have is of the best quality. This is not an AYCE sushi joint and that is part of the reason I like it so much. At many AYCE places, the sushi becomes less special. The chefs often don't spend as much time on the rolls or don't put a whole lot of fish in the rolls. These guys make AMAZING rolls. The flavors are always different from what you will find at most sushi places in Vegas. Something about this place just makes me feel happy and comfortable and not rushed or bombarded with 900 different options for sushi. The wait staff is friendly and efficient. The sushi chefs are so talented and also extremely entertaining. Give this place a shot. You may spend more than you would at an AYCE restaurant, but it is worth it in freshness and flavor!
4	I'll just say it: there are better sushi restaurants in town. HOWEVER: (1) this place is closest to my house; and (2) they serve brown rice.  So, automatic four stars (yes, I am lazy and needlessly obsessed with blood glycemic levels.)Moving on from the disclaimer...Brown rice chirashi exists in this establishment.  Boom, I'm there.Also, they make a really great non-rice roll called Muchi Muchi.  It involves a sexy union of shrimp tempura and lettuce.  Boom, I'm there.Sometimes, however, the rice is a little hard, like it's been sitting around for 72 hours. At that point, a single tear rolls down my cheek......
1	because of good reviews, I went to this place with my friend.not too crowded on a Friday night. We thought we would try it, what a bad decision.ordered iced tea, got a sprite, took them a long time to bring our food, for that tiny little pieces, bit pricy. no all u can eat.      spent $70 for two people before tip, left hungry. was afriad to order more, didn't want to wait another 30 mins. so disappointed. went to Mc Donalds to satisfy hungry belly. never go back again.
4	I took a friend with me on the 14th of September and found few customers in the Restaurant. Only my second visit, my first was on a different day and was crowded.I ordered my favorite Hamachi and was disappointed with the flavor. It had a strange aftertaste I could not pinpoint but, the second order was more the normal. Both were not the usual and delicate sweetness. The stringed seaweed was outstanding, the  Mizo soup delicious and the dishes the waitress recommended to my friend were greatly enjoyed by him. With the present state of the Oceans and products taken from them; quality worldwide is not what it used to be. I refer to my experience dating between 2000 all the way back to 1969.Our waitress was extremely helpful, the environment clean and I will be back for another round of Hamachi and more very soon. Looking forward to a better cut and flavor next trip.
5	I love it here!! Try it and you'll be satisfied.
5	If you like sushi - this is a must GO place. You should ask for the specials because the head chef gets top of the shelf sushi from all over the world. Simply amazing food, service and great atmosphere
5	This is one of the best sushi places I have found in Vegas. The staff is attentive and sweet. The food and service deserves 5 stars for sure!
5	Every single time I return to this restaurant, it is always consistent, and great. The service is excellent and they are always extremely friendly. Last time my son and I came here we tried the Tempura Cheese Cake, which was a rich, delicious dessert. We, to say the least, devoured it.Even if the food wasn't as good as it is, I would go in just for the love all the staff shares! Thank you for caring about your guests!
5	This place is possibly the best sushi I've had in Vegas since moving here over 2 years ago.  First off, this place is not AYCE, and I don't care, they're worth every penny.  The quality of the fish I had tonight was superb, and the selection was impressive.  I didn't order any rolls, but the people at the sushi bar next to me did and they looked wonderful.  Another important thing to note is the knife skills here, each slice of fish they cut was almost identical, and they didn't over-rice the nigiri or hand rolls.  Overall, this place gets top marks in my books, and some of the sushi chefs around town could definitely come here for lessons.
5	Just start a conversation about where to find the best sushi in Vegas and there's a good chance that, before it's over, someone is going to get hurt. True sushi fanatics are as passionate about their favorite spot as they are about the sushi itself. Even if you manage to convince someone to try your favorite sushi joint, the experience is not likely going to convert them (unless they are a rookie or some AYCE dupe).Since we are just talking about raw fish here, then what is it exactly that makes people so devoted to their favorite place?  For me the answer is simple - it's the sushi chef.Suffice it to say I do not really have a favorite sushi restaurant, I actually have a favorite sushi chef and his name id Eddie. In fact, if I walk in and he's not there, I walk out (luckily he's almost always there).What makes Eddie the best sushi chef in Las Vegas? Of course he's friendly and conversational, but what actually makes Eddie the best is that he is obviously working way below his station. Eddie works in a quaint little joint at the edge of the valley where the prices are reasonable but the fish is incredibly fresh and you're bound to find something that you've never had before. Just leave your dining experience in Eddie's capable hands and you will not be disappointed.Great sushi is almost always the product of a great sushi chef, which is why Hokaido is as good as any place in town. Stop by and say hi to Eddie and I promise that the next time you start that sushi conversation, it won't be you that gets hurt.
5	All I gotta say is this place is awesome. I'm an outta towner that's curious about local scenes and found gold at this decent sushi place. Ladies and gent, this place is it. The ambience is awesome and the sushi chef actually converse and tries to cater sushi to your liking. The pricing is reasonable. Granted this place is not an AYCE, but excellent fresh sushi should be enjoyed in moderation and not in excess.Great place, great people, fresh fish and excellent ambience from the sushi chef. Highly recommend for anyone looking to experience sushi outside of the Strip.
5	I always try something new when I go here and I am never let down. The spicy garlic edamame is delicious. Gyoza's are great, we ordered a second one they were that good. Love this place!
1	Made a 20 minute trek from the Las Vegas Strip with my GF b/c of the Yelp review.  What a terrible mistake! I wish I can give this place a 0 star, but... We sat at the bar.  Place was less than 1/3 full.  It took about 50 minutes to get:  Amaebi; Salmon Martini; agadashi tofu; a bowl of steam rice (last 2 from kitchen), the rest of the order; Ikura; Hokaido Roll, Miso soup, etc.. was completely forgotten by the sushi guy and waitress... the food was mediocro at MOST!  I felt so BAD that I took my GF when we came up from So. Cal.  This is the abosolute WORST experience we both had.  In fact, we went back to our hotel room and I had to make instant noodle to round out my dinner!  This place SHOULD NOT be in business.  It's the MOST horrible experience, EVER!  For those of you that gave this dump more than 2 stars:  SHAME ON YOU for misleading people that rely on Yelp.  That is unless, you are used to eating dirt and scrubs in the desert of LV and honestly don't know any better!  For everyone else:  STAY AWAY!  you are better off... Well, with instant noodle with a bit of hot sauce.
1	It took 30 mins for 2 pieces of uni. The hell.. never again. And the place wasn't even busy.
3	I've only been here twice now and I think it's good but nothing too great.. And to be quite honest I think the portions and cuts are little on the smaller side..They have a huge specialty roll menu starting at around $9.. They also have lunch special bento boxes which is a plus.. We ordered salmon & chicken Katsu but they accidentally gave us beef instead of salmon.. They apologized and corrected the mistake.. Oh well, free teriyaki beef!... Too bad it was a bit on the chewy side..  Their spicy tuna is spicer than other places so be careful!!! Another thing I've noticed about this place is that the food takes a long time to come out...I'll probably be back again since its close to my house.. But like I said.. It was nothing too special for me..On the plus side: free green tea ;)))
5	This place is delicious!  Every sushi dish that we had was thoroughly enjoyed. The service is terrible!  But that can be overlooked because every dish is delicious
5	I love this place! Fresh fish!!! And amazing rolls. Try the seared salmon sushi!!! And JJ is a great sushi chef. He works Thursdays-Monday's =) the service is great as well. Didn't have to wait long for my food or drinks.
5	Hokaido simply kicks ass for sushi. We drove a darn good distance from the strip to try this place and we did not come away disappointed. This has to be my favorite sushi place in Vegas. Just super fresh fish, a sushi chef that was unafraid to recommend some simply great fish and a casual, chill atmosphere. What made Hokaido stand out was the Aji and Toro we had. Just super fresh and flavorful cuts of fish, meticulously prepared, and sushi rice was spot-on. We consulted the sushi chef several times and he had some excellent recommendations. My only regret was that they were out of Kohada when I was there. Oh well. Even more reason to go back!
2	A bit pricy for the small portions. Food came out slow, although restaurant was almost empty. The two waitress kept coming by our table about a dozen times after we had ordered, yet no food. And the quality of the food was just average at best.  The sushi and rice tasted a bit firm. We were not quite done with one of our rolls when the waitress insisted to take the plate away. I said we're still working on that last piece, and she suggested we can move that roll over to the other plate. WTH??  Menus were hard to read and we felt rushed to order and to finish, even though the restaurant was pretty much empty.  Will not be returning, there are better choices out there in the LV area.
5	so far this is my favorite regular sushi place. regular as in i may go once a week. it's not expensive, it's normal priced. fresh sushi.i've been craving okimo, and each time i've gone, they didn't have it. oh well, not going to dock them a star on that.
4	I was in Vegas for work and my co worker told me about Hokaido sushi and i'm sure he did. I thought the sushi overall was very tasty. I especially enjoyed the JJ special roll and the baked mussels. I took off a star due to the service, the waitress forgot to bring us menus and to place our order. I think she may have been new. I definitely would come back though.
4	Had the lobster roll, red mountain roll, and the Philadelphia roll. Pricey but everything tasted great! Would give 5 stars if they had ayce to save me a few bucks.
5	Sushi doesn't get better then this! This is the only sushi place we go to because every time we stray away to try new places I'm ALWAYS disappointed. This place has high quality sushi its always fresh and they have a wide variety of specialty rolls which is good for me because that's all I order. The service is top notch and the chefs are fast and friendly. Some of my favorite rolls include: What the hell rollLasagna rollThe bikini roll If your looking for great sushi and good service this is your spot. Warning they do not have ayce so the bill can get pretty high but like the saying goes you pay for what you get! Our bill is usually around 90 bucks which isn't bad at all it's worth every penny!
4	I really hate amending a review, especially when it means I have to take my rating down a notch or two. This place was my "little gem" on the west side - a delightful little sushi bar with exceptional food.The thing that made Hokaido Sushi so great was the sushi chef - Eddie, but he's gone now - and so is my love for this place. The chefs who remain do a marvelous job and the quality of the fish has not diminished one bit, but the magic is gone and the place just isn't the same.Now, please excuse me while I go over in the corner and have myself a little cry.
4	I went here last night with a local friend who also hadn't been before and found everything except one dish to be fantastic. I'll start with the outlier: the mango salmon roll tasted fine, but was bland. There, with that out of the way, on to the awesome. We were going to order fried tofu originally, but the helpful chaps behind the sushi bar steered us towards the house made tofu, which was delicious and had a nice consistency. After that arrived our sushi. Eel and yellowtail nigiri were both fresh and flavorful. The ultimate tuna roll, served over a light sauce, was decadent, and definitely the best dish of the night. The "monkey brain" my friend ordered, which thankfully was nothing like the images from an Indiana Jones movie that I conjured, was also terrific. We opted for some vanilla and strawberry mochi ice cream for dessert. My friend's sadness at them being out of vanilla turned to joy after we tried the chocolate peanut butter instead, which tasted a lot like a Reese's cup. Overall a really nice place with friendly staff and excellent food, and being located in a quieter neighborhood on the southwest side of the city is a nice respite from the bustle of the strip.
3	No All-U-Can-Eat, No Me-Come-Back.  Came for lunch and paid $17 for the sushi/sashimi combo.  Small miso soup, 6 pieces of sashimi & 4 standard pieces of sushi.  Aside from the very nice waitress, not impressed & still hungry.  Might as well go elsewhere for a $20 all-u-can-eat sushi lunch.
3	Sushi/sashimi was fine, not spectacular, although they have a very extensive menu of rolls and some rice free rolls, which is more up my alley.  Kind of pricey for what you get.  The special blue fin tuna sashimi, was $22.00 and I think we were served less than one ounce of fish. I've had blue fin at other good sushi places, got more and paid less.  Rip. No AYCE, but a Lunch Menu ranging $13- $16 is good for classic roll lovers that also want miso, salad, and rice included.
3	The BF and I and some friends went for dinner during their late night happy hour (starts at 10pm- 2am). Rolls were served 4 pieces to a order. We got salmon skin roll ($2.75) - decent,  but standard. I like the beet butterfly they did as garnish - pretty. Hawaiian roll (around $5.25) - pretty decent again, but standard. It has spicy tuna, wrapped in various fish with ponzu. It didnt seem happy hour was much of a deal generally, there were a few items on major discount. It can make for good variety since its half rolls but once you add up 2x orders its close to the normal roll price. Theres no happy hour menu or mention of it on their site, but its a select menu of alcohol, rolls, and some appetizers on special. The sake bombs were a good deal though, I believe $3.At this point we decide going with a dinner bento is probably best than going all happy hour.  We shared a 3 item combo -*Albacore sashimi (5pc) - it was pretty fresh actually,  no complaints there.*Tonkatsu - nicely crisp, it was a bit dry. *Spicy chicken - was Korean style with onions, zucchini, and chicken in a spicy sauce. It wasn't too spicy though but it was flavorful.  Miso soup and salad that comes with is again, decent but standard fare. Service was fairly decent. Its not bad but its not great. I would say it was all pretty average Americanized Japanese.  I think if thats what you were craving you can probably find a good meal here. I guess with the reviews I was expecting something more.
1	Poor customer service. I went there with four of my girlfriends and we each ordered four rolls. She mixed all of our rolls up on different plates so we had to figure out which was ours, grab our food from friends' plates, & figure out what else was missing. I asked her to please put our food separate from each others to ease the confusion and she said she did it to minimize out wait time so we could all eat together. Then we were missing rolls and she kept forgetting our food. Toward the end of our meal, we had our missing food but one friend noted and informed our server that she didnt get her "What The Hell" roll. We had two orders of that, one for her and one for my other friend. She never got hers but our server insisted she remembered bringing it out to us. We only got ONE of them. We were supposed to have TWO. So she said she would remove it from the receipt, again saying she remembered giving it. She gave us back the new receipt and again asked if we were sure we didn't get it, and again we said no. She gave us the updated receipt and left. Aside from that, there happy hour menu was limited & quite boring.Never coming back here again.
2	The sushi itself was pretty decent - nothing too extravagant. I went here with 4 girlfriends for happy hour which the pricing was great, but the number of rolls was disappointing. The main reason why I rated this place a 2 is the service.We asked if the rolls could be given together based on who ordered what. The server stated she was giving them to us on which ones came out first to avoid having us wait for our food, but I mean.. if we requested them to be served that way why not cater to your customers request? In any case, we ended up having to fish around other dishes to put our own orders together.As we were paying, the same server was arguing with one of my girlfriends about an order being served, but my friend did not receive the order.Overall.. The sushi was average. The service - well, I've experienced better.
4	Great sushi place for date nights. The staff was very friendly and attentive during our meal, always refilling our drinks and taking away empty plates in time. The prices are a bit on the expensive side but I wasn't disappointed with my meal. All in all, a great restaurant
5	I've been eating here with my son for 5 years.  The service isn't always perfect but it is the cleanest place, freshest fish, great presentation and tastes the best!   I've tried the places that have all you can eat for 25 bucks and to be honest it's usually not very clean and really doesn't taste all that great. AND for sushi you can't skimp on cleanliness and flavor!I guess if your a budget eater than you don't want to eat here.  8-12 bucks for a roll.  The garlic edamame is to-die-for!  If you haven't tried this place you should give it a try you may be surprised the difference in all the other sushi places.
4	No AYCE option. :( BUT the fish is extremely fresh. The freshest I've seen around town. The prices are a bit higher than other sushi places but that's ok with me if the quality is great. The staff is really nice and friendly. Definitely try this place out if you're looking for really fresh sashimi and sushi!
3	Not a fan of the sashimi/sushi but the rolls here are good. I would recommend this place if you like to order rolls but try elsewhere if you are a sashimi/nigiri person
4	Excellent Sushi.  Specifically the rolls were tasty and menu made it easy to pick rolls that were out of the ordinary.  Typically you read the description and cross your fingers but here you not only have a great description but a picture as well.Service was good and very friendly.  We will be back for sure!!
3	This place is not bad but they forgot my moms tempura udon soup. Everyone in the restaurant received there food except for my mom, especially the people that came after us and ordered received their food first. This place does not have a good customer service.
4	We came here probably 3 or 4 months ago and the bar was packed. The tables though were probably 1/4 occupied and the server told us that there was a 30-minute wait. In the end, since my bf was too hungry, we just left and went somewhere else. Yesterday was a different story. When we came in on a Saturday night, we were surprised that only 1 table was occupied. My bf was seated right away and I came in 10 minutes after. We tried the following: oyster shooters, hamachi kama, Bikini Roll, Red Rock Roll and Kiss my Ass Roll. We also tried some nigiris... Cajun Albacore, Hamachi, Super White Tuna and Maguro Tuna. The nigiris were good but not the best I've tasted. The Bikini and Red Rock rolls were delicious. Those two rolls were different. A must try when you visit Hokkaido. However, the Kiss my Ass was a disappointment. We did not like the gravy sauce that was drizzled on top of it. The hamachi Kama was decent size for the price and pretty good too.The service was good. The server was very attentive on refilling our drinks and giving me pickled ginger. Though I am not sure if I can say this if the restaurant was half full.
2	Used to be 4 stars now it went down over time. Sushi options are limited in this area. They used to do this beautiful fancy presentation of each sushi dish. It was unique and fun to look at the design. I always felt they were on the pricier side though. The last couple times I went here that presentation no longer exists. The nigiri sushi was PAPER thin and mainly rice. I've never seen sushi cut so thin. Rip off.
5	I got take out from this place because it was close to the rental that I was staying at. I ordered the seaweed salad, the vega-tempura roll, and a cucumber roll. There was a miscommunication with the order, which was totally my fault because she read it back to me on the phone and I wasn't paying attention. When I got there and realized my order was wrong, they were so nice and replaced it immediately! When I got home and ate my food it was amazing! So fresh and delicious. One of the best veggie rolls i've had in a while!
5	This place has excellent, high quality sushi. Everything from their appetizers to their specialty rolls! I loved the Dark Horse and Red Rock. Their salmon sashimi is also extremely fresh and tasty. Also, to top it off, the service is exceptional. We were there during happy hour and were extremely well taken care of. Tip: go during happy hour - 3 to 6 p.m.
4	We go here at least once a month. A good selection of interesting sushi. Late night happy hour starts at 10pm. 1/2 price on 1/2 size sushi, but it's the beer prices that make happy hour worth it.
1	I killed an ant on the counter after I got my check for my food.. I'll never go back I threw up after.. They served the most skimp ass salmon nigiri and salmon hand roll that I have ever seen. Really nice people just horrible food and I killed a big on their sushi bar.. I WILL NEVER GO BACK  if I could give 0 stars I would
4	Something wrong 69!  One of my favorite rolls at Hokaido.  I haven't eaten at the physical location recently, but we have had take out... & it's just as good.  It's pretty fresh for Las Vegas sushi.  Lots of rolls to choose from, sashimi, as well as the usual Japanese bento entree options: chicken/beef/salmon teriyaki, Katsu, taba shiyoyaki, etc.. Some of my favorites: Philly crunch,  the sweetheart roll, the Mexican roll, yellowtail and tuna sashimi, and of course something's wrong 69. It is not all you can eat.  I remember that it used to be, but I guess that's changed.  There are lots of appetizers to choose from... but the garlic edamame & gyoza are my 1st choices.  They offer combos- a good one is 19.95 for two choice rolls + a rainbow roll.  Good for two ppl.    The spot itself is not a big place, but there's lots of seating with booths and counter seating where you can of course watch the sushi chefs do work.  The waitresses are helpful...sometimes.  I only say sometimes because most of the time it's a translation game.  They are very attentive and polite though.  All in all, a good sushi place in the local area.
4	Driving by stopped in just for some take out, first time there. As I waited for my order I was offered water and edamame. Delicious food, prompt, excellent service . Definitely will be back
5	Good quality, the staff is nice, all the rolls I have tried have been great so far. Good happy hour menu
4	Every time I come here, I love it. The sushi rolls are good and they have cool pretentious names like "what the hell" and "who's your daddy" (I'm not gonna order a roll that's named "Jonathan" unless it's named after Jonathan Ogden). They also have a happy hour (cheap sushi, I'm in). Bento boxes for lunch are nice too. The only problem is they don't have all you can eat, but the prices are still reasonable, so I don't leave feeling like a fat whore.
4	This is our go-to sushi place. We love it in here--it's small, it's never loud, and the sushi is always fresh and delicious. The service is good--we've been here dozens of times, and we've never had a bad experience. The complimentary cucumber salad at the beginning of the meal is wonderful!We never do the 'happy hour' menu--let's get real, it's not really a happy hour as it's half the roll for half the price. We just order from the regular menu and stay happy :)
5	I love Hokaido.  A great neighbor restaurant!.  The service is always top notch!  I took my friend for a pre-concert dinner on Sunday.  We sat at the sushi bar and started off with Sapporos in frosty, ice cold mugs!  We ordered the Blue Fin Toro - melt in your mouth deliciousness.  We followed with I love my Ass, Hawaiian and Dark Horse - incredible sauces;  tasty fish - Awesome!
3	This is a typical/average sushi spot for Vegas..nothing special enough to require your attention or motivate you make it out here specifically, but the casual sushi eater (California Roll, Philadelphia Roll, Spicy Tuna, etc.) will have no problem enjoying themselves here.On the plus side the sushi chefs here are personable and fun.
4	The great thing about this place is the rolls!! There are so many different varieties. Also they have great oysters on a Friday night
4	The Stuffed Tomato roll is amazing. I go off menu and get the Seafood mixture from the roll and ask for it to be placed on a bed of chopped lettuce. A great light lunch.
5	Kid friendly. Ordered the munchkins chicken teriyaki bento boxes which included miso soup, fruit, salad and shrimp tempura. For desert they had green tea mochi ice cream. I ordered oysters. The size was too huge for my liking. I noticed oysters are deliciously creamy at a small to medium size. The oysters I had were huge and had a salty fish taste to it. The rest of my order included Salmon Belly, Toro, Red Snapper,  Salmon with yuzo kosho, yellow tail and yellow tail belly all as sushi/nigiri because it fits my budget. This meal was a treat from my dear sister Liza Calove. Thank you Liz.
3	Sushi was not bad. Wonderful service. Garlic edamame was delicious.  Thank you to Young for being so sweet and friendly even though we were a pain in the ass. She made me a custom spicy sauce and made no fuss when we had a disagreement on an order.  Thank you Young!
5	Love this place! Nothing is not good here! My first sashimi I ate here it's so good melts in your mouth. Their hot green tea is one of a kind!
4	Only have come here for their bento, not any rolls or nigiri, and they're delicious! There's a lot to choose from so that may be why the bento is a bit more expensive. However you find it more than reasonable after the taste. I took my little cousin here for lunch and she loved it more than most other Japanese places we've been to. Can't say anything about their sushi, but their bentos are great!
1	Spent about $22 for a take-out order for a salad and a roll. Salad was good but too small for $7 and the roll was "okay" for $12. Sadly waited 22 min for my order. When I called to speak to a manager the waitress answered and said during the lunch rush it takes longer between 20-30min. There was 3 other tables so I didn't see why. She then told me it was her fault she didn't tell me it would take that long because she originally said 10-15min.  She told me if I want to talk to the manager I need to call back later. No manager during the "lunch rush"? Weird.
5	Thank you to Christine, the manager and the staff of Hokkaido for making me such a wonderful lunch. I received a call from her letting me know she was aware of what happened and apologized and offered to comp me lunch today. I placed my order on the way there and she let me know the timeframe. I arrived and received my order shortly after. She was very nice and apologized again and my food is amazing!! She even called me after to check to make sure I was happy. Thank you Christine!!
4	Left an all day meeting, getting ready to go to the airport and was craving sushi so I did a Yelp search.  This restaurant was about a mile from my office. It was nice to find a sushi restaurant that is still open at 2 PM. Sushi restaurants are usually closed between 2-5 pm. I ordered two specialty rolls and a sea urchin sushi. The specialty rolls were good at about $12 each so it's average. The sea urchin was very expensive, $10 for two pieces.  The waitress told me it was "special" that it was flown in from Japan. However, it tasted just like the normal Sea urchin sushi I would get in any sushi place.  I will definitely go there again but not order the "special" sea urchin.
4	My boyfriend used to live near Hokaido, so when I mentioned I was craving sushi one evening but wanted a casual dinner.... he said he knew just the place and brought me to his go to sushi place.I really enjoyed Hokaido. It is a great neighborhood restaurant. When we arrived it was a lil before the dinner rush, so we were immediately seated at the bar.  We ordered large Sapporos to start the dinner off and they were severed in frosty ice cold mugs! We were then served a delicious cucumber salad while we made our sushi choices.  My boyfriend prefers sashimi and I prefer rolls, so he ordered the salmon and fatty tuna (which he said we delicious), and I ordered The Sweetheart Roll and The Dark Horse roll.  Everything was delicious! I would definitely recommend these two rolls- I will be ordering them again!The location is small, it wasn't loud, great atmosphere, and the sushi was fresh and delicious. The service was great, our waitress was very attentive and the chefs we so personable and fun, great casual conversation. I can't wait to go back!
3	This place was okay. If you want a quick casual sushi bar and it you happen to be hungry and nearby it will suffice.  I tried the Miso Soup which was standard.  Yakitori chicken was ok, nothing special.  The Japanese Lasagna is a creamy rich dish (Baked) Crab, Avo, cream cheese dish which piqed my curiosity.  It was a bit overpowering for my taste buds although I did see where they were trying to go with it. Overall, average sushi bar with nothing that really set it apart from the rest.
5	Me and my three frienda found this, leaving LV after our spring break weekend. The sushi was rather cheap, and tasted fantastic! Two of us wefe vegetarian, the owner madr several tasty rolls for us. We also got complementary japanese ice creams when we were done eating, so tasty! I'm not a sushi expert, but I love decent sushi amd this place was a great restaurant to end our break!!
2	Was not impressed. Stopped in for lunch with my little boy. Well, there were lots of adults in on their lunch break & I was the only one with a child, which was fine. Except, the waitress looked at us like she didn't want to seat us. Not a warm reception, actually the opposite. We sat down, but I ended up just ordering to go, because I was so uncomfortable. As I ordered drinks. She kept looking at him like we were in a dive bar & is just sat a baby...I mean c'mon...he is a as well behaved a 3.5 year old used to eating in fine dining restaurants , sushi restaurants etc......NOT a leper lady. Really, she shouldn't look at anyone like that.Arrived home, have to say I wasn't impressed. Bland miso soup, bland chicken (teriyaki for my son). My sashimi just did not taste fresh. I tried the tuna, it was funky & I tossed it :/ I tried my son's California roll as a result, and it was the usual but for a roll, I'd rather go for the fresh crab roll pre made a Glaziers over this. For what I received,  overpriced...had the fish & chicken been good, I would have felt it was on par.Positives were: They did pack everything nicely & didn't forget anything or mess up the order ( since I eventually ordered to-go). They even remembered the cutlery & soy sauce. It's the small things! :) The citrusy ginger side salad was as good as any lunch special Japanese side salad. The dressing was flavorful. So overall, just too lackluster.I'm giving them 2 stars for the fact that they did a good job packing the order, assembled it quickly and the salad was okay, they fulfilled the order quickly and that's about it. 1.5 stars from me...will never come back, too many choices near me that I prefer.
4	Always good lunch, excellent soup... Gooood  sushi. The reason for the missing star is restroom. Clean but cheap stuff... Doesnt have to be that way. Soap n paper towel is important!
5	Everyone is super nice super sweet!! They food is to die for!!! Everything in the menu is amazing
5	The BEST sushi in town!! We have been here once and I totally forgot to write a review about how amazing the place is.. But we are here now and again the service and food is amazing!! Our favorite here are the caterpillar roll, the sweetheart roll and the Japanese lasagna roll. Our waitress also remembered what we ordered last time after only being here once.. What a nice feeling!!
5	The best sushi Restaurant in town. Service is excellent and fast.
4	With moving to the other side of town, it was nice to find a new sushi spot near by. Service and rolls are great. Plus, they have a great happy hour that has options of 4-8 pieces. It gives you the option to try a lot of different rolls. All in all, it's a nice little spot and I've loved everything I've tried. Nice place as my last one was I Love Sushi.
1	Let me say I don't eat sushi. I am writing this for/as my husband. He is a HUGE fan so the first time he went to this place he was excited. He went about 30 minutes before closing time ( which could suck but still) and they refused to service him. About two months later he tried this place again, at an earlier time, during happy hour. Of course they wouldn't let him do happy hour if it was to go. Not only would they not let him do this but they were very very rude. If you run a business and you're food is awesome... That doesn't mean crap if your service is the worst. Don't go here. They are rude and disrespectful. Service sucks here!
4	We really enjoy this sushi spot close to home,  never a wait, good rolls, great ginger dressing salad. Favorite sushi spot for lunch or dinner with my husband or the family!!
5	Love their happy hour specials!  Their special fish of the day is always good. Shima Aji is great.  They have my favorite age dashi tofu as well.  Light and crisp coating with delicious broth.  Generous portions.
3	Just moved to this part of town so I drove around till I found a place to eat. I saw the sushi sign and decided to give it a try.          I ordered a few dishes, some unagi, a. Hawaiian roll, crunchy ebi roll, and hibachi rice. All of it in my opinion was pretty mediocre.  Not bad, not great, just average.      Having said that the venue is very clean, the waitresses were nice and very attentive. With lots of options to choose from on the menu.       The one thing that really bummed me out is there is no all you can eat sushi option, maybe I'm just a fatty, but I like to try a lot of different rolls. When they are $10 and up its tough to do that and the bill gets really expensive.       Anyways, if you haven't tried it yet I would say give it a go and see for youself, if you're an all you can eat kinda guy like me then save yourself a trip and skip out.
5	After today I realized, I've been eating mediocre sushi my whole life. This place is awesome!! The young guy making the sushi was friendly, informative, and a sushi pro. The toro tuna mouth watering and basically melted in my mouth. The halibut from Jeju and the spicy poke salad unforgettable. Loved the Korean beer and soju option also. I will definitely be going back. It's the best sushi I've ever had. *Ask for some fresh wasabi. So good!!
5	This place is by far the best sushi I've ever had still to this day, it's 5 mins from my house which is even better, I just wish they still had all you can eat. I don't know why they got rid of that in the first place. But awesome food !!
5	Love this place, it's about time I write a review because this is my third time here! it has happy hour everyday 2-5pm and 9pm-close. Ordered the miso soup and garlic edamame to start with, all delicious. Got Yellowtail sashimi, Alaskan roll, Paradise roll, Hawaiian roll, all on the happy hour menu, $8-$10 range for 8 pieces under the special rolls. For the classic roll we ordered Philadelphia roll $4.95. Among 4 of us this was plenty of food. We ended the meal with mochi, yummy! I'm going to be a regular here!
5	I've been to Hokaido twice for there late night happy hour that goes from 9 pm to close and I loved it! At that hour it's not too packed and the service is great everyone is very friendly and helpful. With the happy hour you get bogo sake!! Can't beat that! They have a delicious lasagna roll, usually I can't handle the richness of a lasagna roll but Hokaidos is on point! Pretty much everything I've tried there I've enjoyed. My friend also tells me that they serve fish heads, I don't think there on the menu and I've never tried them but she says they're delicious. Just in case your feeling adventurous.
