4	Wine very good,  service amazing and friendly, food inexpensive and tasty.  worth checking out.
4	I never knew this place existed. Three of my fabulous girlfriends and I decided on this place for dinner and it was a good choice. Cozy little spot where if you cannot find parking in the front, then you can park in the back and come thru the back door. It may seem weird, but believe me, it is much better than parking in the back and trucking it all the way around to the front to come thru the front door. We were seated immediately and the waiter brought us some water and some yummy for my tummy warm bread with a side of olive oil mixed with balsamic vinegar. One of my favorite combos. We ordered a bottle of wine that I am not even going to pretend to know what it was called but man it was pretty tasty. We then ordered antipasto, the arugula salad, meatballs, farmers pasta, chicken parmesan and another dish that escapes me but was wrapped in cheese, spinach, with marinara sauce. (What can you say, we were hungry and we were doing it family style) Very good. We did end up getting a free dessert which consisted of chocomisu and some cannoli. OMG! Not only was the food good but the dessert was just sinful!! Sinful I tell you. The only negative about the place was that service on the food was a little slow although it was pretty packed so I will take that into consideration. Luckily for us, one of the girls knew the owner and kind of mentioned it to him, needless to say he made sure we didn't wait any longer than we did and gave us the free dessert. Score!! I will definitely be back because the food was really good and I hear there happy hour is pretty decent too. Check them out if you are in the neighborhood.
3	02/11/10Haven't decided yet if I liked the ambience here...  Felt a bit awkward, but it probably had to do w/ the way the tables were rearranged to accommodate a large group of people that eventually arrived a few minutes before I left.  The fact that the door was left ajar struck me strange, as well, since it was still early February and so cold breezes kept me from finding comfort indoors.  Also, is it me, or do the exposed pipes seem not to fit in w/ the rest of the decor?  Hmm...As far as the food I tried, I really liked the complimentary bread, which was made from pizza crust and brushed w/ garlic butter.  Their caesar salad was very good, too, and nicely-priced during happy hour!  Thank goodness these two items hit the mark, because the happy hour fettucine alfredo was a bust-- I found the alfredo cream sauce too runny for my taste.  And speaking of taste, this dish was too bland for me; You'll find yourself heaping spoonfuls of parmesan cheese to add flavor to this entree.  I wasn't the least bit concerned, though.  I just had the pasta boxed and contented myself w/ the delicious salad and crusty pizza bread!  I hope to visit again soon to order more of the salad and try something else from the menu!
4	Sincerely impressed with this little strip mall Italian joint. Service was excellent. Perfectly times meal with great suggestions from the staff. The spicy shrimp app with polenta was as advertised, very spicy and outstanding. I've had the seafood pasta special, the lasagna and the meatballs. All were above average. They have a nice little wine list and their by the glass selections are stored and served at the proper temp. Menu prices are very resonable. I plan on being here a lot. So should you.
4	It is unusual for me to arrange an event at a location I have never been to but on the advice of a friend I threw caution to the wind and was glad I did. The staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable about their wines. They were able to connect the guests with the wines they were likely to enjoy just by asking a few questions, something some wine bars are not able to do. I had the prosciutto and arugula pizza which was just fantastic, their crust was not too thick and not too thin which was perfect for this former New Yorker. I went back a few weeks later and enjoyed the Rondelle Four Cheese, which is pasta sheets rolled with mozzarella, fontina, blue cheese, Parmesan and spinach and baked in tomato sauce, absolute heaven. My friend had the chicken parm which is basic but their sauce is so good you don't notice that its something as simple as chicken parm. Also try the farmers pasta, you can't go wrong with sausage, chicken and fire roasted peppers. I will absolutely be back!
1	Do not waste your money in this restaurant!! My family and I went to Grapes tonight based on the reviews that were written here, and honestly I have no idea why everyone rated this place so highly. Four stars?? Really?? First of all it took about 10 minutes for anyone to acknowledge the fact that we had entered the restaurant. After being seated next to the front window it was gross to turn around and see the front window full of bugs crawling around trying to find their way out. Close the door, tis the season for insects!! Gross. Now, for the food...there was nothing good about the food. This place is below average, starting from the half burnt pizza bread that we had to ask for several times to the Osso Bucco that my husband had. The Shrimp Fra Diavalo was bad, and by bad I don't mean prepared badly I mean the shrimp was bad! My Chicken Limone was below average, and even my children were not crazy about the Spaghetti Bolognese they had. I have to say this was an all around disappointment and waste of money, I would be surprised to see this restaurant still in business next year.
4	Went there for a date night. Great Pizza and pasta. The only reason I don't give it another star is because the crust on the pizza was a little burnt. But the staff was friendly our waitress set up our dessert to share in a romantic setting. Great place to go for a date prices aren't bad during happy hour other wise kind of pricey. For dessert go for the canoli!
2	I was completely unimpressed with Grapes. I had a penne dish with marinara sauce, sausages and chicken. The sauce was so bland that you can open a jar from Safeway and find more flavor. I also had veal piccata which I thought was very disappointing. It seemed like both dishes were missing a couple ingredients that would have given them more taste. I truly believe that if I had a cook off with the chef I could find recipes for the same entrees and could cook two better dishes. The service was good and I do like the atmosphere there, so hopefully they will find a new chef and the restaurant will improve.
4	I went there last friday with a few friends and have to say it was great. I love the ambience and the staff was very friendly. They have great happy hour with a wide selection of drinks & food on the happy hour menu. It's unique hidden treasure you should try!
4	I probably go to this place every 3-4 weeks, usually for happy hour.  Why it's not more crowded is beyond me, but I'm OK with that.  They have a great happy hour wine and beer offering, but I go for the arugula salad.  I literally get it every time I go. EVERY time:  it's that good.  My only gripe is that the portions are ridiculously inconsistent, so sometimes I'm thrilled with the salad and full afterwards, while other times it's no bigger than a side salad.  Very odd.It's always the same bartender working and she's so nice and always remembers me, knowing to order my salad without even asking.  The warm bread they serve straight out of the pizza oven is to die for, a must try in my opinion.  I take new people every time I go and they all say the same thing:  I love this place, I had no idea this was here.Yet another little Scottsdale gem to share....
4	Delicioso! No, really. Everything. Salads, bread, pasta, and oh, the salmon. Tasty tirimisu. House wines are generously proportioned at $6 a glass, but they have an extensive wine menu to suit every taste.Decor is old Hollywood speakeasy. I loved it.There's a great deal right now at http://www.citydeals.com/deals-merchant-Grapes-Italian-Restaurant--Wine-Bar-Scottsdale-AZ-LOC23352783.html?id=2783Lacking that fifth star because I oppose the veal industry and many of their dishes are veal based. It's a cruel delicacy. I don't get it at all.
4	Definitely put Grapes in the delicious category.  Will return to sample other items.  Both the food and service were very nice.  All we had was a Caprese salad and a pizza, but went home very satisfied.   Oh, and wine ... don't forget the wine.   The restaurant has quite a bit of charm inside and you are surrounded by wine bottles on the walls.
1	I would have given Grapes a zero rating if I could.  My wife and I ate there Thursday night.  She ordered the fish, I had the fettuccini with sausage and chicken.  Naturally we ate a bit off of each others plates.Not long after dinner I felt a little sick and later that evening both my wife and I were really sick.  Lasted two days.  We could still go to work, but wearing running shoes was a must, if you know what I mean.I called the manager Saturday morning to tell them about our experience.  Here's a lesson in customer service.  Rather than telling me that you sold out of the fish and the pasta that night, and that no one else got sick, why not apologize.  If I were running this place, I would have said sorry and meant it, I would have refunded the cost of the meal ($41), and I would have sincerely asked for a second chance.  That I would have accepted.  Instead, Grapes has lost a customer for life.  Neither my wife nor I will ever eat here again.  And I will be sure to tell all of my contacts about my experience.  BTW, statistics show that a satisfied customer will tell about 40 people in total, a dissatisfied customer will tell 250.  And those stats reflect word of mouth not internet.Think of the math.  If we ate there twice a month, that would have been about $100 per month, less the cost of food and overhead.  That's about $2,400 per year, multiplied by the number of personal contacts who will listen to what I tell them about my experience.  And to add to it, I was considering having my new business kick-off celebration at Grapes.  About $2,000 for this one time event.  The restaurant business is tough.  Cranky customers (yeh, maybe me being one of them), long hours, food issues, hiring/firing employees, etc.  Tons and tons of headaches.  Why add to the problem.Grapes could have handled this much better.  I tell my employees, everyone makes mistakes, that's human.  It's how you handle the mistakes that count.  Better to offer a sincere apology and mean it, and request a second chance.  Handled correctly, who wouldn't give someone a second chance.While I don't like what happened, had Grapes handled this professionally, they may have retained a customer, perhaps for life.  Gotta run, if you know what I mean.Grant
5	A small intimate restaurant in Scottsdale. We were there in February with friends. The staff recognized my friends from a previous visit. The Waiter reminded my friends of the wine they tried and also the food even though it had been only one other visit and a whole month past. That is amazing! Even though they were busy, we felt very appreciated and the food and wine were excellent. It you want a place where you will be treated like a special guest. This is it. I want people to be nice to me when I go out. Two thumbs up!
5	I heart Grapes!  The food is amazing, the servers are attentive, and super knowledgable....perhaps a little too knowledgable.  I got a disertation on german wines so long I think I actually lost consciousness for a few minutes, from one of the servers.  To date, I haven't met anyone else with such extensive wine knowledge.  During peak hours, they do seem to attract a more mature crowd here, not that it's bad thing, probably just more of a North Scottsdale thing.  And did I mention I always get compliments on my shoes?  That alone is worth the trip.
3	I like the atmosphere and the service was very good, especially the bartender! However I found the food to be just ok. I had the veal picatta and it was a tad bland! I had to add quite a bit of salt to it to make it flavorful.  I also had the halibut and they were a bit skimpy with the capers.  Not a bad place but not a great place either!
1	Closed by Health Department
1	Giving this restaurant one star is being kind. My party of 8 had a horrible experience there last New Year's Eve. To spare you of some of the details and make a very long story short I'll just say this:This service was the worst I've ever seen. We had a reservation. We watched a table of 8 be seated after us, served their meal, and dessert before we got our food. My brother's Caesar salad had one crouton. We waited over and hour and 20 minutes for our entrees and when they still had not come we questioned the manager. He never once apologized or tried to accommodate us, he basically said, "tough." Our waitress did not once acknowledge us during our hour+ wait. I cannot comment on the food because we ended up walking out (something I've never done before), which is too bad b/c I guess it is suppose to be very good. My Father said it best as we paid for our drinks and walked out, "I"m not giving you another dime." I've never been treated so poorly in a restaurant before!
4	My husband and I have been to this restaurant quite a few times and every time we leave, we're glad we went.  They always have good, friendly service and good food.  I like the fact that they have a nice wine selection with unique choices you don't see at other places.  I hope it's around for a while and continues to remain high in quality and service.
5	You may not think of Italian in Scottsdale, but if you miss this place you should skip your trip altogether. The food is straight from southern Italy and family run, greeted by the mother and served by the son, a meal worth flying in for.Jon/Lindsay - the 6:45 reservation that showed up an hour early just to get some home made gnocchi and penne vodka with salmon
