2	Most modern airports have a pretty decent selection of restaurants.  Most modern airports look absolutely identical as well, as their selection consists entirely of the exact same chains.  At least here you can get a halfway decent bagel (either with cream cheese or as a breakfast sandwich), along with a drink, and it's not too bad, as this chain isn't found everywhere you look.
2	airports love to do one thing, kick your ass.i bought a mediocre bagel sandwich for $7.50 at the great american bagel bakery while waiting for my flight from charlotte, nc to san francisco, ca.sad thing is, i would have had to pay $7 for a meal on us airways. but that's another yelp review all together.
4	Can we say PIZZA BAGEL!!!!!! YUM!!!!Ok so I have not had a pizza bagel in years and as soon as I walked past here I knew what my dinner was going to be.  I only had about 15 min in between flights so I was not able to sit down and enjoy the entire feel of this restaurant but I got it to go.So as I was reading the menu and my eyes landed on Chicken Park...I thought "that is like a Pizza Bagel with chicken....SCORE" Yes, i actually thought that =)I went with the Chicken Parm and it was messy as all get out but so worth having sauce drip from the sides of my mouth and killing 5,232 napkins =)  So gooooood!!  It was piping hot when I opened it so I had to let it sit for a moment and during that moment I swear the kid across from me was starring at me as if I had drool all over my chin.  Ok, Ok maybe there was drool on my chin =)The bagel was amazingly fresh and chewy on the inside but a lovely golden brown on the outside.  They did not skimp on the cheese either and it was melted to perfection.  I think I finished the huge bagel delight in under 2 min =)  More reason for people to stare haha.It was a lovely treat in a lovely airport, I was very pleased!!!
4	I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE bagels!!! So whenever I see them available I'm always giving it a try. This place had an awesome selection, but my VERY favorite is the Everything bagel. I was a bit skeptical about the bagel because everything bagels are either hit or miss. I can't understand how a everything bagel is supposed to be everything but is missing salt (I HATE when there is no salt). I thought that they hit me with the okie doke because I couldn't visibly see the salt included, however when I bit into it I tasted it (awesome)!!! The only downfall is that I asked for cream cheese and it wasn't spread evenly. Ok, I admit I'm picky but don't just clump my cream cheese on my bagel. If I'm ever in the airport again I'd definitely give them another try.
2	The Great American Bagels are not very great considering they specialize in bagels. And $7 for a basic not so fresh turkey bagel sandwich seems kind of steep.Next time, I'm going to Concourse C to try the bagel place across from Sbarros.
3	On my way to Chicago, my layover lead me to the Charlotte, North Carolina airport. With just a short amount of time and somewhat overwhelmed at the size and bustle of the airport, chose the most reasonably priced and yet optimal opportunity of enjoyment in a hurry. I decided to go with the Tomazzo Pizza Bagel, which was not on display but was "retrieved" for me. In my haste to return to my appropriate gate, delayed the time in which to eat my meal. By the time I did eat it, 32,000 feet in the air, 30 mins later, it was cold and probably not as good as it would have been warm and fresh out of the oven. Nonetheless, served its purpose and was a satisfying choice at the NC airport.
3	If you're in a rush and want a tasty bagel sandwich then I highly recommend this place. I gave it three stars just cuz I've got limited experiences with it. The staff was very quick and friendly with their service and my veggie bagel was great. It was about parr with pricing as far as airport food goes.  So swing on by if you're in concours b and have yourself a merry little bagel meal!!!
3	This place looked great as did the menu.  On a layover at the airport, my wife and I decided to grab a breakfast bagel here.It was okay, but did not match our expectations.  We had omlette bagels.  Eh . . .
3	Slick & quick.Average bagels at an average price.Not bad, really, for airport food.
3	I'm gonna give this 3 stars, only because I didn't like the pepperoni pizza bagel I had. I thought it tasted nasty. But that's just one of many available options and if I happen to be in Charlotte airport, I might try something else from here. The staff was pleasant and informative.Kinda mad expensive for "bagels" but then again, it's in an airport, you know?
1	If you're hungry and you want a good breakfast sandwich with egg whites, turkey sausage, hot temperature and something that tastes like food...Do not go here.  Worse food I've had since castor oil...
1	"excuse me, miss, half of that bagel you just scarfed down over the line (first ew) and then didn't wash your hands after eating (second ew) is still on your face"well, that's what I would have said, if she had given me the opportunity to answer more than "what do you want" and "what do you want on it" before moving on to the next customer. luckily, the in the heat of a morning rush dishwasher-turned-prep cook had already thrown my bagel on (to a toaster cranked to such a high speed to "accommodate" the line it barely warmed by carbness) and I picked up my jelly from the cashier so the mess of an employee didn't need to touch it.a couple of breakfast bagel concoction options (if you want it on asiago instead of a plain bagel, $1 more) and strawberry or regular (both full-fat) cream cheese. (really? you're a bagel place and only have two cream cheese options?)not the greatest way to start your morning - and after you wait forever to place your order, you then have to stand in a long line at the self service coffee station. a lot of places to sit in the morning, though, since the brewery is fairly slow then.
1	Very disappointing.  Ordered Chx Parm sandwich.  Service was pretty quick, waited only a couple minutes.  But it was so hot I couldn't eat it- and when eating at an airport I didn't have much time before my flight was boarding.  In addition to being scorching hot, it was also just a mess with the sauce and cheese.  And the to go bag did not include utensils so I tried to tear off a few pieces but between the temp and being so messy most went in the trash.  A shame because it could have been a  great sandwich.
3	Good cheap choice for quick breakfast in the run through the airport.
1	Bad cashier bad bad bad! We all know airport customers are always in a run, sleep deprived, hungry and most likely just want to fill up their belly. So here I was deciding a bagel for lunch to eat on the flight. Bagel sandwich makers were nice and swift but the cashier didn't even look at me in the eye and took my money. Gave me a check, didn't say a word and gave me a bagel. Really? A five year old could do a better job.
4	I thought it was pretty decent for airport food. You can grab the premade stuff or get something custom, and on a layover I got one of the Chicken Parmigiano ones on the Tomazzo bread. It was a pretty darn good sandwich and I got a delish cookie to go with it. Lots of staff working hard to get through the line quickly and friendly cashier who reminded me that chocolate melts in the same bag next to a hot sandwich, which was actually a smart thing for her to point out for me since I was throwing things together. It was carby and I felt fat after, but it was tasty and I would have felt worse eating fried chicken and biscuits next door. They do regular bread sandwiches if bagels aren't your thing too or fresh salads where to pick the fixins. Not too shabby, layover dinner!
1	EH not so great! $15 for 4 bagels. Not worth it it my opinion. I guess, maybe its an east coast...or everything but the West coast thing? Or just in airport since they know u have a limited amount and time and jack up all the prices on crappy food???  I have no idea. But i love my bagels. I could eat bagels for each meal of the day. Yes, that's how much. So lemme tell u what iiiiiii think.I ordered 4 asiago bagels toasted with plan cream cheese. Easy order. Nothing fancy. But definitely not worth $15!!!! Wat the heck! If I had more time, and had not waited in a long line, I woulda wanted my money back!  I have paid $2 for a little bit smaller bagel in downtown SJ, by my old college, in a shop that was probably the size of a small studio apartment with 2 tiny lil ovens....and despite all that... it tasted way better and I would totally pick it hands down, anyday!The "great" american bagel bakery...more like great fail.
3	after a red-eye from phx to charlotte (connecting to jamaica), we were famished and this was the only thing open in the charlotte airport. usual high-priced items and not quite enough, but it was tasty enough to satisfy until we arrived at the all-inclusive glutton fest.
3	Grabbed a bagel breakfast sandwich from here when nothing else in the airport was open very early. Egg and cheese on an everything bagel.....I have to say it hit the spot at the time. Despite the early hour the ladies behind the counter were friendly. They had just finished making some bagel pizzas which looked pretty darn good too coming out of the oven.
4	Bagels are a little pricey but taste makes up for it. Fast service
3	I go here almost every time I depart from CLT and pick up a caesar salad on a "bagel". The bagel isn't a bagel, it's a poor excuse for one that's essentially bread. Overall, the sandwich is tasty, although after looking at the nutrition, I will now think twice about getting this. The bagels that you order are decent, especially for an airport. Service is alright, usually above average. Prices are what you would expect an airport--expensive, expensive, expensive.Note: I go to the GABB in Terminal B.
3	Got off a red eye flight after a good nights sleep. it was about 7am. I was hungry, but that's nothing new if you know me.  Had a 2 hour layover (ugh!), but even if you're in a rush the service was pretty quick. Grabbed an egg, cheese and ham bagel sandwich. It was early and it hit the spot. The bagel kind of surprised me. Not too thick and tough. It was light, crisp, and easy to bite into. It was soft. Oh how the coffee blows. Go to Starbucks down the way.Impressive view of the sunset coming up over the airfield on this rainy morning. Sit by the floor to ceiling window. Life could be worse.
3	I had their breakfast bagel and it was pretty good.
3	It's a bagel place. In an airport. In North Carolina. If you want an authentic bagel, catch a plane to Manhattan.Generally speaking, these aren't bagels, they're bread-flavored donuts.
3	Pretty good...a little pricey though.
3	Fine stop to grab a bagel to take on your flight. Service was fast, although strictly business. Why charge an extra $1 for an asiago bagel? 1) Because they can, 2) Because airport restaurants like inflating prices. Overall, good bagel to feed my on-the-go tummy.
3	This bagel store is a lifesaver! They are located in Charlotte, NC airport...which is usually my connect spot on my flights from ATL to NYC...Its not just breakfast...They serve anything on a bagel...They are very quick...assembly style...you place your order...by the time you get to register and pay...youre order is ready...I really enjoy the ham and cheese on sesame bagel....ummm...yummy...place is clean...staff is friendly...and prices still cheaper than NYC!!!
2	I ordered a breakfast sandwich here before catching a flight to Puerto Rico. Overall it wasn't too bad, but really lacked flavor. My wife ordered soup and even though it was  pre-made it took about ten minutes to serve. It didn't really look like the people who work there knew what they are supposed to do. Chaos. I'll try something else the next time I fly through Charlotte.
3	Bagel was okay. Service was fine. Meh.
2	Doesn't hold a bagel to Einstein's.
2	Just an average bagel place.
2	This is a difficult review, because I had one of the best salads ever at this place, but it was also one of the most disgusting places I have ever been into. I ventured over to TGABB after walking through the terminal at Charlotte Douglas looking for anything remotely health to eat. After struggling to find something, not thinking a bagel place would do it, I noticed that TGABB also makes fresh salads. I ordered the greek, and they make it right in front of me with all of my requested items on it. It was fresh and tasty!Now, I go to pay and am afraid to put down my handbag because the counter is dirty, and then I go to the condiment area to get a straw and napkins and my feet are sticking to the floor. YUCK! There were no seats available so myself, and two co-workers sit at the end of someone else's table. I was afraid for my suitcase and bag to be on the floor, but had no where else for them. My suitcase has rolled through LaGuardia and it doesn't get any worse than that, so certainly my case can handle this floor. So, I deduct stars for the hot mess of a place it was, and then add a star for the delish and fresh salad.
3	I was really impressed by this bagel option at CLT.  Granted CLT seems to have an Einstein Bagels everywhere, but this one offers a more interesting food option.  The sandwich was very good. But I felt for the folks behind the counter who were friendly, but because it was New Years Day, looked like they were pulling a double shift.I ordered the Turkey bagel.  It was very good, had a fair amount of meat on it and the bagel stood up to the toasting. All pluses in my book.
3	Very pleasant people. All very friendly. I had a sunrise with a cinnamon bagel. It was okay. The bagel was much larger than the egg, cheese, and sausage that came with it. Not proportional at all. The bagel itself was okay. It was lightly toasted but the bagel wasn't soft. The ingredients felt like they got it from McDonald's. It's not a bad place to get some breakfast food. Probably cheaper than other alternatives in the airport but still expensive for a bagel. I wouldn't mind coming here again.
1	Tammy, the person taking orders here, is one of the worst human beings to interact with. No need to go into detail, but I am sure if her manager observed her behavior for 5 minutes, he/she would agree with all the customers that she should not have a job in the customer service industryGreat asiago bagel though!
1	I came here on my early morning flight to NY. The line was long and I wanted a good bagel. I waited in the like and ordered bagel and coffee. I had one bite of the bagel and wanted to spit it out. Go somewhere else for a good bagel.
4	Everything bagel with bacon, egg, and cheese hit the spot!  Bagel had good flavor consistency.
1	Extraordinarily rude employees that treat you like you've done something wrong. "Bagels" only to those who don't know what bagels are.
1	I'll start out by saying that my review might be a bit harsh since I'm a huge bagel fanatic. I live in New York City, where bagels are made with magic and love. So for this place to use the word BAGEL and GREATEST in the the name... was BOLD!!!!This bagel was mediocre at best. I didn't even finish it. I was so appalled. Who do they think they are??!!?!
1	The employees here are all business, no time for pleasantries, and you had better have an answer right away to their questions or they get very annoyed.  I wanted to add something to my bagel but was urgently herded to the cash register before I could talk to the lady making my bagel.  Maybe they just aren't morning people.  The plus side is  that makes the line move quickly. I ordered the Carolina Sunrise (egg, cheddar, bacon) on a cheddar herb bagel.  It looked kind of flat when I opened it up and on the first bite I got a mouthful of dough - The bagel was not cooked all the way through!  I wish I had taken a picture. The eggs are standard plasticky bagel eggs.  You are better off going anywhere else.
4	Food is made to order for the most part (eggs were precooked).  Hot, fast breakfast that tasted pretty good. Surprisingly fast turnaround as well.
1	Bad Bagels (if you can call them that), rude staff and inflated stadium prices because you are trapped with limited options. How is it that I can get a better sandwich in the Philly Airport (a real city) for way less money at Au Bon Pain and the staff is friendly also?  I have tried multiple times thinking my last experience was an exception and I am always left disappointed. Keep your money, stay hungry and wait until you get to your destination.
2	Food is decent, but nothing special. Service is quick but they are not friendly.  They mumbled their questions and got irritated when you didn't answer right away. I had to keep asking them to repeat what they said. The majority of customers sitting in their dining room were actually customers from the chicken place next door... wished I had gone there; it looked so good.
4	At 6 am there are very few options for breakfast in Terminal D. I was pleasantly surprised at how good my bagel was! I would totally eat here again!
1	Employees are rude, expect you to know their secret bagel language when ordering.  I understand it can get busy at times, but please realize I am giving you money and if I ask a question, it does not deserve a "foreign language remark to your coworker", yeah I understand the Pakistani Urdu language insults, you racist dumb wits.
1	Very disappointing. At 9:30 in the morning they were out of all breakfast sandwiches. I ordered tea. They handed me hot water and pointed to the "selection". No black tea of any kind - only decaf fruit teas. They said "oh sorry - we are out of that". I asked for a toasted bagel with butter. Got a barely toasted bagel with margarine. Nasty. And no sincerity or apologies from management. Skip this place and go to the bakery down the other hallway.
1	Airport food.  Overpriced, soggy, not very good ham and cheese bagel.  Blech...waste of my money.
3	Food was okay.... I got the chicken Caesar on Asiago...The sandwich maker seemed to busy doing something to notice me, but there was no one in front of me... Then she said hi, but it was another minute till she took my order... The sandwich came faster then expected but then waited for the male cashier to cash me out... He seemed to be busy but, again, with what is a mystery. I got paid and got out... No one said have a nice day or anything of that sort...The bagel was okay... But it was cold and reminded me of SubWay... Just on a bagel... It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't that great. It's good if you have a short lay over, but don't like great customer service and you don't really have taste buds either... If your in Terminal E and are looking for a place to eat make a right towards the main terminal, avoid terminal D, it's a food-barren desert.... I just ran into the dead end and had to get something... It's a 2.5 star... Unfortunately I have to round up.
1	I don't normally post rants.... but this place is f***ing filthy.  FILTH.  EVERYWHERE.  It seriously looks like someone had a food fight in here, and I'm not sure they should even be serving food legally.  Every piece of upholstery is torn, every table is dirty, and there's trash everywhere.  Hey owner... how about you take at least 2% responsibility for your establishment?  Maybe it's Popeye's fault, but you should probably hold yourself to a higher standard than Popeye's.
1	Meh.  I had the jalapeno breakfast bagel.  I agree with another poster in that this sandwich had no flavor.  The ham was tasteless.  The sandwich came out flat.  They have some nice looking toppings.  When I asked for jalapeno and tomato on my bagel they said sure, 79 cents for each.  Kidding me?  Nope.  This would have pushed the sandwich over $8, but that isn't the point.  Point is the sandwich was bad and they nickle and dime customers.  So I took coffee business elsewhere and went to starbucks across the way instead of buying it here.  Won't return.
1	Wow. Two words that should never be associated with this place: "Great" and "American". Most definitely the worst bagel sandwich I've ever had in my life and absolutely nothing American about it. I was so hungry when my flight landed and a bacon egg & cheese on an asiago bagel sounded like the perfect breakfast snack before my connecting flight. Turns out I payed $9 for a Walmart quality bagel topped with a soggy yellow sponge, a rubber circle that looked like it should have been sausage, and a slice of cheese that I would have had a hard time giving to my dog. It was a struggle to even put half of the thing down my throat. Next time I'll settle for the squished granola bar at the bottom of my carry-on.
