5	Game has always been last port of call for my violent and antisocial needs. First tends to be any independant gaming shop within easy reach, and second is Gamestation, which despite being the same company as Game, almost always seems to have better deals.I was delighted to find on today's visit then, that Game is taking the incentive and lowering their prices a bit, and I got a fantastic bargain of the recently released Yakuza 3 for only 20 bucks. Now I can vent out my sociopathic desires in the safety of my own home, and can cancel my plans of returning to the St James' tomorrow armed to the teeth with hand grenades.
3	This isn't the largest branch of game, but they still have a good range of games, consoles and other accessories. Like Gavin, game isn't my first choice when it comes to buying computer games but this one seems to offer  better selection than most despite it's small size.The pre-owned games are what it's all about here and if you're lucky you might pick up a game you've been looking for for a while at a bargain price. It's still doesn't have as much charm as independant stores and overall is a-okay.
4	I always go through phases when it comes to games. Sometimes I am totally addicted to the likes of Super Mario, The Legend of Zelda and Maro kart, but sometimes I couldn't think of anything I'd want to do less.It's a love hate thing, it loves me, i hate it...But to be fair, Game is a good place for those phases where I love it. It's got all the games you could want.The staff are very knowledgeable and sincere, they want you to get what you want. They have a good deal too where you can trade in games, for a good price!!
5	Game is, unlike Gavin, my first port of call when I am looking for games. It seems that Gamestation tend to have better 'special offers', whilst Game has overall cheaper prices. When you are buying a console like a PS3 or an Xbox 360, the best bet would be to check out both and have a little browse at online shops too, as the prices can vary very much and you can make a great saving if you are patient.In terms of this particular branch, it is actually pretty small, but they do fit a great amount into it and have a good range of first and second hand items. Me and my flatmates picked up a couple of pre-owned Xbox 360 controllers from here and they were pretty cheap and have worked a treat so far. They also have a good range of games and if they don't, it's always worth asking a member of staff because sometimes the new items that have been traded in haven't been put out on the shelves yet.
