2	I was SO excited about this location opening up so close to where I live, as I practically grew up on Chipotle (starting back in 2000 in San Diego). My first opportunity, I made an order online and picked-up on my way to class. However, I was a little let down.First, my online order was not ready at the designated time, despite it not being busy. Someone just dropped the ball. Oh well, slightly annoying, but forgivable as there was no one else in line and I could oversee the construction of my bowl.The fajita mix (peppers and onions) looked a little old and over-cooked. It happens sometimes and I figured that I just got there after a lull. No biggie. When it came time to leave, there was confusion about how to use the system, as it was a pre-paid online order. It took about a minute to clear up, but was thinking that for a brand-new location the staff should be better trained. Still, I calmed myself and ran through my imaginative happy place where Chipotle guacamole runs in rivers and their salty-lemony chips grow on trees.However, the the final let down arrived when I started eating the barbacoa bowl. The barbacoa was rather dry and clumped together--immune to even repeated stabbings and twistings with a fork. Nothing could de-tangle it. I had to eat it more like meat on a stick style, which was actually a  little bit of a turn off and made for a unsatisfied Chipotle experience.Put together, I was let down. I was expecting more for a brand new location. Perhaps the staff needs more time to get into the groove of things and maybe Chipotle should step up their training program a bit too.I'll be back again soon to see how things have progressed, but please don't let me down again! My heart (and stomach) just couldn't handle it.
5	I love everything about this place. The burrito bowl with guacamole feels a bit expensive, but when I want fast food without feeling fat, this is the place. Not only is the food perfect, the vibe is awesome. I'm not sure how they do it, but Chipolte makes me feel glad to be alive. Maybe it's the unfinished wood, the music, or employees who actually seem happy.I experienced a hiccup when I ordered over the phone, however. I was rushing to work and wanted to pick up some Chipotle. The food wasn't ready when I arrived 15 minutes later. They wanted to make it on the spot, but I didn't have time to wait. They made it up to me by providing a free bowl another day after I called to ask what happened.
4	Its a bit overwhelming how many fast food burrito chains exist and what really sets them apart. Moes you get free chips, Qdoba has really good rice and Chipotle is apparently all organic? I am all for organic so I had to check them out. When I arrived the line was nearly out the door but the service moved at a steady pace. I got a chicken burrito with everything in it, including guac. I swear it weighed three pounds which had me wondering if I could finish it, but in the end I destroyed it. I am not sure if it was the organicness or some sort of organic placebo effect but I did not feel nasty full. The burrito also tasted much fresher than the other two burrito chains mentioned. What really decided the four star rating though was the guac, I LOVE chunky guac and I was coming up with quarter sized pieces of avocado NOM.
4	Chipotle is always a great place to go. I am visiting Charlotte for a conference and the vegetarian options aren't that vast, so go with what you know. I have been there three times.The staff is one of the best I have encountered. Only one complaint, the music was a bit too loud.
4	In an effort to start eating healthier, we opted to go to Chipotle today to satisfy our craving for a burrito.First of all, they have an iPhone app you can order directly off of,  with their full menu -  toppings & chips & drink offerings. You can choose to pay on the app or pay inside the restaruant. Already I was a happy girl!They gave us a 20 minute pickup time.  When we arrived, people started piling in.  Lucky enough, they have two spaces reserved for iPhone, online & fax orders. Another plus!  When my boyfriend went inside at 1:15 PM, they were finishing up our order, he paid & came right back out. Yes, another plus!When we got home (about a 15 minute drive), our burritos were still hot inside the foil Yum! My chicken burrito with fajita mix and tomatillo green salsa was delicious. The chicken was seasoned just right & the fajita vegetables season was spicy. And the chips...crisp & flavorful, with the lime & salt. The guacamole was fresh & not mushy. Other notes: Not a huge place, but they do have a nice patio area with ample seating. Boyfriend said the employees were nice & the inside was clean. The prices do seem a bit high.The biggest plus of all: eating the burrito & half the bag of chips, I didn't feel fat & yucky!
3	It's really great to see Midtown getting some more love. While much of it is filled with chains, it's still progress. And I like progress. Situated next to Vitamin World is this new Chipotle. The resto is chock full of clean and shiny tables, smiley employees and swift service. The offerings are typical of other Chipotles - burritos, tacos, burrito bowls, quesadillas, fountain beverages, etc. Yes, they charge for guacamole like all the other Chipotles. But hey, they do say that their focus is on "food with integrity," and that's pretty cool for a fast-ish food chain. The side patio is nice to grab a seat and take in some fresh area while you mow down your burrito of choice. There aren't any sweet views from the patio, but hey, outside is outside in CLT.
3	Nice to see another Chipotle pop up in the area. There's no shortage of traffic on Charlottetown Ave....This place is a little larger than typical chipotle setups.... Line starts on the left instead of right and the inside still has the industrial feel.  The tables are laid out with high counter stools and a couple of regular height tables.Patio area is pretty killer.  Good place to do some people watching.Staff is super nice... You could kind of tell they are still training but no huge mistakes.  Everything is clean and makes for a solid, predictable experience every time.
4	At first, I'll admit I held a grudge against Chipotle for not having queso. Finally one day I asked "WHY NO QUESO?! WHY??" The employee responded by telling me Chipolte strives to have fresh (locally sourced if possible) ingredients. After I let my hankering' for queso go, I started to truly appreciate how superior Chipolte was to other burrito chains in terms of quality.I've been to a few all over Charlotte, but I think the staff here is the best. I really love that most Chipotle's are open until 10pm!!Thumbs up for being "fast food" and vegetarian friendly. Veggie burrito is just as big and filling as the carnivore options. I dig the Roasted Chili-Corn Salsa with just a bit of the hot Tomatillo-Red Chili Salsa on my burrito.
4	I have been a Chipotle fan since the good ol' days when there were only two Chipotles and they were both in Denver. Amen. I smuggled their bulging burritos in my carry-on on long flights between DIA and Logan in between semesters... But I digress. And I'm dating myself. Alas, I am thankful that the chained-up version of Chipotle is strikingly similar to the original. Truly. And while it could have gone el-cheapo and sourced questionable ingredients from more questionable sources, their business model is founded on securing the freshest ingredients possible - and getting meats raised humanely without antibiotics and hormones. Word. That being said, I still order vegetarian, but this is the one fast-food place I will take my kiddos. Chipotle is very kid friendly, perfect for a quick snack, or a big dinner. It is great as an eat-in meal or takeout in a large brown paper bag. If you are pressed for time, order online. This spot has five prime parking spots right by the front door for online or fax orders. This location is busy, but I never seem to stand in line for too long and my meal(s) are prepared super quick. My personal favorite ... vegetarian burrito bowl made with brown cilantro lime rice, black beans and fajita veggies, mild salsa, medium corn salsa, and a little bit of spicy hot salsa, shredded cheese, lettuce, and, of course, guacamole. Delicious. It takes me two meals to finish it. Portions are huge! Bonus for me ... easy to order gluten-free for me and my girls. The boys and hubs can get a burrito as big as their heads and we all are happy campers. Well fed, happy campers.
4	I got take out here once, and my order was ready, pronto. Went straight to the pick up line. Quick, professional, and not amatuers here. Very nice!
4	Chipotle takes the cake for me.  I like Chipotle better than Moes or Salsaritas for two reasons:   the spice on the chicken and the white rice.  (They also have brown rice but I am addicted to the flavor of the white!!)  All of the rest is normal - different heats of salsa and the usual toppings.  I always get the burrito bowl - the friendly folks that work there will walk you through the ordering process in case you are a newbie :-)Most Chipotles sell beer - yay!!  This location is still working on getting its permits to sell it.  (Remember the 'Noon' Rule here in NC).  This location is located on the corner of Central across the street from Target.  It is a small location with a patio and tables outside.
4	Believe or not my first visit came just the other week.  Everyone raves about Chipotle and I too can see why.  Is it my favorite? Probably not.  I'm a Moe's fan really when it comes to burritos.  They do have great fresh ingredients and the staff is as kind and friendly as any you will find though. This location I imagine can be a bit of trouble getting in and out of considering it's location is on a busy corner with the MET across the street.
4	Chipotle has quickly become a staple for my roommate and i on indecisive dinner nights or hangover sundays.  while still a chain, they have avoided the manufactured taste by constantly offering fresh ingredients.personally, nothing quite hits the spot like a steak burrito bowl and the ample servings leave me hard pressed to finish.the midtown location is quaint, but feels like it has more of a carry-out vibe to it.
4	Well, let's just keep the Chipotle train goin'! Nothing but great things to say about the staff at this joint, the always stellar burrito, burrito bowl, salad, and anything with copious amount of guac. Never a complaint to be found from this side when it comes to the menu. I will, however, say that the access for this location is simply atrocious. Good luck gaining entrance into the pygmy-style parking lot they have going on here....ever. Unless you're coming from Elizabeth on Charlottetowne or from Dilworth/Myers Park on Kings, you're screwed. Only two entrances to be found. Take your pick, do a U-turn if need be, THEN commence enjoyment.
5	Been here MANY, MANY times, in fact, I might go here in a few minutes.  This is slowly becoming my new favorite burrito spot.  For me, its the steak that makes the difference taste-wise.  Their steak is very juicy and succulent, and has almost a smokey/grilled flavor it to it.   Their service is usually pretty good.  Although I feel the employees sometimes go too far out of their way to speak and/or joke with you - which I don't mind, but sometimes its excessive.  Otherwise the service is good and they are more than willing to accommodate whatever your specific burrito needs are.There is usually ample parking and easy access from whichever entrance you choose (that's what she said ;-)).  The inside, though sometimes crowded, is usually clean enough to stay and eat, if you like.  Friends tell me the bowls and salads are good as well, but I am yet to try either.  I always run the burrito - steak, peppers and onions, plenty of cheese, sour cream and guac, with hot salsa -  NOW that's good eating folks!(The previous review was written in loving honor of Cinco De Mayo...)
5	What's no to love about Chipotle? Everything is good all the time!
4	Love visiting this place when going to classes at CPCC on central campus.  The food is great and always quick service.  They have a nice outdoor sitting area.  I enjoy the steak burrito while the wife always gets a bowl, and the spices have always been just right for me.  Not too spicy but enough flavor to give a little kick..  The best part of this location is walking over to the Cherry Berry in the Metropolitan Shopping center for desert.
5	Since my first visit to Chipotle maybe six weeks ago, I have been numerous times.  Service is very fast and the food is freshly made the way you like it.  The wraps are huge and will fill you to capacity (not me, I could only eat ate half).  I love the salad as it is, again, made the way you like it.  I am anxiously awaiting a Chipotle restaurant in  the Northern part of Charlotte.  They just have not made it up this far as yet.  So, when I am near downtown or in South Charlotte, I am always up to eat at Chipotle.  Umm Umm good! It's like Salsarita's only better!
5	Big fan of Chipotle as it is much better than any Moe's or Qdoba I have visited. This location is great; service is quick and friendly, food is delicious. As with most Chipotle locations, seating is limited for those not taking it to-go.
2	I love chipotle but this one kind of sucks. Sure I came in late, but an hour before closing everything was shut down. They had no chips or guac and the remaining rice was hard and undercooked. Maybe it's fine in the middle of the day but everyone working here was more concerned with closing procedures than dealing with the lengthening line. Again I would have understood if I came in 3 mins before closing, but I was handed my burrito in a to go bag and the hint was definitely to get out!
4	I absolutely love this place not just because their environmentally friendly and because most of the vegetables and dairy products are hormone and pesticide free!!! But because its good healthy fast food especially when your in a hurry the prices are reasonable and the workers are friendly !
2	The silver burrito looks good but has let me down for the final time.The more I have visited Chipotle over the years the more I realize how lazy they have gotten with their one-item menu. There meat and salsa have become so bland you're almost better cooking your own at home with some marinade.Many competitors have popped up over the years that are not Mexican food joints but direct "burrito only" type competitors and have given Chopotle a run for their money. While I don't see them going out of business any time soon, they sure need to get their act together. With the recent reveal of almost an entire GMO menu, I have one more reason besides flavor to never return.Goodbye Chipotle, for good.
4	Yummy, yummy Chipotle.They are not stingy with their fillings, and everything seems fresh. The workers are also very nice.I like their outdoor seating option. It's nice to feel a good breeze, with the warmth of the sun, all while eating a delicious burrito.
5	Chipotle. Rocks. My. World.My staple order:  chicken burrito (or bowl depending if I feel "civilized") with brown rice, black beans.  I don't know if I've ever strayed from my ultimate topping combo... pico de gallo (the chopped tomato mild sauce), a little hot sauce, corn, sour cream, and cheese.  Can you say PERFECT?!!  The guacamole also rocks, although it costs extra.  I also throw in the sauteed peppers/onions when I do the bowl.You can't go wrong...chipotle heaven.As far as service, always friendly considering how busy this place can get.  The line can literally be to the door during peak hours.  The price you pay for heaven I guess.  However, they always seem well staffed and the line moves faster than you would think possible.And last, but certainly not least.  Patron margaritas?!  This must be a recent addition because I only noticed the sign today.  Nothing like a cold margarita (or beer) to go with my burrito... Keep up the good work!!
4	Food is always consistently good. Friendly staff. I ordered chicken bowl to go and it was made quickly and well. Big portions for good prices. Will definitely continue trying it out for lunch again.
5	I've always enjoyed Chipotle. It's fresh, hot, employees have been friendly and efficient, and the ingredients are good stuff. I get the chicken bowls for the most part with hot salsa, corn salsa and grilled veggies with brown rice. It's so satisfying and if you get it to go, it still tastes good if you don't get to it for about 30 mins.  They also offer beer and margaritas if you eatin in.
4	Great meal!  Could do a better job of spreading out guac and sour cream but overall tasty.  Great staff, very friendly!
2	1st time there. I didn't appreciate being rushed. The staff had a nonchalant attitude. Get u in Get u out. Food is ok. Nothing special.
4	This is a great place for Sunday lunch. The location is in the center of midtown, a happening place to be!  You can easily walk, in less than 3 minutes, to Target, Best Buy, Trader Joe's, Vitamin Shoppe, and many more places.  The food at Chipotle is always great and the service is always top rate.  Although I will say that I went in to eat a few weeks ago and the manager was doing business paperwork on the tables in the dining room area.  Not a great place to conduct managerial duties of paperwork completion.   Especially when you are taking up valuable real estate in the dining room!!  So, they do no have queso here because it is processed.  It would be great to find a queso that is able to be manufactured without harsh stabilizing chemicals, but this certainly doesn't take away from the fantastic menu options currently available.  The outside patio area is great for dogs and people alike.  There are select tables with umbrellas, so arrive prior to busy hour to reserve your shaded table.   There is a mattress store beside of Chipotle, so if you eat too much then you can go "test mattresses" in a nicely cooled and comfortable mattress store!  Ha!!  Enjoy your experience!
