5	OK I live in Hawaii and ever other restaurant is a Japanese restaurant but it came to coming to Litch Frickin Field Park to find Takamatsu. Great lunch specials, great service and great AC. I had the bulgogi lunch special for a whopping $7 that included salad, soup and a huge portion of bulgogi on rice. My brother had the tempura lunch special which was HUGE for about $7. I don't know how they make any money here. The waitresses are the best and not hard on the eyes.
5	It was the best Asian restaurant I have ever tasted in a very long time.  I'm native Arizonan and always loved Asian restaurants.  I ordered a lunch entree - chicken.  I like trying new things.  Service good.  It had very small portions (maybe a few tablespoons) of different vegetables on the side.  I was afraid to try lymchee (I hope I spelled that right) because it looks very spicy, it wasn't.  Delish!  There were other delicious vegetables, too.  It had 3 sushi rolls too, also very good.  The chicken was grilled and served over cabbage.  M-m-m-m, good!  Served with sticky rice, excellent..  Price, just right!  By the way, it's on Dunlap and 43rd Ave crossstreet.
5	Great atmosphere & authentic Korean style food.  Haven't tried the sushi yet, but the Korean BBQ is awesome!  5 stars.
4	I have to say that I absolutely LOVE this place, At first I was afraid to go there because of its location (stuffed between a couple run down stores) not the best looking on the outside, But my husband went for lunch one day and was raving about it so I had to go. We ordered the Bulgogi to share which come on a bed of onions with bowls of rice on the side and a couple california rolls, our check usually is in the $40 range with just soda to drink. also you get a bowl of miso soup after you arrive which is delicious! Ive also tried the "fried tofu" which is an app. and thats ehhh not bad but not a whole lot of flavor to it. there is another one that I love,cant think of the name but its pretty much chicken on a stick over a bed of cabbage with a wonderful sauce which is also an app. I would have given this place 5 stars but im cheap and I like a cheap meal! If you havent gone already you need to go :)
3	Very average, but convenient Korean/sushi place. i am usually skeptical about the authenticity of restaurants that combine regional foods. This place is ok. Their bulgogi is very flavorful, but a little greasy. You get a TON of it which is good for tomorrow's lunch. It's also nice that it comes with soup. Salmon teriyaki, also decent but didn't wow me, nicely looked but not over cooked. Sushi is very standard but not unfresh like some places. Service is average, although they do split the checks up, awesome if you go with a group. Recommended for fast, hearty Asian lunch.
3	I have eaten here several times and am usually very pleased with everything about it. I had the opportunity to stop in again yesterday to get a take out order and noticed as I walked in the "Help Wanted" sign. I was greeted immediately and was given a menu to order off of. It was after I ordered that I noticed the problem. I sat at the bar for the next 30 minutes waiting for my order to be brought to me. I was given the bill and no one returned to take the payment until a different waitress brought me my food. I looked around the place and for being lunch time they weren't too bad. 3 of the 8 tables were being used. I am at loss as to why the chefs were unable to produce the food in a timely manner. I would recommend that if you are planning to do a "to go order" to call it in a head of time. I will say though that the food was as good as I remembered. I had the great pleasure of living in Okinawa and have been to Japan several times and this does indeed remind me of the authentic Japanese food from when I was there. Just wish they could serve it sooner.
1	The only thing that is ok here is the bulgogi.  I'm half-Korean and nothing here impressed me.  The sushi is not good at all.  The rice is gummy and the fish has no real flavor.  I heard so many people from Luke AFB saying this place was awesome, but I wouldn't try it again.
4	It looks like it would be a hole-in-the-wall joint but it was quiet nice inside. Daeji-bulgoki lunch was yum!!! Will come back again when I return to LukeAFB.
4	Lunch specials are the best. Ben-to boxes for $7, teriyaki chicken for $5. Not a huge joint and can be pretty crowded during lunch time (next to Luke AFB) so you will see mostly military men and women taking a break from their everyday duties. Dinner prices are a bit more but the portions get bigger. Sushi is OK. I really only come here for the Korean food. Spicy chicken or pork bulgogi is best! They have different bar specials too depending on the day of the week.
4	For once, the rumors were true! This place has great lunch specials :) My total bill with drink included came to $11.00. I've paid more for 1 roll at other places!I had the chicken breast teriyaki Bento box special for around $7. That included miso soup, teriyaki chicken, little bit of salad (I didn't need any more), rice, 2 California rolls (they were OK) & 2 other little goodies, maybe wontons. Oddly I can't remember what they were, but I do remember eating them, lol. If you are more into thigh than breast meat you can get the same thing for $5! The place was not at all crowded when I was there, but the seating approach was kind of spastic. Some people were greeted when they walked in & asked where they'd like to sit, and then others were not! Once I had my hiney on a chair, service was great. I'll definitely be back to try some of the other dishes :)
3	I had a pleasant, well-prepared Alaska Roll (like a CA roll but with salmon as well)--no gummy rice or flavorless fish when I went there, so maybe they've changed the sushi chef. The Bento box choices looked good too; I'll be back to try one of them. The interior belies the very shabby strip-mall exterior and makes for a classy ambiance. Service friendly and quick.
4	I just went back and had the Kal Bi (marinated flanken style beef ribs) bento lunch box.  It was very good, so I'm upgrading my rating to four stars.
5	Love this place!  Was in phoenix 3 weeks for work.  Ate here 3 times.  The squid salad is amazing!  They also have sushi, bibimbap, and tons of other items.  Must try!
5	This place is great! Very small lil hole in the wall right outside Luke afb. I always get the beef bulgoki, I don't know how other menu items compare but the bulgoki is phenomenal!You get a lot of beef, 2 big scoop of rice, 4 sides...not sure what they are called. They are all veggies but I only eat one and make hubby eat the rest w/o touching mine. They are really yummy almost pickled carrots?Seems like I only go for dinner and that portion is about $13. Its poppin' for lunch though with uniforms all over the place.They offer military discount and always tell me they deducted it, but I'm not so sure.A must if you like tasty food!
5	Love this place. Great food, sushi is awsome and for a dive great authentic feel.
3	I stopped in yesterday with my boyfriend for the first time. The reason I gave it three stars is:A: They had a sign at the door that said no sushi for a week. I understand people need to go on vacations but hence the idea of a japanese sushi bar... sushi.B. So instead of fulfilling my craving for sushi, I resorted to the Teriyaki chicken. I've eaten tons of Teriyaki and having lived in Japan.. this tasted like they soaked it in some shoyu, ginger and maybe a hint of sugar.I'm definitely not a big fan of this place, but I'm willing to give it another try for their sushi.
4	The first time I went into Takamatsu, I was unable to review it because the sushi chef had LEFT. That certainly did not make a good first impression, but life and emergencies happen so I wanted to give the benefit of the doubt.The outside of Takamatsu is not much to look at. If not for generally positive reviews I'd seen, I would have been leery to even try it. The inside is clean, if a bit dark. There was one family inside dining - again, not a great sign at 6 PM.  I make my way to the sushi bar and am cordially greeted quickly by the chef. The server took my drink order and was professional if not overly pleasant.The prices seemed fair across the board except for the sashimi which was quite high. I ordered the salmon skin handroll and the tuna handroll.  After placing my order, I was promptly handed a cucumber and crab salad which was fresh and a pleasant surprise. Right as I pushed aside the salad, miso soup was presented by the server and was hot and delicious. I was impressed by how much you are given even with a small order.The handroll contained an adequate amount of fish, and the taste was very good. It didn't blow me away, but rated fresh and well put-together.One more surprise awaited me after I finished - an apple quarter to cleanse the palate. I will be back and would not hesitate to bring friends and introduce them to the hole in the wall sushi joint that exceeds expectations. I just hope the sushi chef is there when I do.
3	We have lunch and dinner there and we have enjoyed it almost every time.  We have had two instances where we were truly unhappy with the food.  Once they forgot about us and we left with to go boxes of cold food.  The service has always been given with happy faces and good atitudes.  Over all it's a good place to eat!!
3	3 stars, I would give them 5 stars how EVER! We pulled up last night (new years eve) and we were greeted by locked doors it was only 7:15. I could see a couple eating at the bar. I called the store on 42ave and they said that the store I'm standing in front of would be open until 9:00 p.m.  I informed them that the store was locked, he said give him 5 minutes and he would call over.  Less then a minute a little asian lady opened the door and said "sometimes the lock sticks" (BULLSHIT).[NEG HITS]1. Locked doors trying to turn away people on new years so they could party.2. Like so many other reviews about the Sushi chef going home...he was MIA last night as well.  They said he wasn't feeling well, so he went home. (BULLSHIT)[POS HITS]I ordered the Bolgolgi (Beef).  I asked for them to make it HOT (SPICY) they spared no peppers for me, it was insanely hot, and I ate ever last bit of it and wanted to lick the plate, but she took it before I could.  The Miso soup was off the chain, i've never had it taste so good before, and they smacked it out of the park.The kimchii was cut to small, couldn't really wrap the kimchii around the rice, so I just ate it out right.This was my first time hitting this store by the base, I ALWAYS go to the one on 42nd and Dunlap.  I will never go back to this store, I'll stick with the other store. food was great, but they are more interested in the night off.
4	Not the top place in the area, but certainly not the worst, either. I think this is the only place they have Japanese beer on tap. That right there is worth 4 stars, already. Servers are excellent: friendly, courteous and quick. We've been here at least 4 times. The first time we were there, we quickly learned to never order the sukiyaki. But, we greatly enjoyed their nigiri, sashimi and rolls. So, the other times we have been there to eat, we just stuck with the sushi menu and of course, Japanese draft beer. The service was always excellent, no complaints at all. Once we ordered a sushi boat and everything they gave us were very good. I would go back again.
4	this is our favorite sushi spot in the west valley. great happy hour! and my little sister tells me the quail eggs are delicious (she's braver than i am). i've had most of the sushi rolls (love the marilyn mon-roll), the tempura vegetables, udon noodles, stuffed jalepenos. they also have this amazing drink - the ultimate gin and tonic. it's gin, infused with rose petals and cucumber, and tonic and it's delicious. kid friendly, inexpensive, craving smashing, yummy sushi spot! never too busy, large patio - can't really go wrong.
4	Bento boxes here are the best, the bi bim bap, but not the sushi.  But I will come here again!
2	Stopped in for lunch on a Sunday at 11:00am only to discover they don't open until 12:00pm. We went and killed time for an hour until they did open.Got the menu and discovered they did not have a lunch menu on the weekend so we were forced to order very expensive items from the dinner menu. We then discovered they don't serve Sushi until 4:00pm which is odd for a Sushi Restaurant.Also, I asked what a dish was (Katsu Don) as their menu didn't describe it as I am used to eating it and she had no idea what it was and said "don't order that no one likes it". I had to wonder...then why is it on the menu?She never came by and refilled our iced tea so we ate half our meal with no drinks.The Beef Bulgogi was good and my son said the Teriyaki Chicken was just ok. My wife said the same about her Yakisoba.Was not impressed for the amount we had to pay to eat lunch. No one else came in the whole time we were there so I don't know why they are charging dinner prices for lunch customers.
4	Tried this place again for lunch during the week so I could order off the lunch menu and it was a better experieince. The Beef Bulgogi Bento Box was very good and the price was better than we paid eating here on a weekend.Will go again but only during the weekday lunch menu.
4	Been here a few times and the Sushi is fresh and amazing!. My husband had the spicy yellowtail roll and I had the Las Vegas roll. Both were very good. Saki bombs. YUM! The beef bulgogi is also very good. Gyoza appetizer is Yummy! Love the decor in this place. Its calming. TV's inside. Nice big bar as you walk in. On my visits the staff was always friendly and service was good. The only downer is ordering take-out on the phone from this place. (which Ive also done) Just a heads up; You really need to know exactly what you want before ordering and make sure you go over the order with them before heading down there. or better yet, just go in and sit down and eat.. :)
5	Amazing, authentic, the real Korean deal.  Spoken from someone who lived in Korea for a year, this places bulgoki is epic!
4	I can't wait to go back and try their sushi.  I did enjoy the dish I ordered (see pictures) and it was my first attempt of korean food outside of BBQ.  The Kimchee was spicy but I still want more.  The waitress was very friendly and helpful.  I let her know it was my first time trying real korean food and helped me figure out what i would like best and tips on how to set up my plate.So I had a beer, some soup, some dinner and watched football.  Too bad I was too full to order dessert.
3	Tried a couple items off their menu... Started with the seaweed salad which was flavored well. The udon was very yummy with the seafood, not too fishy and the noodles were cooked well, not too soft like I experience at most places. We also had the Korean BBq which is definitely worth trying but as I recall it was a little pricey for the quantity. Didn't try the Sushi yet, maybe next time. We went on a Wednesday night and were the only ones in the whole restaurant :( It's a nice restaurant but I think its just a little hard to find, located in a poorly lit strip mall (we went at night). Will be back!
5	Love the Bulgoki(sp). Wish I actually lived a little closer so I could eat as much as I wanted. Lunch specials are great, but there dinner menu is also very good.
1	My wife use to work there, they don't wash their hands, they use expired sauces from a FEW years back and treat their staff like animals, the food tastes good but if you get a stomach ache after, you know why. Here's a tip, don't eat the salad
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. I always get the spicy pork and it never disappoints! This dish is shareable between two people and it comes with little korean sides that are SO YUMMY. Better yet... They always come by and refill them! (free of change HOW NICE) Our waitress was also nice enough to offer extra rice or miso soup. the bi bim bap was also a good tasting dish! I got it in the stone pot.. the rice was so crispy and yummy. In all, the food here is great! and satisfies my korean hunger!This place maybe better than many california joints I have visited. It saddens me that this place has such sucky location! More people need to come here and try this place!
4	I've had Takamatsu's bookmarked since I moved to AZ a couple of months ago. Over the weekend, I finally got to try it out and boy was it an experienced.We walked in for lunch on Saturday. It was pretty empty. The waitress was really friendly and took our order right away. We had the seaweed salad, spicy beef bulgogi and the pork katsu with two large Sapporo's to wash it down with. The seaweed salad was fresh and tasty. A pretty good portion size too.The pork katsu was good. It was a bit bland for my taste though. Another downside to the katsu, I found a plastic cap? in my dish . That was dissatisfying. The waitress said it must've accidentally come off the sauce jar. They apologized and didn't charge me for my liter Sapporo's though, so it wasn't that bad. The spicy beef bulgogi is probably the best bulgogi I've ever had. It was the beau's dish, so I had to sneak in my bites. It was also a pretty large portion, so it could have been easily been shared. Despite my plastic cap experience, I'd give Takamatsu another shot just for the bulgogi goodness alone.
5	This is one of the best Japanese Korean restaurants I've been to since living in those countries. Thank God there's finally good Korean in the far west valley!
5	Amazing! I come here at least once a month and its always consistently great. I spent a year in Korea and the bugolgi here is just as great!
4	After visiting the Wildlife World Zoo & Aquarium we found the nearest Korean restaurant.  We previously had lunch at Takamatsu in Phoenix so we were hoping this location would have the same type of food. Their lunch menu was not as extensive as other location.  Started off with fried calamari, which had good flavor.   We ordered spicy pork and Kalbi bento boxes.  Spicy pork was very tasty.  Kalbi had great flavor; however, a couple of pieces had a little too much fat on it.   Overall good service and good food.
3	Takamatsu is one of my favorite restaurants, i love their food but the service today was not good. We basically asked for everything, no one checked on us unless we call them. I understand that today is valentines day, it was busy, they should add more staff.
3	This funny looking little hole in the wall  is in a deserted strip mall directly across from Luke AFB - I pulled into the parking lot feeling skeptical.  However, I walked into this place and was happily, pleasantly surprised by the welcoming staff and the smell of bbq'ing Korean food! YES! The menu offers some of the most popular Japanese favorites as well as a fair amount of Korean comfort dishes.  I had the salmon bento box lunch special, my mom had the spicy pork bento box.  The gyoza were tasty and crispy on the bottom while the accompanying california rolls were alright.  My salmon was quite yummy, but my mom complained that the pork was not spicy at all.This place has an extensive bar menu and completely stocked bar.  I'll definitely be back for happy hour!
3	Decent sushi. My sodas tasted  gross to carbonated or something. The sushi was decent for the price, the Korean food is great.
5	After the sale of the Chandler location I was forced to look elsewhere for my Korean BBQ fix. I am very particular about my Korean food and Takamatsu on Dunlap/43Ave is my new go to place. If your looking for the "real deal", Cook on the table, Banchan side dishes, Fast paced, Drink like a fish Experience ... This is your place!!!That said, the Glendale location is the complete opposite, slow paced, quiet, no table cooking, but thankfully a full bar.  I popped in for the first time on a Friday night, and while the place was near full, I could almost hear a pin drop. Luckily Richard appeared out of nowhere because I was heading for the door.Rather than wait for a table we decided to take over the completely empty Sushi Bar. Surprise, surprise, surprise ... this was the highlight of the evening. The new sushi chef, Mimi, has some skills, and better yet ... some personality. My wife is from Osaka, famous for small neighborhood foodie joints, we both agreed Mimi was able to capture that vibe. She also knows the art of putting different unique sauces on select fish. We rarely felt the need to dip into the obligatory soy sauce & wasabi. (Which, by the way,  you only do in Japan if the fish is old and the sushi chef authorizes its use)While we also sampled some Korean food and it was tasty, I suggest you head over to the Sushi Bar and engage Mimi for some ... Omakase!!!
5	"Were Back"100 mile round trip just to visit this small restaurant ... You Betcha!This time we met our friend Mike there, solo at the Sushi Bar when we arrived.It's Wednesday and the pace is much slower, but not for Mimi & Kay as they are the only feet on the floor. We ordered "Omakasi" (This means the chef decides)Mimi paraded plate after plate of fresh Nigiri Sushi, most did not require any additional dipping. Nice! There is no doubt about it, the quality of the fish at this location is giant step above the other Takamatsu's and any of those "all you can eat" Sushi joints in town. Pricing is very reasonable.We also ordered a Kalbi to share, very tasty, as were all the Banchan side dishes. Mimi informed us she works daily and besides running the Sushi Bar she is responsible for kitchen prep and yes she makes the Banchan. "No time for a boyfriend."Meanwhile Kay kept the Sake Bombers flowing, along with running the bar, tables & the "to go" orders. Damn these girls work hard. I noticed a "servers wanted sign" on the door. Good luck finding someone who can keep up with this lot. I love this place, their even open for lunch, I would be in there weekly ... if only we lived closer.
3	So, you're new to town and you are in a really sketchy area and you see what appears to be a bar and you go inside for a quick drink.  Inside, there are stereotypically middle American types:  men with cowboy or baseball hats; there's country music playing in the background; there are some hot chicks walking around, but most of the women are as overweight and roughly dressed as their male companions.  You might  feel uncomfortable, especially with the guys, who look like they're with a motorcycle gang, with their bellies hanging over their belts and looking like they can tear you in half for not knowing the difference between a Harley Davidson and a Tonka.  You look at the bar, where everyone's belting down whiskey and bottled beer and instead of nuts or pretzels in the bowls in front of them, you see plates of ... sushi?!?That's what Takamatsu's reminds me of.  It's a bar, that's not a bar (not open on Sundays and closing way too early during the week to be a "real" bar for anyone); and it's a restaurant that somehow found its way into a bar.  If you have any doubt this is REALLY a bar (or once was), you need only look at the dark colored interior with aptly placed soft lighting and lack of windows.  This is THE bar you remember from the middle of Nowheresville, where people came on a Saturday night to get drunk and get lucky.  But wait!  You can't have a cowboy bar without snacks ... so they attached a sushi bar and hired someone to serve Korean food with your Heineken and Jack Daniels.  Frankly, had Kim il Jong walked out of the bathroom (complete with advertisements inside for Ju Jitsu classes), I wouldn't have batted an eye:  it would have seemed completely normal.I'm not inclined to say, that the dark colors and poor lighting actually induce an atmosphere of happy dining.  While the service is good and the food decent, I almost expected to hear the sound of slaves from the kitchen preparing rice and soup for the miners no doubt toiling behind the restaurant and guards in solid green uniforms with red armbands strolling into the place to let us know our meal was over and it was time to get back to work.  For those of you familiar with the Wendy's Soviet fashion show commercial of the 80s, the atmosphere was sorta liked that  (if you don't know the commercial, look it up on YouTube!).  The food itself tasted good; but the portions were far from large and the traditional appetizer plates they give you with Korean food skimpy.  Service was excellent, so I can't fault that.  But honestly, for the prices, there are better in the Valley ... and you can actually see what you're eating in most of them.Sorry
2	I am starting to not trust yelp on others rating. My husband and I tried this place in hopes of finding our Yoshi (a sushi chef in CA). But no such luck. This place served frozen fish that was very noticeably not fresh with try to disguise it with spicy mayo sauce. The search continues.
4	This restaurant has good sushi and dumplings.The waitresses are nice. Overall a good experience.I recommend this restaurant as a good place for seafood.
5	Takamatsu's may not look like much from the outside, but inside is just fine! The staff is always extremely friendly and competent. They even remember our favorite sushi and drink choices; maybe we go a little too often? :)Sure, the sushi is more "American," but most places that serve sushi are the same in this regard. However, Takamatsu's sushi is awesome! We took our friend, who was visiting from Japan, here and she said "This is not sushi, but it's delicious!" Their Korean food is also very good, of course! The prices are great, the service is fast and excellent, and the drinks are also strong and tasty. The bonus to all of this is that it isn't usually very busy, so you almost have the place to yourself sometimes.Awesome place! I would highly recommend giving it a try if you're in the area and looking for a relaxed atmosphere, good food, good sushi, and great customer service.
5	This place has the best Korean food in the area.  Their Bibbimbap is my favorite dish to order.  The staff has always been nice and helpful every time I am in there.  Great place to get authentic Korean food.
5	Honestly, I've only ever had the Daeji-Bulgogi; but it's so damn delicious, I don't want anything else!! Mmmmmmmm! Don't be fooled by the exterior!! It's clean, professional and always great service!
5	We're supposed to eat at ground control but they were close for a 3-hour private party, so we decided to eat here since it's close by. We had a great service today, they came a lot time to check on us. The food came out fresh & hot, I almost burn my finger with the sizzling plate. I get to try the spicy bulgogi and i fell in love, I have a new favorite entree now! Kamsahamnida... (polite way to say thank you in Korean)
5	Made a point to drive out for Korean, and really glad we did. The Korean dishes were authentic and very well done. Prices were quite reasonable, too.
1	HOLY CRAP...where do I begin with this horrible visit??First, we walked in...a few people were sitting at tables and a few at the bar...there was NO ONE to be found anywhere as far as Takamatsu's employees go. We must have stood at the door waiting to be seated for at least 10 minutes before someone came out of nowhere to seat us. As far as we saw, there was only ONE waitress. She sat us and finally came back another 10 minutes later to get our drink order. It took her a little over 5 minutes to bring back 3 waters...she must have had to go out back and pump them out of the wells. That's the only explanation as to why it would take that long. Another 20 minutes went by before she came back to take our food order. We ordered 2 orders of gyoza, 2 hot stone bowls and a chicken yakiudon bowl for my 3 year old daughter. The food took 30 minutes to come out and when it did come out they never brought my daughters yakiudon bowl. After about 15 minutes of eating we realized that her bowl wasn't coming out. There was, again, no sign of the waitressed anywhere so I had to wait to look for her and then finally flag her down. I asked her where my daughter's food was and if it was even ordered. She just looked at me completely confused. She claimed that yes she put in the order and that it was "coming out soon". I saw her run back to the kitchen...most likely because she lied and never put in her order in the first place. I don't understand how someone can assume they're not going to order food for their child and let them sit there and go hungry.My friend and I were finally done with our food another 15-20 minutes later and my daughters food had yet to come out. I had to yet again flag down the non existent waitress and told her we just wanted our check. When she did manage to bring the check she said "your daughters food is done." I let her know not only did I not care but we didn't want it. And I didn't pay for it. We paid the bill and as we were walking out, as if perfect timing by my daughter, my daughter asked out loud "mommy, where is my food? Where are we going?" And I made sure to loudly mention exactly where we were going...somewhere else so I can get her some food finally. Such a sad excuse for a restaurant. And the food wasn't good at all either. We won't be back and I can only hope you don't waste your time and money there either.
2	This particular location was terrible. Half of the menu did not exist and they stopped serving sushi. We walked out. The other location is awesome.
4	I enjoyed the interior set up with full bar and full sushi bar as well. The prices are a bit pricey but the sizes of the rolls will make up for it. Usually you have Sushi and Thai but here you have Sushi and Korean cuisine. Definitely will come back.
