4	In many ways this is just your average large Albertson's. But on Christmas Day in 2009, they were open. They totally rocked that day. What a relief to the hundreds and manybe thousands of people who forgot something or someone and there was no other place to turn.  Right after church, we drove by at 9 AM and the parking lot was full of happy but anxious people, like me who forgot to get the McDoanld's gift certificates for two nephews.   They activated the cards and I was almost done. I also wanted some cash back. But right before my transaction was approved, the ATM machine and the register broke. It turns out the store GM was ringing me up.  She just made the line walk two registers over, keeping everyone's place in the line, and continued as if nothing happened. She ekept everyone cool and calm.The store was packed the whole day.  I drove by several times and the parking stalls were full. I came back to the store later to pick up some ice and wine and the store was still crowded. I hope they made a lot of money that day, and that other stores consider having their store open on Christmas Day as well in future years.My relatives have their prescriptions filled at this pharmacy. They are very prompt, friendly, and accurate.  This store gives you a reduction in gas prices at the gas station across the street, The more you spend at Albertsons, the bigger your discount if you have a Club Card. They also have a huge electric sign in front that tells you when there are fantastic deals, lile the time T bone steaks were $3.99 a pound or 12 pack sodas were 4 for $10.00. They also have a bakery which made a nice birthday cake once as well as a deli where we once bought a turkey dinner for Christmas. Once, I asked the produce guy if the tangerines were sweet.  He said, "Eat one or two of them and let me know..."So, I did but dang---.  I should've kept on eating before telling him my verdict. But they were good that day. They have a very nice deli and butcher well.Much of the staff is the same as it was for the past few years I've been coming here when I visit my relatives in the area. Parking is usually easy, and the stores including bathrooms are usually clean. They have a nice S tarbucks inside as well. It's a complete full service grocery store.
2	I do have to say, that I seen better. Now, the layout is good, the food selection is great. But what kind of get to me is the customer service. Its nice that they say "HI", but it would be better if they took the time to help you out. Showing that they say, "HI" and whiz right by, like there trying to get away from you, just seems like that, they just want to get away from you. My wife didn't like the fact that, the milk there tends to expire within a week or two. So the milk is going to be bought elsewhere. The lines at the checkout stands were kind of long and don't know why they only have 2 check out stands, and a lot of baggers. Some one could of trained them on the checkout stand more, then worrying about bagging. I can understand older people may need help bagging, but some one in their mid 30's, like me, can probably bag my own groceries. Also what bugs me, is that, no matter how nice you put your groceries in order for them to package them, so some things won't get smoosh. Unfortunately once they get checked out, it doesn't matter who's bagging them on the other end, they tend to smoosh something. So most of the time, I rather bag my own groceries, if these baggers can't bag food properly. Anyhow, pricing is decent, expiration dates on some of these items need to be checked before bought, and hopefully, they'll be wise enough to have more check out stands open and baggers that know what their doing. Otherwise, I wouldn't really go here for groceries.
5	LOve their 8 hour sale on deli meats and cheeses!! 3.99/lbI will buy around $60.00 everytime and throw the lunch meat and cheeses in the freezer and wow it saves us so much since that is all hubby takes to work is sandwhiches we go through about all of it before they have another sale :D The deli manager is not too nice but there are 2 memebers there that i make sure to go too and trust me they know who i am... (Not sure if that is a good or bad thing) lol
3	A normal everyday Albertsons so groceries as well as a meat counter and alcohol section.
5	Love Ms. Allison at the Starbucks inside Albersons :-) she makes awesome drinks when she gets bored.
5	Andi in the bakery is absolutely amazing!  Made sure I had a cake in time for my son's party.  So grateful for wonderful service!
3	I went just after 9pm and none of the self check-out lanes were open. I had to wait for the cashier to wander back to the register. My goal was to find something to take to a holiday gathering but the selection was limited. Smith's had more options and now I'm kicking myself for not buying the items there first.
5	Always have the freshest fruits and I've been noticing some good deals ! Always felt that albertsons was too expensive but it really isn't ! The staff are pretty nice , every encounter I've had with a worker they always ask if I need help finding anything... Very helpful!Love albertsons!
1	I've lived near this store for about a year now and I've used it mostly for connivence based on its location. The prices seem relatively higher than other grocery stores in the area and most of the employees are disengaged and rude. There are no longer self-checkout lanes, so forget a quick, convenient check-out. I'll go to Smith's or Walmart from now on for groceries.
