3	I got the Doner Kebab - a generous portion of street meat severved over jasmine rice along with cucumber and tomato sauce...with it you get two sides (I got green beans and a forgettable salad). Decor is sparce - blame that on Latta Arcade space...was very clean and I peeked in on the Hookah bar next door and there were a bunch of bean bag chairs in the hookah room...so I guess it's ready for business. All in all - good value/experience for lunch...kind of a poor man's Kabob Grill (not a knock on Metropolitan - it's better than most downtown lunch spots). Also my buddy got a chicken kabob on a turkish pita - huge sandwich that comes with one side....very reasonably priced for downtown.
5	Great place if you are tired of same old uptown lunch. I had the doner sandwich with green bean salad on the side for $7 which is pretty reasonable for the size. I recommend this place to everyone.
1	Please do not waste your time. I am warning you. It is nothing like the website or a restaurant at all. It is merely a store front that has some meat in the back. Although there was a menu with several options we were only given two. They were ill prepared for dinner service but I can imagine the lunch is any better. I ordered the doner kebab on turkish bread and received it on a wrap. After returning the wrap I then received the flavorless meat on soggy bread with no sauce. It was not even edible. I was happy that they did not charge for this mess however they made their money off of a beer they charged us $5 for. The worst part is the website that is so deceiving. We were served food in styrofoam! Sitting in an alley with broken glass and a stereo playing bad music loudly. If you want to experience a little bit of Turkey, I guess the only option you have is to go to Turkey.
2	Had the doner kebab for lunch today. I don't think it was anything spectacular - the rice was too mushy for my taste and although the description reads beef AND lamb, I only saw one or two slices of beef. The lamb was the typical gyro meat and could have been more soft, in my opinion. All in all, the portion was big but I didn't finish the meal.
4	I don't know why Metro's gotten such bad reviews. Every time I'm here there's always a line. I mustn't be the only person who likes this place? My first take at Turkish. While I can't really tell you how authentic it is, I can attest that everything's pretty good. Whether it's the doner, the meatballs, the chicken doner, to the lentils and chickpeas, yumm chickpeas. Every single item on my plate is licked clean. So back to the Turkish thing. As stated, I don't know how authentic it truly is and forgive my ignorance, but the food is very similar and tastes just like gyros, meats and vegetable sides in that general region.
4	WOW!  I am in LOVE with this place!!!  Let's start off with the awesomest part - they will let you taste a side to see if you like it before you commit to it!!  That's customer service, especially in a place that has food that some people have never tried before.  I assume they'll only do that when they aren't slam packed busy, but it's worth a shot to ask even if it is.Lamb kebabs were awesome.  Very very tasty - the spices were so delicious, it almost didn't need the sauces (kinda thin, though - I could have stood for them to be a little more... meaty. ha!).  They give you a choice of a tomato sauce or cucumber sauce to go over the meat - I got both, but I think the next time I'll just get the tomato - the tanginess compliments the meat very well.You get a pretty decent amount of food for $9, 2 kebabs over a generous helping of rice, and 2 sides.   They have a couple of tables outside and a cute little upstairs part that you can sit at to enjoy your food - and BONUS - there is also a little hookah lounge upstairs with couches and TVs - I'm all about the hookah (no funny business though, straight up peaches and cream tobacco, lol).I can't wait to come back here and partake in some hookah and relax - that's my kind of date night.And maybe next time I'll try a GIGANTIC baklava... they looked so gooey and delicious.
4	Some of the bad reviews for this place are a little absurd. I guess I don't rate on service and decor as much but freal, if you're eating dinner at the Latta Arcade and want to be pampered you've got another thing coming.Anyways, my Iskander Kebab was pretty good. It's Kebab meat on top of pita covered in tomato sauce and yogurt. I thought the yogurt in particular was pretty solid and while the meat was not mind blowing, the portions were generous enough to make up for it.
3	I remember my disappointment with the closing of Sofram Grill in Tower Place on HWY 51. Call it snobby if you wish but I thought Sofram failed solely because suburbanites are generally too afraid to try anything more exotic than Olive Garden. Had it been uptown or one of the hipper, more cosmopolitan inner neighborhoods things might have been different. Now with the success of Metropolitan Cafe uptown, I'm beginning to think my hunch was right. It's great to see Metropolitan is thriving. The vindication is just a bonus.I went in for a (very) late lunch; around 5pm. Restaurants generally aren't at their best way after lunch and before dinner because what you're served is often hours old. While my kebab wasn't as hot and fresh as it could've been, it was flavorful and contained a very generous serving of meat. An added bonus was that it wasn't dripping with grease as kebabs so often are. I was told it didn't come with a side, which was annoying. Fearing a kebab alone wouldn't satisfy, I ordered the piyaz appetizer, a cold white bean salad with green peppers, red onion and tomatoes in an olive oil and red wine vinegar dressing. Delicious! It was so good and so refreshingly simple I ended up making it myself at home. So it seems not including a side was a blessing in disguise. The piyaz was way healthier and probably tastier than a side of fries could ever be.  After the meal I couldn't resist ordering a cup of Turkish coffee. You'd do well to do the same. Just a few warnings for those not familiar with Turkish coffee: It's strength is such that NASA is considering using it to fuel manned missions to Mars. It's served hot enough to melt lead. It's thick enough to be used as a personal lubricant in even the staunchest and most repressed conservative bedrooms. Oh, and the grounds form a thick sludge at the bottom of the cup. So let it cool a little, sip it slowly, leave a little at the bottom of the cup and try not to think of santorum. I can't wait to give Metropolitan another try at a peak hour. All indications tell me I'll be revising this to give them at least another star.
3	I used to come here all the time freshman year of college,  but in the last few years the nice and quiet atmosphere has turned club like.  It isn't as much fun as it used to be.
4	This is a great stop for lunch. They're relatively quick, they have a diverse menu, and good side options. The tabbouleh, falafel and lamb/beef kabobs are staples for me. Oh, and when I went yesterday the hummus was ON POINT. It must be a new recipe, I don't remember it being so good last time. Might just go back for hummus snacks from now on..
5	I seriously cant find a better place for fresh grilled chicken kebabs in Downtown Charlotte. Local spot, and tasty. Fresh every time. I start to crave it when I'm not in town.- #6 Chicken Shish Kebab- Extra cucumber sauce salad on top- Rice & hummus as my sides
5	Delicous.  Don't let the three stars fool you.  I can't speak for the service but the food is outstanding.
4	I came for an early lunch with my husband. I ordered lamb kebobs with hummus and kafir (eggplant). I asked the cashier what she recommended so that's how I chose the kafir. It was delicious! Totally not something you order on looks, but ridiculously good (think guacamole: it ain't pretty but when done right, it's awesome). The lamb was rich and flavorful. The hummus was original. Maybe a spinach hummus? Made a little coarser than perhaps you might be used to. I liked its originality. They gave me a little warm pita but I def could've used more. The rice was bland but not terrible. This is a grab and go kinda place. They use that godawful styrofoam (why is this stuff still legal??) we ate outside in the courtyard, which is quite nice. I think they had one tall top table inside. If you are in downtown Charlotte, this would make a nice place to pick up lunch. My only real complaint would be the lack of proper eating utensils but I'm guessing the place is too small to host a dishwasher.
4	yummy!  I just had lunch here.  It was delicious and served quickly.   It is located in an "arcade" of many small restaurants near downtown Charlotte, NC where everyone in your conference group or business can find what they want.  Then you can all eat together in the open air space between the restaurants.
1	I was so looking forward to having a good meal considering I love Mediterranean food in general. First off it's false advertisement. There food is the farthest from authentic. The kabobs tasted like it was marinated in salt. The falafel was nothing like I ever ate before. Just terrible. The rice was good but that's about it. And there shepherd salad was not at all a shepherd salad. There sign says " taste of Istanbul." My friend who is from that city says they don't even have half the things there that they had on there menu. Definitely not what I was expecting. Try at your own risk ;) good luck!
