5	I have to say that I never leave reviews about anything, honestly I'm too lazy for that. But now I want everybody to know about The Rubb Massage because the do a wonderful job. Let me explain myself, they came to my home, they brought all the equipment with them and in a few minutes they left me super relaxed. I'm used to call professionals to my home but never massage therapists, but now that has changed. Don't hesitate to give them a call 702 . 497 . 7822. Or visit their website www.therubbmassage.com
5	The Rubb is fantastic. I used them for the first time during my last trip to Vegas. Now, I won't go back without calling them. They come directly to you, so no worrying about traveling anywhere. My therapist Becky was phenomenal. She has been the only masseuse to actually release the severe tension in my back. She was very professional, friendly, and knowledgeable. I recommend her to anyone thinking about getting a massage in Vegas. Don't waste your time with the hotel spas. If you actually want a real massage, call The Rubb. You won't be disappointed.
5	Wow .. I had amazing massage from Mark Brooks , great deep tissue work. My legs really stopped hurting !
1	Be careful. I was quoted 2 different prices for the 90 minute massage. Then they cancelled at the last minute. Business 101 is not adhered to here it seems.
5	Becky and Tia were amazing. They were on time, polite, professional and attentive from beginning to end. The massage treatment my wife and I received was just what we needed and a fantastic ending to an already great valentines day.
5	This was the most relaxed I have ever been for a massage. I'm normally a little on edge when it comes to having to get undressed for anything - doctors, massage therapists, etc. Mark made me feel totally at ease - there was not one moment of discomfort or uneasiness. Now for the massage - wow! So relaxing! I would have scheduled one for each day of my trip, had I known it was going to be that great!  I was in Vegas for a convention, so unfortunately, my "free time" was limited - but I would take a vacation there just to get more massages! As for the basics - my massage therapist was professional yet friendly, prompt - he arrived about 10 minutes before our scheduled appointment so he could set up, and I felt the massage was very reasonably priced!  I hope to have the opportunity to enjoy another one very soon!
5	The Rubb is my favorite company in Vegas! They are very professional and friendly. My body was tired and sore from working all week. A friend recommended me to give the Rubb a call. The massage was amazing. I feel great and I am so glad I gave them a call!
5	My wife and I were in Las Vegas and got a massage from the Rubb Massage company. The massage and experience was terrific. I would highly recommend them to anyone in Vegas on holiday.
5	Had a great massage from them. They are very professional. I felt amazing after they worked on my back! Definitely recommend them any time any where.
5	My husband & I have used The Rubb on 2 occasions and would highly recommend them for a therapeutic massage.  Our therapist was Beckie, who is professional, polite and very knowledgable on variety of massage techniques.  I had a great deep tissue massage that left me feeling relaxed and street free.  We will definitely use Beckie at the Rubb next time we are in Vegas.
