5	This place is inside of the Ritz Carlton right next to their restaurant. We were staying at the Marriott next door and wanted something sweet after dinner. There are so many different things you can have. From cupcakes to cannolis, to bon bons and tarts.After bombarding the guy behind the counter with about 54 questions (kudos to his patience with me) I decided on their signature dessert, Bar cocoa. When the guy described it as a gourmet kit kat, I was in! I LOVE kit kat.It was 7:00, but it was a very good size and it was clearly a gourmet and labor intensive dessert. OMG AMAZING! I was so happy with my choice! It was so decadent with a great crunch from the praline. OH and it was hazelnut chocolate, my favorite! A friend of mine got the chocolate cupcake which was amazing as well. The cake was very moist and chocolatey while the icing was perfect!I'll be back when I'm in Charlotte.
2	Bar Cocoa is brilliant idea!  Beautiful little confections available for small fee - both money wise and calorie wise.  It has all the hallmarks to be an exciting addition to the Uptown snack area.  The deserts are fabulous - expertly made.  The staff is friendly.  The location is spot on (inside the Ritz, across from the Epicenter and many of the office towers Uptown).Why two stars then?  All of the well done bits go to waste if there is no one to serve you the delights!  I work Uptown and like many folks get a hankering for something sweet in the late afternoon, this would be a go-to place.  But the last several times I walked over, there was no one around to serve me or take my money!  Understand the value of someone buying a couple caramels or truffles is not nearly as high as a room at the Ritz or even a glass of wine at the bar... but it's disappointing customer experience to see all these beautiful treats behind glass and the no way to get to them.Unfortunately, they lost me (and anyone I drag along for a treat) as a customer because of this pretty significant gap.
4	Bar Cocoa is heaven on earth I tell you! It is situated on a small corner inside the Ritz Carlton on the ground floor. It is a dangerous place for me because I walk through these doors every night I am in town. I end up getting a dessert on my way up to my room way too many times.  It's a good thing I am only in Charlotte for a week. I have tried their signature dessert, the Bar Cocoa, and it was delectible!!! I loved the little crunch at the bottom and the smooth, rich, creamy mousse in the middle with a little glaze of raspberry on top. I have also had their key lime bar and it is sooooo good with a cup of espresso. It is not too tangy and has like a shortbread kind of shell. I love key lime but some are too tart for me. This was perfect! I want to try one of their cupcakes next. The chocolate, red velvet and carrot cake looks too good and moist! At $2.50 each cupcake I might have to give in and take all three. Splurge a little!
3	Fancy. For a small, sweet bite while in Uptown, this is a convenient stop. The desserts are picture perfect and delightful to your tastebuds!The downfall is where to take your dessert to enjoy...the Ritz is always a popular place to be. Unless you already have a spot due to the bar draw, then be prepared to sit on laps or to take it out the door. (I drove past recently and noticed since my first visit they have added a few table and chairs outside.)
4	The chocolate is to die for . . . but skip the $8 coffee. It's just Pete's for Pete's sake. During the afternoon the staff are stretched thin between the confection area and the bar. Went there with hubby I think it was a Friday or Saturday night and was pleasantly surprsied with the live soul singer . . . place was packed! This is the Ritz however, so you will pay for the ambiance.
5	Walked over for dessert and drinks after dinner at Flemings. Just loved the atmosphere in Bar Cocoa! the chocolate was the best and true to form, the service at the Ritz did not disappoint.
5	The chocolate there is high chocolatier art. Beautiful and tasty. Stop and in treat yourself to a truffle or two! It would be a sexy place to take a girl on a date after dinner. Feed each other a truffle:)
3	I had a cupcake from here a few days ago. Average at best. It's one of their cheaper items surprisingly. Their other items are a tad bit overpriced (yeah, you can call me a cheap-o). Good classy interior and counter people. Not sure if I'll stop in here again.
3	On a Thursday night, we ordered a red velvet cupcake (2.50) and 2 macarons (1.50) for 8- Got the smoore and mint chocolate macaron. A bit to crispy. Breaks into pieces upon first bite. I like mine more soft and chewy.- Smoore had marshmallow- Red Velvet was not moist, a bit dry and hard. - Maybe because we came at a time when they were about to close, the texture was not at its best. - Although they did have live music and a nice fireplace. Good place to sit and relax. - Go to CVS and get the milk at the EPICenter :)
2	Bottom line (at the top): We got to pick a dessert from Bar Cocoa as a part of our pre-fixe from brunch at the Ritz. Everything looks beautiful but looks are quite deceiving in this case. :/--Came here on Saturday morning after the family had some bizness in Charlotte. We did the three course prefixe and the third course was to pick dessert from Bar Cocoa. I'm not quite sure how the brunch was so good and Bar Cocoa was so bad.. We had the tiramisu (meh), chocolate raspberry cake (double meh, the raspberry jam inside was soo bitter), chocolate hazelnut praline cake (the best relatively, but still not that great, red velvet cupcake (horrendous, really dry), etc. etc. As a dessert fanatic this really broke my heart.
5	On the eve of Valentine's Day you should not pass this place up. I try to be stingy with my 5 stars so they're meaningful. Every time I'm been here since they've been open I am simply delighted. First there is a their selection for all the moods of my palette. Sometimes I want something sweet but not as heavy as chocolate, they have key lime pie. Maybe you'd rather have a macaron or three. Of course there any variety of chocolate confections: cupcakes, cake, mousses or signature chocolates all perfect to share after a dinner out on the town or after a stroll thru uptown. When I have company my favorite thing is to dip in & get two hot chocolates.The food is what brings me there but it's the atmosphere & the prices that keep me coming back. For being inside the Ritz Carlton I feel that I have spent less money here than at Amelie's. Once you have your desserts in hand, if you came looking for quiet conversation, I'll give you a hint later. There are certainly the little tables but if it's a blustry evening avoid them as people can't seem to work the revolving door that is to keep the wind from blowing onto you. You could take your desserts down to the hotel bar if you want liveliness or are pairing your treat with a cabernet or port. Hot Chocolates in hand take the stairs down to the bar, go thru the bar and hang a right. The loveseats along the wall by the elevator are the place to get to know someone.
3	Wait staff is too snooty. I don't know if he doesn't like Asians or having a bad day. My friend and I ordered a latte and 2cup cakes. The guy took forever even though it was xtremely slow. Nevertheless, I enjoyed my latte and cup cake. Their prices was cheaper than most places. Cup cakes were moist and the frostings were not too sweet
3	The Place is BEAUTIFUL! Small!  Really just Four seats!!!  Seems to almost serve as a lobby of sorts to the Hotel and Restaurant!Service!  OUTSTANDING!  When I told the Dude working here (he asked how we liked our Desserts) I told him and he made some suggestions and brought over two that he thought we would like!  The Girl working here was very helpful getting the Most Photogenic of each item we chose (I told her I would photograph these and she had some good ideas)!What was really Good or Better than good : All of These Desserts are BEAUTIFUL!!!Macaroons were exceptional!  Better than "Amelie's" More comparable to "Think Chocolate" in Ballantyne!  Red Velvet, Orange Sickle and Pistachio were the best of the five we tasted!Cream Cheese Icing on Top of a Carrot Cake Cupcake!  My Bride and I enjoyed this Icing which is VERY Rare since I prefer a Butter Cream Icing and only a Rare Cream Cheese Icing... Usually only one of us likes the same... I this particular situation we BOTH thought it was EXCEPTIONAL! ! !  The Cake had a very Fine Flavor, Like a Sweet Carrot Bread, much less sweet than Cake which was Nice for us since we already had so much Dessert!Peanut-butter and Jelly Creation, this was the Yellow most Unusual and Unique Looking of what they had!  What needs work :The Dessert Named after the place "Bar Cocoa" was very poor, as if someone took fine ingredients and some how made them look Marvelous and taste CHEAP!  This was so poor we only took a few (small) bites and left the rest! 1 yelp starSame story with the Very Beautiful Tart (Chocolate and Banana) tasted very Artificial and CHEAP! less than one yelp starGelato had very little flavor 2 yelp stars at the most!We were here last Saturday Night 4-27 for my the Dessert Part of a Birthday Celebration for my Bride!We did not taste any of the Chocolates and would go back to see what they were like IF we lived here!
2	Get to the Chase:Pros:1) Very clean, and well-presented2) Nice variety of sweetsCons:1) Some of the macaroons were fresh (soft, and with slight bite) , while others were stale (really chewy and hard like a hockey puck)2) Limited to 2 flavors of gelato/sorbet...not even negotiable to have a 3rd flavor haha3) The watermelon and mango sorbets tasted pretty decent, but after the 5th taste...they started tasting like some Fructis shampoo/shower gel Wanted to love it, but left disappointed
5	Gelato...delicious. Honey sourced from their own hives on the roof. Not cheap, but worth every penny.
4	Bar Cocoa is part of the Ritz Carlton in Uptown Charlotte, so I expected it to be pretty and to have great chocolate. It does. I tried the chocolate raspberry mousse and it was AMAZING! I will be going back just for this.It is a small space, so you may have to sit in the Ritz to enjoy your treat, but otherwise it is worth a visit from any chocolate lover.
3	Stopped in to pick up a treat on my way home from the office last week... everything looked amazing.  I settled on cupcakes as other items seemed very overpriced...I was disappointed though in the coldness of the service I received... the individuals working weren't "rude" per se, but they certainly were not friendly by any means... and if I'm going to pay $7 for a tiny opera cake, I expect at least a smile.  Having read the other reviews, it sounds like it is possible to receive great service here... however, it needs to be consistent in order for this place to be worth the money they are charging for their desserts...Regardless, the cupcakes were great so I'd possibly give this place one more try since it is so convenient to my office... but I do not see myself going out of my way to visit...
4	Yummy treats, speciality drinks, Ritz Carlton customer service and LIVE jazz!!! Great chill place to relax! Great date night!
5	You want the cake?  You can't handle the cake!  I have had the multi-layer chocolate cake and the multi-layer red velvet cake during their Slice of the South cake series and I would not hesitate to call them both the best desserts in Charlotte.  The slice of chocolate cake was so large, the edges were literally hanging off the sides of the plate.  These are insanely rich, moist cakes with very thick frosting on top and between the layers.  There are cases filled with macaroons, cupcakes and other confections and everything looks beautifully well done.  The atmosphere is very nice with a lot of comfortable seating and low lighting.  An excellent place to go on a date.
4	My wife had a little sample of several things- all were tasty. I especially recommend the honey and walnut gelato and the carrot cake cupcake. Yum. The Nutella macaroon didn't really resonate. Maybe skip it, which is surprising because it's Nutella and macaroon.
3	Stopped in for a few macaron's and were pleasantly surprised by the service and selection. The price was very average and the handful of flavors i bought were mostly A-ok. Nothing stand-out about Bar Cocoa and their foods, but nothing negative either. Wouldn't recommend the nutella flavor - all I could taste was milk chocolate, so I was really disappointed with that. Would totally recommend the coffee flavor!
5	Insanely good cupcakes!! Very moist and the frosting isn't too sweet to actually finish! I usually don't like frosting but it's definitely always on point. I also generally like to bake myself but these cupcakes are easy for a quick grab if you're running late to a birthday party or out on the town with the girls. The service is great too. Just make sure to ask for exactly what you want/need and they'll help as much as possible!
1	This place is downstairs in the Ritz-Carlton and sits on the corner of College and Trade. Let me say that it's beautiful eye candy. Punny. We stopped in and decided to have some chocolates after lunch and depending on the taste maybe a dessert. Well, let's just say we didn't have dessert. Had brownie batter walnut truffle--gross. Got a raspberry cheesecake truffle, also bad but not so much so, just to take away the nasty taste of chocolate #1. You don't get the feel that the staff is excited about their product or that they actually eat it. If you want GREAT chocolate, locally produced with enthusiasm and integrity, go to the 7th Street Market and look for the barChocolate. I'm gonna write a review for them; went this morning.
5	If you can walk by Bar Cocoa and not have a silent pull towards it's decadent crafts, we can't be friends. We just can't.  For a place you'd think is overpriced because it's in the daunting Ritz-Carlton, it's actually way cheaper than other places that sell similar sweets (namely, Amelies) in the area. 2$ macarons, 2.50$ cupcakes, 6$ beers, and a chill seating area with a fancy vibe,  it literally can't get any better. The night we went, they had a jazz band playing. In the middle of our sitting, however, they started to put out little signs saying that tables were reserved for those spending 20$+.  I don't know how often that happens. Maybe just on Saturdays, maybe just on live jazz show days? Whatever the pattern, I hope I'll go enough to figure it out!
5	Love. Love. Love this place! I had a scoop of gelato on top of the pecan pie. It... was... glorious! The service was great for a place that doesn't have servers. The cashier was super helpful in showing my Mom around (yes I took my Mom here) and providing advice.
3	I have never eaten here for breakfast or lunch but I go regularly for dessert.  The cookies and Gelato are great and the Gelato is reasonably priced.   Also the people watching can be fun on weekend nights.
5	Who knew heaven was on the corner of East Trade Street! Wonderful selection of desserts - from varying flavors of truffles to macaroons to a "just right" selection of gelatos, to cup cupcakes and other sinfully delicious pastries - this place has become my favorite!  It's attached to The Ritz Carlton and feels sophisticated with the marvel floors, friendly staff, and overall presentation! I don't think I'll ever be able to visit Charlotte again without making a stop!
5	Delicious gelato at a surprisingly reasonable price! The raspberry is my favorite, but I also enjoy the chocolate hazelnut and honey pecan. The staff is always pleasant and hospitable. I have not ventured much outside the gelato. The truffles and assorted chocolates in the display cases look too good to eat. I find myself walking over many nights to grab a cup of gelato and take a walk.
3	Chocolates were decent.  (not made in house).  Really liked the caramel eclair! But the macaroons we took home were so-so.  A couple of them were good, but others tasted a bit stale and dry.  Loved that they had a nice variety of flavors, but we couldn't even tell what flavors they were supposed to be by the time we got them home.So much potential here!
1	Terrible service... We tried to have a nice gathering and it took the lady over 25 minutes to make an espresso!! You would expect a lot more from the Ritz! So bummed
2	I went to Bar Cocoa last night with my family ( there were 5 of us including my 10yr old daughter). We were excited because we are a sweet crazed family! I was looking forward to some gelato even though it was a bit cold outside but sadly, out of the 5 flavors offered, none were to my liking. My favorite flavors are anything with chocolate or caramel but neither were offered. My family immediately gravitated toward the cake display so I joined them. Two people purchased chocolate cupcakes, one a red velvet cupcake, another the pumpkin cheesecake and I got the coconut cake. The service at Bar Cocoa was great! The gentleman was friendly, smiling and very pleasant. At the bar they only offered coffee and hot chocolate. We were encouraged to grab a seat at the Ritz Carlton lounge area where we would be offered a wider selection of drinks.Our desserts were all just average tasting. No one, including myself, was wowed by anything. I usually love most coconut flavored anything but this cake was filled with big chunks of coconut flakes. I couldn't detect any actual cake in there at all. It was unpleasantly chewy. I don't recommend it.The lounge in the Ritz was dimly lit with a beautiful stone fireplace toward the back where there is a second bar serving cocktails. The lounge area was fairly empty. There was one table occupied with a couple. My family and I sat down and were noticed by the female server as we walked in but she didn't approach our table. I found that odd but I waited. About 5 minutes later she went to the table with the couple and asked them if they wanted more drinks. She took their order, left, and promptly returned with their drinks. Then she left again without coming over to us. Another 5 minutes goes by and a second couple enters the lounge area with their desserts from Bar Cocoa. As as they're seated she approaches their table and asks if they want anything. Then she leaves again without even looking our way. At that point we were almost done and didn't want to stay any longer with such rude and dismissive service. I am not sure why she chose to ignore our table but I was extremely disappointed. I expected better from such an establishment. With mediocre desserts and horrible service I definitely won't be going back or bringing anymore guests with me when looking for a place to satisfy our sweet tooth. I give the two stars for the gentleman that served us our desserts.
