5	Was a guest of Aria last summer...which then got me interested in the first public space fine art collection offered. Exists around Mandarin Oriental, at Aria, Veer Towers, and Vdara. All the more appealing now that Guggenheim has shut its doors.This time, we left the Encore and went to Westin in order to be closer to the heart of Strip. After Le Reve, we went off to enjoy Mirage's LOVE. also closer.Breathtaking. Though it was 117 degrees, our scorching scavenger-hunt like tour with assistance of spray and water bottle was wonderful! Henry Moore, Maya Lin, sculptures, paintings, prints (Christopher Walken), etc.Great treat for those who prefer not to gamble. And great way to walk off great, overindulgent food too!PS download the app as we did. Sure made finding the marvelous pieces waay easier. Be prepared to walk!!
5	Located between Aria en route to The Mandarin Oriental this small gallery features one of the largest Chihuily collections available for purchase in the United States and although there is a good chance most of us could not even justify a $5400 bowl after a big jackpot the staff is incredibly accommodating, educational, and informative - qualities far removed from much of the gallery scene both here and across the country.
5	Beautiful Chihuily art collections. You can see some of his art as you're walking in City Center, between Aria and Mandarin Oriental. Places like these is what makes City Center so appealing (at least to me). I know there's brand name clothes stores and shops, but the art is what gets me here. If you're ever in the area, stop in and enjoy the art, it's beautiful hand blown glass that everyone should appreciate.
5	(Woohoo, it's my 100th review worthy!)The idea is to take priceless works and integrate them within the framework of a modern resort.  A somewhat risky endeavor on the part of the corporate collection to place each irreplaceable piece to the decency of the public.  All of the artwork have taken root safely and I must say to the attentive and discerning eye that they are a visually engaging aspect to the innovative exploits of the City Center.  The idea is simply marvelous and it is an onerous act of altruism on the part of the MGM Properties to bring such fine art culture to our public art depraved city.That said,  We started our fine art Easter egg hunt at the top level of the ARIA rooftop parking from the southeast garage.  Here I took a pic of the ARIA north valet installment, JENNY HOLZERS, VEGAS constructed into the hotels LED lit valet awning.  Enlightening. Upon exiting the elevator from parking you are greeted by British sculptor TONY CRAGG's BOLT, BENT OF MIND and an untitled tall column.  A grouping of winding chromatic warping steel.  Aesthetic and eye pulling.Walking towards the concierge to receive a brochure map of the collections current installments (they have changed the collection slightly since the online brochure) you will immediately encounter next to the restroom facilities, DENNIS HOPPER's towering and imposing BILL COSBY photographed in 1963.  Apparently appropriate setting for the recent scandals emerging.  (uhm hehehehe) After this on the wall directly across the High Roller section is a familiar face.  Yet filtered and artfully touched by photographer JULIAN SCHNABEL titled NEW WALKEN.  I personally admire this type of photographic art.  Making your way to the concierge desk above the ARIA resort lobby is a stunning piece of silversmithing by public artist MAYA LIN.  This large form you see is an "Art-chitectural" rendition of the Colorado river titled SILVER RIVER.  Made entirely of reclaimed silver.From there I will leave you to search for your selves as the concierge desk in front of you will provide your own map to the multi-resort wide gallery.  I will say that I completed roughly 80% of the tour with my wife, and toddlers in about 4 hours, that's with two (elevators) strollers and a few diaper & coffee stops along the way.  I chose to go at dawn to capture a darker setting.  You will be rewarded with architecture, paintings, photography, sculptures, lighting, stone works and some breathtaking galleries like Chihuly or Rodney Lough Jr. It amazes me to witness the masses of crowds that surf past these treasured designs and give just a slight glance away from their smart phones as they gabble on about v.i.p. table reservations or how long the line at the buffet is.  Even my 2 boys immediately recognized as soon as we approached the art.  Well it seems that art is not for everyone, yet this amazing collection is still placed here for you whether you recognize or not.  Thank you MGM Properties!
