5	Have used this place 3 times, without a doubt every time great service and wonderful pricing. They truly offer Low Price Auto Glass. If they don't have the glass replacement in stock, they get. Have NEVER had to wait. Every-time brought my car/truck in without an appointment and have never waited more than 1 hour for the completed service. I highly recommend this business for your auto glass needs.
5	Beat Safelite's price by $100 and provided fast, perfect results. Couldn't be happier!
5	Some gutless coward smashed my window and then promptly ran away giggling like an eleven year old Belieber watching that dumb documentary they made about him a few years back. Yes, he was actually giggling; I heard him. It made me question humanity.I called ahead to Low Price Auto Glass to get a quote and make sure it truly was low priced and not some ironic name for a business and furthermore to make sure they had my window. They told me to stop by that day after work -- or told me to stop by, and I told them I could not until after work. Anyway, here is where my faith in humanity is returned. FULL DISCLOSURE: I am fairly eccentric/particular with certain things.Not sure why I was doing it, but I do not do it anymore ('don't smash my window'), but at the time I had 500$ cash under a backseat carpet in twenty dollar bills. I do not remember hiding it there; I would have never noticed if it would have been disappeared by someone. Thus is life, I guess.Part of the service at Low Price Auto Glass, they vacuum up as much of the broken glass from your car. Anyone that has had to deal with it knows that the shattered car window glass is really difficult to clean all up. Anyway, this employee finds the money, avoids vacuuming it up -- literally and figuratively -- and calls me over to show me. I was like: what is that? ::puzzled::Money you had hidden in your car.Oh, really? Damn dude, you could have taken it. Low Price Auto Glass: so trustworthy that you can have your faith in humanity restored less than twenty-four hours after being a victim of violent crime. - E
5	Great place ! We made an appointment and they called when they were on there way  showed up early did a wonderful job and the price was exactly what they quoted me !  I would recommend them highly. The guy that put the glass in was very professional and helpful !
5	very satisfied! needed a windshield replacement and thought it was going to be so expensive. called this place from looking on yelp and they had good reviews so decided to try. Ash was awesome....really nice guy. explained everything well. set an appointment up to come same day. did it for a great price for my mercedes. even came to my job and did it quickly while I worked. very happy with them and would definitely recommend.
5	Great business!Like another customer I read on here, I was frustrated at someone shattering my window.  Thankfully, nothing was stolen and I called here for service.  They came to my house, fixed it well and for a great price.  I would and will be recommending them!  Thanks, Ash for your great business!
5	Wow what a great business. After having my window smashed in and car rifled through I was a bit frustrated, but these guys made all the difference.   They were a third of the price of the dealership and got the glass same day when the dealership told me it would take a week to order in.  The owner Ash was  great and got me in quick and even had a few encouraging words for me, after feeling violated from the break in. The guy who worked on the actual window seemed very confident and when I have him a nice but none to extravagant tip when he was done was super appreciative like I had made his entire week! They made what could have been a very stressful situation seem like a walk in the park. Hopefully,  I won't have to be back, but if the need arises these are my guys! Melinda
5	Just had my Honda windshield replaced here.  Ash (owner)  is delightful and I felt like he treated me the same be would a family member. The price (always important) was significantly cheaper than anywhere else I called. The shop is spotless with a cute dog as bonus. He runs his business under the golden rule / karma. I highly recommend you call and get the price and then head over. He also had mobile service but as I live in Pahrump I went to him. It was worth the 90 minute drive there, that's saying a lot.FYI this shop has more reviews under the old name of Low Price Auto glass at the same address if you would like to see more 5 star reviews.
5	Just had my Honda windshield replaced here.  Ash (owner)  is delightful and I felt like he treated me the same be would a family member. The price (always important) was significantly cheaper than anywhere else I called. The shop is spotless with a cute dog as bonus. He runs his business under the golden rule / karma. I highly recommend you call and get the price and then head over. He also had mobile service but as I live in Pahrump I went to him. It was worth the 90 minute drive there, that's saying a lot. The shop name is Secured Auto Glass.
1	****BEWARE*****Do not go here!  Brought my car here, they took it to the back, then wanted to show us damage "prior" to working on it.  They showed us the whole door panel broke.  It was not that way prior to them taking it to the back,  they then told us to "have a nice day".  Horrible people!  Hopefully people will listen and put them out of business!
5	Went to vegas for a trip and my windshield broken on the last night before I heading home. I was planning going home with a cracked windshield but I found this store with good reviews so I gave a call. Ash asked me about my car model and gave me a quote, and gave me detailed driving direction to his store. The store is not far away from the Strip. What I am gonna say, it saved me money, time, and worries! $159 with only 1 hour waiting! Ash and the tech are very nice to me. Cute dog Zolo is a plus. Ash also taught me how and where to fix other broken parts in the car, in details. I ended go home on time with new windshield. Couldn't be happier~Thanks Ash! I usually don't bother to write yelp reviews unless they are SUPER GOOD (or super bad). This place is SUPER GOOD!
5	In town for the weekend, driving into Vegas behind semi, windshield hit by a rock, cracked it right on driver side.  When I got all checked-in to my hotel, called this place because of the good reviews on yelp.  Price beat the other 2 quotes I had gotten, but best of all they came to the hotel and fixed it!! I didn't have to leave my room other than to pay them!!  Thanks Secured Auto Glass...
5	These guys were life savers! We went to the store in the middle of the night and someone busted my boyfriend's driver door window. I called around to every place that was on the internet to see who could get it done first thing in the morning. Everyone was quoting me around $250 and most were saying tomorrow or in two days from when I called. Yikes! I got it touch with the owner of Low Price Auto Glass around 10:40am and by 11:50 they had someone at my boyfriend's job on the other side of town. PLUS their quote was over $100 cheaper than the other places! The guy working on his car was professional and friendly. He got the job done within 20 minutes and was thorough with his work. Thanks for your help Ash and I'm definitely keeping your info for future reference.
5	Getting a window fixed. It got busted out at circus circus. $150 for my left rear window. I drive a 13 kia soul. The owner here is really really nice. Very happy and definitely recommending this place to people.
5	Got my car's rear right glass replace for 185 out the door immaculate service within 30 minutes other places for quoting me around $500
5	Great service at more than reasonable prices. The owner Ash is a little goofy and loudly Christian, but if you can smile through some proselytizing, they really are the best deal around. I was in and out in about 35 minutes, for less money than the dealership wanted for a diagnostic. If you have any car glass issues, this is the place to start.
5	I've had a very pleasant experience with secured auto glass. The man was very polite and honest. Someone broke into my car smashing my quarter panel window so it was really refreshing to be treated like one of the family after feeling so vulnerable, they even vacuumed out all the glass in my back seat! The price of the replacement was exceptionally low, I was expecting to pay at least double what he charged me and he guarentees the work for the life of the car, even without a receipt. All in all I recommend secured auto glass. They are great!
5	Ash (owner) was honest, clear and very professional.  They didn't have the right window in stock but they got it from across town and still got me in and out in 1.5 hrs. Wife is super happy with results and he gives a lifetime warranty.  So happy I followed other good reviews and went here.  Highly recommended!
5	I would trust these people for any auto glass job. Pleasant to visit with. Quick repair. Decent price.
4	My front windshield got cracked by a rock kicked up from the road.  I got a bunch of estimates and this was $100 cheaper then the next best estimate.  I told them I would come in the next day, but then my plans changed and I just  came in the same day no appointment.  They had me out of there in less than an hour and no surprise charges .... I got it at the price they quoted me (no extra fees and the quote included tax).  The windshield they installed seems to be doing the job ... no wind in my eyes.The owner was a pleasant fellow.  While I wish they had not tuned my radio to a Christian Radio Station, I guess that's not a bad price to pay for $100 in savings.
5	I used these guys and they did a great job. I called nearly every auto glass place and they had the lowest rates. They came to my house the same day I called and not only did they replace my back seat window, they vacuumed up the broken glass of my back seat and floor and I didn't even have to ask them. I was a very satisfied customer.
5	Got my windshield replaced and couldn't be happier! Guy was extremely sweet and didn't try to screw me over knowing I was originally quoted 249 I only paid 220 flat for my '13 Vw jetta windshield.. Will def be going back if I have any other auto glass issues
5	This is my first time writing review on yelp about the service I get, usually I don't like to express myself, but the service that I got from secured auto glass today was incredible. I highly recommended this place not only because of it's price is much lower than other shop, but also the professionalism of their technician and the owner's honestly when he run his business. Overall experience for this company is outstanding. two thumbs up!!
5	When I went out to visit my family in Vegas (I attend college in Arizona) my car windshield broke. As a college student relying heavily on ramen and scholarships to make it through my days, this was disastrous news because I honestly don't have 400 bucks to drop on a new car glass. While calling and asking around I got some pretty ridiculous prices until I came across secured. They gave me a price more than half of what the lowest quote I'd received was and could do it same day too. It was fantastically helpful, and it really helped me out. When I went in the office, the staff was friendly and helpful as well. They even Gave me more off once they found out I'm in the military. I know where I'm going from now on if I ever break a window again.
5	I can't recommend this place enough! Not only were the prices a lot cheaper,their customer service was above and beyond! This family owned business sure does know how to  treat their customers.
5	About two weeks ago, the windshield on my Corolla was chipped by a rock and the crack grew to over 18 inches within two days. I checked over half a dozen prices and all the other quotes were between $170 and $225. Ash at Secured Auto quoted me $130 out the door and promised no hidden charges, and that's exactly what I paid.He ordered the glass the day I called for the quote but I wasn't able to call him until late the next day. He told me to come right over and he'd get me out in half an hour. Well, I pulled up to the front of his shop at 4:15pm and was sitting in my finished car with the keys at 4:45pm, right on the nose. I was treated very nicely while there and told that if there were any problems with the glass to come back and he'd take care of it. My rear view mirror did come loose while I was fiddling around with it in the parking lot but I just put it back on the tab and pushed it on. It hasn't come loose again.I delayed in writing this review because I wanted to let the new glue cure fully and then water test the windshield, since that is the one problem that could occur, barring a problem with the glass itself. I was going to take it to a car wash but the massive downpour Friday evening beat me to it. No leaks.I have an approved new tinted windshield installed for 24% less than the next lowest  estimate and 42% less than the highest. It fits perfectly, works perfectly; they did an excellent job and got me out of there in 30 minutes. (I was too far away for curbside service.)What more can one ask for?
5	Secured Auto Glass is a rarity in Las Vegas.  Very honest, low prices and exceptional service.  I though you would only find a company like this in a small midwest town.Ash, the owner, is a great guy and answered all my question.  I had my front windshield replaced.  I was in and out of there in an hour.I highly recommend them for your auto glass repairs. I would give him 10 stars if I could!
5	This place is awesome.  Fast, friendly, low prices!
5	The shop was clean, parking was easy. The service was excellent; even with the phone ringing off the hook. There is a comfortable waiting room if you have to wait. I felt acknowleged. (My pet peeve is a business that doesn't greet you when you come through the doors.) My drivers side window was broken and the part had to be ordered. I tried to get by on a used part but when it arrived, the quality was lacking. Ash honored his price quote even though he had to purchase a new a part for the window mechanism. If all business was ran this way, there would be no need to advertise because word of mouth is the best advertisement.
5	This service was absolutely amazing the owner was so sweet and considerate I paid $151 for 45 minute service. I was in and out quicker then I could have ever imagined. The price was also almost $200 cheaper then most places I checked. It was a quiet and safe environment.
5	It took me less than 2 minutes on the phone to take care of the crack in my windshield. They came out to my work, and the windshield replacement was done before I left for the day. Plus they were half the price of the company my car insurance recommended I use!
5	One of the best run businesses in town. Great prices and prompt, courteous service. I have used them a couple of times and recommend them to anyone needing auto glass services.
5	I operate a fleet of shuttles and came across secured glass out of necessity when one of our vehicles had a cracked windshield over the holiday weekend.  It was to my surprise when I was initially quoted for the replacement. The cost to replace my glass was far lower than any other time we had experience before with all other shops. His pricing is simple and honest. You will never be over charged for the work and he guarantees the work for as long as you own your vehicle.  The shop was clean and the staff was professional and knowledgeable. We are based out of Arizona and will have all of our vehicles come here in the future, even if I have to pay my drivers overtime to have the work done right at an honest cost. This is a rarity in the auto industry. Keep supporting these guys.
5	Called these folks after my drivers side window was smashed in by a thief. The staff was understanding and sympathetic to the situation. They went out of their way to ensure that I got the best service. The tech was on time, and completed the task efficiently, most importantly he had the right tools, he had my car door carefully disassembled, then vacuumed the door, mats and cleared all the broken glass from the window channels. 45 min later the new window was in and I was back on the road in no time... thanks Secure Auto Glass and thank you Ash..
5	EXCELLENT SERVICE.. ASH, the owner, was exceptional and extremely honest. I would recommend this business to all my friends and family. What a great experience i had. Great price for a windshield on my Dad's silverado truck. Quick and neat installation. Shop was immaculate..
5	The service,the price were exceptional. This business is run the old school way with integrity! My f 150 and I thank you Ash.
5	Excellent  my second car with them saved me hundreds of dollars less 45 minutes and I was out
5	Great same day service! Great price. Came to my house to replace a broken window on my truck. VERY happy with the job they did!
