5	For those parents who need to take kids in for their first haircut, or one of the first few haircuts, I strongly recommend a place like this. Cool Cuts has a nice play area for kids while they wait including video game stations for the older kids. A basic cut is $16.95 which is average. You can find cheaper prices at Stupidcuts and Hateclips, but you will make up the difference by waiting at least an hour for a moron to cut your child's hair badly, and your child being scared to death in the process. Spend a few bucks more and go to a shop that specializes in kids. The kids get to sit in a regular chair or a special car or airplane chair and watch a video from a decent selection while the snippers do their work. My little boy just had his third haircut ever, and Maryam (sic) did a great job. I think she set the land speed record for cutting hair. He was seated and done within 5 minutes, and all that while having a screaming fit the way only an 18 month old boy from my family can do. They will use scissors if the child can stand it, and clippers if she has a squirmer. I recommend calling ahead for a reservation or you will have to wait (or shop with your wife while waiting!).
2	As a former happy customer of Lollilocks at Desert Ridge (which sadly closed), we decided to come here for my 4 year old daughter's haircut.  I was very unimpressed with the atmosphere, cleanliness, and employees.  The older woman that cut my daughter's hair barely talked to her, other than to ask her what video she wanted to watch. I feel that if you're going to cut kid's hair for a living, you should be a person who's good with children.  She then proceeded to spend the next 10 minutes trying to sell me hair products.  I finally just walked away after trying politely in vain to let her know I wasn't interested in buying anything other than the haircut.The place seemed like it was in need of a remodel, didn't look particularly clean, and the full court press on the hair products was a complete turn-off.  I won't be taking my kids back, unless I'm desperate.
4	My 21-month-old son had had two traumatic haircutting experiences at regular barber shops, so I broke down and tried this place, which is very close to my house. From the outside it looked a little foo foo for a boy, but he was starting to look like a girl so I was desperate. We did not have an appointment, but we got right in. Nancy helped us and made my son feel right at home after helping us pick out a Thomas the Tank Engine video to watch. She let him hold the (non-sharp) end of the clippers and tickle himself with it, so he understood there was nothing to be scared of, along with letting him explore a few other instruments and making him feel more comfortable. Other than a hand wave pointing out that the products were on sale, I did not get hassled about buying any items. The price is reasonable, and I signed up for coupons online. Considering we had to pay for the gentleman who got his hair cut in the chair next to my son at the barbershop because he (my son, not the gentleman) was having such a terror-filled temper tantrum the last time we tried that, this ended up to be much more affordable. We will definitely go back.
4	I have been taking my two boys there for years. Sure it costs a tad more- but the haircut is better quality. The kids have fun- play Lego's while waiting- watch movies, play X Box and other video games. The coupons do come in handy. I do recommend to take the traumatized kids, the ladies are patient and have calming solutions. I have seen many haircuts given while the kid is in the Moms lap.   (At least my kids never had that hair meltdown) I am very comfortable with them and think others would enjoy Cool Cuts
5	Definitely a 'cool' place for kids! Video games to entertain, a play area for smaller tikes and a very accommodating staff. Yes, they have my recommendation for yelpers.
3	Usually have a little wait even with an appointment, but it gives the kiddo time to play with the train and pick her movie.
1	I will not be getting my sons hair cut at Cool Cuts for Kids again. You see last November we had his first hair cut done there, and then we left town for a couple weeks, where we noticed that it was grossly uneven in the front (it was nearly an inch longer on one side of his forehead) We hadn't noticed because we nearly always do his hair in a style that had hidden the mistake. when we returned home, I called the location that I had taken him to, only to be told that because it was over 1 week since the cut that I would have to PAY for another cut!!! I was thoroughly disappointed at the lack of customer service! so sad, $17 for a child cut that is not even right is too much.
1	If I could possibly give no stars I would. I have been to this location now two times. First time I had an appointment and I waited for 35 minutes with a 2 year old. This was the second time I went waited over an hour with a 2 1/2 year old and than was told they couldn't get me in today by Karen. Who is very unprofessional and no patients with small children anyway. This place is a joke. Wonder why I was told when I moved here NEVER to use this place. Now I will spread the word as well.
1	I brought my 15 month old son in for his first haircut and I will not be going back. The woman who cut his hair was not the type of kid-friendly personality I would expect for someone working in that kind of place. She was very aggressive about trying to sell me hair products, even argumentative about other products and what is considered organic. And now that I look at his hair cut, it's uneven. I will just fix it myself instead of going back there.  They do have videos for the kids to watch, but overall it does look outdated into there.  I wish I had just gone to a regular place.
1	Less than impressed! We usually go to the Cool Cuts at 7th Street and Bell, but this one occasion, the location on Cactus was more convenient. We won't be back! The lady cutting my boys hair was very interested in selling hair products to another customer who came in AFTER she started our cut, even tho there was another stylist there, sitting in the back. After 5-10 minutes she came back, but was very impatient. "Sit up, don't move, tilt your head".....all reasonable requests if done in a polite manner, and IF he was moving around, which he was NOT.  She did not seem a very kid-friendly person, despite working in a kids only shop.  The place seemed rather grimy too. :(Interestingly enough, we have only had great experiences at the 7th Street location. Friendly and polite, and a very clean shop. Guess where we will go in the future?
2	The concept of this place is great, but it's really kind of a dump... and WAY overpriced.  The lady today told me that "it is easier to cut when it's clean" (because he was a little sweaty), but failed to mention that she would be tacking an extra $3 for an already overpriced $16 haircut.  What a rip off.  Not to mention, the store is dirty.   My kids love coming here, but sadly this is our last time.
