3	Completely reasonable lunch option on UW campus. Came during the lunch rush on a Friday. Walking up, it seemed like the service was going to be chaotic, but it actually worked really really smoothly. Basically, you write your order on a little piece of paper and hand it to the guy. The food is pretty much ready by the time you've paid. According to their website, they have some kind of local/seasonal ethic, but  that wasn't totally obvious from the menu. I'd love it if they'd try to point out which of their offerings were in keeping with those principles (hint: not the tuna sandwich) and if they'd include some organic ingredients. I also wish the menu was a bit more adventurous. As it is, they have tuna, turkey, roast beef, a club, a vegetarian sandwich, and a special. Not exactly ground-breaking lunch fare. It would be great if they'd stretch for some more adventurous flavors or combinations in the sandwiches.I had the pulled pork sandwich special, which was quite tasty and well-priced. I appreciated that there wasn't too much barbecue sauce on the sandwich, so I could taste all of the elements, and that it wasn't so overloaded that it was a great big mess to eat. Though this place isn't too exciting, the food seems to be good enough that I'll probably go back and try other things.Sandwich and a diet coke: $7.73 incl tax.
4	I'm around this part of the UW campus all the time, so I stop here maybe once or twice a week. The coffee is consistent and quite good - their roasts come from a local co-op called Just Coffee. I can't speak for the sandwiches/lunch menu because I've never dined here, but I do like the pastries - the usual coffee house suspects like muffins, scones, cookies. Some of the varieties are atypical - blackberry scones, ginger-pear muffins, and the like. My favorite part: the exterior wall is usually pulled back on a nice day, making everything open-air. A nice place to sit in the morning to do some reading or people watch.
5	The coffee and food here is great.I love that they are serving Just Coffee, a locally roasted fair trade, organic coffee that is delivered by bicycle.  They use organic and locally sourced products for their other menu items as well.Nice atmosphere, with an open air patio on the east side in the warm months.The line for service can be long, but they move quickly and the wait is never very long.The prices seem reasonable for the quality of food - the old "you get what you pay for" matra!
2	The food at Aldo's is excellent.  There are always good vegetarian options available, and it is conveniently located on campus.  The lines, however, are very long.  The service is the reason I rated it as a two.  Once, I ordered a chai latte, was charged for the drink and then proceeded to wait 20 minutes for my order.  When it still hadn't come out, I asked the cashier when I would get my chai.  She responded that they were out of chai!  So I wasted my 20 minutes only to have them try to figure out the register system to refund me.  They ended up giving me a free beverage on them.  When I went next time to use this beverage, they had mysteriously run out of coffee lids so I couldn't take my coffee with me!  I think if they get their act together they could be amazingly successful!
3	Food quality and service is progressively getting worse. They used to use cashews in their salads and now it's peanuts. They are also very unorganized and inefficient with their food orders.
2	Over spring break there were some changes made to the menu at Aldo's Cafe, and the new menu is not an improvement.  I had the California Club sandwich.  There was a large chunk of chicken breast on the sandwich, but both the chicken and the sandwich bun were MICROWAVED before serving.  The texture of the chicken turned to leather after it cooled.  The sandwich was served on a small plate with no sides (no chips, greens, salad).  My companion had the panzanella salad which looked fresh and delicious, but was the size of a small side-salad.  The cost of these two lunch items (plus drinks) was almost $20.  It didn't seem like a good value.  Although we have been weekly loyal customers for several years, we're going to find a new spot for lunch.
4	Summer hours are a little shorter than usual (they close an hour earlier), but are still long enough for a midday coffee break (you know, like the one you need around 2PM after inhaling a huge lunch at noon?). They also have lunch items available between 11-3PM on weekdays. Although I haven't tried all the options, the options that I have tried have all been pretty good - at least when compared to most cafe foods.For those of us working in the medical sciences center across the street, Aldo's is a blessing. The brightly-lit cafe with a high-ceiling is definitely a welcomed reprieve from the cramped quarters of a typical lab.Remember to check in on yelp for 10% off their frappes!
3	Good spot right on campus for someCoffee and a few lunch/breakfast items. I got a chai tea latte which was good and the rancheros burrito wrap. It is just the wrap and nothing else with it on the plate. It tasted fine and the latte was good. They have free wireless in the building which was great but their are no outlets anywhere to plug in. My computer desperately needed a charge so I only got about an hour of work done before it died.
4	I've had several business lunches at Aldo's over the las year. I've had a decent meal every time. Today I had a cup of the bean and bacon stew and the chicken carbonara salad. The cup of soup was bowl sized. The salad was huge. Then bean and bacon soup was OK, a bit salty. The Chicken Salad was fantastic. Creamy noodles and fresh greens tossed with bacon and big chunks of chicken. The menu seems to rotate or else I'm just not paying attention. Aldo's is in the Wisconsin Inst. of Discovery - it's a lovely setting and offers a bit of an upscale dining room in the heart of the UW campus. Give it shot.
