4	Lovely Blynk location smack dab at the center of Uptown! I've been to the other Blynk near 4th and Tryon but have yet to try this one even though it's closer to work. I was jonesing for a sandwich--not too big but not too small and happened to have a 25% off sandwich or salad coupon from the Yelp Elite Holiday Detox event (which I may have swipes more than two)I like this location better than the other because it has actually seating and is just more visually pleasing to the eye. I went before the lunch rush and was in and out in three months. Amen to that! I got the Chicken Twist sandwich and it was packed with flavor from the basil yogurt sauce to the fresh, crisp veggies. I swore I was only going to have half and save the rest for later but no, I scarfed that bad boy down! I love that you can go to their website and they tell you the calorie/fat content for all the items on their menu plus they have plus they have other nifty tools like a BMI calculator and links for green living, natural health,etc. Blynk is a super place to pick up a fresh and healthy breakfast or lunch!
4	I LOVE Blynk!!!  Besides the fact that it is all organic, the sandwiches and salads are great.  I LOVE the Duo (about $7) where you can get half a sandwich and a side salad (which is made to order).  YUM!!!!  The folks that work here have always been sweet and helpful (they will give you a little taste tester of the soups in a heartbeat!!)  The soups here leave something to be desired for me....just not my taste.  A bit bland I guess you could say.  The best part of this location is sitting in the window seats and watching the bustling foot-traffic in the Overstreet.  Starbucks is also right outside so you can top off your awesome healthy lunch with a cup of joe!  Love it!!!  :-D
2	Blynk used to be the embodiment of healthy, organic eating.  Unfortunately, over the last few months, the food quality - and availabilty - has decreased.  Since the beginning of the year, I've been trying to eat healthier, and have increased my visits to Blynk accordingly.  On a nearly weekly basis, I hear someone say "oh, you don't have [insert XYZ item] today?"  Sometimes it's soups (none of the usually 3 varieties today), sometimes it's chips or bread to accompany the soup, sometimes it's salad toppings (I heard someone say they were out of beets & feta - plus more? - today) or dressings, sometimes it's the yogurt or beverage options that are stored in the refrigerator shelving.  I don't know who's in charge of their inventory management - perhaps no one? - but it's become a consistent problem.  Additionally, the quality of what they do offer has also decreased.  There are some definite challenges they need to quickly address to continue to thrive, but I'm hopeful they can fix them in the blynk of an eye.
