4	Open 7 days a week. 14 day return policy- keep your receipt. New items every week, so you might wanna check this place out on a regular basis for the best deals. Located kitty-corner (in a strip mall) from the AMC theaters on North Rainbow, not too far away from Best In The West Shopping Center (Rainbow/Lake Mead). Heard about this place on Mix 94.1 FM, and told the hubby about it, so we checked it out last night- this is the new location. Parking lot was not empty, but not full either. There were lots of other customers inside. There were 5 clerks inside.The merchandise here has minor dings, scratches or dents- if any, at all, or the boxes are slightly damaged or taped up. Maybe the merchandise were customer returns or something like that. For whatever reason, this stuff ends up here. The Right side has Furniture- chairs, tables, couches, stools, a few bookcases, Beddinr- lots of full size bedding sets, sheet sets, pillows, curtains, etc., Housewares like Cuisineart, LeCrueset, Cooking appliances like Kitchenaid and small appliances like the Dyson Ball Vacuum Cleaner. The middle part has Electronics like Atari (yup, that's right), Uniden cordless phones, cell phones- GO phones, Tablets-Sony, PC's, cameras- Nikon, single Video Games like Skylanders Giants, and supplies- photo paper, ink cartridges. The left part has a few clothing, children's costumes, baby items, other large appliances like treadmills, grills and stands, fireplaces, children's toys and swings. At the cashier stations, there are assorted items for sale as well. If you have a smart phone, you can check www.Amazon.com for pricing, just to compare. For the most part, the prices are pretty good. We found a baby swing by Fisher Price for under $50, the same one on Amazon was $75. It is clean. The  store is not filled, there is empty space blocked off. It would help if there were plugs to check the electronics, but the cashier told us that all the items are tested and processed before going to the floor. Most items are clearly marked at the top right corner of the box. If there is an additional 20% off stamp in red on the price labels, these are clearance items; the exception to the 14 day return policy.
4	I absolutely LOVED this place!   I happened to find it on my way into Party City which is next door and decided to stop in. They have major name brand small kitchen appliances for a fraction of the retail price. I bought three items. A cakepop maker $10, a gourmet brass cooking pan with lid ($29) and a small Bella brand chocolate fountain. I have NOT tested these items in my home yet, but I have a feeling they will work great. I cant wait to go back and get the rest of the items on my list! One downfall; they do not take Amex. I understand that Amex charges a slightly higher rate... But I had over $400 additional items I would have purchased today had they accepted Amex; now I will have to come back another day. Bring a Visa or cash :)
1	Lots of overpriced open boxed items. some will like it, but I wasn't a fan. Why in the heck would you buy anything electronic from this place with no warranty is beyond me.
4	I went shopping here for a juicer after seeing one I was interested in listed on Craigslist. Listing their items on Craigslist, I thought, is a very smart way to advertise their business. Otherwise I would have never heard of Open Box Buy.  The store is very large with anything from electronics to kitchen appliances, towels, and they had a good selection of juicers (what I was originally looking for). The staff is so friendly here, something that is very important to me and often lacking in other large stores.  Like the name of store implies, many of the boxes have been previously opened due to a return, overstock from other stores, or maybe even because customers have looked inside. For this reason, if you are buying something with multiple parts, makes sure every piece is inside.  Once of the juicers I wanted to buy was missing several pieces and I'm glad I checked before I took it to the check out. The juicer I ended up buying did not work and the store took it back no problem - with reciept of course.  I don't fault the store for the faulty juicer, it just didn't work.  This store offers deep discounts because of the open boxes, so go check out the huge inventory. I don't think I'll buy any more electronics or anything running on a motor from here because I don't know (and neither do the staff) if the items are returns from other stores.  Things like knives, towels, pots, and pans, however, I would definately buy from here. Again, excellent staff!
2	Drove by this place and thought it might be a diamond in the rough!  It's more like an ugly rock!  Not much here, seems very empty, reminds me of garage sale left overs
4	This store is awesome if your lookin for a deal!!!  They have EVERYTHING! The biggest deals are all yellow tagged items that's the merchandise that been hangin around for a couple months. the longer it sits the better the deal!!
5	This store is amazing. It has a wide array in variety of items for the home from electronics, furniture, kitchenware, toys, shoes, decorations for the home, and an awesome and knowledgable staff. I highly recommend everyone check out this store!
1	This place is a joke, advertises up to 70% off retail but their self stated retail prices are  way above and beyond actual retail prices ex. First act acoustic guitar, at Walmart and target for $79.99 everyday, OBB states a $199.99 retail and is selling for $89.99. How about personalized floor mats with someone else's name on them only $29.99. An empty small tool box stated as a 115pc tool set retailed at $199.99 for $52.99. Most of the retail prices on the electronics are at least 6 months old(electronics depreciate a significant amount in the first few months) I walked around for about 5 minutes and left. Everything is overpriced. Some items are over retail. Better luck going to your regular big box store. If the pricing structure doesn't change it's going to be CLOSED BOX BYE BYE.
4	A strange store.  Lots of used (returns?) items along side older new merchandise.  Find the right item and you get a bargain but it's hit or miss.  A great place to stop by when in the mood to just buy something more substantial than what the dollar stores carry.  But don't show up with a list expecting to find everything.
3	This is a strange little store. If you are looking for something in particular then you probably will not find it but they do have a wide variety of items from rugs to ipod charging stations. I went in looking for a camera and they only had two which were actually on the smaller end and I was looking for a serious option. The women informed me that the way it works is that they buy all the open box stuff by the truck and whatever is on the truck is what they get and sometimes they don't know what is on the truck. (Very Strange) But then the employee stated I should try perhaps a pawn shop. So yeah this place is hit and miss and it very particular. So in the end I didn't buy anything but you can always go in and check.
4	Variety of items, good prices as well. I recommend checking this store out before buying something full price!
1	A weird place with almost nothing in it. And all the stuff was smashed looking. What a bizarre place...
5	I LOVE This Store!! I needed a Camera for my daughter to use in her 8th grade Yearbook class. After hours of researching Cameras, different features & price points, I finally found the perfect Camera. All I had to do now was find it, and buy it! Open Box Buy was selling this camera on Ebay for a great price, yet I needed it quickly! I noticed that they where a local store. So, I contacted the store by phone to ask if I could buy/pick-up in store. The rep I spoke to Rashida, was SO Helpful! I was worried the item would sell on ebay since it was a great price, before I could get into the store, so Rashida agreed to cancel the eBay listing if I could get there before close- SCORE! She promptly cancelled the listing on Ebay for me, and held it for pick-up. At the store, I received Excellent customer service from everyone & the store was immaculate. Then on top of all that Rashida gave us an AWESOME Deal. I will absolutely be coming back to this store! Thank YOU Open Box Buy!
