4	Canadian dim sum.I'm Chinese. I have a pretty high standard. My momma makes dim sum. I've even had dim sum from Hong Kong. So, this dim sum didn't really rock my world. BUT, it's pretty dang authentic dim sum. I'm sure this is a spot lots of Chinese in Quebec come to. I came here after running a race and boy, did it hit the spot. Grease, carbs, and chicken feet. That's all you need.Tips: The staff are fluent in Mandarin, Cantonese, English, and French. That's so crazy to me.
3	Hum....it is ok dim sum not really authentic but the service is quick and friendly. I went there early before 11AM when we left it became crowned. Good place for a large group.
4	I visited Montreal for a music festival and was lucky enough to be staying at the Travelodge on the edge of Chinatown.  The view was beautiful, the late night teahouses were amazing, and the food was stellar.  On our last day, we decided to have some delicious dim sum, so we go here early with a party of eight.  The location is excellent since it is in a climate controlled mall, so if there is a wait you can walk around to keep yourself entertained with many of the wonderful shops.  The restaurant itself is on one of the upper floors, so try to sit by the window for a beautiful view.  The service was fast and friendly, but the dim sum was so-so.  We ordered all of the standards like Gai Lan, Har Gow, and Rice Crepe.  Prices were really low at the time, because the dollar was stronger then.I come from Tampa, FL so having dim sum on cart just makes me really happy.  My experience here was wonderful and exciting, and I hope to return at least once a year.
5	This is THE place for Dim Sum in Montreal.
3	My delivery order placed through vvvv arrived in time and hot. Great food -- very good quality and quantity. Packaging could be better, but I'll definitely re-order from them (delivered by A La Carte Express / alce.ca).
1	I was attending a conference at the Palais des Congres, which abuts Chinatown, so it made sense to find some good dim sum for lunch. Thanks to Yelp, I found Maison Kam Fung a block away, inside a labyrinthine strip-mallish building. After stopping to ask for directions and following my helper to the restaurant, I ended up being seated across a large round table from two businessmen, since I was dining alone.The restaurant was packed, which gave me hope that the food would be excellent. The gai lan was cooked perfectly, and the server kindly cut it into smaller pieces when asked (I hate gnawing on large chunks of Chinese broccoli). And then there was a cart of food I wasn't interested in. And then there was a very, very long wait before the next cart appeared. In fact, the wait was so long that my tablemates complained to the staff. Finally, another cart appeared. This contained one of the best shrimp fun I've ever tasted.Then, since I was getting tired of waiting for more food, I stopped a waiter and asked for siu mai, shrimp and chive dumplings, and pork spareribs with black bean sauce. The siu mai was delivered promptly, but I was told to wait for the carts for the rest of the food. In the meantime, I tucked into the siu mai, which were very large but not very good. The ratio of pork to shrimp was off, and it tasted like a pork meatball. In the end I gave up waiting for anything else and just got some baked bows wrapped up to go. When I left the table to pay the bill, I put a few dollars down for a tip. At the register the host had the temerity to ask if I'd already left a tip as he handed me my change. I guess he was thinking he should just keep it if I'd been so gauche as to not tip.Needless to say, that left a very bad taste in my mouth. This was the worst dining experience I had in Montreal. I see no reason to ever return.
4	Great place but it can get busy often. Highly authentic cantonese cuisine.
3	Probably one of the better places in Montreal for Dim Sum. But come early and get a number because on the weekends this place is always packed!
3	We're used to having dim sum in the Boston area and nothing really compares to China Pearl in Quincy, MA.  This place was no exception.  We decided to try this place when I saw an ad for it in our hotel attractions guide.  They advertised themselves as the best dim sum restaurant in Montreal and man, if it is, that's pretty sad.  The food wasn't terrible.  It's just nowhere near the quality of what we're used to in Boston.  We ordered the usual, shrimp dumplings, shiu mai, cow stomach, egg tarts, stuffed eggplant, and maybe a few other things.  The stuff was just ok.  The restaurant was actually pretty small and even at 1pm, there was a fairly long wait.  I felt like the food wasn't coming around often enough despite the number of people.  There was no specialty foods section and some things that we're used to seeing on carts, we didn't see at all.  At the time, they didn't have any shrimp ha-churn or sticky rice, or lo mai gai.  Those are all pretty common but we didn't see them at all.Can't pass up dim sum on a weekend morning but if there's nothing better in Montreal, I guess I'd come here again
1	HORRIBLE. This used to be my favourite restaurant in 2008 and prior, but when i returned in 2009 it had gone SEVERELY DOWNHILL. the service and food were HORRIBLE. our waiter was rude and unhelpful and upon serving us the INCORRECT dishes, he refused to return them. the "fresh fish" was not only not fresh but it was near-rotten and had a pungent old odor. when we asked to exchange it for the fresh sea bass, instead of exchanging it they gave us a fresh sea bass and charged us $50. teh bill for 2 people turned out to be $150 due to their negligence and poor service. i will NEVER return to la maison kam fung.
3	Decent dim sum, adequate service, really good prices!  The carts came around pretty often.  You have to wait for your actual server if you want anything extra like more hot sauce.  Five of us were well stuffed for $11 each including a decent tip.  We got there at 11am and were seated right away.  When we left the hallway was packed with people holding numbers waiting for their tables.  Get there early on Sunday if you don't want to wait!
4	Kam Fung is a place for someone looking to eat like a wolf and pay like a miser. As it's always full of Chinese patrons, it must be worth a try.Do not come in a party smaller than 4. You will be seated at a small table in the corners or at a large table with other patrons. Pay cash!You have to think ahead and get the dim sum when the cart goes by. The place is huge and the cart ladies are busy, so you might wait 10 minutes between dim sum carts. I steer away from the heavier-sauced stuff they offer and stick to dim sum and a few fried dishes.I agree with other reviewers who say the food isn't exactly pure Chinese or the best meal of your life. But it's good food and excellent value.All in all one can expect to stuff one's face and spend $15 or thereabouts, depending on the expensiveness of your taste.
2	A Toronto native, I'm used to having authentic, mind-blowing chinese food and dim sum. So while visiting Montreal, my relatives brought me to Maison Kam Fung which they claimed is the best Chinese food you'll get in Montreal. Considering how tiny Montreal's Chinatown is, I believed them.Maison Kam Fung was really busy when we got there, but we were seated within 10 minutes. The attractive aspect of this place is the traditional way in which the dim-sum is brought (or carted) out. There are not many places nowadays that use the carts because it just causes too much problems (i.e. bumping into people, etc). The food itself was alright. Not good, by any means, but you don't go to Montreal to eat Chinese food. Overall, I won't be going again, unless I'm desperate to satisfy my monosodium glutamate cravings.
4	The food was above average, but not mind-blowing.  The price was right though and the service was quick given the throngs of hungry patrons in the dining hall.  Given the significantly sized Chinatown in Montreal I have to say, I was hoping for something a little bit more exciting, but this was by no means bad.
4	Taking the recommendations of a friend of a friend, I headed to Maison Kam Fung to get some takeaway.  The restaurant is on the 2nd floor - and the only way I found it was because of the neon sign in the window. You go through what seems like the entrance to an apartment block but it's actually a mini mall. Upstairs is a huge room full of round tables and most of the customers are of chinese descent.  The staff seem friendly and are bustling.It took longer than they said it would take but I was in no rush. The food was fantastic. I went for the steamed shrimp dumplings, tofu and vegetables and steamed rice. Way too much food!  The dumplings were by far my favorite and I wished I had just got a few sets of dumplings. The tofu and veggies were generous with huge chunks of lightly fried tofu, big chunks of broccoli and mushrooms. It's like they read my mind. My favorite veg. I'd definitely go there again and would recommend to go for the dim sum.
4	Note: was here recently (August 2014) outside of the popular lunchtime dim sum (before 11am... they open at 7am!) and they give you a menu with photos and English on it to order off of - perfect!One of the better Chinese restaurants in the city, imo. Very authentic. Unfortunately, the last time we were there, the service was incredibly slow (to start). But the food was great. We had a really delicious clay=pot lamb stew that came with bok choy, bamboo shoots (which I love!), and large shiitake mushrooms. We also tried a snake soup - I've never had that before - which had a nice spicy ginger flavour, and the snake tastes and looks like chicken breast, so don't be put off by that! I've been here for dim sum on the weekends as well and I really like it. Lots of choices and traditional dishes.Best to make a reservation as it gets quite busy.
3	Little carts buzzing by bringing you all sorts of delicious treats.  Shrimp dumplings, char Sui dumplings, flat noodles, etc.  Love it.
3	The food was more like 2.5 stars since I will complain about the lack of egg tarts and variety during a busy Sunday dim sum service.  To their credit, everything was fresh, but we expected more carts given the volume of people there.  We waited about 15 minutes, which seemed odd since the hallway outside Maison Kam Fung was packed.  Service was friendly, though. When we changed our mind about the high chair, they cheerfully took it back.   I'd take this kind of service any day over the kind of service we get in Richmond, BC.  These elements make Maison Kam Fung a 3 star for us.  More shrimp than you can shake a stick out, which was great for our vegetarian member of our party.  Still, I'm baffled why we never saw an egg tart on any of the carts during our hour there.  Maybe we had to special order it through our server.
3	Hmm.... my family and I come here each time we're in Montreal, which is pretty annual. We come for dim sum and dinner. Dim sum is just so and so. Not really many choices and the choices aren't super delicious. Enough to fill you up and on your way out.Dinner is pretty good. The dishes are bigger than we thought, so there were plenty of food. The waiting staff is pretty friendly, one was a bit nosy, but I guess we looked like foreigners.
1	Service slow, food not very good, waiter rude, had to ask busboy for food, and drinks. When bill came, waiter very argumentive because we gave the tip to the busboy, not him. Owner then got into a argument with our host who paid the bill. Our host had been there a few years earlier, but now will never go back.
1	Service was not to par, bordering to poor. Food is just so so, not the best as depicted by some of the reviews. This restaurant is probably set up for banquets and not for dining experience. Skip it and find some place else.
4	I have yum cha here about once a month. The portions are quite and good and the food is generally consistent. There is no rhyme or reason in the order that they bring out the food and sometimes you find yourself waiting 30 minutes for a dish to come out. But that's all part of the yum cha experience.
4	Every once in awhile, we wake up early enough on a weekend morning to text our friends "Dim sum at 10?". If they agree, we always meet at Kam Fung. The earlier the better, because it fills up fast - there's always a long line by the time we leave. I love the steamed shrimp, scallop, and pork dumplings, the BBQ pork buns, and the Chinese broccoli. Washed down with some Chinese tea, it's the perfect antidote to a Friday or Saturday night out.
5	When I used to take trips up to Montreal to visit relatives, we split our time between my uncles' houses and Chinatown. So on my first trip to Montreal as an adult (with my best friend), I thought, "I need to go see the city outside of Chinatown." However, it was rainy when we first arrived so we wandered into a mall close to our hotel. Lo and behold, it was a mall of Chinese shops and we were on the edge of Chinatown. We suddenly happened upon this dim sum place and one should not walk away when food beckons to them.We ordered all our usual dishes: shumai, various steamed dumplings, spare ribs, etc. Everything was flavorful and cooked to perfection without excessive oil, grease, and salt. My favorite dish, believe it or not, was the egg tart. It was THE most perfect egg tart I had ever tasted; the crust was flaky with a hint of salty and sweet, and the custard was the perfect amount of sweet and yellow. Both of us got so hooked on the egg tarts, we actually went back the following day. Sadly, we got there too late and they were all sold out! Apparently, they sell out by the mid-afternoon.
4	This restaurant is on the second floor of a building on the edge of Chinatown, which is small, just a few blocks.  We came just as the lunch crowd left so we didn't have a problem getting a table.  We had seafood dumplings, greens, mango gelatin dessert, noodles, and some things I'm not sure of, but we ate it anyway. Overall, it was a good experience.
2	All in all, this was a pretty disappointing dim sum experience.  They do carts as well as ordering, so we sat down and placed an order of a few dishes.  It took a really long time for our order to come out, and by that time what we had ordered had come out on carts already.  The food was alright, certainly not spectacular in comparison to other dim sum places in other cities.  The service was standard, but we had to ask for water and tea, as well as our check.
4	Really inexpensive, good quality.  Better than any dim sum I've had in San Francisco (and I've made the rounds there).  The custard and coconut buns are highly recommended, as is the vegetarian noodle bowl.
1	This place has carts. That is the end of the positive aspects of this review.Ok...So, maybe I came at the wrong time, it was Monday, and it was 1:45pm...so maybe that is what happened, but I gotta tell you, this is perhaps the worst dim sum I've ever had. Ouch, right? it's true! I am normally the fat kid in a candy shop when I'm at a dim sum joint, even if it isn't great, I'll eat every little bit. I left nearly two and a half full (of the 5 I ordered) plates on the table.Here are some specifics for those of you that want to know...1) The Shrimp Rice noodle...was OK...the shrimps were at least shrimpy and large, and the sauce was passable.2) The Fried shrimp dumplings. ICK! These are some of my faves, because they are so easy to do, and so hard to screw up...Kam Fung...you screwed them up. It tasted as if someone had deep fried them, let them sit out for a couple hours, microwaved and then soaked them in Oil. They were the greasiest, unappetizing, foul little things ever...yick!3) The pan fried shrimp and chive patty things...god...if I thought nothing could be worse than the fried shrimp dumplings...i was severely mistaken. These were literally falling apart...in a bad way...they had no flavor other than disgusting.4) The Xiu Mai (pork dumpling) was tough, hot at least, but you ate it in full chunks, cause you had no choice5) The char sui bao (bbq pork dumpling) was alright...but pretty flavorless and the pastry was yicky...Here's the worst of it...The soy sauce...was AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! In a Kikoman bottle and was either 19 months past its due date, or was some knock off that was baked in the sun with sonny's secret sauce (lard). The soy sauce was greasy and coated everything with this OIL (think car oil) like quality. Seriously though...it was like the Exxon-Valdez all over again!  Thank god there were no penguins!By the way, the bathroom is around corner. It is not the one that requites a key however, if you are at that bathroom, go towards the restaurant and turn left at the next door. Please...eat anywhere but here...like McDonalds, or Fishy Joes...
4	One of the Best Dim sum houses in Montreal! I'm from NYC and quickly realized how spoiled we are since we have 2 Chinatowns (NYC & QUEENS) So after moving here I asked around where we can have dim sum and was told Ruby Rouge.  Nice large dim sum house but the food was not up to par.  Being chinese and knowing good dim sum you can always tell by a good dim sum house by their "Har Gow" ( shrimp dumping)  Sort of like going to a italian restaurant and finding out they can't make a proper plate of spaghetti!   In A har Gow-The Shrimp dumpling rice skin should be soft, moist, silky and the inside should have full perfectly cooked shrimps inside!  ~Fail~ Not what we got at Ruby Rouge! Tough rubbery skin and tasteless over cooked shrimp!  I won't go into the other 3 dishes we ordered... FAIL~After being disappointed I asked where do all of the local chinese people go to and was told by a shop owner KAM FUNG on the second floor.  We went the next weekend and as packed as it was we did finally get a seat!  The test... Har Gow! Yes.. it was excellent!  Hong Kong quality and the rest of the dishes from the pork dumplings, fried seafood wraps, crispy dumplings, and yes the very difficult to pull off... braised chicken feet!  Impressive for a little dim sum house in Montreal!  I can say that as I'm from Hong Kong!  ...Now you want a 5 star rating?  Go to their sister restaurant  in Brossard! (7209 Taschereau, unit 111, Brossard, QC J4Y 1A1Phone: (450) 462-7888)  This one gets the full 5 stars!  The decor, design and food are a home run!  I have brought family visiting from NYC & HK and they all have said the food and experience are very Hong kong!  Well done Kam Fung Brossard!  Their hostess Veronica Kwan took it up a notch with her suggestions and her excellent service!  If you can find transportation to Brossard go if not you will enjoy Kam Fung in Montreal!
4	Not easy to find but well worth the search. We walked up and down Rue Saint-Urbain. It took a few passes to realize it was inside a large building upstairs. We went for dim sum and it was really quite tasty. We ordered the following dishes served off the carts:1.) Chinese broccoli2.) Hai Gow3.) Shiu Mai4.) Duck feet wrapped in Soy bean 5.) Scallop dumplings6.) Black Bean ribs7.) Shrimp & chive dumplingAll the food came out hot and delicious. The service was good, tea refilled quickly and the prices reasonable.
4	I went there for a sunday brunch of dim sum.Food was very good and a lot of choice. I like Chinese dim sum for brunch i feel that it's more healthy the traditional eggs and bacon.One of my favorite dish was the ha-cao which are shrimp and some kind of rice paste.Very tasty and one order comes in 4 so you can share it or not ! :)Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
4	This is definitely the best dim sum in Montreal. As with any dim sum place anywhere, show up early. This goes double for large groups.
4	This is a good place for Dim Sum, just at the edge of the Montreal China Town.  Although the placement inside a mall is not the most scenic or engaging, the food is good and the atmosphere is appropriate for a Dim Sum place.  The dishes tend towards the greasy, but that isn't so unusual for Dim Sim.  Several people have compared this restaurant to ones elsewhere; I've had Dim Sum in Shanghai a few times, and for me this place compares well.  A more detailed comparison with a specific restaurant versus a city or country is silly since Shanghai, for example, has both good places and awful ones, and it's a subjective issue.  What I really want to find it a good authentic Chinese steamed bun (xiaolongbao) restaurant in Montreal (something like Din Tai Fung).
4	I have been sent on a quest for Dim Sum.  This is Serious Business.I'm wearing my travel digs:  White t-shirt, gray unstructured sport coat, black pleated slacks.  Oakley Crosshair 2.0 wraparounds complete the look, which is somewhere between polished and menacing.  Gradually my relative size to the people around me starts to increase as I walk past hair salons that reek of "the Greener grass" effect, herbal dispensaries that have linked cancer to sexual power and cured both with dried ground endangered species.  Gradually I'm a full foot and change taller than almost everyone around me, and one of a very few non-oriental race members.  I narrow my eyes behind my sunglasses, and the sea parts long enough for me to get a number in reply to my "one, for lunch" request.  Time passes.  My number is called and It's time to dine.  I'm seated near the glass wall by the menu, and for a brief delusional moment I think this means the carts will not make it to me in a timely fashion.  The carts start arriving being shoved by Chinese women who equate the turn of my head with a leaping embrace, a bellow of joy, and a hissing demand for a slightly larger portion than normal while my fingers grip their hair tightly.  After five fast dishes I am literally terrified to move, but I'm managing to smile and shake my head "no" which seem to tell them to "invoke the hurt sobbing of a spurned lover and plead piteously."  Two more plates arrive in this manner, and I realize how alone I am just now.  While I am no virgin, there's only so much that will fit.  As for the food -- at some point I'm pretty sure dim sum offerings are sent out just to mess with you.  It starts normally enough, with known offerings and expected pleasures.  "Shrimp dumplingShuMaiYouWantYes?"  Soon, however "CatKidneyPoachedSquidInkYes?" Umm... "CrispyPorkMarinated-" so far so good "UterusWithGarlicYes?" *Wince, ponder* "Bring It."  Eyes glance over and money exchanges hands, and the next round of betting on what will the gwai-low eat next begins.  There's an old Chinese woman grinning like I just won her rent money, so the last couple of dishes (what am I up to.. eight?) I take her advice.  She winds up laughing with me and we split the last dish of whole fried prawns, which we eat heads, tails and all.  Without being able to speak to eat other we have tea as annoying children pound on the glass wall we're both seated against -- at one moment we communicate clearly, however.  The child's antics crescendo, and we both fix the beastie with Death Glares.  He looks at both of us, pales, and runs to his mother's terrified arms.  The old woman and I meet eyes, and I think "dead before he hits the ground" and she answers "and then prepared in the classic manner with fermented bean paste, garlic, hot chili oil and scallions."    Thin smiles, and then it's time to go.  I will miss Montreal, and especially this restaurant.
3	It's been awhile since I've done dim sum. This place is located in chinatown at the top of a mall complex with a nice view if you get seated next to the window. The food is your typical dim sum, nothing too special. The food wasn't spectacular or special, but the people were very pushy, which is common. It took them a long time to bring us water, and even longer to just get us a pitcher as we were finishing our waters pretty quickly on a Sunday morning, after drinking all night Saturday. Very cheap though, you can have a feast for a group of 4 for about $50.
4	The place is crowded for dim sum, but it's worth the wait. For supper, it's a little bit expensive, but the food is great and it's comfortable.
4	I ate here twice in two weeks, once at night and once for dim sum.I rarely come here for dinner, because dinner here is not to my liking. From chow mein to mayo shrimp to war sui gai, everything is average.The Dim Sim though is another story, I usually come here for dim sum, it's well done. the dumplings are flavorful. Mtl dim sum is quite sad compared to vancouver and san Francisco, in terms of variety. In terms of variety it's not great but for what they make they make it well. I ate well for dim sum :) and the carts here pass often so the wait is not too long before you find something you like. They refill the tea quite quickly here, tip: once your teapot is empty just flip the lid and they'll come to refill it for you :) it works in all chinese restos...
2	Coming from New York where Dim Sum runs amok in city, it's hard to go somewhere that can match it. Unfortunately, Maison Kam Fung fell short like many other places outside of New York and San Francisco. First a quick observation was that this was actually the first Chinese restaurant I've been to where they actually have seating for 2 at a Dim Sum restaurant, which was interesting. The restaurant is located on the 2nd floor and pretty much occupies the corner of the building. It's pretty spacious still, but was crowded on a Friday morning when I went.Much of the Dim Sum that we ordered was just not up to the standards I was used to in NY, but it might be a matter of preference because the stuffing in the items were not what I expected. Many of their dishes were stuffed with pork, which is not what I'm used to. The spring rolls are actually just smaller egg rolls. They did serve the usual dishes you will see, such as Ha Gao, but still the selection seemed to be lacking some items. On the bright side though, their egg custards were very good with the crispy flaky crust and they offered the coconut squares which I love!Although the food was disappointing, it was not surprising, since Montreal is not known for their Dim Sum or Chinatown. If you're looking for quality Dim Sum in Canada, Toronto is probably where you'll find it, not Montreal.
3	I agree with a lot of reviews for this place, it's not the best dim sum you'll ever have (especially if your from San Fran, Toronto or NYC) but it's definitely not bad at all. The variety of dim sum is limited but you don't mind it so much once you see how quick and prompt the service is which says a lot since they had long lines of people waiting for a table before and after we left.
4	In this review, I am only going to talk about their dim sum.I absolutely loved it. The service was very friendly and personal, and I was really happy with the suggestion of the waitress for the Cantonese Sponge Cake. It was not too sweet and it was very fluffy.Their steamed short ribs was also a delight, and thoroughly cooked.The decor and the ambience was mediocre. They have traditional carts and the menu to order your dishes from. The only downside of the place is that some items from their dim sum menu were not available until noon.
3	Stopped here for supper on a Saturday night. The place was busy as could be. The hostess made us come back twice for a table for two and was actually quite rude about it. We ordered a seafood menu for two. The food was good and plentiful though definitely not the best I've had. We had enough for two days though! The decor and atmosphere very basic (not in the Scandinavian sense!) . All in all, a quite average eating experience.
4	Oh man, as tourists who had no idea where we were going and no access to maps, it definitely took us awhile to find this place. Which was mainly our fault because we didn't have the exact address. Oops. Based upon what I was seeing on the interent, this was the must-go, best dim sum place in Montreal and my friends and I definitely weren't disappointed.Very solid dim sum and solid service. My friend decided to bring his container of pork floss... and although it definitely elicited a few strange stares from the waiters and waitresses, we ended up engaging in some pretty hilarious conversation with the people who were there making our dining experience that much more amusing.We ordered the typical dim sum foods and all of it was excellent by all standards. Three of us are Californians and used to being spoiled with yummy Asian food and Kam Fung's dim sum was excellent. Nothing bad to be said about it. The line does get very long though as it does with most dim sum restaurants, so definitely come early!! We got lucky enough to squeeze right in without a wait, but I would say that the line outside when we finished eating was probably at least an hour wait long.tldr; excellent dim sum place, a must go if you're craving yummy authentic dim sum in Montreal!
4	Our family loves Yum Cha (dim sum in cantonese)!  We went there for father's day, arrived quite early (10:00am-10:30am) and got a table straight away - we saw there was a big queue on the way out!  We have had much better yum cha in different parts of the world but well, this is the best in Montreal and it's good and the restaurant is just like the usual chinese resto, noisy and busy!!  We will go again when we feel that dim sum craving!!
2	Uggghhh. I have been here a few times, and it is simply not all that great.  The servers continually come around with carts full of greasy, fried Chinese food that may or may not be hot.The service is terrible and only about one in three dishes is particularly good.  The fried shrimp balls and the egg tarts are among the better options.However, and this is a big "however", if you like the idea of a Chinese buffet that is brought to your table by people who speak no English or French, you may like it.  There are also lots of Chinese people who eat here, so i am open to the possibility of being way off base on this one. Some of the fried items my friends who insist on coming here rave about taste eerily similar to lukewarm Chicken McNuggets to me.If you have a group of friends and a couple of pre-dinner drinks before coming here, you might love this. It may also be good for those who want to eat in preparation for something like the World Chinese Food Eating Competition (or poor, hungry college students).
5	Excellent Authentic Chinese food.    I took some friends and we all shared the following:   EIght treasures Clay Pot, Fish with baby Bok Choy, Steak with Peppered marinate and Ginger and Scallion Steamed chicken.  All items were prepared very well.   The service was prompt and attentive.   This could be a problem sometimes when the lounge is fully occupied, but our waiter was very good.     They also serve Americanized Chinese, but the Dim Sum and the Authentic Chinese dishes are WNNERS..
3	A very typical Chinese restaurant. We came here for lunch dim sum -- didn't blow me away. The xiao long bao looked non-juicy, and we never saw chicken feet, soy milk, or you tiao carts coming by. We were planning to have a large group dinner, but it turns out that the restaurant lost its liquor license for some reason. When we asked whether we could BYOB, we were at first told yes by a sketchy male manager, but then subsequently no and "get out of here, I'm too busy to answer to you" by a female manager. We did end up having our large group dinner here, and the dishes were either awesome hits (lobster) or grave misses (Peking duck, ma po tofu, seafood soup). The only positive I have to say about this place is that you don't have to wait for seating, even at dinner rush hour, and the food was served reasonably quickly compared to the other restaurants in Chinatown.
4	Good dim sum and a great deal. The atmosphere is standard dim sum restaurant (nothing fancy) but the value of the deal makes up for it.
4	My family and I came up here with another family for dim sum on Labor Day.  We drove all the way from Burlington, VT.  It was well worth the drive!  We arrived around 11:30am.  They sat our party of 8 right down (although I think normally there is a wait time because of how popular it is).  The place was packed.  The dim sum carts came by regularly enough to keep your mouth watering.  My only complaint is that it is very confusing who your specific waiter is because a variety of servers are walking around.  I did make a special request for two young kids in our party who just wanted white rice and chicken.  They cooked that up for us, but it took some time.  Overall, a good experience.
3	This was my favorite Chinese in Montreal. I have been going here 1 - 2 times each year for over 10 years.  Up until last year, i would have rated the food here a 4  to 4.5 stars.  But last year when I went the food did not seam as good.  Just thought it was an off night???I went again last night and the food was not good.  I rated it overall 3 stars because of the  service.  Theservice was better than in it was in the past.  Service was very efficient.  I would rate the food last night as 2 stars, the food was bland.  Had Szechuan Shrimp, it was very sweet, no kick at all.  Same with the chicken dish, it seemed to lack spice.  No kick at all.  The Hot n Sour was decent, I liked it, my partner did not.  It did lack "KICK".    Anyway, I hope it was just what i ordered and/or another off night.  AI'll probably give it one more chance before trying another place.
1	Maison Kam Fung has changed owners. All has changed - the staff, the food, the attitude. We have to give it up, and we used to love it and frequent it often. Looking now for a replacement!!! Any suggestions welcome. Will try Maxim on St. Laurent tonite.Mona
4	The concept of this restaurant is interesting. You sit down at a table and waiters pass around the tables with trolleys (yes, just like in Harry Potter) and offer different kinds of food. If you are interested, they serve you some and write down on your bill that you ordered this food from this particular category. So your bill will look something like this: Three orders from category A at $3,50 = $10,50One order from category B at $3,00 = $3,00Total: $13,50(I am paraphrasing the concept. Don't ask what categories A or B are about. This is just an example off the top of my head) The way the receipt is made makes you think what you ordered will cost a lot but actually it is the opposite, especially if you split the bill with someone. It becomes one great bargain. My friend and I ordered six things: 2 types of dumplings, potatoes with shrimp, octopus, salt and pepper shrimps, and dessert. I remember seeing a trolley of rice, vegetables, boiled dumplings, shrimps and miscellaneous. Overall, the food was really good. I discovered new things that I had never heard about and thus I cannot describe their quality. What I can say about the salt and pepper shrimps, since I could eat them every day, is that they were cooked with the shell. Even though it is super healthy to eat the shell once in a while (according to my Chinese friend), I am not a fan. Also, since it is fried with the shell, make sure to eat the shrimps quickly otherwise the shell gets is hard again. Our total bill was $24,50 with tip, which makes it $12,50. Good food + an entire meal below $15 (with taxes and tips) = I'm a fan.
4	For Montreal this is about as authentic as it can get for 'real' dim sum. I mean it's great after a night out, it's got all the favorites like Har Gow, Shiu Mai, etc.. and like all Dim Sum places, it's always cheaper with more people...
4	My favourite place for Dim Sum or Yum Cha if you prefer. There are line-ups, so be aware that you will have to stand or sit and wait. Particular nice are the peanut dumplings and rice in lotus leaf. The carts will tend to bypass you if you aren't Asian with some of the dishes. If you do want them, you will need to call them over for them, if you want them. I guess they are getting used to people making a face when they are offered chicken feet :)There are a number of seats that aren't optimal, so be ready to ask to be wait longer if you aren't flexible. In particular there are two tables near the kitchen where you are sort of in a corner as well as one near the door that of course has everyone walk past.
4	Wind your way through the odd commercial labyrinth that hides the wide windows and dumpling cart derby of Kam Fung, walk past the line to get your name on the list, then sit with the families lining the benches and listen closely for your number. Hope to get a good seat, at the confluence of cart paths and close to the kitchen door for optimum hotness. If you've come before or read reviews and know some things you want to order don't hesitate to let the staff know, they are friendly and fast and your needs will be met. The dumplings, including seafood, all taste fresh and delicious, same with all the veg. The smelt did not agree with us entirely, but then, we were not smelt ready. We may never be.
4	A fun way to spend a few hours with people you like to talk to. I have a whole blog review for this wonderful place. http://thatonetimeatbandcamp.wordpress.com/2013/05/19/tongue-trials-1-dim-sum-repost/Pros - Inexpensive, fun, try different foodsCons - Can have a long wait to be seated during certain hours/daysFood - deliciousService - non-personalized but quickPrice - cheapDecor - n/a
4	This place has great dim sum! The wait, although a bit annoying, is worth it. The custard buns are awesome, as is most of the food. The only other drawback, however, is that some of the waiters had a bit of difficulty understanding us, but generally the cart ladies would be able to steer you in the right direction.
4	I've been here a couple of times now, and really like it. The food is nice and so is the hectic lunchtime crowd. Great classics like bao and shumai. For the price it's worth it to sit down and eat some dumplings and other appetizers. Many of the dumplings were not available in the breakfast hours, but they still had a few along with sesame balls and tea. That is a great combination to start off any day.
4	The best way to experience dim sum is with a pack of your best friends!Go (early!!) for a weekend lunch. Be adventurous and try everything (and yes, that means the chicken feet and tripe, too!). But definitely get the siu mai, har gow, potstickers and eggplant... even the pickiest of your party should find something to enjoy here.
4	Had a great time here, very good dim sum!!!
3	Again, coming from Toronto, this place falls short of what Toronto has.  Most places in TO will have specialty dim sum dishes that sets them apart from others but,  this place had nothing special.   We were there for about 1. 5 hr, waiting for duck feet and beef tripe.   Restaurant they not serve those items for some reason. Not many dessert items at all. But food was not that bad... if I was in mood for dim sum and in the Montreal area,  I guess I would come back.Price was reasonable I guess.
4	This is considered the go-to place for dim sum in Montreal. And have no fear, this place accepts credit and debit as well. I was here on a wonderful Monday afternoon, belly completely prepared for the onslaught of meat and dim sum for I did not have breakfast (not an unusual circumstance for me). Though it's no all-you-can-eat, this place really feels like one. Chinese waitresses come around with carts of various dishes, among which you make a selection (if you wish), as though you're at a street vendor. But I advise you to come with someone who speaks Chinese, if you obviously do not know the language, because these waitresses will not be giving you the equivalent English names of the Chinese names of their delicious wares. My personal favourites were the dim sum (no surprise) and the fried noodles. Pretty much everything there had a unique flavor that was good enough to help you devour the entire piece. According to my half-Chinese friend, best way to end a meal there is to have a plate of jello. Their jello is very refreshing and they offer two flavours: mango and coconut. As I detest coconut, we went with mango. He was right! It was very refreshing and I would be more than happy to take some home with me. But we ended up eating it all here. We also ordered the egg tarts, and already full by this point, we decided on taking the egg tarts home. The two other times that I'd been here, I was in a large group of at least 5 or more. This time it was just me and one other. I was worried that they'd only have the large round tables. To my relief, they had tables for couples, though not many. I had a pleasant time, maybe a little too much pleasure since I stayed here for close to four hours. If you're ever on a date or need to make a quick decision to eat somewhere with one friend, Maison Kam Fung will not disappoint you.
3	Wow, there was no line-up on a Saturday at 1:pm! We rolled up and got a table for 3 right away. Then we began selecting what looked good. If I can remember it all, we had: pork and thousand egg congee, har gow, green pepper with shrimp paste, fried pork dumplings, gai lan, bbq pork pastries, fried squid, fried tofu, rice roll with cruller, sesame balls with red bean paste, and soft tofu with ginger sauce. All the items we pretty darn good, but this is a picky point for me: the bathroom was kinda icky! Ugh, a total experience downer.
4	I loved this place, I am not one of the many Yelpers from Toronto who are apparently spoiled so if your do not fall in that category you may love this as much as I do. Fantastic pork buns and lots of enjoyable side dishes. We had some kind of coconut pastry that was fantastic. It was a little much as it is extremely loud and busy as you have people just rolling around it carts to serve food.My husband has never been to any type of Chinatown or anything of that nature so he was pretty surprised by what this place was like it was a little overwhelming for him so maybe a good thing to keep in mind. Would come back here in a heartbeat makes a fun Sunday brunch.
4	Great dim sum on a rainy Wednesday afternoon. Staff was friendly/polite to English speakers. Really enjoyed roasted pork bun.
5	Best dim sum I've ever had! Visited Montreal  for a quick weekend trip and we're so happy to check this place out before we left. There was a lot of people but the wait wasn't bad for six people. Keep in mind this place is inside a tiny, dim mall. Really fresh food and you can tell it's fresh out of the oven. Amazing shrimp dumplings and this is coming from someone who eats dim sum all the time in NYC.
4	Came here on an early Friday morning, staff was very friendly and helpful, the food came out fast and probably some of the best dim sum I've ever had in Montreal.  I like the fact that it's open at 7am and even though it's located in a small strip plaza on the second floor (hard time finding it at first) it's well worth the price...you'll go home full and happy.
5	We went here for lunch with our three children and it was a hit. It was the first time that we took our kids to a Dim Sum restaurant and the kids loved the fact that they could see and choose the food they were going to eat. Some of our favorite dishes were the steamed pork buns, mango pudding, spring rolls, and of course, the dumplings. The total meal for the 5 of us cost about $50.We walked to Kam Fung after doing the IMAX theater in the old port. it is a hidden gem in a dingy mall and isn't easy to find. We couldn't immediately find the name of the restaurant on the building when we were standing in front of it and the restaurant is upstairs in the mall. The staff was also very friendly which is something we were not used to in a Dim Sum restaurant :-)
4	This place was fun and hectic and worth the wait.  My first dim sum breakfast and while not everything was my cup of tea, I enjoyed what I chose.
4	This place has excellent all round Chinese food. Standard fare + dumplings. We came here and ordered one of the set meal's for two and loved everything. It's also reasonably priced. Might come back to try the dumplings which we were way too full for.Excellent Chinese in Chinatown. I'd been looking for a standard fare place like this for a quite a while.
3	Stopped in here with a large party and were able to order in Cantonese. We hadYam cakeShu MaiFried veggie dumpling Char siu baoTripeChive pancakeFried something  with mayoAll the typical dim sum stuff. All of it was good. the chive pancake, recommended by our server, was excellent.This seems to  be the go-to dim sum place in Montreal; we had to wait, but not too long, for a table. Service was efficient.We've had both better and worse dim sum. This place is okay and we would go back.
5	Yes,  indeed the place is the reference  for fine Cantonese cuisine.  Many time  we have  been there,  they have  always managed  to live up high  standards.
3	Should be one of the most decent places in Chinatown but if you are expecting to eat good Chinese food then it will be difficult to find this in montreal. It's incomparable to Toronto or Vancouver. If you want a banquet style or family style Chinese dinner then this is a decent place but only compared to other places in montreal. I would recommend that if you were to pick a place to come here for that. Pretty good fish and vegetables.If you want dimsum then this is a fun place to come to with the carts and people. The shrimp tasted it's been in the freezer for awhile and the egg tarts were ice cold.In summary, still recommend to come here for one of the better Chinese cuisines in montreal.
