3	The Auld Hundred is an unchanging institution, which has been around since the 1980s. It's right in the centre of the city. It has fairly typical bar food, with an upstairs area too.
4	Nice bar restaurant on Rose Street just up from Princess Street. Has restaurant area upstairs and food is goo although can be slow when it's busy. Bar downstairs is quite small but good selection of wines beers etc and reasonably priced given it's location.
3	I would never open a pub on Rose Street, for one simple reason. There are so many along here that yours would have to be pretty amazing to stand out. And whilst there's nothing hugely wrong with the Auld Hundred, it doesn't really offer anything that you won't find in any of the other places along here.It's in a gorgeous old building (hence the name Auld Hundred I guess, given its address!) so it's automatically got some of that olde worlde charm you'd expect t find, with the low ceilings and relaxed feel to it. And it does serve more than it's fair share of real ales. But it's also part of a chain, which definitely takes something away from the character side of things.I didn't eat in here, although I did have a gander at the food menu, and it looked pretty samey and standard too. Pie and mash, baked potatoes etc etc... not exactly food that you won't find anywhere else.
3	Any pub on Rose St immediately has to compete with swathes of competitive drinking holes. As a result the Auld Hundred seems like another humdrum offering with nothing of particular attraction here. Then again, that may be exactly what the clientele like: a reliable and no frills establishment.You'll find typically generous pub size portions with regards to food and a modest selection of ales, A- OK.
4	I have been here for lunch many times and for dinner once. There always seems to be seats available in the small restaurant upstairs although I'm sure, like anywhere in Edinburgh, it would be more difficult to get seating when the festival is on in August. My colleagues and I are big fans of the macaroni and cheese, the steak pie and chips and the baked potatoes. The food is consistantly tasty and service is excellent.
4	Damn, but I have to say it, if not my stomach will be in pain, place is pretty average. Dont get me wrong, was Monday so what the hell I should have been expected? Exactly, on Monday every places look deadly quiet, like gas station in the middle of Arizona's desert. Place is OK. Im giving 4 stars because girl behind the counter was attractive... and that's good business way, worth to develop.
