5	This is the best Mexican food I've had in Montreal, and I know what Mexican is supposed to taste like, I'm from New Mexico. Everything is made in house, including the superb tortilla chips. The guacamole here is fresh and the chile is delicious. This place puts 3 Amigos to shame and it's open until 4am.
3	Decent Mexican food in Montreal? Yes way! It may be, by default, the best Mexican restaurant in Montreal. I have very high standard when it comes to Mexican food, having spent 3 years in California.The food was quite flavorful and felt quite authentic. I had the beef fajitas. Our waiter was very nice and attentive although he messed up my order. Anyhow, I will be back whenever I have a craving for Mexican food.
5	A great Mexican restaurant! Great service! food was really delicious!!!
4	Great food a little pricey, but the tacos were Awesome! Street style 'taquieras' which means soft shell mini tacos with anything meat with cheese and guac-o-mole. I lie
5	Excellent Mexican food! As close to the real thing as I've found in Montreal, it's decently priced and the staff is super friendly. Also very fast service.
5	Searching for an authentic Authentic Mexican restaurant in Montreal--- look no further!  Great food fantastic service and Salsa I'd wait an hour for.  Plus for veggie lovers, staff is very accommodating and will substitute beans in most dishes for you.
4	Wow... What a pleasant surprise!My boyfriend and I stumbled upon Tequila Taco House because we were staying at the nearby Hilton Garden Inn.  All I can say is THANK GOODNESS we found this delightful little restaurant.I absolutely LOVE Mexican food - authentic Mexican, not Tex-Mex, and Tequila Taco House is the real deal!  I ordered a burrito and my boyfriend ordered enchiladas, I believe.  His enchiladas had a wonderful spicy kick to them, and my burrito was awesome.  The meat was perfectly seasoned, and everything was well-prepared.The food is a bit on the pricey side, but you definitely get a more than generous portion of food.
5	Great tacos.  After reading all the other reviews we thought we would give this place a try.   Don't judge a book by its cover comes to mind when you see the storefront.   Walking up to it we were at first skeptical that this place would have yummy tacos-- it looked run down and dark.. The tequila tacos were great, fresh salsa made it pop.  The guac and chips were good as well.. Freshly made chips and guac.  The carnitas were good as well.
4	This place was pretty good.  We got burritos, and they were tasty. I do wish that they'd had a fan or some AC or something, because it was hotter than hell in there and I could see an AC unit that they weren't using in favor of opening the doors (which didn't do much because it was just as hot outside and there wasn't a breeze), but I'll still go back for a burrito occasionally. We didn't drink because it was too hot, but if their margaritas are any good, I will definitely come here every once in a while for a Mexican fix.
1	Absolutely terrible. I just went there for take out and got the chicken fajitas. I waited for an hour for my food, and was given free taco samples while I waited. This put the edge off of waiting a little bit. I get home, extremely hungry and ready to eat the chicken fajitas I once loved from this place.I unpack the bag and see they forgot to give me my tortillas. I call and complain, the manager says he's too busy to talk and I politely said that next time just give me a double order of tortillas. I finally opened the fajita packaging and took a bite of chicken. It must have had a pound of salt on it. It's actually inedible. There was no presentation to the food, and the only side was old rice and beans.I'm extremely disappointed with this place and the price isn't justifiable at all.
4	Great little spot. It's certainly not fancy, but it isn't priced fancy either. In a montreal world of 3 Amigos and Mesa 14 this place pretty authentic. The food was tasty and the drinks were really good. I would go back!
5	In town for a conference, my sister and I took a break to walk around Montreal on Friday afternoon. On our way back, we wanted to grab a quick dinner before the evening sessions started. We happened up on this restaurant on our long walk back.  Albeit skeptical at first because of their external decor (as others have noted!) that includes a laminated menu pasted on their door, we decided to give it a go. I'm glad we did.FoodWe both ordered the champignon (mushroom) tacos. A little while later, the waitress brought each of us a large plate that had 4 tacos with a side of refried beans and a green salad.The mushrooms were sauteed and flavored perfectly, topped with a yummy cheese and laid on a tasty corn tortilla. The refried beans were served with a little bit of grated cotija cheese and the salad was lightly dressed. Both were simple but tasty.If you know me, you know that I'm a vegetarian taco snob, so finding tacos that I can rave about is something I don't take lightly!ServiceOur waitress was a local student from the university was really sweet, chatting with us and helping us with directions to the metro. ( The owner was also a sweet and smiley woman!)Other thoughtsIf you are a vegetarian who likes mushrooms, these tacos will do the trick! There are also some other items on the menu if you aren't in the mushroom-y mood. They also have a ton of tequilas and drinks on the menu that looked delish!
4	A small place on the corner of Sherbrooke and St Laurent, it has a nice laid back atmosphere. I've been twice and enjoyed it both times, but they changed the menu between my two visits, and they no longer have the fish taco on the menu, but it is still available in limited quantities if you ask. Good value a little bit south of the busiest spots on St Laurent.
3	decent mexican food at reasonable prices.. would not be my first choice for mexican..
3	This was my very first meal upon landing in Montreal and getting settled at my hotel.It was quiet for a Wednesday afternoon and we were seated quickly. The waitress did her best to switch to English since we knew no french.I had the Carne Asada tacos, my husband had pork tacos. The rices that came with each dish didn't seem like the kind you would get at a mexican restaurant but it was still good. They were alittle slow to get us the check and the prices were alittle steep but we were happy with our experience. Give Tequila Tacos House a shot.
4	Came here on a sunny Sunday afternoon. Lots of choices for a vegetarian and the prices were right. Even though the place was busy, the service was great, fast and my food was quite tasty. My shrimp tacos were yummy but could have been spicier though given the warning they came with!I'd definitely come back and I'd have to say that it's better than the other Mexican options in the city.
5	2nd time there and it is amazing. Food is great and the service was awesome!
4	I'm originally from Austin, Texas. In Austin, this place would be pretty ordinary. In Montreal, where there is a serious lack of south of the border cuisine, this is a god-send for those craving the taco. I recommend the guacamole and any of the taco plates. The Tacos Asada and the Tacos Dorados are pretty tasty.  I haven't tried the enchiladas, as they are fairly expensive (In Texas, enchiladas are usually one of the cheaper menu items, here they are the most expensive). The margaritas are a bit weak, but they still give a taste of home.Service was very good.Overall solid.
4	Nice to see a place more mexican than tex-mex. The food was not as spicy as I would have liked. The guac was great. I had the Tacos Asada  and enjoyed it a lot.  I told the waitress that YELP was what brought us there. She had never heard of YELP, which I am finding is pretty common. I let her read a few reviews on my phone, and she seemed pretty pleased with what most of you said about the place. I told her the manager should definitely get YELP to follow up on some of the concerns that are mentioned as well.  as we were paying the bill, I noticed the waitress seemed to be downloading YELP on her phone. I would definitely go back, and this time I will try the burritos.
4	I had dinner here for the first time two days ago and I'm already craving their Tacos Dorados! In fact, since I walked out of that place I have gushed about it to at least four people. The number would have been higher had I had more friends. Their menu was somewhat confusing to me because I wasn't familiar with Mexican cuisine; sadly all I know of it is the yellow boxed Old El Paso kits I usually buy at the grocery. Thankfully the waitress made a suggestion, which was the Tacos Dorados, which was pretty much the ground beef tacos. But it was so much more than ground beef tacos. Everything that they put on that platter... the guacamole, the bean thing, the actual tacos, the rice... it was a winning combination. I loved every bite of that dinner. Ambiance was also very pleasant. It was small (so don't come in a group of 20) and I believe every table was occupied, but it wasn't noisy in an annoying way. I definitely recommend this place even if you're not a fan of Mexican food.
3	Hole in the wall type of joint that has a small menu of tacos, burritos and mexican plates. i am used to a huge menu when going to mexican restaurants, and tons and tons of tortilla chips upon arrival. I guess montreal does it differently than the states cause the portion sizes are so small! The guacamole appetizer was accompanied with about 10 tortilla chips. We kept asking our server for more chips, and she continuously brought out 10 at a time. She eventually stopped us and said we had to order another side of guacamole in order to get more chips. I have never heard of a mexican place charging for chips, or not willingly shoving them down your throat. We ordered the fish tacos, the steak tacos on deep fried corn tortillas, mushroom and cheese tacos, and pulled pork. My favorite was the steak tacos. The deep fried corn tortilla is genius! We definitely need this in the states. The pulled pork was a little too salty and sour for my liking. Mushroom and cheese taco was bland, sorta tasted like papa john's mushroom pizza but in the form of a taco My boyfriend's fish tacos were just okay. I have definitely had better. The rice and beans are some of the best i've ever had. definitely skip the salad and get the beans!To end it, get the chocolate cake. It is topped with a layer of flan, melts in your mouth!overall, good food...but disappointing servings for my american fat-self.
3	This is a neat little hole in the wall. My wife and I came here about half hour before they closed desperate for something to eat. The food was okay, I'd say really good if it were not for all the other amazing places in Montreal that have set my standard for that city so high. I got the Carnitas Tacos; good but the pork was a little tough and they could have used more seasoning. My wife had the Tortilla soup. She found the soup about average as did I. Definitely could have used fresh cilantro. I don't think there was any or much in it.Tried to order some kind of beer but they were out of whatever it was I had wanted on tap. Just bottles. I was also annoyed because I was told by our server I could sub the rice and beans for soup, but then I got charged an extra $6 for my soup, same price as getting a soup off the menu.
3	Really sweet and accommodating servers, a little more expensive than expected, but the Alambres tacos were tasty and I left feeling pretty full and satisfied.
2	I first tried this place several years ago shortly after they opened, and then it was quite tasty and worth going when in the area. However, lately I think it survives on location alone. The margaritas are a joke, we order a jug of them and we kept looking at each other seriously questioning if the bartender made them non-alcoholic for us! Watered down joke. While some part of the menu can be tasty, the meat is tough and dry. The service is really bad. Two girls were running around, but never seemed to really get anything done. Had to ask for stuff 3-4 times and virtually beg for service. We waited easily 30 minutes for our bill and were close to just guessing our total and leaving. Our server never bothered to come back after she dropped the bill to see if we needed change either. But wow, worst margarita I've ever had. Go to Itacate, forget this dump!
3	This place is good. Not super, and not bad either. It's one place you can get good, standard Tex-Mex dishes that also has a full bar and seating. Margarita pitchers were good, as were the tacos. It was good, but next time will be checking out Le Tequila Bar or Itacate for comparison.
1	It used to be really good. Now that they changed staff, it's a totally different place. Avoid it at all cost
3	Went to this place last night with friends. An ok lookin place at St Laurent & Sherbrooke. The food is Ok too. Nothin phenomenal. Maybe coz places like El Rey Del Taco have set pretty high standards for Mexican food for me in Montreal. Service is super slow. They do have a long list of cocktails on their menu. Their Guacamole was ok. Also tried their Tacos al Pastor. I found the pork to be a bit tough. Also the tacos were chewy at the edges. I was not impressed. Do I wanna taco bout it?      Nooo.......Its nacho problemFood -  OkService - Friendly  but slowAmbiance - CasualWorth the money - I'd say so
4	My family and I checked-in at the Hilton down the street, and we were starving. We also were in the mood for some yummy cocktails. We ordered the shrimp, tilapia, and pork (both kinds) tacos, as well as the chicken quesadilla and chicken burrito. Seriously, everything was amazing. The margaritas were okay; the shots were better. But beer is the best way to go. Az, the owner, was super friendly and could tell we were New Yorkers (because of our timid requests). We went back for dinner on our last day because we loved her and the food so much. Go, eat up and drink up. Tell Az that the New Yorkers sent you!
3	Been here a couple times. I liked the chicken burrito the first time but wasn't crazy about the enchiladas the second time. Nice atmosphere and location and good service. I will continue my search for a great Mexican restaurant in Montreal.
2	Stay away from this place in my honest and humble opinion.My fajita was too salty, with lots of cheese, no flavor and spice to it. Rice were not fresh and I can go on and on for every single thing....I had Mexican food at a lot of places, that was definitely a shock for me.
