3	Nice local restaurant serving breakfast and lunch. Sorry no cocktails :(The pancakes were really good and so was the biscuits and gravy. Still going through some growing pains but I'm sure it will get better.
2	Ok, kind of bland. Maybe everyone is too new yet. Don't think we will be returning.
4	Breakfast was fantastic biscuits and gravy they have real red potato hash browns really good. will return again
4	Good food a few more options would be great, but has awesome hospitality and a great owner who noticed I was new and made a point to make sure I was satisfied. Can't wait to try some of the vanilla bean and ice cream combos on waffles and pancakes. Make sure if you order anything you would use salsa on to ask for the homemade salsa or the green chili sauce which are great. (Not spicy but good flavor)
3	Good enough food but quite expensive for what's offered. 2 slices of bacon is 2.50 as a side order and a cup of coffee is 2.25. I might go back and try something else as the service and food were good though.
5	First time there.  Was immediately greeted by several friendly staff for an early lunch date.  Server was delightful and walked me through most popular items on the menu.  Had a delicious BLTA, but need to go back for the Reuben ... and breakfast!  Great presentation.  Great place for a girlfriend breakfast or lunch!  It wasn't packed at lunchtime on a weekday, but our server reported that their weekend business is strong.  Good for them after being open only a month!  We love to support small independent businesses!  :)
4	Great locally owned breakfast joint. Food is thoughtful and staff is friendly and helpful. Not only was the owner interacting with customers to see how everyone was doing, he was also bussing tables! Coffee an OJ prices were a bit steep. They won't keep us away but might be enough to prevent some people from returning.
4	Good experience for a first time. Upon first walking in, there were several people at the register, so I was unsure if it was a seat yourself or wait to be seated.  After a minute or two a waitress offered me a booth, but still a little disconcerning not knowing what to do.Since the place has only been opened for 7 weeks (as I was informed)  I try to be as open as possible to new businesses. DECOR: The restaurant looks like it had a nice, clean and simple country feel, though I feel the overabundance of white walls, white doors, white columns can be overwhelming to the point that it can feel bland and washed out. Maybe a little paint on the columns and french doors to warm the place up a bit maybe? Some fresh flowers or plants?STAFF: The waitresses were all friendly, attentive and upbeat.  Confident and informative about the menu and very accomodating.  One con: While paying for my check, the woman at the register seemed confused at the computer system. She called  to the owner (though very pleasant) was eating a hamburger by the kitchen. I've always learned that staff should NEVER be eating in front of customers.Lowers the level of professionalism down a notch.FOOD: Ordered the BLTA with pasta salad and an ice tea.  Now this is what I call a BLT! The sandwich size was hearty and served on texas toast (the way it should be! Sorry Jason's Deli LoL) I love the fact that you can see the ingredients from the side of the sandwich ensuring you've got your money's worth. Nothing is sadder than a weak portioned BLT.Tomatos & avocado were fresh (avocado were the perfect consistency of smooth but not too overly soft). Before writing this review, I was actually skyping my brother in Dubai and letting him know I just had the best bacon EVER. Crumbles at the right crispiness, not too overly salty or sweet, thick and plenty of slices to compete with the thick texas toast. Cons: Though the texas toast was delicious and crispy, a little bit of a downer when it leaves your hands oily that you have to use your napkin often. The lettuce had a bit of browning at the edge of the leaves also.  Pickle slices on the side were also just ok, a little on the limp side and wasn't sure if it was too much saltiness or acidity that left me feeling unsure if I liked them.  Also, I didn't see any options for the iced tea, would love it if you could customize with different fruit or syrups...Pro: LOVED the pasta salad. I am extremely picky when it comes to pasta salad! Majority of places (and when people make it homemade even), it is either: Too bland, too much vinegar, too much pasta or too much veggies. I need a pasta salad that is the PERFECT pasta to veggie to taste ratio. Needless to say I even asked for a side to take home.Have not tried the breakfast yet (which I hear they are really good for). Will be back again to try a breakfast dish and be back with another review!
1	Worst experience ever. 30 dollars got breakfast for me and my ten year old. Took 15 minutes to get waited on once seated and then at the end after we had paid, my kid wanted a cinnamon roll. The cashier did not know how to operate the computerized register and then we waited 15 minutes for our roll. Then when I asked the lady who had our roll boxed up if that was ours, she stopped and said in the rudest voice possible .... No I'm giving it to HER , meaning the cashier. There was no reason not to hand it to us as we obviously had paid for it. Rudest wench ever! It all starts at the top people.... Customer service. Especially when you are brand new and trying to build a business. Between the prices, the wait times, and snotty owner.... Avoid avoid. You'd do much better going down the road to Liberty market. At least You are treated with dignity there. And the food at Liberty kicks this places booty all over the place. Not worth it. I feel sorry for the owners husband. he seems like a nice guy and even HE agreed his wife was off the hook.
3	Warrants another visit. We noticed this new restaurant in Gilbert getting a lot of traffic and decided to try it for breakfast this morning. Nice menu and good service. I just had a western omelet and Susan had the oatmeal. Her coffee was cold because they forgot to turn the heater on for the decaf this morning and she wasn't real thrilled with the steel cut oatmeal. Anyway, my omelet was pretty good. They serve Texas toast sized bread for toast which I can do without. Prices are right up there with high end breakfast joints (Denny's not included here). Overall, a good experience and we will probably give it another try. Staff was very friendly and made up for the cold coffee.
2	Not impressed, went for breakfast...ordered Biscuits and gravy with potatoes and scrambled eggs...food arrived cold, potatoes are sliced to thick and do not cook all the way through and don't crisp at all, biscuit was dry and tough, gravy bland and boring...ran out of gravy before I finished the biscuit....for this place to survive against the many awesome breakfast places in Gilbert, they need to rise to the occasion and step up there food, service, pricing and the decor is sparse and needs some improvement.
1	God... I'm sorry to read the reviews on this place.......MOE it started out so good what happen? They do have great people working there, I go there and it's standing room only. I was there when they first opened up.  Moe & Eric its not the bar. PLEASE get it together. Breakfast, Breakfast, Breakfast.. You guys personalty's are great.
3	Ok breakfast place. Needs more flavor and more of a selection. I could easily make the menu in my own kitchen which defeats the purpose of going out. The price point is a little high for what you get. Their "specials" arent really specials, just highlighted menu items. Our waiter was very abrupt and not very friendly. For a new establishment i can understand a little confusion here and there but hopefully in a few months they will have it under control.
2	Nice folks..bland food.
2	I have to say for a basis that I do not like Ihops, Denny's or the like.  I prefer other chains that have better qualty like: Good Egg and Cracker's, etc.  I also like Mom and Pop restaurants if they are excellent.My first encounter at this restaurant was on a Saturday morning and it was packed! I was not even noticed by the slow staff and decided I would try it another day and left.  Being packed should make a statement on its own except they are fairly new and like Jim Jones and his encampment in Guyana, South America, people will flock to new or fairly new venues by the hundreds.The second encounter I had with this restaurant was the following Monday at approximately 12:30 and it was basically empty!  There was one server who managed the register as well.  When I was finally greeted and told to sit wherever I wish, of course, I did so and had to wait on silverware, coffee and a napkin for upwards of 7 minutes.  When my food arrived, it had a 3 inch strand of black hair on the plate along with the eggs and potatoes.  I was disgusted and told them that their attention to only one sitting customer was poor and I was disgusted with the hair on my plate so I was leaving never to return again. I could not wait to write the review.  I eat out just about everyday and I know quality establishments.  Look and see if they remain after a year or two.  I doubt it.  These things tend to work themselves out with customers that are astute or aware.Paying high prices for eggs and potatoes should come with an expectation that they would be impeccable.  My omlette appeared burned but since I did not eat it, I have no idea if it was overcooked, burned or what.I am done.  Too many restaurants to choose from and this is definitely off of my lists to dine at, despite living in the neighborhood, or take any of my guests too when they visit.  I was truly hoping for a great experience, service or at least food.  I would have taken anyone of the three.
2	Food was just okay, but too pricey for what you got.  I like restaurants with the kitchen open to the dining room (Pei Wei / Arrogant Butcher) - it's fun to watch the chefs do their thing like a rehearsed dance.  What's not fun is watching the staff bicker and frustrate one another.  This made our visit more stressful than entertaining.  Wait staff was slow and not very attentive - thought about giving it another try, but it looks like this is all pretty common according to other reviews.
3	Pancakes Re size of manhole covers, portions are very large. pancakes were good. i had morning hash.  nice it wasn't the typical "caned" hash, but potatoes were overwhelming in the hash.  Cut down the taters, and ' d give the hash an "A".  Price:  for those who say too expensive... I disagree, all but 2 items on menu under $8
3	i forgot this place was here and drove by , decided to grab some breakfast i went with moms pancakes 2 ridiculously big cakes good item to split between 2/3 people and i also ordered the sausage side 2 unexciting pattys of sausage (pass)place is country quaint not my style of decor, service was good
5	We love this place! The food is great, the prices are good and the service is awesome! Shaheen has been our waiter twice. He knows what we drink and has it at our table almost before we sit, very attentive.
2	I love breakfast places and have been here twice.  Neither time was I impressed.  Service is ok, but stop referring to customers as "sweetie" each time you come to the  table.  You are not my Grandma and I am not yours.Eggs benedict is good enough, potatoes are terrible.  How do you mess up potatoes?  Overall a prepared yet bland kind of taste to everything including the toast.  Decor leaves something to be desired although adequate.  Prices are about what would be found in Gilbert anywhere else.   A little more wait time for food and check out at this place but not outrageously so.Not sure there was anything to draw me back and now I know there isn't, especially when there are so many more good places to go.  Goodbye henhouse.
4	Love this cute little place! Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, so any place that caters to my love for eggs and waffles makes my heart happy. I liked this place so much that I went twice during a five day trip to Phoenix.The service here is beyond friendly. They are so welcoming from the moment you walk in the door and from what I saw, they know all the regulars and even remember their orders. I love that! It feels like you are being welcomed by good friends or family. I definitely recommend the chorizo and the spinach and chicken omelette.
5	So yummy
5	When I asked the age old question of "Where are we going for lunch", today, my coworker said she noticed a new place that had opened up the road.  We had no idea what type of food, just that it was new.  When we drove up, we were pleased to see that they were open and it was a charmingly decorated and homey little place.  We were greeted nicely and told to pick any seat.  They serve breakfast and lunch, and everything looked great.  My coworker chose the BBQ Chicken Salad, and I chose the Mushroom Swiss Burger.  We were very, very pleased with the food, which was delicious.  Service was very friendly.  Prices were totally reasonable.  My giant burger (large, rectangle, freshly made ground beef smothered in swiss and mushrooms, on what tasted like a freshly homemade and butter-toasted bun, with a side salad, a Diet Dr Pepper (and another one put into a to-go cup when we were ready to leave) came to $12.   My coworker and I were lusting each other's lunches (her Chicken Salad was ENORMOUS and mounded with fresh BBQ chicken and long tortilla strips), so we will probably go back next week and order what the other had today.
4	This was our first visit to this cozy family owned resturant.  We actually left Ihop as we sat at table for a long time without being served.  The staff at Henhouse Cafe is very friendly, our service was very good.  We were surprised at how much food we received and each of us were pleased with the homemade taste.  If you are looking for a friendly, cozy place with very good food, please check this place out.  You won't regret it.  They are only open until 2 and they serve breakfast and lunch.  Be sure to look for the cards on the table that you can text them and get a dollar off your meal.
2	I just had to try this place because I've been driving by it almost daily for the last few months. I came here today with my family, and we left feeling pretty meh.Let's start with the seating. My parents and I sat along a bench, and it got progressively uncomfortable during breakfast. They really need to add some cushions because the padding on my butt was not enough.The coffee service really irked me. I asked for cream, and the owner pointed to the little cups of half and half on the table. Those are fine for a gas station but not at a sit down restaurant. Coffee refills should be top priority for a breakfast place. I should be begging you to stop refilling my mug. Instead, we had to plead for a refill and also for water and silverware.Soon after the owner touted the menu as being all made in-house except the french fries, the waitress came to take our order. I wanted the veggie crepe because it sounded unique and delicious. The waitress said they were out of crepes. How can that be if they're made at the restaurant? What were they out of? Flour, water, sugar, eggs, salt? I don't get it.I ended up with the florentine benedict which passed the important "poach" test. The yolks were nice and runny. I liked the hollandaise, but the whole dish was marred by an undertoasted english muffin. It still tasted raw. Once I scraped the toppings onto my potatoes, I liked my dish better. My dad got the hash which he liked but wasn't as good as Chompie's version. The toast on the side was clearly homemade, and it was wonderful. My brother in law was happy with his biscuits and gravy, but my mom's veggie omlette was bland. Nothing remarkable about this place. At least we gave it a shot.
4	First time visiting for breakfast and we really enjoyed this new cafe! Great home style food, friendly staff, & clean environment. The portions of food are pretty large- definitely couldn't finish it all. Our family enjoyed Henhouse Cafe and wePlan to return again!
5	This was our first visit to the HenHouse Cafe. We have driven by a few times and since we were in the neighborhood this morning it was a great time to stop and have breakfast. We will be back again soon.I had the Biscuits with Chorizo gravy....All I can say is Yummy.  You get 2 eggs, potatoes and a biscuit covered with this delicious chorizo gravy.My husband had the Capt N' Crunch French Toast and thought it was some of the best french toast he has had....and that is saying a lot....The bacon was also crispy and tasty...We will now skip going to OverEasy and head straight to the Henhouse Cafe.....What to try next, ummmmm....
4	This was my wifes first visit, and my second visit!  I crossfit just a few doors down and was craving an omelet after a workout one day so I decided to give them a shot.  It was pretty empty on my first visit, and relatively empty the second visit as well.  Both experiences provided great service and a good meal.
4	Great breakfast! We frequent TC Eggingtons and the quality of food was right up there! I ordered the biscuits and gravy with bacon eggs and potatoes. The bacon was thick, the eggs were cooked to order and I absolutely love homemade potatoes!! My boyfriend had an omelet he said it was good, but the presentation of the plate could have been better. Service was great! We will definitely be back!
2	After finding a coupon in the Savvy Shopper for the Henhouse Cafe, we decided to give it a try. I liked the decor and the restaurant looked nice and clean. We had the french toast and veggie omelette - the food was tasty, but the service was very slow.We happened to be sitting where we could see the window where the food came up. It  sat there for about 10min before the server came by! Even the cook looked annoyed that the food had not been picked up. The food was still warm, but barely.We're not sure if we are coming back again.
2	We live very close by and decided to try this place for Sunday breakfast. We were seated in about 5 minutes. The server asked what we would like to drink and I asked for orange juice and my wife wanted coffee. I was told that they were out of orange juice. You'd think that a breakfast rest. would never run out of orange juice. The owner said that their dispenser broke down. Wouldn't you think that he'd send someone to the store to buy a few gallons to appease his customers? The biscuits and gravy was just ok,the potatoes were soggy and greasy.  It took a while to get our food,the server said that they had a private party in the back room. I did notice that customers that were seated after us were eating before us. Our server spent several minutes visiting with a family seated nearby. She clearly wasn't on top of things. When I said it was taking long for the food she check on it. When we were finally served I was told again about the large private party in the back room. The owner stopped by our table to tell me that we hadn't waited that long. We took the check to the counter to pay,the owner came up took a look at what was left on our plates and gave us a discount on the meal. We thanked him and left. Will we go there again? Probably not.
4	Enjoyed our visit here. Hubby had the chorizo breakfast burrito with a great sauce and I had the grilled Reuben. Fries were a bit salty for my taste. We also ordered a single pancake which was the size of the dinner plate and 1/2 inch thick. Hint of vanilla in it was perfect. Will definitely put on the return to list. Friendly attentive staff
5	Time to try a new breakfast place.  This place is rockin.  It was 3/4 full when we got there and when we left there was a line waiting.  Our waitress was a hoot, and the owner came by to check on us and wanted a true opinion of the food. The portions are huge and the prices are reasonable.  My fave for breakfast is pancakes and theirs did not disappoint.  Light fluffy and yummy.  A short stack is enough for 4 so be careful when you order.  It is open for breakfast and lunch only and next time would like to try lunch.You gotta try this place!
3	The pancakes were the size of manhole covers and amazing, i had the breakfast burrito which was nothing special overall it was  bland and chock full of potatoes, eggs, bell pepper, cheese, and the smallest amount of sausage i have see in a burrito in a long time.  Had there been a better ratio of sausage to potatoes and other ingredients it may have been better.  The other order was the country benedict which had  a pair of biscuits piled with sausage covered with a fried egg and then some country gravy.  Not a bad dish, the eggs were just past done and were not runny like they should be and the potatoes while tasty were a bit greasy.  I would come back for some pancakes and maybe try something else like the chicken and waffles but i'll stick to filly B's for breakfast burritos.
2	We heard great things about this place and decided to give it a shot for breakfast and we were sorely disappointed. The food was mediocre and was served lukewarm. The service was slow and inconsistent. We had to request our check from the host stand since the waitress never returned, the owner was visiting most of the tables, but never stopped by ours, and the price was expensive for what we got. The only upside was the french toast special we split was yummy.
2	Not special... will try again sometime since they are new.
3	Came here yesterday and didn't really know what to expect.  It was a lot busier than we anticipated for a little breakfast cafe but we were seated in about ten minutes.  The menu is simple, breakfast favorites like omelettes, pancakes and Eggs Benedict.  I had ham and eggs.  The ham was very tasty but they brought me the wrong kind of toast.  My friend ordered biscuits and gravy.  We had a difficult time getting the waiter to understand that she wanted that with eggs AND sausage (one of the options on the menu) and he even brought it out incorrectly after we'd clarified.  The sausage was made in the restaurant, which was nice, but was pretty bland.  I would not order it myself, if we return.  The breakfast potatoes were excellent and not to be missed.What really impressed me about the place was that it was a full house but they still managed to get our food to the table VERY quickly.  We probably waited longer to be sat then we did for our food to arrive.  The place was also very much a family business, which was nice.  The son was our waiter, the mother came out to check on us when there was the sausage issue, and the father stopped by to make sure we were liking everything.
5	Have been to the Henhouse Cafe twice now, most recently on Mother's Day, and it has been wonderful both times. The strawberry cheesecake french toast is AH-mazing! The family that owns the restaurant is very nice and very helpful. I have allergies to chocolate, peanuts and tree nuts and the owner came out front from the kitchen and she made sure that we both knew about what my allergies were and what I could and couldn't have. She was awesome! It's a cute place inside. Nicely lit with natural light and good size. Not too big, not too small.  Can't wait to go back!
2	Breakfast was a bust...mediocre food. Bacon was disgusting. I was hoping for more as Gilbert needs more breakfast places but you are much better off sticking with the Farmhouse downtown or on Gilbert (south of Elliott). They both get really busy with long lines but worth it. Very bummed this Cafe was not good.
4	Had lunch today...My lunch pal had the BLTA and I had the SW Chicken Wrap.  Thank you so much for using a quality tortilla and not some flavored one that has so much preservative on it that it tastes like wax!!  The chicken had VERY good flavor and it was a good size.  I got the side salad with it and while I feel they were a bit skimpy with the salad, it was still good.  The fries were very tasty!  Crispy and flavorful.  Loved the decor too!  This place beats the heck out of Kneaders.....I am happy to pay $8 for a lunch I am going to like!
5	Just moved into the area.  Found the place by searching on Yelp. Keegan was our waiter, couldn't have been any nicer. My wife and I split two meals, they were both to die for.  Keegan even said he removed all the calories from my strawberry cream cheese cake filled French toast, lol. I WILL BE BACK!!
2	Eggs were over cooked, potatoes were bland, biscuits were dry and seemed like they were two days old. Eggs Benedict was Sour! No refills offered on any drinks, had to ask them to Pre-bus the table Butter was extremely salty! When we told the waiter that our food "wasn't as good as expected" he said "can I get you something else?"  I said "no, it's fine" (had two small kids with us-didn't have time) he then said "I hate that word (fine)" and walked away. They did discount our bill which is why I even have them 2 stars.
5	The food was delicious and service was fast and friendly!  My husband had an omelette he really enjoyed and I had the chicken and waffle.  The boneless chicken breast was perfectly done, crispy and juicy!  It was served with this amazing "spicy syrup" which was like nothing I've ever tasted...awesome!!  We'll be back for sure!
5	Even when busy, you are always given proper attention and service! Very busy every time I've gone and have been seated in 10 minutes and under. All employees are very kind, courteous, and personable. As for the food, it's fantastic! Everything is homemade for the most part. Being a family owned restaurant you get quality. I've tried about everything on the menu and you can't really go wrong with whatever you choose to order! I'm partial to omelets, so if you haven't tried them, do it! And the biscuits and gravy are fantastic. Overall a very great, well organized establishment with awesome food!
5	Perfect Sunday brunch place- amazing food, lots of character, outdoor seating and great service! You gotta try this place! We had the pastrami had skillet and the grandpas skillet. They were delicious and the fresh squeezed OJ was great!
5	Love going here for breakfast I always get French toast with a side of sausage or potatoes. The sausage is so good I think they make it at the restaurant. I've had one bad server (very rude and messed up multiple times on our order, he wouldn't listen) but usually the service is great
5	My boyfriend and I went in on Saturday morning, and we were happy to see all the business Henhouse was getting. We always expect that when a restaurant is busy, service might be slow. But they weren't at all! Our server was great about checking on us and our drinks were filled. She actually let us have a couple bites of our meal before asking how everything tasted (which never happens)! The food was awesome! It tasted homely, but full of flavor and layers. I highly recommend the bruschetta omelet! So so good! The owner was very friendly and made a point of socializing with all the guests. I can definitely see this place having a loyal customer in me!
2	Really cute place, but the food is not good! The biscuits I had and the English muffin that my hubby had both were dry and hard. His poached eggs were very under done and the sausage was bland.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, great service. Just recently added outdoor seating which during this time of year in Arizona is perfect!
5	Perfect. Great food. Nice nice server named Misa. Highly recommend this place for breakfast.
5	By far THE best breakfast place in the east valley. Customer service is great and food is beyond amazing! My favorite is the green chili scramble. Would definitely recommend to anyone!
4	Good service. Always happy and cheerful people. Great food and you never have to wait too long for your food. Biscuits and gravy are my favorite.
4	I love this place. It's nice to have a non-chain restaurant in the neighborhood. The place can be busy (but what Breakfast place isn't?) so you can wait. But the service is fast and friendly. It does have the family service feel and the wait staff don't treat you like a number. The waitresses are always quick to refill the coffee and check back that the food is okay. I like it though the biscuit was a bit bland/dry for me but I've only had it once. The omelets and home fries are great! The coffee is better than most breakfast places - so why have those little sealed cups of creamer? The only thing that I don't like. If you got good coffee, it deserves some real cream. But other than that - all is great. I think for a good breakfast served up by friendly people - you can't go wrong with Henhouse Cafe.
5	Every time we eat here we have been amazed! We love trying the specials; today was the hot chocolate pancakes. They were amazing! The servers are always kind & do a great job.
5	I have to be honest, I dislike breakfast food. However, THIS IS THE BEST BREAKFAST FOOD I HAVE EVER HAD!!!! The owners are the nicest people I have ever met!!! Excellent service!!!! The food is all made fresh and never frozen! The highest quality of meats that are low in fat and high in protein!! And the portions are huge for your dollar! By far the best restaurant and service I have ever been to! Brett and Mo are the best!!!
5	As another person said, this is a great place with nice owners and excellent service.  My wife is not a big eater and thought she'd just order the single pancake.  It was one pancake but it was enormous.  She probably ate one third of it.  I had the eggs benedict.  I'm pretty fussy with this entree and there are few places that make it exactly as I like.  They were good but I had to pick off the onions on top as I didn't know it would be served that way or I'd have asked them not to.  The English muffin could have been toasted more.  From what I saw though, everything else looked great.  We will go back especially because the people there seem so nice.
3	The look of this restaurant is very cute and country. The food was alright. My husband ordered brown sugar oatmeal and the oatmeal came plain with no brown sugar. When we asked for it they informed us they were out. They comped the oatmeal without is even asking. The staff was very helpful and friendly. I would go back, but would probably be more likely if the food was kicked up a notch or two.
5	Favorite breakfast spot around. Chicken and wafflfes was off the hook!!!! Have to get there early or you will hit a line. Hate a line but its a sign of goos food.
1	We must have hit this place on a bad day.  Hostess was not friendly.  Basically looked unhappy to be there.  Server started out really attentive then after he took our order never came back to check for coffee refills, which would have been nice when we were waiting for what felt like 30 minutes for our food.  We ordered chicken and waffles with eggs, syrup, and gravy and an order of crunchy French toast.  Chicken was rubbery/burnt & syrup was watery.  French toast was soggy and looked no different then regular french toast (nothing like their little picture on their website).  Not impressed at all.  And when we left a group of people were standing at the counter and not one said "bye" or "thanks for coming in".  Meh.
5	Still sitting in the booth after a great breakfast of chicken fried steak. We have deemed this our new breakfast place
3	Rule #1 of waiting: do not make your table wait on their check. And worst, when we hand you our card before you bring the check, do not tell us to hold on so we can see it first. We trust you entered things right and we want to go! Other than that, pancakes are delicious and gigantic. I love their breakfast potatoes and the southwest biscuits and gravy are tasty. I would like to see a chorizo scramble on the menu (something with green chilies, tomatoes, onion, cheese). There is one scramble with chorizo but it was beans in it which is not my style.Overall if you are looking to a decent home style breakfast hen house is a decent pick in gilbert
4	I have eaten here several times.  Food is consistently good.  Service is decent.   The format of the weekly specials could be improved to a more durable paper.  Seen the owner in there on a regular basis which is great.  The decor is simple but acceptable for a family owned breakfast restaurant.   For a good breakfast it's a good choice.
5	The food was absolutely delicious! I had french toast that was properly cooked and tasted delicious, while my friends had sausage and potatoes and more. They loved everything they had.  The decor was a little lame, but who cares, the food was great!We will definitely be going back.
4	Overall this was a great dining experience, and the breakfast was absolutely delicious. I had a Belgian waffle which was one of the best - it was light and fluffy yet packed with flavor. I would highly recommend this breakfast joint to others!
4	Glad there's a privately owned restaurant around Higley! Food was good and will go back and try something else. Service was great for us on a busy Sunday morning. Wait was normal 30min but expected. We'll be back! We ordered ham and eggs, biscuits and gravy, huge pancakes, French toast cheesecake and waffles. They have kids meals too!
1	I wish there was a zero star option.  Rude staff, poor customer service and obvious lack of experience running a restaurant. This was my 2nd visit after I wasn't that impressed the first time.  I won't make that mistake again..
4	We were seated very fast on a Sunday morning, even though they were packed! Breakfast was yummy, a little cold. Orange juice in mason jars was delicious and such a cute idea! My sister got a sprinkle bday pancake, was soooo good!
2	Had chicken and waffle the first time here. It was so-so. But the second time we went here the waffle tasted really SOUR. The waitress gave us another waffle but it still tasted SOUR. Tell me, how can a waffle taste sour?! The waitress didn't believed us, she said we probably have "Taste Bud-itis" @_@
4	This is by far my favorite place for breakfast in the East Valley. I LOVE the biscuits and gravy and the french toast. Super duper yummy! You also have to try the chorizo burrito. For a non-mexican food establishment, it's amazing. The sauce on the side makes the burrito. So here are the downsides which I overlook because the food is so dang good...the owner is a bit on the loud side. There have been a few times when he was chatting it up with tables near my table and he was loud enough to disturb us. Nice guy, just loud and chatty. The wait staff is consistently inconsistent.  Slow service almost every time and not as friendly as I would expect. There have been a couple of times where we had okay to above average service, but mostly below average. Also, not a lot of options for coffee. They should consider adding on some specialty coffee, that would be a big seller and nice for the customer. I would also like to see the wait staff look a bit more presentable. Some of these ladies and gentlemen have some messy/unkempt hair. It takes away from the look of the place. Maybe I'm just getting old and don't get the style they are going for...that's totally possible. I enjoy the decor and the outside seating option is very nice. Bottom Line: the food is epic but they do have a few minor things they could work on.
5	BEST breakfast I have EVER had. Sooo good. Got the barnhouse dish. Fresh fresh fresh and very tasty. You will NEVER go back to iHop after eating here. and the prices were comparable.  my friend got the taco salad and it looked amazing. My other friends got the chicken and waffles and they loved it. Go check it out.
2	Not impressed. We waited a very long time for our food (which was perfectly fine but not worth long wait), when I nicely asked the floor manager why 4 tables seated after us had their food and we had not received ours, he told us "your ticket said 11:05, it has only been 15 minutes...I can show you the ticket"....I have 12yrs of food & beverage sales and hospitality experience and couldn't believe instead of just apologizing and discounting our drinks or something he tried to prove us wrong. Very bad way to handle a customer complaint. We are sorry we cheated on the Good Egg today, we will be back there next week instead of Henhouse Cafe.
3	Fresh fruit isn't 'fresh'. I've eaten here a few times & something is off. Doesn't seem as fresh.
3	Avg, bacon was boring no real taste over cooked. Scrambled eggs not bad little on dry side. First pancake under cooked; second was done. Service good, but wasn't busy. Deserves a second visit maybe on a weekend morn, to see if busier.
1	I hate to give this cute place a one star review but I do this for two reasons; the first being bcuz hubby ordered a breakfast burrito that when he took a few bites, discovered mold. Well, he was a trooper and not wanting to complain he discarded the tortilla and ate the insides. When we were through eating I decided the waitress should know anyway, bcuz it's not fair to keep serving moldy tortillas to customers. She apologized and took the tortilla back to the kitchen. She returned and a dollar discount was taken off our check, she stated the bag of tortillas in the kitchen was mold "free" and didn't understand how his was the only one. Anyway mistakes happen in any business and the recovery is paramount to earning loyal patrons. Sadly this place did not earn my return revenue. They could have handled the situation much better and had lifers! The food I ordered was fine and the servers are very nice I wish the owner or manager had been more savvy in customer service. :-(
2	The food wasn't anything special.  I ordered the  blueberry pancakes they were super large and tasted ok but they had hardly any blueberries.  Big bummer.  My husband had some sort of chipotle biscuits with gravy that sounded great... But he didn't like. service was very good the restaurant itself seemed nice and clean.  but as far as breakfast goes we probably won't be returning
4	We had a minimal wait time for a busy Saturday morning and the staff was very friendly.  I had the Florentine Benedict and it was good, no complaints.  But what really got me drooling was actually my husband's Chicken & Waffles with the spicy syrup.  Super yummy!
5	The food is great the staff is amazing, and the family is even better. If you haven't been there you need to. Go on the weekend always a packed house and a ton of fun. Mo and Brett have the best attitudes and are a blast to have a conversation with. You can feel the and pride that is pit into the place PERIODTry the Verde omelet burrito style or veggie omelet burrito style.Tell them Tyler sent you.
5	Local Owned and Operated.  We spoke to the owner who said his wife and kids run the place and found out that it's a made from Scratch kitchen with only one small box freezer.   Everything is made in house and you can taste it.   Ruben and the Carnitas Scramble were fantastic.  We need more local owned non corporate places here in AZ.  Support your local businesses and know that the Henhouse Cafe is Delicious!!!!   Going back to have the Pastrami Hash and eggs !!!  Loved it!!
5	Today's service and food were exceptional.  I always get the Cali Benedict.  It is usually good but today it was amazing.  The hollandaise was creamy, bacon crispy, and eggs poached to perfection.  The English muffin was amazing!  I had to ask if it was homemade, my server said no.  She was nice, knew her stuff and checked back like all great servers do.  I wish I could remember her name.  I will definitely be back!  The service has come so far from where it once was!  I didn't see staff sitting around at the bar like I always did in the past.  It's so nice that they have some great ladies and a great cook working now.  It was like a real restaurant today but better!  Thanks for getting your hens in a row Hen House!
4	Delicious for breakfast! I had the Country Benedict which had sausage gravy that was so good! My friend ordered the strawberry cheesecake French toast which was also incredible! The only thing I didn't love was a side of bacon I ordered. Honestly, I didn't need it. My portion was so large and filling, but it did not have good flavor. It may have just picked up too many flavors from the grill. Also, it was $2.50 for two small pieces of bacon. Seemed high. Our service was quick and friendly. We would definitely go back again. The menu offers a lot of choices I would like to try.
5	Had breakfast here with my daughter and parents.  Food was fantastic, cool decor and it's all recycled items Service was solid everyone was extremely friendly. Will definitely going back.
1	I have been noticeably quiet of late. It seems I have been dining at all good restaurants with good service and have become rather complacent in sharing. But, as we all know, it only takes one bad apple to ruin everything - and this one ruined my good streak.The Cafe had come recommended and we were considering it for our monthly Meetup group breakfast so the hubs and I did our initial run.  We arrived at 740 on a Sunday morning after church and the place was nicely busy.  We had tried before to go there but the lines have always been too long so we were thrilled to finally be part of the in-crowd LOL  About 1/2 of the tables were taken in the main dining area, the side room empty, the bar about 1/2 full. So not so busy that we sat 10 minutes without any contact or water.  Rule number 1: greet them, get them a cuppa, apologize if you are busy.  Okay. I am going to give them a 2/5 on that. We ordered simple - a veggie omelet for hubs and a 2 egg over easy breakfast for me. We got our meal 30 minutes - count it - 30 minutes later.  Not sure  - I think they had to go in back to the henhouse and wait for the eggs to be laid.  30 minutes on a not-so-busy morning.Hubs omelet was fine. Chock full of pepper and onions, mushrooms, spinach, tomatoes.  It was a typical veggie omelet, nothing special.The potatoes were uneven. They are steamed redskins that are them griddled which is not a bad way to make homefries (I like to boil then griddle but same idea). The thin slices were really good and crispy - my plate was dark and yummy. Hubs, however, had thick slices that did not look griddled at all - they looked like a pasty Pittsburgher transplanted to the Valley of the Sun LOL and they were hard in the middle meaning those guys needed a tad more cooking. Toast should not be a big deal - but it was drenched in something other than butter.  Liquid gold? Melted margarine? And it is thick Texas break so when I say soaked.....My eggs, however, were the Waterloo for the day. Sunnyside up is not a tough option for an experienced cook.  I grew up cooking them in a skillet as well as on the grill since busy breakfasts mean multiple orders at once. Anyway, they came back.... not even undercooked.  The area around the yolk - maybe 1" in all directions - was clear. The eggs were not cooked.  Being the good girl I am, I didn't make a fuss - I asked the server if she would have the cook flip them on the grill and make them over easy - that was fine with me, I just could not eat raw whites.  When she brought it back, her comment was all I need to say "I'm sorry. He would not flip them over, he tried to cook them more sunnyside up" which resulted in eggs that were oddly bipolar - the edges were SO overcooked, they were brittle and curled up, the center was slightly more solid but still undone.  As a server, she should have not brought them out. She knew it. There was no use sending them back - one more time on the grill and i could take them home and use them as Frisbees for the pup.  When she came back for refills, she never said a word at the uneaten eggs on my plate.Finally when she brought back my credit card to sign, she said "sorry about the eggs". At that point, I was just ticked. I don't usually complain but I did. I say that the eggs were disgraceful, that the cook would allow them to go out like that and that she as a server should not have brought them out when he wouldn't remedy the situation. she said "this is a family owned business, I can't tell the cook to do anything, they own this place". Wow. Just wow. I come from a family-owned business and, as anyone that knows me knows, I try to  onlygo to family-owned non-francise businesses (except for Dairy Queen, but we all have vices....). If anything,those are the places where typically people/owners DO care about their business and their reputation.  So, Henhouse Cafe - which is it? Do you really not care - in which case, shame on you, lots of other good restaurants in the area?  Or do you care, in which case, you ought to reprimand or fire the server?  Either way, I think the breakfast club will not be stopping by anytime soon.....
5	Best, well priced breakfast around. I wish it were closer. Huge pancakes, but still good. Friendly staff
4	Nom Nom Nom I had custard pie French toast.  With just the right amount of custard and coconut.  Husband had biscuit & gravy and he said it was great.  The coffee was average as well as the ambience but the staff was excellent.
5	The portion sizes are huge especially for the kids.  My wife ordered the green chili scramble which was outstanding and worth coming back for.  I ordered the diablo scramble. It was good but after tasting my wife's dish, I wished I ordered her dish instead.  At least I know for next time.  My girls each ordered a chocolate pancake  and eggs off of the kids menu. However the pancake was an adult size pancake which they could of shared.  Overall, food was great and the price was right so we will definitely visit again.
5	Aaaaaaaamazing EVERY time I go. The owner and their kids are awesome. Just.., really a cool place.
5	Always a wait for a reason. This place is the best breakfast in town.
4	I was feeling like a child, so I had the coconut cream pie French toast, and it was fantastic. She had the seafood omelet with avocado. It was good, but the avocado was definitely not ripe. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive, but the water tasted like it was ladled from a public pool. Overall, a pleasant experience. We will definitely be back.
5	The Henhouse opened right near our house and we were fast to become regulars.   There isn't anything, yet, on the menu that has been anywhere near a disappointment.   My kids (and I) are huge fans of the Belgium waffle which is light and delicious and doesn't make you feel like you ate a ton of bricks :)My husband switches between the biscuits and gravy and the kitchen skillet omelet which has .... Well, it's in the name....everything in it.   I like the veggie omelet.   Only note is to watch out for the pancakes.   They are delicious but one pancake could easily feed 2 people.   Enjoy
5	Yummy yummy yummy :)
5	Pancakes are huge! They were right. But I ordered the classic Benedict which satisfied me. Couldn't help staring at the food across from me. This place has my attention.
4	Really good spot if you're looking for fresh, homemade breakfast dishes. It can get pretty crowded on the weekends, so come early!
5	We all order 3 different breakfast dishes and we all tried each other food and it was all awesome! French toast was awesome too! We will be back!
4	This place is the place to be for breakfast! The only reason I won't give them 5 stars is because the wait for the food was a bit excessive but seriously worth it! Got huevos Rancheros...Latin kick...sooo bomb! Even picked at my friends scraps like the bum I am, but those were delicious bites of French toast. I definitely recommend this place!
2	I have been here two times and I have not been too impressed with the food. The only thing I liked was the pancakes... super good! But I also got the biscuits and gravy and was not impressed. The second time I got their chicken and waffles. I asked if they had hashbrowns and they didn't (what breakfast place doesn't have hashbrowns???) Our server did say they had little crispy potatoes? So I tried that and man am I mad for spending three dollars on them. No salt and no flavor!! Even dipping it in ketchup didn't help. The chicken was alright and the waffles were good. I tried this place a couple times and have just not been impressed. Probably won't be back.
4	The lady next to me was raving about the lemon creme, but I am not much of a lemon person, so didn't try it.This is the best macrons I've tried in the city the ones from Financier look good, but are nowhere near these. I am in love!
5	Great food great service good price nuff said! I had the skillet breakfast and left full and satisfied!
2	I have been here a few times and each time gets worse. The first time I got their pancakes which were HUGE! Seriously the biggest pancakes I've ever seen. They were alright and tasted like any old normal pancakes. The second time I got the chorizo breakfast burrito. It was disgusting. I could not eat it. My friends were disappointed with their food as well. I like to support small businesses, but it's hard when their food is disappointing. I probably won't be back.
5	I love this place. The food is unique and tasty. They have the best homemade sausage I've ever had.The wait staff is friendly and does a good job of making you feel welcomed.
5	Great food.. would be nice if they threw in a changing table,  but. . The food is amazing
3	I went here for brunch today with my friend and her mom. We got there around 11:30 ( On a Saturday) The dining room was mostly full so we sat out on the patio.  They took our order right away. The server we had kept saying she was new and had to ask another server for the answers for most of the questions we asked. My friend ordered a veggie omelette, and asked to substitute a biscuit instead of potatoes and toast that came with, at the end of the meal she was surprised to find they had charged her the normal amount for the biscuit rather than doing a up-charge, or even substitution.   They also charge an extra $2.49 if you want an egg whites only-The server told us its because they crack the eggs fresh to order and the yolks are wasted. - When she got her order it clearly had yolks in it, so she mentioned it to the server, who said that wasn't possible because she definitely wrote egg whites and they are pre-separated in a container and they just measure out how much they need.(That was entirely different than what she told us when we ordered.)We were also told that we couldn't do one of the omelettes without cheese, because they have the filling ingredients mixed together in advance.   Which we thought was weird. I had the french toast, It was two slices of bread cut in half. It was good, it tasted like you would expect french toast to taste, but had little bits of green bell pepper on a couple of the pieces, probably just due to not scraping off the spatula/grill between items. It was no big deal though. Waiting on food took longer than we expected, about half an hour from when we ordered, probably just because it was busy.We won't likely go back, The food wasn't anything special, and the experience wasn't great. Not sure if it was due to the new server, or if that's just how the place is.
4	I just recently visited Henhouse cafe and found it deserving of a Yelp review. I find breakfast joints to be hit and miss. Well, Henhouse was a hit after several misses in the past. Let me tell you about my experience. I went for a late breakfast and there was nobody there to great us, not a big deal. Perhaps just place a sign up that welcomes guests and tells them to seat themselves. Makes the restaurant more inviting in my opinion. The staff was friendly and the service was great. She kept my water filled and the small things are appreciated. As for the food, I found everything to be delicious! I ordered the Kitchen Sink omelette. My friend also ordered the same and her brother had the country fried chicken which looked mouth-watering. I didn't care for mushrooms and they let me substitute green chiles, yum! It had bacon, ham, sausage, cheese, onions, peppers and perhaps another ingredient I can't remember. The omelette was pretty impressive as for as size was concerned. It came with potatoes on the side and a selection of toast. I mixed the potatoes with the omelette and put several splashes of the green Tabasco on top. Explosion of flavor and I consumed every last bite despite lingering pain of a full belly. It was the kind of meal that you lean back in your chair and pat your stomach while you pick food out of your teeth with a toothpick. I'll definitely be back to try other things on the menu and it's only a mile down the street!
3	Very friendly service. Had the grandpa skillet, which tasted bland for the most part. The chicken fried chicken was better and had much more flavor to it.
4	Great local restaurant at Higley and Guadalupe. We came on a Sunday, which usually is packed but still was seated quickly. The server was super friendly and I saw the manager interacting with all of its guests. I ordered the Green Chile omelet and it was sooo delicious and cheesy! My hubby ordered the strawberry cheesecake French toast and he loved it too!
1	I was going to rate this restaurant at 10 stars, and everything was going fine until a female manager had to discuss a business concern in public in front of the customer, very, very poor practice.If you have a concern with an employee, take it behind closed doors. Sadly there may be more to this Henhouse than what we see on the outside.Take your business behind closed doors. I thought I was going to come back. Can't believe it!! Discussion is still out front of everyone.My profession is Human Resources, and if the same would have occurred at a location of my employment, there would be a serious discussion going on with the manager. My first impression is this business has very poor employee relation practices.Do not support this business.
4	The food is so fresh and homemade, yummy! Friendly staff, great food and a comfortable environment. Win win win!
2	Second visit to this highly popular cafe. If visiting on the weekend,  expect to wait in their quaint & cozy indoor/outdoor area prior. The service was rushed, hardly time to browse the unique menu. House made sausage was referred to as a "salt lick" by the sausage eaters at the table. A daring attempt at French toast by making it 'Coconut Cream Style' explains why French toast and coconut cream pie are separate dishes. Eggs were as ordered. Water glasses promptly filled. Coffee was hailed as the best item on the menu. Seating area is jammed pack like a cafeteria so best like close quarters. An average experience lat best leaving us to wonder why all the people.  Clearly some like enough to wait only to be hustled out. Just not us.
4	A nice local family owned experience. Good staff and good food. I typically don't like going out for breakfast but I can see this place becoming a regular for us
4	Breakfast was good and our waiter was very professional and friendly. My husband had the chicken fried steak and eggs.  He's pretty picky and said it was tender and lean. My friend had the eggs benedict and as little as she eats, she ate it all. Perfectly poached eggs. I had the green chili eggs. I asked if it was spicy and they assured me it was not. Bummer! The waiter said they could put jalapenos on it to make it spicy but it was still bland. Then they charged me for the jalapenos. Oh well, I'll get something else next time. We'll be back.
4	My wife enjoyed the potatoes and spinach in her Popiye omelette. I had the Kitchen Sink omelette. The server was friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is relaxed. I imagine that this will be our favorite restaurant to frequent.
5	Loved this place!  Very busy at 10:30am on Jan 1st but waiting for a table was worth it.  Owners Brett and Mo are very friendly and welcoming.  Our server Tanner was a gem.  Very attentive and aimed to please.  There were three of us in our party and we family-styled three different dishes. The green chili scramble, the chorizo biscuits and gravy and a single GINORMOUS pancake.  I could critique every little aspect of these dishes but I won't.  I can only simply say everything was delicious, fresh and mouthwatering! Best pancake I ever had (apparently sweet cream is the key ingredient).  The pulled pork in the scramble melted in your mouth. The chorizo gravy had the right amount of spiciness over the biscuits that ranked right up there with the pancake. Can't wait to come back up from Tucson on another trip just to try something new!
2	Service was excellent but the food not so good. My husband had biscuits and gravy and the gravy was cold. They only make one size of pancake which was way too big for my granddaughter so more than half of it went to waste. Neither me or my granddaughter like the taste of the sausage or thst went to waste too.
4	Good find for breakfast. They have great coffee and we had great service. The homemade sausage is a must. We got a mix of breakfast food from Coconut vanilla bean dipped French toast to chicken fried chicken.  The pancakes are HUGE and very delicious.  Would give it another try!
