4	Italian imports! Great selection of canned & dry goods, but the treasure is in the house made goodies, both refrigerated and frozen. From the deli, the stuffed eggplant is a must try. The eponymous jarred sauce is yummy. Frozen meatballs, breaded calamari, pasta, and gelato -- you can't go wrong!
5	Hands down the BEST Italian produce market for their service, knowledge, quality and diversity of products. The Labriola Family has perfected their craft in fine Italian imports and prepared foods. They are pros at catering, preparing a holiday basket or just suggesting a delicious deli selection. A Pittsburgh classic.
5	We love this place - we go there almost every Sunday to pick up cold cuts, parmesan, and pasta. While it is a little cramped inside, we enjoy the variety of items so much, we wouldn't have it any other way.Whenever I am planning to make anything Italian at home, this is the place I come to in order to get the freshest, most authentic ingredients - whenever I have any questions about something, the staff is friendly and helpful. Clearly, they enjoy what they do, often times helping each other out when it gets packed by the cold cuts.Supporting small businesses like this is a great pleasure, because you just can't get this sort of feel from shopping at the GIant Super Belly Buster Marketplace style stores. Thanks guys, and see you Sunday!Tip:Definitely get their veal cannelloni, raviolis (all types), and meatballs from the frozen case, they are a great fallback to keep in the freezer for those days when you need to throw together a delicious quick meal! Try their antipasti as well - superb!
5	An Italian foodie paradise in Aspinwall! Walk into this tiny shop and you're immediately bombarded with shelves stacked to the sky with Italian pantry goodies -- jars of every kind of tomato sauce imaginable, dozens of different types of pasta for any appetite.  Work your way the back of the store and you'll find their deli counter, chock full of fresh deli meats, cold salads, cheeses, antipasti, and pre-cooked Italian classics. I'm a sucker for their chicken parm, chicken romano, and stuffed eggplant, while my hubby loves their Italian sausage and peppers, crab cakes, and Italian meatballs. They also make sandwiches on site and have killer pizzas (try their tomato and herb pizza -- it's like bruschetta in pizza form -- heavenly!!)The leftmost side of the store contains their magical freezer section o' goodness. Anything and everything you could possibly want to serve a quick and fast Italian meal is found here. Garlic bread, raviolis of all different flavors, pasta fagioli, cannelloni, gnocchi, pasta sauce, lasagna, pizzas, mozzarella sticks -- it's all sitting here, frozen in time, waiting for you to pick it up, thaw it out, and have an amazing Italian meal in no time. And if all of that was not enough, Labriola's also sells a fantastic array of baked goods and sweets, both Italian (pizzelles, gelato, tiramisu) and not (apple pie, cookies). They also carry a small selection of non-Italian grocery items (soda, butter, milk, canned goods, ice cream, etc.) to help round you out if you forgot something during your regular grocery shopping trip. So while it obviously isn't a one-stop shop for all of your grocery needs, it can definitely help you avoid a one-off trip back to the wretched Giant Eagle (grrrr...) if you need something fairly basic.This is an old, family-run specialty store, and as such I always see the same employees here. The service I've received is what I have come to know as very "old school" Pittsburgh -- everyone is very helpful and nice enough, but also a little steely and stoic. I like to think that the employees are very much like the bread that they sell here -- somewhat crusty on the outside, but warm and soft on the inside. And I find that it adds all the more charm to this lovely establishment.  :)
