1	I never write reviews; however, this place has the WORST customer service!  They over promise and under deliver.  The guy that works there is very rude and when he made a mistake, there were no apologies and even made me feel like I was in the wrong.  I strongly recommend NOT going here.
5	I have a serious opposition to anything that resembles a serious errand. Dentist appointments, flu shots, faxing documents - I detest it all, usually opting to delay it for as long as possible. After years of coming to Pearle Vision, I can positively say that this is my favorite "serious errand". The Optometry office, which is located in the rear, is always my favorite part. Dianne, the receptionist, is ridiculously sweet! She always preps clients prior to their consultation with Dr. Burt, and her friendliness actually makes the puff of air to the eye enjoyable. Dr. Burt is downright awesome - dry sense of humor and incredibly intelligent. Never have I been held up by a condescending lecture or dull conversation.In the front end of things, Nancy, the licensed optician, handles all things I don't even want to touch with a five-foot pole. She's always willing to duke it out with my parents' insurance companies, finding the best deals, and ensuring that I am set for the next year.Hell, if all of my errands could be effortless as this eye exam, I might actually do them.
2	I know this joint has been well received in the past but I've regretfully had dissimilar experiences.  This review will not be filled with extensive detail or inundated with sarcasm, no. I will leave you with this analogy instead:I've walked in to this store front location on two different occasions, months apart from each other and both times I've felt as though I could feel the unwelcomed feeling Julia Robert's might have felt when she walked into the snobby boutique on Rodeo Drive.Clerk: "That's VERY expensive"Julia: "I didn't ask how much it was, I just asked if I could try it on"Clerk: "I don't think we have anything for you here, please leave".Ok, so they didn't ask me to leave but I felt a similar level of discomfort as all eyes were pointed in my direction as I tried on their frames.Glasses and contacts are a major purchase in my world and in terms of the frames they tend to be with me for a while.  A sense of ease, a welcoming feeling would be nice for future reference especially if you expect me to pull out my wallet.
5	My sister is crazy to say that the puff to the eye is enjoyable, but she is not off about how friendly the staff is. It has been two years since my last eye appointment and even longer since I have been to see Dr. Burt. Between Dianne and him, I was able get in and out without much issues. That was until I decided to get contacts.  Having Dianne around to reassure me that it is difficult to get use poking yourself in the eye at first helped.  At first I cringed in retrospect from my first foray into hard lenses. Since then I had resigned to just putting on a pair of glasses everyday. I still love my thick black frames but contacts are the way to go for my active lifestyle.  I have my trial pair to test out and will be going back in a week to have Dr. Burt check my eyes.
2	I apologize if this review seems wonky or slanted.  You see, I am writing it out through crooked glasses.I got them a few weeks back from Pearl and granted,For one week, they looked wonderful against my 'lashes,Then they began to sit awkward and slide off my nose. I'd had good service when purchasing my eyewear,so I returned for help readjusting the frames, I suppose;But the folks working acted like they had no time to spare.So this place is decent for helping you spend cashOn a pair of frames or an exam of both of your eyesAlthough if you need a fix, I don't mean to bash,But don't rely on this place.  No one here even tries.
5	I recently needed to purchase a new pair of contacts and was looking for a new doctor in Vegas. My Girlfriend recommended Pearl Vision.  What a Great experience!! I booked a reservation online, for whatever reason it didn't submit to the store... no problem for them.  They looked up all the necessary insurance information, were very polite, and treated my walk up as a pre existing reservation. On top of that, with my busy work load I was their last reservation of the day and I was still treated as if I were the first one through the door.  The assistance were very welcoming, and The Doctor was down to earth and very personable.  I would recommend this location very highly if you are in the market for a new pair of frames or just a eye exam. detailed, friendly, and all around welcoming atmosphere. Amazing Experience!!!!!
3	Just went in for a tightening of my husbands glasses. There was only one girl on the floor helping with 4 sets of people wanting help. The girl was very professional and handled us and the rest of the people with a smile.
1	I WILL NOT BE GOING BACK.  My insurance covers a standard exam, including dilation.  When I got there, the attendant gave me paperwork to sign which included an agreement to have an electronic scan instead of dilation for an extra $39.00.  Both her and the paperwork made it sound like it was basically mandatory.  I had to fill out a form declining it and tell two attendants that I did not want to pay extra.  When I went to the doctor, she told me my eyes were "healthy" and I didn't need that portion of the exam, even though I've had it every other time I've been to an optometrist.  Finally, they REFUSED to tell my inter-pupilary distance.  I asked the doctor and she said that the eyeware people would not let her tell me.  I asked the eyeware people and they said the doctor wouldn't let them tell me.  Finally, after making a few fake excuses, the doctor told me that they didn't want people to know because they didn't want them to be able to order online.
4	Everyone at the office was great,  the only problem I had  was making an appointment at the call center, the woman told me it will take about a month to see if my insurance will go through, and she said ,   call back in a month,   so i called back in 1 week,   and had my appointment the next  day,   and this time  another woman said  she had to put my insurance through again because she did not see it  from the first call, other than that  i give all of you working there including the doctor  a big A plus
4	Had an overall good experience. I was able to get a same day appointment for my daughter without a problem. We got seen by the Dr. right away and everyone there treated us exceptionally well. This was my daughter's first eye exam and first pair of glasses so they were very helpful in every step of the way and in helping us choose frames that she would like.
5	I have been to many Vision providers in Las Vegas. I have NEVER received as great service as I did here. I made an appointment the same day and got in right on time. I was so impressed with the friendliness and quickness that was provided while there. The cost was also very competitive with other stores. I will definitely be recommending this location to all my friends and family.
5	This place is amazing. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I would recommend Pearle Vision to anyone!
5	I have had a horrible experience in the past with a different eye glass business so I was skeptical going in.  The whole experience was great!  The staff is very professional and helpful.  I don't have vision insurance, but I do have AARP which offered a very good discount!  My two pair of glasses took less than a week to arrive.  They were fitted properly and they do offer free adjustments.  I would highly recommend this Pearle Vision location.
5	Very thorough and friendly. Very good experience
5	I made an appointment for the Friday after Thanksgiving fo a exam and to get new glasses . I've been coming here for 6+ years and the Dr's are great and the staff of young lady's are always smiling and very helpful. The selection of frames and different styles is awesome! And the prices are very good. Thankyou for another great experience .
