4	Get some Chippewa Indian barbeque....Minnesota style!  Famous Dave's started in Minnesota. I've been told that Dave is a Chippewa Indian...may sound a little odd...but he cooks up some very good barbeque!  Three restaurants have opened in Arizona in the past year or so.Famous Dave's was a staple of my diet back when I was sufferin' in Minne-snow-ta. The chicken is OK, pulled pork and beef brisket better.But what pulled me in were their St. Louis style ribs. Baby backs are good, but I just kind of dig spare ribs more. Don't know why...I just do. Famous Dave's does a pretty fair job with theirs.  Nice and meaty,  and grilled so that there's a little char on them. The meat falls off the bone just like it should. If I have any complaint with them it's that they slather it with their regular sauce. I really like their Texas Pit better. So if you're in the area, give them a try. Starting to get a little corporate, but don't let that stop you.  It's good solid "Q" that rivals most in the Valley. P.S. Skip the frozen corn as a side...ask for extra beans! :)
5	Amazing BBQI first ate at Dave's when I lived in Nebraska.  When I found they had opened a restaurant in AZ I was there in a heartbeat.  Go with a large group, grab one of the "feasts" served on a trashcan lid (don't worry, I'm sure it has been wiped down!), and have a little bit of everything.  Brisket, Ribs, Chicken, Cornbread, Beans, you name it.
5	After a long weekend at a kung fu seminar my sifu had, and REALLY bad food a had in scottsdale, I was thinking to myself AZ food sucks!!!!!! I don't live in AZ but I go there atleast once a year and when I leave I am disapointed and wishing I'm back in CA for real food. One of my friends that live there challenged my complaint and brought me to Famous Dave's Barbeque. You know i loves me some bbq but this is AZ how good can it be?? WoW!!!! This place is off the hook!!!!! we ordered the dinner sampler which had chicken, hot links, BRISKET!!, ribs, and some sides. They were all feakin OFF DA HOOK man!!!! Especially the brisket!! i think it was the best i ever had. they offered 4-5 different kinds of bbq sauce. I'm tellin ya i was in heaven!!! PLS forgive me AZ for i have sinned!! you have opened my eyes and i will never say the food sucks there again!!! THANK YOU SIR, MAY I HAVE ANOTHER!!!  :)
5	Famous Daves satisfies that question when you have NO IDEA what you want for dinner.  Just remember that.I'm sorry... I love the barbecue but I go there for two things... the sweetwater catfish ... and the BREAD PUDDING.  ENOUGH SAID!!!The only bad thing is parking.  If you can't get their early... make sure you wore comfortable shoes.  Other than that... CAN'T BE A HELPIN' OF DAVE's
5	Famous Dave's serves up the best barbeque in town, without a doubt. The staff are friendly, the ribs are to die for, and the desserts (if you make it that far) are simply awesome. The feasts on the clean trashcan lid are good value if you have a large number of people in your party and offer you a sampling of some of the best items on the menu. If in doubt, though, try the St. Louis ribs. I've had them often and have never been disappointed.
3	Good, but not as good as it could have been. It really should be 3.5 * Their sauces are awesome and should be tried by anyone who even remotely likes BBQ. That is a HUGE plus. Then it kind of goes downhill. Putting aside their pathetic excuse for ice tea, food was not as good as i would hope for.Chicken always boring in this kind of places, just a grill chicken smothered with bbq sauce, or at least this is how it always seems to me.  This is how it was at Dave's too, so i did not get any this time around. Instead i went with Georgia Pulled Pork and Sweetwater Fish. Fish was just like a generic fried fish sticks and unless dunked into one of the sauces was not any interesting. Pork was better but not awesome. It was not ....hummm... how do you explain this.... falling apart enough. Does this make any kind of sense? It felt like it was rushed out of the smoker. It could use more time in there for sure.Corn muffing was good, corn cob was fine and spicy beans, while on the stranger side, were alright as well. Their sauce rocks and makes anything taste like it = GOOD!"I like"Eugene
5	WARNING: BBQ AT IT'S MOST ADDICTIVE!!!I love Famous Dave's, we try to come here at least weekly for lunch. friendly staff, reasonably quick service, and the meat just melts in your mouth. They have a good selection of their own sauces (5 or 6), from sweet n' sassy to 'devil spit', tasty fries, and awesome cornbread muffins.Try the rib combo platter with some brisket, or the Texas Manhandler Sandwich (Memphis Style). Can get a little crowded at lunch, especially on Fridays.Join the PIG (Pretty Important Guest) club for special offers & free Lil' Wilbur meals for kids on their birthday.You won't be disappointed.
5	My family (including the kids!) enjoy this restaurant.  As a vegetarian there isn't much for me but I still enjoy a huge baked potatoe with a variety of different bbq sauces.  lol.  Everyone else sticks with ribs.
5	This place is so good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I love BBQ and it is hard to find good BBQ.  This place has so of the best BBQ in town.
5	I love Famous Daves. I gain atleast 3 pounds after finishing a plate here. Mmmmmm.
4	Full... so... full!!It was over 36 hours ago that I had Famous Dave's BBQ... and I'm STILL full!! I was frustrated with my so-called-friends of my so-called-LIFE! and I decided to seek a nice evening instead a drama-filled night of pulling  Chinese Fire Drills on the southside of town. So I hollared at the sis and consulted Yelp to see where a great BBQ place is... Dave's was at the top of the list.After hours and hours of texting - we were set! We got there on a Friday evening at around 7pm or so and there were several parties ahead of us, naturally. We were told it was a 25 minute wait. So we went outside to play with my new camera. Not even 15 minutes later - we were called to out table. YAY!We sat down and I immediately started the BBQ Sauce taste test! Pouring them onto what was apparently where our used bones go. (ew) We tasted each kind and chose our favorites. Their Sweet & Zesty and Rich & Sassy (is that right?) sauces were my faves. I couldn't hang with the Geogria Mustard sauce nor could I take the devil's spit. I looove hot food, but I wasn't feeling the sauce. The Texas Pit was CRAZY-AWESOME! but it just didn't mesh well with the flavor of the bbq. I was lobbying for The Feast the entire way there!! and YESSS... the sis and cousin agreed!! I had to ask the intertribal table battle cry... Are you HUNGRY... or are you STARVING?!?! the answer is ALWAYS starving!! haha!! While an ENTIRE chicken, a WHOLE slab of pork ribs and half a briskit  were being prepared along with our corn on the cob, cole slaw, beans, french fries & corn bread muffins... we dined on fried catfish. Seriously - I didn't dig it. I think it was the flavor of the fish itself but the sauce it came with tasted pretty rad especially when mixed with the Texas Pit sauce! :)And then... The Feast arrived! Served on a trash can lid... that I'm PRAYING has atleast been hosed off before hitting our table! :P It was HUGE, it was beautiful! :D I'm sooo glad we ordered it! We each grabbed our tong (it came with three) and we just dug in! I had two plates of food and I was STUFFED! I was in hog heaven!! I had several ribs and the BEST briskit i ever HAD!! The meat was perfect - the biggest letdowns was in the side dishes.The corn was obviously frozen at one time - but still good. The beans were oniony (i don't like onions) so I didn't dig 'em. the fries were VERY salty... but still good. I wish we could have had more cornbread muffins. But I MUST say - the cole slaw was probably the best I have EVER had! Crazy yummy!At the end of the meal - we couldn't hang. There was a huge amount of chicken left and and a few ribs and a TON of fries and we didn't even touch the beans. We took home two to-go boxes and still left some food on the our trusty trash can lid. We got to the car, to-go boxes in hand and I just wanted to lower the seat and just SLEEP! It was so good!!I will DEFINATLY be back! It was crazy yummy. There were serious smoke rings in their ribs! their sauces were tasty and had zing to spare! Their prices were a lil high. (nearly $60 for The Feast!) but it was worth EVERY penny!! I am such a fan, I cannot imagine ever venturing into Chandler Mall's food court again with Famous Dave's being just a few steps away!
3	BBQ is a personal thing, and for me, FD is what it is: chain BBQ. I'm not personally into receiving my barbecue drowning in sauce, I don't mind a little added at the end, but I like to taste what the original meat tasted like. I was impressed by how tender the meat was until I realized it had probably been tenderized with a sodium solution. the servings are huge, the sides are OK.Really, Famous Dave's was OK. With other barbecue choices in the valley being superior, I'd pass on the chain and go looking authentic.
4	Yummy, yummy, yummy barbecued pork ribs! I always get the Regular Ribs - 1/3 Slab Platter with a baked potato instead of the sides (which are blah). The corn on the cob and corn bread muffin that come with the Platter are delicious as well. My husband enjoys the Texas Beef Brisket.So far, I haven't found another BBQ restaurant in the Valley that's better!UPDATE: I still really like the BBQ here, but we prefer the Mesa Riverview location as it's less busy. Hmm, I'm downgrading from a previous 5-star. That was probably a bit crazy anyway. : )
4	my day job will on occasion get catering from Famous Dave's BBQwe usually only get pulled pork, chicken, and brisket, the beans, and potato salad.the Pork is pretty good. the brisket is smoky. but i don't normally order brisket anywhere so i cannot really compare it. the beans are pretty good...its got meat in it!!!. the potato salad is tasteless. meh. the sauce is REALLY good. i prefer the Devil's Spit. i still have a packet of it on my desk. trying to figure what I'm going to put it on. my hand looks pretty tasty... ARRRGH!!!! ok..I'll save the rest to put on real food.
4	I lubz me some Famous Dave's.I first visited one in Nebraska on a business trip about 7 years ago, we ate there about 7 times over 2 weeks. No joke.I took a client out to lunch today, and he said, "let's go to this BBQ place down the block."You can imagine my pure joy when it turned out we were going to this palace of pork perfection.  Their lunch combos are under $10 and huge. I had 2 tasty ribs, a giant bbq chicken breast with wing attached, corn, corn bread, and coleslaw. It was as good as I remember.Devil's Spit sauce is the shit. Don't even mess with the others, homie. My only wish is that they had Diet Dr. Pepper. Seriously... If you aren't planning on getting totally plowed, you have to have Dr. Pepper with BBQ. Anything else is sacrilege.4 not 5 because there is better BBQ out there. But not that I've had in AZ, unless I've made it myself.
4	3 1/2 Stars.Girl's choice last night.... and we (my sister, my niece Carol, and myself) ended up at the Famous Dave's in Chandler. These Famous Dave's look like every other one... typically bright Orange and Yellow! At night, you must have deficient eyesight if you can't find a Famous Dave's! In the evening, Famous Dave's is just a lighthouse beacon in the middle of a drab mall!On the menu...Blue Margarita (** 1/2) made with Blue Curacao - It's disconcerting when the last time you saw your niece she was just drinking Cokes... now it's Blue Margaritas. Must be getting old. In summary... not very toxic. Could have drank this in one gulp and wouldn't have had an effect! Machine mixed and made. Looked cool, though, with an Aquamarine Blue color.All American BBQ Feast (****) Gimmick is that all this stuff ( Full Slab of St Louis style SpareRibs (*****), Whole BBQ Chicken (*** 1/2), 1/2 lb of Texas Beef Brisket (*****), Famous Fries (*****), 2 Baked Potatoes with all the Fixin's (*****) replaced the Coleslaw and Wilbur Beans, 4 Corn on the Cob (***), 4 Muffin Style Corn Bread (****) ) is served on a bright, shiny, galvanized Garbage Can lid. Some of the items definitely lacking in BBQ flavor.Hot Fudge Kahlua Brownie (**) Warm, Walnut covered Chocolate Brownie, soaked with Kahlua Liquer and topped with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, Hot Fudge, and (loads and loads of) Whipped Cream. Ice Cream and Kahlua was no-where to be found!Total tab: $82.08. Not bad for the amount of food.Service (****) This is a total generalization... but what the heck! The wait-staff at Famous Dave's is totally opposite from the previous evening's robotic lifeless performance from the wait-staff at Olive Garden ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/olive-garden-italian-restaurant-chandler#hrid:l6HajH2UNtb1EZMTj19Ccg  ). I really don't give a darn if it's just a performance... the attitude that the wait-staff presents will be passed onto the customers... whether bad or good.Typical of all Famous Dave's you sit at a booth or table covered with Red and White checkered table-cloths. At the front entrance is a display of all the BBQ awards that Famous Dave's BBQ items have won.... mostly in the MidWest. Check out the lead-pipe utilitarian interior design... Cool!Very colorful and festive atmosphere! Kids or adults with a kid's attitude will love Famous Dave's.
4	HUGE portions!  Food was very good as well!  One of the better BBQ places in town!
4	So I was craving bbq a while ago and asked my lunch buddy to try this place with me. He looked at me funny and said "YOU have never been there??" So off we went. Famous Dave's has the regular decor you would expect at a BBQ joint; wooden furniture, country decor... very standard. We were greeted and seated quickly. A VERY flustered waitress came to our table nearly out of breath and asked "Have you guys been helped yet??" I sighed silently, bracing myself for poor service. To my relief a very polite waiter came over and said that he had taken our table and would be very happy to help us. GOOD call!Our waiter could not have been more polite and fast. I just wish I could remember his name because he was awesome!I was famished so I got the baby back and meat combo. For the meat I chose the hot link sausage. Our waiter explained each of the sauces that were on our table to us. He even told us our food would arrive in 5-10 minutes. DING! 8 minutes later, my food had arrived in front of me. With the meat, I got two sides which were macaroni and cheese, and green beans. Man was everything good! The ribs were nice and tender, the hot link was smoky, but not terribly spicy. It was so good! The macaroni and cheese is REAL macaroni and cheese. If you eat comfort food, you know what I mean. The green beans had potato and onion in them which is yet another southern touch! I loved everything and it was a lot of food. I don't know if I can make Famous Dave's a regular stop, but I would love to! I will return there again next time I'm craving good bbq!
5	This is my favorite place of allllll time. I love their pulled pork barbeque (Georgia Pulled Pork). Food size is great and filling, definatly a lot of ffod for the price. Would recommend for anyone who loves barbeque!
1	With two very good, family run BBQ spots within 7miles of this place, I'm not sure why anyone would go here.  Their BBQ sauce is not homemade, it arrives at the store in bulk, and is no better than something you would find at Safeway.... full of additives, preservatives,  "natural flavoring", and most absurd, GLUTEN.  Skip this place and go to Cooper's or Joe's in Gilbert.
4	I've been to Joe's & Bobby Q's but Dave's takes the BBQ on this one! We got Dave's family portions for one of our many tailgating experiences. We tried all of there dishes and the beef brisket was delicious as was the pulled pork. And don't forget the cornbread muffins. While this is a place you cannot go often or you will be the pig! Its worth the calories every now and then!!
4	Since we didn't know what to expect from this place, we ordered feast for two.  The ribs and chicken turned out to be very yummy.  Brisket..well, it was ok.*pork ribs = very yummy.  we will order full slab next time for sure!*atmosphere = very interesting - casual.*service = very friendly and nice
4	A BBQ Chain?  Well why not?  There must be something good about it if it became a national chain from a small bbq joint.  I like BBQ so why not give it a shot.  We were hungry and it was late on a Saturday afternoon when we pulled into the parking lot.  I was suprised to see how busy it was and it wasn't even 5pm yet.We were greeted warmly and seated right away.  Our server was great.  She was very accomadating and good with my daughter.  We ordered a catfish appitizer and dang, it was good!!!  Flavorful crunch on the outside and flakey and tender catfish on the inside.  I had a half slab of baby back ribs and it came with corn on the cob a cornbread muffin and two sides.  I had baked beans and green beans.  The green beans were delish!  They had bacon and onions and new red potatoes in them.  They had a nice crispness to them and the flavor was great!  The baked beans were yummy too....saucy with bacon and a hint of molasses.  The ribs were fall off the bone yummy!!  I ate em all!  I could not stop!!  Our server came back several times to check on us, refilled my ice tea because I could even ask and made sure my daughter had everything she wanted too.  They have a nice kid's meal menu and my daughter had mini corn dogs that she loved!!  There were lots of familes dining together on this Saturday afternoon.  The place had a festive vibe to it.  It's bright and countryish.  Not long after we sat down there was an announcement.......Wilbur The Pig would be making an appearance!!  And he did appear......he tirelessle walked all around the dining room greeting the guests and playing with the kids. My daughter LOVED him!!  He came to our table several times and "hammed" it up with her.  They laughed, played, and danced!!  She had a blast!!  It's a small thing but Wilbur The Pig made her happy and made her laugh and she has not stopped talking about him since.  The dining room was clean, our server was great, the food was yummy and my daughter had a great time!  What more could I ask for?  Well....I told our server it was our first time at Famous Daves and she brought me some coupons for future visits and a small bottle of Famous Dave's yummy sauce!!  NICE!  You can be sure we will be back!!!
4	I really do enjoy Famous Daves.  We usually get the family of 4 deal and that offers almost every single meat they offer.   Something for everyone.  The service is good, the food is good and everyone is happy!
4	I love Famous Daves.  I really really do. This place is AMAZING!!! I LOVE IT HERE!!!!!!  Its good, consistant BBQ, and holds its own against other places in town that I have eaten at.  Full menu for any appetite-small medium OR large.  Food is consistantly good, and filling as well.Audrey and I came here for lunch today, and it was delicous as always.  We were seated immediately, and pondered over the menu for a while.  I went with the BBQ Brisket lunch sandwich, and Audrey went with the fish sandwich.  Both dishes were tasty, and extremely filling!I will say, even though I server was VERY nice and friendly, I was surprised at how slow she was with taking our orders, and our food took a while to come out. No points lost, just a side note.Will gladly be returning for some of the best BBQ in town! I love ya Daves!
4	My Redneck radar went off when I entered Daves'. They were selling camouflage shirts with US flags on it saying "Support the Troops." There were U.S. Flags everywhere but not in that patriotic sense but sorta in that obnoxious "We want to remind you we love America more than you" sense. Our waiter even said "ya'll" and sounded like he was from Texas. I was dying for an NRA card just to protect myself. Our waiter even knew we had never dined there before because when we looked accross the room, the entire restaurant was White and very "Apache Junction" if you know what I mean.I had every reason to hate this place and I ended up debating whether I should give this place 5 stars. The food was great. I had the St. Louis pork ribs. It was 12.99 and came with two sides and I was stuffed when I left. I can't believe they had combos that had even more food than that.  Although our waiter was a good ole boy, he was polite, efficient and considerate. He also took his time to explain the menu and didn't give us the idea that he wanted to buzz off right away.  The only bad thing was he was also a bit salesy and tried to push selling their sauces but all the waiters are asked to do that there. Nonetheless, the service was an A+ and very non-Phoenix. Yes, this person was a middle aged person that didn't act like he was going to be a model or actress and act like he was too good for his job.The food was really good but it was missing something. The waiter bragged that their St Louis ribs were huge and had a lot of meat on them but honestly, they were of average size. I can't imagine how small their spare ribs might have been then because the St. Louis ribs were "much bigger" ,  While I enjoyed their sauce, the meat was rather tasteless. No, the meat did not taste bad or anything but there was no flavor like you find at Honey Bears or the famous BBQ places in the country. Their sides were good but nothing special. The Cole Slaw tasted no different than Cole Slaw at KFC, honestly the Cole Slaw at Long John Silvers tastes better than here. The mac n cheese similarly was good but not uniqe. Their french fries were disappointing and tiny little potatoe wedges.  Their cornbread was really good and the only side dish that really set them apart.I would recommend this place because there are many positives. The food came out quickly. The service was seriously perfect, you never had to worry where your waiter disappeared to because he would come by at least 3 times to make sure you were okay.  The food was extremely priced well. I paid $30 for a feast. $12.99 for a rib dinner is a steal.  Seriously, you can't even go to McDonalds and order that much food for $12.99.  And yes, I even liked the Redneck charm. It's a fun experience and you forget you are near the west coast and instead feel like you are in Texas or Mesa...take your pick. Nonetheless, don't expect the BBQ to blow your mind. It's truly very good BBQ and better than El Paso for sure but I would still say Honey Bears is better.  But overall, I think if you go here, you will leave happy and ultimately that's what is important.
4	Good food and service again.  I just love everything at Famous Daves.   I enjoyed it with my brother in law, wife and brother and they all said their food was fantastic as well.Beef - nice smokey flavor but not to powerful, and the pulled pork was just amazing and juicy .... This location seems to have things down pat and I would recommend anyone go here.  Why no 5 stars still?  IMO its just not as good as some other BBQ places that are 5 star worthy, but don't let that stop ya from going to Daves...its amazing.
4	Love their BBQ!!We go there once a month.Only complain was the service.They dropped the food off and never came back to check on us.They only came back once to drop the bill off and insist on buying dessert.All of the servers are like that...hmmm.
4	Worth breaking the diet for. Fub place, clean and nice staff. I used to think you had to to get BBQ from a hole in the wall "joint" but Dave changed that
4	We ate there recently and the food was great. Though there is a wait to get in, that goes quick with free slices of sausage and pickles to whet your appetite. The food on the menu seems like its not enough, but believe me, its more than enough. Good food, friendly staff, reasonable prices.
4	GREAT NEW HAPPY HOUR!  Ok, A great new place to do Happy Hour!  They just began this happy hour thing last month and it's been well worth the wait.  $2 drafts, $3 huge drafts, $3 wells & 1-4 Dollar appetizers.  They always feature the current Sam Adams seasonal & JIMMY BUFFET'S Land Shark Lager so there is always somthing nice to quench yoour thirst.  The greatest feature of all?   These specials can only be had at the bar, so NO SCREAMING CHILDERN to deal with!!! YAY!!!  REALLY!  Dosen't it just suck that parents think it's ok to subject other people to their poorly raised howling children? Won't have that problem doing happy hour here!!! YAY AGAIN!!! I'm a fan!!!
4	It needs to be said that the area around Chandler Fashion Center is in dire need of a good locally owned joint.  However, left with no other choices yesterday, Famous Dave's knocked me off that soapbox for a couple hours.  All the chain components were there - building that looks like the Beverly Hillbillies' cabin, honkey-tonk music playing over the muzak, so much crap on the walls you could hardly see wall, cute pig sayings on staff t-shirts, merchandise table in front...you know the drill.  But the stuff on the walls was genuinely funny (my favorite being the neon pig with the letters M-E-A-T in neon underneath where the M would flash on and off so it would say EAT MEAT).  All the staff were both friendly and knew what they were doing - management clearly must not allow airheads.  Our server helped us through all the special deals they had going on, like the $5 frozen Jose Cuervo margarita and $1/$2/$3/$4 happy hour food (not on their website, but hh is 3-7).  Food came quick and was really, really good.  BBQ experts would probably call their BBQ "pedestrian"  (use of that word is a sure way to id a food snob BTW), but I had fun trying the 6 different sauces they had on the table for us (one is called Devil Spit - ha!).  It was a fun place that fed us tasty, fun tood, and we had fun interacting with their staff.  What more could you ask for?  Well...I was in pain the rest of the day, so would ideally like to see more gut-friendly options, but for heaven's sake it's a BBQ joint so I can deal with it once in a while.
4	a friend and i split a St. Louis Rib-N-Meat BBQ Combo with ribs and brisket for lunch; green beans, fries, cornbread, etc.  for $16.  two hungry guys barely finished it - the ribs are just perfect and the brisket is tender and juicy.  one word review = Yummy.
5	I know it is a chain, but I am hard pressed to find better barbecue in Phoenix. The rib tips are among the best I have ever tasted. The brisket and ribs are also good. The hot links are good, but not as wonderful as the other stuff. I buy their sauces for home and go through Devil Spit like water. Service is always good too. They also do a great job at catering. They handled food at an event I recently coordinated and they handled 200 plus people very efficiently. I highly recommend Famous Dave's to anyone who likes barbecue. There is better at certain mom and pop places in the South, but again, I put it up against anything in Phoenix--even Joe's in Gilbert.
4	My daughter and I have been to Famous Dave's many times since my first review.  This last time we went, our server was again pleasant and on the money with reccomendations.  My daughter is addicted to the roasted chicken.  She cleans it down to the bone every time!  And their bread pudding is sooooo good!  It's rich so beware.  Do not order the full on dessert, instead try the smaller version.  It is just right.  Another great thing about Famous Daves, one of the servers that we had about 6 months ago, Kristen, remembered us!  Now that is customer service!  Thanks Dave!!
3	Great food but the service is hit and miss.
5	I was taken aback by how good I thought this place was.The server was SUPER nice and friendly.The food was DEEEEEEEELISHI *loved* all the different bbq sauces right there on the table.  Seriously, it was my favorite part.  Because I love sauce.  Lots of different kinds of sauces.  All over my tender meats.  Delicious.The best part... how flippin' cheap it was!  We went during lunch time (which is 7 days a week), and I think my two meat meal with a side item and cornbread was like $7.99?AWESOME!I'll return I'm sure.
4	I have eaten here with my family more than a handful of times.We are repeat customers mainly for the food.  When we come in a big group, a couple of "All American Feasts" usually does the trick.  They have an excellent  menu.  I usually order the Rib Tips or the BBQ Buddies, which is a plate that consists of four different BBQ sliders.  I don't usually like coleslaw, but theirs is exceptional.  In fact, all of their sides are pretty damn good.  My favorite is the potato salad.Sometimes, all my younger daughter wants to eat is Mac & Cheese, and thankfully, they have that on the kids menu.  The different sauces brings your meal full circle.  I love having options like that.  Each one is delicious, but I'm especially drawn to the "Texas Pit" and "Devil's Spit" sauces.A couple of years ago, there was a waitress there that we would almost always get, and it was pretty much guaranteed that she would bring us the wrong side dishes.  It was pretty cool, since she would bring us the correct sides and not take back the incorrect order.  I miss those days.I really like that they have a hand-washing station right in the dining area.  It's only right that an eatery of this style provides such a convenient option.The only reason I held back on giving this restaurant that one remaining star is because I'm a big fan of sweet tea, and I have noticed that theirs is pretty hit or miss.  If that was more consistent, I'd be inclined to giving them a perfect score.
5	This place gets it right every visit. I am no expert on BBQ food but you really can't beat the consistency Dave's seems to always deliver the good when we visit. I love the range of sauces on the table and the Devil's Spit is my choice every time!We will be back.
3	It was my first time ever to any Famous Dave's. I like the fun atmosphere and the decoration of the restaurant. We sat there for about good 15 mins before the a waiter acknowledged we were there when he walked pass by a few times to wait on the table right next to us. Brought us drink but forgot the straws said he will be right back with them but never did. The service was very slow. I don't know what happened but 3 of the tables that was there after we did got all their food before we had ours. Finally the manager brought us our food. We had no BBQ sauce on the table and waiter never come back to check on us. I have to admit I'll only come back to this place only for the food and not expecting so much out of the service.Rib tips was really good and come in a  big portion. Raspberry Martini was yummy.
3	Famous Dave's finally opened up near me in the Bay Area and I wanted to see what I had to say about the restaurant...color me surprised when I realized that in the 4 times I had eaten at Famous Dave's in Arizona, I had never written a review! Time to remedy that...We came here on the weekend after it had first opened, back in 2006/2007. Service was good and snappy. Food was all right.Without really knowing it, I had commented to hubby and our friend, "I don't know what to make of this place, but something about it screams 'chain' to me. It doesn't feel very local." Sure enough, we got home and googled it...it's a chain.While I dislike supporting chain restaurants (my experiences with BJ's is the one that comes to mind), this one made me go, "ok, I can deal with it."What hooked me was the corn muffin...which I dubbed the Corn Crack Muffin. Honey was evident throughout. I do not like honey, but it so worked on these muffins. I had to contain myself. I nearly made hubby go and flag a server down so I could eat his muffin (that sounds rude, doesn't it?) in his absence. The server liked us and I suspect it was due to hubby's Scottish accent...she kept bringing the Corn Crack Muffins. So much so that I was full when my food arrived.I got the brisket and this is where the meal fell short for me - the fries were seasoned with so much salt that I was thirsty all night after. Portions of the brisket were not consistent with the pricing. I felt like I got ripped off. Food was just ok, but not enough to make me want to boost this up to 4 stars.Server was great and I really commended them for the wonderful service in such a short time of being open. Most places take three months to a year to get it right.The Manager was so enamored with hubby's accent that he gave us so many coupons and a couple of bottles of Dave's BBQ sauce, hoping to entice us to come back.Make sure to get here early because it's situated right next to the Chandler Mall - it gets crazy and parking made me feel like I was in the Bay Area - fighting for that one spot that is remotely close to my destination.Now...on to writing the review for the one on Dobson.
4	By far one of my favorite BBQ joints in AZ! I love me some BBQ but am also all about the sides. If I go to a BBQ place that has terrible sides, no matter how good the meat is, I most likely will not return. The meat and sides both need to be phenomenal for me to be satisfied! Famous Dave's gets it right with both! Ive gotten several meats from here (I go here a lot) and all have been great. These include the Georgia Chopped Pork, the brisket, the country roasted chicken (I think this is actually my favorite), and I definitely cannot forget about the sweet water catfish with remoulade and sweet chili sauce (Comes in second). Ive also tried a number of the sides and they are all awesome: mac and cheese is by far my favorite cause its creamy and has sweet corn and jalapenos in it. So different but some of the best mac I have ever had! Their potato salad also rocks. Its not sweet potato salad but its flavor is out of this world! Also great are the Wilbur beans and the firecracker green beans with bacon! YES BACON!. About the only side I am not fond of is their fries. I find these little steak fries to be mediocre at best. Additionally, most of the meals are served with a corn muffin which is sooooo good. Make sure you ask for honey with this. So yeah, this place makes me pretty happy each time I go here. One of the best things about it is the price. You can get a 2 meat combo with two sides, corn muffin, and corn on the cob for 13.99! That's AWESOME! Now on to a couple of things that could be better. They are not always consistent with their meat. The hub has stated that their Brisket is very inconsistent and sometimes is out of this world and other times a little dry. Same with the chopped pork. Also, sometimes the service is extremely slow and not very friendly. Lastly, the desserts could be better. Being a total bread pudding connoisseur, I order it wherever I go that they have it if I have room. Got it here once and was not impressed. It tasted more like cake and the maple sauce on it just wasn't my thing. If you want great bread pudding, hit up Charlestons. Also, I think Famous Daves uses the same cake in all their non chocolate desserts. Last night when I ordered the mini strawberry shortcake, it looked the same as the bread pudding but with a strawberry sauce instead of the maple sauce. Bread pudding is not cake so it should not be made with cake! Also, strawberry shortcake should have several strawberries in it rather then just a little slice with a thin runny strawberry sauce. But to each his own, this is just my opinion and some people might love their desserts. I will admit that their chocolate brownie sundae is pretty dam tasty. Anyways, if you are looking for great BBQ and sides at a great price, this is your place!
5	BBQ is bar far my favorite food.  I just cant say no when Im around it.  Famous Dave's is the best in the valley.  Since Arizona is not your BBQ state, there's not much to choose from here, but this rocks.Famous Daves has won many awards for their famous St. Louis style ribs, and something I eat everytime I am there.They have amazing sides and the BEST corn bread I have ever eaten.  The best time to go is right around 5PM.  That seems to be when they bring out their freshest and new food for the dinner crowds.  I love this place and its right next to me, so when I get the BBQ hunger, I'll head to Daves.
4	Amazing food! Great waiting staff, and the drink I ordered was very good and had the right amount of liquor. I will be coming back to this place for sure!
3	Came here for the first time with 5 other people. It's a nice and lively place to dine at with a large party. Most of the tables were seated by family members or birthday parites...they're really accommodating to large parties. Their menu consists of a variety of BBQ (feasting) options. If you're vegetarian, I would suggest going somewhere else. Being as though they like to advertise the numerous awards they've received on their bbq's, I'd doubt you guys would even bother to come anyhow. I ordered the chicken wings off the appetizer because I wasn't too hungry. Got the mild spiciness level and it was perfect. The meat fell right off the bone and 8 pieces actually ended up being a little too much (shared them with others at the table). You can see pictures of what was devoured at our table. Nobody raved about how good their meal was, but definitely were more than full by the time we got up. Two people ordered the full stack of pork ribs though and they seemed to thoroughly enjoy it..don't know how they finished it...it's crazy big and comes with 2? 3 sides?? mac and cheese side comes with jalapenos and corn mixed in them. yummm and the mashed potato was good too. Service was okay, could've seen our waiter more but others working at the restaurant roam around to check up on how you're meal is going..even their mascot (fat pink pig) Only thing I must note: IceT the rapper and actor (Law and Order: SVU) was spotted dining with family as we were finishing up! omg it made me so happpy. I was staring at him smiling while he was walking from the restroom to his table...i swear he saw me and snuck a wave. Would've asked for a picture but didn't want to bother his precious time with family/friends. Big lot for parking, right by the Harkins Theater at Chandler mall.
4	I think we have found our favorite barbecue restaurant.  The ribs at Famous Dave's are fantastic!  I ordered the whole rack and I'm glad I did because I had plenty to bring home, which I vacuum sealed and ate later on.  They had just the right smokiness to them and the ribs were so meaty, moist and delicious that I really did stuff myself as best I could, quite frankly.  Then, just when you think things couldn't be much better, they had mac and cheese that was made with jalapenos and corn.  What a great idea!  I was in heaven!  The coleslaw was fresh and tasted great with the mac.  As soon as the server put the plate in front of me and I saw that coleslaw, I knew it was going to be a winner because the colors were vibrant and it didn't look like it sat in the fridge for a day or two, like some restaurants. I ordered a pecan pie for dessert and it was okay but not super great but it was warmed and had plenty of pecans.  It came with a nice little scoop of vanilla ice cream and a huge puff of whipped cream.  I made sure everyone had a spoon because I didn't want to be the only one eating it, that's for sure.  I can't wait to go back.  Good stuff!
3	I went here on New Year's Day which also happened to be a Saturday night so needless to say it was pretty busy when I walked in.  Luckily they were able to get us seated fairly quickly which was surprising.  Unfortunately our seats were at one of those long benches that has multiple tables spaced out along it.  So right away I was a little unhappy just because I value my personal space and don't particularly enjoy sitting elbow to elbow with the stranger sitting at the table next to me.The waitress was friendly and came by right away to get our drink orders.  She came back with them pretty fast and then took our meal order.  We didn't have to wait long for that either as that came out quicker than expected too.  The food was good as expected since I've been to Famous Dave's before (I would go just for their corn bread!).  I'll definately be going back just probably not on a Saturday night which also happens to be a holiday....
3	EH.....Items on their menu are definitely hit or miss.  Burgers are great as are the ribs but I would stay away from the tri tip.  their spicy wings are really spicy and would be great with some ranch but the ranch they brought us tasted more like blue cheese, YUCK!
4	Great server. The managers who came over were much more dull and down-beat.Food for our group of four was all great except for one person who's meat was a tiny bit dry.Overall, very worthy of my repeat business.
4	Almost always great ribs, love the BBQ Sauces, and fun and pleasant service.
5	Famous Daves @ Chandler Fashion Center has never failed to satisfy me.  Tonight's brisket was excellent, as always.  In all my travels and efforts to find good brisket, Dave's always provides excellent food and service.
4	I took advantage of the lunch/early-bird special and ordered the 2 meat platter with ribs & brisket.  They were both tender and delicious.  The brisket has a rich smoky flavor and the ribs had the perfect crust on the outside and juicy meat on the inside.This is a family restaurant with lots of children and always busy, so be ready.  There was no wait when we came in, but it was about 4 pm.Big steak fries, coleslaw, corn on the cob and corn biscuit are all good side selections. Oh, and beers are only $2.50 at this time of the day!Overall the prices are very affordable and the portions are good sized.Happy BBQ!
4	For a chain BBQ place, they seem to do just fine. I eat a lot of BBQ all over the country and this place is always good and consistent. It doesn't get the 5 stars like some of my favorites in KC but that's ok. I have probably eaten at Famous Dave's 30 times and never been disappointed with the food. Sometimes you get a server that can't do their job but that's to be expected with a chain. Nice to see they still make it happen after getting so large.
5	I've been a frequent customer of this establishment for years. I think we go there at least once a month.  Yes its a chain and their t-shirts are hokey but their food is probably some of the best BBQ I have eaten.  My favorite entree is the catfish fingers (which they discontinued *boo*).  There is a selection for any picky eater.  I'm not a big red meat eater so its refreshing to have so many chicken and pork selections.  The side dishes are probably what seals the deal for me.  My favorites are the mac and cheese and wilbur beans.  The only misgivings I have are:#1) The manager needs to stay in the kitchen and not check with every diner how things are going..#2) I try not to eat in the bar area, they tend to spend more time doing drink orders since it is the bar.All in all it is probably in the top 5 of restaurants that I eat at regularly.
5	Get out the napkins and dig in. Be sure to try the hot pickles when you come in the door.They train their staff well and you always feel well taken care of here.The food comes fast and the portions are large. Prices are good too.It is always fun tasting the various BBQ sauces on  the table while you wait for your food. I love the zesty and sweet and spicy.Smoked pork is awesome as are the ribs.This is one of our regular places to dine and I cannot remember ever having a bad meal here or bad service.I can see why they are always busy.It is clean, great food and great service. Yuppp...5 stars for sureEven the bathroom are nice!It is BBQ with style.Arizona Style
4	Let me just preface by saying that I don't like BBQ (not the flavor, nor the smell, etc...).  It was against my better judgement to visit this place and even consider eating here as I don't enjoy the taste at all...but, having said that - I was coerced into joining for lunch - so off I went.First of all, I was very impressed with how extensive the menu was.  It had everything from citrus-y grilled salmon, to burgers and of course BBQ.  I had the iced tea along with the extremely hot boneless wings (Wilbur's Revenge).  I have to admit the chicken was very spicy (I could definitely handle hotter) - but I was impressed.  I had their fries, mac 'n' cheese and corn.  The food was very fresh and tasty.  The other party had the lemon roasted chicken - wow!  Very fresh and with the Wilbur's Revenge sauce and a little tabasco to kick it up, the meal was much more enjoyable than I had ever expected it to be.  I will be back to try the bleu cheese burger, the cod sandwich, and the...sweet tea, and the list goes on!
2	I love Famous Daves.  We went two days ago and were very disapponted.  I got rib tips.  They tasted like they had been baked, no smoke flavor what so ever.  They seem to think that if they make the food spicier that will cover up the fact that they are not smoking it properly
4	OK, I have seen this place many times at Chandler Mall. I finally decided to give this place a try. To my surprise the food was quite good, pleasant atmosphere even during a busy lunch. I enjoyed the shredded pork more so that the beef brisket. All in all, a pretty good place for BBQ around Chandler Mall.
3	I went to dinner there this evening. There wasn't a wait so we where able to go right in. We ordered and within 10mins. We received our food. I noticed how dried out the ribs where and the bottom of one of my pieces of chicken was charcoal black burnt. I notified the waitress and she did at least take them and bring me fresh ones... Just seems like the quality of the food has really gone down... At least the service was ok..
3	If I could give this 2.5 stars, I would.  But that's because I've been to Joe's Real BBQ, and so I know how good BBQ can be.Famous Dave's is fine.  There are two of them I know of, and I've been to both.  They're both fine.We visited this one, near Chandler mall, for lunch.  We ordered off the lunch menu.  My wife and I both had the brisket sandwich.  I had the Wilbur beans, she had fries.  It was fine.  Not great, but OK.The brisket meat itself did not seem to be smoked.  At all.  Meat has a certain look and taste when it has been smoked, and this just didn't have it.  Frankly, the meat seemed sorta pale...as if it had been boiled instead of grilled or smoked.  And either the meat or the sauce was excessively salty.  It wasn't severe (or I would have returned it), but it was noticeable.  Salt should enhance flavor, not stand out as a major flavor.And a note about the sauce.  I examined one of their 'for sale' bottles (you can buy their sauce to take home).  Did they use molasses or brown sugar, as most self-respecting BBQ chefs would?  No.  High fructose corn syrup.  Yuck.  Besides that stuff being poison to your pancreas, it's just "not right".  That's not how BBQ is done.Anyway, Famous Dave's is really nothing special.  The BBQ is "OK", but not very authentic.  Given the choice I would take Joe's, hands-down.  But if you want some BBQ, and are nowhere near Joe's, this will do.  Beats the heck out of Tom's BBQ, that's for sure (see my review of Tom's...truly awful).  And the beans and fries are pretty good.
2	Food is okay but the service is always lacking in this place in Chandler.We went on Friday last week about 6pm and waited for 25-30 minutes to be seated. I looked around and saw many empty tables so wondered why they would even make us wait but the lobby was full of waiting families.Ordered the mac and cheese as a side to our family feast and did the waitress even mention it was spicy, NO! I have three kids under three and you dont mention that my side dish will burn their mouth and make them cry! I then brought it to her attention and she brought us a side of apples and said sorry about that.Okay BBQ not AMAZING but okay!
5	Family loves this place.My personal Fav is the Salmon Dip app.The ribs are great.Love the different dips.....
4	I walked in here for lunch today and I was like "whoa". And my co-worker was all "wha?" And then some random lady was all "foo-ie" and we were like "say what?" And then this old school dude was all "yo, 'fo shizzle" so we were all "table for 7, bra!!" And the host guy was all "you got it". So then I was all "don't be such a barney". I'm pretty sure he didn't get the reference but that's okay. The food was good. Sampler platter, grubalicous. I went with the 2 meat combo and did the bbq pulled pork and beef brisket even though I'm 110% vegan. If leaves tasted that good, then I probably wouldn't have to stray so often. Love their mac 'n cheese too. I would bathe in it if I could.
3	Barbeque was good, but nothing spectacular. I had the combo with btisket and baby ribs. I do like the selection of bbq sauces....texas pit is my fav. Now the buffalo wings were very good....especially the pineapple flavor one which is a must have.Overall not expensive and friendly staff.
4	We had a group lunch today here and I was quite impressed with their service.  Our party of 13 was quickly seated and our server gal was quick, friendly, and did an outstanding job of taking care of us.  Our food did take a while to come out, but I do believe that is expected when a party of 13 orders and backs up the kitchen.The atmosphere is a typical BBQ lunch place; lotsa chotchkies on the wall;  I do like that they have a hand washing station stationed right smack in the dining area - I was able to quickly wash before and after my tasty BBQ meal (lotsa sticky fingers); they also are generous with big bottles of about 5 different BBQ sauces on the table as well s giant rolls of brown paper towels (smart!).I ordered the two types of chikens they had on their lunch menu and for $9 I got a whole lotta chicken.  It was smoked and tasty and my side of broccoli was cooked well (not over steamed).  I am not a big fan of their BBQ sauces because they taste *really* sweet, but a little here and there was enjoyable.I think it is a great spot for a group lunch - we were seated quickly, served appropriately, had a filling meal, it was a good value, and easy with separate checks.
4	Had the Georgia Chopped Pork platter for lunch yesterday; very good. Meat was moist and flavorful. The baked beans had a nice smoky flavor. Service was attentive.
5	Good BBQ, great happy hour. New brisket burgers are terrific
4	This is a great bbq place and the service is always fantastic -- thanks "Famous Jim!" I love bbq and I really haven't found any comparable place. The have a great menus and my favorite meat is the brisket, so tender and yummy with their "sassy" bbq sauce. Also, they have paper towels and wetwipes at the table which is a big plus. I don't live near this location but whenever I'm in the Chandler area I certainlty have this on my list of lunch/dinner places. Just be prepared to want to go to bed after you eat :)
5	I don't like BBQ sause, but this place is the bomb! The food is fast and high quality! Parking sucks, but thats what happens when they are this good I guess! I will be going back for sure!
3	Outrageously large portions, good enough to share with the whole family.  The baked beans are also FANTASTIC as a side as well as the slaw.  I'm not a huge fan of the BBQ sauces, but the meat is just right :)
4	Ribs shouldn't be this good at a chain restaurant, but I keep eating them...
4	After a first visit ever to a Famous Dave's a couple of weeks ago (in Mesa), it was time to try another location & see if this store could match the awesome experience I had at the other one, so I whipped over here for lunch today, this time joined by Mike C.Their Lunch Specials give you plenty of great food for $8.99, but this time I went "whole hog" & ordered the St. Louis Rib-N-Meat Combo, just for fun.  This brought out a feast of homemade style, seasoned potato chips, potato salad, Wilbur Beans, 5 meaty spare ribs and a leg & thigh of their barbecued Country Style Chicken, plus a corn muffin and whipped butter.This was one of the more expensive ordering options on the regular menu at $16.99, but it was a big, delicious feast!I am going to give this visit one less star than the one to the other Famous Dave's because our server, "Famous JIm", was pushy, upselling menu choices & repeatedly trying to get us to buy their gift cards.
5	Always love it!! so good and good price
5	Great place for Bar B Que, not like most chain restaurants. Famous Dave is soooo good, it a make'ya wanta slap your momma IT'S JUST THAT GOOD. Staff is very friendly and helpful.
3	Really 3.5
5	Doesn't get better than this, the guys at the Chandler Mall location do it right, every time!
4	Fun place with great food and flavor
3	Tender bbq meat, friendly service, and good lunch specials.  We headed here after shopping at the Chandler Fashion Mall.  It was crowded around 1ish when we were here, but there was plenty of seating outside, and it was a nice day, so we ate on the patio.They have some good, reasonably priced lunch specials.  My husband had the pulled pork sandwich ($6.99) which included one side and a cornbread muffin.  I opted for the one-meat platter ($7.99) which also includes one side and cornbread.  For those that are really hungry, you can upgrade to a 2 meat platter for a dollar more.  There are various platter meats to choose from, including pulled pork, brisket, chicken, and a beer-battered cod.  I opted for the cod, which had a very crispy, crunchy crust.  The cod, however, was just a step up from the Gorton's Fisherman.  It was a little tough and dry.  I tried the pulled pork sandwich, which had a hearty amount of meat on plain hamburger bun.  The meat itself was tender, and had a good amount of smokey flavor, but for me, there was a little bit of a weird aftertaste with the meat at the end.  For sides, there are a multitude to choose from, including fries, mashed potatoes, baked beans, and green beans.  I tried the mashed potatoes, which had a strong garlic flavor, and had a light, whipped texture.Service was friendly, and drinks were refilled promptly as needed.  Overall, a decent price for decent food for lunch.
2	This Famous Dave's location just doesn't do it for me and I'm not really sure why. Something about the way it's laid out always makes it feel cramped and noisy. Or maybe its because it's always full or screaming kids who are tired and hungry after a long day at the mall? The severs are great but can never seem to keep up with the sheer volume of patrons and so its always a little messy, too. Food is pretty much the same as the rest of chain so I won't bother going into it.
5	Can you say "Smoked Out". Sweet Jesus, I thought someone  was having a BBQ. Famous Dave's- Chandler is the best y'er gonna get. Go Git'chu some. Great customer service, attentive wait staff, HELL'A good food.
5	Omg the best bbq place ever.  We had so much fun people were great.
4	Always good food and good enough service. They have good lunch deals also
4	Ultimate Burger,,, enough said !best lunch location in the area, hands down best burger with this style,,, yes, their other food is great also, i just like the burger that much more,,, Filling great price... the goto decision while there.
5	Huge portions. Amazing cornbread and pulled pork.
4	Ask for Wilburs revenge for a.spicer bbq sauce!
2	We have been to other Famous Dave's in the past and were happy. I spent 9 years in St Louis and 3 years in Dallas and have 2 grills and a smoker to show for it.  I never expect incredible barbecue from a chain but this was bad enough to prompt a review. I am not sure who the pit master was on a Saturday afternoon, but the ribs were dry and the brisket I was served was nothing but a fat cap. The service was excellent.
5	Great meal! Service was friendly and fast and everything we tried was delicious. Loved the Burnt Ends appetizer--small chunks of caramelized brisket served with pickled onions and  spicy pickle slices. They also served a small bowl of complementary kettle-cooked potato chips which were awesome. I can't believe they don't package and sell them.The chopped pork was moist and flavorful and so was my husband's brisket. The beans were delicious and not overly sweet and salty as in a lot of bbq places. Excellent cornbread. And the mac and cheese was unique in that it had whole kernel corn and jalapeno in it--very tasty! The garlic mashed potatoes were just ok.Great bbq sauces--my favorite was the Georgia Mustard and hubby liked the Sweet & Zesty so much he bought a bottle on his way out!Overall great bbq-- a LOT better than Rudy's or Can't Stop Smokin' which left both my husband and me underwhelmed when we tried them early this year.
3	This place is the standard BBQ place.  To be honest, I really missed good ol' Rudy's BBQ back when I was in Austin.  This place had decent ribs, but the brisket was not that moist.  Been to a bunch of these, and overall, the meats at this joint wasn't that great.I probably should've ordered a salad considering that night I wasn't feeling that great, but who the heck orders a salad at a BBQ place.
5	One of my favorite briskets place. If my taste buds serve me right its better than those I used to dine in texas. The spicy source from the kitchen is a little too much. At an instant tasting the very hot source, I hick up not stop for a minute before I can continue with my burger. Devil spit or even the milder texas spit is good enough. And texas spit definitely wont kill your taste buds just dont go crazily dipping the source
5	Fast, friendly atmosphere with great BBQ. I gotta tell you though, I always get their cheeseburger. I think it's in the top 5 burgers anywhere in the country. The spicy & sweet pickles and smoked bacon are just superb. You would be hard pressed to find a better burger anywhere. I usually get a side salad with it because their side salads are bigger and fresher than most places and they home-made ranch dressing is also among the best you'll ever have anywhere.I also recommend the catfish fingers appetizer.
4	Got the Feast for 2. Very good! The hot link was awesome, the St. Louis ribs were also good! I would like to try more of the menu! Service was great, nice atmosphere.
4	I always enjoy the all American Platter. Sib, chicken, brisket, corn, cornbread and 2 sides! mmmm, Texas Pit BBQ sauce!
4	We actually first came here 4 years ago and really enjoyed it, but I didn't have a YelpApp.  So, does the place still stack up, after a 4-year wait?Absolutely!I'll write about what we got today.The Kraft Mac & Cheese kid's meal with fries and lemonade fit a kid's tastes and was priced reasonably.The Rib Tips were outstanding and a generous quantity was served. The dry rub was so good I was in serious conflict over whether to dip them in any sauce.  Of course, that's a dilemma too, because all 5 sauces are very good.The sides were done well: creamy fresh coleslaw with a bit of zing, nice BBQ beans, warm cornbread muffin and BBQ potato chips. Lemonade was icy cold.Host was very nice and the server efficient.Nice job!!
4	Really good food. Had the baby back ribs and they were great. Smoked to perfection, moist, tender and nice bark. Several sauces to choose from, I dump em on the frys. Tasty coleslaw good service. I would go again.
2	I am so disappointed...First they have no turkey?I ordered a beef brisket sandwich but they have no whole wheat buns?I ordered the green beans and they were tasteless and cold.The sandwich was good.The ice tea was terrible and came out of a machine for gods sake?
5	I hated BBQ my entire life (its un-american, I know). Seriously though. Couldn't stand the taste of burnt ketchup. My Birthday had come around and my genius boyfriend of 3 years opts to take me out to Famous Daves (and I thought he would be wasting his time and money). I gave the BBQ pork "1 last go" before I gave up on BBQ forever, and unbinoxed to me I LOVED IT!! Now I'm "BBQ addicted". We have gone at least 5x the last couple of months. They're so darn good I changed my life-long mind. How bout that? p:
5	A quality BBQ spot. It is tough for me to give 5 stars (especially since its a wide spread chain) but this has the whole package.-Great meats, haven't had one that is not good (especially the burnt ends, rib tips, ribs and brisket)-Great sides (Fries are awesome, cornbread is great, beans and green beans are tasty)-Yummy BBQ sauces (Devil spit is the best, Georgia mustard is also a must) and a wide variety of them. I buy them in the store as well.-Decent pricing, especially if you share a feastKind of a outdoor picnic feel but don't have to share table with a bunch of other people, it more the traditional waiter type restaurant.
5	I love this place! Amazing food, awesome, fast and friendly service! They were so good even tho we came an hour before closing. Definitely the best:):) we ordered the feast for two and it was way more than enough, and we have healthy appetites!
4	Good lunch deals, reasonable prices. The St Louis ribs are my fave by far. Many side order options, and they're all good in my experience. Not a big fan of the brisket here, which is surprising as I'd expect better. The hot links, one of the lunch options, are outstanding.
3	Hit Famous Dave's last night with the wife, a couple of the daughters, and a couple of their friends.  Even though we had a variety of people who would eat this, but not that. Everyone was able to find something they found interesting.Famous Dave's, especially for a large chain, is always solid.  The baby backs were a little scrawny but well smoked.  The brisket was similarly cut from a slab a bit smaller than I would use to smoke myself, but again tender and flavorful.  Even the smoked chicken salad and cedar plank salmon was well done.True there is better BBQ in town (Bootleggers, Black Mountain), but Famous Dave's may be the best large BBQ chain in the country.Well worth it.
5	Every time I come here, I leave extremely full and satisfied.The decor is very fun with pigs and jokes everywhere. The service is friendly and efficient.I tend to have the meat baskets, but this time I tried Dave's Favorite burger. It has bacon, jack cheese, Rich and Sassy sauce, and the regular burger toppings. I put a little Texas Pit sauce on top, and it was extraordinary!They offer a lot of different meats, sides, and sauces, so there are tons of combinations that you can try. Portion size is generous.I will be back again for sure.
1	Ok I first want to say yes. Their food is delicious and I have eaten here several times. The sad thing is this. Today my family and I went here for lunch. At the end of our meal my twin.brother who just got home.from his recent deployment in Afghanistan asked the waiter if they had a military discount, the waiter said yea but I don't.know.if it's viable.today?  He proceeded.to get the manager who then came.to our table.to tell us how his son is going to Kuwait and blah blah and then tells us that he is unable to provide the.military discount because it's not.Monday. I'm.sorry but my brother is here on leave and leaves tomorrow and you can't honor the military discount for this man who fought.for your freedom?  Because.it's.not.Monday?  My.twin.brother was so.offended he walked.out and.his wife.told.the manager we will no longer be doing.business with you. To top it off My father and grandfather who are also veterans where.with us. I am.so offended that this all American restaurant can't.honor a military discount.on.any day but.Monday. that is ridiculous.
5	Several sauces to choose from. I ordered the baby back ribs. Very tender and full of flavor. Wish we had one in Louisiana.
5	Enjoyed a fun UYE here today in the company of Georgie M. Robyn N. and Mike C. and for me this visit was just great!  Service from Eric was excellent and what a delicious Combo Lunch Special I enjoyed, of tender, tasty Beef Brisket, TERRIFIC St. Louis Style Spareribs, delicious Wilbur Beans, a corn muffin, and homestyle seasoned potato chips.  All the different sauces you get to choose from add to the fun too.Along with everything else, the excellent value pricing here (only $9.29!) makes it an easy 5 Stars from me this time...  Just love this place, "Little Miss BBQ" notwithstanding!     :-))
2	Decided to try Dave's again and was really disappointed. We each got a baby back rib combo, one with roast chicken and one with brisket. The brisket was very good, the chicken was good but the baby backs were terrible. Not only were they tough, just about burnt and over done, they had their spicy hot sauce on them. $47 dollars later and most likely our last time ordering from Dave's!!!
4	Went here for lunch on a week day with my co-workers for a team lunch. I was really looking forward to this places and I love BBQ. When I first walk in you can really tell its a BBQ restaurant. Very county looking with cartoon pigs. Seems very inviting. They start you off with a bowl of bbq chips. Seemed like these were homemade cause each one was different shapes and sizes. Pretty good I must say. I had the lunch special brisket sandwich with a side of Mac and Cheese. They pile on a good portion of brisket and looked really good. They have so many different BBQ sauces at the table. I tried the Sweet & something (forgot the name) sauce. So I dumped a lot of sauce on it. Wasn't sure why but then realized the brisket looked a little too dry. I thought the brisket sandwich was okay. Not great. Could have been better  but good. The Mac & Cheese was okay. It had Jalapenos and corn in it. Nice little kick but not a lot of taste. Little disappointed cause I was expecting a little more from a bbq place. The service was really good. Welcomed us quickly and got our drinks out fairly quickly. We got our food pretty quickly for being a big party. They also cleaned off our dirty plates in a timely manner. So service was friendly and efficient. So overall, I thought the food was okay. I've tasted better. I thought Rudy's brisket is moister but I did like the choices of BBQ sauces. Loved their service. So if I had a craving for bbq would I come back. Maybe. It wouldn't be a bad choice but I would probably pick Rudy's over Dave's. Just a personal taste. Personal choice. If you do come here. Enjoy.
5	its been 1 year since I had FAMOUS DAVE'S but after going this past Friday(10/3/14) , its been way too long. the food was extremely excellent, as well as the prompt and courteous service. FAMOUS DAVE'S have brought the notch up by a few 1,000,000 points. THANK YOU FOR COMMING TO ARIZONA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	My family and I just ate dinner here. It was my second time (hardly remember my first time was in Vegas) for my family was their first food trip here.Our appetizers were the Nachos & Onion Strings. And for the main course - We ordered the dinner for two. It had chicken, cole slaw, spare ribs, beans, corn bread, sauce and fries.The waitress gave us chips to munch on while waiting for our appetizers. It was good!The apps came 15 mins later (which we got full) because our main course meal came in 40 mins later. Everything was good, but waiting and getting full because of the apps, we could have gotten our food and not waiting on it. It was not that busy.But the waitress gave me a refill of Dr. Pepper without me asking and she was really helpful coming back to ask how we were doing.We had dessert, the brownie! It was a big portion, so shareable (if you'd share because my sisters didn't want to share lol). It was ok not that sweet (I like it sweet though).
4	Pretty good for being a chain BBQ place.  Aside from it getting pretty busy (which I guess is a good thing) I have never had a bad experience.  The service is always great, very friendly and helpful.   The bbq is also excellent.  I love everything from the rib tips to the wings.  The brisket can be a little dry at times so just a heads up.  I usually always get the pulled pork and some spare ribs. Love the corn bread muffins.  Also if you like a good spicy BBQ sauce. Try mixing the Devils Spit with the Texas Pit.. Definitely a must for me when I go here. I also love that they are still one of the few places that give Vets a free meal on Veterans Day.  Give to the community and the community returns in kind.  Can't say that about many chain restaurants.
2	Famous Dave's is a typical corporate barbecue place - heavy on the barbecue sauce to cover up the otherwise tasteless selection of meats. On the plus side, the bar is nice and well stocked, but I wouldn't suggest going for the food.
5	On the work lunch rotation for sure. Funny thing. You can name any of the OTHER places on our lunch rotation and if I'm in a MOOD, I might just say bugger off, I ain't going. Call yo momma if you wanna cry about it but I don't care. Mention Famous Dave's and it's like Ali Baba shouting out Open Sesame! All of a sudden my mood changes and I am so THERE! Mind you this is even if I'd just been here earlier in the week. I'm a sucker for BBQ. That ain't no lie. No go dickie die! So I've lost count how many times I've been here. Sure, count my check-ins but I forgot how many times I didn't even BOTHER checking in. So anyway, we always come in big numbers. Well, no less than 5 usually. We know the drill, corporate video trains the servers to make a stupid happy face on the little plate with the sauces for us to dip the potato chips in. One of us usually hides the plate to prevent that from happening. LOL. I usually get the St. Louis Spare Ribs. That's right. Pork ribs. I am male, hear me roar. Arrrrr!!!!!!! Beef ribs are for metrosexuals and grade schoolers. PORK. RIBS. The Jews and Muslims knew what they were doing keeping their folks away from the Devil's meat. PORK. RIBS. The Devil's fingers we call em'. Every bite gets us one step closer to artery clogging hell. But you gotta live sometime, right? So anyways, this is a great place to do it. A religious shrine to pork. If there's any BBQ chain that's doing it right it's Dave's. Right off that street that circles around Chandler Fashion Center - Dave's has its own lot with plenty of parking. As long as the spirit is willing and the pig flesh is tasty I'll be coming back here again and again.
