2	Been to a number of Jack Astor;s before.  Great experiences good food, reasonable prices. Took the family include grandkids. Service was normal, perky waitress tell us her name takes orders disappears. Food handlers deliver food. I ordered beef fajitas. I hear sizzling plate but onions and beef must have been sitting as they were lukewarm.  Guacamole looks dried out and dull like a green mashed potato No one asked us if our meals were good. On the way out sought to get a comment card, Fellow at front desk appeared too busy chatting up hostess and inattentive. Looked at us like we were from another planet. Looks like the kids were running the show without adult supervision.  No asking if we were happy with our meal. Very unlike other Jack Astor's including this one which we have visited before.
5	I have always been a big fan of Jack Astors and their whole silly sports bar vibe and  I have always really loved their bruschetta but Wednesday night I had a particularly good experience at my local Jack Astors. We came in after a long night of Christmas shopping and we decided to sit in the bar area, our waiter was also the bartender but he was still very prompt serving us. He was funny and he did some entertaining tricks with our glasses before he got our drinks. We had as always the bruschetta (which i highly recommend) with wings and a clubhouse sandwich with fries and gravy. Given these meals are not very challengnig to make everything was still delicious. As we were waiting on our main courses someone, I assume was the manger/owner came over and greeted us and offered us more drinks. Also as we were leaving he came over and thanked us for our business and wished us a good night. I am used to this kind of service in a higher end restaurant and I've even come to expect it in a more formal place but to be treated that way at Jack Astors surpassed  all my expectations. I would highly recommend this Jack Astors not only for the food but for the dining experience as a whole. Although the location is a little inconvenient  for me  I will be returning as soon as possible.
1	Closed in Kitchener
