5	For those who have read my reviews. I did my review on Mariana when she was at Cutting Image Salon on E. Woodlawn awhile back.. But starting today, Mariana FINALLY went on her own. My view haven't change on how I feel about Mariana as a stylist.. She's on point with my haircuts. Never disappoint. She been cutting my hair for 3 years now. I'm alway happy after every visits. I know she have went to NYC for razor cutting class. Few more cutting classes at Loreal Academy. She's now a Loreal expert and that's the products they used at Loo Loo'sToday she shaved my side again.. Also got the balayage highlights again. I'm not really sure what that is but have 10 weeks of not getting it done. People still like my highlights. All thinks I just got it done. Liz whose the other half of Loo Loo's is a certified Loreal Educator and took the same classes as Mariana. These ladies are good at what they do. They take pride in their works and willing to educate themselves to bring clients the best new techniques and the current trends. I will posted some of my hair from when Mariana did it at Cutting Image so you can judge for yourself.
5	If you are looking for the perfect hair salon, Loo Loo's is it!  Liz and Mariana have opened their own salon and they both have years of experience.  They are bothextremely gifted stylists.  They are very attentive to your individual needs and requests while also offering their unique expertise in all areas of hair care.  Liz has been cutting, coloring and styling my hair for years and I am always thrilled with the results.  I always look forward to my appointment because I know I will have funwhile I'm there and my hair will look great when I leave.  The prices are very reasonable although you will look like you paid much more. Loo Loo's is awesome!Try it, I promise you'll like it!!
5	Liz is the best!!  I have been searching for years for someone who can cut and color my hair and be so consistently great. On top of it she's super sweet as is Marianna her co-worker. I HIGHLY recommend them.
5	Found my favorite stylists again - Mariana and Liz!Was very loyal to Mariana whilst she was at Cutting Image.But I am much more loyal to a great stylist who can make sense of my very difficult thin and fine hair than I am to a certain salon.So I've tracked them down and will now happily patronize their new venture in Atherton Mills not far from Big Ben's and IceHouse.Best of luck to both of you with your new business!
5	I've been going to Liz for haircuts for a couple of years now. I'm so excited she's finally has her own place with such a wonderful partner!I found Liz while I was in the middle of a hair crisis from another stylist (dye job gone bad). She fixed me up and made me presentable once again. I wasn't living in Charlotte at the time so I ended up getting my hair cut by someone else (BIG MISTAKE) and a couple months later was knocking on Liz's door once again. This time someone had cut a huge chunk out of one side of my hair in a poorly conceived attempt at bangs. Liz sat me down in front of the mirror, started playing with my hair, and immediately asked, "So what happened here?" I LOVED that. She's very straightforward and real with you. She then did an awesome job of blending the chunk of hair into some new layers and over the next year or so helped me grow them back out non-awkwardly. At that point I decided she would be worth the drive and ended up commuting from Chapel Hill to Charlotte for my haircuts. I know it sounds crazy but she's THAT good (and Charlotte is a pretty fun place to visit too). Their new place in the Atherton Mills shopping area is super cute. It's right near Icehouse on South Blvd. While looking at the front of the building that faces the road, walk around the building a bit to the right and go in the side entrance. Their salon is directly inside. One more thing - I have always been told I have VERY difficult hair to cut. It's really thick and has strange cowlicks and whatnot. Liz thins it out just right and tapers the edges so I don't have a mop on my head. She is ridiculously good at what she does and will go back and change things up if you're not satisfied. The End.
5	I absolutely LOVE Loo Loo's Hairsalon.  I Elizabeth is the best stylist.  She listens to what it is that you want and works her magic.  I went to her a few years ago with a train wreck color job from another salon not only did she exceed my expectations I haven't gone anywhere since.  I would highly recommend this salon.  You won't regret it!!
5	Love love love!  Best haircut hands down. Mariana is awesome and she won't do you wrong.  I have thick thick hair and she tames it.  She is very talented and such a sweetheart.  I have been a client for 3+ years and I am thrilled that she has opened her own place.  I found her at Cutting Image Salon and will follow her anywhere.   I highly recommend her for both women or men.  And definitely try her magic with color.  She is an artist.  Can't say enough how happy I am to have a hair stylist this good in Charlotte.
5	Liz has been doing an amazing job with my tight curls for a couple of years. Not many people really know how to cut curly hair, so that is something special. And this endorsement is coming from somebody who's experienced the premier curl salons in the U.S. (I went to both the Oiudad and Deva salons when I lived in NYC). Marianna, who is the only other stylist in this cute space, also does a fantastic job cutting and balayage highlighting my partner's wavy hair. Their new space is stylish and cozy. Always a pleasure to visit!
5	Liz has been cutting my hair for over a year now and I am always pleased with the results. She takes the time to understand what I am looking for and gives her professional opinion about my cut and color. I don't live anywhere near this salon but it is worth the drive!Just a side note- In the past, I had always experienced stylists either gossiping with each other or complaining about stuff when I'm getting my hair done. I have NEVER experienced this with Liz at this salon or when she was at Cutting Image. It is nice to just get your hair done and be able to relax with Liz.
5	So, Liz. Liz is amazing. Not only because she has created fantastic looks with my hair, but because she is so flexible and accommodating. I met her after I had a "hair disaster" at another location. I was new to town, and desperately wanted to have my hair fixed. She saved the day. Liz always finds a way to squeeze me in when I have a last minute emergency (even if that means no blow dry), she's open to trying new things - she even cut and dyed a human hair piece I purchased! And quite well I may add. I brought my mother and she also did wonders with her hair.Conversation with these two ladies is always enjoyable and comes quite easy. They do what they can to make you comfortable and take their time when needed. They both keep up on their education and go to training courses in NYC, etc. fairly often. I've been going to her for about 2 years now and recommend her to everyone.
5	6 weeks ago Liz did a keratin treatment on my hair. My hair has never looked so good in my life! It's shiny, not frizzy, and the uncontrollable and unpredictable waves have been managed.  I'm hooked!
5	I've been going to Liz for over four years and she is amazing! I never worry how my hair will look in the end as she makes it look wonderful every time! Liz is not only a talented stylist, she's a great person too. One piece if advice, get on her schedule or you may not get an appointment soon. She stays very busy so after you get in the first time, don't leave without making your next appointment.
