5	This Chiropractic office is the best that Henderson, NV has to offer.  Dr. Ormand is a great Chiropractor!
5	Dr. John Ormond and his staff are amazing.  The center is beautiful and clean you really feel relaxed there.  I'll drive all the way from the other side of town because service is so great.
5	Fourteen years ago, when I lived in Southern California, I slipped in the tub and hurt my back BAD! It took me over a year meeting with a Chiropractor 10 times per week before I was really able to walk again, and almost 18 months of intensive Chiropractic work before I was able to live a life without constant pain. Six years later, and living in Las Vegas, the pain came back. A combination of my weight and sitting in front of a computer for 15 hours a day had taken its toll, and I was back to walking with a cane because the pain was so intense. That's when I met Dr. John, and I am grateful that I did. Within 3 months of therapy, I regained my full range of motion, and within 9 months, I was completely pain free. Dr. John knows his business and can absolutely help you feel better. In addition to the physical remedy he provides, a visit to his clinic is sure to life your spirits. Dr. John is energetic, fun, and incredibly motivational. His "can do" attitude is contagious, and I've never left a meeting with him without feeling like I can tackle the world. In the 6 years I've known him, Dr John has become much more than a doctor, and I am proud to be able to call him my friend. Whether you are considering Chiropractic because of an injury, or because you are looking to feel better, Dr. John is one of a kind. Do yourself a favor and give him a call
5	LIFE SAVER! - Normally what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, but this one I will leak out to you.  Went with the wife to enjoy a week of uninterrupted fun and relaxation.  Ended up lifting a bag wrong when I took it out of the car.  I think I twisted something that wasnt meant to be twisted.  By the second day my neck would barely turn, and the pain was prohibiting any activity.  Went to see Dr. Ormand without an appointment.  After the paperwork was done, I went in, he examined me, did something (I'm thinking it was some kind of magic/mystical secret) to my neck and back, and then had me iced down.  I walked out of there a new man!  Cant thank Doc Ormand and his staff enough.  If I lived closer, I would see him regularly.
5	I have known Dr. John Ormand for now for about 4 years.  To say he is passionate about helping people would be an understatement.  I was first treated by Dr. Ormand after a automobile accident.  Initially I did not think I had been injured, but instead thought I had just been jarred and was a bit sore.  Four days after the accident I was virtually unable to walk, and thought I was going to have to go to the Emergency Room of the hospital.  I immediately contacted Dr. Ormand and began treatment.  In a few short visits he had me walking without pain.  He is without a doubt the best chiropractor I've ever had work on me.  He is thorough, thoughtful, diligent, and incredibly passionate about helping people.  Dr. John is not only professional, but incredibly caring.  If you, or a loved one have been injured in an accident, or if you are the type of person who understands the incredible benefits of having regular spinal adjustments, then you should be seeing Dr. John Ormand!
