1	The one redeeming thing Eye Masters in Goodyear did for me was they got me in. I called to make an appointment, and got in that day. Everything else was downhill from there. I had to bring my twin boys (age 6) to my appointment - I know, not ideal, but what was I to do? I had them all set up with their Leapster systems and plenty of games to keep them occupied. They were in the room with me, and as soon as the optometrist entered the room, he was PISSY. He wanted the kids to turn off the games, which was the only thing keeping them from getting into who knows what kind of trouble. Um, do you WANT my money? I'm sure I can find one or two or 20 other cheap-o vision centers around the West Valley who won't mind the "blippity-bleep" of my kids' education gaming system. So, my kids had to turn the games off, and then they were very curious about what this man was doing to their mom. So, they stood up, not getting near me, but stood up to see and he barked "sit down in the chairs!" I'm going to guess he doesn't have kids ... and I shudder to think what he would do with a child patient. He finishes my exam - I need reading glasses - and I go check out.. While I'm checking out, he flips out at the clerk because she tells him he has another patient (sitting RIGHT THERE WAITING) and he barks, "I'm walking out this door at 5:30!" Yeah, we won't be returning ... P.S. This is kind of gross, so I'm sorry. It's so juvenile, but it brought me a little bit of joy ... Before we left, one of my kids had to use the restroom. Well, he didn't just go - he REALLY stunk up the joint. Normally I would have been a bit embarrassed, but I was like, "Take that Dr. Rudey-Ruderson!"
5	I had a different doctor than the other reviewer, who had a bad experience. I saw Susie Gill, O.D. and absolutely loved her. She was knowledgeable, friendly, efficient, and caring. I went for an eye exam because my prescription had expired. I spent about 5 minutes in the waiting room completing paperwork, the assistant performed a few tests, and then the doctor saw me right away. I was there for less than hour, but also did not feel rushed. Dr. Gill was more than happy to answer any of my questions. I found my new optometrist.
