5	Amazing doctor! My surgery was absolutely flawless and recovery has been a breeze because of Dr. Nachbar. After meeting him I was so comfortable with him that I scheduled surgery for a week later. He is very professional and I never felt uncomfortable at all around him. I have and will recommend him to anyone.  He really cares about his patients and is very realistic about the results of any surgery.  His staff never pushes you to schedule surgery and is very friendly. No need to look for any other surgeon, Dr. Nachbar is the best.
1	I had a lower blepharoplasty (eye lift) by Dr. Nachbar in September 2003. This procedure left me needing reconstructive surgery costing additional thousands of dollars. My eyes will always have Dr. Nachbar's mark on them. Some of the damage is not fixable.The results of my surgery left both eyes with incisions that were placed  low and not in a natural laugh line. To make things worse, the left eye incision curved down from the corner of the eye, extended out to about 3/4 of an inch and ended with a divit. This divit was created when the stitches were painfully pulled out. The incision scarring healed horribly and widened out leaving me with an indentation and redness to this day. The left eye was also left with a pucker from improper draping of the skin. A  piece of fat was left behind under the right eye which gave me the appearance of a big bump under that eye. Both eyes were hollowed out and rounded out leaving me with a completely different eye shape. My eyes had continual pressure, pain, irritation, and itching for 3 years after the procedure.I communicated my concerns to a Sharon Brown on staff by e-mail and phone. She was completely unhelpful. I requested my money back and never received it.I am not a person who easily dispenses bad reviews. If I could give zero stars I would. I truly regret every day that I chose Dr. Nachbar as my surgeon. I hope this review helps you in your choice.
5	Dr Nachbar liposuctioned a lipoma on my back. My general physician had suggested surgery to remove it but Dr. Nachbar said he could give me good results without surgery.  It worked beautifully.  I have also had fillers injected by Dr. Nachbar and have been very pleased with the results.
