3	If you're over fifty then this is the place for you.  If you're over sixty then you'll be in heaven.I was here tonight and enjoyed a couple of glasses of wine and catching up with friends.  The circular bar is great and the front patio is pretty nice as well.
1	Some co-workers were going here for lunch and since I had a meeting I asked if they would pick me up a salad and bring it back. Having dined with them many times before they knew I would probably like the Strawberry Dividend with Chicken. Unfortunately, they didn't think to look at my order when they were leaving. But when they got back to the office I was rather disappointed to see a pile of lettuce that could fit in the palm of my hand (I'm a small woman), four slices of strawberries and half of a mini croissant. Mind you this is a $13 salad. None of the other stuff that their online menu says it should have, almonds, chicken (the protein ya know), etc.So mistakes happen right? I call the restaurant to see if they would fix the order and I'm told no. But next time I come in they'll comp me a salad. Ya, there won't be a next time. Every successful restaurant manager knows you don't always get a next time. Hopefully, the managers at DSR know this now too and they have alot of competition in this area that serves far superior food.BTW, the mini salad tasted terrible too. Heading the vending machine in the break room now.
2	Went for the first time not knowing it was their "Grand Opening".  The food was OK, not good not bad.  Had a small caesar salad which was fresh but nothing note worthy or unique about it.  Also had a cheeseburger which I ordered medium.  The burger again was nothing special.  The cheese looked like it was a slice of kraft pre sliced singles and the burger came well done.   Service was only OK but I'll at least give the waitress the benefit of the doubt because it was packed.  I'll give it another try at lunch when it's slower and make me decision then.On a side note this is definitely the New Cougar Den is Scottsdale.  If you're into old men with cheesy Tommy Bahama shirts with sandals and cougars who have tried to fit into their granddaughter's mini skirts, then this is the place for you.  All I can say is WOW on the people watching!
4	Burger (sans bun) was cooked perfectly. Drinks were strong. Music good!
4	I had the Strawberry Dividend with Chicken (salad) and Chicken Fingers.  The salad was huge with good strips of chicken in it.  The chicken fingers were the best I've had in a while.   I'm glad this place opened near my office as it gives me another good lunch spot.
4	OK, Stopped by to meet friends on Opening Night on a Thursday and it was jam packed!.......Was able to secure a table outside and was pleasantly surprised how well the misters worked in keeping in wonderfully cool outside at 6:00 pm......Enough TV's outside with background speakers for the NBA Finals.........food was promo priced and very, very good........highly recommend the lightly battered zuchini, burgers and pork sandwiches were also top notch.......the main bar can be walked around in its entirety and is ably staffed, although the satellite bar in the back is poorly positioned and equally poorly stocked.....so don't expect anything beyond the most common drinks back there.......or if you like Iced Tea Vodka you need to look elsewhere so far...........Very nice, polite staff......Will return.........Plenty of Parking and enough outside seating that you can wander and have a good time all over the place.  Went back again on Friday and the live music was entertaining enough and the mixed-aged crowd was very interesting!!!!......LADIES, be VERY weary of the elderly, grey haired, sandel-clad men that had NO PROBLEM walking up to seemingly left-behind or nearly empty glasses and then putting their straw in them to "finish" whatever was left in the glass!!!......We watched these 2 oldtimers do that all around the bar.....quite hysterical really.......but it is what it is in that part of North Scottsdale......
1	Not impressed. It's sad to see that a business owner sank a bunch of cash into a place, building a fabulous patio and large screen TVs all over the place... but the food was terrible. Hummus gross, veggies dry, burger bun ruined the burger... our waitress even failed to ask how the food was, but she was very nice. The other comments on Cougar Den are hilarious.... now that I think about it, my friend and I were totally the only people there under 30 besides the staff. All in all - the food was the #1 reason I'll never be back. Shame, nice place and good location, too.
1	Wow. Bad.  Didn't even stay and order.  So excited for them to open and so totally disappointed in the interior and the menu. Ugh.  Hey people, this is North Scottsdale, not a college campus.
4	Reminds me of the old Downside.  Randy the owner came over and introduced himself.  Saw people I remembered from the old Downside about 10 years ago.  Didn't eat the food.  I prefer the traditional bar food they used to have.  $5 for a good glass of wine worked for me.  I introduced 6 other ladies to the bar.  We'll all be back on Thursday night.
2	I had high expectations but am disappointed.  Here's why:- prices are a buck or two more than they should be- seating is really cramped insidePro's- the cooking IS good, so there is that- patio looks like it will be good once the temps breakReally wish I could have give better marks.   I will come back and hang in there in a month or two and see how things are.
2	A ton of people I know demanded that I check this locals spot out and as the location is pretty OK, I gathered up her royal highness to check it out.The place wasn't extremely busy as we made a point of getting in early, but it certainly filled up in a hurry a bit closer to happy hour.First thing that hit me (rolled me over actually) was an over whelming smell of sewer gas !!!I trust that was a one time thing so I won't pin these guys to ground just yet.We did not dine so no comment on food.Service was OK, neither great nor poor but I thought the pour was a bit short.Lots of older people .... In fact, the place filled with the older set but the joint was jumping and certainly there was no dance of the living dead going on here.Might go back, might not .....  Stayed tuned for another review.
4	Downside is a great place to hang, have a drink and get some good food.  It's a neighborhood bar atmosphere that has a varied menu that is excellent in taste.  Also a good place on weekends to catch some sports.  Several TVs so no lack of ability to have a good view of a  tv.  Staff is friendly, beers are cold and food is really good.  If you want a place to hang with friends and watch some sports, Downside is a solid choice.  I'll be spending time there on a regular basis
2	I was really looking forward to checking this place out. I noticed the last time I was in the area, that construction was going on, so I decided to stop by once I saw it was open.  It was in the early evening, and it was fairly busy.  I sat at the bar, since I primarily wanted to see what the menu was like, and to have a drink.  My initial impression was dampened by the fact that they had no beers on tap, and the bartender was far from friendly.  He just did not have any social skills.   Looking at the menu, there was nothing that seemed to stand out. I was disappointed in the interior - but the patio was really nice.  There was nobody using it, but it was spacious and looked like it would be very nice when the weather cooled.  Plenty of TV's and the service seemed prompt.After having my drink, and doing some people watching, I decided to leave. I have the same feeling of some of the other reviewers. Although the crowd was somewhat mixed, it was primarily older people (and yes, I am  one of the people over 60).  But since I am not one of the old men that steals drinks, or interested in cougars, I found little to recommend here.
4	Went for lunch.  Menu has lots of variety and isn't overwhelmingly large.  Patio seating was very nice.  Our server was friendly and attentive, service was quick.  Ordered the beef brisket sandwich with sweet potato fries - food was really good!  Will definitely go back and try again.
2	Cougarville, meow ... The restaurant itself seems pretty cool, with a super huge patio. But our server left much to be desired...  I wouldn't willingly go there again.
4	Well...I felt obligated to write this review because of all the negative stuff written. Based on the reviews, I would not have come here to eat but I was part of a group of 6 and was not involved in the decision making. First of all, let me say that there is absolutely nothing wrong with this place. As a matter of fact it is what it is. A bar with bar food. As for the bar that is a very nice plus and the outside patio is absolutely awesome. The food is just fine for a bar. At the suggestion of another reviewer, I chose the brisket sandwich and it was just about the most tender and fat free brisket I have ever had. Everyone else had something different and there were absolutely no complaints...only compliments! The fish tacos, hamburger, salmon sandwich and whatever else we had was fine. The water glasses were kept full and the staff was attentive and friendly. Food came out promptly. The place was clean. Everything was right on the money and I will definitely be back and recommend this place anyone who wants a nice bar and good bar food. I cannot comment as to whether this is the place to hang out and meet someone. As for the age reference of the patrons. They were of all ages. I think these people who wrote those negative reviews should be objective and not as subjective.
4	One of favorite afterwork watering holes, The Downside Risk is a cool place to grab an ice cold Beer.  The owner walks around and greets everyone to make sure that all is well...who does that anymore?The best thing about this place is the frozen Beer mugs they use.  It keeps your Beer very cold.It can get very crowded for happy hour, so I suggest getting there early.Return Factor - 89%
4	When you think of a bar, this is it. It's old-school classy, intimate, clean and stocked. The friendly bartender and servers talk with friendly regulars who talk with anyone, well-dressed people unwind after work, old friends catch up, couples canoodle. A client staying in McCormick Ranch told me about Downside Risk and I put it on my list to check out eventually. I figured it would be a good meet-in-the-middle spot when I was meeting a friend coming from Old Town, so we checked it out. At 7ish on a weeknight, the bar stools were mostly taken, a few tables had guests and there seemed to be some sort of event going on in their private room. The large patio looks great with lots of casual seating and firepits. The bathrooms were clean and cutely decorated with the money scheme.In our 20s, my friend and I were by far the youngest people in the place, but we didn't mind and the regulars didn't seem to either. At about 9:30, we were told the kitchen was closing and by 10, most everyone had cleared out and the staff was cleaning up. Not exactly their posted hours, but with no customers, I don't blame them. If I lived closer, DR would be my MacLaren's...a reference that I'm sure is lost on the majority of the clientele...Cheers? Regal Beagle?
3	Not too shabby, but in typical Gainey Ranch/McCormick Ranch fashion, everyone in here is old, driving a big blue Buick and about to die.Food is decent.  Service wasn't too bad either.  I would call it above average bar food.
5	Downside Risk has quickly become our go-to place for Friday night happy hour (and an occasional Sat or Sun pop-in). The atmosphere is fun and lively. Being in our 30's and 40's (I'm the one in my 30's for the record) - we love it. There is a decent mix of younger/older patrons, but everyone is super friendly. The staff is attentive, happy and pour a pretty awesome drink! Of all the bars/restos in the McCormick/Gainey area - this place is tops! Check it out!
4	We enjoyed a really relaxing Saturday afternoon on the patio at Downside Risk!  Great service, friendly patrons (human and canine), and great drinks!  We'll definitely be back again!
4	I had a great time here, food was very good, service was prompt and friendly. I will be back. Atmosphere was very lively and upbeat. I didn't get the feeling this was an overly old crowd.
1	Surprised by all the positive reviews as of late....tried it again, but the same.Patio looks nice, but your sitting on all that traffic from Doubletree - should be more enclosed. Food OK as long as you order simple items.Happy hour is cheap ($1 off - who cares)
3	been here twice for drinks. The outside area is very pretty and great for lounging around with friends. Inside is dark sports bar feeling with older folks (which is good!).  Think they are pricey for the drinks ($15 for a glass of wine!!)  they offer (happy hour is only a $1 off a drink) so will not go back.  If I am going to spend this much for a cocktail or food, Id rather go to Jade Bar, Citizens,  The Mint, for example.  Too many other cool bars around with nice atmosphere and better drink specials.
3	I'm surprised patrons' ages play so much into the reviews of this place.  I judge a restaurant on the quality of its food and service.  With that said, it was worthy of no more than 3 stars. Stopped in for lunch and it was far from busy.  The service was not particularly fast but the waitress was friendly and attentive.  They have a nice selection of salads.  The half portion of the pear salad was plenty.  My co-worker got a full-size portion of another salad and was stuffed by the end of the meal.  The quality of both salads was great.  I agree with other reviewers that the prices are a little steep for what you get.  If the weather permits, take advantage of the ultra cool patio.
5	After driving past here hundreds of times and thinking "what a clever name", I finally enjoyed an evening at Downside Risk. I came in with a former bartender and we were treated like royalty. The food is excellent and the service was great. I love the glasses which caused my Rockie Mountain water to exhibit a small glacier. I look forward to going back and trying more menu items.
2	It is a great spot for lunch if you want to spend a little more. This place is a bit lame in the evenings though.
5	Loved it can't wait to go back! Had the full course meal, please get the Cajun shrimp appetizer, the Cajun sauce is amazing I wanted to put it on everything! I got the Cuban pork sandwich accompanied by the downside green beans and it is by far one of the best meals I have ever had in Scottsdale. The service was wonderful she was always checking on us and even brought me a side of BBQ sauce without asking for my sandwich. It was love at first bite! Ps The drinks are awesome to.
5	I've only been here for lunch a few times but the server has always been awesome and the fish tacos are the BEST I have ever eaten. I take friends from work there to try them and everyone has agreed they are the best they've had.
3	German Car Meat MarketThe food and Beverage are fine here, but go with friends, do not venture in alone.  The bar is full of upper middle aged lechers waiting to pounce on anything in a skirt.  "Hey baby, that's my 911 out there in front"...   If you want to blow smoke up each other's ass the bar is OK for men, but by and large, avoid it.
5	This restaurant has an awesome patio w/ cushy sofas & a couple of fireplaces.  Great place to have some wine & yummy bar food on a cool night!  The menu has a choice of sushi offerings & your basic American bistro/sports bar food.  On a chilly night in October my husband & I enjoyed watching TV, listening to light background music, chilling by the fire & drinking a great Pinot Noir & full-bodied Cab (although Cab selection by the glass is limited).  We had chips & salsa (salsa not very spicy), smoked beef brisket platter (which they smoke to tender perfection on the premises) & a grilled chicken w/ bacon & Swiss cheese sandwich.  Our side selections included creamy coleslaw, fried zucchini w/ creamy ranch & Brew City Beer fries - everything was delicious!  The outdoor patio set-up was perfect - the only thing better was the service.  Our server, Trevor, was so helpful & friendly, always there to bring another round of wine or to fill our water glasses even though he was working the entire outdoor seating area (a moderately busy Tuesday night).  I especially liked how "at home" we felt & how great, casual & fun the place was & Trevor added to the banter w/ guests & was quick to provide delicious suggestions for food choices & special drink options.  We really enjoyed ourselves & will certainly be visiting this great neighborhood bar & grill again soon!  Make sure you look closely for this establishment - it might appear like it's closed, but go ahead & drive into the parking lot - they're open!  They're situated on the north end of the Gainey Ranch Shops shopping plaza next to Gainey Cleaners.  Go see them & stay awhile - you'll love it!
3	We tried this place for happy hour which can have its own kind of downside risk. Walking in the place seemed nice enough. I think this was a stockbroker office with the new use following.  Hostess and waitress were very nice and the waitress kept track of us. Wine was ok and price fair. Happy hour food was not particularly good though I have to admit more than a month later I can't make specific comments. Four of us tried a diverse menu and nobody was happy. Sorry.
5	Brisket was so good. One of us had brisket tacos another had brisket sandwich. They smoke it there and make their own barbque sauce. They do not have a kids menu but we're very accommodating for our daughter. Great service.
2	Usually love this place but service kind of ruined it for meWas there w a group of ten, we are all very low maintenance and from the get go the server was frustrated w us. Wanted to order appetizers as entree, he refused and said he would only take appetizer orders, he was also asked to split checks which was ignored. When he came back I asked him again if we could split checks and he then very condesendingly he said that if he was told at the beginning he would of but now its too late and at this point "I'm not going to begin to find out who is with who and who is on what check". Water was refilled once.Very disappointing considering we are all very easy patrons and we all have really liked this place in the past..Figuring out the bill was a nightmare and I ended paying way more than I should have for what I had eaten.Good food but not sure if ill be back
5	Eaten here before & always had great food & service. Tonight had the Angus burger it was perfect also their signature green beans are very good.Desert was bread pudding also very good. We will continue to dine here. Prices are in line with other restaurants in this area. Ample parking.Decent atmosphere.
4	I live and work in the area so I come here pretty regularly for happy hour. I've always had fast, friendly service and good food. They also have a great patio. I wish they had better drink specials and a better selection of wines on happy hour (it's just $1 off select drinks) but other than that, no complaints. Some of my happy hour appetizer favorites are the hummus, the buffalo chicken sliders, and the chicken satay. Definitely better than your average bar food.
5	What a great gem of north Scottsdale! The owner, Randy, makes his rounds to all the tables and ensures everything is perfect. They have the best strawberry chicken salad with a home made puppy seed dressing. I crave this salad all the time. The service is amazing. All the servers make you feel welcomed and important. I love this place and would recommend it to everyone.
3	(Lyrics - Dire Straits - Money for Nothing)Now look at them golfing that's the way you do itYou eat your sushi at the Downside RiskThat ain't workin' that's the way you do itSushi and drinking at The Downside RiskNow that ain't workin' that's the way you do itLet me Yelp it them rolls ain't dumbMaybe get a goblet with your Stella ArtoisMaybe get a goblet with your beerI like this place!  I didn't expect much as I sat down.  It was like a golfers haven and cowboys wannabes!  My bartender was a good guy attentive and on the ball about what I needed and what I wanted.  They don't come like that anymore!  So I ordered me a Stella and he offered my a super chill goblet.  Boy was it chilled because it created ice in my beer, which in my opinion was awesome and tasty!  My partner and I ordered their sushi; yeah they had sushi!  We ordered the Tuna sashimi & Eel Dragon Roll - I didn't care much for the Eel roll, but the Tuna Sashimi was well plated and tasted perfect!  Who knew a golfing cowboy joint would have such good sashimi; not a downside to this risk at all - wink!  Overall, I would totally recommend this place for a quick bite and definitely a nice cold beer! - Enjoy!
5	Just had a great dinner at "Downside Risk" restaurant at Gainey Ranch on Scottsdale rd. Very pleasant atmosphere. Our waitress did a fantastic job. My burger was very good.my wife's chicken sandwich was also good. They serve up their special green beans which are awesome. We have eaten here before and the food & service is very good. I urge you to try it sometime while looking for a pleasant night out. We will be returning to this restaurant to check out other dishes on their menu.
1	2 sliders on a long huge plate for $8?  Ridiculous!  1 piece of thin meat that covered only 2/3 of slider sized bun...rip off!I won't be back!
1	One word describes this place....COCOON!!I'm 43 and when we went on a Friday for happy hour the average age had to be 70.Had one drink, actually nice pour, then left.Great for much older people, I will see u in 30 years.
4	I'm just down the street from Downside, so it's more of a go-to than something I plan on doing.  The bartenders are always on-top of the game, normally remembering everyone that comes through the door.  Gotta say that the happy hour prices aren't the "happiest", however the food is still pretty decent and always comes out pretty quick.  Like I said, it's more of a last-minute place for me being that I'm less than two miles from there on Via de Ventura however Downside is still a staple in the area where a lot of locals go for a friendly drink or two and a good meal.
5	The service was great. Live music and great food. I had the Downside club and it was phenomenal.
3	This is close to work for me so I have been here a few times to grab lunch with coworkers. It's solid fare, but not necessarily somewhere I would drive to go experience. I really like their barbecue sandwich and their fries are super good. I've also had the Asian salad and it's a very hearty choice that fills me up. Id skip the sushi fare, though.
5	I hosted an event for 35 people a few weeks ago at The Downside Risk and it was the perfect choice.  The owner Randy took great care of us and his staff was awesome.  The food was great and the wine selection by the glass was really impressive.  I would definitely recommend The Downside Risk for a corporate event or a personal party.
5	Great food, great service, great music.  Doesn't get any better than this.  The chili cheese fries were very yummy.  We will definitely go there again!
4	I had a great time at The Downside Risk.  Went there for happy hour after a looooong day at work.  The atmosphere is casual.  Started at the bar where we had the hummus and veggies and fish taco's.  Excellent!  Then we moved outside to the patio which was surprisingly cool and comfortable for June in Phoenix.  The mister systems are on steroids, but don't make it wet or ruin your hair (girls will know what I'm talking about there).  We were able to stretch out on comfy couches and just relax.  Will definitely go back!
4	I've been here many times and it's a great place to have drinks and enjoy some good chow. The set up is very good with a huge bar as the showcase up front. The employees are all very friendly and helpful. Especially Kristen. The food is definitely a step above bar food. I've had a burger which is very good and their club sandwich is one of the best I've ever had. While I haven't been out there myself, the patio is huge and inviting. I just wish they had draught beer- although it's my understanding that's not their fault.
