4	Through the interwebs and Facebooks, we found out that Pure Pizza was going to be testing their oven and dishing out free slices this past Saturday around 11ish am.  We got there at 11 and they made us some pies shortly after we arrived.  The pizza is the artisan type, with all fresh and local ingredients, completely with grainy hearty dough.  This definitely isn't my preferred pizza style, but it had sooo much flavor to it.  The dough was light and airy and the red sauce was very flavorful.  I talked to the owner a little bit and she was very nice, as were her employees.  The place is very small, basically just a kitchen and some tables inside 7th Street Public Market (the old Reid's).  I hope they do okay here because local food is good.  However, there is a pizza place literally yards away serving a similar style of pizza, albeit not local, so I hope they can compete.  The official opening is slated for Wednesday, April 18th.
5	So first let me say the pizza at Pure Pizza was amazing, for starters my wife does not eat mushrooms, she picked up a piece and was saying how wonderful the flavor was and then asked "what is kind is this?"; much to my surprise when I told her it was the mushroom and truffle oil, she continued to eat it! They have done something I have tried for 27 years to accomplish, getting her to even try a mushroom let alone eat one is quite an accomplishment!The other pies were just as good, each flavor was a unique combination that I wish I had thought of! Dough was very good and having the spicy honey to dip or drip on it was simply amazing! The use of local sourced ingredients made a big difference.Should be very convenient or the downtown lunch crowd! I hear they are planning a 30 minute delivery area around downtown, so you Dilworth folks should be able to get some great pizza!
5	Well, I was hoping to be the first, but it seems I've been beaten to the punch - which is AWESOME!  Great food - perfect location to get a new business started.  And the organic wines and NC brewed beers are also delicious.  Join and see that eating healthy can be fun and good for your brain.  Their crust is delicious!  Supported by iFred.org as brain healthy food for your mood.
5	Two of my favorite worlds have combined: ancient grains and locally sourced food and PIZZA!!! Their pizza is out of this world. I have tried about 5 different pies and each was better than the next. The best was one I wasn't sure about: the pulled pork. AMAZING! Welcome to Charlotte, Pure Pizza!!!!!
4	Excellent pizza..best crust in CLT and the organic toppings run both to the traditional (pepperoni, sausage, etc) to the somewhat exotic (truffle oil, smoked salmon). Love both the special sauce (kind of like a spicy, chunky gazpacho) and the pepper-infused local honey to dip the crust in..both nice touches.If I had a rub, it would be the price point. $12 for a 10 inch is a tad steep for where their digs are located (7th St Market) and the amentites provided.  That said, however, in this pizza-starved town of ours, the product really shines.
5	This was my first visit to Pura Pizza. I'm automatically a fan of any pizza place that offers alternative cheese, but I wanted to see how they compared to Brixx and Mellow Mushroom.Sadly on this visit they hadn't found their supplier yet for their alternative cheese. None-the-less I ordered the Chorizo pizza and enjoyed it's various flavors. However I do look forward to trying it again with cheese.My roommate had the Pepperoni Supreme and she loved it. Her favorite part of the red bell peppers which had, we believe, been pickled, so they are reminiscent of banana peppers.One great surprise to end it all was the featured @cloister_honey on the side. Great on the pizza or even just to dip the crust in. All in all a good experience and I look forward to trying it again.-----------------------------------------------------Second visit to Pure Pizza - They now have #diya (alternative/vegan) cheese! I ordered the Chorizo again, so I could try it with the cheese. The chef was incredibly nice and willing to serve. The pizza was made in a great and timely manner. I liked the flavors just as before and the pizza was even good when reheated. I'm excited to try the other menu options!
4	Pizza today is a tale of two cities- the one ordered en masse for speedy consumption by hungry hordes, the other on a smaller scale, as a chance for food artisans to show their chops, for everything from the crust to the mix of toppings showcased on top.  Pure Pizza, with its focus on locally-sourced ingredients, is new to town but quickly showing great promise amongst the artisan crowd.  Tucked into the 7th Street Market, Pure resembles little more than a food vendor at your local indoor mall, in that there is a counter and a series of glass guards separating you from the "kitchen."  A menu board overhead describes the offerings and options available.  Seating is basic and plentiful in the middle of the market.A quick look at the menu reveals a number of different pizzas and salads.  Pizzas come in 3 different sizes and in your choice of 2 different crusts- a basic white and a sprouted wheat/ancient grain.  Salads come in a choice of either a large or a small serving.On my visit, the wife and I opted for a fresh arugula salad with goat cheese and a chorizo pizza on the sprouted wheat crust.  The salad was uber-fresh and bright with flavors.  With a lively lemon vinaigrette, it was like spring in bowl.  One minor quibble- the dressing was so cold the oils were semisolid, so we had to bring that up to temp a bit before pouring it over the salad.The pizza, though, was brought out fresh from the oven and was worth the trip alone.  The crust had a great combination of crackling on the outside combined with a light and chewy interior.  That's no easy task with whole grains, but they have pulled it off well.  Choirzo was spicy and the cheese was a great contrast to it.  My favorite part?  The pepper-infused honey they give you to dip your crust into.  Unqiue and a great contrast to the savoriness of the pie.  Given that ingredients are farm-to-fork, it just adds to the experience to know you are eating seasonal and local foods that support area farmers.  Though we were stuffed, it was not hard to look up at the menu and imagine some of the other pizzas being equally good.  Everything from a classic margarita to a T-rex for the meat lovers sounded very good and will be worth a future visit.  Even breakfast is not out of the question as they have a smaller menu with 3 different pizzas there- each combining a egg on top of a pizza with as assortment of other ingredients.  Sounds tempting to me.Given that Pure is right next to a bakery and with an artisnal coffee shop just across the way, you can get you fill and quench your foodie cravings all in one spot.  Combine that with 2 hour validated parking in uptown and you have a winner.Pure is a welcome addition to the 7th Street Market and they fulfill a unqiue and developing niche in the pizza market.  Not a place to take the family when it's time for a quick dinner out, but a great spot for enjoying locally-sourced food prepared with skill and care.  Pure Pizza is so far pure goodness.
5	My co-worker and I stopped by for lunch today.  We decided to order two pizza and split them.  We ordered the margarita and the chorizo. The former on the classic crust and the latter on the sprouted grain crust.  Two bottles of cane-sugar Cheerwine on the side finished out our order.We found a table and waited not even ten minutes and our first pie was out of the oven and on our table.  The margarita was really terrific.  A nice crust with a little char on top.  The chorizo was just as good.  It was not overly spicy and the sprouted grain crust gave off a mild nutty flavor that I found complimentary.  Maybe not so much for the margarita or the pesto, but it worked on this pie.  We did not get the honey that some other yelpers indicated they received, but we'll be sure to get some next time around.Service was great.  Julie was very pleasant and happy to help.  The kitchen staff was on top of things and they physically would walk the pies out to each table.I will definitely be back!
5	Let me start with a couple of disclaimers - I was born and raised in Naples, Italy (the birthplace of Pizza), I travel extensively (and thus try food all over) so I know what I'm talking about, and last this is not a universal pizza review but it is relative to the category Pure Pizza belongs to (otherwise I would have to take in account price, etc. which it will make it too complicated).When I think of Pizza in the US I can identify three main categories: The traditional American-Style Pizza, Thicker crust, with thick tomatoes sauces, many cooked toppings, garlic and onion in almost every flavor with variations such as thinner crust and different cooking methods (gas, coal, wood fire and electrical), the Chicago-style deep dish pizza, with a thick layer of meat, very thick, rich in toppings, especially cheese, resembling a stuffed pizza and the Neapolitan Style, wood or coal fired pizza, thin crust, oily, typically fresh and sometimes uncooked ingredients (prosciutto, arugula, cherry tomatoes) or the traditional margherita with blended peeled tomatoes and mozzarella or water buffalo mozzarella.Although tastes varies depending sometimes what you are used to eat, where you grew up and so on what I can say about Pure Pizza is that it will satisfy all the categories as their pizza is a wonderful combination of American traditional crust (I'll get to the sprouted crust later) with a perfect mix of farm-fresh ingredients. I tried 4 different ones so far, and from the simplest one, to the topping rich one I was caught by surprise to each Pizza's addicting flavor. I live in an area where there are many pretentious little local Pizza places and Pure Pizza would blow them out of the water and I'm not kidding. Most of the places I've tried either the crust is too thin and cooked in colder oven and thus too crispy, or they have too much garlic and onion (covering all other flavors), or they either have too little toppings or they have too many toppings, or the oven is too hot and thus they are burned on top. Pure Pizza is the perfect combination instead, you will taste the fresh toppings, you will not taste canned food (at least in the 4 I've tried), the crust in not too thick, not too thin, the amount of toppings is just right, the oven is at a temperature that doesn't burn the toppings or makes it crispy on the bottom.Another distinguish factor is that you will get your Pizza in a record time, still sizzling, even if there is a really long line. No cold pizza, no going back to work late. A little suggestion: they do need to hand out numbers to customers that are visible on the table though so that when the pizzas are ready the servers won't have to scream numbers hoping people will remember theirs.Lastly sprouted crust: in my opinion anything but a white crust is a crime, however I was with other people at the table and one of the pizzas was with sprouted crust and they forced me to try it. Well, I was totally and utterly surprised, my main concern is that the sprouted flour tends to be tasteless, but this wasn't the case at all! I even dipped the crust in their fantastic local "spicy" honey! Well done Pure Pizza, I'm looking forward to try all of your other pizza on the menu (I think the pulled pork is next, a little flavor from the south).
5	While checking out the new 7th Street Market, we decided to have lunch there. Pure Pizza it is! The setup is nice; you order & pay at the same place & everything is made right there in plain view. And the choices...you have plenty! They offer several tasty options for specialty pizzas, but you can make your own as well.  They also offer options for salads, but you can make your own, too.We decided to go with the 10" Pepperoni Supreme with the original crust (you can also choose whole wheat crust), which gave us four pieces total - & nice sized four pieces at that. I love that they use local ingredients.The employees are friendly & attentive...& quick. We didn't have to wait long to get out pizza.  It was hot & fresh & ooooh....they give you a small container of honey for the crust! It's the little things! The pizza was delicious. The crust wasn't extremely"dough-y", which is good.Seating is plentiful, but you're sharing that common area with the other vendors - so beware, it may get busy.They have a cooler full of drinks...soft drinks, wine, the yummy Dr. Brown sodas, & water, among other choices.I'm really pleased with Pure Pizza & will definitely be back!
4	So close to a five star rating, but I wasn't jumping up and down in my pants - just very happy and looking forward to going back. Enough? Definitely. Roger and I shared a white mushroom pizza on sprouted grain dough recommended by a friend and fan in California. Delicious. Artfully layered and flavored and almost melting on my tongue. I'm still tasting it today. While sitting, two friends happened to stop by for a pizza and ordered the single packaged glasses of wine. Sweet! Wish I had thought of that idea. Next time.An artisan eatery that is worth a visit or two or three. So, happy to find some other crafty places in Charlotte. Maybe I'm starting to like it here.
4	I've been here a few times now and I can officially declare fandom.  The pizza is good. The ingredients are noticeably fresh - the sweet bell peppers are particularly delightful. I've tried the original crust and the special "ancient grain" crust.  Both are a thin, chewy/grainy kind of feeling and have that oven fired taste.  They go easy on the sauce here, and there's an adequate amount of cheese (I personally like my pizzas to be dangerously cheesy, perhaps next time I'll just ask for it).  And definitely try dipping the crust in the chili-honey sauce, it's a nice touch.  Service is pretty quick, and the owner is super friendly.  It's a solid joint.
5	A friend invited me and my husband to the Top Chef challenge across the street from the 7th Street Market, and after she RAVED this was her favorite pizza in Charlotte, we had to try out a few Pure pizzas. The setup of pure is like a food court-- order at the counter, and take a seat, and wait for your food. The pies took no time to come out. We tried the pulled pork pizza, which was divine.  The dough so chewy and crisp, and slightly sweet.  The pie is topped with pickled cabbage for a nice fresh crisp and tang.  The chorizo pizza was flavor packed too...as was the simple tomato and cheese.  BTW: Each pizza comes with a tiny container of local honey.  Honey!  To dip your crust.  Even folks who aren't crust eaters will appreciate the touch.  BTW Part 2: If you can't make it down to the market, Pure made an appearance at the last Chow Down food truck rally. BTW Part 3:  We had the regular crust and the sprouted...and honestly, there's not much difference when your pizza's got so many toppings and intense flavors.  I'd try both...the sprouted just makes you feel healthier :-)
5	I've only had one kind of pizza at Pure Pizza, but I loved it. I had the 5 cheese pizza on sprouted grain dough. I went at lunchtime on a weekday, and it wasn't that crowded (granted it was a Friday in the summer, when it seems to me like half of Charlotte doesn't go to work, so maybe it's busier other days). The 7th Street Market is a series of different, almost booth like, stores, from fresh juices, to a coffee bar, to a bakery to a butcher's case, and Pure Pizza is just about in the middle of it. You order up at the counter, and then site in a food court like area, and they bring the pizza out to you when it's done. It took a while for the pizza to come out, especially since I was on my lunch break, but once it arrived, it was well worth the wait! The 5 cheeses blended perfectly, but the best part was really the sprouted grain crust. They gave us a litle side of honey to dip the crust in, but it wasn't even needed, The crust had almost a baked in sweetness to it. I did dip in the honey once, but it was almost distracting from the full flavor the crust had on its own.I ordered the 10", to share with someone, and it was the perfect size. 3 regular sized (not those extra huge pieces you see sometimes now) for each person.I loved the pizza, and I will definitely be back.
4	Neat little pizza place inside 7th Street Market! They make the floppy, NY style (if that's your thing), and it tastes incredible. I love the fact that they use natural, locally-sourced ingredients wherever possible. Meats, veg, even the flour for the dough is milled in NC. And naturally, they have local brews on tap (NoDa Red: if you haven't tried it yet, perfect with pizza).You can do the simple, comfortable pizzas (cheese, pepperoni), but they also have some really inventive stuff. My visit, the pizza of the day was a field greens pie - cheese pizza with a locally-grown field greens mix on top. Everything comes to you hot and fresh, and it's hard to stop eating once you dig in. These guys know their stuff! If they offer you honey for your crust, take it. I've never dipped pizza crusts in honey before, but it works!The staff are incredibly nice and make you feel welcome. Be sure to grab a pizza from Pure next time you are in the Market - you won't be disappointed.
5	I tried Pure Pizza after seeing it while stopping into the 7th Street Market" to check out "Not Just Coffee".  The pizza was amazing!  Nice thin crispy crust but still a little chewy.  The ingredients are great and it is nice to see them using local produce etc.  My wife and I devoured the pizza and will make this a standard Saturday stop on our weekends.  The only downside are the hours...since it is located in the market, it closes at 7:00pm Mon-Sat.  I live/work north of Charlotte so it is hard for me to get down to it during the week.  Hopefully they will be opening another location soon with more traditional hours so that it is easier for me to get my fix.
4	Highly enjoyed my 2nd visit to Charlotte's Farm to Fork, Organic Pizzeria! It's not very often that you come across a restaurant with great gluten free options, but to come across a pizza place that offers gluten free is almost unheard of. It's not just a regular pizza place either, this is all organic - local - farm fresh - deliciousness!  Guilt free carbs if you will :) We will be back and are letting all our vegan, vegetarian and gluten free friends know about this hot spot. PS - They carry Vegan cheese for those who are also dairy free.
4	Best Gluten free Pizza my wife and I have had in the South!!  Sorry Mellow Mushroom, Pure pizza has you beat! Great crust, great taste and great service!
5	I normally do not like to five star something unless I have been at least twice. In this case my friend let me snag a slice of his pizza so I sort of went twice. It was packed on a Friday for lunch when we went. I ordered the chorizo pizza on whole wheat and he ordered the Five cheese. The pizza came out in about 10 minutes, maybe a little longer but not a long wait. It looked beautiful, cooked perfectly and it tasted as good as it looked. Toppings were balanced and nothing overpowered another topping. The crust was very good and filling, the cinnamon honey dipping for the crust was AHMAZING. If I did have a complaint it would be the lack of sauce, maybe it is just the pizza I ordered I could see tomato sauce being awkward with the toppings of this pizza. However, I am a fiend for a good tomato sauce. The five cheese was equally as good. The cheese's were of great quality and stringed for days. It was hard for me to choose which pizza to order because they have so many inventive selections like Smoked Salmon and pulled pork. I can not wait to try it again.
4	On my inaugural trip to the 7th Street Market, I ate at Pure Pizza. I had heard all the buzz and knew I had to try to try out and see if the hype was legit... And it was!I had the the Pesto Pizza with the whole wheat crust and it was phenomenal!  Normally after eating pizza, you get that ucky sensation (and not just from consuming calories!) but Pure Pizza was very 'clean'.  I thought that the ingredients were very fresh and it was very well presented.  The side of honey to go with the crust was a great touch and truly showed the love and thought that went into the menu creation!  The staff was very welcoming and pleasant and i'm sure I will be back again.
5	After all of my camping out at 7th Street Market, I finally made it over to Pure for lunch. After seeing multiple delicious pizzas make their rounds throughout the market to tables seated with happily expectant guests, the time was nigh.Hanging out on a Saturday morning at the market is great. Tons of hustle and bustle. Hungry folks exploring the various vendors and stands. We enjoyed the morning crowd and had an early lunch. My wife ordered the mushroom on the sprouted ancient grain crust and I ordered the chorizo pie on the traditional white crust. The mushroom had incredible, robust aromatics. Local shitaki mushrooms and a nice whisper of truffle. The crust is thin and chewy with tons of grainy flavor. That subtle truffle oil flavor....heaven. The chorizo was great. I appreciated the lime wedge to squeeze over the pie. It added the needed sourness to enhance the other savory flavors. I enjoyed chorizo, but the mushroom definitely took first prize of the two. Easily one of the best craft pizzas I've had in the QC.They also have some great drink choices. Ting? I haven't seen this except at Jamaican restaurants and ethnic markets! How cool! I LOVE Ting. I used to drink it as a kid. It's a nice, perky flavor and works well with the pizza. Price point is very fair for the craft they churn out, they bring the pizza to you where ever you are in the market, and you can even custom your pie to the world's end. I'm so stoked this place set up in the 7th Street Market!Very much looking forward to going back. Cheers!
4	I finally made it to Pure Pizza recently and was impressed by the quality of the pie they're serving up! I ordered my pizza from the chalkboard above the cash register with a little help from the guy who took my order. He helped me to decide which crust and even sauce that was to go on my pizza. I decided on a 3-Cheese pizza on traditional crust with a "special sauce". It was de-lish! My pizza was brought right to me as I waited at a small table in the 7th st market nearby. The gentleman who brought my pizza even asked me if I needed anything else, although I'm sure he didn't have to. The 7th St. Market seems to be very much self-serve. If I'm craving a personal pizza in uptown in the future, I'll be sure to return to Pure Pizza and try another yummy pie. Keep up the good work, guys!
5	Hands down one of the best Pizzas I've ever had (including in Italy :-) ). Plus, the Pure Pizza folks are really nice and have very inventive daily specials. Nothing else to say!
5	I come to 7th Street Public Market at least 2-3 times per month and always think, "I need to try Pure Pizza".  Mission finally accomplished last weekend!  To me, one of my first tests of a pizza place is just, how well do they pull off a simple cheese pizza?  Pure Pizza pulls it off very, very well.  This version of the cheeser had perhaps the thinnest crust I've ever had on a pizza with just the perfect amount of crisp and chew.  Still on the crust side, you get a little plastic container of some excellent local honey to dip your remnants in.  The cheese was perfectly brown and melty and stretchy and delicious with a delicious tang you only get from real quality mozzarella and the sauce was fresh and added just the right amount of acid to the pie. All in all, this was a great pizza and I can't wait to try another variety on another visit to the market.
4	I don't know why it took me so long to get my butt over to Pure Pizza. As a JWU grad I'm a huge Reinhart fan, and was really looking forward to making it here shortly after opening... and somehow my first trip happened in November. Oh well. They were out of gluten free (which is usually just my preference) so we got the sprouted grain. Then we had to order a mushroom after we heard about the man who grows them in his basement, followed by a vegan and a margherita. Needless to say, the way the bare bones vegan pizza was made said enough. If an almost nothing pizza could be that good, they clearly have the basics down, and everything else should be awesome - and it was. The only thing not awesome? The $50 for three 12" pizzas. I understand why, but at the same - seriously??? The honey samples she threw in kind of made up for it I guess. But next time I'll ask for a few more toppings, because when I added olives to my margherita, I ended up with the equivalent of about half of an olive minced and sprinkled on. kinda lame. I did have a nice surprise with the other topping I added, though - the arugula is in sprout form!I will return, because it's darn good pizza, and if given the choice I'd definitely pay more so I could eat that delicious crust.
5	We have always loved the 7th Street Market and as we watched it grow we usually did it by sitting at one of those tables in the middle of the open space eating a Tyrannosaurus Rex Pizza.  The crust is amazing.  My wife loves the honey they give you to dip the crust into.  I have to say it is absolutely one of the best pizzas I have ever had in Charlotte or anywhere.  It is worth a try and I hope to see you at the table next to us some weekend, watching the market grow.
5	Best Pizza in the QC in my opinion.. hands down!!
5	Had a client meet up at the 7th Street Market & got the opportunity to try out Pure Pizza! We had (what I think was called) their T-Rex pizza. It was amazing! Everything they make is so fresh and full of flavor! I loved every bite! The owner is also extremely friendly! Be sure to say hello!
5	I went there based on reviews on yelp. I was not let down!I got the wild mushroom personal pie and added spinach and fresh jalapenos on the ancient grains crust. It was amazing. The crust was perfectly cooked and all the toppings meshed well together.They have many vegan options(daiya cheese).The owner and the other employee there were very nice and friendly. I will definitely be going back next time I am in town.
4	I have to admit i have been thinking about this pizza since i had it for the first time a few days ago. It was that good. Had the Slap Yo Mama Lasagna add Pepperoni, took it to-go, stuck it on the pizza stone at home for a few min and all i can say is damn that was one good pie. The crust was excellent. Thin and crispy with a nice flavor and not too doughy. Really good when dipped in the honey they toss in the box. The toppings and sauce actually tasted like lasagna and they use the large pepperoni. Its a win-win. I consider myself  a pizzaterian and i have to say this is one of the best pizzas i have had in awhile.  It really is amazing how much more flavor comes through when fresh ingredients are used. Price was a little steep so i wont be able to chow down here on the reg but i definitely look forward to anytime i can swing it. If you appreciate a nice, fresh and creative pie you should definitely check this place out.
5	Everyone was telling me this pizza was delicious!!  I just wasn't paying attention, I went yesterday for a job, it was our fourth stop and we had been eating all day.  So, you can imagine I wasn't thinking how delicious this might be or having the excitement of a fresh pie coming my way!  We tried The Chorizo, it was so unique.  It was like a street taco, thin crust topped with cheese, chorizo, cilantro, tomato, raw red onion and a little radish.. it was an explosion of flavor.  Just the perfect mix of hot food, with crisp toppings and tiny amount of spice. Well balanced, you just wanting to keep eating it, to keep getting the wave of flavors.Local sourced ingredients, friendly service + delicious product. And did I mention beer? They have a five or six local beers on tap.  Good times.Check times in the evening because it closes when the Market closes.
5	This is my lunch go to spot . i love that you can watch as the put your pizza together where it becomes a masterpiece. The honey for the crust is a must ... Oh yeah and they always have fruit infused water...love it
5	Great fresh pizza! We had the 5 cheese pizza and it was so good! We got the regular crust and it came with honey to dip it in. I have never tried that and let me say it went perfectly together! Wanna go back to try another pizza or calzone!!
5	Well Pure Pizza is another place that falls in the category of "I finally had to buy a living social to try".  Apparently, I need the motivation of an expiring coupon to help me eat some pizza that I know is going to be great.As per usual, I am all over a wild mushroom pie like a dog in heat.  I chose the sprouted crust and let me tell you, it was the perfect combo with the earthy goodness of the shrooms. Others at the table had margherita and another pie that I can't recall at the moment. Both the other ones were on regular crust, which was also delicious, but I can't get over the sprouted crust.  I look forward to many a return visit.Oh they also have local craft beer which is always a plus in my book.
4	7th Street market, what can I say other than I hate that I haven't been sooner?  We went next door to ImaginOn and decided to follow all the other "cool Yelpers" review and try Pure Pizza.WOW, is about all I can say.  You walk up, and the menu is written on a chalkboard and it takes some time to process, the lady at the register was really great about answering questions and suggested that I try the "Slap yo Mama Lasagna" which I had on Ancient Sprouted Grain dough.The pizza came out in record time and was chock full of tasty fare.  Ground beef, mozzarella cheese, basil, onions, and the tastiest damn tomato sauce I have had on a pizza yet.  The ancient sprouted grain dough was flavorful and had a nice rise to it which gave the pizza the right amount of fluff.  I got the small which was plenty and was glad I did.  I like places like this, and hope that it is successful since I will be come a more frequent customer.  It is appealing to me that there are many other neat places to check out while I'm there which makes this experience well worth the trip.Great stuff Y'all!!!
5	The pizza was great!!! Crust was really good! When they offer you honey to dip the crust in, take it!!! TRY IT!!! We tried the 5 cheese and it was good! Had a nice smoked flavor!!!  Also I just loved it being in the 7th Street Fresh Market! That place in itself was really cool!
4	It's hard for me to know where to start. But at Pure, I usually start with the Wild Mushroom pizza and don't get much further than that. It's sheer genius...and as a consumer of many a "wild mushroom pizza," I have significant field experience. Truly a magnificent pizza. I love the execution, and the accompanying video playing on loop that shows where exactly the mushrooms come from...come ON! This little locavore is a happy camper.I must also give a shout out to the croutons (thanks to a sweet young lady working there who recommended adding them to a salad) as well as the lemon vinaigrette dressing. I'd eat just those two in a bowl and die of delight.I've tried a few other pizzas there, and they've all been swell. There's also honey dipping sauce for your crusts...why isn't EVERYONE else doing this? It's so brilliant...and makes the crispy crust taste into a post-slice dessert. The sprouted ancient grain crust is also worth trying...only available in the smaller pizza options, though.Pure is a favorite of mine when I'm hungry and in the uptown area.  **for the vegans, they have daiya and can make many of the pizzas vegan-friendly with no loss of flavor!
4	Yep...it's official this pizza is the bomb.com!  After chatting up the staff I let my inner meat monster out and went with the T-Rex pizza basically because it's got everything pepperoni, beef, ham, bacon...Mmmmm! After about 10 minutes my masterpieces arrived. I chose the original crust and my goodness it was pretty delicious! And that honey...Wowsers! Now, I admit I never thought of honey and pizza being a great combination so I was a bit hesitant but seriously just DO IT! Absolutely delicious!Heck yeah, I'm coming back! Loved it!
5	OMG, why did I need a Groupon to find about this place? I can't believe I hadn't tried this for so long!Firstly, since this place is inside the 7th Street Market, parking is validated.So there was this $10 for $20 Groupon deal for this place that came up on my phone. Because I hadn't heard of this place before I looked it up on Yelp and saw the reviews. Me and my boyfriend headed to this place the following weekend and ordered a large pizza, half Wild Mushroom, half Pure Country. Because everyone was raving about their sprouted grain crust we asked for that, unfortunately they don't do that for the large pizzas. Fortunately, their regular crust tastes delicious too! The Wild Mushroom is my #1 at this place. It is also my boyfriend's favorite, and did I mention, he DISLIKES mushrooms? Go figure!The second time we went here we got so greedy, we ordered two large pizzas, thinking we would have them for lunch the following few days, and we did. The second time we did half Pepperoni Supreme, half T-Rex and a while Wild Mushroom! Oh Mother of God, that was like the best pizza weekend ever! Also, I really like how they give you honey and cinnamon sugar with the pizza to dip the crust in at the end. I enjoyed that part so much (especially since I throw away all the crust or give it to my boyfriend), that I started doing that with all pizzas I get from other stores. But no, sadly that doesn't taste so great with other pizza places. This place really has some magic ingredient in their crust, next time I'm seriously considering getting my pizza half wild mushroom, half plain crust!
5	I know how it sounds when I say this is the best pizza I have ever had... Believe me.  I know how it comes off... lol  Seriously, though... I can't think of a different way to describe this experience... They offer a sprouted grain crust as well as a traditional white... The boyfriend and I (or me, however that goes) decided to split the difference... I got the Chorizo pie on sprouted grain and he got the T-Rex on the regular... The chorizo had an excellent balance of flavor...  The sausage and tomatoes were markedly fresh, the radishes were crisp, the onions were nice and crunchy... My favorite part, though?  The cilantro sprinkled on top and the slice of lime they gave you to drizzle over the top... Omigosh, I literally ate the whole pie... I don't normally finish a meal and I made myself finish that entire pie at one sitting because it was too good to stop... lol  The T-Rex was crazy good... Bacon, ground beef, sausage and pepperoni with a tremendous mozzarella and a perfect accompaniment of organic tomato sauce... The toppings didn't overwhelm the actual crust, so they both got to shine... The crust stayed crispy (which is very important to me) even though they did not shy away from the sauces or the other ingredients... I made sure to ask for some of that honey to dip the crust in and I was sooooo glad I remembered... It was absolutely heavenly... I just saw that Foodie Call delivers Pure Pizza now... Why in the world did they tell me that?  I might not be cooking tonight after all... lol
4	Love the sprouted grain crust. Consistently good pizza.
5	Who else has farm to table fresh pizza as good as Pure Pizza? It's pure and it's wonderful. Never had a bad pie here! All of the elements of the pizza pies work so well together. The crust, the cheese, the sauce, the toppings, even the honey for the crust. One of my favorite pizza spots in Charlotte. Check it out!
5	I think they should rename this place Pure Heaven Pizza. I'm embarrassed at how long it took me to try this place especially since I know one of the owners. But with an office in SouthEnd and this being in an area with only paid parking around, it always got pushed down the list. Well parking should not be a deterrent- all the places in 7th Street Market validate parking- woo hoo! So I met someone for lunch at the market and Pure Pizza has definitely built a good base of clientele because they had a sizable line. I got to the front and asked Juli her top recommendation which was the wild mushroom pizza. I think I'm going to be stuck like JJ because there is no reason to move on.  The wild mushroom pizza has some tasty shitake mushrooms (as opposed to shitakes that sometimes taste like dirt which I call shitty shitakes) as well as some other varieties, drizzled with truffle oil. I tried it on the sprouted crust which is lower in gluten, and I paid attention to the tip about also drizzling honey they offer all patrons. You yelpers are sharp, my friends. I had an epiphany when I tried the savory meets sweetness all on a pizza. There weren't too many pizzas in Charlotte I get extremely excited about, but this pizza changed my life and my outlook. It's not a thick crust, but still somehow substantial. I don't know what kind of cheese they use, but it doesn't upset my stomach like a lot of cheeses, and that with the low-gluten crust made my tummy very happy and guilt-free.  I guess some people might want other choices (not me, my love- I will stay true to you,  Wild Mushroom) so there is a "lasagna" pizza and some other carnivorous options as well as sandwiches and salads for vegetarian/vegans.I think I just might have this for dinner.
5	Awesome pizza! Stopped by yesterday after reading such great reviews and was definitely impressed. I ordered a small pepperoni supreme and it was delicious. The ingredients proved their authenticity from the first bite. One of the best pizzas I have had in Charlotte. The only thing keeping Pure Pizza from being one of my regular lunch spots is the price. My small 10" pizza was $11.95; with a can of Coke my total came out to a little over $14. Worth the money, just not on a weekly basis for me.
5	Love the 7th street Public Market & esp. Pure Pizza. We didn't realize they offered such healthy options (sprouted dough until after we ordered) so we'll def. try that next time. Saturday was a perfect time to stop @ the Market with the parking available right across the street & the light rail stop @ their doorstep.
3	Apparently I just need to try the pizza. I got a calzone because I was feeling poor and didn't want to spend $14 on a pizza. The calzone was good, not the best I've had. The worst part is how difficult it was to eat because the the plastic fork and knife provided. It was impossible to cut. I eventually gave up and used my hands. The whole experience gets 3 stars, but I will be back to try a pizza, and I will update my review at that time.
5	Great pizza!!  NY native who lived in Italy for years, and this pizza was on par with those pizzas.  I had the "Slap Yo Mama Lasagna" pizza and was delicious, will definitely be going back for more!
4	Wow. Amazing pizza ( I tried the pepperoni) and Great draft beer to accompany. Parking is validated and the metro stop is right on 7th. So no excuses. In the mood for great pizza? You need to stop here. No other way to describe it.
4	I would give them 5 stars based on deliciousness, but I had to take 1 star away because of the price. The only thing I've had here is their pizza and it's great. We have to modify our pizza to make it vegan and that's where the dollar signs start adding up. They charge $1 to $1.50 per topping and we added 5 toppings. We almost doubled the price of the pizza in toppings! But I'm more than happy to pay extra at a place that offers Daiya vegan cheese.Other reasons I love this place: it's in 7th Street Public Market, it's right off the light rail, it shares a space with my favorite coffee and vegan cupcake place. We can easily spend a couple hours here eating and people watching.
5	Changing my previous 4 stars to 5. This place is just unbeatable. I've tried brickx, pizza fusion, and others. No one makes pizza like these guys. My typical order is garlic knots (awesome), Greek salad, (awesome), specialty pizza, (BBQ and pepperoni supreme are redic), and a local tap while we wait. This is a once a month treat where I go crazy at the public market. There's no other organic pizza place like pure pizza.
5	If Heaven were a pizza, it would be this pizza.  With honey on the side.The 7th Street Market is such a neat place to go anyway, but when you go hungry - be sure to eat here!  I've only ever had the T-Rex pizza, because it's SO GOOD.  The crust is crispy and just right.  The T-Rex pizza has all sorts of meat on it (Ron Swanson style). The people are friendly!  Annnnnd they validate parking!  Pure Pizza has never let me down, if you want a good pizza and you're Uptown - this is your spot!
5	Wow I was so impressed with this pizza! It tastes fresh, delicious, and put my taste-buds in a frenzy. This isn't traditional italian pie but it is excellent none-the-less. We had the five cheese, the wild mushroom, and a big greek salad.  I enjoyed all but the wild mushroom with truffle was beyond incredible. The crust is the perfect texture (chewy with a slight crisp) and is served with honey on the side. (doubling as dessert= genius). Everything is local when possible and it is located at the 7th street Market so you can pick up some other local goodies while waiting for your pizza. I will definitely be ordering some PP in the near future!
4	Great pizza, fantastic tomato sauce.  Margherita pizza was very tasty.
2	Yeah, two stars and that's all it deserves! Sure the food is really tasty but that is really all Pure Pizza has going for it.Look I get the whole organic/granola/hipster thing everyone is into these days. I like that we are getting back to real foods with real names from real people. But honestly this "market" aka "food court" is a prepackaged sterile side show! Its located in the heart of downtown Charlotte, and has the typical chalk board menus, old style metal chairs, and hokey 'barn' carts to hold food items. The walls are covered with images of vegetalbles/flowers/smiling people/and all that organic stuff. There are about 10 other shops in there (coffee, sushi, meat, wine, pizza, desserts, etc) and each one is playing on the farm local organic vibe. But come on people this was hand picked by marketing and designers to make you FEEL like your in an old world market/little farm town. And its specifically designed to pull in the younger crowd working in downtown that wants to be a part of that image.Let me get off my soap box and talk about Pure Pizza. I ordered a medium and 3 bottled waters for a total of $24. The cost was a little high, but I thought maybe the pizza would be all that other Yelpers had raved about. I figured that would be more than enough for my wife and toddler to enjoy. Anyway, yes I did enjoy the pizza, but it was more like a small in the realm of pizzas. On top of that these pizzas are thin crust, no not crazy paper thin, but thinner than I was expecting and from seeing it I knew it would not be enough for my family. Regardless though the pizza was super tasty with a great crust and the honey to dip the crust in was a very pleasing. But all it did was make me want like 2 more pizzas! But I was not about to drop almost $75 dollars on a lunch! And how much were those stinking bottled waters!?! They weren't even anything special and actually they were super cheap bottled waters with caps that were annoying to take off. But whatever the pizza although amazing on taste is too expensive for the amount you get. Yeah I know all organic and free range and vegan with no preservatives and high fructose corn syrup is worth the extra coin. But I can't recommend this place because of the cost:food ratio. It's that simple! In addition to the prepackaged 'market' theme that your immersed in... its just to fake for me. There are better values in Charlotte than Pure Pizza. I'd rather go to the Penguin for some true local flavor!!
5	Best pizza in Charlotte! Great environment at the 7th Street Public Market. Crust is delicious and they only use the best ingredients. The salads and sandwiches are also excellent but I'm usually a pizza kind of guy.
4	Good pizza.  Great for lunch, and located in 7th street market so your companions can choose from sushi or sandwiches if they don't desire pizza.Pizza is thin(ish) crust.  I've ordered the T-Rex and a basic pepperoni, the T-Rex is awesome.If the line is long, it takes a while just to order.  For some reason, they are slow at taking orders.  It usually takes 10-15 minutes for them to bring your pizza out to you.They have various sodas/beers available as well.  They carry some Dr.Brown's soda which is pretty good.They have complimentary honey dipping sauces for your crust, which are really pretty tasty.  I went with the cinnamon flavor.
4	I had the bbq chicken pizza for lunch today and it was excellent!!! It is my third time having it. I'm not sure if it's a NC thing or not but they give you a little cup of honey for your crust. Ummmm, it's actually pretty good! In a see of Pizza Hut and Dominoes meal deals you do get a bit of sticker shock at Pure. $11.95 for a small pizza...really? Good price on the beer though, $4 for a 20oz cup:)
4	Many choices...specialty pizzas or build your own. Great arugula salad! Vegan and vegetarian options abound.
4	I had this pizza for lunch the other day while in the market with a friend. It was my first time eating it and I was so surprised when they give you little cups of honey with your order without you even asking! It was local honey and it was delicious but not really my thing on pizza. We had the margherita and it was good, I wish that it had more cheese and it really could have used like three times the basil but the flavor was good and I am picky when it comes to pizza sauce.
5	Gonna make this short and sweet. I'm an NY Italian and a bit of a pizza snob. I usually like my pizza just sauce and cheese like in NYC. This place however puts a whole new spin on gourmet pizza.I love this place. I have yet to find something that isn't unique and completely delicious. Highly recommend the Wild Mushroom & Truffle pizza!Update: the nice people at Pure Pizza gave me a free pizza coupon for my original review. My girlfriend & I went last night and I think their pizza hot even more delicious since last time! If you haven't gone yet... GO!
5	I've been to Pure Pizza twice now and could eat there everyday and probably never get sick of it.  The first time I went I had the Wild Mushroom and fell in love. I'm a sucker for truffle oil and that paired with Cottonmill Farms Oyster mushrooms, Grande mozzarella cheese and Bianco-Dinapoli organic tomato sauce... delicious.After eating there the first time I started reading about Pure Pizza, how their crust was made, where their ingredients come from and fell more in love with each sentence I read.  You've really got to read about their pizza (http://www.purepizzaclt.com/about-our-pizza) and just go try it for yourself.Yesterday, I took my Mom there and she had the Deconstructed Pulled Pork (Dan the Pig Man pulled pork, Grande mozzarella cheese, house made cilantro lime cole slaw. Topped with a Secret Sauce) and I forced myself to switch it up and get The Chorizo (Chorizo, tomatoes, fresh organic shaved radishes, chopped onions, cilantro, and lime juice). Needless to say, there were no left overs.Both times I got my boyfriend a standard Pepperoni to go. I was hesitant since he's usually not into a "better option" pizza, but he loved it as well.Go, right now. What are you waiting for?
5	My friend and I stopped by this spot with a Groupon late on a Saturday evening, just before closing. We tried the pulled pork pizza with a couple of pints. Two words: AWESOME SAUCE! The pizza had unforgettable flavor, combining sweet, savory, and acidic into a delicious bite. Also, the staff was more than accommodating-they gave us remarkable service in spite of our lateness. Most definitely worth the ten bucks we paid for the groupon-even worth the sticker price.
2	Mediocre pizza, bad Caesar salad, and high prices. On the positive side, service was good and we got our order very quickly.
4	First off I love this market it has so many great places to enjoy including PURE Pizza.  First of I  must say the guy who took my order was very helpful and friendly.  They must have a great business because this might  be the only pizza place I know not open at nights because of the lease where they are at.  So that to me speaks volumes about their product!  I ordered the PRESTIGE FARMS CHICKEN it has grilled chicken, fresh tomato, Lucky Leaf Farm fresh arugula, white balsamic onions, Boskey Acres goat cheese talk about fresh and flavorful I loved every bite of it.  My girlfriend ordered a small MARGHERITA pizza and added bacon for 2 bucks which I was for a small?  Then I saw and tasted the pizza.  This is some of the best pizza I have ever had and for 2 dollars they dont skimp on the toppings they pieces of bacon not bits.  I can't honestly wait to go back to Charlotte and eat here top about top notch with out a dot.  IF YOU LOVE PIZZA IT IS A MUST GO!!! I also saw this in another review and am reposting since its so cool!  "After eating there the first time I started reading about Pure Pizza, how their crust was made, where their ingredients come from and fell more in love with each sentence I read.  You've really got to read about their pizza (purepizzaclt.com/about-o...) and just go try it for yourself."
4	As a person who has not been able to go out to a pizza place and order a pizza like a normal person for a few years now due to gradually increasing wheat intolerance, I want to thank this place for existing. Their sprouted ancient grains gluten free crust is not a perfect replica of regular pizza crust (how can it be?) but it is tasty and has a good texture, and holds up to being held in your hand as you chew on a slice. The topping combinations are pretty interesting and everything tastes fresh and healthy.
2	This restaurant has really good pizza, though a bit greasy.  The service, however, is really not that great.  The two times I have been there, all guys have been working and they are not very excited about their product.  It is like they are doing me a favor to make a pizza.  I arrived there today at 7:01 pm and they refused to serve me because they were closed and were really quite rude about it.  I didn't argue, but I had driven 20 miles from work to get there so it was disappointing that they couldn't make a single pizza.  I have worked in restaurants; they were going to be there anyway, cleaning up for at least 30-45 minutes.  Obviously they are not interested in customers and I was a relatively new one.  Again, the pizza is great, but do not expect to be impressed with service (although conveniently it pops up to "tip" them on the Ipad when you swipe your card.)  Gotta love the audacity of that!
4	So, I've to this place a couple of times, LivingSocial coupon in hand, because they have gluten-free pizza, which the beau needs. The verdict: You NEED this pizza in your life!One of my biggest dislikes about pizza in general is how greasy it usually is. Heavy, sits like a brick, makes you feel squicky for the rest of the day. Not so for Pure Pizza! It was light, airy, and surprisingly grease-free like I have never seen before. I could eat until I'm full and not feel totally disgusting afterward. Which I totally did.Their gluten-free dough option is quite fluffy and holds up well. It even has an interesting whole-grain sort of taste that quickly grows on you. As someone who typically eats regular glutenous bread, I actually really like it.Without a doubt, the Deconstructed Pulled Pork pizza is the BEST. God, I'm craving it as I type. The crispy, salty pork with the crunchy, sweet slaw on top of that soft, cheesy bread? I could eat it every day. I don't even usually like slaw. This stuff is seriously fresh. I can't get over it.The T-Rex is also a tasty option for you carnivores out there. It's positively sprawling with delicious meats and won't leave you disappointed.The only complaint I have is that the employees are a bit aloof and not very friendly. But I can get over that, for the food. Pure Pizza is more like a savory pastry rather than an artery-clogging guilt machine. They've got a return customer for sure.Be sure to get your parking ticket validated! The machine is over by the bulletin board near the door to the parking garage.
5	All the flavor without the yucky stuff. Hubby and I purchased 2 pizzas, the Pesto with sprouted crust and added chicken... oh the flavor was sooo AMAZING! We also got a savory large T-Rex... We loved them both. The organic, fresh ingredients are what drew me but the taste has made me a loyal customer for LIFE! Worth the 1 1/2 drive to get it!! You will not be disappointed.
2	I hate to rain on the parade of 5 stars, but I was not impressed with my pizza.I ordered for delivery through foodie call and had a custom pizza made of goat cheese, proscuitto, and arugula - my go to. The pizza came within the expected time frame (45 minutes) and I was excited to give it a try.The first red flag (you can see by the picture) is all the toppings were plopped in the center. Who likes eating their pizza with no toppings on the outside and then mounds of it on the other side? I spent the next 5 minutes redistributing the toppings so it was evenly dispersed throughout the pie. Second, where was the proscuitto?! There were tiny cut up bits of what tasted like ham sprinkled on top, but definitely not the thin slices of salty, savory proscuitto deliciousness I was expecting.The ancient grain crust, however, was very good and I also enjoyed the brown sugar cinnamon dipping sauce that came with it. I'm willing to give Pure Pizza another try...but I'll surely be there in person to voice my criticisms.
2	Overall good pizza, but extremely expensive. Their pepperoni specialty pizza is $15.95 for a small 12 inches! Add one extra topping, and now you're up to about $20 for a personal-sized pizza. On top of that, their payment system asks for a tip up front.  An up-front request for a tip always feels a little awkward to me. Also, I'm not sure what I'm tipping for, there isn't much service to actually tip for.  The pizza is dropped off at your table. Napkins? Plates? Condiments? Red pepper? All kept at the bar area.  Leave all your stuff alone on the table, trek back up to the bar, and get it all yourself. You are also expected to bus your own table. The rest of the choices there are good, including their salads and sandwiches. All still very pricey. Conclusion: good food, but you pay thru the nose for it. Is their pizza 3x as good as Fuel? Definitely not.
5	Yummy, Yummy, in my Tummy!
5	Delicious thin crust pizza.  Fresh toppings.  Local beers on tap.  Killer garlic knots.  Best pizza in Charlotte.
5	Great pizza with interesting toppings in the Seventh Street Market. And they have local beer on tap, what's not to love?I got their chorizo topped pizza which also had some cilantro and fresh tomatoes. Made to order, it took a few minutes until it was brought to my table. By that time, I was well into my pint of Triple C's Golden Boy beer. I'll need another of those, please.Prices are okay ($5 for a local draft is quite reasonable) and there were enough seats around the dinner hour. Note that they do close at around 7pm.
5	While the prices are a bit high for a make-your-own pizza, the taste makes up for it. I love going to Seventh Street market, sitting Not Just Coffee and having a drink while waiting for delicious fresh made pizza from Pure.  I've taken this to go as well as eaten inside the market, and I can say that the pizza doesn't do well reheated. So try to eat it fresh while there if possible.If one of their specialty pizzas sounds good to you, go for it, as those are definitely a better deal for the amount of toppings you get for the money.  I wanted what I wanted, though, so I ended up with a medium, thin crust, regular crust pizza with jalapenos, pepperoncini, onions and feta.  It was pretty expensive at $2/topping = $20 med pizza. But it was delicious.The arugula salad with goat cheese and lemon vinaigrette is to-die-for. I crave that dressing days later. So light and fresh but flavorful.
5	We came here for a little snack while waiting for our coffee on Friday. See my review for Not Just Coffee.We ordered the individual pulled pork explosion to split between the two of us. Took about 10 minutes to cook and came out right to our table with some slaw on top (just like a pulled pork sandwich).The pizza was amazing! Decent price and great location.
5	Another 7th Street Market vender that is great. Awesome pizzas. The ingredients are so fresh and the cheese just falls off the pizza. When ever I'm in Uptown during lunch I make sure that I stop and a grab a cheese pizza for like $5. They are so good they have spoiled me for other pizza places. It's great place and you should make sure you go there. They also have local beer too. The crew of Pure are friendly and love what they do. I have family members in other state craving their pizza after one visit.  So that should tell you that you need to make a visit right now.
5	Farm-to-fork fresh and SO tasty! I went in with a Groupon in hand and left extremely satisfied. We had the BBQ Chicken Pizza, Arugula Salad and OMB Copper on draft. The pizza crust is thin, chewy and absolutely delish. Toppings are piled on heavy but thats just fine by me. I'll eat them off my plate with a fork, no problem ;)Without a deal, the prices are a bit on the high side. You're paying for the farm-to fork quality here. With or without a deal, I shall return. It's that good.Validated parking available for 7th street garage.
4	My husband came home talking about an amazing pizza inside 7th street market. Apparently, it was so good he felt obliged to take me here the following day. We ordered half chorizo and half slap yo mama lasagna pizza, a 10" cheese and garlic knots. The woman running the counter was so friendly and helpful. She answered our questions and have recommendations. I found a table while my partner ordered. We waited a few minutes and they brought out the knots first followed with pizza a few minutes later. The pizza was really good! The chorizo had such great flavors going on and the lasagna actually tasted like lasagna. Weird. I feel like that's a line from Willy Wonka. "The snozberries taste like snozberries!" Anyway, overall it's a great little place to get delicious pizza in the market. They offer deals through Groupon and Yelp although we didn't use them. It's very casual and laid back atmosphere. Although if you want a table during peak times you might be out of luck. It gets busy. Like really busy during lunch.
4	Delicious food with a perky and helpful staff. I recommend the pulled pork pizza-- it was crispy and delicious, but on the greasy side (which I don't mind once in a while!). One negative: the cashier told me that the pizza had no egg products... but the cabbage slaw they plopped onto the middle of the pie was mayo-based. Yikes.
4	We used a "yelp" certificate and were not disappointed.  Service was good as was the pizza - we got a meat pizza (can't remember the exact name - but know it was meat because that is all my husband orders) - crust was just right.  Also ordered pulled pork sandwich and one other item - sandwich maybe but everything was really good and prices were very reasonable too.  Nice little place tucked away inside the 7th St. Mkt.
4	Pizza. Go here if you like pizza. Pizza. : )
5	Never have I ever been let down by these guys. Personal fav: chorizo pizza. Everyone I've met is super friendly. Oh and they're salads are great too!
4	Both my friend and I were super pleased with the pizza. Only complaint either of us had was that we felt the chorizo pizza should have had more chorizo on it. I'll definitely be back. My mushroom and truffle oil pizza was to die for.
3	I decided to use my Groupon tonight during a wine tasting.  I was not impressed with my pizza.  I was expecting it to look like most of the pictures displayed. Instead I received a very flimsy pizza.   I probably will not be back.
4	If you haven't tried Pure Pizza out you should give it a try soon. Not sure exactly what they do or how they do it but they really have something special in their pizza crust and focaccia bread. Maybe there are gluten fairies working in secret or something - not sure but all I know is it's darn good. I have had their pizza multiple times and you can't go wrong there. Try the smoked salmon pizza for something a little different. Today I ventured down and had their caprese focaccia sandwich and it was nothing short of amazing. Just simple and delicious. Not really sure what else I can say. Gave them four stars but probably like 4.5.
5	Amazing. Had a 10 inch with ham, basil and garlic. Devoured it in no time flat. (While using honey on the crust of course.) Totally delicious and the staff was as excellent as the food. The recommended beer I had with it was tasty as well. A win all around. Wish this was in my city.
4	I dig this spot for lunch. It reminds me of being home in New York. sitting in the 7th street market and taking in the things around you while eating this nearly perfect pizza is heart warming. Almost as good as standing in the streets of NYC with a slice the size of your head on wax paper. Almost. Good job Pure Pizza. Good job!
4	Firstly, pure pizza is in an adorable marketplace and is now my favorite lunch area. There are a bunch of different choices of restaurants near it, all looking delicious and super hip. I got all of the yelp deals available before ordering: 10 for 20$ and checking in for free garlic knots.  Even with my 20$ credit, I paid an extra 10$ for 2 pizzas and 2 waters.  So far, 30$ for 2 people worth of food is a little steep. But then the food came out and our pizzas were bigger than expected. We barely finished half of all of the food we ordered and took the rest of it home, absolutely stuffed. The pizzas were pretty good. Slap-yo-mama lasagna pizza didn't quite live up to its awesome name (not to say it was bad, just not exceptional) but the BBQ was freaking amazing. I wish I didn't have two pieces in my sitting so I could have taken more of it home. Btw that pizza is just as good cold as it is hot. And lastly, the garlic knots were free. Do I even need to say more? Warning: lunch time gets busy and it gets hard to find a seat! Be prepared to wait around with your food for someone to graciously stand up and free up a table.
4	I don't know about you but my craving for Pizza is always coupled with immense guilt for wanting something so unhealthy! not any more though... =) the Pizzas at Pure are not only delicious, but even after you have devoured an entire pizza you won't get up from your chair feeling overly full or bloated or gross! it probably has to do with the fact that they use fresh / local / organic (when possible) ingredients, and they keep the pizzas simple - thin crusts, moderate toppings, but a good / creative variety to choose from. Yes, I do think the pizzas are a little pricey for what they are; but there's no harm in treating yourself to some delicious, non guilt inducing pizza once in a while! my favorite, is the simplest one on their menu - the margarita pizza with honey on the side. If you're looking for a non tomato based one, the wild mushroom pizza is great. Their pepperoni supreme is pretty good as well, though I thought the pure country one could definitely use a little more prosciutto on it. Their menu also includes sandwiches, calzones and salads - may be I'll get to those some day, but for now I'm sticking with the pizza!
5	Spot on. Pepperoni is on another level as well as there chorizo.  Fast preparation multiple options for anyone palate.
4	Very good pizza. We got the pepperoni with garlic and ham. It was good but we didn't ask for the garlic and it was a pretty overwhelming flavor. The mushroom and sausage pizza that we got was very good as well. The Market area is nice as well.
5	This place is amazing! Used the yelp app to score a 10 for 20 deal and man was it worth it! Organic Pizza dough and super fresh ingredients, made me wish i hadn't eaten pizza earlier in the day. Fear not they have amazing sandwiches! i got the THE SHROOMIN' KRUEGER Local mushrooms, Daiya cheese, tomato, onion, Lucky Leaf baby arugula & balsamic vinegar. WOW this sandwich was so good i had to share a bite with the wife which was nice because she then sheared her Grilled Cheese (4-cheese blend, Lucky Leaf baby arugula & secret sauce) and it was very very tasty. We also scored a free order of Garlic knots with our Yelp Check In making this the best meal of the day! I cant wait to go back and try the Pizza!
4	I thought that the pizza was very good and I really love the atmosphere of the market. I will be a long time customer here.
5	Pizza is subjective - typically the best pizza you have ever had is the one you grew up with...until now.This is the best pizza I ever had.  Lived in the northeast and had Italians and Greeks make pizza for me.  Been to Italy.  This is better.Get the spelt crust.  Get the margarita pizza, or anything else on the menu.  Get vino at the shop nearby an enjoy.
5	You know when people say 'Mellow Mushroomm is awesome!" and you think to yourself "Man their crust is so rough and heavy that it dominates the pizza" or "Their ingredients are pretty lackluster" or "It's such a rip off".Well you don't have to have those thoughts at Pure Pizza. I don't know how they do it, but their crust is wheaty, the perfect amount of salty, hearty, and SOFT. On the top at least. The bottom has a perfect amount of crusty crunch.I'm sure they calibrate their oven pretty regularly because this level of crust perfection is incredibly rare. I didn't want to oversell the place or "get involved" immediately but if you're the same sort of masochist and bite the plain crust before even getting into the sublime experience of the actual pizza like I did, you'll be happy.We had the pizza supreme. Absolutely incredible. The thinly sliced garlic was the coup de grace. Plus the market it's in was awesome. Definitely give it a try.
5	Great atmosphere and beer selection! Located in uptown charlotte inside the 7th street public market.  Awesome place to have some casual pizza, have a beer, relax and enjoy the rest of the market.
4	Great pizza and it's consistent. Love the specials and the honey that comes with the pizza for dipping the crust. They support local businesses so that's a bonus!!!
5	farm to table pizza is truly difficult to find, especially if you want gluten free.  This is the only pizza place I will go to in Charlotte.  Props for using quality ingredients!
3	nice setting in a collection of "artisan" type places...salad was good, pizza sprouted grains crust was ok, but not that different from say a whole wheat crust I've had other places....and they were skimpy on the toppings, which I never like so can't really go beyond three starsnext time might try the crepe place or the grilled cheese sandwich shop in the same setting here
5	SO delicious - the wild mushroom pizza is amazing. Love the thin crust and honey sauce
5	My son and I are in town for a football game (go Jackets!) and stopped in for dinner.  The T-Rex is simply one of the best pizzas we have ever had.  Super thin crust, fresh ingredients, and excellent pizza.  This would be my pizza joint if I lived in Charlotte.
4	Pretty good pizza!  A little pricey but bit tastes good.  The staff could be a bit friendlier... Maybe I've been spoiled coming from New York to the south where everyone seems super sweet... Maybe these folk ain't from around these parts.... But your pizza is good :-). Interesting toppings and suggested  styles.  But I love that they offer honey to dip the crust.  I wouldn't have thought that would work but it totally does.  Can't wait to try the next one
5	Quick and convenient, fresh and tasty, and served piping hot.  I ordered the wild mushroom pizza and while munching on it, watched a video about their local vendors.  It was nice touch for them to not only say "locally sourced" and "good for ya", but to film a visit to a mushroom grower in Locust, NC is pretty cool.  Yes, they are a little pricey, but dang, great food IS gonna cost some extra change.  Keep up the good work, Pure Pizza--you honor your name.
5	Short trip to CLT but got to check out 7th St Market.  We had dinner at Pure Pizza and it was great! We got the deconstructed pulled pork pizza and greek salad.  Salad was great, very fresh!  Pizza was also great and something out of the norm.  Definitely recommend this place!
4	I was going to be in town on business for a couple days and this time I took some time for me to actually explore a little more of Charlotte. Pure Pizza popped up on my radar and I knew I would have to try them out. Especially since they were in one of my favorite places: the 7th Street Public Market. I went for the Pesto Pizza. Typically when I'm trying a new pizza joint I go for the trusty margherita pizza to get a nice base line of what a shop can do, but I switched it up this time and was very glad I did. I paid for my pie, got my number and found a seat in the dining area. Not too long a wait before it was time for me to dig in.The pizza crust was crisp, but not charred. While I don't mind charred, but I know some pizza patrons do. Plenty of cheese & pesto drizzle to go around on each slice. If I ever make it back here with colleagues, I will definitely recommend getting several small pizzas so we can try a variety of flavors. I almost went back every day while I was in Charlotte, but I had to be fair and explore other options.
5	So it's has been a few weeks since my last Pure Pizza experience and I wanted more of it! We called ahead for pickup and ordered a larger half just cheese for the kids and half goat, feta, fresh mozzarella and bacon for me and the wife! Of course we ordered ten of the garlic knots how could we knot!  The pizza was amazing! So fresh and foldable, covered with toppings, soft flakey crust. Yum! The sauce tasted like it was homemade, the perfect balance of acid and flavor! We will be back for more!
5	The Bottom Line: This is the pizza you have been looking for.We ordered a pizza to go. The pizza box made it home but, um, the contents didn't. Not much more that I can add to that. Excellent!
5	What can I say? That's some good pizza. Definately a must if you're in the Seventh Street Public Market area. I am a huge fan of the Margarita Pizza.
5	My roommate and I found a groupon (still available) and we thought we would give it a try.  I was skeptical of the pizzas because they are not traditional in most ways.  Give them a try!  Pizza was amazing!  I only wish they had another location.  The 7th street Market closes around 7.  Other than that they were fantastic!
5	The fresh dough baked smoked wild salmon pizza is so delicious! Especially walked in raining day, stepped in a such flourishing place. A well roasted pizza is a well-blessed lunch! The garlic knots is also authentic!
