4	My husband, 6-year old, and I made it up to the top of Wind Cave, no problem.   Jen H.'s review was right on...it took us an hour and 35 minutes to go up, 40 minutes to get down.  We went sloooooow on the way up and took several water breaks.  It worked our muscles, but I wouldn't call it strenuous, at least not at the pace we went at.  With great views all along the way, we all enjoyed it very much.$6 per carload fee applies to enter Usery Park.
5	I have gone on the Wind Cave Trail in Usery Mountain (Mesa AZ) numerous times.  I have taken my wife, and mother, with me.  I have had no problems finding parking, and the trail is very good.  It is worth the drive East from the main Phoenix area.
4	This is a beautiful trail in a wonderful regional park.  Easy parking, running water bathrooms, and good signage.  Reading the reviews from those who bring families and dogs, I would agree that it's nice for everyone. Now I'll write from the point-of-view of the solo hiker. It's not the best trail for your workout if you go during peak times. The problem is that it is mostly single-track, so you are going to need to pull over, or have others pull over for passing.  Especially if you're running down....that was a total pain, trying to avoid dogs and families. Don't get me wrong - everyone was great, and accommodating (mostly) but it definitely makes for a much more challenging workout process.  If you're in workout mode, you'll make it up in about 40ish minutes, and down in 20ish.
4	Big fan of the trail! I wish I was closer. It is true that there are bees at the top. I am not quite sure what I was expecting when I reached the top...probably some amazing Disney like cinematics of blowing wind. Not to be found, but it was a great trail to run even with a run through the entire park first after refereeing rugby for a couple hours.  Many runners and families. If you are awful like reading trails (like myself) you may get lost as some people following me up found.  :( Luckily it's a well used trail and there are plenty of people to lead you in the right direction (just not me ;) ). $6 entrance fee to Usery mountain park.
5	I love this trail - it offers a good balance of ease and challenge without dangerous drop-offs, except for near the top of the trail where a sign warns you that travel beyond that point is not recommended -- it is best to heed what that sign says! The trail ascends to a respectable height - enough for a really grand view of much of the east Valley all the way to Phoenix, as well as the San Tan area to the south and the Fountain Hills area and the mountains beyond it to the north. In fact, the tall jet of water from the fountain of Fountain Hills can be seen from the higher part of the trail. Sonoran Desert vegetation abounds along the trail, and this is one of the best areas for viewing springtime blooming of desert wildflowers.
4	Pretty easy trail but you have to pay a vehicle fee to get in.  The view isn't as great as some of the other peaks closer to Phoenix, but it's nice to avoid the crowds once in a while.
5	My new favorite - just strenuous enough but just short enough that it doesn't take long. It's just a few miles off the freeway so very easy to get to. We went on a Saturday morning & parking was still easy.
4	It's a great trail, but very popular so if you want solitude don't go on the weekend. Still better than the crowds at Camelback. A good workout, especially the last bit where it is the steepest. This time we went past the cave and a little more towards the summit. Had to do a little rock wall climbing at one point. One of the better trails in the valley.
4	Good hike that gets straight to the point. Went on a holiday so it was pretty crowded. As others have mentioned, this is strenuous and I dont know that a younger child could make it all the way up. My 5 year old made it half the way up before we had to turn back. All in all, still worthwhile.
1	Riddled with rude hikers.  Saw 6 dogs off leash, nobody yields to uphill.
4	One of Phoenix's most underrated trails. The trail is smooth, the Wind Cave is a great place to rest and see animals, and there's even a bonus section if you're willing to take a little risk. Easily worth the $6 park entry fee, especially if you go early or in the middle of the week. Found a pretty good detailed break down of the trail here. http://www.fuistetravels.com/wanderings/windcavetrail
