3	I am a bit of a gym rat, and have high expectations for my gym. While as of late things are "improving" it is still a bit of a disappointment.The plus side...*The staff is very friendly.*My kids enjoy going.*Fees are reasonable.*If your a class person- it's a good place. There is a good selection of classes*Lots of cardio equipment- little variation though.*TV's on each piece of cardio equipment.The negatives...*If your a weight's person.. Equipment is limited.*When something is broken- it stay's that way for a long time! I have seen pieces down for a month at a time. There are no 5lb increments on the barbells.  For the longest time they had 1 set of 15lb dumbbells.*They like to play the same movie over and over again. One month the theater was down and "Indiana Jones and the Lost Arc" played for a month straight on the movie station! *There is 1 close grip attachment, and it isn't a standard close grip. (came with the low row and doesn't work well on the towers)Overall I am satisfied, but not ecstatic. I miss my Lifetime fitness. :(
4	I joined this gym after leaving Lifetime Fitness because it was too expensive.  But I've realized that Mountainside is just as expensive as Lifetime, just closer to my hose and without a pool.  I think the monthly fee for just me is $40 and then I also pay $25 a month for unlimited childcare.But I must say that I've liked the gym.  It has everything I need.  It's rarely too busy, which I like.  The child care center is nice and I like that you can watch the kids on the TV's that are all around the gym and on every single cardio machine.  I love that each machine has its own tv!  It makes doing cardio so much easier when I can watch and listen to whatever I choose.I don't like that you have to bring a lock.  It is just annoying when I forget it.  I also don't like that bathroom area.  There are no towels in there.
3	This location is one of the best run and most advanced gyms I have ever been to.  I've been a member of every major gym in the Phoenix area and Mountainside Fitness (the CC location specifically) was nicely sized with plenty to do for everybody.There are other locations (phoenix/scottsdale) that are completely tiny and worthless unless you like waiting for weights, benches, and even machines.
5	I was dying for a gym within 10 miles of here and finally got it.  It had almost everything, a great selection of classes, lots of cardio machines, ample free weights and weight machines, basketball court, rock wall, child care, hair salon, tanning, massage services, sauna & steam rooms in the locker rooms, I am probably missing something.  The only thing I think is missing is a lap pool.  This gym opened in Nov, 2008.  It's newer, well maintained and a great choice!
4	I have been a member of Mountainside for a little over a year now. I love the location! Its halfway between my house and work, which is perfect for me! I also love how all the cardio equipment has a TV on it! It makes the pain and little less! I feel like they are really clean and everything is up-to-date!The down side is that they are really expensive. I wish they had a pool to make everything worth while! I also wish they would leave the towels in the bathroom. Its a pain they keep them up front. Why do they even do that anyways? Also, my main concern is the times they have for their classes. I wish they would have a yoga, cycle or fitness class in the afternoon! All they have is from 9-10 to 4-6. Would it really be that hard to have a class twice a week between 12-3??
4	I've been hit and miss on coming here simply because of dedication. My wife and kids come literally everyday and always rave about the people and classes; (yoga), as well as her trainer. I have to admit that it's everything she says and more! I tried candle light yoga for the first time and truly enjoyed it. The staff has offered their helpful and friendly advice to guide me through.
4	I've been a member since Jan 2009. It's been a good place to go since it's close to where I work -- I can't go home without driving past the gym so...yeah...no excuses.  I have used almost every service available at the gym...seriously - yoga, massage, chiropractor, trainer, hair salon...YOGA - I LOVE LOVE LOVE their yoga classes. I have been to gentle yoga and the new HAPPY yoga class which is phenominal!  Instructors are Robbie and Jennifer are all I've experienced so far and I am more than happy!MASSAGE - I have use both therapists - Angie and Kim. Angie is amazing! She's helped me heal from a wicked fall I had off a table. Kim is also amazing - the only problem I have is that I cannot afford to go to them more often. Massage is only $55.00 for 60 minutes if you're a member.Chiroproactor - nice guy - just hard to maintain because it gets expensive. He did help me get through some back issues - I'd recommend himTrainers - Core Concept is tricky - I have had a trainer there for about 19 months. I've lost some weight, gotten stronger, feeling better. I have had some inconsistency with my schedule and it has been hard to work with the "manager" of the Core Concepts. I would recommend meeting the trainers yourself and talking to them to see if you like them and if they can fit you in their schedule - less frustrating. It's pretty expensive but I need the motivation. I most likely will not renew again but they're helpful to get you started. I LOVE my trainer I just got. Melanie is AMAZING!Hair - They have a hair salon-- the owner is nice but he seemed to be chatting more with people passing by then with me when I was getting my hair done. Got a cut and color - it was kinda pricey and I didn't like the haircut - he didn't really listen to what I wanted.Overall, I'd recommend the place if you can afford it - it's got a great daycare - like most of the staff. Management and sales people are nice when they sign you up - otherwise, you're not really on their radar.
5	We have been members here for about 2 years. They offer so many diverse classes that you have to print out two calendars! I really enjoy Yoga, Spin and Kick Boxing so there are tons of classes and times to choose from! The locker rooms and showers are super clean! All of the equipment seems to be well maintained too. That was one of the reasons we cancelled our last gym membership.If you have a family, this is the perfect place for you! Awesome daycare. We utilized it for our grandchild that came to visit and we're very happy with the cost and care. You definitely get your monies worth from this gym! Occasionally the steam room needs to be maintenanced, but what do you expect when it is used everyday of the year! LOL!Thanks Mountainside!
5	I signed up here on March 2, 2012. I have been everyday except Friday, Sats and Suns since. I LOVE THIS PLACE! I hate the way I am so out of shape and how I am reminded of this every time I walk in, but by the time I walk out, I realize, that I am getting IN shape and that makes me love Mountainside. The gym is clean, the place is NEVER so busy that there aren't any machines or equipment available. The trainers are all really great. They build quick rapports with their clients and you feel good when you walk out knowing you got a GREAT workout in. The Ladies locker room and sauna are magnificent. The fees were reasonable and my husband joined with me at the same time so we saved quite a bit. Mountainside is doing the health business just right. Eli and Chris are great trainers, motivators, and fair guys. I highly recommend them for your first understanding of what training will consist of. Troy was our advisor who signed us up and he was really friendly and attentive to our discussion. I was worried about the kids aspect, but to be honest, not a problem at all. Right on Mountainside. Finally a Gym I can walk into and feel at home. I will continue my 4days a week for the next 6 months and when I jump into that size 4 bikini this summer, I am making sure to give Mountainside all the credit!
1	I joined on a month-to-month plan in July, 2012.  The gym is pretty good, no real complaints about the facility or staff.  In September, they hit me with a $25 "enhancement fee" out of the blue.  The claim from corporate billing was that this is in the contract.  I don't remember anything about it, and I'm completely sure it was never pointed out by the guy that signed me up.So, they get $25 and lose the $40 a month I was paying for membership.  Good for them.  I don't do business that way, and I won't do business with anyone who does if I can help it.
5	I joined Mountainside when they opened and fell in love with this gym.  Before we moved away, I was at the gym 5-6x/week and I LOVED the gym, the amenities, the equipment, the friendliness of the people that worked there.I moved from Phoenix to Minneapolis in 2011, and since moving here, I've belonged to the YMCA, a Lifetime Fitness, and now I go to Snap Fitness.  None of them remotely compare to what I all got from my Mountainside membership.  I was truly spoiled.  Thanks a lot, Mountainside, for making other gyms look so bad. :)Personally, I think you should expand to the Twin Cities area. I'll let you know what area I live in so I can sign up again...
5	The woman who helped us was very respectful, informative, and made our child feel right at home! Its a beautiful, clean facility! I plan on being a member as long as possible.They have everything here!!! A rock wall, salon, classes, nutrition station, physical therapy! I can't believe we didn't switch sooner!We cancelled our LA fitness membership because of a bad experience with a manager threatening that someone may throw our child. I recommend MountainSides kid zone to any moms and dads that are looking for a great safe place for your children.
3	I have been a member at Mountainside for almost 3 years and have complained about the same thing for the entire time....the music sucks so bad! I love this gym and all my friends go there and we absolutely LOVE our trainer Mark Olson!  But they play Adel, James Blunt and other slow, depressing music. I love Adel and James Blunt, but not to work out to!  Because I work with a trainer and read my iPad while I'm on cardio, I can't use my iPod to drown out the music. So...their music sucks.  I love the employees and the daycare is awesome. Love the activities for kids.  Love OSR being on site for my semi-frequent strains. Love the equipment.  It's rarely out of order.   I love the snack bar but would love to see a juicer!  A juice bar would be awesome!  Fix the dang music and you would almost be perfect.
1	This gym has the MOST incompetent staff of any gym in Phoenix!! The front desk people are incredibly snotty and most of the patrons are trophy wives that have no consideration for others. After 4 weeks of going to this gym I became fed up with the staff and customers and spent the next 3 MONTHS cancelling my membership! I had to go to the district manager of the company to finally get my membership cancelled and my money refunded. even then she never acknowledged or bothered to apologies for the mess. I was literally 10 minutes away from calling the American Express fraud department to get my money back from these people and kill off the reoccurring payments. DO NOT COME HERE!!!!!
2	Scottsdale Mountainside has it down when it comes to customer service, towels and keys. Scottsdale also has a cabinet that keeps your keys by number at front desk, try it. Also, stuck up staff is not a good look.
