4	I laugh at the DaVinci Code. They have nothing. Nothing I say. On me. I have decoded TJ Maxx. Yes shoppers, if you look closely at the T and the J....you can clearly see they stand for Thanks Jesus. Yes. Thanks Jesus. TJ. Oh the Maxx part? Well Thanks Jesus 2 the Maxx! Duh! My fave of the Ross Dress for Less Fortunate type stores. TJ Maxx! Say it aloud, it's quite spiritual. TJ Maxx has some good stuff. I say amen! I say charge it! The mens' clothing section is pretty boring, run of the mill crap from the Greg Norman collection. Occasionally you can score some hottie 2xist undies. But the real gospel. Is found in housewares. TONS of great stuff from vases, sculptures, wine glasses, Calphalon, little boxes you have no use for but they're so darn cute you just have to buy them and find space on some random shelf or dresser at home....TJ...Thanks Jesus. Now, big guy, if you could just do something with my debt....
3	Like a good little college student, I got an internship whilest in Arizona. Unfortunately, my wardrobe looks like a little boys, shorts and baseball tees, so I desperately needed to get some new clothes. And thanks to my aunts, I had two gift cards to TJ Maxx so alas I ended up here. The selection wasn't good, everything was strewn about like I was in a teenage boy's room, and the fitting rooms weren't well kept. I walked out with one outfit and a bit of a headache. I won't be returning here any time soon.
5	I love TJ Maxx!! I wish there was one in Alaska.It's nice to be able to buy some brand name clothes at a lesser price. I would rather spend $100 on a bunch of clothes rather than $100 on only a few items. That is were TJ Maxx comes in :-)The lady helping in the dressing room seemed a little cranky and irritated at the customers. I could just say it was cause she was older than what you would normally see in a department store but it wasn't. The customers kept bringing out the clothes all mixed match and hangers missing so she had to go grab them from the room. I'm sure thiscan get very annoying after awhile but she should definately just grin and bear it or asked to be moved to a different section. It made it quite uncomfortable for me and was scared to give her back the clothing I didn't want. Other than that i really enjoyed this department store!!
4	Big fan of this TJ Maxx... but then again, there arent many bargain stores with designer names I am not a fan of. You have to be a patient shopper (or a regular) to get what you want/need outta here. Great womens selection (clothes and shoes). Havent seen Men's shoes in the store unless I missed them somewhere.
4	Love this place for home furnishings!!!! You make your home look like a designers homes with the great furnishings being sold:) The clothes are horrible though. I can't find anything my size much of the time. I'm a large, but the "large size" doesnt fit me well there. I think its because they brings in clothes that is a petite large or just completely out of style. Not a fashionista style at all!!! Otherwise this a great place to shop at for everything else.
4	TJ Maxx has been around for 45 years, so they must be doing something right! They carry items that seem destined for Macy's but never make the cut. The categories are similar to any department store: clothing , jewelry, housewares, and home decor. With items are marked down just enough that you have to buy it and make it work. The parent company also owns Marshall's so there is a strong similarity product-wise.Over the years,I have purchased a couple ties, some sheet sets, some kitchen gadgets and spice blends from the gourmet section. Their clothing is not great, but occasionally you can find a pair of non bedazzled jeans or a Calvin Klein dress shirt that will do the trick.There is an interesting electronics cart, with gadgets crammed into damaged packaging making them an impossible gift, but otherwisethe proximity to Petsmart and Sprouts market is unparallelled in the category of random Wednesday shopping.
1	I love TJ Maxx but after my wife stepped on a piece of glass and was bleeding through her sandal I was disappointed . There was glass all over the ground by the candles.  I understand accidents happen ok. But, we went in 2 weeks later and saw glass all over the floor AGAIN.  We did are shopping and we looked back before we left and it was still there just swept to the side.  WOW!
4	Wow, this store ranks high in cleanliness, organization and product. I found a new rechargeable Ipod speaker that I'll be tethering to my bike, a fancy casserole dish that was used for a post Thanksgiving brunch chorizo con papas dish and lots and lots of other great stuff. That same rechargeable speaker was on Target's shelf for $30 but I got it for $16. They also had plenty of my favorite Calvin Klein undies in stock but unfortunately not one pack in my size and there is no way I'm squeezing my frank & buns into a size 32. Macy's sells those same skivvies for $24 but I can score two packs at that price. Oh yeah I'll be back.
4	I love TJ-MAXX this location is actually one of the better ones but the Paradise Valley location is still my favorite!This is a great place to come for a last minuet affordable outfit. You can get everything for your night out. A dress, heels, jewelry, handbag even new shampoo to get your hair looking fresh and clean!I do love the fact they have a beauty section here, its nice to know I can find those expensive products I never buy for myself here at a reasonable price. Its right next to the jewelry section though so have some self control! When it comes to the fashion here its a little harder to have as much control because they always have the latest styles in fashion and they make sure to keep it clean and tidy so you can actually enjoy your shopping experience. This is also an awesome place to come to find house warming gifts for those friends you love, or just to spice up your own living space! I swear my last house was fully decorated thanks to TJ-MAXX! Majority of the time the staff  at all locations are very friendly and helpful, I've only ever had one experience with an older lady working at the dressing room that had a very unpleasant disposition... I haven't seen her again and I hope I never do.  All in all keep it up TJ-MAXX!
3	The store did not open at the posted time
4	Are you looking for a bargain on a purse? Are you looking for a quick gift? New sheets and towels? Kids clothes? This is the place to check out!!!
3	Not bad if you are looking for bargain products.  Some of the items have some flaw in it so you get what you pay for.  Okay location right next to Sprouts & Pet Smart in Old Town Scottsdale.
5	This is literally the best TJ maxx I have been to. Greatest selection, best brands, I went here 3 times in 2 days when I was on vacation. I bought so much stuff. So happy with my purchases. Amazing purse selection
4	Yes you can find a great deal on clothes & shoes.  But what makes me love TJ Maxx the most, is actually their food section. They have lots of gourmet treats including chocolates, baking mixes, oils, spices and even greens powders. My next favorite thing is their beauty section with body washes, hair styling aids, nail polish & makeup. If you see something you like, grab it bc it prob won't be there the next day. That's what happened to me!
1	First of all I never write reviews. I purchased a Yankee Candle from this location. The candle's wick was too close to the glass causing the candle to blow up and the glass to shatter. I took it back to the store and the store manager Rick refused to offer a refund or even a partial refund. Good prices are not worth it if T J Maxx refuses to stand behind what they sell.
3	I feel like I would have better luck shopping at finding things on the floor than on the shelf it's like all of the stuff was just thrown everywhere and wherever it landed it landed I guess I'm just not used to shopping at these kind of places but I would probably not recommend it
3	It is similar to Ross except much neater and cleaner.Availability of staff also much better. Check out also more pleasant. I either go with someone who is shopping there or picking up someone who ca't get to the store.I don't see the value but thousands appear to disagree.
4	This is a surprisingly good TJ Maxx store... especially since they remodeled it in the last year or so. Sometimes when you hear the ads saying "name brand clothing" you wonder if they really mean names that you've heard of, but this store actually has them and is not just slapping labels with fake Italian designer names on cheap Chinese-made products. Whether you're looking for clothing, accessories, gifts, or household items, swing by TJ Maxx and see what they have in stock, you might be surprised.
