4	Really a 3 and half.  It's pizza, it's Phoenix.  And they deliver.  Still, the best pizza I've had in Arizona.  Coming from NY, I had to force myself to give it this rating.  Back east, it would get 2 stars at best.
5	Seriously, this is some of the best pizza I've had in my LIFE.  The crust is puffy and chewy around the entire perimeter...it thins out right under the pizza allowing you to not fill up entirely on crust!  They also have the best hot wings in town...it's all in the sauce...and I'm crazy about it.  They serve these wings in a bowl and it generally comes with a decent amount of extra sauce at the bottom for a spicer wing.  We've requested our wings "swimming" before and boy were they!  Actually I have to be honest...that time "swimming" was a little too much sauce. This is a special treat for me.  Give me a small pizza to share, an order of wings, and two 1/2 pitchers of beer (cause you can't order a full pitcher WTF?!?)...I'm set! Seriously...my mouth waters every time I talk or in this case write about Barro's.  One thing to mention...this is NOT a nice place at all.  It's pretty dumpy, but fun on a Saturday or Sunday when you aren't looking for any glitz or glam.
5	I grew up going to this Barro's. Granted, it is not the COOLEST looking pizza place ever, but it is by far the best. All the Barro's locations across the valley have amazing pizza!They have lots of tables and booths; perfect for family pizza parties. They have TV's, normally with sports kicking.. and a play area for kids with a ball pit and video games. Thick, yummy crust and flavorful cheese. I love to dunk it in the mild wing sauce!Anyways, Barro's has the best pizza in Arizona, its is really reasonably priced and locations all over... so try them out. You wont regret it!
5	I love Barros! Their pizza is awesome, love the dough and they use quality stuff to top it. Their wings are my favorite, that perfect balance of crunchy and smothery. Even their sandwiches are good, lots of stuff in them and I love that they use the shredded mozzarella cheese. We order from them more often than I would care to admit and they are probably the most consistent pizza place I have found. They are not the cheapest around, but I am a believer in that whole "get what you pay for" philosophy. They seem to have really good luck with the drivers, they are always cool.  I hate when the person dropping off your food looks like they should be in an anti-drug ad so I give them points for not letting that aspect slide over time. All in all damn good for a pizza night at home!
3	this location is kinda dumpy and seems dirty. it really isn't dirty per-se, just outdated, run down, and therefore gives a dirty vibe. the pizza is always good, but generally the lunch pizza could be warmer. wings are good too. salad bar is low quality. the 3 stars i awarded are really for the pizza, because if you only order that you'll probably be satisfied. and $4 even for 2 slices and a drink (including tax!) should i really have a right to complain about the outdated facility? probably not.
4	Like Heaven on Earth! The most terrific pizza ever and their lunch specials are the best in town. This really is my favorite pizza because they have the best sauce and semi-thick crust. I only wish they had more locations, especially one by me in the northeast valley.
4	There used to be a time when neighborhood pizza shops outnumbered the chains, but it seems that's reversed. So last night, when my four-year-old said he wanted pizza at a place where we ate there (as opposed to take-out), I was stumped. Then, while driving near our house, we passed Barro's. From the outside, it barely looked open due to the poor lighting, and it definitely looked like a neighborhood "dive," so I was hoping for something yummy.This is a no-frills pizza joint, to be sure. When we walked in and were greeted by high school/college gals, I told them we wanted to eat there. I was educated on their process: order at the counter, sit down, and your pizza is brought over. Okay, no problem.Barro's has pizza sizes ranging from mini to extra-large, which immediately made me happy. My son likes cheese only (he's four), and I like a little more variety, so I ordered a mini cheese for him, a small for me with tomatoes, olives, and mushrooms, and a couple of drinks. We then sat down to await the yumminess.I could tell that many of the patrons were regulars. For a Saturday night, it was pretty dead, and most of the folks eating in were either families or couples. Mostly old-style booths with serve-yourself everything, the love here goes into the food and service. Our pizza arrived pretty quickly, and while my son waited for his to cool, I dug in.I have one word: delicious! Doughy, soft crust, just the right amount of toppings, and a wonderful taste greeted me. Topped with some Parmesan and chili flakes, it was amazing. My son ate a whole piece as well, which is rare for him. For my part, I polished off half of my six-piece pie.After the meal, we visited the ice cream machine, where my son picked a Neapolitan ice cream sandwich, which we enjoyed there before heading home.I will be visiting Barro's more often. It's now my neighborhood go-to pizza joint.
4	I like Barro's Pizza.  They offer really fast service (take out) and good service in restaurant.  Their pizza is a good sturdy kind, lots of crust, plenty of sauce and fresh items.  Not 100% original, but if you like combination or pepperoni and sausage, they do a decent job of it.  Price wise, they are fair market.  You can download a reusable coupon from their website and get a large pizza (any kind of specialty) for $12.99.  This beats the competition, and frankly, is worth the inexpensive dining-in experience.  Good for families and large groups.  Call ahead and typically pick up your pizza on time -- two thumbs up!  Beware of Friday nights during Football season -- the line is very long, and often you have to wait to pick up your pizza.  Oh yes, good hot wings and cheesy bread.
5	Been eating here for a few years now and doesn't get old! Love this place it's great food. Their lunch specials are filling, cheap and delicious! Beats major chain pizza any day. Plus their TVs usually have sport on :) - I always get the number 3.
4	Yummy Barro's goodness as always.  Great Barro's price (check out online for more discounts)Staff has personality, always a plus.
5	I can only comment on the food and delivery here, since I haven't been inside this particular location. The delivery was fast (under 30 min) and everything was just as I ordered. The pizza was hot and really quite delicious. Soft crust and the perfect ratio of cheese and sauce. I also had a salad that was fresh, crisp, and had lots of toppings (crunchy croutons, chopped onions, finely sliced mushrooms, fresh green peppers and cold dressing on the side). It all really hit the spot and I was impressed by every aspect! I recommend giving it a try for the quality and freshness.
4	Some of the best pizza and bread sticks I have ever had.  Better to take it out or have it delivered.  The atmosphere is rough and the salad bar was an afterthought.  But I could eat that pizza again.
3	Do yourself a favor and have your pizza delivered. The location is sketchy at best, but they have decent pizza and excellent prices.  Barro's doesn't skimp on sauce or toppings.  The cheese bread sticks are awesome, as are the dessert bread sticks....so I have been told. ;)  Delivery is quick and they get the order right.  That makes Barro's A-OK with me!
3	Watch out people, stand back, there is a compliment coming. This pizza is not bad. It is not NY style pizza, the crust is way too thick and puffy for that. It is just a pizza, but the flavor of the sauce and the sweet, slightly creamy texture of the cheese, make this an okay pizza. It is better than the Streets of NY or NYPD, which try to be something they are not. I don't think Barros pretends to be anything but a pizzeria, making their own pizza. For that I applaud them as well as for the pretty good pie I had. Thanks Barros, I might be back.
4	I am only reviewing this location as the other locations are hit and miss. The one on Tatum and Dynamite was bad both times we went there. So, I go out of my way for this Barro's Pizza. The decor is similar to all locations. Very drab and not very comfortable. But, we are talking about a pizza joint, so they will get a pass on the decor. I had a mini Hawaiian pizza on my last trip and was delicious! The crust was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The sauce was tasty and the perfect amount. I ate every bit of it with no crust leftovers. That was how outstanding it was. I am surprised that the consistency between locations is such a wild swing from outstanding to mediocre at best. The owner should look into that.
3	This is a great alternative to national chains. Great pizza at a great price and usually a coupon is readily available. This location is no frills and the salad bar is basically extra pizza toppings. Yet its always clean and the staff is normally friendly even when phone swamped. Barros won't knock your socks off but it always has great, wallet friendly pizza pie.
1	Incredibly rude, and terrible customer service.  I have ordered from this location twice, both times the service has been shockingly bad.  From the delivery guy who brought me my pizza, to the main reason why I writing this review, the lady who took my order over the phone.  I was appalled at the low level of her customer service and impatience that she had with me and taking my order.  I was a loyal customer until this happened again...change your attitude Barro's, I'm not the only one who feels this way.  I guess taking orders over the phone to make money is a really stressful job.
5	I feel like a cheap whore giving a place like Barro's Pizza five stars. Shouldn't those be reserved for such esteemed places like Cibo or Pizzeria Bianco? Eh, whatev.  The pizza here is delicious, they are way inexpensive, and you get very full, very quickly. The interior of this location is kinda dingy, but clean, so I don't mind sitting on the same booth that has been there since 1986 (or whenever the place opened).  The pizza is what I'm looking for when I want a good, hearty, slice of pie.  Try the Kona, you won't be sorry.
5	I love it when you call a business and the person on the other end is enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the product.  Her input for adding the jalepano's to the Meatza pie made our pizza *SiNg*.  Pizza arrived in the 45 min I was told, hot, and the driver was friendly and mindful not to let our dog out!!  If your looking for a slew of toppings, some tasty side's - like hot wings with and without the bones, at a reasonable price - this location is it!
4	This is my favorite delivery pizza! Every pizza has been a success!
2	I was a regular for the $10.99 one topping.  Now the deals off and the last time I ordered they delivered an original crust instead of thin(my usual).  That was my last time unless the price goes back down.  Decent pizza for 10.99.....over priced at $14
5	I can only give this venue "5" fabulous stars. I grew up on Barro's Pizza and this particular location was one of my regularly top spots. It is amazing how the quality of this pizza after so many years has NEVER changed. It is amazing watching this company grow throughout the valley. Locations all over.You want thick pizza with a special sweet sauce that treats the taste buds. This is the place. I had a late night craving and brought a friend of mine from Boston to give it a try. Now as I mentioned she is from Boston and knows great pizza. Since you can find pizza joints at almost any corner. We split a medium pizza and 12 Honey Hot Wings. She was in love. Barro's cooks their food fresh. You can tell only fresh ingredients are used because the quality of the pizza is amazing. The level of customer service is top notch as well. One of the managers who has worked there for years is very friendly not only to his patrons but his staff.Barro's has daily specials. You can go in for lunch and grab a slice with a drink. They also have a salad bar. This is a great location to take a team after a sporting game because it is inexpensive and taste great.
3	Pizza was reasonably priced and okay tasting.  It is nice to try somewhere exclusive to AZ.  The restaurant itself is nothing to look at but I'd likely go here again.
3	I'm sorry,  but the fact is that the smell of sewer permeating the dining area is just to much to say we had a pleasant first experience here.   The pizza may be good but the smell put a damper of the excellent pizza & wings we ordered.  The wings were your standard hot wing and the meat was a bit tough; and I'm not sure why that is.  I guess I'd order them again and see if it was just that particular batch.  I would order to-go till they have that whole hellishous fragrance problem under control.  The young lady taking our order must have taken offense when asked about it and replied with slight attitude,  I can overlook that slip since she must hear it a million times a day, and the fact she herself has to work in it.  But a simple "the owner is in the process of fixing it, and this is not normally the case"; goes a long way.  In her defense, she warmed up once the subject was dropped.  We'll be back and try again in a few weeks perhaps.  Our order consisted of a small double pepperoni pizza,  a medium Barro's special, 24-wings, and a few beers.  Both pizza's had a wonderful crust and plenty of toppings.  I don't know how a feel about the Pizza Hut like diced onions and I'd frankly rather they'd been slices, but I guess different can be good sometimes, and that's minor.  I look forward to trying some of the other pizza combinations once a more appetizing scent exists.  They would be probably earn 4 solid stars at that point in my opinion.
4	I love their gluten free pizza crust! They also have really yummy hot wings. I wish their prices were a little bit less, but I guess it is worth it. :)
5	I've been a fan of Barro's since I was a kid...better than most national chains, great place specials for lunch, delicious wings, a pretty decent gluten free pizza for a decent price. Service is always friendly; Been a fan for 20 plus years and plan to be a fan for 20 plus more.
4	I usually always get delivery from here & it's very reliable hot & fresh. I ordered for pick up tonight & the staff was very friendly & my pizza tasted great the place was clean.
3	Food was great, and the staff friendly!!  however,  there was a bad odor inside and apparently according to this repeat customer I briefly chatted with, he says that smell has always been there.  I'll definitely go there again, just won't dine in.
1	I love Barro's Pizza although I had never been to this location before. A previous reviewer commented on the bad smell and, unfortunately, the intensity of that smell was understated. It was so bad that I found myself gagging after we walked in and we had to leave. There is clearly a mold or sewer problem that needs to be addressed.
1	I am completely dissatisfied with with this location .. we order a pizza at least 5 times a week always the same ... until 1 came that was absolutely gross and non edible when we called we were told that there was nothing they could do or would do to make it right.... therfore we will not order from them or barros ever again
2	I'm a big fan of Barros so it sucks that i have to give this particular Barros such low marks. We went in and wow the place was just so asteticly unpleasing... The Barros in Maricopa is 10x more comfortable. The quality of the pizza was sub par. All the pizzas were slightly burned and covered in grease. Lastly there were flies buzzing about. When my friend pointed it out to the waitress she seemed very smug as she asked him, "what should we do about it?" Put up some fly paper, clean the place out. Very unprofessional. Big dissapointed compared to the other locations around the valley.
4	Barro's! My 2nd favorite pizza place in PHX only trumped by Fatso's. You know what Barro's has that Fatso's doesn't though?...better prices. Barro's pizza is just delicious all around. I've always had the most pleasant customer service at this location. The employees are polite and friendly!
