4	Brunch tastes better somehow on a holiday and  while the term "dejuener" doesn't quite do justice to a real weekend brunch, the dejuener menu it was that I asked for when I walked into this cute little place on St Paul, tucked safely away from the tourist enclave. The weekend begins rather late in Montreal, it was somewhat past the 9 am hour and there was just one lone traveller studying his maps over a simple bagel dejuener (okay I do like showing off my diminutive French vocabulary ;)I on the other hand, shamelessly ordered it all - French toast with some real maple syrup - none of the healthy, watery kind for me (the real deal costs a buck extra - a bit of a head scratcher).  And there was plenty of both, along with some fantastic, piping hot breakfast potatoes, a couple of slices of fruit and a steaming hot cafe du jour. I enjoyed a wonderful breakfast in a deliciously quiet environ, looking out at the artificial greenery draping the walls and ceilings with just some brief but friendly chatter with my hostess that didn't divert my attention from the awesome food!Loved Cafe St Paul and highly recommend this for a casual, low key, inexpensive brunch option in Old Montreal
2	We went here out of desperation when so much else was closed and the hotel food was predictably bad.  The coffee was lackluster and the food choices were not that interesting.  There wasn't much that was edible for a vegetarian.  They had set menus for breakfast and even though one included a croissant, you couldn't order a croissant a la carte. I would think that a croissant would be a staple but I guess not.  The english muffin I got instead was small and tasted like it was from the grocery store.  Mostly tourists ate here and we did too but only out of desperation.  I must find better options so I don't have to eat disappointing food like this again.
4	We got to Old Montreal and it was one of the first places we came across- it was small, yet inviting and crowded (good sign!). They offered us the breakfast and lunch menu, which was good, because at that moment I couldn't decide.In response to the below review, I have to defend this place- Montreal in general, isn't really vegetarian friendly. What with all the smoked meat and fois gras the city's famous for all over the city, so to expect that from a small little cafe I think is a little unfair. Anyway.  I had the eggs bene, hubby had poutine with gravy and smoked meat. Yay, hangover food! :) My bene was good, but hubby's poutine was VERY good. I kept picking at it while he was chewing- yummy!Coffee was strong, service was good- friendly waitress who was running around doing a fine job taking care of everyone in her section. It was very busy but she didn't stop- she had to bus her own tables too which, as a former waitress I can tell you, is really hard.
5	I am giving this place a five, not because the food is so fantastic, but because it is the best place to get breakfast in the old city. Unfortunately this is not a difficult achievement because most French do not crawl out of bed until 11am so they do even know what breakfast is. Therefore, 95% of Quebecois eateries that pretend to serve breakfast suck so bad it hurts. I went to one crepe place twice during standard hours and it was closed both times and had no hours posted in the window--that's how bad it is.Cafe St. Paul is sort of the exception. The are open during breakfast hours (a freakin miracle) and they have a grille (mon dieu! what is a greel?).The cooking is quite competent. They serve all the standard breakfast faire and it is well-executed. It is amazing that it is French owned and operated. Normally you would have to import Americans to pull off such a feat in Montreal.Service is polite and friendly. Decor is plastic plants, linoleum and laminates.
4	Great little place to eat breakfast. Cheap prices and a nice ambiance.
1	No longer there.  Now an Indian restaurante
