4	America does a lot of things better than Britain. I could list the many ways in which this is true, but the most important one is this:American Vogue. I am pretty much Carrie Bradshaw in my love for Vogue, the only difference is the shoe collection, the apartment in NYC and Mr Big. So I was mega happy to discover International Newsagents which sells newspapers and magazines from around the world. My Dad likes to pick up  a New York Times here when he is in Edinburgh. I guess it's primary purpose is to provide all the tourists with their local news while on holiday. But it's great for the locals who need their fix of New York Magazine or US Magazine.  I was browsing through People magazine (I know, I know) and put it back a little squint and the shop assistant came running over and lined it up again with the other magazines. Hello OCD...
4	As the name suggests this store stocks a whole bunch of newspaper from all over the world and I've been known to pop in for a copy of Die Zeit or Die Welt now and again so I can keep up with German current affairs even if I only read a couple of pages and then get bored - it still counts as studying.I also like browsing all the other papers and magazines to see what's happening around the world, and the fashion magazines are awesome even if flicking through the pictures makes me a little depressed at all the fabulous clothes that I just can't afford. I can still look though. The store is immaculate and everything is very well organised it can get quite cramped though - I guess people just really enjoy their international newspapers in this part of town. There's always plenty of businessmen in long canvas coats strolling out with a broadsheet tucked under their arm while they swing their briefcase back and forth.
5	I'm awarding another star as when I walked past the other day I realised that they have an absolutely hilarious oddball wall of bagpipe playing dolls in the window, the whole side window is full of boxes of the exact same doll which is a little creepy but funny none the less. I'm not sure why they have such a surplus of these doll as I'm not sure who on earth would buy them? For the giggles it definitely deserves another star.
4	I study languages at uni, so this place has long been a friend of mine. The amount of times I've had some newspaper-article based assignment, I should have bought shares in this little shop. It's pretty much the only place I've been able to find that always has spanish newspapers in stock... and a choice of more than one. And even if I did find another place, the guy who always seem to be working in here whenever I go has such good chat that I couldn't bring myself to cheat on his shop.I'm guessing from the fact that it's on the Royal Mile that it caters for homesick tourists. Personally, when I'm on holiday I relish the chance to be able to cut all ties with real life for a few weeks and forget what's going on at home, but each to their own I guess.
5	Whilst I think we're perhaps getting a bit carried away about International Newsagents, as it is after all, just a well stocked paper shop, it's still worth four stars in my book as since Borders closed, there's periodicals for sale in here that to the best of my knowledge, can't be found elsewhere in town.Be it The New York Times, Berliner Morgenpost, or oddly enough, The Shetland Gazette or whatever the hicks call it, if it's news based and not from these shores this is your best bet in town to find it.Providing an excellent service then, but still makes me miss the glorious Borders. It's only really worth a four, but like Eleanor I too witnessed the window full of pipers, and that little touch of eccentricity wins the day for the International Newsagents.
4	Like many other locals I visited International Newsagents to pick up a foreign language paper to assist with foreign language lessons. I was later inspired to give up these lessons so maybe I picked up the wrong paper.International Newsagents is smack bang in the centre of Edinburgh on the Royal Mile, making it a very convenient location for incomers, tourists and spies to indulge their homesickness or catch up on the latest happenings. Essentially International Newsagents is just a newsagents specialising in selling a great stock of papers, magazines and periodicals from all over the world. In this it does a good job. To manage this, it cuts all the usual sort of trash you might find in a newsagents. Beyond this it might not be anything special. But it does its job and provides a very useful service with no complaints.
3	I agree with Gavin - this is a normal newsagents that also stocks international publications.  Nothing to get amazingly excited about, except perhaps if you are wanting to know the news from your homeland, or trying to learn a foreign language.  It's not limited to only newspapers - there are magazines and others as well.  A veritable plethora of worldwide press.Apart from this, it's just a normal newsagents with the standard range of snacks, drinks and the like.  With a location like this on the Royal Mile though, they will get a lot of business from tourists and residents buying the foreign media.  I can't think of another place in Edinburgh that stocks the same sorts of things.
4	International Newsagents is a good place to make a pit stop for water or for a packet of crisps, but its main purpose is to provide the people of Edinburgh with international news.With its wide selection of magazines and newspapers from across the globe, it's probably one of the only places in town you can pick up a newspaper from your hometown (if you're not from Edinburgh). They have everything, from the Washington Post to French newspapers (that I couldn't read or tell ya about, because my French is regrettably shameful). Le sigh! so even if I can't understand what the French paper said, someone who is here on business or indeed lives here will very much appreciate being able to pick up the latest scoop from back home. And, like Eleanor, the army of bagpipe playing dolls displayed in the window dolls did invoke a giggle or two!
1	This place has been on the Royal Mile for years and 20 years ago I used stop in here occasionally in the vain hope that there would be an Australian paper for sale.  The internet has dispelled the need for that, but I still thought this was a good newsagent.  Until recently...My wife and I just moved back to Edinburgh and while walking down the Royal Mile, we stopped in here especially to buy the "The Lists Eating & Drinking Guide".  We scanned the crammed magazine racks and when my wife saw it and lifted off the shelf, just as she started to open it,  the guy behind the counter yelled across the shop: "We don't allow people to look through The List!".  I tried to say something about this being the special 6 quid guide, not the bi-weekly etc... "I know, we don't allow people looking through it".  Now I understand he probably has people run in, check a listing in the bi-weekly and then leave without buying it, but I am not going to spend 6 pounds on a magazine without at flipping through it. "Fine, we'll buy it somewhere else" says I, as I put it back on the shelf.  He was even so rude as to tell us to "try the library next time".  So, he just lost two customers who buy a  lot  of magazines (too many).Only go here if you are really desperate for a foreign paper or magazine.  Otherwise, get your foreign news fix off the internet.Those looking for a good selection of domestic magazines, there is an better selection at a newsagent in the St James Centre
5	As a tourist was amazed to see news from my hometown , which is 5000 odd miles away,a well kept ,tidy and well stocked busy shop in the main tourist area of bustling Edinburgh a true delight ,
