1	Pure Fitness as a whole I like. No contracts, the people going there are actually there to work out and not to be seen, (ex. LA Fitness). Plus you get complimentary training sessions. However, this location I will NEVER return to and its all because of their new GM Adam. I had a free pass and he was the one that I had been assigned to for my fitness test and 1st training session. I had already explained that I planned to join but he wouldn't stop the full court press of selling which I didnt like at all. I wanted to use my weeks free pass THEN join. He wanted me to give him money right then and there when he hadnt so much as given me a tour yet! Anyway, I told him I wanted to wait and then he starts asking when I get paid, is it a money situation, etc..if made me VERY uncomfortable. I went ahead with the training session and he knew in advance that Im not inactive but going to the gym is not something Ive done on a consistent basis in a very long time. Now I enjoyed the workout but from what others have told me..he pushed me way to hard for my first time out of the gate. My arms weren't sore, I know sore, Im okay with sore but they became weak for FIVE days, that I had trouble sleeping they had that irritable and restless feeling, and it hurt to use a freakin' date stamp at work! But the reason Im not going back..I was surfing them online and saw how easy it was to sign up online so I did. That way I wouldnt have to worry about remembering voided checks etc.  Well I called Adam to let him know and he went off on me.. just short of yelling. "Great, now I lose the commission the gym loses the points.. you can understand why Im upset right." and he went on for about 5 minutes. I was stunned at how unprofessional he was and he's the GM??? If they work on commission they should give you a heads up "hey I know its easy to sign up online but we work on commission so I would appreciate it if you went through me if and when you choose to sign up". I would have respected that. OR if when you sign up online it allows you to put in the name of the person you have been working with so it doesn't circumvent them. But I was floored and pissed that he came at me like that. Ps. Of all the Pure Fitness this one is the smallest, visually unappealing and has the worst customer service. I did sign up and I love the one I go to now...but this one I will never step foot in again
4	Pretty decent so far. I think the monthly trainings are great and Andrea has really helped me. I think I've lost about 7 lbs in the last week and a half. Usually they will try to upsell me on training which I thought at first was a little annoying, but I just advise them that I cannot and leave it at that. It doesn't bother me anymore. After using a machine we are to wipe it down for the next person. The problem with that is half the time the paper towel dispensers are empty... One thing I suggest to them is to rent/buy the vacant suite next to it. The gym is growing and it probably would be a good thing to do. :) Overall I enjoy the gym and think the equipment is suitable.
3	Been a Pure Fitness member (now part of LA Fitness) for years.  My 12 year old son works out there too as does my girlfriend.Smaller club, so be prepared, no seperate room for classes or any real ammenities.  Come here to work out....nothing more.  The free training sessions are more to sell you personal training sessions at $65+ an hour....so use em if you need to but just say no.  This place is all about revenue and not really about helping you so be pretty independent.
