5	Another review for Cave Dwellers. Maybe this is "cheating" but they do have two locations. This one, in the Ayrsley "town center" is simply a pickup and dropoff storefront located a door or two down from Wild Wing Cafe. The other one, on South Tryon, is where all the actual cleaning takes place.I continue to be extremely pleased with the service provided by Cave Dwellers. The shirts they launder are top notch and they've probably done at least a couple of hundred. I have yet to have a problem and I'm rather particular, so that's saying something.It's a little pricey - $2.50 a shirt - but well worth it. If you're in the area (it's right off South Tryon and 485), give them a try!
3	I appreciate the location of Cave Dwellers and that they have same day service.  So convenient!  My only issue is the buttons on quite a few of the shirts I send there get beat up and crumble.  I assume it is from the press because it is usually the little button stays on the notches of my collar or the sleeve buttons.  I would also prefer some more Eco-friendly dry cleaning service, but I have yet to find in CLT.
4	I started using the Cave Dwellers valet service at work when I did not have time to stop at the cleaners to drop up and pick up my clothes while attending school.  You put your clothes in a bag along with a slip with your name company, and info, and drop it into a box.  They pick your clothes up and return them the next day.  I love the convenience of it and the cost is only a few cents higher than the other cleaners in Charlotte.  There are only a few cleaners in Charlotte that do their own work, and Cave Dwellers is one one of them.  The machines they use can be rough on the buttons, but they replace them for free.  I have used them for laundering shirts and dry cleaning pants and they always come out great.  I wish they were a little more eco-friendly, but the places in Charlotte that are eco-friendly are just too far out of the way.
5	They still do amazing work, though they no longer have a seamstress/tailor on duty to do repairs or alterations. Yes, it's a bit more but it's still very worth it. Yet to have a single problem with anything I've brought them.Tip: They'll fold the shirts rather than hang them. For someone who puts the shirts into a suitcase, this is such a time saver for me!
3	Like a previously reviewer stated, a lot of my shirts always came back with missing buttons.  I would send 10 shirts there and three or four would come back with missing buttons.  They state on their website that this is because f today's lower quality buttons on shirts, but I do not have this issue at any other cleaner.  I think they need to adjust their process to accommodate the newer shirts.  I had to start taking my clothes elsewhere and so did a lot of coworkers.
