4	Great bar - a live band was playing and they were really solid.  The layout of the place is sweet, from the huge beer garden outside to the centered bar and plenty of tables and space.  Not the best on beer selection though.
4	I love sausage.  German sausage. You find 15 varieties to choose from sourced from a place in California that's the real deal (continental sausage Glendale CA) and the house made sauerkraut has a sharp vinegar bite, which balanced with the fizzy taste of fermented cabbage and is an awesome complement to the tubes of meat. Served with a German style mustard and German potato salad you have yourself an authentic experience.   At a very reasonable price you can have yourself a great German meal compared with the schlep to Gibson city for the bier stube, which is also amazing but pricey.  Go support these guys who are doing something cool and local!!
4	Cheese sausage, potato salad and fries with a Miller Lite for $10 at lunch is a pretty solid offering. Service was solid. This place has some pretty good daily specials during the week. No salt or pepper on the tables even during lunch/dinner hours but that's a minor quibble. Normally Id give 3 stars since the food's only decent but the service and price bring it up to a 4.
2	I met a good sized group of people in the evening due to the food and drink specials available during the summer. Dollar tacos and two dollar drafts including imports. Whoa!  Great deal and the food wasn't half bad. So why two stars?  They were understaffed that day. That is something that I understand and can roll with. Not a problem.  It took 10-15 minutes before the server noticed my gesturing. Eventually I placed a dinner order.  I had ordered a beer and 15 minutes later I made mention of it to the server. I just thought she forgot. Her response was completely uncalled for. Harsh tone, reactionary word choice, scowl...  I asked the table if I came off rude or something. No, I was apparently quite nice. Not only did I feel like walking out, everyone at the table was looking around wondering what the heck just happened. Someone a few people down said "oh, yeah. That's why we never come here."  We were a polite, hungry, and thirsty group with ages ranging between 20-60.  The staff made us feel like an intrusion as my simple question wasn't the only time we were snapped at and dumbfounded by our treatment. The tip was added into the bill. I still gave her a dollar on top of the included gratuity.  She ended up with a 30% tip from me. That is likely the only time I step foot in that place. I was treated like an inconvenience. Trash.  I would have ordered a few more beers. I stopped at one because of the ridiculousness. Food, drink, and price was great. The staff is the worst. The.  Worst.
3	only been there during day time. Went once with the whole class for a research on tasting shots. But the place look dead . Maybe its better during weekend night
3	Great big space, plenty of seating around the perimeter.Lots of tvs and short wait time at the bar despite big gameday crowd.Not as many young folks as were packing the main student favorites, but that made it a welcome relief after a busy day bar-crawling.I'll consider another visit!
