3	Grade: CBest if enjoyed after 11:30 pm on Friday or Saturday nights. Warning: do not try to recapture that enjoyment during the week!
1	La Bamba where the burritos are as big as your head.  I suppose this would be true if I had Beetlejuice's head after he gets it shrunken by the voodoo guy.  They aren't as big as your head, so if you go in there thinking you are going to nosh on a seriously huge burrito, you are going to be let down.  Just when you think "oh well, maybe it'll at least taste good," you find out the disappointing truth, the burritos are bland and full of dry rice.  Booooo!  The path to gigantic burrito enlightenment is not here my friends, just keep on drivin' by.
2	Wow, kind of let down.  I have been to other locations and always received a pretty good meal.  Most likely between 3 and 4 stars.  On an early Saturday evening, I walked in to an empty restaurant.  I order the combo: two tacos and one quesadilla with rice and beans.  My order was to go.  I live about 7-8 minutes from there.  When I got home my food was room temperature.  It was like they pre-cooked the meat and then just warmed it up quick when I got there.  My quesadilla was a bean taco, yup definitely NOT a quesadilla.  That is it.  Not impressive.  The side of rice was great.  The side of beans was salty.  It is just not what I am used to from other La Bamba visits.  Step up your game.
1	Don't go out of your way to get there because they probably won't be open. They were closed early the last two times I went there.
5	Yes, this is the same La Bamba Org.  that had a line out the door on State St. a decade ago from 8PM-4AM. Same food, Same cipes, and  thankfully the same Burrittos!!! La Bamba was forced out of State St. by rising rents due to that Pig, The Arts District. Unfortch La Bamba STILL hasn't caught on yet in Monona. If They were located in Yuppie Ville, They'd have Stellar reviews. The Food is affordable, fresh, and clean. Served to You by People that know what reall  Mexican Food is all about. I prefer a Large, Steak, No Beans, Extra Sour Cream. Frankly it's all I've ever ordered at all three La Bambas. Don't confuse this with Pedro's, it's not designed to be a Pedro's,, but if You're hungry in Monona, and time is   a factor, try La Bamba for great Mexican Food... ,.
