5	These guys are great... I used to live here in Phoenix and they always took great care of my cars.. I liked how honest they were and fixed 99% of the repairs the first time.   The guys working there are all well seasoned and have a great since of humor.  I used to bring them some wild stuff to work on and they never denied me service except when I brought in a Mercedes...LOL  I was just in town and I picked up an old Saab, they laughed and said they will give it a shot..  So if you want to get something fix correct the first time take it here..
4	So a word of advice: NEVER take a speed bump at 25 mph. You will get hang time my friend...So after I tried my Starsky and Hutch move in my g-ride, I had to get a bolt drilled out of my water pump. This was a VERY hard thing to do. I had to finally take it to Crutcher who took care of it in 1.5 days. Mind you, my pal had been working on it for 2 weeks trying to do the same thing that Crutcher did in no time. No one likes to take their car to the shop, I'm not saying that they're the cheapest guys on the block, but they were professional and efficient and got my baby back on the road.I would highly suggest Crutcher for your g-ride needs!
5	I love these guys! I've taken my car there for years and they've always fixed things right the first time. Other garages have suggested repairs. I've gone to Crutcher for those repairs and they've often told me that I didn't need them--the other garage was just trying to make some money off of me.DO NOT HESITATE to trust these guys. They're honest and do great work in a timely manner. Their shop is clean. Their staff is friendly and knowledgeable. They take the time to explain what's wrong. They stand by their work. And their prices are fair. I'd give them ten stars if I could.
5	We have used Crutcher for years - they are always honest and professional. We have takens several cars to them over the years, and I feel like they always give us an honest opinion of what really needs to be done, and what can wait. I have never had to take my car in twice for the same issue, and they try to get me in when it is convenient for me.
5	I have taken my car in to Crutcher's several different times for various repairs. Each time they have been honest and forthcoming about what needs to be done and what can wait for another time. I have referred them to all my friends and family looking for an honest mechanic....a rare find!
5	Great place.  They're honest, fair priced and they do quality work.  They'll work on any make or year, I have older vehicles and some of them are obsolete and difficult to find parts for but they're always able to come up with a solution.  I highly recommend Crutcher Automotive.
5	I needed to find out what the screeching sound was coming from my vehicle and since I was working in this area, I dropped my car off at this place which had a few good reviews on yelp. I came there without an appointment and they happily took my car, joined me for a test drive and diagnosed the problem quickly as rotors and drums on both front and back. All of the mechanics and owner were very nice and even picked me up down the street at my work location of the day. Overall, it was only $400 for the service including labor and a good experience for me and my car.
