3	Their sign actually reads, "Tool's More for Le$$." Very similar in concept to Harbor Freight except that they've managed to pack even more crap into their store. Outside of the building they frequently sell consignment or owner items including tired jet skis, clothing and old motorcycles. Inside they sell most any tool you can imagine as long as it was made in China. Okay not quite true, they do have some counter space dedicated to Milwaukee and a couple of other American companies but the prices on those items are obviously quite a bit higher. They one thing I like about this place is that the prices are fixed, unlike Harbour Freight, where you have to wait for something to be on sale. It's also never very busy so you don't have people crowding you when you're trying to check out some screwdrivers. Oh, I picked up a pretty sweet Vanilla Ice patch here once too. (Yo VIP, Let's Kick it!) They also offer an okay selection of hardware and a decent selection of plumbing items. I much prefer to spend my money for these items here instead of Lowe's Depot. Star deduction? Ugh, I hate knowing that I'm spending my money on Chinese products, but the prices are just too cheap.
3	Our handyman highly recommended this place for well priced hand and power tools but when I got there its so much more than that. MFL is a hoarders paradise! Serious clutter consisting of pretty much any random item you're looking for. From massive tamale pots to turkey fryers to tiki masks to candy machines this place is chocked full of this, that and everything in between. It's crazy! Now beware that once you make a purchase you can not get a refund. However they will give you store credit which gives you an excuse to peruse, dig and riffle through one of the many isles of randomness.I say we buy wheelchairs and have races down LVB!
5	The owner has a heart of gold.  So, because they sell some used stuff, they have a no return policy. My brother, Freddy, had some brain damage, so his IQ was only 70. He had put a scooter on layaway. Two weeks before Christmas, my brother died of heart failure.  The owner gave us the money back for my brother's memorial without hesitation. We offered a restocking fee, but he refused to accept. Send all your friends and family here for Christmas and year around.
