2	A decent, but pretty small art museum. I probably won't make the trek again out there, especially since they'll be moving to a new and much bigger location near the airport in 2009. Friendly people, cute gift shop, and it's in the same building as the nice Sahara West Library. Only $6 admission, so it's something you could do if you had an hour to kill out near Red Rock, but otherwise not worth the trek.
4	This place is in the boondocks and in the same building as the LV library. It is too bad it is not nearer to the Strip or civic buildings. You'll need a car to visit this museum and I'm sure that kills attendance. I hope an occasional library patron wanders that way. The exhibition on when I was there was contemporary art loans from LV residents. Some pieces were quite interesting, but really only 3 rooms: one large center room and two flanking rooms. I was the only person in the museum and the guard kept following me from room to room. Okay, I'm not going to steal anything nor am I going to touch anything! The gift shop was closing since the worker said it never made any money, which is too bad, but not surprising. Verdict: I'm giving it four stars because it deserves to be seen and moved to a better location. There should be more to LV than lights, gambling and eating.
4	I'm bummed out that LVAM is getting bad reviews just because of its location. The location is great for me, because I live in Summerlin. I'll actually be pissed when they move. Anyways. Onwards. I really like this place. Maybe not one of the best museums in the nation, but certainly one of the best things about Vegas. Vegas is so culturally deprived and crappy as it is. LVAM kind of floats to the top for me. I like their exhibitions. They pull in a lot of reputable big wigs (like Gehry and Lichtenstein) and modern out of town artists, but are also really welcoming to local (established!) artists. They draw in a good variety of style and school. The high ceilings are inviting to a variety of exhibitions. I once saw an installation piece by Paul Morrison. They just let him paint the biggest uninterrupted wall in there. The partitioned rooms allow for several exhibits to be going on at once. Yeah, security follows you around, but I've gotten that at almost every museum I've been to. One time I got molested at a museum and I WISHed security was around for that. The gift shop is great. Overpriced. But good. * off the strip, non-casino
1	I was actually pretty excited upon discovering there was an art museum on the West side of town, and not all forms of city entertainment has to be regulated around the Strip area.  Some may find the distance from the Strip a disappointment.  I, however, did not.So why the low review?  Were the ticket people rude?  No.  Were the prices ridiculously high?  No.There are two glaring problems with the place, which I can only hope have been resolved since my last visit.  Picture this: It's a small museum, 4-5 average sized rooms at the most.  Due to the small size of the rooms, there's not a lot of artwork there.  Not that the quality of art was bad.  I actually found some of the pieces interesting.  But I couldn't really get into it or enjoy it.Why is this?  Imagine, if you will, some security guard/attendant that follows you from room to room, watching your every move.  You don't feel like they are just making themselves available if you have any questions about the pieces.  It feels more like someone situating themselves at the back of the room and staring at the back of your head the whole time.  For the life of me, I simply couldn't not get into the work because someone was watching me the whole time.When we became aware of this, we tested the theory to see if it was paranoia or was this actually happening.  To our relief/dismay it was the latter.  With the mood shot, we decided to at least get some enjoyment out of it by walking from one room to the next, and turning around and going back into the original room.  This resulted in the all too familiar footsteps following where we went, a quick stop, and hurried footsteps to return back to the room where we actually were to continue watching us.I don't make it a practice to shove sculptures or paintings into my pockets when I visit a museum, and I don't appreciate being made to feel like I'm a potential thief or vandal.  Either the attendant needs to take the initiative to walk up, introduce themselves, offer to answer any questions, and then walk a respectful distance away without shadowing every movement.  That, or provide a pamphlet about the showcased works that can answer any artist and subject questions.It's an interesting experience if you've never experienced being stalked in a very small 4-5 room museum.  Sorry, but the attendant totally killed the experience for me.
