2	I've been here a few times; when it first opened and a few times inbetween classes. I'm not a coffee-drinker, so I can't judge on that ground because I wouldn't know good coffee if it bit me on the ass.What I would know is good hot chocolate, good pastries, and good smoothies. 1/3 ain't bad, I guess.The hot chocolate I've had from here tastes much like Starbucks's in that it tastes like it's been sitting in the machine for far too long and burnt somehow. It's got a very succinctly plain and charred taste that makes you want to mouthwash furiously to get the taste out of your mouth. It's not appeasing and even though they say they add steamed milk to it, it does nothing to help the taste.The pastries are decent; nothing to write home about, but it'll do in a pinch. I've had the chocolate candies they get from a local store (cannot remember the name for the life of me), and they're pretty good. I got a Mimosa flavored chocolate and it tasted pretty authentic. I was very pleased. I've also had their cheesecake marble muffin which--honestly would be better if it got rid of so much of the chocolate cake. It's not bad, but the chocolate cake is a little bland in taste that you'd rather just eat the top and toss the rest.Their smoothies though are wonderful. I can't judge for the non-dairy, but the yogurt-based smoothie is amazing. I always get the strawberry and it has a very fresh (despite the fact they use frozen strawberries) and tart taste that really makes your tastebuds pop.The atmosphere is nice too; a little small, but there's seating outside and inside and it's very comfortable. Great if you're a blogger or just want to do your homework in a different place rather than your apartment/dorm or library.If you're going to come here for reasons other than coffee or atmosphere, come for the smoothies.
3	Not a coffee drinker...but:I like the space, I like the comfy seating and the plethora of outlets to plug in computers, and of course the free internet. It gets a bit crowded at certain times of day because of its central location.What I do not like: their hot chocolate tastes like Swiss MIss and costs significantly more...
4	I don't know that much about coffee, but what I do know is I like lattes.  And I really like cinnamon rolls.  And I had the most delicious cinnamon roll of my life here yesterday, with a damned good latte.  The atmosphere is great and they're close to everything, I stop by here to study after class a lot, especially when I just can't take the library any more.  (Plus they have great food, so it's a good place to camp out if you're writing a paper that's due, oh, say tomorrow...not that I've ever done that...)
4	Cozy. Colorful. Lots of places to sit and work. Nice staff, good food and pastries - this is a great place to meet for a cup of coffee, sit and study, or grab and go.The coffee is absolutely fantastic and seems very consistent. They brew Ancora coffee, which is made right in Madison and very, very good. I rate their coffee better than Peet's or Starbucks, both of which are available nearby. Coffeebytes only opened a few years ago, but it's really flourished. Nice to see a local business doing well!
1	I have no idea why I even went here more than once.  I've only tried their espresso drinks and they're of very poor quality.  It's weak and inconsistent and overpriced.  Would not recommend and would not go back.  There's an abundance of better cafes to go to in this area.
3	I was a bit dubious about a cafe that advertises coffee that doesn't taste like coffee but the espresso was decent. Not awesome but better than Starbucks.
3	A good and strategic spot during the semester. Always full between classes. Not so much for the coffee. I tried the waffle here and it was BLAH. Never will I try their waffle again. But, I'll still be back for some meeting ups with friends!
3	They are a bit pricey for the products they serve. Chai latte iced is really the only thing I would recommend. I go to school right next door and we all frequent this place. It's pretty much a hit or miss for CoffeeBytes. Their internet is OK, but it's a little slower, but I just chalk that up to all the people. It's cozy, decent drinks and food, and convenient.
5	This is probably not your best choice for american style many-words-chai-latte-mocha-soy-machiatto with just a drop of coffee. But if you are in the espresso mood, you are in good hands. Had a doppio and it was made the way you are suppose to make it. It was smooth, fresh and didn't taste like burnt beans and re-heated coffee like almost every single place I have been to in US.
2	The biggest plus to this cafe is location.  It's right in the middle of campus, right across from the Chazen Museum, very close to one of the campus theaters, right across from the Badger Bus stop.  Even though there are almost as many superior coffee shops in Madison as there are vegan liberal New Age former hippies, in the middle of the harsh Wisconsin winter, closer is better.  It's not a bad place at all between academic sessions when most of the undergrads aren't around.  When classes are in session there is such a high volume of business, the regular coffee is always fresh, so important if you like it black.      Now, on the other hand, when classes are in session, the place is usually crammed full of college students, which makes me feel fat, old, and tired.  Tired, because there's often not a seat in the place.  If a seat does open up, it's pretty cramped to begin with, but most of the undergrads here have stuff all around them, their computers, tablets, mp3 players, phones, open knapsacks, coats, scarfs, mittens, notes, books, friends, lettuce (only once, but one time I was here killing 20 minutes but trying to get some work done and the young lady next to me had a round head of presumably organic lettuce between us, which I found irrationally distracting), etc. In Madison, coffee baristas take the place of bartenders and therapists for many denizens, there are dozens of cafes that not only serve tasty fresh coffee, but are staffed by very pleasant workers who make you feel like you belong in this world, skillfully adjusted to how busy it is (quickly if it's busy, a little more patiently if it's not).  This place is quite the contrast, the workers are jaded alienated college students who make it pretty clear (maybe they would say, "obvie") that they would much rather be anywhere else, doing anything else, and that they are determined to not get good at making and serving coffee.   If you're looking for the sort of cafe where the cappuccino is served up with a flourish, this is not that place, no one here knows how to do the leaf.  Only a very short walk from one of the world's most respected South Asian Studies programs, it seems especially wrong that they don't realize that chai literally means, tea.
3	The coffee is really hot! Like REALLY HOT. Usually, a sleeve is enough to insulate my fingers, but even with the sleeve on, I could feel the heat of the coffee radiating through to my fingers. And trust me, it wasn't a warm toasty feeling, it was an 'OMG my fingertips are burning!!' kind of feeling.I'm usually a fan of hot hot coffee because it means that it will stay warm for longer and I won't be stuck with lukewarm coffee half way through the morning, but I think if CoffeeBytes wants to serve something that hot, they should at least double up on the cups. Secondly, I don't really like how the island with the creamer and sugar is situated in the way of the ordering counter. I found it really dangerous walking around in that small amount of space with a piping hot cup of coffee in my hands (which I'm barely holding onto in the first place). These are my two main critiques. Otherwise, CoffeeBytes is conveniently located and the service is fast for those of use who are trying to get in and out on our way to work!
1	I don't understand why this cover shop near campus limits free wifi---it's a really cheap strategy for your business. I don't think I will come back here. If you have to study more than 2 hrs., not recommended.
