1	This is the worst mani pedi I have ever had. Total time was less than 30 minutes. I took my sons girlfriend with me to treat and she couldn't believe I was finished 45 minutes ahead of her. The women I had was very negative, talked about how bad my feet were and was very rushed to get onto the next customer. I will never return.
3	I'm a self professed tomboy, so when I arrived with dry legs and even worse feet, I braced myself for an angry woman with an accent to scold me on my manly behavior.I was surprised to encounter just the opposite. I went for the deluxe pedi because I needed the sugar scrub, badly. The nail tech I had was friendly, asked about how my Summer was going, and didn't mention my neon orange polish that had stained my toe nails a funky yellow. The sugar scrub on my calves and lower legs felt amazing, and I could feel all my man-skin be scrubbed away. The peppermint lotion made my toes say "ahhh" in unison as they were receiving the most moisture they'd had in awhile. My polish stayed on for a long time. I'll be back again, with hopes that no one will mention my man feet and legs. *looks down at feet* Yes, I need to go back again, and soon.
1	This is a terrible place!!! I felt so sorry for my mother who was visiting me. I sent her there thinking it would be good!! NOT!!  The massage lasted one minute!!! People were rude!!! Just wanted her $$$!!! Water was cold!! Kept asking to warm it up, received attitude instead of complying. Never again!!  I work at an establishment all over the Vegas area with many cocktail waitresses!! I will warn them... NEVER to go back!!! Terrible!!!
2	Expensive. Pedicure was about 15 minutes. I had to actually ask to get my cuticles cut. Won't go back
1	Not very good. They were sloppy.
1	Employees sit outside toking on cigarettes. Employee sits on moped in front of store waiting for customers. Total bad attitude! I wanted to try a new place, however I ended up walking out. The rudeness and very unprofessional did it! Don't know how they stay in business.
