4	Back to the Rack is the Talbots of consignment stores. Nothing too flashy, nothing outrageous. They are not about vintage, or designer couture. The clothing is quality. Typically, INC., J. Crew, GAP, J. Jills', plenty of Chicos, Banana Republic, your usual Macy and Dillard brands. A few Chanel, Prada and the like will crop up and they have a rack of their own. If you are looking for a work shirts, some pants, skirts and the like, you can't go wrong.  Extensive jewelry collection that is worth looking through. The girls behind the counter are always knowledgeable about what is in the case if it is of any value - precious stones, signet rings and the like and very helpful. Have fun and pick up some clothes for a great price!
4	Upon first entering this shop, I thought there would be nothing for me.  It was a bit like walking into the St. John's Bay section of JC Penney.  After some digging, however, I was pleasantly surprised to find a Gap sleeveless shirt for work, a pair of workout pants, a Liz Claiborne thin sweater good for layering and in a neutral shade so it will go with anything (Score!), and a fun Language scoopneck blouse with puffy short sleeves.  The clothes were in good condition.The owner rang my stuff up (total around $23) and started a frequent shopper card for me.  With every ten dollars you spend one of the squares is stamped.  When all of the squares are stamped, you receive ten dollars toward your next purchase.  Beware, there are no returns, although she did say that if I came back soon after purchase to return something, she would consider giving me store credit.   There are no men's items, either.
3	Fall brings the shopping out in me. I can quickly justify a new to me velvet jacket, that perfect little cocktail dress, a few tweed trousers and a wonderful pair of knee high boots but Back to the Rack  has little in the way of seasonal clothes. More, lightweight cotton shirts and pants in rather uneventful styles. The jackets and dresses, a little out of date. I think the shop is good for an older crowd, maybe if you are looking for that perfect oufit for mall walking, Back  to the Rack is for you.
5	I no longer shop anywhere else.  This consignment shop is clean and organized.  I always walk out with some great finds.
