5	The sandwiches at this place are incredible ... I mean incredible. Not only are they unique with a huge selection to choose from, but they all seem to be equally amazing. They have a gigantic selection of vegetarian sandwiches, including a veggie meatball sandwich that is too-big-to-eat yet somehow you find yourself not able to stop. Their version of a turkey rueben is solid as well. And the dutch crunch bread is worth whatever calories are in it and more - and this is about the only place in AZ where I've seen this bread. I would highly recommend Ike's. It's hard to find in the back of the Brickyard on Mill, but don't let that stop you.
5	At first, I was confused. Why so many sandwiches? How creative can you really get with ingredients slapped between two slices of bread? I ordered the Menage-a-Trois and I died. The Dutch Crunch bread was legit. Never tasted bread like that before. It's, to say the least, delicious. Chowed down on some Voodoo ZAPPS! Chips (salt & vinegar & BBQ) = explosion of flavor in my mouth. The staff was friendly, attractive and helpful at explaining the meaning behind Ike's Love & Sandwiches. Although a San Francisco based company, these guys know exactly what they are doing and support local business so show them some love and enjoy fabulous experience. I usually make my own lunch but this place has definitely found a very special place in my heart & I am willing to pay their prices as the food is quality. I went back a second time and got a Jake The Snake, should've tried the sourdough but there's always next week.
5	Ikes Ikes Ikes you make my day-ay. This is the third location that I've been to and I'm happy to say they're consistent with the food and great service. This location opened up two weeks ago and its kind of hidden. Its tucked in an area thats behind Mill Ave. It didn't take much time to find it, but I'm glad its hidden because only a few know about it so far. When you find it, the trip is totally worth it.
5	Believe the hype. Flat out fantastic sandwiches available at Ike's Love & Sandwiches. While not every single sandwich is as stellar as some reviewers would have you believe, even their average eats are better than most other chain sandwich shops.  Their new location in Downtown Tempe at the Brickyard on Mill is great and the people are all friendly. So, what's the only bad thing about these sandwiches?... They end!
5	Not only is the food AMAZING!!! But the staff is also unbelievable helpful, friendly, and hilarious. Marco and Chase are too funny and are so absolutely dedicated to the success and reputation of their store...and I can see why! In my opinion, better than silver mines, pita pit, and jimmy johns that are all located on mill. I suggest the sourdough bread myself but I think it's safe to say that if you order anything, you're going to like it. Go Ike's!!!!
5	Amazing. Best sandwiches in Tempe, probably the valley. They're super duper great when it comes to Gluten Free, they take extra precautions to make it not cross contaminated, which is amazing when you're defective like me! Plus the service is alway A+. It is a little pricey, but it's totally worth it.
5	Ted Danson sandwich was amazing - make sure you add lettuce and tomato and get it on the Dutch bread! They make their bread fresh everyday!
5	The sandwiches are great and hands down the best on Mill. As one friend said, they can make pretty much anything you can think of.For vegans, make sure that you say "vegan" with every thing that you order, and make sure you get blowpops instead of a caramel lollipop. Most of the time they'll mess up that last part.So far my top 3 have been the vegan meatless mike, the vegan pilgrim, and the vegan pee wee. The sandwiches are huge and come out to about 2 meals. However, because they're so wet, they don't last more than a few hours before getting too soggy.
2	This place might be great for people with dietary concerns but I'm not thrilled that I paid $10 for a sandwich that was mostly bread and lettuce.  I ordered the Matt Cain, which has turkey, roast beef, and salami.  3 kinds of meat so I'm thinking it's going to be loaded.  I was wrong.  Not only that but it was pretty sloppy, meaning the meat tended to squish out of the opposite end that I was biting into.  I'm not deducting points for this but I believe I noticed another reviewer point out that Ike's is a "local establishment".  Sorry to burst your bubble but this place is a chain from the Bay Area in case the names of the menu items had not tipped you off.
5	I had first heard of Ike's while watching a Man vs Food episode and had been wanting to try it ever since. I even it had it bookmarked for my next visit to San Francisco. I'm so glad I don't have to wait to visit San Fran to try these delicious sandwiches, since they have recently expanded to Phoenix. My first time here was at Yelp Community Event, where we were able to have a tasting menu of 4 different sandwiches. This was perfect for first timers as there's so many options to choose from. I chose from an experimental tasting menu, and my husband had the spicy tasting menu, so we were able to taste 8 different sandwiches all together. Every sandwich we tried was delicious. It's really hard to pick a favorite, the highlights were a buffalo chicken style sandwich, the Mozzarella's Big Cheese which had chicken and honey on it, the Carne Asada fries sandwich (which included just that) and the dessert sandwich of nutella and marshmallow fluff. There's a ton of substitutions available along with vegetarian and vegan options, and their bread is fresh as it's par-baked daily and then baked to order. The staff here is really passionate about their food and extremely nice and helpful. I will definitely return for Ike's amazing sandwiches.
5	Heard great things about this sandwich shop from the bay area so I had to try it.The important thing was the bread, That bread, all baked fresh by Ike's, is superb. The "world-famous" Dutch crunch is more chew than crunch, the first half of the Dutch Crunch was good but began to be too much,  Other bread options are French, sourdough, whole wheat and gluten-free.Will try the sourdough next time.The menu is huge and the worker helped decide what to order and recommend.The Tempe location is small with about 6 tables but the kitchen is massive, it took a little longer than expected to make the sandwiches.I ordered the Cain Velasquez,which had bacon pastrami and swiss, the meat was generous and the sandwich was loaded. I could only eat half the sandwich. I will definitely come back again but try the other breads.
5	Sandwich was amazing. I'd recommend to anyone looking for a variety of subs that taste great.
5	Does Tempe really need another sandwich shop? Well if that sandwich shop is Ike's then yes, yes they do.Seriously good sandwiches. And one of the largest menu selections I've ever seen.They have GF bread which is actually pretty good, if a little too large. They're good about CC as I've never been sick after eating here (or the one in Mesa).Pro Tip: they have a happy hour from 4 - 7 which includes chips and a drink at no extra cost. Plus it's just fun to hear them shout "HAPPY HOUR!"
5	They have the most amazing gluten free sandwiches ever - on bread that doesn't taste like sand.  The staff is also very friendly.  I'll be back.
4	Love the veggie sandwiches and the dutch crunch bread. A bit overpriced but the sandwiches are huge. They did miss a couple of ingredients on my sandwich a couple of times, like the habanero salsa. I just hope the place survives unlike all the previous establishments in this location.
5	Glad to see Ike's doing well. Had the Madison Bumgarner on the Dutch Crunch bread. It was good.
3	Resturant layout is awkward, prices are high, service is slow, and the sandwiches are okay at best. Firehouse or Potbelly are a much better choices.
3	Service was pretty slow in spite of them being not that busy. Prices are a bit high. Overall good food but it didn't feel worth the expense and time waiting (my friends' sandwiches came out in five minutes but it took 15 minutes for mine).
5	Can we just say AH-MAZING.?  Amazing to find that one of San Francisco's BeSt sandwich shops has not only expanded throughout Northern California, but found a home not far from the ASU Campus...Okay, when I first stepped into the Ike's on 16th Street in the City, I didn't.  I actually stood in line OUTSIDE the small shop for a while before ordering.  Yes, it's THAT popular.  And when I did, i fell in love with the menu.  Sandwiches with fun names, some silly, some famous.  I ordered for our group :  Barry Z., Barry B., and a Lincecum!!!,I ask you, how could I not love a place that names sandwiches after iconic SF Giants players?  Flash forward a few years.  Here we are in Arizona to visit family AND watch the World Series together.  Wouldn't it be great to have some yummy San Francisco treat?  I'm not talking Rice-A-Roni...  Low and behold, Ike's has a shop on Mills Avenue.I got to meet Chase, the person bringing this little piece of sandwich heaven to Tempe.  What a nice young man.  Instant adoration since we were both sporting our Giants gear. Too fun.  And when my order proved too big for me to carry, he helped me out to my car.  Great service!I do hope this shop becomes very successful.  The sandwiches are very Yum.  Too many to describe.  Check out their website for sandwich descriptions and know that no matter what the location, they make ANY sandwich on all of their menus....  Next time we are in Tempe, we will be back.   And of course during Spring Training, when we are in town to cheer on our Giants!  I fully expect to wait in line, once the locals and college kids discover this new treasure....
5	Can I just copy/paste my review from the Mesa location? There's nothing really more to say than this place is amazing! Thank you so much for introducing me to this place, Chase!
4	probably my new favorite sandwich resturant, I tried one sandwich only so far. Lol Try it out, menu also have halal meat!
5	Very very good.. My sub had a great flavor to it and they were generous on the meat and toppings.. The only thing I can say is.. If you plan on getting a side of fries.. One sticker shock its $5(not worth it) but second, it's a nice size portion(not $5 worth size) but still.. Overall, cool concept and great food and atmosphere.
5	Thanks to Yelp, we tried Ike's today and was not disappointed.  Not only was the staff incredibly helpful but they suggested great sandwiches! The sandwiches were huge and the voodoo chips were so yummy (never had a flavored chip that good before). Had we known how big the sandwiches were, we would not have ordered fries and onion rings....though they were fantastic! Make sure to get their crunch bread, it was fantastic and different from anything I have ever had! This is now our favorite sandwich stop and we can't wait to go again.  On a side note, we met Ike and he was very charming.  He took the time to talk with us and even let us snap a picture! So nice to meet the man behind the food and see how genuine he is. Fingers crossed for an Ike's in Gilbert next!
4	Good sandwiches. kind of expensive for a sandwich but it was pretty good. The logo looks like a young, hip mr. clean. the people that work there were nice people.
4	Great place...HUGE menu....maybe read it online before you stroll in...or you will stand there like it's 1995 and you are trying to figure out what movie to rent from Blockbuster. All our sandwiches were great. Fries were good, nothing special to me. Got really busy towards lunch time, very limited seating. Not a bad thing though! Place is booming.
5	Great shop and friendly staff. But it's the food that makes this place great. Good variety. What a sandwich! It wasn't just a sandwich but more of a gourmet meal. My wife and I looked at each other with wide eyed glee after our first bites. Incredible freshness and flavor. Definitely worth many visits.
4	Hello yummsville! This is a chain from San Fran, but it's a great lunch spot! So many different sandwich options with funny famous San Fran names, such as the Barry Bonds (my favorite)!Definitely add the smoked Gouda to any sandwich! So good! It takes a long time to read the menu and make choices, and it's not super fast in terms of service - but definitely worth the wait!
4	This place is great and has earned a spot in the office lunch rotation. There are so many different sandwich options with a number of sandwiches named after ASU and Arizona sports figures along with several SF Giants and other actors/athletes. It takes a few minutes for the food to come out, but well worth the wait. The last time I was there I ran into Ike himself who was kind enough to chat for a few minutes, take a picture, and hook me up with a free drink/chips coupon for my next visit. Which will be very soon.
4	I liked the variety of sandwiches available.  My mom and I each got something different and then traded a half so we could sample a couple of them.  By far my favorite thing was the fried zucchini with pesto dipping sauce.  The zucchini was perfectly fried deliciousness and the pesto was fresh and wonderful.  The girls at the register were friendly, but they did miss a couple of special requests we made.  In their defense, we were new to Ike's and asking lots of questions.  The mistakes in our order weren't bad enough to complain about or send back the food.Ultimately, the reason I'm rating Ike's 4 stars and not 5 is price.  We felt it was a bit pricey for sandwiches, although they are huge.  Two people could easily split one.  So if you're a penny pintcher like me, bring a friend and share a sandwich.
4	Great place to grab a quick bite during lunch. I had the Matt Cain on Dutch crunch bread. It was delicious. The sandwich came out pretty quickly and everyone who worked there was nice. Overall, great experience and I will definitely be returning.
5	It's crazy as a Bay Area resident it took me being in Tempe to try Ikes. All the raving is totally justified. There are so many options and creative sandwiches on the menu. I loved the San Francisco theme to it and the dutch crunch bread was like a little taste of home. I ordered the Michael Jordan (basically a meatball sub) and seriously cannot say anything bad about it. My boyfriend ordered the Matt Cain which was also delicious. Best sandwich spot I've had in the desert and maybe even ever. Can't wait to try more choices on the menu
4	The choices are endless. The service is suburb. Always stop by after studying at BYENG for hours.
4	nice service and sandwiches are outstanding. great
5	The choices are endless. The service is suburb. Always stop by after studying at BYENG for hours.
4	very excited to find this place. A ton of options, I had to ask the cashier his favorite. He was helpful and mentioned two. One on the menu and one off. I went with the Paul Rueben. It was awesome. A ton of food. I would give this place 5 stars if the price was not so high. Little room to sit inside, but very casual and friendly.
4	The choices are endless. The service is suburb. Always stop by after studying at BYENG for hours.
4	The choices are endless. The service is suburb. Always stop by after studying at BYENG for hours.
4	Happened upon Ike's first night in Mesa. Ate there twice in 5 days, once for lunch and once for dinner. Very good, fresh options. Not your typical sub place. Staff extremely friendly & fun.
3	The choices are endless. The service is suburb. Always stop by after studying at BYENG for hours.
5	The choices are endless. The service is suburb. Always stop by after studying at BYENG for hours.
4	Happened upon Ike's first night in Mesa. Ate there twice in 5 days, once for lunch and once for dinner. Very good, fresh options. Not your typical sub place. Staff extremely friendly & fun.
4	Happened upon Ike's first night in Mesa. Ate there twice in 5 days, once for lunch and once for dinner. Very good, fresh options. Not your typical sub place. Staff extremely friendly & fun.
3	First time at this location and it is a bit smaller, but still good quality subs. I had the Ted Danson which is good, but order the french dressing on the side or it will get very messy. It is also one of the few sandwiches with meat that is under 10 bucks. It was a bit pricey in Mesa and I don't see college style pricing for this location. Companies just can't seem to adjust to a new location unless you count the one exclusive Sun Devil sandwich. We don't want to order your San Francisco named items, so just change all the names and have some fun Ike. The Dutch Crunch bread is still the highlight, but they overdo it on the dirty sauce, so go light on that and you should enjoy most anything you order.
5	The choices are endless. The service is suburb. Always stop by after studying at BYENG for hours.
4	The choices are endless. The service is suburb.
4	Really wondful sandwich place in N. California. This was my first time really good experience there.
2	ok. so they are doing somethings right i guess. they are friendly, the place is clean. they have a pretty creative, extensive menu. that said i wasn't impressed enough to ever go back. i went there because i was walking my dog and wanted to stop for lunch they had outdoor seating so i thought i'd give it a shot. they are very chintsy (if that's even a word lol) with their dressings. my sandwich was mostly bread. i had the Count of Monte Chase-O sandwich which features ham, turkey, swiss cheese and strawberry preserves. unique huh? you couldn't tell, like i said, i tasted only the bread. if they would be even a little more generous with the lettuce, onions, meats and condiments. i like a sandwich that is as much on my face as it is in my mouth. this wasn't it. nothing fell out of this sandwich!
5	I thought I stumbled caloric heaven when I realized an Ikes was in Tempe during my brief visit. I went to the one in San Francisco and this dished out equally awesome food. I had the Thanksgiving turkey sandwich and tomorrow I will be back. Super fresh and flavorful.  Prices are very fair for the quality and ample size.  Few places match Ikes in terms of sandwiches and its way better than the mainstream chains.  Find it if your in town and loosen the belt buckles.
4	The choices are endless. The service is suburb. Always stop by after studying at BYENG for hours.
4	Tucked away a little off Mill, this is one of the only Ike's that serves breakfast and let's not forget they have a dessert sandwiches too! With tons of vegetarian and vegan options (they have fried chicken as well if that is more your type of thing) there is a sandwich here to please any and everyone. The sandwiches are huge! Any of the ones priced over $12.00 are intended to be shared or can easily feed one very hungry person. (BTW: French is my bread of choice and don't forget the dirty sauce.) Also, they have a rotating sandwich of the week since Ike's has over 500+ options between all of their locations. Do your hungry tummy a favor and stop here soon.
