3	Went on a very quiet Wednesday night.  The food was quite good, but nothing too exciting or spectacular. The foie gras was nicely prepared. The prices were a bit high and the amount of food a bit small considering the prices.
1	This place is to be completed avoided. I wish I can give it negative stars..  It went from bad to worse in a blink of an eye... The only thing that was utterly FANTASTIC was a clementine-champagne frozen drink (which shouldn't even be considered a drink but a sip). Besides that, everything was completely forgettable. Given the opportunity to go back knowing what I know, I wouldn't go back even if someone PAID me.The "order" of the night was an entree of foie gras, main plate of salmon and beef tartar and dessert. The entree and main dish took us over 2 and a half hours to receive. I wasn't aware that was a normal delay. Let me elaborate as to how the girls-date-night went out the window and we finally just walked out...Reservations were at 8pm. Got there on time, seated instantly. Then waited for exactly one hour before our entree got to our table (to which another table came in, was seated and served 2 orders before we got our first). Our main meal came about 45 minutes after. At this point, we are contemplating leaving. I'm sorry but is it normal to get 2 plates in about 2 hours..?? On top of the horribly slow service, one of the waitresses was having a GREAT time with her boyfriend (while she was on the job); sitting on his lap, giving him "affection" and having drinks. Funny how she can have HER drinks but we can't get OUR food.After over 2.5 hours, we finally decided to leave. YOu know, for RAW food, it seemed like a long time to wait. Unless the chef is outside FISHING for the salmon and HEARDING the cows, I don't see why it would take this long. And not to mention that we didn't get all of our plates! We gave up on dessert!! Our waitress finally came to see us and inquire as to what was wrong (she saw us leaving our table). When briefly advised of what our sentiments were, her only response was "The kitchen is backed up". Funny though, the table of 6 that walked in after us and got served before us seemed to be getting everything in a timely manner. Once being brought our bill, the waitress hovered over us like a hawk until we paid our bill. That was definitely awkward. After this whole disasterous evening, to top everything off, my girlfriend was so intensely sick we didn't know what to do. So if you want to pay money for  a stressful evening with horrible service, this is definitely the place to be.
