4	Who doesn't love a good IMAX theatre?  Sure, combine that with some 3D effects, an interesting film (and a few other things) and it's even more fun!  This theatre is a seven story screen with 30,000 watts of sound!  As of now, they are showing a few films - Magnificent Desolation - Walking on the Moon 3D,  Mystery of the Nile; Deep Sea 3D; and Fighter Pilot. Being a scuba diver, I couldn't pass up the opportunity to see Deep Sea 3D at this theatre.  It was fabulous!  The effects were awesome and you could see many hands reaching out to 'try to touch' the jellyfish on the screen.Ticket Prices are about $11.99.  I was told the film was 52 minutes, but I think it was shorter than that.  They only have about four rows and what I didn't know was that they kinda lock you down fort his movie.  The bar comes across your lap and you're pretty much stuck until it's over.  (I don't think they tell you about this feature when you're buying the tickets, which can be very discouraging for those suffering from claustrophobia.)  And when you leave the theatre, you have to walk through this maze of their video arcade area to get out.  If you have children, this can be a quite a deterrent.Nonetheless, everyone needs to sit back and enjoy a good IMAX 3D film every now and then.  And with the intimacy of this Luxor Theatre, why not?
3	I watched two movies here.  The first movie was  about the nile and was inspiring but was not in 3-D. The second was about the deep sea and a little depressing.  I would be happier if they showed other kinds of movies here besides national geographic type movies. How about U2 3D? Or would that distract players too much from the  casinos? Also, I did not like the metal bar that lowered and held me in my seat. I had to go to the bathroom and experienced mild discomfort during most of the second movie.
3	We did the deep sea movie.  I was sure I was going to toss my cookies  from all the 3D, but then, I was hung over.If you have kids, or are into tech - stuff, this is a pretty cool thing to check out.  If you are hung over, I'd say pass.
1	When I stayed here, the bf and I decided to use our coupons. I don't drink so I know I wasn't hungover.  I usually like 3D but not this time.  We were given 4 free tickets with our hotel package so we decided to watch something to make them worth something; we picked one showing the Nile.  Oh man.....I think I almost threw up watching 2 minutes into that.  On top of that bad movie, they make you strap in and you are not allowed to get up?!  So I just took a nap while everyone else enjoyed the Nile.  Needless to say, we didn't use the other 2 tickets.
1	The IMAX is no longer there. Titanic and body works exhibit have replaced the IMAX due to poor sales.
