5	Great prices, friendly staff/service, and a very nice atmosphere. This is where I purchase all of the candy and stuff that I miss from Japan. Until I found this store, I had to go all the way up to the International Market for my purchases, which is quite a drive from Anthem. They also have a great selection of CDs by Japanese artists, as well as anime, and a lot of home decoration/beauty products and food products as well.
5	I can't say enough good stuff about Tokyo Discount.  I can't believe I've never reviewed it before...  Anyway, it's right in front of Sushi Mon, my favorite sushi place, and is part of the Japanese one-two punch on Silverado and Maryland.It's a small shop carrying Japanese items of many different types.  I'd break it down into three main types:  1)  Anime, Manga, and Novelty items:  This is where all the Japanese fan boys go to find soundtracks, DVDs, figurines, Keyblade and Gunblade models, Cosplay parts, and Hello Kitty erasers.  Having some of that in me, I enjoy this part a lot. 2)  Japanese Home Items:  This includes lots of plates, bathroom items, sake bottles, tea cups, hair dye, shampoo, shoe horns, strainers, lamps, home decor, and other such things.  I mainly use some of the tea accessories, and have recently bought dishes and bowls.3)  Food!:  This is mainly Japanese packed food.  This includes things like Pocky, packaged candy, biscuits, cookies, Melon soda, Mochi Ice Cream, packaged teas, pastries, and the like.  This is what I get here *every* time I come.  It's all so delicious!Another thing you have to know about Tokyo Discount is that they really are discount.  Everything is cheap!  Get t-shirts for $5, and sodas for $1, whole china sets for under $20, facial products cheaper than Wal-mart, and you simply can't beat the prices on import CDs and DVDs (most, but not all).  Staff is friendly and helpful, as well.  Go see May, she's the best!
4	I love this store. There are so many inexpensive things to buy. I buy my Tupperware and office supplies here. They also have a great selection of gifts for all ages like Naruto for my nephew and/or Sanrio stuff for my niece. The merchandise here is not the best quality because you get what you pay for; but it sure is fun to shop here.
4	My daughter loves this store with that much Hello Kitty going on it's a three year old girls dream. The prices are a little hard to figure out some things are really good deals and some are just overpriced. The owner knows us when we come in now and they are all really friendly. The nice bonus is they are open fairly late. This is also a great place for last minute gifts on the way to kid B-day partys.
4	My ex-girlfriend introduced me to this place, and I have been going back there ever since. They actually have 2 stores in town, though I usually go to the Maryland/Silverado location since it is closer to my home. Both are pretty much the same, though my review is specifically for that location.Tokyo Discount is, essentially, a dealer of Asian products. Movies, music, toys, food and drink items, clothing, there is literally a little bit of everything here. There are even some obscure items you wouldn't expect to find at a place like this - even some car air fresheners!Additionally, the place is in an excellent location. It is in a large shopping center, right across the street from another large shopping center. This is an ideal, centralized location so you can come to the area and not only go here, but grab a bite to eat after, do your grocery shopping, and even hit up some movie rental places.My only complaints are the cluttered aisles (it's tough to get around in here when it's busy) and the often high prices (particularly on their DVDs.) Additionally, they have a "clearance" bin of expired food items. Is this legal? Oh well, I just won't buy anything out of it.Tokyo Discount is a superb store for all of your Asian-style merchandise needs. Honestly, I recommend this place over the congested-as-hell Chinatown Mall. Definitely a worthwhile shopping experience.
4	Surprisingly for a small store, this place had a lot of stuff! But also from California, the things here are just a tiny bit more expensive. If I lived in Las Vegas, I would come here a lot and would be my favorite place. Japantown in San Francisco have a lot of these stores and SUPER competitive. At home in San Gabriel, CA, there is also a store like this and also in Little Tokyo. But I really notice little difference in what they sell. Great place! Should also stop my Caked right across if your visiting.
4	Tokyo Discount is right around my neighborhood, and I love this fact. They have many things I need for Japanese cooking, and LOTS of stuff I don't need, but have to have anyways.The best place in Las Vegas for Japanese toys/figures that come in small boxes. Some will have a gross nasty pill of a candy to make it  a "candy with toy" kinda gimmick. If you like/love/know someone who likes Dragonball Z, Final Fantasy or Hello Kitty, it's worth your while to stop in and see what's new. Yes, they have LOTS of funky knick-knacks for the Vegas otaku. Their Japanese music soundtracks are quite limited, as are their subtitled DVD's. They carry mass-produced cosplay items from Hong Kong that for me look VERY cheap.They carry beauty products that you can't find anywhere else in Vegas, International Market included. The selection of interesting hair products alone is impressive. The line of 1-Day mascaras and liquid eyeliners they stock is EXCELLENT. It really does last all day with nary a flake or a smudge.Lots of houseware products, some make me shake my head in wonder WHY they made it. Japan makes some really bizarre stuff, and you can see a slice of it inside the store. Thankfully, their prices on the housegoods are very affordable so you don't feel too guilty for blowing $20 on unknown stuff.Oh, and they have UCC coffee in a can. If you've never tried it, GET SOME and be happy.
1	We visited this store and was impressed with the variety of Japanese goods. My son was interested in buying one of their big Mastergrade Gundam models. He asked the woman at the cash register a question about whether the model included a certain stand. The package is of course in Japanese and my son wanted to make sure of the contents before buying. The woman said she would get her helper to talk to my son, apparently because she couldn't translate the Japanese. The young man who came over did not answer my son's questions except to say that these models cost alot because they are from Japan. The young man spoke English very well so there wasn't a problem with a language barrier. My son got very frustrated and we left the store. My son has been building these kinds of models since before that young man was born. I feel that they treated my son like they thought he couldn't afford to buy it. They made a very expensive mistake. We are not from here so we cannot just pop back in the store. I wish I had known this had happened but I didn't hear about this until we had already left, or I would have talked with the store myself. It is unfortunate when a store presumes to know what a customer will buy or not. We are visitors and as such we went to several comic and collector stores in Las Vegas.  Tokyp Discount is the only one we had a problem with. My son would have bought that model if he could have been assured it included the piece he was asking about.  Sorry Tokyp Discount, you may have great merchandise, but you also need great customer service. We may come back next year when we return to LV. If we do, I hope we see an improvement in how you treat customers.
4	They cram so much hello kitty goodness and other Japanese imports into this tiny store.  I like how they carry stuff other than what's at Sanrio. I've been searching for these hello kitty shot glasses that were sold out online and at every Sanrio I went to. Low and behold Tokyo Discount had it. Only gripe is that there is no "discount" as the name suggests. No, you pay regular retail. But I suppose that's better than a mark up on the already steep prices. Now if they could get a frequent buyer rewards thing going, that would be awesome!
4	Omg, I love this place!!! They have the cutest little things, I swear. All from japan too!! They have a domo section! Pokemon galore! Mario, final fantasy, everything a japanaphile could ask for!!! Their snack section in the back of the store is also a real treat! I LOVE TOKYO DISCOUNT!!! The only downside is, you cannot go here without buying something! Everything is just so cute!
5	So much stuff here that I wanted to take home! They have a huge selection of HK stuff here,although it's the same price with the Sanrio stores at the mall. They have some great beauty prducts you can't get  anywhere else. Mochi ice cream! wee! This place does carry some expensive stuff I checked out a dvd of the entire ghibli studio movies and it was $90! otherwise get your bentos and HK stuff here.On another note, their return policy isn't like the majority of places here. If you return something ,you only get store credit and it's only valid for two weeks, same thing with using cards.
4	so much cute stuff here! i love that everything SANRIO brings me back to a great childhood. they're a little pricey but i'm assuming it's because everything is imported from Japan! which is good because it's authentic items. they have really cute knick-knacks such as HK planners, stationary, pens, pencils, mirrors, key rings, lunchbags, stuffed animals, tea sets etc. the squash (blue) car freshener refill is something that i buy at every visit, smells great and lasts a good while. they also japanese snacks like, strawberry gummy candy, mochi ice cream (selected flavors), chocolate covered fruit snacks, and more. definitely love coming in here and looking at their new shipment.
4	I love that this place is just about 2 min. from home for me. Hello Kitty and I are best friends so because this place sells Sanrio Items galore I am drawn to this place like a moth to a flame burn by the fire....(Janet Jackson song...)Anyways, after growing up on Guam I grew up on eating Japanese snacks so many of the snacks sold here bring me back to my childhood. This is the only place that you can find Aloha Maid Apple Iced Tea drinks and Meji Mango chocolate bars-not even the International market carries them....***Bring back the SALTED PLUM CANDY and the MANGO POCKEY PLEASE!!!!***Now other than the cool sancks and Sanrio stuff they do sell Japanese decor,make-up,various car air fresheners,lots of chopsticks, housewares,car stuff, Anime stuff,lots of sushi erasers,swords, jewelry, Japanese Hair dye, keychains, Japanese style wooden slippers, ect...For all the stuff they sell this is a small amost tiny by store size standards. So isles are thin but shelves are full. Some things are cheap and some things are expensive just like with any store. I have noticed though that snacks have gradually gone up in prices.    The owner is a very nice guy who you can easily talk to just like he's your friend. I think it was last year that someone tried to break into this place and broke their front window ruining a Hello Kitty poster-LOSERS,GO FIND A JOB!!!!!!
4	Fun shop to go into, brings me back to my childhood in NY.
5	My favorite store! If you like anything anime, hello kitty, japanese or video games this is a must go place! I go all the time and spend a lot of money there. I will say it is very expensive. Ii went yesterday and bought 5 things and it cost me 40 dollars. But i dont regret it i absolutely love the things i got.They sell wall scrolls. a lot of anime merch such as plushies, towels, figures, dvd's, posters, shirts.They also have a lot of japanese cups and tea sets.And a lot of yummy japanese snacks.
4	Love this place! Every once in a while I stop by to check out the merchandise and I must admit that I never leave empty handed. Prices are reasonable but a bit higher than some of the shops at China Town.
4	This is my favorite Tokyo discount location..From my knowledge there's no where in town quite like it.It is a bit crowded and you pay a premium for some of the things but it's definitely expected..Some of the other things are cheap though.It's a hit or miss but there is definitely some deals there.Their variety of Japanese goods, anime things, snacks, clothing is awesome.My one big complaint is the staff is so awkward when ever I frequent as if I'm going to steal something. Put up a corner mirror but don't make your guests feel uncomfortable.
4	My wife is from Japan and we stopped in here one day after a sushi-mon AYCE rampage when we first started dating. How could I have never known about this place?Since then the girl and I stop by usually once a month, we've bought dishes, picked up cosmetic products for her, a Japanese-style omelet pan, soba bamboo trays, and a new rack for my small yakitori grill.There is a small food area in the back, mainly candies, noodles, drinks, and other dry food goods.The main draw seems to be the huge Hello Kitty inventory (and other Sanrio character products), anime figurines, touristy Japanese t-shirts, character backpacks, slippers, and hats (like Totoro), and a big collection of Japanese plates, bowls, serving trays (get your own sushi boat!), and cups.Definitely worth checking out!
3	If you are in Vegas and need to find Japanese merchandises then this is the place to visit! A narrow long shop crowded with various imported items. Yes the prices reflect this but what do you expect? It's exprensive to import things. Good for all your bento supply needs, including rice molds, cut out shapes and cute little bento lunch boxes. They also have a nice selection of anime items and plush including lots of hello kitty.  If you like kawaii this is the place to be.Oh yes and one more thing...they have real melon pan! (japanese melon bread) so if you've ever wanted to sample what Rin religiously eats in DearS, then this is the place to find it!The hungry kitten says -  find fresh mochi and onigiri in the back fridges!
4	Went here on a visit to Las Vegas to see family. Loved it! There is such a short supply of these types of stores where I live. They didn't have as much Kawaii stuff as I would have liked...mainly just Hello Kitty and then Rilakuma, but it was good enough. A little pricey. Bought two kawaii keychains at 9 bucks a pop. An egg sushi plush cell phone holder for 13, and a pack of 2 cell phone charms for 9. My hubby bought a kingdom hearts tshirt for 20! we would have gotten 2 but there were no smalls for me. He was also thinking about a dragon ball z figurine but it was too much for him to actually justify buying it. Lots of cute bento boxes and kitchen items. So fun to look at the food section in the back. I even wanted to try melon bread but didn't remember to snatch one in the back. No squishes just lots of plush and kawaii accessories. I will visit again next time i'm in town.
3	Super small and cute Japanese store with lots of hello kitty and manga characters stuff you probably cant find at the regular mall stores. Great place to pick up a small gift or souvenir!!!
5	TONS of cool Japonesque kitchen gadgets - excellent knife selection. None of the ones I picked up were over $5. Hello Kitty and Pocky dominates, but there is so much more than that. Friendly staff. In the very back is a cool selection of food items I've not seen many other places. The refrigerated sweets I bought were extremely fresh. Def will be back.
4	Why is it called Tokyo "Discount" when everything is more expensive than Mitsuwa? When I lived in California, we had these type of stores on every street. Here in Clark County there is like 2 in the whole county. In San Diego County, we had stores named "Tokyo Lifestyle", which featured the same Japanese household appliances that TOKYO DISCOUNT has, but for half the price. Also, the workers were usually Japanese. Here at TOKYO DISCOUNT, the workers are usually just 16 year old high school kids from Henderson who are not of Asian descent. That's not a complete turn off.... From my experience, Japanese people who were born and raised in Japan are pretty airheaded and clueless about their own society. I was at a Japanese staffed appliance store once  and asked for a Zaru. The worker came back with a solar powered toothbrush. When I explained that a Zaru is a type of draining basket item, he just replies with "SO DESU NE" and then awkwardly looks at me for like 2 minutes with a strange blank stare. I even asked for simpler items such as "Milky's", and he still had no clue what I was talking about. I then informed him that it is the brand of candy that has "Peko-Chan" on the box. How can you live in Japan and not know who Peko-Chan is! WTF is wrong with public education in Japan these days? I know Mexican people in Guadalajara who know who Peko Chan is!Now, lets talk about Anime items. The Animes that were popular in Japan were not quite the ones that somehow became popular in America. Here is a question for you guys: What do you think is considered the most influential Anime in Japanese history by most Japanese critics? Was it Dragon Ball Z? Was it Pokemon? or was it One Piece? The answer= None of them. Most critics agree that the most influential anime in history was a G-rated story about a 5-year old girl: "The Girl of the Alps". TOKYO DISCOUNT does not sell merchandise from Classic Influential Animes.  Well, In LA County and Orange County we had stores named "Tamaya" which was owned by the very wise Hiro-San. You can go into Hiro's store and ask him a question like: "Who wrote and directed the 1979 Mobile Suit Gundam" or "What was the surprise twist ending in the final episode of the 1978 version of Galaxy Express 999" or even "Who was the singer and narrator of the 1973 Mazinger Z?". And Hiro could answer all the question within a split second. We just don't have people that cool here in Clark County. All we have are guys who scream "Gummy Gummy Fruit Fruit", and watch mind numbing-storyless animes for the blinking lights, the loud high pitched screaming noises, the ridiculous flying battles, and colorful explosions. If you are one of these guys I described, come to TOKYO DISCOUNT and have an orgy of fun. Also, this store is located in the same shopping center as Sushi-Mon, so  be extra careful because "The Eternal Lord of Darkness: Martin Koleff" might rise from his fiery grave and use his neon laser fangs to infect you with the Mon-virus. I heard if you say his name backwards it sends him back to hell. It's your only hope for survival. Why am I giving this place 4 stars instead of 1? Because like I explained above, us people of Japanese lineage are known to do stupid things.
3	Great Store if this will be your very first time exposed to basic basic Japanese stuff.. you must travel to L.A. if you're looking for the true selection. Kid's will love this place.
4	My daughter and I went to a school function at the Cici's Pizza next door.. after dinner we decided to look in the store... being fans of anime , Hello Kitty and all things Japanese. I can say we were delighted to see so many goodies and at decent prices imported from Japan to Las Vegas. We spent 30 or so mins perusing the aisles and saw soo many " I gotta haves" .. they have like  25 ( ok maybe not THAT many but close!) different flavors of Pocky  , was really excited to see green tea kitkats... they were awesome not too sweet just right! My daughter found a Pokeball and a necklace Tsunade wore in Naruto (anime) which she loves and wears daily! We will be back with my husband cuz he will flip when he sees the neat Guyver and other figures they have! The young lady behind counter was very friendly and helpful also! They have a great selection of tea services and sushi gear and kitchen tools also.
3	This is like a teeny tiny Daiso-like store, with an aisle of Hello Kitty, a few food items in the back, lots of kitchen tools that are definitely useful, bentos, school supplies, serving platters, and more.  It is a really cute place and everyone who works here is very helpful.  Lately, there have been a lot of green tea flavored sweets which are hard to find, including kit kats, nestle crunch bars, and pocky sticks, so that is a plus.  There are no food-related re-ment gum boxes or donabe, but there are sushi keychains and erasers, handroll holders, lacquer and plastic bentos, and other useful tools.  This is a fun stop for affordable and useful kitchen items and Japanese toys.
4	If this place reminds you of a store in little Tokyo called Tokyo discount,  there is a good reason. Located in the far right of the smith's shopping center, past Sushimon and close to CeCe's Pizza . The store has a little bit of everything you want from Japan. Whether its food shaped Erasers, sake sets, Japanese kitchen supplies, snacks from Japan, or Anime collectibles, they will have it and if they don't they can order it for you. This place has the largest selection of Hello Kitty goods in town! Far more than even the Sanrio stores and with some things being cheaper since they are directly from stores in Japan. Good place to get small things, usually recommend it to "Otaku" friends.
5	It was like Studio Ghibli, Hello Kitty, anime, and kawaii awesomeness all rolled into one! Taking a breather off of the strip, I ventured in here to see if I could score some pocky and hopefully some Ghibli items. Boy, did they not disappoint! Once you step inside you can see the place is packed to the gills with goodies, albeit a bit small in space. I am not too fluent on my Japanese yet so I was grateful that they had some signs up briefly describing that some of the items were. Basically they have all of the foodie favorites in here from Japan: Meiji, puffy corn cheese curls, milk chocolate, chocolate crunchies, rice crackers, ramune candy, fizzy drinks etc. Fun bento supplies too. They have cell phone accessories, dvd sets, kitchen supplies, skin care (Hado Labo and the like), hair color, makeup, posters, and basically tons more which I will forget to mention here. I purchased tons of the very best sunscreen and a few Totoro posters. A must stop if you love this stuff!!!
4	FIND EVERYTHING NIPPONYes, everything but a Japanese car and fish fish can be found here.  Hello Kitty in every shape and form, happy frogs, miniature replicas of comic heroes or villains, dolls that are plastic, porcelain or stuffed, dishware, cooking and eating utensils plus packaged instant ramen noodles, t shirts, can be discovered here.I purchased a little turquoise "Nagisa" kimmidoll as a gift for my hair stylist who I'll see later on Monday. The significance of turquoise brings to mind: "My spirit is still and quiet. To keep a calm composure amidst the noise and turmoil of life shows the strength of my spirit. May you always find within you a sanctuary of silence to bring... stillness in your soul." A most appropriate saying to describe my hair stylist.
2	Way way way too expensive for the products being offered!  There are other locations around town with much much better deals.However, it does have shelf after shelf of items to look at as you walk through. It borders on sensory overload.
5	Came here initially to pick up spoons for soup but the moment I stepped in here I was sidetracked to aisle #1 to the left which was dedicated to everything Sanrio HELLO KITTY!  Stationary, jewelry, purses, accessories,party and school supplies, toys , all kinds of novelties geared towards young kids and the young at heart. Even though the retail store is small they sure did make good use of the space.  They've made the aisles narrow to fit everything.  Its  jammed packed with imports from Japan. Tea sets, Anime stuff, cookies, ie Pocky in Mango and Green Tea. .and Oreo Cookies with Cheesecake filling! All kinds of candy too!  Picked up Green Tea Kit Kats for stocking stuffers. Oh and dishes. .what I came here initially for! Good choice selection for soup spoons!  As far as prices they charge here I think its fair and reasonable. Sure I can probably get some stuff cheaper elsewhere but items they stock are better quality, not that mass produced cheap junk you order from OTradingCo.  And yes it is at a discount.  I've paid more $ for HK jewelry elsewhere. Actually Mr. B said he paid $$ more and said this place was way cheaper.   Store employees were pretty helpful. Even walked me to the aisle and pointed out where the utensils I needed. This store is one of those stores where you'll spend more time in here than you should. My kinda store!
4	I LOVE Hello Kitty/Sanrio stuff and this cute store definitely had an abundance of it! I was specifically searching for a cute wallet case for my new S4 and previously,  most stores only carried hello kitty ones for iphones. I was so happy when the store clerk showed me several Hello Kitty and other cute cases for my phone and model. I ended up getting a cute hello kitty case. Although,  I did find it to be on the pricier side, I was willing to splurge on an already hard to get design for the case I wanted! :)
5	This was by far the best Japanese stores I've been too. Items are a bit pricey but its all worth it. They have a wide variety of sweets and savory snacks. I do wish the store would be bigger and they should open more locations up.  Overall I do recommend everyone to stop by.
5	They have all the best Japanese snacks and the cutest Rilakumma stuff!! I always find everything I need here from really good tweezers to my favorite snacks to all my cute gifts. I love this place, they also have a second location on the west side.
4	Into anime and looking for some pretty cool memorabilia? Enjoy japanese snacks and looking for that green tea kit kat your friend posted on instagram? Then look no further, Tokyo discount is the place to be!Korean owned Japanese store, this place has tons of items ranging from cosmetics to cutlery to food to anime collectibles.  The store is somewhat cramped with a lot of items but gives you a lot to look at.  I average 1-2 hours in this store just looking at all the cool items and trying to decipher what some of the items are (a lot of them are in japanese).  I would recommend coming earlier in the day when the japanese lady is working and able to translate what each items are.  A lot of the employees there are students who know almost no japanese but are always very friendly and try their best to figure out what each items are.Being into anime, they sell a lot of cool toys here.  From attack on titan t shirts to a whole aisle dedicated to hello kitty, there are a lot of cool things to find here.  Although they do have a good amount of anime collectibles, I would recommend going to anime revolution at town squareReturn policy: Store credit only!Overall: A well rounded Japanese store with tons to look at and very friendly staff
3	They have such cute stuff here and a lot of different items. From skin care to home necessities. I also think it's cool how they sell Japanese snacks in the back.But, their plush toys are way too expensive. I am not paying 25-35 for a 7 inch stuffed animal. I can order on ebay for a cheaper price and free shipping.
5	Today was my birthday. I had paid a visit to this place when it first opened, but today, my friend surprised me with the most amazing Hetalia poster. It came from this wonderful little store, with the amazing stock and kind workers.Amazing place, I will be spending my birthday money here...!! ^-^(wow I said "amazing" a lot XD)
