2	After taking an evening stroll, I decided to stop in to Gazette for a glass of red wine (a $14 cote du rhone) and an appetizer, the Black Fin Tuna Tartare served "on top" of a crab cake.For starters, the bartender and the hostess are quite welcoming and courteous. The bar/restaurant is gorgeous and clean and the decor of the walnut wood floors and beige interior match quite well with the cranberry red bar chairs which were very comfortable.I received my black fin tuna tartare which I noticed was NOT on top of the crab cake. Why describe it as so? The crab cake wasn't made fresh, it was very thick inside and didn't show any characteristics of crabby meat goodness that a good crab cake should. In fact, in my books, no more than 30-33% of the crab cake should be bread crumbs / filling of non-crabby goodness...most of the crab cake, 70%+ should be crab meat and that's what I'd consider a REAL crab cake. This crab cake was obviously 50-60% bread crumbs at a minimum...The orange mustard dipping sauce on the plate was beautifully presented however lacked flavor. The mixed greens in the middle of the plate were, well, mixed greens.Next time I'll walk out of the hotel and try something else.save your money and go somewhere else
5	i thought this place was phenomenal. i was staying at the westin and got in around 9 pm. my american iphone was not working and i refused to pay $15/mb of service to yelp an open restaurant. i walked around and everything was either closed or called burger king.so i wanted to try something different. and man oh man....this place was awesome.so here's what i got: roast atlantic black bass & crispy rock shrimp with roasted onion and porcini risotto, truffle butter sauceare you honestly going to tell me that that doesn't sound good? unless you don't like seafood, mushrooms, or good food, then yeah, i can imagine you wouldn't like this dish. nor will you like 42% of restaurants on yelp.yes, it's a little pricey, but so are movies that everyone goes to, cars that everyone drives, houses people own, or awesome meals like this. BOOOOOM KNOWLEDGE DROPPED.this was my first time to french canada, and this place i will always remember.
2	So I had a free breakfast here and tried it out.  It's a standard breakfast buffet with the usual eggs, bacon, sausages, home fries, some baked items, some fruit and some cereal.The odd breakfast buffet can be awesome but this one was definitely not.  Some of the items tasted funny and others tasted exactly like you would expect, being heated from underneath.Breakfast buffets are a terrible standard to be reviewing a restaurant by so I apologize but can only tell you to avoid it.  However if you don't want to get a crappy review for a breakfast buffet would it not make more sense to move to an a la carte menu?
1	My wife and I stayed at the Westin for 5 nights and they offer a $5 certificate if you opt to not have your room made up the night before. We did this 3 nights, so we had $15 in certificates. We headed out on our last night on the town and we decided to use our certificates at the bar. I asked how much a beer was? "$9.50" Fine, it was free money, but then my wife ordered a Diet Coke.I enjoyed my beer and my wife had her Diet Coke, which wasn't refilled once.We got our bill and our waitress went to ask her manager and they said we could only use $10 of the $15. (It didn't say anywhere on the certificate that you could not use more than one voucher at a time) Then we got our bill. $4 for a small glass of Diet Coke!!??!!Dear Lord! What a rip off place. What we thought would be a free quick drink turned out to be $6 after tip. Now I am not opposed to paying fair prices, but this was highway robbery. What should have been a wonderful start to an evening turned into a real bad taste in our mouths. A very big boo to Gazette, and Westin for housing them.
2	Not a great place to dine. I am staying at the motel so thought I would check out the restaurant in case I had some dinner meetings.   Hostess and waiter were nice and courteous.  Small and not too crowded.  Menu is fairly limited.  I had onion soup for an appetizer.  It was ok, not great.  For the main course I had a seared scallop and shrimp plate.  2 of each.   I actually sent it back as it was pretty non warm when I got the meal. (after a very long wait).  They brought it back seared more with the plate very warm.  It was ok. No real zest to it.  Maybe I wasn't that hungry after the long wait.  I am going to give it 2 stars.  For the price I will try a different restaurant tomorrow.
2	Sub Par for a Westin restaurant, breakfast buffet was free which was the correct price.
2	Overpriced for what we got. The hostess actually scoffed at us upon our arrival with some comment along the lines of wondering where she was going to put us. Um, the place was not even half full.  It took about fifteen minutes for a waiter to acknowledge us.  At least he was nice!  However, it did take a very long time for our meals to arrive.  The food was adequate if slightly bland, but in this town, you can find much better for much less.
