4	Ever since I started working downtown, I vowed to continue my personal tradition of rewarding myself with something yummy and sinful...kinda like a pat on the back for a job well done for the week. In my previous life as a PR bitch in the private sector, I rewarded myself with libations--vodka/tonics with two limes for extra Vitamin C; vodka Collins with three maraschino cherries instead of one; cranberry and vodka because I heard it cleanses out your urinary tract; a dirty martini for those super grueling weeks.Alas, when I started to work in the public sector, still in PR, I knew I couldn't pull that shit anymore. I had to re-vamp my rewards structure and take out the "sinful" from "yummy and sinful." That's when I discovered fro-yo...that's frozen yogurt to you all.My co-worker took me out for coffee one day and quickly mentioned that there is a locally owned frozen yogurt shop on Washington and First Streets. She said they give hefty portions, so I thought to myself that this might just be a good replacement for my vodka concoctions.The place is called A Touch of Yogurt, and their fro-yo is yummy to the tummy. They are pretty generous with their servings, and the toppings you choose to include in your fro-yo. And then when I did some diggin' about fro-yos, I found out fro-yo can: 1. Help to overcome lactose intolerance; 2. aid digestion of milk protein: 3. help prevent and combat digestive tract infections. Okay...fro-yo had me at "overcome lactose intolerance..." that's all I'm going to say about that! They change their menu of flavors...you know, to mix it up a little...keeps you guessing. But no matter what flavors they have available, I am sure that you will find one so satisfying. So Fridays, I've officially declared Yvette's Fro-Yo Fridays. I order my "small," sit on one of the outdoor tables, and stare at politicians, lawyers, bums, construction workers, delivery people, while enjoying a mouth-watering serving of fro-yo. Hey feel free to join me every Friday for FRO-YO Fridays around 12:30-ish. Oh but not this Friday I'm in San Francisco. So just for this week...FRO-YO THURSDAY!Anyway...I give it 4 stars...because, let's face it...it might be yummy, but it still ain't ice cream!
3	I've worked downtown for two years and had never stopped in to the froyo shop.  This is unfortunant since the owners are so lovely and their product is decent.I can't say I like it better than Yogurtland in Tempe (see my review) but it is a good alternative in a pinch.  Like David B. says, they serve Miss Karen's frozen yogurt, so it is not tart like the newer PinkBerry or its clones throughout the US.  Also, you won't be able to have unlimited toppings or serve yourself the yogurt. Not as much fun.  But again, if you are looking for a non-fat alternative to ice cream, this is a great place to stop in. I had their sugar-free standard flavor (raspeberry) it was tasty. I do like to go there in the afternoon during my workday.
3	Pretty good yogurt.  Its downtown so its a little big pricey but overall I would say its a good place to get dessert or a treat during your busy day.  They update a new flavor pretty regularly.  Today I had the carrot cake.  What I like about them is they put the toppings in the middle and on top.  So you don't get gipped! Like some other places.  They also have smoothes and yogurt to go. The place is very clean, the people are nice and dessert is good.  Stop in for a treat!
4	I think Yvette has the right idea for an afternoon treat. The one problem is, I couldn't wait until Friday, I had to go today. It is the perfect afternoon distraction . . . er . . . um . . . I mean treat . . . perfect afternoon TREAT! There was a time that I was completely hooked on afternoon frozen yogurt and going almost daily. The winter weather helped break me of that addiction and now I'm back on what others would consider a "normal" schedule. I love that the flavors change every day and you can print a calendar from their website showing the schedule of flavors. There are about eight different flavors in any given day, and one of them is a "No Sugar Added" flavor. The OCD side of me really shines when a new month starts. I print the calendar, take out my highlighter, highlight all of my favorite flavors and those of my fro-yo addicted coworkers, and hang the calendar outside my cube wall. That way it is much easier for us to tell when we need to work time into our schedule to hit the yogurt shop. The flavors that are typically highlighted are: - Chocolate Covered Banana & Marshmallow (served on the same day, really good as a swirl) - Pistachio (really good with almonds as a topping, I tried getting pistachios as a topping and it was a little much) - Butterscotch (reminds me of pudding cups back in the day) - German Chocolate & Caramel Custard (also served on the same day and very good as a swirl) - Irish Cream & Kahlua (not served on the same day, but the closest thing to drinking at work) - S'mores (delicious with a graham cracker topping) - And every once in a while I like the Reese's with (you know it) Reese's as a topping!! See, with so many delicious flavors, it was hard NOT to go everyday. They have plenty of other flavors as well. The only one that I tried that I was not a fan of was the Root Beer Float. The flavor was there, but it wasn't the same without the soda! Either way, stop by in the afternoon for a sweet treat, and maybe I'll see you there!
3	In working Downtown I often times find myself walking blindly between point A and point B, not paying much attention to the little nook and crannie shops along the way.  On one of my many visits to Yelp this is a place that caught my interest!   I stopped in on one of my walk breaks.  It appears their flavors rotate and they have several toppings to choose from.  I decided to go for small mix of the Berry Sorbet and Almond White Chocolate (no toppings).  The Berry Sorbet was nice creamy, fresh berry tasting and just slightly tart.  The Almond While Chocolate was good but tasted to synthetic for my buds.   The small was just right for the afternoon pick-me up!
4	I found this place on my second to last day in Phoenix and I wish I'd come sooner.  I thought it was really affordable and they had some awesome flavors.  I ended up getting caramel while my coworker got banana with strawberries mixed in.  The guy working was really friendly and actually thanked us for stopping by...I can't remember the last time I got such friendly service.  Definitely recommend if you're downtown.
4	Nothing like a touch of yogurt on a hot (or cold) day.  The owners are so friendly, I love it.  The smell of sugar cones wafting in the air when you walk in is heavenly.  Something about this yogurt here, I don't know what it is but it tastes so good and creamy and not a chemically tone to them at all.  It tastes real, fresh and plopping down inside is a perfect way to enjoy some time away from the office and watch the busy-ness going on around you outside.
4	Now after my first visit and review I've been back a  few more times. On my most recent I was having a sugar splurge kind of day. I decided on a Medium and opted for the Monday special of one free topping.  Having sampled the low fat carrot cake flavor and its spice cake like flavor, I figured its would go well with chocolate and I topped it all with almond rocca. Oh boy, they filled the cup with both flavors halfway sprinkled a few spoonfuls of almond rocca then proceeded to fill the cup with more yogurt and another couple spoons of rocca. Needless to say this made my Monday soooo much better.
5	This is such a great downtown business!  The owners make you feel welcome and remember your name and your preferences.  They even get peanut butter yogurt samples ready when they see our dog walking up - now that is great service!
4	Across the street from my office is a bad place for this yummy, delicious place to be. Have mercy on my waistline! Anyway, it's delicious -- every day some new frozen yogurt flavors and always the veritable plethora of toppings. What I love about them is that they layer the frozen yogurt with whatever topping(s) you choose, so that it's all mixed together. I usually walk in with a taste for something, especially chocolate and peanut butter or vanilla and chocolate, and the owners always know just how to help me out. They always give free samples, so try whatever you want before committing to it! Yum!
5	Great little yogurt place.  At first I wasn't sure about not being self-serve, but it actually worked so that I wouldn't serve myself too much and wind up throwing yogurt away.  I like how they layer toppings for you and are willing to mix and match.
3	This yogurt place is just that, a non self-serve yogurt place. The yogurt is tasty, but not exceptional, and none of the fruit toppings are fresh. For some with a sugar tooth, this yogurt place may be ideal for you. However, I am not a fan of syrupy fruit or thawed out frozen fruit. They also offer assorted candy toppings for the yogurt. The staff is pleasant and accommodating; very friendly. The atmosphere is pretty typical for a yogurt place and is very clean. The location is ideal for persons with a sweet tooth working in the downtown area.
5	Carrot cake yogurt with granola - yum!  I got a small and should have gotten a mini cup.  The small was more than ample.  Great flavor and topping choices.
5	I have been back a couple of times since my first review.  The yogurt is delicious and they offer a wide variety of flavors and toppings.  The service is very personable and friendly.  This is a downtown gem.
