3	Just happened to spot this location on my way home last week so I made it a point to stop in.  It is in a re-purposed chain drugstore building that also house a Chase bank and a Verizon store.  I asked the fellow making my burrito how long they had been open and he said about 2 months.The burrito was the same great overstuffed one I am used to.  My choice was carnitas, pinto beans, fajita veggies, green salsa, sour cream, cheese, lettuce.  That combination ends up being really runny so I was a mess by the time I was finished. :-)The interior has high ceilings broken up by sound insulation and hanging lights.  Most of the seating is community tables, mostly high tops, with fixed seating done in industrial gray and plywood.  I wasn't impressed.I like having a location close enough I can run over at lunch.  It wasn't real busy there and without much in the way of offices to drive their lunch business I hope they do well.  It certainly was not very busy when I was there.  Part of that may be due to the seemingly endless construction on that stretch of Northern.
4	One of the few Chipotle locations without insane lines, at least around 1-2pm.  Moves fast.  Food fresh.  Tables clean.  Parking decent.  But I could do without all the homeless people loitering the grounds.
4	When you don't feel like a full restaurant and you want more than the normal Mexican fast food, Chipolte fits the bill.The food is always fresh, the service is fast and it's affordable.Don't know why that Scott guy says the building is a re-purposed chain drug store building.  I don't remember what was there before but it was never a drugstore.  And who cares what else is in the building?  You're there for the food.
3	Chipotle is always a favorite in my family. Good healthy fast food works when you're on the road and didn't pack a lunch. This place has recently added brown rice which ups the health meter!
5	I just love Chipotle. Fresh, yummy, spicy (if you want it to be). And the restaurant was clean a HUGE plus! My personal fav is the chicken burrito, no rice, no beans w/ fajita veggies, pico, cheese, sour cream, and lettuce. Guacamole and hot sauce on the side. So delicious!!! The person who did our order was so nice! It was my friend's first Chipotle experience! She was impressed by how big the burrito was. I'm glad I only live a few blocks away... because I will be back.
1	We use to come here all the time when it first open and there staff was very friendly and great service.  But the las few times we had bad experiences, FELT TREATED UNFARILY AND RUDE CUSTOMER SERVICE.  NEVER NEVER NEVER GOING BACK!!!!
4	If I've got to have some fast food, I may as well get something I enjoy. Chipotle always seems to hit the spot without being a grease bomb. I've had some issues with using the order ahead on the site and coming to pickup (showing up at or after recommended time and they didn't even have the order in front of them) but they usually can still have me in and out in a few minutes.I haven't tried too many of the other things but everything I have tried, I've liked. My drug of choice? Black beans, sour cream, lettuce and pico, hot, and corn salsas.
5	Service was awesome today. Busy and employees were so nice.  Better customer service than the Chipotle in downtown Phoenix. I will never go to that Chipotle because of rude service
5	Clean,fast and all the staff greeted with smiles and worked as a team! I already love Chipotle but with it being welcoming it made this visit great! Thanks Chipotle staff keep up the good work!
1	My eight year old vegetarian son wanted a cheese quesadilla. What he got for his $3.25 was a super-thin and greasy object the size of a CD folded in half. He was quite upset, so I suggested he write Chipotle Corporate. What he received back from Chipotle, was a very terse note telling him he should have ordered something bigger, if he left hungry. We will not visit such an aloof, uncaring place like Chipotle again. Disappointed with your food? Too bad!!!. You have no recourse.
1	They were out of cheese?!? What Mexican food restaurant is out of cheese? The guy that was in the process of making our burritos prepped our food up until we noticed they were out of cheese!! So he casually walks back to "look" for some cheese but came back and said they were out? To be quite honest their customer service recently has gone down hill. It just seems like whenever you ask them to make something other than a burrito they give you attitude? We won't be going back to this particular chipotle, they have lost some dedicated customers for life.
5	This is by far the BEST Chipotle location ever. I go here often. The staff are always friendly. They talk and carry conversations with me every time. This location is quick and clean. I could not ask for a better location!!!
2	Let me preface this review with the fact that I go to Chipotle a lot.  I went there for lunch today and got a steak burrito and put the usual rice, beans, Pico, cheese, sour cream, and I get guac on the side.  The steak had barely any flavor and was very chewy.  It was like half of my pieces were gristle.  The guacamole I put on the burrito with a fork because they slop it on otherwise; it had no flavor and the color was off as well.  I pretty much go to Chipotle for the guacamole and this was the worst I had.  $10 for this burrito was way overpriced and I ended up throwing much of it away because of the lack of flavor.  The line was so long I didn't want to complain but this makes me think twice about visiting this location.
5	The food is always delicious. The freshest best sourced ingredients prepared fresh each day! The selection is perfect with the right amount of options. My favorite is a bowl with white rice, pinto beans, fajitas, chicken, fresh tomato mild salsa, and guacamole. The chips are amazing, made fresh each day. Even during their peak hours, the line moves very quickly. 15 people in front of me today and I had my food in about 5 minutes. I haven't tried it yet, but the margaritas look yummy. The employees working are always super friendly, they actually visit the dining room to check on the food and ensure the tables are clean.
