5	Bulsho Restaurant is a great East African/Somali restaurant. It's located in a dingy little strip mall and the parking lot is full of cabs and seems to be where a lot of the Somalians hang out, which speaks to it's authenticity. The decorations and decor is meager, but the food and hospitality are top notch. And, after all, the food is what it's all about.We had the special, the chicken Biryani and the chicken leg and rice. The portions were huge, platter size, and food was amazing. The meals are large enough for two people to share and guaranteed leftovers. I ordered mango juice to drink and they brought us an entire pitcher.They have sandwiches, soups, currys and most entrees are served with basmati rice. You have your choice of beef, chicken, goat, but no pork, most Somalis are Muslims. For the less adventurous, they even have pasta on the menu, including a homemade version of Fettuccine Alfredo. This is one of those places that makes Yelp great. Who knew we had an East African restaurant?So when you finally get the nerve to experience some real culture and some great food, go check out Bulsho. The staff makes you feel welcome and the food is wonderful. Be adventurous. Explore. Eat. Experience.
4	Had to make a u-turn since I missed the unassuming Bulsho. Despite that we arrived quite near the closing hour, the guys here were very accommodating.The menu includes all your protein needs...though unfortunately due to the late arrival, goat and lamb were out of stock. Instead, our guy suggested that he would whip something up for us- if we liked it, good, if we didn't, he'd bring us something else. We liked it... and so we were presented with more plates of these grilled meats, pita, and chappati to consume, accompanied the perfect blend of spicy, acidic, and sweet sauces. There was a point where we are all so consumed by consumption that there was this silence- we each were all concentrated in our own little feasting worlds. For a party of three, the grand total was a mere $18. Will return, perhaps for an all day affair of breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
4	The Phoenix East African Community Center.October 17, 2009I forgot my camera.Food 1.5 of 2Service 1 of 1Cleanliness .7 of 1Ambiance .3 of 1This is the place in Phoenix for watermelon and mango juice, goat curry, faba beans, biryani, and some of the finest flat bread I've ever tasted. Not to mention soccer and football on a large-screen TV. Good food, Cost for 2 lunches including tax , $18.00
3	It is now called Tariq they just changed the name.  I went for a late lunch early dinner and had the Chicken Baryanni.  It was really good and the portion size was huge.  I took home a good amount and left stuffed.  My total meal was $8 and for the portion size it was well worth it.  The only reason it didn't get a better rating is the inside isn't too nice and the wait was a few minutes before I even got a menu.  I will order out from now on.  I also didn't get to try the goat that I went there for as they only do that at night during dinner time.  I will be back for that as the food I had was great.  The waiter said they are going to change the inside and even add a late night window.
4	It's like going to East Africa without getting on a plane.I just went there for lunch today, and let me say that for 1/2 an hour I sure wasn't in America any more - it was an immersive and tasty experience that I'm sure to do again, soon. For a start, they didn't have a menu, so I asked what the lunch special was and he started saying a few things in a strong (Somali/Ethiopian) Arabic accent that included goat, so I said - "Sure I'll try it" without really knowing what was going to happen.  And now to the experience. He brought me a can of Pepsi (no diet drinks here and I didn't wan't to risk the ice cubes in the water) and gives me a fork, a spoon and a banana. Whatever, I think "well this is different" as I wonder when to eat my banana. As I'm drinking my Pepsi I started looking around and realize that the only other people are male east african taxi drivers eating injera and curry with just their RIGHT hand.  Well it's a good thing I know how to do that too! (because I didn't want to stand out even more than is possible as the lone white guy speaking english in a restaurant full of genuine Africans speaking Arabic).Then the food arrives - a huge plate of buttered rice seasoned with green herby flecks of stuff and smelling delightful. And the guy says - "you wanted goat - yes? Because it's grilling and will be out soon" So I said yes and started on the rice. A minute later a huge plate of cubed goat and a side salad with Italian dressing comes out and lands in front of me.  I say cubed goat because that's was happened to this poor beastie.  The meat consisted of apparently random 2-3 inch cubed chunks of goat ribs and legs complete with attached tendons, a couple of arteries, some fat, muscle meat (steak) and so on. It tasted GREAT! Seasoned well, and grilled with seasoned onions too.The other customers - As I was eating my rice, salad and goat with just my right hand, more of the regular clientele came in and looked universally stunned to see me there. When they looked down, saw that I was eating with just my right hand in the same Arab manner as them, in mere seconds they accepted me as just another diner at lunchtime. It was actually really cool to see the waryness and prejudice on their faces evaporate in seconds to be replaced by acceptance.Would I go there again - heck yeah! But, and here's a BIG but. I wouldn't ever go with that person at the office that we all know, you know - the one who makes loud and snarky (sometimes racist) comments when they feel uncomfortable in a new situation.  At lunchtime the Tariq Restaurant is a working (East African Arab) man's lunch place.  I wouldn't recommend this place for a women-only group to go for lunch and feel comfortable.  If you're a woman and want great East African food, then this is the place, but from the vibe in there I reckon you'll enjoy it more if you go in with a man, or in a mixed group.
4	Understated, huge portions, and delicious!  Love Gavin F's first comment - it's so true!  The whole East African Center around the restuarant only adds to the authentic feel.  I headed there on a lazy Saturday to check out this place I've driven by 248 times and my expectations were definitely exceeded.  First glance over the menu shows literally everything listed at $9.  There's a kicker to that which I'll touch on in a moment.  The atmosphere was definitely strange, but didn't detract from the experience.  It was a little weird watching Gladiator on TNT and dining on Northeast themed table coverings (lobster and lighthouses? What the heck??).  I grabbed the curry chicken, which was listed at $9, and did not expect the sheer size of the plate that was to come out.  It was about the size of a Domino's medium pizza and was packed with really good chicken, a small salad, and plenty of rice.  It was so good I couldn't stop eating it, and ended up leaving the place with that classic American, uncomfortably-full feeling.  The icing on the cake was when I went to ring up my chicken and a bottled water - the total was $7!  I must've hit a lunch special on the weekends or something but needless to say I left happy.  Definitely worth a try even if you've never had African food before.
4	This restaurant is closed.  In the same shopping mall is Juba's Mediteranean, which I went to instead.  The food was very good, portions generous, and price modest, so they have basically replaced Tariq.  The Somali taxi guys still are hanging out in the parking lot.
4	Five stars for overall value, taste, portion size, and friendly service. Only a one star deduction for atmosphere (decor and somewhat bare bones feel). I love this place though and will always be a repeat customer, it's close to me and its easy on my wallet, as a somewhat starving student, they really help you stretch a dollar. Their portion sizes alone would be reason enough to return, but the food is also very flavorful, char-grilled spiced chicken with saffron rice. The pasta is great and you can't stop eating it.I'm also addicted to their house sauce kept readily available in great pour bottles, I think it's Bisbec. Since I grew up in a Spanish home, it reminds me very much of salsa de tomatillo, it's amazing and spicy, it really compliments all their wonderful selections.Get over the surroundings, everyone is very friendly and kind.I'm starting to crave them as I right this review, and am starting to salivate over hear... They're a great neighborhood place, and I'll continue to visit whenever I crave wonderful and authentic Ethiopian/Somalian/Mediterranean food....
