5	Now this is my place! The ladies here are super dyke friendly lol Susan cut my hair today, the last time I came in....gosh I wish I could remember her name, she's a spunky hispanic woman in her late thirties that has another dyke client. Anyways I digress, the point is even if your regular girl isnt theyre anyone of them know how to use the clippers and give you a great fade. Susan was hella quick, bing bang boom and knew to strech the skin when using the full open 3 zero so you dont get horrible shadows. They are quick to usher you in, friendly, they remember you. When you walk in EVERYONE acknowledges you and theres not much of a wait if it all (now that I post this dont flood my shop on Saturday!!! lol)  When its computer time in and out. No dilly dallying flirting with other clients (asI have seen at other sports not just in Vegas) or any airhead manuevers on the computer with a blank stare like earlier today. Right next door is a Jersey Mikes and a Sonic. So if your family needs to be entertained they can go grab a sundai. Also, this one has lolli pops for the kids and they are totally chill when your a dad like me and gotta have baby in tow strapped into the stroller.
4	I'm like a chick when it comes to a bad haircut... if it's bad, I'll want to cry, eat chocolate, chinese food, and drink pinot grigio until the pain goes away. But since I'm writing a barber shop review to a bunch of men, I'll focus on the important things here.1) The haircut is fine. I've never walked out of here with a bad haircut.2) The TV's have sports on them.3) The prices are fair for a haircut.4) I've farted in the chair while getting a haircut, and I think they might be used to it. Nobody said anything. Just a tip for the future... it's okay to fart here while getting your haircut!**5) For men like myself who use product, they've got a decent selection here.6) There's a nail salon next door if you really want to pamper yourself.7) There's a sandwich shop and a sonic next door. Plan your day accordingly.I guess that just about covers it.** - This never happened, but try it and play a mean trick on your stylist. Let me know how it goes!
1	Worst female barbers of all time.  Learn to cut black hair or go back to beauty school or something
