2	Really hate writing 1-Star reviews, but my wife and I exhausted all options. After months of arguing over a $60 balance that was simply un-fair (was called back into the office to review lab results which they said were concerning, ended up being normal and could have told me over the phone), NVFM sent the bill to collections. We've tried contacting NVFM numerous times before then to work out something... anything, but all they would do is say they would talk to the doctor and call us back. They never called back, just kept sending a bill. Sorry guys, hope it was worth it.Update:Office called and removed the $60 balance (coincidence?). Not sure that's worth an extra star but whatever.
1	My husband and I decided to go there to get a primary care doctor and I chose Patti Timlick who was a joke. She had no concern about any health issues and was unprofessional. She didn't worry about why I was really there and made me come up with a reason she could bill my insurance, couldn't just be a well check up. I will not return there and will not recommend anyone.My husband saw Dr. Donald Middleton a few weeks later and pretty much had the same experience. Extremely unprofessional. He was told to put his cell phone down as it distracted the doctor and all he simply was doing was inputting notes from the visit into his notepad. He Also questioned my husbands spirituality when his anxiety and stress concerns were brought up. Needless to say we have looked for other PCPs as a result oh this experience.
1	This office has been our primary care physicians for a couple of years, I haven't had any complaints until now.  Several weeks ago I came down with an ear infection coupled with TMJ...went to urgent care for antibiotics...3 weeks later I still have the infection and my ears are filled with fluid, my jaw is in excruciating pain!   :'(I called Deborah Solomon's office make an appointment and was told I couldn't have an appointment because I still owed $50 from 2012! Now mind you I've been to the office several times in 2013!They said the insurance company didn't pay...I called the insurance company, was told the doctor's office submitted the paper work as Out of Network instead of Participating Provider...called the office back, a NASTY 'Mitch' told me she's been there 25 years and they don't make mistakes!  I called back to speak to the office manager, yep, Mitch got on the phone again and told me she's also the office manager! Still will not give me an appointment!  Very unprofessional! Now it's Saturday, I'm sitting here in excruciating pain with no where to turn for help!   :'(I highly recommend staying away from this office!
