3	Zero dairy-free coffee options and no vegan-friendly breakfast choices.  Vegetarian menu available for lunch but since I order without the mayo and cheese, it left me with a dry sandwich with only the flavor of the veggies.  The chips were good and looked freshly made, but were the saltiest chips I've had in a very long time.Free wi-fi. Yay!  No power sources.  D'oh!  Place looked newly (and hastily) painted so well-kept.  Just a handful of 2-tops and one 4-top table inside, though.Water Street is desperate for eateries, so I'm sure this place is great for omnivores.  Very nice gentleman working the desk and open very early (7 am) which is nice for those of us only down there for car service nearby.  They have a coffee happy hour from 7-9 for 50% off, too, which would've been great -- had they carried a non-dairy milk.I overheard other diners really enjoying the French Dip sandwich of the day, so my review is only for the more healthy-minded.
5	Absolutely love this place. I'd agree with everyone who says it's a hidden gem. I don't live close by at all but I frequent this place once a week. The food is reasonably priced and the staff is warm and welcoming. They have specials going all the time. I love the quiche and caprese salad!!! My wife always order the sandwiches for the fresh baked baguette, they are to die for. For us early birds, there is the coffee and tea happy hour at 50% off! I will be definitely coming back to try more things off the menu. Happy eating!!!
4	Yay!  A place that delivers breakfast to work!  I always get their breakfast burritos, add hash browns (and sometimes avocado).  It is so good.  My coworker usually gets a bagel breakfast sandwich.  They also have yummy baked goods like cookies and cinnamon rolls.  I haven't tried them for lunch yet but am looking forward to it.  Their soup and sandwiches look really good.  Their delivery hours used to start at 10 am and Zach would deliver early for us which was really nice.  They now deliver earlier, starting at 8 am I believe.  If you live or work in the downtown Henderson area give them a try!
5	Love Love Love this place! Amazing food, great prices, wonderful people! This business is a prime example of how service should be!!! Thanks Lady Luck.
5	Yumm, yumm, yumm! Super good, quick and did I say yummy! The staff was very nice and made a great sami!I am out this way once a month or so, I will be back..Congratulations on you awesome eatery Lady Luck!
1	Drove all the way here and they are closed for maintenance until end of May. I just wish that businesses that are on yelp would make us aware of these types of things, bc now I have a bad taste in my mouth...
4	Had the quiche florentine and it was really good. Also had a shaken mocha iced coffee and it was really good. The only complaint I have is that the restaurants has a weird smell but besides that they have a grade A from the health dept and the food was good.
