5	The main reason we seek out Hot Dog on a Stick is for...the lemonade!  It's perfectly sweetened and refreshing on a hot day.  While we tend to go for the regular lemonade, we have also tried the cherry lemonade.  And you know what?  It's all good!  I wish Hot Dog on a Stick was near where I live!  When we head to the Southwest, a trip to Hot Dog on a Stick is a must-do.  Yes, we've tried the hotdogs and liked them.  However, while good, we don't long for them when we're home.  The lemonade is another story!The Hot Dog on a Stick in the Fiesta Mall has never disappointed us.  The staff is friendly and efficient.  One time I asked for a small empty cup to pour a little lemonade in it in order to take some medication that has to be added to a small amount of liquid.  The staff gave me a cup without giving me a hard time or charging me any money for it.In conclusion, if you haven't tried the lemonade, I highly recommend that you do so!
4	Today was my first time trying Hot Dog on a Stick and let me say I'm a fan!!!! I loved corn dogs but boy oh boy do they do them right. I loved that they were made fresh and their lemonade is amazeballs. Yes, this is technically mall food (or even carnival food) but it really hits the spot. I wish I would've ordered two. Looks like I have a new reason to head to the mall.
3	Decent corn dogs - they make them right in front of you too (which can take awhile). I had to pop down to the Orange Julius to get a Coke (they only have lemonade here). I abhor mall food in general, but this is passable for a quick cheap bite.
2	My daughter and I were in Fiesta Mall waiting for some eyeglasses to be made, so we wondered down to the food court.  We had a coupon for this place, and it's' as good as any other in this old outdated mall.  They dip the dogs right before they cook them, so that's a good thing.  But the dogs came out and they were really greasy, so that tells me either the grease is really old, it's not hot enough, or both.  We also got some churros, and I think I had a small heart attack after I ate them, they were so greasy.  I guess if you are hard up for something to eat, then this would be your place.
5	Great food and friendly staff! I visited this location and ordered a couple cheese dogs. The gal working was very nice and had me spin their coupon wheel. The food was very good too! No complaints!
4	I don't corn dog much but when I do, I like this joint. I was craving it so baby girl & I enjoyed some corn dogs, fries & a cheese corn dog thing. Service was good & friendly & quick. what more can you expect
