3	Located in Terminal 4 of Sky Harbor Airport (just outside of security before heading down escalator to baggage claim) is a convenient place to stop when you get off of that early a.m. flight and had not yet had a bite to eat. Bagels, spreads, breakfast and deli sandwiches. While the service wasn't slooow, the people who work there are definitely confused. I had to pay three separate times since they kept forgetting to ring items up. Bagel. Check. Special spread, oh I didn't get that. Check. Bottle of water, you wanted that too? Oh, now I ran out of dimes, I'll be right back (BTW, in case you didn't know, 2 nickles = 1 dime or 10 pennies = 1 dime). After the morning, have them toast your bagel since it may be starting to get hard after sitting in the bins exposed to air for a few hours.
2	Horribly slow service here, except when the really tall guy is working.  Hummus was disgusting with huge chunks of chickpeas in it.  Any degree of complexity in the egg & cheese bagel order and they seem to manage to screw it up.  Who would have thought swiss is so complicated vs. american cheese?
4	I love Einstein Bros. They are located right outside of TSA checkpoint A gates at Sky Harbor..once you get in thru security.. good luck finding anything half way healthy.. SO its this or its Paradise Bakery.. which I get bored with..Einstein has tasty bagels and schmear..but also a lighter version of sammys. I like the turkey lightened sammy. I get it often and I love it. The bagel is more like half the size. AND I think it's delish! The people here are friendly. Its airport pricing.. the only thing I dislike.
3	They had bagels and I needed something to eat early at the airport. Not much to it beyond that. I suppose I like their non-airport retail locations better, but what can you expect from the airport?
4	A great road stop. consistent and tasty.Coffee isn't too bad, though these are often situated next to (or within walking distance from) McDonalds.. er.. I mean Starbucks.
1	Closed. Sad.Replaced with ANOTHER Starbucks.... sigh.
