5	This is the best sports book in town.  You have NFL Sunday that is fantastic where you and 2,000 or so other fans gather to watch the games.  Best betting lines in all of Las Vegas and this book is the world reknowned. During games drink specials, giveaways, tons of seating and something for everyone. The best spot to spend your Super Sunday's!
5	The most recognized sports book in Las Vegas.Very spacious with lots of seating but it does get full pretty quick due to the popularity among bettors and sport fans alike that prefer coming here.There are many TV screens showing and covering every sport you can bet on in the main sports book section.My favorite section is the Ultimate Fan Cave, it is separated, non-smoking, has 40 comfortable seats, 3 big screens and another 4 smaller TV screens along the right sidewall. No need to leave the premises if hunger strikes, you'll find about 3 eateries in and around the vicinity.When it comes to the odds, it has the same as other books in Vegas it seems but as you know, odds and spreads can change at any minute without notice. So if you come to bet or just watch the game, this is one of the best sport books to do it and enjoy it!
5	The former Hilton is hands down the best place to watch games, especially on Sundays for Football Central. They have a whole theater showing the games in addition to the sports book, the most reliable spreads for betting, and the cheapest beer (priorities) ;) It's the next best thing to actually being at the game (even better actually cause the beers are cheaper!) Especially when my team wins...Go Panthers ;)
1	impossible to convey what an absolute inept operation westgate sportsbook presents. the attitude there is surely impacted by the incredible incompetence of management - minor  problems encountered are dealt with total disdain for the customer, rather than even attempting to accomodate. the trickle down of disrespect for the hand that feeds them is attributable to the manager, who revels on  radio talk shows about how well the book succeeds in beating up the players. it is amazing that someone in that positon could be so arrogant and not be noticed by upper level management as being such a dunce. the days of gambling with dignity and honor are long gone in this den of dubious characters!
