3	The outlet mall in Anthem gets its own self-serve yogurt shop. i discovered this by accident on the same day they were having some mall-wide special, which was opening day for said yogurt shop. Pandemonium. I admit, this probably biased my opinion a little bit. Lots of confused people, lots of "Wow... you do it yourself! What a great idea!", as if this was somehow a new concept. Maybe in Anthem...? The lines were wicked long because people insisted on redeeming their 10% opening day coupons (that saved you, what, fifty cents? Way to go, champ!), but that gave me lots of time to eat the pieces of Kit Kat off the top of mine before I paid. (Come on, they don't weigh anything compared to the yogurt.)So yeah. These yogurt places are pretty much all the same, except for Yogurtland (next to Sprinkles) which is far superior, but it's nice to have the option at Anthem which is otherwise a deep-fried, extra cheese covered monstrosity.
4	My mom and I were doing some shopping at the outlet mall and came across Yogurberry. It looked cute and inviting, so we gave it a shot and were very pleased.  Since my mom is diabetic, she tends to avoid these types of treats, but since the yogurt was fat-free and low in carbs, she felt good indulging in a little treat.At first we were a little confused by the setup, but caught on quickly and picked a flavor.  A lot of people were sampling flavors, but we decided to just delve into the Mango flavored yogurt.  We added some toppings, paid a pretty inexpensive $2.30, and enjoyed the yummy, creamy, fat-free yogurt.The brochure mentions their stores have an innovative design which "focuses on creating an escape to relaxation, positive energy, clarity and peace." I'm not too sure that was the feeling I got -- the design was kinda cutesy with pastel colors everywhere. It was nice, but nothing really special. All in all, it was a nice treat for my mom and me. And, the next time I'm visiting the outlet mall, I'll make sure to stop in again and try some of their other flavors.
4	Was shopping with my mom and we decided we deserved a treat, what with all our hard shopping.  It was good.  I got the plain tart yogurt ice cream and put berries and yogurt chips on top.  Really good.  It wasn't crowded but it was an off time, around 2 in the afternoon.  I enjoyed it.  My mom enjoyed it as well, although I couldn't see her ice cream because as usual she covered it completely with sprinkles.  Cute place and refreshing treat.
5	Why doesn't every single frozen yogurt place operate this way?  You do it yourself!  Genius.  Want only a little bit of one flavor and a lot of another?  A little bit of tart, a lotta cake batter for me.  Craving some toppings layered in between the yogurt instead of just on top?  Strawberries on the bottom, granola on the top is perfection!  Not really all that hungry and just want a little tiny bit?  Actually, this has never happened to me.  Consider all of your frozen yogurt problems solved at Yogurberry.  Do it yourself, pay by the ounce, done and done.  Everyone walks away happy.
3	I was in the mood for something not quite ice cream and not super sweet... bingo! I happened upon Yogurberry, while asking myself "Hey, when did this place open?". A decent selection of flavors, tried the red velvet which was actually not that bad, but decided to go with plain ol' vanilla with strawberries and mochi. The yogurt was okay, not the best but it was worth the price!
3	The 3 star is because of the location and flavors.  If I was ranking the toppings bar it would be a 2 star.  Not very fresh or appealing.  It will do if you have a craving while out hitting up the outlets but if I had a choice I would drive to the many other offerings around the Phoenix area.
3	Decent natural frozen yougurt.  A welcome oasis in the Anthem Outlet Mall, where temperatures can exceed 100 degrees.  Except when I'm there in November and it's in the 50s, WTF?Anyway, like I said, good stuff.  Lots of toppings
4	Good yogurt, friendly staff. Good prices too. It seems like we have a lower bill at this place than at many others.
3	Decent selection of flavors and toppings.  No sugar free options though which I've found are nice at other yogurt shops.  I tried a myriad of flavors, including the original tart.  The original tart was more creamy than tart, but I did enjoy the other flavors I had more, such as the refreshing mango sorbet, and the strawberry cream.  They have fresh mochi, popping boba, as well as the usual selections of candies and fruits.
3	This was definitely not my favorite self serve yogurt shop by any stretch of the imagination. The yogurt itself was kind of icy tasting and I didn't love all the flavors I sampled like I normally do. The topping selection was not enormous, but they do have Nerds which I always love.This was however a great place to stop in for a treat after shopping at the outlets.
4	This place is right around the corner from Nike. I stopped by here and enjoyed the combination of pomegranate and oatmeal cookie. The pricing seems to be reasonable as well. They have a decent amount of seats in the store but I chose to walk over to the outside seating by the food court.
5	Yogurtberry is so good I love it and will often go there after school.
3	3.5 maybe?It is always nice to find a frozen yogurt place : )This place? Not many flavors... 10 I think? I did like the cake batter and dulce de leche. I am not very fancy with my toppings, so I thought they were good (cheesecake, coconut, strawberies, blackberries, etc)Cons? they were OK but actually not very friendly.They only had huge cups, I asked for smaller ones and they say they didn't have any. Being as easy as it is to over do it, I think that is not good for the customer... besides, just because it says 'yogurt' or 'low fat' does not really mean it is that healthy to have a massive amount of it.
2	The yogurt here is good. We take our kids there about once every two weeks. Tonight however, we went to get yogurt as a family, and the guy working had closed up shop and locked the doors about 15 min early. It was 8:45p, and hours said open until 9p. He was cleaning the machines, turned around and smiled at us when we tried the door. Now, I don't have an MBA or anything, but I'm pretty sure it's bad business to close early and keep spotty hours. I am sure we'll go back, but we may start looking around for a new yogurt place.
1	sorry
