1	We adopted a 3 month old puppy from Kit Kat Rescue (pet adoption at Pet Smart)just over a week ago.  We didn't know that he was sick when we agreed to foster him for the night (prior to the adoption.)  As we were leaving with him, we were asked to bring him back the next day to get medicine since, we were told, that some of the some of the dogs at the rescue had kennel cough.  The first night went okay but I was wondering why all he did was sleep and did not seem to have the energy of a normal puppy.  We returned the next morning to adopt him and get his medicine.  By the second day at our house, he was not eating and had terrible coughing fits.  I took him to the vet.  He has a upper respitory infection, kennel cough, possible phenomia, ticks and a parasite, in addition to being dehyrated.  I have taken him to the vet twice in three days to check his condition, run tests, and given him fluids.  He also has been given more medicine to treat the infection and parasites.  I am happy to say that he seems to be improving but have since found out that there were other puppies at the rescue center that were infected with the parvo virus.  I know this rescue is trying to only do good for these animals but I would be very careful if you are considering adoption or fostering.  I believed that I was getting a healthy puppy, instead I got a very sick puppy.  We have already spent a lot of money at the vet, in the attempt to get him better.  I do believe that taking him when we did, may have saved his life.  I was not offered my adoption money back even though I told the rescue that I would not be taking him back for shots or the microchip. (Both of which she does herself and that was what the adoption fee covered.)  I will pay for the vacinations to be done through my vet.  I also do not want this little puppy to go through a painful experience of getting microchipped when he has already been through so much.  In the 2 weeks that this rescue center had our puppy, he was neutered, had a rabies shot and a vacination.  That seems to be alot for a 3 month, 6 pound puppy.  In addition, he seems to have been exposed to many (if not all) of the illnesses that he is suffering from.   I hope with much TLC and constant monitoring of his condition, his health will improve and he will be with our family for a long time.
1	My family adopted a 5-year old dog from Kit Kat over Labor day weekend.  She is such a sweet, loving dog and would sit on your lap all day if she could.   During the second day of having her, we noticed several ticks on her (one the size of a pencil eraser)!  We treated her immediately since our vet was closed for the holiday weekend.    She had a terrible cough as well (which I know is common with rescues) and was oozing from her eyes.   We were told that she was doggie door trained and housebroken.  While she does use the doggie door, she has destroyed my living room carpet with urine. I know that rescues often have very little information on their intakes, but should make every effort to be truthful.   I am so disappointed because I know Kit Kat has good intentions, but I am very concerned about the other animals having issues and potential adoptive families not having a clue until they get home.
