5	My fiance and I chose Roxi for our wedding.  We've seen the pictures of her work and so far so good.  She's given us some really good ideas on our floral so we're excited.  I can't wait to see how it turns out!!I will review again after my big day on 12-4-2010.
5	Working with Angel (the owner) on my wedding flowers was a pleasure. I'm so glad I went to meet her in person. Since I live outside of NV, I was doing a lot of planning via email, but it really does help to see the flowers and decorations in person. My wedding package with the JW Marriott came with a bridal bouquet, and I was going to upgrade, but Angel talked me out of it instead of trying to make more money for herself. She said with me being petite, the regular bouquet with a dozen roses is perfect - anything bigger would cover up the details on my dress and just look like too much. She showed me the regular bouquet and how it would look with a dozen more roses, and she was right.Also, it suddenly rained out of the blue (not in the weather report, even) about 10 minutes before my ceremony. Roxi Floral got everything moved inside and set up perfectly on a moment's notice. The only small hiccup was that the mothers' corsages were supposed to be on the wrist but they came with pins instead. Not a big deal. Overall, I definitely recommend Roxi Floral. They did a great job on my small budget.
5	Our JW Marriott vendor package included Roxi Floral as the floral vendor.  At first I was a bit hesitant of not being able to choose my own vendors, but Roxi Floral does great work and really listens to the needs of their clients. Angel, the owner and operator of Roxi Floral, was so easy to work with! Angel was able to quote me prices for items I wanted very quickly and take out/add items as needed. I was able to show her inspiration photos for these ceremony altar pieces I really wanted, and she executed them beautifully. We met with her in person for an initial consultation to get a better idea of our options and I think her website really doesn't do her complete justice. Her young daughter, Roxi, showed us a bouquet she made from older flowers, and she too is a wonfderful florist in the making! I found Angel very easy to work with via email. My favorite pieces she did were the ceremony altar pieces, this plantar box she did with gerber daisies and the candle/flower arrangement she did for our sweetheart table. I also asked if they could incorporate these photo frames into our centerpieces. They charged a very reasonable and small fee and incorporated the photos perfectly with the flowers and candles we had planned for the table. If you're looking for a florist who gets things done beautifully, shows up early, and is available to address your questions and concerns quickly, look no further!
