4	The Lakefront Cafe is another Union favorite.  Back in my day, it was the type of low-pro venue where you could sit and chat for a while or do some homework.  There were funky booths and tables; the decor had obviously been last updated in the '70's.  Distinct from the generally younger crowd that frequents the next door Rathskeller, this dining room hosts an older crowd, dominated by grad students, faculty, and staff, with a smattering of brave undergrads.  Basically a cafeteria serving hospital-style comfort food (which I happen to like), except for the awesome floor-to-ceiling windows spanning across the entire front of the terraced room offering a 180-degree view of Lake Mendota and north to the distant Middleton hills.  In my waining days in Madison, this old haunt was re-vamped as a mini food court with accent lighting and disappointing results.
3	Good food, a little pricey, but I love it because I can pay with my Wiscard which is key.  Better selection than the grungy Rathskellar...good soups, salads, chinese, wraps, pizza.....yeah, all that stuff. You are definitely over-paying though. 3 stars.
1	The terrace is a freaking amazing unique venue home to many killer live shows and days with your vice of choice (beer or ice cream) sitting in the sun.  The only failing grace of the Memorial Union is the disgusting food served at the Lakefront Cafe.  The Chinese place is inedible and will make you nauseated for at least 2 days.  The pizza is bland and often undercooked.  The salad bar is not readily maintained and usually a mess by 12:30... and if you want to wait 15 minutes go ahead and get a disappointing flavorless wrap.  The Lakefront Cafe does get an A for effort; the design and decor of the Lakefront Cafe is pleasant and perfectly climate controlled. Usually there is plenty of room to sit and tables in which to spread out your books for studying.  Fortunately, you can get something edible elsewhere and bring it to eat here.
3	The food isn't the best, but it is good and inexpensive, and there's a decent variety in selection, from stir fry, pizza, soups, salads, and wraps. Basically, it's a memorable part of the UW Union.
4	Love the Lakefront Cafe! There are certain times were it is definitely unintelligent to go, because it can get very crowded.During the day, this is a pretty common place to meet people - especially for interviews or meetings.The food can be pricey - but the breakfast is super reasonable and good tasting - simple and good!There are a variety of types of seating, which is good for different purposes and different sized groups. There are also a lot of electrical sockets - which is key for any area used to study.I come here every Friday morning, which apparently is when all of the elderly men come to gossip and talk about the old days - they pretty much have a party at 8am - but its really nice that people of all ages come here and take in the beautiful view of the terrace and the (less than clear) lake.
1	Try $10 (yay, the price makes it tempting) "make your own pizza" if you want to taste undercooked flour. When hot, at least edible. After cooled, disgusting.
4	LOL ((Lakefront on Langdon) I still find this joke funny) was my go-to study place in college.It doesn't have as much socializing as a coffee shop, but not as stuffy as a library.  You can watch the lake and the terrace out the window and pretend you have a life instead of a term paper due.The food definitely leaves something to be desired, and the hours of the cafe are bizarre but it's good to just grab a soda and a snack and sit while you study.  I love that they show the Superbowl and other such Wisconsin-cultural events.  Nice gathering place for group work.
