5	I can not believe this business has not been Yelped already! Mary is great, truly changed my skin. Mary is very knowledgeable in every type of skin, and has some great products for your at home care as well. This studio is really cute, clean, and just the place you need to go to get your natural glow back.  Another great thing is that Skin Bliss is very intimate, when you walk in the door, the focus is all about pampaering you. Don't waste time, call Skin Bliss as soon as possible!
5	Everyone who loves skin care should go to Mary. She knows what she is doing and will make u crack up (if u want to chat, if u want to be quiet that's ok too) while u are there. She is professional and knowledgable. My skin glows after she does microdermabrasion and exfoliates my skin. She does complimentary consultations and will not try to upsell you at all. After building your skin relationship with her, u will not be able to quit. Go ahead. Call her.
5	I have been seeing Mary for over 8 years now.  She is a good friend and a great 'face' specialist.  She gives me the best advice about my skin and her treatments have 'done wonders' for me.  I especially appreciate the detailed notes she keeps on each of my visits, from the products she uses, the type of facial she gave, and the products I buy from her.  Her salon is stylish, clean and cozy.  I always look forward to my routine visits with Mary.  Keep up the good work!  See you soon.
5	I have been to Mary for facials seeking clear skin for 9 years.  Yes my skin looks great.  She always has the latest and best products and treatments.  Mary 's salon is always a place of welcome and relaxation.  She takes time to evaluate my skin each session.
5	I love this place, Mary you're awesome. Mary makes you feel at ease and like a friend. You have to make an appointment, your face will love you.
5	Are you looking for the best anti-aging, skin care that Phoenix has to offer? Well, look no further than Mary at Skin Bliss. Mary has the most up to date skin care and facial techniques to keep you looking and feeling amazing! Slough away years of dead, tired skin and reinvigorate to a new you. Her red light therapy keeps my uber sensitive skin calm and radiant. Her arsenal of take home skin care is top of the line. Mary can custom design a take home beauty regime that will extend your in-salon results long after you have left her space. My favorite is her Rhonda Allison sunscreen and any product from her Image vitamin c line. You will love the transforming effects of this stuff!She is highly trained, very knowledgeable and the salon space is clean and inviting. She is conveniently located right in Central Phoenix and her prices are very reasonable as well. Aging gracefully is for the birds ladies! Go spend some well deserved "you time" and let this talented women help you look your best.
