3	This place is like Goodwill on steroids.  They have new and used stuff in just about any category you can think of.  They have furniture, housewares, jewelry, and definitely clothes.  The clothes are what drew me here.  They have designer brands, like DKNY and Abercrombie for a fraction of the price that they would have been in the regular store.  It's definitely one to check out if you need a new look but don't' have a whole lot to spend.
5	Value Village is the bomb. Yes, you do feel the need to wash your hands upon departure and not to make eye contact with other shoppers sometimes, but that is the price you have to pay if you want a "fight the power" t shirt for a buck fifty or a Marmot lightweight blue down jacket for seven fifty or two dresses or some vintage G.I. Joes. You know just your basics for happy living. How else could anyone know I am a fan of Chuck D, if I didn't wear my new t-shirt. Bring the noise. Yeah, boyzzzzzz.
4	Back to the cheap again. While the finds at the Value Village on Freedom aren't as way out (sartorially speaking) as the one on South, it's still a solid place for dresses and belts. Come on the last Wednesday of the month to get everything half-off (I think all Value Villages nationwide do this) and make out like a bandit.Speaking of belts, if that is your deal, best bet is to get here early (before noon) on Sundays, when they put out fresh stock. But beware, the belt mafia will be in full effect and those girls don't crack a smile. Be prepared to grab a random bundle and race to your corner, then barter your way around. They are SERIOUS.
4	I find myself wondering the racks here at least two times a week. I shop the opposite season of the current one to find the best deals. I don't never leave empty handed ! I will add this: there are no dressing rooms so be prepared! I wear a flip flops, a loose skirt with footless tights and a tank top to slip things on in the sly! :-) my co- workers are in the awe of the deals I find! This is not in the best of neighborhoods but a friendly smile goes a long way.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this thrift store - you fill find the best prices and name brand items! They do a great job of pricing so it is a fair purchase! I recommend this store to EVERYONE!!! Check it out - you won't be disappointed!
4	You can find some really great deals here. It's a huge "department store" thrift shop, with tons of clothes and household items for really cheap.  Definitely worth your time to come here, I had a blast searching for stuff.Also, in the same parking lot there is an OUTLET GOODWILL where you can clothes/purses/shoes/toys for $1.39 per pound and all household items are 50% off their ticketed price. If you come to this Value Village, than you must go into this good will!
