1	Attitude and slow service. I came here two days in a row because I needed some papers printed. The first day, I waited about ten minutes before an associate helped me print some papers and there was only one other customer. It seems like every time I come here, service is lagging in the printing department. I was actually listening to the radio right before I came inside and they were going to have a "caller #20" contest in ten minutes. I figured I'd definitely be back in my car by then because it should only take a few minutes to print my papers (depending on the line, of course). Since there was only one other person there, I knew I'd be back in time for the contest. However, I was wrong. It took a while for someone just to get to the department to help us out. The guy before me was pretty quick, but when the associate started printing my papers, it took him a pretty long time. I don't know why all the Office Depot locations have to print everything one by one. They literally have to open up each document, then do file and print. It also seems like they don't print the next document until the first one is out of the machine, which takes even longer. I finally got my print and when to my car, only in time to hear the girl on the radio screaming that she won :(The next day I came to get 3 more prints. Again, there was only one other person at the printing department that was being helped. I stood around for about 5 minutes before the greeter at the front of the store asked me if I needed help. I told him I just needed prints and he handed me over to some guy that seemed to be the manager who handed me over to a younger lady, but once she opened my flashdrive they made her go on break, so another lady took over (confusing, I know). This lady seemed to have an attitude from the get-go. Maybe she was mad that she had to take over; I don't know. When got on the computer, the first thing she asked was "ok what do you want?" but with attitude, almost like she was hurrying me even though I was already waiting for more than five minutes by then. I told her I wanted two  full page prints and one 5x7 print. Then there was a little bickering about how there's only one document. Yeah, that's because only one document was open and she didn't bother going back to the folder. Whatever. The papers wouldn't come out. Then she started to say "It's because you want a 5x7. The printer doesn't work like that. They only print on 8.5x11 sized papers." Ugh. I didn't want them to print it on a sheet of 5x7 paper. I just wanted the print itself to be 5x7, so it's be a 5x7 print on an 8.5x11 paper, get it? I don't like printing huge coupons. Apparently that was so hard to understand and that was THE REASON why none of the prints would come out, which makes no sense to me. On my computer at home, I can choose to make the print a 5x7, 4x6, wallet size, etc, but I guess the printer here is incapable of doing that, so I told her to just print the other two. I thought this was going to be an in and out trip, but it took 20 minutes.I feel like the staff here is just incompetent. I went to another Office Depot today to get my 5x7 print done and the only question they asked was "color or black and white?" BAM. Office Depot #2550, you lose.
5	I had been here a few times before and always left unhappy. It seemed like there was always one person in the store so help was none existent. Which always drives me insane since Las Vegas is a customer service town. After about a 6 month boycott I gave up and took in my lap top to try and get it fixed. The one I had started going to was to far away to drive so I decided to try it one last time. Apparently there is a new GM there. I was greeted instantly when I walked in the door. I was sent back to a tech counter? the little desk where they check your lap top. Within three minutes I had a tech back checking my computer. Durring the check I wandered around looking at lap tops in case mine couldn't be fixed. I kept hearing the General Manager Adam calling out on the little ear buds they wear to talk to each other to make sure people were being helped . Now to say I am computer dense is an understatement. I know how to use it but that's about it. He (Adam) went through checked my computer and found malware. Another gentleman (Justin) both explained how I could have gotten it and what was needed to fix my lap top. I was very happy to find out it could be fixed. Both of the gentlemen were understanding when I kept asking them to explain what they were saying.  Two days later it was ready to be picked up. It was just as easy to pick up as it was to drop off. The two people at the front of the store remembered me by name and directed me back to where I had dropped off my lap top and sent someone back to get it for me. So nice to actually find customer service in a customer service town. It seems so sadly lacking here.  Night and day from the last time I came here. Needless to say I will definitely be back.
5	It was great to walk into this location and not be ignored!  The staff was great and available to assist me with what I was looking for and pointed me in the right direction.  The staff wasn't on me constantly but let me shop and if I looked like I had a question they asked if I needed help.I will certainly be back to this location!
5	Great experience! The manager is very professional. The minute you walk in they greet you and they offer help which makes it even a better experience. Adriana helped me printing some files which came out perfect. I will keep them in mind for my next visit if I need anything.
4	Although not the cheapest or the largest variety of IT equipment, the office supplies are plentiful and easily located. This store is good in a pinch, on my way home from work, or whatever. There is no controversy here, this is about as good a retail office supply store as you'll find in Las Vegas. I like the employees here, though they all seem to be really, really young. I have never had a problem with the items I have purchased from this store.
1	This was a painful experience  during my checkout. The cashier did not move with a sense of urgency at all. He messed up processing my sale. He told me to call in to get it fixed. I asked him to just do a refund and reprocess the transaction. He did with displeasure written all over his face. After completing that transaction my husband had another transaction to complete. The computer did not ring in sale items that were clearly marked buy two get one free. He was once again going to ask for help. Instead we walked out. He needs to learn to move with a sense of urgency and learn how to ring using customer service techniques.
3	Many of the supplies I need for work are not provided by my school, which is fine. So when I am in need....OD has my back. Sometimes I order online and pick up at the store, but most often I walk in. It's a big store so many times I have to chase down an employee to help me find a product. The employees are friendly and helpful. The prices are on target with the other office supply stores. Again, if you can't find what you are looking for, ask and they can look it up online for you.
5	Very friendly and helpful employees.  I called about 20 minutes before closing to make sure they had what I needed.  The girl that answered the phone was expecting me and took me right to my item.  Thumbs up!
5	This is a regular office depot location situated on the same complex as target, ross, and Petco, on blue diamond rd between valley view and arville. The store is clean, well organized, and has everything that you need.I would like to point out that each i go to this location, service has been on point and the people working here are very warm.
