4	I've had good color and styling services here. Force yourself to look past the giant, pseudo-Pop Art painting in the front window-- the stylists know what they're doing. It's been a while since I've had color here, but the setup wasn't particularly great... if they're busy, you have to sit around in a rather small space with 6-8 other people, and if a couple of them are chatty, it's really annoying. Even if they're not chatting w/ you, you can't escape. I had my hair done here for a wedding once and they did exactly what I wanted, so I would definitely recommend them for styling. They use Kerastase products, but they really, really push you to buy them, so be ready to say you're not interested. Overall, it's a solid salon.
1	Horrible experience!!! I wouldn't suggest this salon to my worst enemy!! Spent close to 4 hours there for highlights and a haircut!!! May of taken so long because, I was given two hair treatments... That I NEVER asked for!!!! My highlights were not even blonde.. as I asked for!!! Grossly overpriced.. Beware for the treatments given without consent!! You will be charged for them despite never asking for them!! When you call to speak to manager/owner about your $250. Negative experience... He will never return your call!!
5	After 10+ years of having my haircut by the same guy, who no matter what I asked of him gave me variations of the same cut over and over again, I was desperate for a change. My sister recommended Natasha at Alberta Modern, as she had been coloring her hair for a while. I don't color my hair, but was optimistic about having a new set of eyes and hands on my notoriously thick hair. I can truthfully say that Natasha has given me the best haircut of my adult life. I am excited about having found my new stylist! She was friendly, really listened to what I wanted and executed that better than I could have anticipated.The only negative I can think of to post was the street parking situation. But that's Mount Lebanon for you.I will be returning to Alberta Modern!
5	I don't understand the negative reviews of this place!!  I no longer live in Pittsburgh but I loved Alberta Modern. I went to Natasha, who is so awesome. She always listened to what I wanted and I was always thrilled with what she did. Not to mention she's great to talk to and the first time I went there, we instantly bonded. As a blonde, my color can be tricky to get exactly right. I've since moved to Chicago and have not been able to find anyone I like as much and I pay three times more to get my hair done. I miss you Natasha!!!
5	i love Alberta Modern Hair!!! i have had amazing experiences every time ive been to the salon. The staff is incredible and gorgeous to say the least, with out doubt the trendiest up to date educated stylists ive come across! i would recommend this place to the world!
5	I went to Alberta for about 2 and a half years, and the only reason I stopped was because I moved out of town. Marinna did my hair every time, and she always did a phenomenal job. I had cut, color, and highlights done by her on various occasions, and all turned out well. She once graciously did highlights for me in an emergency after I disastrously tried to home color my hair. I always left feeling confident in my hair, and got tons of compliments.My only complaint is that at $85 for a cut and color, I've been spoiled by a good deal, and now living in a much more expensive city, I can't find anything close to what I got at Alberta for that price. Such a steal!
