4	I always wonder whether I should bother writing up fast food places.  But in this case, I decided I should.  This is for two reasons.One is because Jack has a great menu.  It just sounds so good - all those things on the menu just make the mouth water.  No "double cheeseburger" here (or McDouble as it's called now).  Instead you get a BBQ Bacon Sirloin Burger.  With curly fries.  I love curly fries.Anyway - the other reason is the staff.  At least one member of the staff.  I think her name was Shelia.  She was just a bundle of joy, and this was at a fast food place, during the lunch hour, when she was absolutely slammed (and the people behind her were a bit on the slow side).She would make a note of people's names, rather than calling them by number, and as people left - at least as we left - she would even remember their name.  How impressive is that?
4	Jack in the box eh? I have to agree with Chad; Jack in the box is worth a review. They have an item on the menu that I just can't get enough of. Call me crazy, but trust me on this. =) So, every every Chinese restaurant here in Charlotte that I've tried has the worst, egg rolls in the history of egg rolls. They all seem to have the same bland flavor followed by a strange odor. Even the great House of Leng in which I enjoy oh so much has weird egg rolls. If I want a good egg roll, I will either go to a Thai restaurant or a Vietnamese restaurant. They are fresher and actually flavorful. If a Vietnamese or Thai restaurant isn't in the vicinity of my cravings though, Jack in the Box is the next best thing. They offer crispy egg rolls, with plenty of meat. It isn't all filling and their sweet and sour sauce is much tastier then the traditional duck sauce offered at most Chinese places. As far as the meat in the egg roll, lol excuse my ignorance but its like a mystery meat for me. It's a white meat and I always thought it was chicken, but I think its pork. They can be purchased individually or in a three pack. Another reason I praise Jack in the Box is because I and many friends practically lived off this place back in high school and college. They've had a dollar menu for quite a while and their two tacos for a dollar is the greatest deal in the world, especially after a late night of drinking. If you've been searching for a good egg roll, look no further. Jack in the Box is the place to get em!!! I'm sure you have your reservations about it, but as you can see, they have a very eclectic menu. Their egg rolls are fantastic and I'm sure they won't disappoint. Please give them a try!Did I really just write a review on egg rolls? Yes sir I did! =)
5	OMG!  How awful can this be!Two tacos (deep fried, no less) - 99 cents And I looooo v v v eeeeddddd them!I know...I'm going to hell.
5	Love JIB.  After a day of draining my savings account at the local amusement park we stopped here for a drink on the drive home.  Open at 11:15 pm we ordered two tacos (yum),  two bacon cheeseburgers,  and two large sodas.  Total $5.50.  I smiled as I paid.  Ive been a fan of the 2/99 tacos for years and the burgers were great.  Wish there was one in winston salem.
4	I'm not really a big fan of Jack in the Box's food, but the service here makes up for the food quality.  The staff is very friendly and the location is very clean and the food is prepared well.  They serve breakfast all day, so it's a really good option if you have a hunkering for some breakfast food on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon.  My only wish is that they had more breakfast carb offerings like cinnamon buns, waffles, french toast sticks or something.
4	Best fast food joint around. Bring one to Florida!!
5	I have to call this place out, because I drive entirely out of my way to get food from here, and have never gotten a bad meal.  The seasoned burger and curly fry combination is delicious.  I used to go to the Hardee's in Huntersville (known for inconsistent service) for my Burger & Curlies, but for some reason they dropped the curly fries from the menu.  I'm glad they did, because it forced me to look elsewhere, and elsewhere I found an even better meal.  Also worth mentioning is the excellent staff - other than the guy that listens to his earbuds at the register, everyone here is noticeably friendly, and eager to please... like it should be.Bye bye Hardee's, Jack's got you beat.
