5	Got My hair done by Phil Ring and it just looks fantastic, I have gotten so many compliments... I just walked in off the street.  I didn't realize it was a bunch of separate hair dressers.  He came out to talk to me and scheduled and appointment when he saw me walking around looking confused.  It is hands down the best haircut of my life.  I am picky and not easily satisfied.  He listened to everything I said and some how met all my demands.  The best part, even though i told him i didnt mind spending time to style it in the morning, he gave me a cut where I don't need to, seriously its dry and go.  My hair has never looked good dry and go.
5	I just found my FAVORITE hairstylist after searching long and hard to find him! Philip Ring at Vivaldi Salon Suites is such a great hairdresser and I tell all of my friends that will listen to go to him. I am always very picky about my hair, and I feel like even though I have worn my hair the same for years, Philip always has something new and exciting to try. He definitely stays within my comfort zone, but being there a few times and having seen the work he has done in his chair from the last salon he worked at, I am totally confident in recommending him to all of my friends, and as a matter of fact, most of us have made the switch. Philip honestly cares about his clients and spends alot of time to make things as easy for me to maintain as possible. The west valley is lucky to have someone like him taking care of our hair!!!
5	If you are looking for an amazing experience whether its for hair, nails, or skin VIVALDI SALON SUITES IS THE PLACE TO GO. Luxurious and clean, friendly and elegant, this is the place for ultimate beauty. They have everything from chemical peels, eyelash extensions , spray tanning, hair of all kinds, and all new styles of nail design. The hairstylists and nail techs will help you to look and feel at your all time best.
5	I got my hair extensions at rejoice your beautiful. Renee O'brien is the ABSOLUTE BEST IN AZ!!!!
1	I bought a Groupon for this place for the $25 mani/pedi deal, with the expectation that I'd be booking at their Citadelle location (Utopia and 59th Ave in Glendale). After calling to book my mani/pedi and being told by the receptionist that they had NO Saturday appointments and couldn't possibly take me until the 2nd week of March, we finally worked out a date and time. At the very end of the call, I was then told by the receptionist that this was for their Park West location. I was a little upset since this was not what I was expecting, but the receptionist then said "oh, we don't have ANYTHING for the Glendale location." What, like forever?? Very disappointing service already, and I haven't even been there yet! I am debating whether to seek a refund from Groupon. When I mentioned that to the receptionist, she didn't seem concerned at all. I guess they have more than enough business already, to be concerned with whether I am happy.I spoke separately with the manicurist and she apologized for the way the call was conducted (she was conferenced in from the beginning, since the receptionist doesn't have the manicurists' schedules), telling me that this is the way the owner is handling all of the appointments: not telling the client that the appointment is being booked for the Park West location until after the appointment has already been made!
1	I bought the Groupon for the $25 Mani/Pedi like so many of the other one star reviewers of Vivaldi Salon Suites. So just a fair warning, this review is 100% for the scheduling assistant/owner (I think they are the same person...?):I called to make my appointment after purchasing the Groupon on Feb. 1st. They could not fit me in on a Saturday until March 9th. I was willing to wait that long, and I figured that it would be nice to have a professional polish job for the start of open toe shoe season. While I scheduled this appointment, I was clear that I wanted to be scheduled at the Citadelle location on 59th and Utopia. I was under the impression that the scheduling assistant understood the words I said since she did not indicate any differently. Apparently, I needed say something different than, "I would like to be scheduled at the 59th and Utopia location" to actually be scheduled at the 59th and Utopia location.I didn't find out until 10:15am on March 9th (15 minutes after I should have begun my appointment)  that I was actually scheduled at the Park West location which was not communicated to me ever. I guess the scheduling assistant isn't very good with words or something.When I tried to call the main line to talk to the owner about getting my money back or some other appointment, I was simply told to call Groupon. No apologies. No help. just call Groupon. Great. So I did. And I am not sure if I will get my money back or not, but I will not EVER go back to this Salon Suites again. And if the owner is indeed the scheduling assistant then she should do us all a favor and fire her self.
1	I haven't even gone there but I am already not happy with the place.  They don't have a phone number that actually connects you a to a person.  All you get are voicemail boxes.  And one mailbox gets connected to a law firm.  Clearly they need to work on their phone answering skills...
5	Philip Ring at phildoeshair.com does the best color of any stylist I've ever seen! If you're looking for something different, he can definitely get it done like you like it. Ask him about Elumen color, which conditions your hair as it colors! He's in suite #109!!
5	Crystal at High Effects Salon in Suite 120 is the best! I love the way she colors and cuts my hair and I trust her completely with it. She also sells Aveda products so if anyone is looking for a stylist I highly recommend her!
1	The owner/manager of the suites was the rudest most unprofessional person I have ever met. When talking with her she was dressed like a bum with half of her eye lashes hanging off. I would never recommend anyone to visit the Park West location ever.
5	THE HAIR BAR You know when you have too keep going to new places to find the perfect stylist? This is your hair god! I am so thankful I starting going here. The Hair Bar uses amazing products that leaves your hair smooth, shiny, long lasting colors, and just simply amazing. The colors and selections are never ending and gorgeous! If you love fun colors like pink,green,blue, purple etc then this is the place for you. The colors used here stay in like no other dye I have seen. You will leave feeling like a million bucks. The stylists are friendly, extremely helpful, and fun. Philip's talent is unbelievable, he is also always trying to improve himself and learning new techniques for his clients.I highly recommend this place to anyone! Check them out, you will not regret it. (It can be a little confusing to find his salon room your first time going. The other members working in the building are more than happy to point you in the right direction)Phildoeshair.com
5	I have to second Phillip Ring at Phil Does Hair (suite 109 & phildoeshair.com). He's awesome. I'm a total square of a guy and have always been a challenge for hair stylists. Not Phil - from day 1 I've given very little direction, he's asked the necessary clarification questions, and the results have been fantastic. He really knows his techniques and abilities (he's constantly honing his craft) and, as a client, the best thing you can do is be up front with him. The more freedom he has to do your hair with the techniques he is most confident, the better you will look. Plus he's a "cool dude."Book him on the Vagaro app or through his website info. You won't be sorry.
