3	Should be 2 1/2 stars ** 1/2*There is really love/hate relationship i have with those guys. They fixed my flat for free - "Just comeback to buy tires from us." they say. And i did. Of course they tried overcharge me hehehe but i brought Tire Rack print out with me and they matched it.  Though they totally messed up balancing of those tires they fixed it for free 2 weeks later, no questions asked. Than i came back to get one of my tires replaced on my other car and they did overcharged me A LOT as i did not bother looking up any competitors info. And i mean A LOT, maybe close to 80%. NOT cool at all. Especially, when they look you in the eye and say - we guarantee this is cheapest price. I will come back, but sure as hell i am bringing competitors pricing with me for them to match it. And only reason i would comeback as they are real close to me or would not. I really REALLY hate to be lied to."I confused"Eugene
4	I took my IS350 into Discount with a tire that was leaking air. I figured a nail was stuck in it.  They had me in and out of the place within 20 minutes, all tires filled up, nail removed.Did I mention they did this all for FREE?  Its good advertising because most people would think of discount tire when they need a tire replaced.
4	This location is really friendly. They offer the free tire air check, and have no issues with someone who has NO idea what they're talking about when it comes to cars. Not that I'm talking about me...no way. BUT if I was talking about me, I would say that I've never been overcharged at Discount Tire, and everyone is always so nice and happy to be of service.
4	I made a appt. to put 4 new tires on my wife's car. I showed up and was immediately greeted and processed. All the work was done within 30 minutes. My appt. was at 8:30 am and was home by 9:10 am.Every Discount Tire location I've visited has always been fast, knowledgeable and friendly! This location was no different.If you need new tires or tire work, hit Discount Tire!
5	Not sure who is in charge of training customer service of Discount Tire employees, but they should be hired to train every customer facing company. These guy provide an excellent customer service experience!
5	Tyler "Ty" really deserves a special shout out today.  Thanks for standing behind the products you sell and getting me a decent replacement set of tires!
5	Ive been using discount for quite a while now, for all my tire needs.  They always have great service, and great prices (yes, I did do some comparison shopping).
4	On a Saturday morning as I was leaving the Scottsdale Farmer's Market this good looking fellow knocked on my window startling me and my poor sleeping dog. Based on the fact that it was mid day in Old Town, and his knocking wrist was adorned with a pretty fancy watch, I concluded he was not a mugger and rolled down the window. The gent didn't want to ask us to lunch (disappointing), but did let me know I had a flat tire (also disappointing but helpful). He then directed me to the Discount Tire down on Scottsdale Road indicating they'd air it up or help me change it. I rolled down the street on my now sad tire and spoke with the fellas at the tire shop. The Scottsdale shop is undergoing some major renovations at the moment and the seating was all outdoor under a bright red tent. They were still surprisingly proficient and quick about changing the spare even as the guys were working out of make shift bays and storage units. My one annoyance was when I mentioned I usually buy my tires at Costco and the guy helping look at the tire made some smarmy remark about how I buy from Costco, but come to Discount to get them fixed for free. I a) had gotten this car with the tires on it about a year and a half ago and b) was just letting him know I wanted to check prices before I did anything (reasonable for a $1000 purchase) and c) actually expected them to charge me something to put the spare on the car. I had no idea they'd do this for anyone at no cost.They did tell me that I needed 3 out of 4 of them replaced, but I am not one to make a major purchase without some research (i.e. calling Bud over at MB Motors so he could tell me what to do). I stopped by the Discount near my office at Kyrene and Elliott and went over some of the options available with the sales staff. The tires I wanted were about $40 more each than the ones on the car currently and they didn't have them in stock, but he said he could get them when I was ready. Despite the fact that I am pretty sure these guys get some kind of commission, there was no pressure and he notated the tires, told me they'd beat any other price I came up against and sent me on my way.I did a lot of comparison shopping and found that Discount did, in fact, have the lowest price on the brand and size tire I wanted. But, the particular type was sort of special order and two other shops had told me it might take 3-4 days to get the tires in. Once I finally made my decision and was tired of driving around on the less than attractive spare wheel, I made the order and these guys had it in that afternoon. I made an appointment the next day at lunch and they had my car done in the promised hour. I highly recommend scheduling an appointment once you make your tire choice. You are prioritized over walk-ins, plus I like seeing my name on the little board when I come in.
1	Be careful if you are a woman coming in here alone. Please save yourself some money and headache. GET A SECOND OPINION. I would not trust this shop at all.
4	I called this location to ask how much they charged to check just the air in the tires and they said it was free! I decided since I am a silly girl and don't have an air guage, I should probably have someone check my tires.They told me to pull up to the first garage and a friendly guy greeted me within 30 seconds and checked my tires. I also found out, if you purchase your tires there, they rotate them for free. Very nice!
5	Total charge - zero for fix a flat
5	Are you kidding me? On my way to work, and BOOM! Lost a tire. After I installed the spare , I saw my front tire was bad as well. Welp.....Time to get some tires. I called this shop, as they happened to be the only location that had the sze in stock that I needed. I made an appointment for 1:00 PM, and showed up a little early. I spoke to Josh, and Sam. They said it would take about 45 mins., to an hour. No biggie. I wanst going anywhere on 2 tires, with a vehicle that needed 4 at the minimum. After dealing with Discount tire for over 15 years, I knew what to expect. Friendliness, professional, etc. So, after getting a nice cold bottle of water, and reading a magazine for about 40 mins, Sam walks up and appologizes for the delay. What? "Delay?" It hasnt been 45 mins to an hour yet. I look out the window, as the crew is shining up the tires. No kidding. SHINING UP THE TIRES!! :o Sam begins to tell me that they spent a little longer on the ballancing to get it a little better, rather than getting them "In spec" and calling it "good". The profesionalisim and courtesy shown was outstanding! Now.....My truck has always driven like......a truck. Never gave it a second thought. However, it NOW drives as nice as my car!! That little extra attention made a huge difference! They put the spare back under the bed of my truck, gave me the keys, and shook my hand. Oh.....and how long did it take? 47 mins!  Now......I have to wash my truck so it matches the tires :( WONDERFULL SHOP! THANKS YOU GUYS!
1	I do not recommend going to this specific discount tire.. The guys are not fast they are just sitting around when my car has been sitting in the parking lot for a hour now they have bays open for it and only 3 customers in the lobby.. Not happy when I leave after getting 4 new tires put on and when I leave the car shakes out of control, after going back they had to re balance the tire so now I've spent over 2 hrs of my time when they are slow and I made a appointment.. Dobson and chandler blvd location is where in going from now on they price matched my tires and got the service done quick and I didn't have to go back when they had 10 customers in the lobby.. The manager at this location needs to re think what he is doing at this location, start trying to get people for the long run not the short money and hire some sales reps that don't just sweat talk there customers and don't stand behind there promises!
5	I made an appointment for 8 a.m. To have my tires replaced or fixed.  I had 3 tires in question.  I had one tire replaced and 2 repaired, balancing, etc. and my bill was for $125.  I got a mid level tire so I thought the price was great.  Josh helped me and he did a great job explaining to me each tire that was available to purchase and why I would go with each tire selected.The store opened at 8 and there were already 8 people in the store.  I'm glad I made an appointment online at their website.  The rest of the staff was friendly, efficient and professional.  I was in and out in 30 minutes.  I would definitely recommend Discount Tires to anybody.
5	Made an appointment online, unfortunately I couldn't make it so my wife took our toyota highlander in for four new tires. I called and they put the tires on hold for me, no money down. My appointment was for 3:30... My wife text me at 3:55 and said they were finished! They didn't try to upswell her on warranties or more expensive tires. She called me when she got home and said "you have to yelp this place!"... Normally I wouldn't have my wife do anything with car repair alone, I was sure she was going to call and say they were out of the tires I reserved and all they had were more expensive ones...not here. Thanks discount tires.
3	Discount you confuse me...The last time I went in there I had pre-ordered my tires and made an appointment online and I showed up and dropped off my car.  They were expecting me at the right time and the drop-off appointment went smoothly.  I came back for it at the appointed time and it was ready on time too, but it was then that I discovered that they put a whole different set of tires on there because they didn't have the set in stock that I had pre-ordered!  I really didn't like the other tires I got, they were way too bouncy and cushy in comparison to the other tires I'd previously had.  It made me feel like I was steering a floating Lazy Boy Lounger through the Straights of Gibraltar...  Riding in your car shouldn't make you sea sick!  That took a lot of getting used to.  Anyway, I was also annoyed because the TPMS rebuild (that I paid $9.50 per tire for) apparently didn't fix the TPMS alert on my dash, so about a week later I went back in and spoke to an employee about the TPMS alert light continually going off on my dashboard.  Using a special tool he diagnosed that the TPMS was dead on the front left wheel and said he'd order a new one and said he'd call me when it arrived and that the part, plus installation, would be around $80.   Well that was 4 months ago...  I guess I can safely assume now that I have been forgotten?  And my stupid TPMS sensor is STILL screwed up too!  So to sum it up, Discount is good at making appointments and being on time, but I'm not at all impressed with the swapping of tire brands without so much as a courtesy phone call to let me know, and I'm not impressed with the utter lack of follow up on the part they were going to order for me to fix the TMPS problem either!
5	I love coming to Discount because their staff always takes good care of me and my car. Their customer service is top-notch and they make sure to explain everything they've done for my car and what needs to be done on future visits. I went in there thinking I had a nail in my tire since the Low Tire Pressure light came on. Turned out to be I needed more air in my tire. They rotated them as well, being it was due for a rotation. I was in there a total of 45 minutes and they had me off and rollin' in no time at all!Thank you very much to Josh, Joe, & Crew! I will always be a return customer!
5	I have never had a bad experience with any Discount Tire location I have done business with but this store (AZP-24) on Elliot and Priest sets a new standard for customer service. I had scheduled an appointment for this morning for 8 AM and when I arrived I was greeted promptly by Scott. Scott was very attentive and made sure to have a complete understanding of my concerns with a problem I have been having with a tire on my wife's car. After listening to me, he gave me a very clear plan that he was going to use to address my concerns. The work was done in a very efficient manner and I was on my way in just over an hour. I will have to see if the fix took care of the problem but at this point, I am very satisfied with Discount Tire and especially Store Manager Darren's team at AZP-24.
5	Almost one month in and the problem I had with my tire has not reappeared. I am still very happy with the service I received at Discount Tire.
5	Came here to get my tires rotated and to get my tire light turned off. Th helped me when I entered and was nice enough, but Scott really helped when I came to pick up my car and got  the light to totally turn off. He was AWESOME! Love Discount tire
5	Honesty.. its the first word that comes to mind. I was at Firestone and to get a battery and they told me I needed to get 2 new back tires because the tred was low. I told them I would take my car to Discount Tires because I have a warranty and wanted to inquire how it works. I had to wait a bit they were super busy , then I spoke to Brian. He was super nice and let me tell you the customer he had before me.. what a piece of work and yet he was still smiling. While I was talking to Brian explaining my situation his boss came out and I told him how patient Brian was with the guy before me and if that was me I would have jumped over the counter and rung that guys neck, but I digress... We go outside Brian checks my tires and tells me, Firestone lied you dont need new tires you still have 5-10,000 miles on these. What repair place do you go to and they tell you , you don't need to spend money? I asked him about driving my car to California and he said just stop by for a tire rotation and it is free. :) Now that is service !
5	I love this discount! Such friendly staff working in this 115 degree heat. Kudos to them! I went in today to get a free tire rotation and get my tires checked before heading to Flagstaff. Took less than 30 minutes, he gave me an approx time of 35 mins. Walked next door to ROSS while I was waiting and went by so fast! Love that they have a mini fridge with water inside for customers. This is my go to discount! Very friendly staff and the assistant manager Scott was great to go through. I highly suggest this location.
5	The short and sweet - fast, easy, and good customer service.  Also, free tire repair.  I honestly thought that I needed a new tire because the screw was too close to the side wall.  They took care of it knowing that the knowledge and power was in their hands to make the call.  They were honest and made the repair free of charge and let me know I didn't need new tires yet. Winning...
5	The gentlemen here are always honest, fast, and never try to upsell us ever. I note this very highly because I become very angry when service people try to sell me on something I don't need, or tell me I need to replace something that is light years beyond needing to be replaced. On more than a few occasions, the manager gave us a discount or went out of his way to find us a cheaper but adequate option when we needed it. I don't know what else to say without coming off like some kind of cheesy commercial, but I'm glad I have a reliable tire shop since in this day and age, honesty is hard to come by!
5	Had to get my tire repaired,  unfortunately it was not able to be repaired. The tires I have are not made anymore even though they are only 1 year old. They said they would look for my tire at another Discount Tire. They found it and had it delivered to this location. It came the next day. I made an appointment to have the tire changed. I was very late for my appointment and apologized.  When I got there Josh was waiting for me they took my truck back immediately and I was done in literally 10 min. I was so grateful and amazed they took care of me so quickly.  I always have gone to this discount tire.  And will continue to go there. They are wonderful!
5	These guys are great! I didn't need to make an appointment, they were able to take me in and put tires on my car within an hour from me calling. They were finished with all four tires in a timely manner, and even price matched Costco's online holiday coupon. I am very pleased with my service here and will be going back again. It's also nice that there are stores around everywhere, including close to where I live.
