1	Bleh. Called first thing in the morning to take advantage of one of the coupons on the outside of our timeshare door.We ordered a medium pizza and a half bucket of "wings" with a side of ranch and buffalo sauce.1. the medium pizza tasted worse than .... frozen pizza (however I love some frozen pizzas)... but seriously. I could have made this at home. Oh, I know.. it's worse than the prepackaged pizza that you put together and microwave.2. The wings were TINY. like.... TINY. Not very much meat on them3. The ranch was the RUNNIEST ranch I've ever seen. Even thinner than the buffalo sauce. Took them an hour to bring us our "bleh" pizza and they didn't even have change. It cost about $23 and he couldn't provide change for a $30. AND we couldn't pay via credit card. seriously?!Here's a tip: go to albertson's and pick up a Tony's pizza and pop it in the oven.
1	We decided to get pizza so we go to this place because it's right near our hotel.We ordered a large two topping pizza with 20 buffalo wings.The pizza was okay...I've had better...but the wings!! They were all bone and no meat!! They charged us $26 for all this...Just go to pizza hut...even their pizza and wings are better than this place.
1	Pizza was ok at best. I needed a receipt for my travel expenses and called, but they told me the greasy, no name "receipt" attached to the box was all they had. I asked for a breakdown of the charges and the guy told me to "figure it out" and was rushing me off the phone. He said I could go to the store and pick up the receipt. I was 2+ miles away and therefore I had it delivered. I asked to speak to th manager but was told he wasn't around. I couldn't believe the guy's attitude.
1	FRAUDULENTLY CHARGED! Got ripped off, ordered over the phone, guy tells me 14 dollars, with tax and delivery charge, came out to 18 dollars, ok i'm fine with 18 dollars for a delivered pizza. Anyways 3 days later I go to check my debit card, and notice a 21 dollar charge to it. surely enough it was because of ordering their pizza. What a Fraudulent place, NEVER EVER WILL I order from these dirt bags again, and also will let the authorities know.
1	So I ordered a Hot sandwich and a side of onion rings... $18.95.. No thanks!
1	$24 for a 16" pizza with two toppings! How do you charge 3 dollars for onions and 3 dollars for bell peppers. Forget the money. They told me 12 minutes I waited 37 MINUTES!!!! I was the only one! I asked the cashier why so long she told me the pizza guy didn't finish his lunch yet! No customer service. High prices. Not worth it. And the crust was burnt...
