5	If this place were crack cocaine*, I'd snort it.  In short, magical happiness in the form of a Mexican/Cuban restaurant in downtown Vegas.  Believe it.  *Also, crack is whack. See:  http://extremecatholic.blogspot.com/images/whitney.jpg
5	Once in a while, miracles happen to me. It's often while I'm traveling, which is probably because (a) you're in a more desperate, survivalist state when you don't have your bearings and therefore unexpected discoveries seem more miraculous, and (b) when I travel I visit almost exclusively the historic downtown core of any place, which is usually where everything magical resides. Now, I may be the only person in the world who travels to Las Vegas to visit the historic downtown core, but this is who I am and you're just going to have to learn to deal with it. Also, fuck the Strip. It's the same shitty middleamerican crowd, it's just more expensive and larger scale, which are shitty middleamerican things anyway.Back to the historic downtown core thing, they appear to be doing some civic redevelopment stuff in the "East Fremont Street" area. So when LB and I were traipsing around in the 105 degree heat admiring historic neon signs and abandoned wedding chapels, and we noticed a big sign across from the El Cortez for "MEX/CUBAN FOOD", I knew immediately that a travel miracle was upon us. And it was. First of all, it is the cutest fucking place you have ever seen. From the neon signage to the bright pink and gold chairs and pleather booths to the waitresses' dresses, it makes you want to kill yourself for ever having eaten at a crappy Chevy's. It's the real deal. It also has a giant big screen TV upon which we witnessed the following: latin music videos on "htv" (hispanic tv? anyway, h-urbano was our favorite channel), music videos featuring booty shaking ladies and armadillos, and - this is for real - a DVD concert series of recent performances by KC & the Sunshine Band, Wild Cherry, and the Trammps. Now, if you know me, you know that disco music is the way to my heart. So Mamacita's, you had me at Play That Funky Music Whiteboy. But I'm not sure you had the large Mexican family eating at pushed-together tables, because they were not stoked when you turned off the Urbano. Also, I should add that the sound system is first rate, and I think at night it turns into a dance club. Sweet.So, we also learned, "Mex/Cuban" does not mean a mishmosh of two cuisines. Apparently the owner (?) is Mexican, and her husband is Cuban, which means they have two distinct menus, one for each cuisine. Which results in more delicious choices for you, the customer. I would recommend ordering everything under "side orders" and a Cuban Sandwich. That's what I did. You may want to play it more on the healthy side and order the vegetarian fajitas, or the avocado salad. I know this because I ate those, too. Also, make sure to get the yuca. It comes two ways: fried, and in an oily roasted garlic sauce. I mean, you might as well get both of those, too. I'm not going to lie and say we didn't.  You can also get an entire roasted tilapia, if that's your thing. We actually didn't order that. Anyway, the point is that the food in Vegas is so generally shitty that when you're ready for a meal that doesn't involve processed lunch meat or $0.99 shrimp cocktail, Mamacita's is there for you, so be ready to EAT.Also, the ladies serving you are pretty much the nicest people I've ever met, so if you are one of those assholes that is rude to cab drivers and waitstaff, please don't go in here because I will be forced to break knees.The customer base is eclectic. A nice mix of latin families, oddly misplaced white people and the local street characters, of which there seem to be many on this part of East Fremont. On the walk back to the hotel I was asked if my ethnic heritage includes Russian by a dude smoking a doob in plain sight, and I'm pretty sure I saw Aileen Wuornos order a burrito. But something about it was way less scary than the nasty hooker trash at the Palms.
4	Everyone has been raving about this place, and we couldn't wait to try it. Located off off the strip on Fremont Street across the street from the El Cortez Hotel, (We parked there!) we were surprised to find it relatively empty at 9pm. (It was a FREEZING night!) For this one, I'm going to go with listing the Pluses and Minuses: (+)+ Easy Parking, across the street at the El Cortez+ Roomy, good for groups+ Cheeeep eats! Huge portions! (-) - What was the *DEAL* with them BLASTING the Eagles DVD and then after that the BRITNEY DVD on HIGH VOLUME at 9:30PM on a Monday night? I was running low on energy at that point in the evening and the volume was reaaaaaaly too high for me, cranky ol' lady. I hear they usually play salsa music, which is would have much preferred (not hatin' on the Eagles, actually.) - It was Freeeeezing in there- we sat near the window, perhaps that was why? Bring a sweater if you're coming here for dinner in winter-time. - The meals arrived ~20 minutes after we sat down, which is fine, but the plates were SUPER COLD to the touch... for those of you who know how much I love my food PIPING DANGEROUSLY HOT, this was a minus for me. Overall: a solid 3.75 stars, as the food was tasty tasty and it's a great deal on some Quality food. Service was friendly, and they let us sit around a few minutes after they closed, as we were just engaged in catching up.
4	Wow!Glad to see the good reviews, I made my maiden voyage in March '07 and thought it was fantastic, but I was DDDDDD-runk.  Made a follow-up visit in December '07 and was happy to find the food to be just as good when sober.Delicious food and cool atmosphere, although  I could do without the Carlos Santana blaring at 90 decibels.  I like my Carlos as much as the next guy, but it was a bit much. I've tried both Mexican and Cuban entrees, and you really can't go wrong with either.  Inexpensive, tasty food.  Great service.  An economically diverse clientele.  What more could one ask for?Mr. Santana takes it down from 5 stars to 4.4 stars for me.Don't walk any further east, it's kind of dangerous, especially at night.  But Mamacita's is a must if you're hungry and on Fremont - it's a required stop for me on future visits.--------------------------------Update:  March 2008They've turned down the music.  Thank you, God.  I enjoyed the same Carlos Santana videos, but at about 50% of the volume of my previous visits.  Food is still very good!
5	I've eaten here over 20 times, for over 10 years. not anymore, since my magic mentor has diabetes, partially because of too many chile rellenos from Mamacitas--yum!the food is consistent, amazing, authentic. Wow.
5	so good!I had the Cuban steak with onions, black beans and rice, it was perfect. I ordered a side of plantains that was enough for the whole table to share and they came with sour cream, my favorite. other people in my party ordered Mexican fare and truly enjoyed it. portions were large and reasonably priced.The salsa and tortilla cheaps were outstanding.Everyone agreed that this was quite possibly the best meal for the best price  in Vegas. Free parking across the street in the el cortez casino, no wait for a table, quick and delicious!
1	This was by far one of the worst Vegas restaurant experiences that I have had.  My husband and I are addicted to Mexican/Cuban food, and we finally decided to give this dirty lookin little place a try.  There were 2 bums laying on the sidewalk outside the resturant.  There were a group of mexican guys sitting in the corner with buckets of beer in front of each of them- they were watching some Mexican soccer game... a disco ball in the front window ... so far so good, lol.We got two Negro Medolo's, a steak burrito, and a CHICKEN enchilada ala carte.  The menu said "add an enchilada to a combo for $1.95"  the server told us that it was no longer the special, it was now 2.95 to add an enchilada.  We told her that was fine.  I can't eat a whole lot when I'm having a beer ;)  The food didn't take too long... after she drops it off, we don't see her again till the "bill" comes... The burrito was actually really good... huge portions too.  The "chicken" enchilada turned out to be a cheese enchilada... so I didn't eat that.  No biggie... except the server was gone for 20 minutes.  We started to think she went home or something...  After we set our plates to the side, the other girl working finally came over to take the plates.   We told her, that we got the wrong enchilada, no biggie, and we don't want another one.  At that point, our food and beer had settled and theres no way i could eat anymore.  She said she would tell our server...So, our server finally comes back over with a tablet she had written our checks on (apparently, she never shows us a check) and tells us that will be $30.LOL.  What?   $30 dollars for one burrito and two beers?  The burrito itself, was 9.95.  She continues to go over her calculations, $5.75 for the beers, $3.50 for the enchilada [[[stop!  first, we got an enchilada we didn't order - and sent it back... but do you remember she told us the enchilada was now 2.95?  She's making these prices up as she goes, i beleive]]]We told her we got the wrong enchilada... she says "i dunno, you eat it"  Uh.... no, we told her we didn't, we sent it back... (which she would have known if she had been back to the table even once after the food had arrived)  She stomps away, to ask the other girl ... our server stomps off to the kitchen and we see her arguing with some guy in the kitchen.   She walks back over and says "okay, now 27 dollar"We were so disturbed by the arguing and extremely rude service, we just wanted to leave, and didn't think about how that added up, we just gave her money and left.   If i had been paying, i would have stiffed her.  I've never in my life stiffed a server.  I worked in restaurants for 7 years, husband was a bartender for 4+yrs, we tip VERY WELL!!  After we got back to Freemont i start thinking.  So... 9.95 for the burrito, and - 17 dollars for the two negro medelos?!?  what ?!  Husband seems to remember her saying the beers were 5.75 a peice.  Thats 11.50... 11.50+9.95=  $22.95So that means all the porn slappers sitting in the corner had 40 dollar bucks of beer sitting in front of each of them?  I'm sure.  Did she think we were drunk and wouldn't realize we were getting ripped off?  Since we never got a check, and she seemed to keep changing her prices every time she came back to the table, I'm sure she pocketed a good bit of our payment.  Whata fuckin shame, I really liked the burrito.  I would NEVER step foot in this place again.  I can't imagine making your customers feel so uncomfortable.. If you still need to go here, check the menu for the prices, and ask for a check at the end...  Maybe she added a 5 dollar plate share fee??  that would be a high plate share fee - especially for a dirty little mexican place in the ghetto!!  Even so, I wasn't planning on eating the damn burrito- I ordered ONE enchilada, (i don't eat much at night, and theres no point in ordering food that I won't eat!) Either way, its poor buisness practice...  I've never felt the need to call a restaurant's manager, until this experience... but i figured what would the point be?  I don't think any of them spoke english.... and if they did, would they even care?  They don't care that they employ a theif... geez.. I was trying to not bring in a stereotype, but damn... :-xI think we paid for half the beer for the mexican guys in the corner?  who knows...
4	So good! I will always go here whenever I am in town because it is always worth it. I will try to be brief...The GOOD:  My food has always been excellent.  The flavors are delicious, the spices are right, the portion sizes are good, but not overwhelming. I love Tex-Mex and Real Mex and have tasted it all and this is really good but not the best. The Cuban food is good also, but it is not for me.   The BAD: Service has always been ridiculous in my experience.  I have had servers who were either friendly yet incompetent or servers who were evil and glaring yet bringing me my food and drinks in a timely manner. (Honestly, both of these are fine with me as long as I get my food.)
5	With a stroke of luck I randomly strolled into this place after getting hungry walking up Fremont street.  There were a couple of shady-looking characters wandering about outside, but where in Vegas are there not?My girl ordered shrimp cocktail and the papano fajita platter (I think that was the name).  I was going to order the chimichanga dinner but the lady told us we were getting too much food so I canceled the chimi and sure enough, the shrimp cocktail and cuban fajita platter were plenty for two.  Really, really tasty.  The service wasn't great but the food and price more than made up for it.We went twice.  On the second visit, I finally did get the chimichanga and it was perfect.  We also tried their "old laundry" Cuban soup (ropa vieja) which was awesome, and fried platains which were great.  This place has a great "down home" feel.
4	While staying at the El Cortez Hotel for the 2009 NASCAR races, my buddy mentioned that there was a little Mexican-Cuban restaurant directly across the street that he wanted to try out. I am so thankful that he suggested Mamacita's!I ordered the #5 combo, a Chile Relleno so delicious that I couldn't stop raving about the flavor in between each bite. Also included was a fried carnitas taco that was fatty & flavorful - a great combination at $10.95. What also set this place apart was the large LCD TV playing a video of Elvis Presley bringing down the house. Great DVD, great sound! On my second visit alone, I ordered the same dinner, plus two ice cold Coronas, while watching a DVD of the greats from the disco era.Probably the only reason that I would stay at the El Cortez Hotel again is that the hotel is so perfectly situated to this little restaurant - check it out!
1	No. Just. No. The decor was a little loud for my taste, and the same Selena dvd was played three times while we were there, which got old real fast. It's also not in the best part of town, but hey, it happens. The food was good, I'll give them that. I ordered the ropa vieja, and enjoyed it, or would have if they'd gotten the order right. It states quite clearly on the menu that ropa vieja comes with papas fritas (french fries). My plate came with white steamed rice and a bowl of beans. When I asked the waitress politely about my fries, she told me (rudely) that my meal did not come with fries. I protested, saying it was on the menu, and she told me outright that I was wrong, and walked away. I had no menus handy or I would have showed her. Half the reason I ordered what I did was because I was craving some french fries. I don't think I've ever been told flat out that I was WRONG at a restaurant before. Not only that, but we ordered ONE pitcher of margaritas, but she brought out another over the course of the meal, which we did not drink or order. These margaritas were awful. I don't think they used real tequila. No one at our table finished a glass. Then we were told we were being charged $24 a pitcher, when we hadn't even touched the other pitcher. Um. No. Not only that, but we had a rather large party. I understand that this can be difficult for small restaurants. However, when we arrived, there was only one other table occupied. But people who came in after us starting receiving their food before a quarter of the people at our table received their meals. Come on! You don't serve the new orders before you've gotten the first table done! Other people at my table got the wrong food, too. My father-in-law can't eat cheese, and so he specifically requested NO CHEESE in the enchiladas or on the beans. He received cheese on both and had to send it back. The service here was AWFUL. The waitress was surly and never available except when she brought a plate of food out (which was once every ten minutes). I absolutely DO NOT recommend this place, especially if you have a group of people over four. Too bad, cause the food is good.
5	I've been here four times and enjoyed every visit.  Good food, good service, good prices.  The menu is fairly diverse, but still features dishes you would find at just about any Mexican restaurant.  Good for a late night bite if you happen to be in the down town/ Fremont St area.
5	Loved this place. Food was delicioso. Atmosphere caliente! Very close to Fremont Street. Go here!!
4	i went to this place after i checked out the pictures i have taken of vegas so far, and the sole decision to see the freemont street experience.i went to freemont street a couple of days ahead, but i didnt see the canopy of lights, so i went back.well, on first impression, the place looks very authentic. but the weird smell (i have super smelling powers) kinda turned me off. two girls walked in and i asked them if they ever ate there - they said no but it was highly recommended by the robocop (he was a cop on a segway.)the service was a bit slow  - but there was only one waitress, and i dont really blame her. the food was good. it didnt taste americanized to me, but thats my opinion. its almost close to what i have back in queens, NY.the food here is a welcome and homey change to the food they serve at the strip by the venetian. aaaah. it felt like home. the porkchops were good. i loved the waitress gisela because she was the only service person in vegas who didnt expect a tip.
2	Might not B a 3 star, but gotta balance out all those crazy 4 stars!  Is OK to good, kinda pricey 10-15 or more... There's gotta B better in the LV! Should I try the Barrio? If this is the best LV has for Mexican/cuban, I feel for them! Help yelp!
3	Michael Jackson makes for surprisingly good music to eat their food to.
1	My wife and I ate here over a year ago, and I was very disappointed in the meal.  I agree that for the price, I'd expect a nicer place with better service and not an entrance from the parking lot that is like a service entrance.The food was nothing special.  It is an amalgam, and that's not what we were looking for.  We wanted good Cuban food.  Not here.  This is the one food area where Las Vegas is really lacking.
2	I've been here a few times since the initial review and the food has been marginal.  Guess I'll avoid for a while.  Bummer.
3	Like other reviews have noted, expect horrible service.Located off Fremont street by a couple of blocks, in a seedy area. Expect crack heads and crazy homeless folks around here.I had a Cuban sandwich that contained chicken instead of beef, but was still good. Hot salsa and chips. Sandwich cane with fries, but why have fries when you can have chips and salsa instead?Overall, decent food in bad surroundings with bad service.Bonus points for having Michael Jackson videos on to eat to.
4	Pan con bisteca is great and garlicy with nice charred onions. Good service, friendly folks.  And it's right on the neon museum.
1	I used to love the Cuban food at this restaurant.  Not any more.  I don't know if the ownership changed, but it's now called "Mamita's" and the chef clearly doesn't know how to cook.  Moreover, the service was incredibly slow and bad.  I ordered the masas de puerco fritas, and it arrived dry.  I asked for garlic sauce, and ten minutes later, the chef sent out a bowl of onions in oil.  Terrible service, worse cooking.  Too bad. Stay away.
3	It's a cute place but I've had better food.I walk in and the place is decorated with everything Vegas and Mexico. From Elvis, shot glasses to Chiuauas, etc. I had a side order of their chile relleno. Meh... Nothing special. It wasn't bad but I'd had WAY better at my Mexican friend's house when she makes it herself.The highlight of the night was the huge flat screen that was playing old school R&B music videos. As a big fans of eras past, we decided to stick around a little longer just to watch the vids.Would we return? No, not really. But if we were in the area and were craving the cuisine, we'd stop in.
3	So-so...
2	Well it was clean and the food quality was ok, but very bland.  Had all the flavor of a lean cuisine Service was friendly but very slow even though there were only 5 customers. The prices are high for Cuban /mex especially for the neighborhood.  Possibly the worst mojito I've ever had.  Not even worth a second chance.  Gets the second star for the cheesy spanish language videos.
4	Ok it's true, it's not on the best stretch of road in Vegas.   However, the food makes it worth the trek.  My wife and I were in Vegas for a few days and I think we ate breakfast here three times, that's how good it was.  Other than a fair price and good service.  The breakfast was so filling I usually didn't eat again until 4pm or 5pm.  We would have the Cuban or Mexican breakfast consisting of rice, eggs, beans, bread, plantains or a similar variation.   Believe it or not, the coffee was excellent.  I hear the secret is a little cinnamon thrown in when they  brew it.  Next time we hit Vegas Mamacita's will be on our list of places to eat.  Hopefully by then they'll stop running the same Selena live DVD.
1	I was excited to get me one of them Cuban sandwiches. The bread was nothing to write home about, but it was ok.They charged me $9 for a $5.95 Cuban sandwich. I asked the server if she charged me for 2 sandwiches cuz the menu indicates the price of $5.95. The lady then gave me $3. I asked my buddy's roommate about the place and he said, "F@#k that place. They charged me $20 for the food and drink. The actual price was $12. I recommend that you add the bill yourself before you get over charged. Check your bill before paying.Mamacita, either learn to add or stop ripping off customers. Yelp is here to help.
3	So is this place called Mamita's or Mamacita's?!?! When you walk into this dump it's like Vegas and Mexico threw up on each other or something like that, it's very interesting to say the least. It's right across the street from El Cortez hotel, so that alone should give you a clue of what kind of place this is going to be lol. I noticed this place because I was outside on the curb of El Cortez waiting in line for my Punk Rock Bowling tickets in 90 degrees at 11am, drinking some hot Jack n coke in a plastic cup. My friend and I were debating whether to eat here or the cafe, and ended up here. I think at this point I would eaten anything lol. Since I was in Vegas I started off with a strawberry margarita, because well, I really love margaritas. Also, it is completely acceptable to keep drinking all day, even before noon in Vegas, so why the hell not. I then ordered a chicken taco and enchilada combo plate with rice and beans. It was probably not the best Mexican food, but it really hit the spot and plus they gave me a decent amount of sour cream, so I devoured that plate, lol. My friend ordered a Cuban sandwich and beer, but they were out of Cuban beer, so fail right there. Also, his sandwich came on some questionable bread, so yea overall fail on the Cuban menu. The bread in the picture looked way better. Overall, my food was pretty good, but my friend's not so good. The service was also pretty terrible, they take forever to take your order, get your order, and if you need anything else after your meal finally arrives, forget about it!!!! They weren't even that busy until maybe the end our meal. This place is cheap and convenient though if you happen to be in Downtown Vegas. Apparently that Selena live in concert DVD is constantly playing, which is only awesome the first time through.
1	My friend Karen had seen this restaurant and had made mental note that she wanted to give it a shot. We decided this is where we would do dinner last night, before hitting up the Western for $1 shots and beers and then to Dino's for Karaoke. Wow where do I start? Waited about 15 minutes until we were finally approached for a drink order, let alone questions regarding the menu. I had never had Cuban food at a restaurant so I was a bit clueless on what certain things were. I asked the waitress what the house specialty is or what is ordered the most and or popular, she then points out a few things on the menu and says this is OK, um that is OK. Well you know what lady, I am looking for more than just "OK". Crappy service for starters, after finally coming to take our order it took another 15 minutes or so to get our drinks. The food took forever, and only two of four meals were brought. So I am sitting waiting until my friends food comes so I can eat. I said screw it, my fajitas are getting cold waiting so I dug in! After the non helpful suggestions from the waitress, I decided to play it safe and ordered the beef and chicken fajitas which came with a side plate of rice and beans. The fajitas were a large portion of dry unseasoned chicken and beef. Not much flavor at all to speak of. I have had better fajitas at El Torito's. Disappointment for me as even the rice and beans were bland, very bland! Friend #1 ordered a bowl of menudo, she said the flavor was not the best and she is an old school menudo eater. She asked the waitress prior if it their menudo had a red or white base, the waitress pulled the menu and pointed to the picture and said that is what it looks like. Also her plate was a sloppy mess when it arrived, menudo juice all over the plate and running down the side of the bowl, the presentation was just bad. I know they were rushing to get orders out but there is just no excuse for that slop to be dropped at anyone's table. I attached a picture, check it out.Friend #2 got the Tequila pollo dish with a side order of chile releno. The chicken was one big slab on the plate, would have made a better eater friendly and a visually appealing meal had they sliced it. The portion was generous but did not matter as the taste once again was bland as the other dishes we tried. Friend #3 got some sort of beef dish that was nothing but grizzle, all she was able to eat was the white rice and the black beans she spit up. Literally had a plate of wasted meat left. She probably should have sent it back as was basically inedible. The service was slow, and not very friendly, did not seem like a good outcome if a complaint was issued, I think that is the vibe we felt. Still I would have issued my complaint as they can not improve something if they are not aware or getting the complaint. Service and food very disappointing. The tab was $80.00 for four of us for bad service and plain, unflavored food. We will NOT be back. Also the flat screen TV blasting the Michael Jackson videos, over and over and over and over and over was overkill. We could not hear each other so we had very little conversation between the four of us. A hilarious moment, the waitress walked past our table and because the music video was soooooo freakin loud the waitress did not even hear my friend calling her! We just wanted to ask if they could turn it down. Several other patrons were talking about it as well. Ok they were not talking about it as I could not hear anyone, I mean I was lip reading along with watching people point to their ears so I am assuming they were thinking the same as we were that the music was way too loud. Don't get me wrong...music is my life but when I dine I am not really down for a taped concert at the same time. It was ridiculous how loud it was.This place sucks balls...and not the good kind! This place just gave reason for a bitch fest that night from my friends, and they are not even Yelpers! I never want to endure that again!They should also train their employees on cuban food, not cool for a specialty restaurant to have staff that is clueless in regards to the menu.Service sucks Poor food Pricey
2	I really want to like this place but...  The service really leaves something to be desired, I think we confused the server by ordering appetizers because our entrees came out before our appetizers.  When we asked about them she seemed really confused that we actually wanted to have them before our meals.  When our meals finally arrived, my friend got her meal plus they put the appetizer in front of her but I did not get my meal.  So we just ate the appetizers.  I finally got my meal after inquiry. Also, the waitresses are quite surly.The food leaves something to be desired as well.  The bread for the cuban sandwich was very dry and very flaky.  Very peculiar and hard to eat.Overpriced and it is a hassle to use their bathroom.  You have to ask for a key and then walk down a sketchy outside hallway in the back of the restaurant.  My advice:  Try to hold it until the El Cortez across the street.
1	I want to give Mamacita's a good review and it wasn't for lack of trying as I live Downtown, but I can't.. But basically I'd have to say the quality and freshness of the food and also the servie staff leave a lot to be desired. I had the huevos ranchero, and the portion's were poor for the price and the ranchero sauce was not fresh and the rice was cold. I tried it again and had a cuban sandwich and plantain's. The plantain's were undercooked on the inside and overcooked on the outside and flavorless,  the cuban was OK but the bread was dry. I gave it one more try walking home one night and decided maybe I should be going after their more expensive signature dishes. I went for the pork and ended throwing most it out after I choked down a few bites. It was super dry with no rub and lightly nuked. All in all there are much better places to eat that care about the quality of the food and service.
4	Its downtown, expect to see some creepy creepies and the usual degenerates. The food is freaking awesome!!!!! Service is ok. If you want a classy joint, of 5 star service go somewhere else. Everyone that expects more from this place other than delicious food is an idiot. I go here all the time, and recommend it to everyone. Shrimp fajitas are out of control!
1	Horrible, bad don't eat here. Staff doesn't care about service or quality of food
5	I'm not sure if this place is called Mamacita's or Mamita's... The sign outside says Mamita's yet you could get a menu that says Mamita's or Mamacita's. No bid deal. What really matters is the food and service, right!?!?!When I walked in to the restaurant, I was quickly transported back to my childhood when I visited my abuela's house. It smelled like her house and was decorated just as gaudily with knick-knacks and other various decor. Right away I could sense some authenticity.Food was great! It did take longer than I am used to, however I do believe Cuban food that is prepared properly will inevitably take time. The waitress happily substituted the fries that came with my meal for the platanos. When I got my meal, it looked as though I was given a whole banana. Everything was cooked properly and seasoned well.The service was good. The waitress was attentive enough. If we needed her, she was there. She was pleasant. No complaints here.I will definitely be going back!
2	We definitely didn't come in for the Bee Gees music but we definitely left because of it. Although my breaded steak was ok, my orange juice was straight from a bottle, and the music video with all your favorite easy listening bands just didn't do it for me. In fact, they made things worse by turning up the music as we ate, even though there was only six people in the restaurant. We ended up running for our lives out of here.
1	DO NOT RECCOMEND!!Chimichangas were hard as a rock.Chips & Salsa was free. Service is eh & the decor is dreadful.Also they have a DJ posted by the window?Why? Not sure, I guess they want me to suffer through pit bull songs while I complain about my crap tacos. Downtown has some good spot, this is NOT one of them.
2	I went to Fremont Street hoping to finally try LeThai. But as is my luck with any Tony Hsieh supported business I had another bad experience as LeThai was closed. So I head back to the parking garage at the El Cortez hungry and wondering what to do. I step out of the elevator and see Mamacita's. Or is it Mamita's? Heck if I know, it's Mexican food, my second most favorite thing except pizza. I punch the down button, a couple steps through the casino and across Fremont has me inside waiting on someone to help me. Mamacita's is s-l-o-w. Like the polar ice caps will be melted by the time they get to you slow. I grabbed a seat and waited to get a menu. I waited to get salsa, which by the way they brought chips and a medium and a hot salsa, both of which were good. I waited to finally get someone to take my order. Meanwhile I'm sitting there facing Fremont St. watching ESPN on the flat screen on the wall and waiting some more. Finally I get my lunch special, a taco, enchilada, rice, and beans. They used regular beans, not dehydrated beans which was a surprise of sorts. The taco was crispy but had me relying heavily on the salsa to make it good. And everything else was just ho-hum. I also ordered ice tea, which was good but they brought out the sugar tray and all it had in it was artificial sweetners. I'm sorry but I only do real sugar when I'm out, or Xyla at home, I won't use anything else. So not having real sugar on the table was something I didn't like. I got a phone call so I had to leave and it took forever to get someone's attention and to get my check. I tried to hand my server my debit card but she ignored it, went up and printed my ticket then came back and got it. Seriously, I needed to go at that point, when I tell you to just run the damn card, run the damn card. If I was on Fremont Street and hungry I might come back here again. But if you're on a tight lunch hour this is NOT a place you even want to consider. They take slow to a whole other place and it's not good. Also decor wise it's kinda cool but the 80's music and other crap gets old very quickly. 2 Stars: It's just not all that.
1	Horrible service!!. If I had known they were shut down by the health dept., wouldn't have come here. Waited 15 min for the waitress and it wasn't even busy.  The table next to us waited forever and when they asked for more chips, they were charged for them. We had to get up and get our own refills. Stay away and find another place to eat!!  Didn't even want to leave a 1 star but there's no lower rating!!
1	I had a terrible experience at this restaurant. I walked in and they took about 10 min to bring us the menu, I was then waiting for another 15 min and no one came to get our order so we had to walk away. There were only  about four tables and plenty of staff to take care of us. menu: large menu services: Terrible!! prep time:  unknown (I'm sure they take forever 2)atmosphere:  old looking decorations, thumbs downBest Thing:  Free chips and salsaother comments: During the weekend they play Latin music, so If you feel like shaking your hips you can check this place out!
5	Amazing Atmosphere, music videos that were from my childhood, oh ya....THE FOOD! Eveerything about this place made me thankful our drunken stooper led us in this direction! YOU CAN'T GO WRONG when you find Mamacita's. This instantly became a regular stop, when
