2	Went here to get my daughter a special outfit for her class recital. I was very disappointed. This store is great if you want to get regular dance clothes (tights, leos, etc.) but you will be paying an arm and a leg for them. I live in S. Scottsdale and normally go to Barry's Capezio, but I didn't make it by closing time (Dees is open 2 hours later.) However; Dee's wasn't worth my time. I walked out not finding what I was looking for, and I was extremely disappointed by the selection. The staff came out to point to the kids section and then went back into a back room. I'll be going to back to Barry's Capezio tomorrow. Their selection is much bigger with a better variety, and the prices are at least 1/2 of Dee's Dancewear. The staff is much friendlier at Barry's too.
1	Simple!1) Rude Staff2) High Prices (Double in some cases)3) Pretty much no return policy, which really pisses me off. When you go some where specifically to get fitted for shoes, and they do it incorrectly, then you can't return them! Really! BAD BUSINESS ALL AROUND!
1	I wish I would have read these reviews before going to Dee's. I have always gone to Barry's Capezio in Scottsdale for the past 14 years and decided to go to Dee's because they can put taps on the shoes right in the store. Well...big mistake! The taps were uneven on each shoe and I felt a screw inside. My director/choreographer (who I sent there to buy his taps) told me to bring them back for an adjustment. So I dropped them off,  and when I came back, I still felt a screw inside the shoe. And so did the girl who worked there. They said I had to call the owner in the morning. So I left the shoes there again and called the next morning and I was being very nice and apologetic because I knew his dad was ill. Here I was apologizing for not being satisfied and instead of saying he's sorry I had to come back 3 times, he yelled at me saying 'I don't have time for this!" and hung up! So I went to pick them up after work and I got home and tried them on. I still feel the screw and the right shoe doesn't tap when I tap the front of my foot. I had just spent almost 300.00 there within 5 days on another pair of dance shoes as well. Block split sole characters for almost 100 bucks!, plus i sent a bunch of others to buy their items for our production. We will NEVER go back. I don't know what to do now! I can't tap in these. Maybe I'll see what Barry's Capezio says. All this money wasted!
1	This is a place to stay away from.  Because they have been in business so long they think they can do what they want to the customers.  Despite the staff recommending a shoe as a good tap shoe, and despite the owner putting taps on the shoe, when it didn't work for the dancer as a tap shoe, the owner not only refused to stand behind the sale of the shoe and his workmanship, but he was rude about not making things right.  In a day in age when online shopping is quick and convenient, retail stores should be bending over backwards to be helpful to their customers.  Barry is not.  Stay away from Dee's Dancewear.  Poor Dee would be sick to see her sons doing such a lousy job with her namesake.  Shame on them!
4	I have to say, after reading the other reviews, I'M SHOCKED! I've been going to this Dees for a few years and have NEVER experienced what I am reading here. Strange...The staff has been nothing but courteous and helpful! They greet us when we walk in and apologize if they are unable to get to us right away (serving other customers).  They've even come up to me to ask if I need help finding anything.As with most retailers, I avoid going on weekends. Stores in general are typically just too busy and I personally don't have the patience. Since I like to receive good customer service, I try to pick the best days and times when I will likely receive it.I won't argue that Dees' prices seem high for many of their clothing items. However, their shoes and dance tights seem comparable in price.Making exchanges is super easy too. That's been MY experience. I hope other Yelpers who have had pleasant exeriences here will post their reviews.
1	It's Sunday, right?Do I have your attention?  It's Sunday, and Barry's Capezio is closed, right?  You need dance supplies for yours or your daughter's dancing class tomorrow and the dance store that you always go to is closed.   You're looking for an alternative and you found this place.  Please don't be tempted.When we went, service seemed friendly, but the consequences for our choice came later.  Our daughter was about ready to begin classes for pointe, and we described to them our situation.  We, on their advice, walked out with demi-pointe shoes--this was the WRONG ADVICE!  No fitting (other than to try them on), no advice as to care, just hand us the shoes and ring us up.  Nothing else.  To see the pain on my daughter's face after that first class was agonizing, as were the huge blisters all over her feet.Wait.  Please wait until Monday.
4	I was a first time customer of Dee's today. I actually had a pretty good experience! The staff were busy fitting two little girls for pointe shoes and managed to help me in between. Sure, they're a little pricey, but what are people expecting when buying the top brands of dance shoes?? I paid pretty much what I was expecting to for my BLOCH nude character t-straps. If you're buying quality, don't complain about the price because you really do get what you pay for. And as for not buying the correct style or size, well, it's something you learn from experience. It took me a good 4-5 years to know what worked on my feet and what didn't. It may be a size, brand or style issue and unfortunately, that knowledge only comes from experience.I'm glad I went into Dee's today and I will return in the future! :)
5	My daughter left her purse there after shopping there.  They had no idea who the purse belonged to.  (I believe she was one of the owners) Tracked down my email through my daughters barnes and noble kids card.  They went out of their way to call barnes and nobles and barnes and nobles emailed me.  Thank you very much.
