5	I've been a customer of Shoe Lab for many years. It doesn't matter what my problem is, Jerry has a solution.I recently found an old leather computer bag/briefcase buried in my garage. It was a gorgeous bag a few years ago, but it got lost in the "black hole" that is MY garage. I brought it in & asked Jerry if he could bring it back to life. Without hesitation, he said "absolutely; give me a couple days." True to his word, my bag looks BRAND NEW.If you have any shoes, luggage, handbags/purses, furniture or auto upholstery that needs to be repaired, I HIGHLY recommend that you take it to Shoe Lab.Thanks Jerry.Scott Allan
5	My Grandkids somehow put a large slit in my leather couch. I was frantic. I called Lazy Boy to ask them for help and they recommended Shoe Lab. I was so glad I called. Jerry, came to my house the next day looked everything over gave me a price and now my leather couch looks brand new again. Everyone that I dealt with at the store was very professional. I am so glad I found them for the future.
4	I took a last minute trip to Vegas, who really plans trips to Vegas right? I just bought a pair of Christian Louboutin heels the night before and urgently needed them to add a red rubber sole so I wouldn't slip and to prevent damage. I called the shoe lab and they told me to bring the shoe in and they could have it done while I wait. At $55, it was pricier than what I pay at home but I was very happy with the fast service and the rubber seemed a little thicker than the place I go to which means it will last longer. I also brought in a patent leather shoe that was scuffed and he said it could be repaired like new in a day. I didn't have time for that. I met the owner who was very friendly. He let me know I could ship anything in for repairs. I saw on their website they even fix heels your dog has chewed. I wish I knew that before I threw out several pair. They repair purses, belts, and furniture also. Their website gives examples of everything they fix. In spite of the higher prices I will use them again next time I'm in Vegas or next time my puppy decides my favorite shoes are tasty. Oh, due to construction this place was a little hard to find using mapquest. Once you find it you will have to enter through the rear entrance so it's best to park back there. There's plenty of parking.
5	IMPRESSED Called regarding clothing repair, which is a service they do not provide.  However, the gentleman who answered the phone took the time to answer my questions with GREAT customer service & a clear background with no noise. I look forward to utilize their services for shoe & luggage repair in the near future.
5	I sent my wedding shoes to the Shoe Lab for dying.  At first I wasn't sure if they could be dyed because they were not completely satin shoes, but I asked them and they said they definitely could be done.  So, I sent my shoes with the swatch of fabric I needed them matched to and they came back the exact color I wanted, perfectly matched the swatch.  They did them in the time promised and I was very happy with their work.  Thanks Shoe Lab!!!  I also had Shoe Lab repair a pair of work shoes that were worn at the front and the back and the black  was fading and ripping off from me hitting the back of my shoes on my chair.  I wasn't sure if they were repairable, but I sent them to the Shoe Lab and they repaired the shoes and they're like new now.  I would definitely recommend sending anything to Shoe Lab.  Their work is very good.
1	First and foremost, I have to say, I have never actually come on this site to complain about anything until this moment. I am very easy going usually about service but I really feel this story needs to be told just in case others have problems with Shoe Lab. This place might quite possibly be the worst customer service I have ever gotten from anyone, ever!! I sent my samsonite suitcase to be repaired at this shoe lab location on Highland Dr.  I would say maybe a month ago.  The suitcase sat there for over a week and I never heard anything from them so I called in.  I would also like to notate throughout this whole process THEY HAVE NEVER ONCE CALLED ME, I HAVE HAD TO CALL THEM.  Anyway, she first said it wasn't there, then came back and said it was and wasn't fixed yet.  She said she would let me know the next day, so again I called them they didn't call me.  She said it was fixed and then literally shipped the suitcase that evening and arrived the next morning.  When I pulled it out of the box it was seriously exactly the same as It was when I shipped it to them to be repaired.  They were supposed to fix the wheel as it was bending into the housing and rubbing the housing.  It was still bending into the housing and all they did was basically spray WD40 on it and shipped it back to me.  So I called again and asked why it was still broken and the woman who answered the phone had the nerve to ask me of I did something to it!! Mind you I seriously had just pulled it from the box and was telling her this.  YES, because I have so much time in my life to be breaking the things I need fixed just so I can complain about it later!The next thing that happened was that I had to wait till the management came back from vacation before i could get anything done to solve thos problem. It was Wednesday and I had to wait till Monday before anyone could help me.  I then looked up a new place and took it there to be looked at.  The man told me they did really sketchy work and also told me that he wasn't sure how they said they repaired it since they don't make parts for that suitcase anymore.  Anyway, he didn't want to repair it because it was already in the computer system that samsonite covered the repair with Shoe Lab. I called Shoe Lab back and the management said they would make arrangements to have the suitcase sent back to them.  I asked her about the parts and told her that I was told they no longer make this suitcase or parts for it and she said they had extra parts.  Again, after about a week of it sitting there, i called again.  I was then told the suitcase needed to be replaced because THEY NO LONGER MAKE PARTS FOR THAT SUITCASE, which is what i just asked them about.  The manager told told they have to contact samsonite to get them to replace the bag and that they would need a few days to get them to respond.  Again, ANOTHER WEEK, I call AGAIN.  Still no word from Samsonite about replacing my bag whatsoever and I am supposed to be leaving soon for a job, which requires that I have my bag.  MY BAG IS STILL SITTING THERE, and they have not done ONE THING they were supposed to do.  I'm not a genius, but how do you repair something that you don't have the parts to?  What they should have done was tell samsonite to replace the bag(which is still under the warranty) the first time rather than PRETEND to fix something they don't have parts to and just ship it right back with WD40 on it.  This is a joke and I have gotten nothing but a HUGE run-around from this company.  I have worked in retail and never treated someone this way.  Customer service has gone folks, it definitely doesn't exit at Shoe Lab on Highland Dr.
5	I honestly can't recommend Shoe Lab any higher than what I'm going to try to do here.  They are, much like Scotty from "Star Trek", "Miracle Workers".They've helped me out twice through dog related damages.  One of my pups clawed up an antique chair that was my Dad's, and I was devastated.  I sent it to them before I went on a vacation, only to come back to it looking brand new, better than it had in the first place.  Four years later, it still looks great.A few weeks ago, another one of my pups thought it would be HILARIOUS to chew one of my favorite belts I've had for years.  It's not an amazing belt, but it's sentimental, and I didn't want to admit its end as becoming a chew toy.Thing was, I forgot about Shoe Lab, and looked for a good leather repair place.  When I pulled up, I remembered this place from the last time, and felt better about my belt's fate.  The next day, it was back.  There's a tiny, minor indication of where it got damaged, but I would have to really point it out to someone in order to see where it took the original damage.Shoe Lab is great.  They have come through twice when I've really needed them too, and the work has looked good, and held up.  A little pricey, but they give you an estimate, and the work makes up for the value.The next dog crisis or general refurbishment, I'll be coming back here without hesitation.
5	Hi Yelpers... Need that Luis Vuitton bag repaired?  Well, this is where the strip Luis V Stores will send your bag for repair.  The art of repairing a handbag back to when it was new is a craft like no other... The only difference in dealing with these folks direct is the difference of about $250 less per repair. Shame on Luis V for not treating their loyal customers right and trying to make significant money on a repair.  This place actually picks the bags up from those stores, repairs bag and takes the repaired bag back to the store...  I was told a 24 inch zipper would cost me $350 at Luis V... Shoe Lab charged me $120 and cleaned and polished the bag... This place is not far from the strip and worth the cost of a taxi!  They do outstanding work!!!  Secret is out Luis Vuitton!!! Try to explain this to the craftsman at Shoe Lab... Pretty creepy of you folks!!
5	I came here after reading a review about the great service they provided on Louboutins. Its a little hidden gem. I needed to get a pair of mine fixed overnight.  I was flying out of town for the weekend the next day.  I completely ruined my red bottoms that I bought in Paris while walking on cobblestone in Florence. It totaled them!  Ah!I had called before I stopped in and asked if it was possible on such short notice to fix them.  No problem with a small expedited fee of $25, they got the job done beautifully!  The service is fantastic!  They looked brand new and we're also stretched out like I requested.  They specialise in designer shoes,  bags,  luggage and furniture. They even have people who work at shops like Manolo Blanik come in for services.  There were all kinds of designer shoes waiting for pick up.  Lanvin, Bottega, Chanel,  Jimmy Choos, you name it. I knew I was in good hands!  ;)I highly recommend this company.  I probably won't take a risk on anyone else. It's worth the drive for me!
5	Shoe Lab is awesome! The suede loop that holds the strap of my Givenchy Antigona broke and they fixed it as if it never broke!!! It is like new again! Go ahead and bring your high end/luxury items here and it will be restored to original form, you will not be disappointed and the fees are fair considering the quality work that they do! Excellent, excellent job! Thank you Billy for all your help! You all rock!
5	If you are a resident or visiting and have one of those crazy nights resulting in a damaged shoe/purse/luggage then stop drop and roll on over to the Shoe Lab! They honored the Samsonite warranty, fixed it in less than 24 hours and to top it off NO CHARGE!  I will be going here for shoe repair! Thanks for the great work guys!
3	The Shoe Lab gave my Loubountins a second life! I heard that people at the Show Lab were great at restoring and fixing high end shoes and purses. So I brought in what I thought was going to be a nightmare for them to restore and  repair. My Lady Highness heels were in need of sole re-lacquering and leather restoration. They've obviously been through a lot so I was worried it was going to take a long time and a lot of money to get my shoes into good shape. I was quoted $240 cost that included fixing the leather, repainting the sole (which by they way, they sand down around the stamp and repaint with original Christian Louboutin lacquer), and cost to ship back to me. They also gave me a turn around time of 3 days. I was impressed!Here's the reason for the 3 stars, although I would give more of a 3 1/2 stars, and not 4 or 5. I was told it would be done in three days (by Wednesday) but somehow they "ran out of the lacquer and had to reorder." I called in 6 days after dropping my shoes off and still no word. The next week they "remembered" to call me and told me that the paint came in I finally got a call back Saturday saying the shoes were done and they would be shipped the same day. It was shipped via UPS I finally got the shoes 2 1/2 weeks after I dropped them off. The woman who helped me throughout this process seemed disorganized. For a shop that's dealing with $1k+ worth of merchandise per customer I feel they need be more professional or at least on top of their game.The lacquer is almost perfect! Although I know one heel stem is never gonna look the same I would say their work was great. Not perfect but great. The scratches on the leather uppers magically disappeared too! I'll probably come back with other items from my closet that I need to repair but I'll know next time what to expect.
5	Great service. I have a Boyt carry-on and the handle broke during my last plane trip. The Shoe Lab handled the warranty claim and repair...I didn't have to do anything for the warranty claim! They also fixed a couple zipper tags for me. Very happy with their service. A hidden gem in Chinatown.
1	A waste of money....they sneak around repairs by gluing and temporarily fixing things that aren't really repaired then charge you an arm and a leg and give you a two week wait....down the street there's mom and pop shops that can get the job done in three days,properly done,and don't rob you....these people got a good rep and now the multitude of customers must have made them forget we are the reason they stay busy....not the fools they think of us....
