5	I received a voucher from ValPak in the mail offering a free wax or an upgrade to a Brazilian for $23.50 at their new location. The deal was so good that I had to try them! I am so glad I did.When I arrived I checked in at the front desk and was taken back to the room exactly on time which was great. My technician's name was MJ and she was extremely professional and meticulous. She explained their product and procedures which is something I always appreciate and kept checking with me for application pressure and pain to make sure I was comfortable. She took care of everything including cleaning and prepping the wax area which was different from my last place as I had to clean and prep myself with solution and cotton that I was given by my tech at Vivid Life Spa. I tried sugaring about 4 weeks ago and completely hated it now that I can compare it with this new experience. The application of the sugar was way too uncomfortable (lots of tugging on the hair) compared to the application and wax used here. The thing that surprised me the most is how little pain I experienced this time. It was my second time waxing so I'm sure that has to do with it as well but this was just so much better in regards to how little tugging my skin received. There were parts where I was ready for the pain and felt almost nothing.Last time I had a Brazilian I was disappointed with the results because I had a lot of stubble and several long hairs left (see my review for Vivid Life Spa) but this time I was completely smooth all the way around. I will definitely be purchasing a wax package here (about $400) and the best part is that they will give you payment arrangements (3 months) for it! How much better can it get? This was a very pleasant experience and the cleanliness, quality of work and professionalism is very much appreciated. I have found my new wax place.
5	I had been going to the Tempe Marketplace wax center, but sadly, my tech transferred to a far location. Luckily, this new European Wax Center opened up recently, so I decided to give them a try!Making an appointment was very easy over the phone, and the front desk was very friendly. My tech was Erin, and she was very thorough, attentive, and was pleasant to talk to. They offer package deals, and allow you to pay the amount over a series of months. The convenient location in the Whole Food shopping plaza also makes it ideal. I've found my new waxing place!
5	I have been getting Brazilians since I was 16, so I am extremely particular when it comes to getting "downstairs" serviced. After the new location opened up, I dropped in for the first time and was EXTREMELY pleased with Kelsey's professionalism, positive energy, and overall gentle care provided. I have never felt so comfortable and at ease with an esthetician. After seeing Kelsey for 6 consecutive appointments, I still feel the same comfortability and professionalism with her as I did the first time. I will go out of my way to make sure I have Kelsey as my waxer, she is fabulous and I recommend her to everyone!
5	Came here to get my legs waxed as I was so frustrated with having to shave everyday... One thing they don't tell you about being pregnant is hair grows fast.. everywhere. Anyway, I called in to schedule an appointment and they were able to get me in same day. Erin, my tech was so sweet and made my whole experience very comfortable. I'm truly happy with my smooth legs now. I don't think I'll ever go back to shaving them.
5	I decided to be bold and go for a Brazilian wax for the first time.  After reading a few positive reviews, I made an appointment.  It was very easy to make an appointment, front desk staff is very friendly. I was not disappointed at all!   My waxer was Kristine and she's very good!  She was professional and made me feel totally relaxed and did an awesome job.  I'll definitely be coming back here for future appointments.  My expectations were greatly exceeded!
5	I had never gotten a wax before. I now have a Spinal Cord Injury and I cannot feel below my waist. It did not stop me from getting a wax. I got a full bikini wax from Brittney. It was great! She let my PCA stand by to help with my legs (I'm spastic) and she had done a paralyzed woman before. She was very kind and sweet and gave me lots of information that I never knew before. I will definitely be back!
5	The "best wax" I ever received! EWC uses the Hard Wax and I feel that it is less painful and more comprehensive than the traditional waxing method. Ask for Erin!
5	Called in the morning and was able to get seen within the hour. Saw Lyssa for my braz and it was quick and as comfortable as a braz wax gets!! Five stars from me!They also have options for online reservations and payment arrangements for over 150$!
5	I called and got an appointment the same day. Kristine was amazing! Very professional. I will definitely be back to visit her in the future and will recommend her to friends.
