4	So last night, a friend of mine and I were out and about, and he mentioned this new Cigar club that just opened up. A new place you say? Why of COURSE i'm game to try it! Anyhow, he mentioned that it where the estate house used to be, on the third floor. We arrive, and immediately I am impressed with the ambiance of the place. Low lighting, rich woods and luxe upholstery gives it a modern yet classic east coast club feel. I was able to walk around the whole place, which is quite large actually, and was happy to find lots of patio space overlooking the water. They also play old movies on the patio, with the projection on the wall adjacent. Very cool :). The cigar list is extensive and can be overwhelming to a novice. Not to fear, the staff is there to help you, and they all appeared to be well educated on cigars, cuts, wrappers, the whole shebang. They also have private lockers where you can store your cigars at the right temperature and humidity. Access to these personal lockers is only permitted to members.Moving on to the members portion...they have a variety of memberships you can purchase for access to the club. At the moment, guests are permitted with an entrance fee, but they will be moving to exclusivity in the near future. The memberships range from individual to corporate, and start at $100 per month. The membership aspect of the club is something I personally feel can be both good and bad. I understand wanting to cater to a specific population, and create that idea of exclusivity. However, once you implement and enforce the members only aspect, people that arent members wind up being mad about it, and then you have a split audience. I hope that everything goes well for the Napoleon, and I can't wait to come watch movies!
4	I always wished someone would take over this lounge of Estate House and do somethng cool.  Well now they finally did.  Went there a few weeks ago on a Saturday night.  There was an awesome jazz band playing and the seating and ambiance were great.  One HUGE issue- how can you be a cigar lounge with no air ventilation/filteration system?  They really need to work on this because this is a great lounge with great potential.
5	I'll have to admit, being a non-smoker, I wasn't sure how much i'd appreciate the joint.  That said, I thought the lounge was a great addition to the old-town scene. The number one reason for this Yelp review is the ice-ball. If you don't know, ask the bartender on duty to add one to your cocktail....and it will make your night. Even coming straight from the sports bar scene in khakis and a tank top, I felt welcomed and appreciated at this bar, which seems to cater to all types....both members and non alike.The staff was top notch -- not too stuffy or self-serving, and I enjoyed the time I spent there. I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the great patio area and the live Jazz I saw setting up as I left.I think as soon as more of Scottsdale finds out about this gem, they're going to make it seriously uninhabitable for the likes of me. But if that's their only problem....I think I'll be able to make the occasional exception.
5	A little piece of heaven for me. Sinatra over the speakers, a Rat Pack movie projected on the brick wall, a beautiful cigar on the table and some bourbon in my glass. I'm really not sure how much better it could have gotten.    I came to The Napoleon Club on a Friday at 8pm, the crowd was just starting to pick up so we chose a sweet setup outside and planted our flag, my party of nine stayed here for four hours on a beautiful night. The Napoleon is class, class, class, everything is beautiful and well laid out. They have a large selection of smokes and booze, the only weird thing was that, at the time, they didn't have a menu with everything on it, like every cigar and every alcohol option so you could just choose, it was more about suggestions, but they said they were working on a comprehensive list type menu. The service was incredible, our servers name was Jess, ask for her, and the general manager Joey made several stops at our table to make sure everything was great. The live band was super talented and entertaining and was never too loud or distracting.    Now, the place is expensive, not outrageous, probably about what you would expect it to be. A nice cigar will run you twenty bucks and and the drinks are around ten. And no food, although I was told you can have an outside vendor bring food to you, I didn't get too into it, but call and ask if that interests you. And the air filtration system apparently works because I thought I would have to get my suit dry cleaned and it doesn't really smell at all, and I spent some time inside, you can smell the aroma of cigars around the inside, but you don't smell smoke, pretty cool.    Look, I felt like a king, it was wonderful. I left very happy with everything that went down. If you need to unwind with some friends or just want to try a sweet new place, The Napoleon is here for you, you won't be disappointed.
5	Now this is spot that I will make frequent appearances. I went there on a Friday night for a cigar and whiskey. They had a very relaxed atmosphere with a live jazz band inside and a live bluegrass band downstairs at the Herb Box. A bit pricey, so expect to drop a chunk of change if you're going to stay for awhile. The service was very friendly and their bartender made ice that has been smoked. Id recommend if you'd like a slightly smokey flavor to your preferred alcoholic beverage.
