2	I have had their calzones before and thought they were good but we decided to try the pizza tonight.. A large pizza with pep, sausage, onions, mushrooms was $18. The pizza was fair - lots of grease and the crust was too chewy for me!
2	Finally tried Hawthorne's last week after waiting a couple of years post-Mellow Mushroom.  Yawn -- really nondescript taste (though a couple of the topping combinations were quite interesting -- including pulled pork on their take on the Hawaiian pizza -- nicely done!).No reason to pick this place when Brooklyn's is just over at Rea and Colony.
5	Awesome pizza!!!!!!!
1	It would literally be impossible for a restaurant to screw up a to go order more often than this Hawthornes location. I live within walking distance, so my friends nad I order (or make that used to order) Hawthornes all the time. I'm not kidding around when I say THEY SCREWED UP 5 OUT OF 5 OF MY LAST ORDERS!!!!!!Perhaps it makes me an idiot for keep going back, but the staff is nice, so I tend to give them the benefit of the doubt, but that ship has sailed. Last order there was a piece of paper in my cannoli. Time before that I asked for the pasta sauce on the side, they left it out completely. Order before that they didn't give me ranch or blue cheese for my wings even though I said it on the phone, and then asked AGAIN  when I picked it up if it was in the bag. Time before that ordered a salad for my boss at work along with some other stuff and there was no dressing. (It's too far to drive back, so I had to go back out and get her fast food.)The other day I was there they of course left something out, so I walked back. The manager knows they screw up my orders a lot, just because I'm constantly having to come back and complain something is wrong. So she offers me $10 off my next order.... She said to just come back and say the female manager told me to take $10 off my order. So I did, AND THE PERSON ON THE PHONE REFUSED TO GIVE ME THE DISCOUNT! I don't care if this place was so close it was in the kitchen of my house, I'm never ever ever eating at this craphole again.  Seriously this place is the single worst restaurant I have ever been to in my entire life in regards to getting your order right. It is seriously mind blowing how bad they are. AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID!!!!!!!!
4	I've been coming to this Hawthorne's location pretty much since they opened, and I don't think they've ever screwed up an order.Pizza is delicious and if you haven't tried the Buffalo Wing Pizza, give it a whirl.  Meatballs for the calzones, or for a side dish, or even for a sandwich are also spot on.They almost always have a new beer special on tap, so be sure to ask your waiter about that as well.Definitely recommended, might be the best pizza in the queen city.
5	My wife and I have been to this Hawthorne's a few times, and though they've always been good, our first visit was noteworthy for being perfectly executed.Excellent service: the waitstaff has a good knowledge of the menu and is able to answer questions and make recommendations when you're not sure about your selection. Consistently quick with bringing food to the table, clearing dishes, and taking drink orders. Great waitstaff are great for NOT being noteworthy, they just make the meal progress and everything happens at the right time, with very little fuss.The pies are excellent, try the special-white (ricotta, pesto, sundried tomatoes), and the plate of meatballs as an appetizer. The food has been consistently better than most other pizza places in the area.The beer selection is good, with a couple options on the list for beer-snobs, and not unreasonably priced.
4	Love this place - always on the money, as good as any pizza I have had in Charlotte.  I love their pepperoni and sausage - superb and incredibly bad for you.
4	Very good pizza.  Wait time was a little long, but staff was friendly to me and my 4 year old so it was fine.
4	I've heard good things about this independent restaurant and was happily surprised with our visit today.  We were greeted by a smiling host and I noticed how clean of a restaurant it is even at 1pm on a Saturday.  Our waitress Lauren was very friendly and knowledgable to the menu.  Our "Crew" pizza was piping hot and full of flavor.  Service from start to finish spot on.  We were even told by multiple staff to enjoy our day upon exiting.  Overall a very enjoyable experience.  My only caveat is the parking; I never had liked the layout.
4	Since becoming pregnant all I can stomach on a regular basis is pizza and this place has been steady in the rotation. We almost always eat there and have always had good, friendly, efficient service. Have tried several of the apps and they are very good. Typically get a salad and small pizza and it always seems to hit the spot. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is b/c I was told they couldn't make a calzone without ricotta and that just seems strange to me and when this baby mom is not in the mood for ricotta- this simply will not do.
5	I absolutely love this place.  Delicious food every time.  The Tuscan Salad is one of my favorite dishes, and get the pesto pizza with pepperoni on it.  YUM!
4	Hawthorne's has several locations and what is great is the taste and quality is very consistent across them all from what I have seen and tasted.  It was during the week and I happen to be in the area and was craving their penne Ala vodka. So I called in an order to go.  It was ready in just 15 mins. Came with two slices of  fresh hot Italian bread. Um mm heaven.
3	Hawthorne's has several spots in the Queen City--but on my first visit to the Ballantyne location I was greeting with superb customer service, with the GM even sitting in my booth and asking if we were enjoying everything. I am a sucker for great customer service. Regarding the food, I sampled a few items from chili to sandwiches to pizza and everything was pretty good. Ironically one of my favorite dishes was a non pizza item..it was an italian sandwich. I think the patio is ripe for spring/summer nights and the bar (of which I indulged in a Tito's vodka lemonade) is great for game watching (if you're into that kind of thing) and tasty drinks.
4	Ive been here a few times to grab a quick bite and a few beers. Never disappointed! cant say ive had there pizza so ill review that at another time. love the chicken club! service is always good.  Saw a couple gentlemen next to me get wings and they looked delicious! Try the chilli cheese dip its good (the chips are thick not the cheap greasy thin crap)
3	I love the Ballantyne Hawthorne's and this store is on my way home from work, I thought I would give it a try.  This location, situated in a strip center at the corner of Quail Hollow and Carmel is easy enough to find, and get into and out of no matter which direction you'll go when leaving.  Parking was ample.  Arriving around 5:30 on a Friday evening, there were only a couple of other tables sat.  The staff, dressed all in black, was standing around in groups.  Both young men standing at the host stand had their backs to the door and I had to make myself known.  The restaurant is loud, just from the hum of business.  I then saw a gentleman with balloons strung around his waist making balloon creations.  You know what else carries balloons?  Clowns.  I hate clowns.  And while trying to enjoy my dinner, balloon squeaks and eventual pops was really not what I was looking forward to as a way to end my work week.  Tables that were sat after me got wait service before I did.  I was regretting my decision to not just head to the Ballantyne location.  Because of the lack of crumb snatchers in the restaurant, the balloon dude then made some for the stagnant wait staff. But the food would be great, right?  Yeah!The food:Mozzarella sticks ($6.95):  6 small sticks served with marinara.  Thick coating on the sticks that tasted a little bland, but you don't want to overpower the cheese.  Marinara was tasty.  Not worth $7, but fine.9" white pizza ($9):  I love white pizza and it is usually really good or really bad - this was good.  It hit the table smoking hot, cut into 4 pieces on a small pizza pan with a pizza serving spatula.  The crust was thin and crispy.  Diet Coke to drink (yay Coke products) and it was kept full by my quiet waiter.  I was too full for dessert, but it looked like there were some good choices.  I watch Hawthorne's Facebook page and they do a lot of work with the community and with kids eating free on Tuesdays and a balloon guy, they are definitely family friendly.  LOTS of people came in and out with takeout orders, so it stayed steady for business.  The food was a 4, the overall experience was a 3 though - I'll continue to support Hawthorne's and their great pizza at the Ballantyne location.
4	We stopped in for a quick munch & a couple beers.  We were greeted by Megan at the bar & she made our experience FANTASTIC!!!!  Very friendly, knowledgable & took great pride in the establishment and her work.  The chili queso is delicious and a variety of good beers.
4	We ate here last Saturday. It was a great time. The server was friendly, excited about his job and the restaurant. We ordered a large pepperoni and the sausage meatball onion mushroom pizza. It was great. Not the best pizza in town but good. The garlic knots was the winner at our table. They were huge and covered in garlic. Definitely the small order was plenty. The best part was Magic Barry. He is there ever Saturday night. At first we felt bad that we had no money to tip him but he graciously told us not to worry. That the restaurant pays him to be there every Saturday night. The kids loved him and he spent so much time doing magic tricks at our table. It was awesome. The girls can't wait to go back just for him... :-)
4	Not truly NY-style, but decent. This Hawthorne's location is sometimes better than  the Hawthorne/7th location -- the Carmel location sometimes has better pizza (crust not so hard and more generous cheese), and always have better parking.
4	Best pizza in Charlotte. Reminds me of New York, Boston style pizza. Nice huge slices. Took me 2 years to find a pizza place that deserves repeat business. I just wish they delivered. Staff is very down to earth.
4	Came here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon after hearing rave reviews. Nice space inside got a decent seat. Had a chicken and spinach calzone that was pretty good. Service was top notch here. Only thing negative I can say was that there were kids running all over the place, but it's all good. I was young once
3	Hawthorne's pizza was fairly decent, but *very* greasy (I think they used cheaper cheddar cheese mixed with the mozzarella).  Much more expensive than I'd expected!  Service was polite and timely, though.  I probably won't order from them again.
3	With all the other good pizza places nearby, I think I'll pass on Hawthorne's in the future.  The service was weird and we weren't overly impressed.  The anti-pasta salad was good for a starter.  I got a calzone for my meal and it was so flavorless.  I guess I should have added a topping or two to have some taste, but I am used to plain calzones being delicious.  It was a total waste of calories.  The people I went with got a specialty pizza that they weren't so thrilled about either.
4	Perfect ..... again.  Consistency counts and this place has it.  Love.
4	Pizza is amazing and their homemade balsamic dressing is the best in town! I like it for dipping my pizza crust as well on on a Tuscan salad.
1	Horrible horrible service! Waited 15 min for my soda. Not busy! I l left! No one bother to ask if I needed anything
4	Hawthrones was exactly what I needed after a day at the US White Water Center!The drinks were cheap and delicious, the garlic knots were AMAZING and the pizza was so tasty. I would have liked the pizza to have a little less grease but that's a personal preference and I will absolutely be back again!
5	Really good pizza and wings. The pizza was def a hit! I do recommend this place and they have a full size arcade inside. Great place to bring the kids or to simply sit down and have done drinks. The service us friendly.
4	This is my go-to place when I want yummy take-out and don't feel like cooking. Right around the corner, not too expensive, ready in minutes, huge portions, and deeeelicious. We always get their Ney Yorker pizza with pepperoni and an order of garlic knots (which are addictive to say the least!). My other favs include the Buffalo Chicken Tenders Salad and the Sausage, Peppers, and Onions Pasta in a creamy tomato sauce.
5	This is the real NY style pizza, we added ham and pineapple and it was just perfect, so delicious.  Very kid friendly.  The place was packed when we went and the wait was super short! Very fast service, very friendly servers.  We also had the mozzarella sticks, they were ok, we are sticking to the pizza, so perfect.
