4	This is wonderfully fun murder mystery dinner theater.  We stepped into a different world that night, as we spied many interesting characters such as C.D. Weasel, the director of the debuting silent film, host to all of the guests at his new mansion. Clara Simpleton, the sweet and demure girl next door. Edward Manly III, the swashbuckling lady killer.  Fanny Fanciful, the wild flapper, and Jewel Precious, transvestite personal assistant to famous silent film star, Louise Loveless.   This was interactive, so my date and i were given our own personal names and identities.  I was Demi Tasse, short film star, and my date was Jason Rainbows, songwriter.  essentially, all the people in the "audience", the guests, represented roles of people involved in the making of the silent film, directed by c.d. weasel, which would be debuting at the manor.  it would take me days to relate all of the cookiness that went on that night, but i will say that these were the craziest bunch of people i have ever met. no holds barred, they especially enjoyed using the "guests" for their own personal jokes.  at one point in the evening, there was a dancing contest, and half of the dancers were elderly men...some of the music selections were as follows: "i'm too sexy" and "stayin' alive."  Jewel Precious continually sauntered over to the table, to press her behemoth bosom into my date's face.  I have never heard so many puns and innuendos...in a two hour period.  the cast was so vivid, and we witnessed murder, cat fights, love scenes, spanking, and a gun fight.  of course, the action sequences were what one would expect from a troupe that relies more on personal wit, and flair for drama. the "5-course" meal consisted of a small cup of soup, a barren salad consisting of lettuce and a couple olives, chicken breast, rice, and a chocolate mousse for dessert.  it was alright. don't know if i would count that as a five course, as there were only four "courses" anyway.  sometimes, words are not enough spice to make a bad meal taste good. we had some great laughs, and were quite inebriated by the time we were through.  you have to get drunk to be a part of something like this. otherwise, you might wet your knickers from embarassment.  they will pull you up on their little stage, infront of everyone, and will make you do all sorts of silly and embarassing things... i strongly suggest you  go to the site just to take a peek at the characters of the show. especially, jewel precious. he/she was my favorite in the show. :)
4	Dramatic improvements!!!  They moved to a new location in downtown Phoenix and the food is SO MUCH BETTER!  The first dinner course consisted of a salad with tomatoes and balsamic vinaigrette, the second course is your choice from four entrees (salmon, bone in chicken, beef sirloin, or penne pasta with lots of veggies), dessert was a warm apple crisp.  Dinner is included with the $45 dinner-and-a-show, but beverages are a separate tab.  The wine menu was sparse, but come-on, the real reason you are there is for the entertainment.We took our daughter for her 14th birthday and it was a lot of fun.  They said the show was PG-13, so I was a little worried.  It was perfect though; she had a blast and so did we!  The actors interact with the audience and you really feel like a part of the show.  It was very funny, and the acting was surprisingly good!  I haven't seen my mom laugh so hard in years!  :o)  The whole family had fun and we look forward to returning to see one of the other shows that they offer.  http://www.MysteryMansion.com/
4	Very fun! The actors are genuine, and do a wonderful job of interacting with the audience. It's pretty cheesy, but you will still get some very good laughs. Unfortunately my party arrived a little late and we missed out on getting assigned a name and role. You definitely need to let your guard down and be able to laugh at yourself, they WILL bring you on stage and interact with you in very embarrassing ways, just have fun! The food is decent; chicken was dry and for a 3 course meal it is pretty light, but it is not terrible - pretty much what you would expect for catered food. HOWEVER, one big comment is that (possibly part owner) Tim, Englishman who answers the phone and is involved in payment, is very rude and needs a lesson in customer service. When I first called and reserved the table for 4 he asks for a credit card to reserve the table - this is pretty standard and we expected this. However when we got there he tried to have me put in all on the card, I had to explain several times that I did not want this. I also had a member of the party get food poisoning the day of the event and Tim said they had a 24 hour cancellation policy even though I told him 12 hours in advance that we would only be having three members. However the 24 hour cancellation policy isn't mentioned ANYWHERE, not on their website, and was not told when I first gave the card. This needs to be given. When I explained the situation he was rather rude and said "the food was prepared before the show," however I know this to be a lie. The event was only at 70% capacity, it wouldn't have any effect on them if they lost a single ticket. We ended up paying for 3, but it was a huge hassle.However I would go again, it was a unique night out!
5	I can honestly say this is the most I've laughed at a dinner theatre! The cast is witty and very funny! I have seen two of their shows now and always wish I had invited more friends. I'm so glad they have started shows on the west side too! My only discretion, if you're looking for a normal, conservative show, this may not be your best choice. It's more out of the box and the interactive but that's what I love about it!
1	My boyfriend and I recently went to this show and saw "Murder at the Vampire's Wedding." Although we felt the cast tried to make it fun, we really were not impressed. The actors often came out of character and when they were in character the show was very hokey and pretty lame. They tried to get the crowd involved but it came across as them trying too hard and most people did not seem very impressed - most acted involved to avoid being called out and made to do something even more ridiculous. Additionally, the food was really bad (we went to Cocos). We were counting the minutes until we could leave and will definitely not be returning.
5	We loved it! It was so entertaining and interactive. We never stopped laughing  and the food was delicious. I would recommend it if you love laughing and entertainment !
3	Went here last Saturday. The food was ok (chain restaurant), but the show was very entertaining. The ending really is a twist and the young lady who plays the female lead is gorgeous. It really was an entertaining show.
5	This was our first time to a interactive theatre event and it was a blast.  We have been to may theatre shows but to be so close and intimate with the actors was truly a great experience.  Our night had a great audience who were all into the event.  We all had upgraded food items and were good for a chain restaurant like coco's and added pleasantly to our experience.  We cannot wait to go again and will be inviting many more friends to join us.
3	Pretty entertaining, but as other people have mentioned, it's super corny. The director/owner of the production seemed very nice and helpful. My friend enjoyed the show a little bit more than me, but she's into that sort of thing. We were disappointed by the conclusion, it seemed a bit "unsophisticated". I know that sounds a little obnoxious, but it's true. The vegetarian food though, was lackluster---if I based the review on that alone, I'd give this place one star. I could only take a bite or two of the veggie burger, and I was done. The drinks were weak---my friends tried two of the "special" mixed drinks, and did not like them. The "Tipsy Gypsy" was okay. Be prepared to join in on the show.
4	Hello all you followers out there......This review is a long time coming... We have been to mystery manion 4 times and each time it is simply FABULOUS!Starting when you walk in and meet Kim who is super friendly and has a nice smile.They moved the stage to the center of the room which was a nice change since we were last there.The charachters in the show begin to greet you immediately and schmooze with you and you are not there 5 minutes before you are in stiches!There were 4 of us and another couple were seated with us and it was fun meeting new people.  We were all there for the same reason and that was to laugh.This show was "VAMPIRES WEDDING" and as in every show I have gone to see the star actor in my opinion is always the same... I apologize because I do not know his name but in this show he is the "gypsy".He is amazingly hilarious and I enjoy everything about him!However I have to give thumbs up to the entire cast as each one did a FANTASTIC job of entertaining us.I was surprised that tonights performance had a very small audience but we found it an almost "intimate" evening.By the time the show was over we all knew something about one another and people were milling around talking to eachother and taking pictures.The bar staff was also wonderful...thank you Phoebe!So now we know the show was fantastic but there is one thing they must do something about...and that is the food.  This place is connected to CoCo's restaurant...need I say more?I realize we pay $41.50 for the show but I do feel they should get rid of the food or bring in Mcdonalds or something...anything would be better than that food...and we thought the old location in the chinese restaurant was bad!Or do away with the food altogether and drop the price $10.00.Anyway....I am giving 4 stars and for me that puts this place in "elite" category..Get rid of the food or make a drastic change for the better and I will give you the 5 stars you so deserve!So, for now.... live each day as though it were you last and ENJOY!
4	Overall it's a different change of pace.  I've read a few reviews and people who complain about the food or the story are missing the point.The show depends on audience participation.  That makes it work or not work.  We had a good crowd of willing participants and people cheered others on.  Our "Big Daddy" character from the audience just killed it.  There was a dance scene with 5 or 6 guests on stage and one guy just took over the dancing and was funny as hell. If your show doesn't have a few people like that then the mood probably takes a pretty big dive.  The cast seems genuinely interested in what they are doing.
1	Sorry, but don't go here. Stop at a Wendy's (you will see mainly the same customers, and get much better food) and get tickets to a real play.Seriously a truck stop atmosphere, with truck stop humor. The actors were pretty cool and very nice, but the whole experience was very disappointing.This is a makeshift stage in a shut down half of a Cocos restaurant. Food is from Cocos also.Also, be prepared to be a little uncomfortable, and if they "pick" you to be a part of the show, be prepared to be embarrassed.
5	Plan to have a great time! Seriously, this is not a show for the "fly on the wall" type. You can hang out and just watch, but in large, the show is about the audience! The cast does a great job of developing characters from within the audience and they do a great job of going with the flow, their improvisation is key. I panned this evening as for a date and we both had a blast. We found ourselves to be the most outgoing people at our table, but by the end of the night...and after a few drinks, everyone was having a great time! I cannot wait for the next show!
3	I think the cast does a great job and they're funny, esp the maid and the villian lady. The food is nothing to brag home about, but you're really paying for entertainment. Also the plot or set up isn't elaborate-low budget, so it really depends on audience participation and the over-the-top performances that make it good. I think this is how most mystery dinner theatres are, I guess I was picturing something more elaborate like an actual mansion set up-that would be really fun. Yes like someone else mentioned there are extra costs beside ticket costs-just tips for the cast like $10 and tips for the server $5, so its a lil pricy for what u get with the ticket costs. It's more geared towards an older  people crowd and so it might not have been the best choice for my 30 year old fiance birthday-but he still liked it. Hard to impress him tho after going to see Vegas shows a month or so ago. Fun idea for an evening to do something different if you can afford it.
5	Not your typical dinner show...this one had more engagement and participation from the audience than I've ever experienced from a murder mystery dinner!  The food left something to be desired, but let's be honest, that's not why you go to these shoes (plus, it wasn't all that bad).  The actors served the dinner, and really made it a fun time.  But word of advice, if you get embarrassed easily, or don't like to participate in shows, this may not be the one for you...although they have a full bar so you may just need a drink or two to feel more comfortable and enjoy the show...it's worth it ;)
5	We had a blast! Definitely a good time had by all. We had a diverse group from older shy to young and outgoing and everyone enjoyed themselves! As for the negative reviews, the food isn't the best , but it's not terrible. I will admit that when I walked into a COCO's restaurant I was a little taken back, not what I expected at all. But the back room is just the right size for the stage and a smaller audience so that everyone feels included. Honestly by the time I sat down and started meeting the cast, I forgot that i was in a COCO's.  The show is hilarious, I was laughing so hard my cheeks hurt. Lots of audience participation and the actors are great! I recommend this show to everyone!
5	My wife and I went here last night and it was a fantastic time. We laughed throughout. The actors were very talented and they interacted with the crowd often. The food is made at Coco's diner so know that going in. It was good food. Basic ranch salad. Choice of entree. Angel food cake with strawberries and whipped cream. Service was above average. All in all it was a fantastic night. I would recommend this for a group or even a couple. You will get to know everyone at your table. We will be back.
