4	Grade: B-Let's get this one over with quickly. It's good. It's cheap. It's noodles for cryin out loud.
5	This noodles is, of course, like all the other ones, same standard style to the decorating, same food, same everything. There is one thing I would like to touch on about this particular location and that is; its location. It is in a great place near a lot of cool places in Fitchburg. Fitchburg isn't the biggest city in the world but we endure! My favorite thing is that it is right near a Great Dane Pub and it is in the same strip-mall area as a Starbucks so after a little dinner you can go grab a cup of coffee or a beer! The staff at this location are also always so nice and always have a lot of energy, they are quick with bringing food out and very respectful. That is a big part of a place's review, in my opinion.
4	This is one of the nicer Noodles and Co restaurants.  They have a nice open dining area, a pretty nice view and an ok balcony/patio area.  The patio is a little small.Our food is always excellent here.  The staff could be a little bit more friendly.  Sometimes I get cheerful and other times I get disinterest.   Give me some smiling faces and some new flavors and they could go to a 5.
1	I normally like Noodles.  It's a good go-to when you're in a hurry.  This is the WORST Noodles I have ever been to.  My husband and I got take out.  Our food was ready quickly, but they messed up our order.  The staff was very nice about fixing the mistake quickly.  The actual restaurant looked very nice, but the food left something to be desired.  I ordered a dish that I have enjoyed before at other Noodles locations.  The sauce lacked flavor, the vegetables were sparse and cut into large chunks, and the chicken was overly salty with the breading falling off.  I will definitely be finding a different Noodles location from now on.
4	What's to say? It's a noodles. Good, consistent pasta, pretty outdoor patio. And I would want nothing less.
3	I only come here with work friends for lunch.  It's NEVER on my list of choices but, that may just be my own personal tastes.  The food is fine but, nothing exciting to write home about.  Prices and portions are reasonable.  For myself, I'd rate it 2 stars because it's just not my thing.  To be fair, I'll do 3, it's an okay place for a lunch.
2	We've really become disappointed with the service here over the past year or so. People used to be pleasant, smile, greet promptly and were generally happy.   Something has changed and we just plain don't care to eat here anymore.The last time we went here, which was in the last month,  We were at the register ready to order. . .  ( Due to speedy response to my personal email to Noodles and Company I have deleted the details -see update)ps  we realize that everyone has a bad day from time to time but this sort of disinterested service here has been consistent for quite a while.  The food here has always been good though.  4 stars for food but not A-OK overall because of the service.
3	We received an apology from Noodles and Company in regard to our concerns with the service here.  I received the response the day after I sent it off on a Sunday no less.   How is that for customer service?  Great job.  We will now look for an improvement in their service.  I have upped them one star for their speedy response to our concerns.  Noodles also does a great job with their webpage and special offers.   Just take a look at their page sometime.   To us they are ahead of the game when it comes to being internet savvy.Anyway, in our opinion it is a great restaurant in contrast to similar venues and look forward to it to being even better in the future.
3	Came with a friend because she'd heard a lot about noodles&co from her roommate and wanted to try it out during her visit. (Apparently we don't have this on the West coast?)At 6PM on a Thursday, the restaurant looked like a kiddie park. Seriously. There were toddlers everywhere. Under tables. On top of tables. Wailing. Throwing food. Yikes. Next time I'm getting take out. Anyway, I was craving some pad thai, so while I was slightly skeptical about the Asian dishes at Noodles&Co, I decided to give it a try.  Five bucks and change for a bowl of pad thai was a pretty good deal!...but $2.95 for shrimp add-on?? smh. Sad to say that Noodle&Co's pad thai tasted better than some pad thais that I've had at "authentic" Thai restaurants.  The noodles were slightly undercooked and I had to use up a whole lemon's worth of lemon wedges from the beverage station to really get a nice kick of flavor, but at least now I know where I'll be getting my pad thai fix...when I'm desperate.
2	Noodles in general is awesome and a five star in my book. THIS particular Noodles location...not so much. The last three times I've been here it has taken forever to place my order (lots of staff milling around, but only one at the counter), the person taking the order is generally a snotty high schooler with zero customer service skills who seems irritated that I want to give her money, and my food order has been wrong. In one instance, upon returning to the counter to get my order fixed, I was asked to wait there while they fixed the order.
4	What can I say - Noodles and Company is always a favorite. It is a great go-to place that I know I can always count on for a good meal. They have great variety for a VERY affordable price. I can't believe I can get a nicely portioned delicious meal for only $5. I highly recommend the Pesto Cavatappi and the Mushroom Stroganoff (although now they've replaced it with a steak stroganoff, but they can still make the mushroom one if you ask).A downside of this particular location is the parking. It shares a very tiny parking lot with Starbucks and there are no close spots to the building. Often times the parking lot fills up and you have to park out on the street, which is a bit inconvenient.
2	I've generally only reserved visits to noodles when I am in a rush and have no left overs for lunch.  It is close to work, and can be a good place to people watch...it gets quite crazy at lunch time.This time, I came in a bit late, 12:30, and it was packed with a big lunch crowd, folks waiting for orders...TONS of kids running around...which is fine, free entertainment....so I expected to wait... a bit.  Not 1/2 hour!The line moved quickly enough...I ordered a small Japanese Noodles with Chicken and a drink.  Found a small open table in the corner and started to surf the internet while waiting for food....after 15 minutes, I realized my food still wasn't there, the place was clearing out...and the annoying bass from the speaker above my head was causing my heart to palpate...so I switched locations....Waited another 15 minutes...nothing....noticed people around me were getting food and they had arrived AFTER me.  When I asked at the front, the woman was quite frustrated and explained she had no idea where my order was and couldn't tell me, the computers were broken...I went back to my table and did finally receive my food after that...meh...for nearly $10?  really?  no, sorry.  I can do a lot better elsewhere....
3	It's noodles how can that be bad? Seriously there is something for almost everyone here.
2	Food is always good but with only half the tables occupied at 1:40 PM none of the empty tables were being cleaned. We, and right now the next 4 groups have had to clean their own tables.
