2	Summary judgment: you get to pay LA price for sub-LA quality.Only four years behind the times, Pittsburgh finally gets its own fakeberry when froyo is already beyond passe in LA. Sweet Berry tries hard to emulate Pinkberry's whimsical look and feel. The room sports a cheery green orange color scheme and Ikea-sleek cafe tables/chairs. Unfortunately, the emphasis should be on *tries*. The seats are uncomfortable and the tables are wobbly. The decor screams wannabes aping the popular girl's make up and getting it wrong.The yogurt itself is just ok. I had a sample of their honeydew flavor (NB: they charge $0.50 extra for it) but didn't find its weirdly sweet flavor appealing. So I got a small serving of the "original" flavor ($3) plus one topping for a total of $4. The topping is a total rip off. They charge $1 for the topping, and I got exactly 5 raspberries.  As a point of comparison, in LA, where food is taxable and the sales tax is nearly 10%, $5 will nonetheless get you a generous serving of swirled flavors (no extra cost for different flavors) plus two full scoops of fresh fruit toppings. Ultimately for me, Sweet Berry's nickle and dime pricing scheme was the deal breaker. I'd rather give my $4 to Dave & Andy.rating: 2.5 stars
3	As a diehard Red Mango fan, I've missed my frozen yogurt fix during my time in Pittsburgh.My visit to Sweet Berry only confirms, and in fact deepens, my love for Red Mango.  SB is clearly an imitator of RM, Pinkberry, and other trendy tart-froyo shops.  The basic idea is the same, but there's something lost in the execution.  The end product is just as cool and refreshing, but the actual yogurt is thinner and less tart than what I'm used to.  It's still better than TCBY, but with Dave and Andy's just up the street, you can't help but wonder if you just might be better off choosing the real thing.
2	I went there for frozen yogurt.  It is not self-served.   $3.99 for a medium bowl plus $1.99 for 3 toppings.  I have to say it is totally not worth it.  I did enjoy it and it did taste good but for the price and the "medium" bowl, I could have gotten twice as much at a place like Razzy Fresh which taste just as good if not better.  They do have smoothies in other flavors but I can't really comment on that.Dining area is nice and clean. But I think I'm going to pass.
4	Tasty and healthy frozen yogurt. Tastes a lot like ice cream but has much less sugar and fat. Only 90 calories for a small size. 16 kinds of fresh toppings you can add, such as berries, pineapple, and nuts. A little bit on the pricey side. A small size is $3 (this is about half size as a cold stone small size ice cream). One topping for $1. Three toppings for $1.99.
2	They offered original and honey dew.  Honey dew tasted right, but I felt like original.  I bought original with strawberries, taste is up to par.  It's not self serve and the price for a small was 2.99, one topping for 99 cents, 3 for $1.49.  Too expensive for what it is.  It's more expensive than Maryland / DC prices.  Probably worth going to a cheaper place as there are no real benefits for the price.
2	I will give them that the frozen yogurt is good - but for such a small serving, there is a woefully high price. It isn't self-serve, so you get what they hand you, and they'll nickel and dime you on toppings. I used to be forced to get my frozen yogurt fix here, but now that there's a Razzy Fresh on Craig Street, just go there instead.
2	There are better places out there. It doesn't offer half of the toppings that other places do and I think its somewhat over priced ( mainly because of the limited fixin's). The staff have always been friendly towards me and its never crowded (good for me, bad for business) so I can get in & out quickly.
