1	If I could leave no stars I would. What a horrible company from the experience to the way they treat you AFTER you have signed on the dotted line!! My mom and I paid cash to have our pools done. I could not get any cooperation as far as phone calls and advance notice on anything. I have kids and dogs and it was just not suitable to my everyday life to have random people show up whenever they pleased. They talk to you like they are doing you a grand favor and make you feel like you have just no idea what is going on or that you shouldn't. Sad that spending $50-$60k can't get you any kind of courtesy. I would NOT NOT NOT recommend this company!! This was for the one located off of Blue Diamond.
1	I have also had a horrible experience with Desert Springs Pools. We have had to explain the plans to every construction crew that has come to our house because the foreman in charge has given them all the wrong plans. What's the point of sitting down for an hour with the designer to revise the plans when they are going to just throw them away??Not to mention we had to call the company two-three times a day every day for two weeks to get the deposit of $2,000 they promised us for our HOA and GO FIGURE we ended up just paying it with our own money because they gave us the run around and I was SICK OF IT!!I do not and will not recommend this company to anyone. The actual guys who come out and do the work are very nice, very helpful, and do a great job. But the people in charge at the main office are RUDE, extremely RUDE (especially the lady at the front desk) and my husband and I have hated working with them.
1	Buyer beware! We paid approximately $65,000 for a Desert Springs pool, not to mention we also spent $18,000 for landscaping with them.  The $65,000 was for a 16 ft x 38 ft pool with a depth of 6 feet.  Unfortunately, that is not what we got and they have yet to remedy this situation for us.  The pool is 16 ft x 37'8" and the deepest point of the pool is only 5 feet deep.  We had an in-depth, face-to-face discussion with the salesman, Al McIntosh, about why we wanted a 6-foot deep pool.  The reason why this was so important to us is because my husband is 6'2" and he did not want to only be only chest deep in our pool in the deep end.  When we went over the contract with the salesman (he was on one side of the desk and we were on the other), he pointed to all the numbers on the contract and verbally said everything that we had wanted and discussed, including a depth of 6 feet.   He wrote a number for depth that they now are insisting is a 5, but does not look like a 5 and does not look like a 6 either (it could be either a 5 or 6).   I didn't realize that I needed to put on my reading glasses and question the number that he wrote down when he was verbally stating exactly what we discussed and what we wanted for our pool.When I called Al McIntosh on the phone, I said to him that I sincerely hope that he was not going to lie and say that we did not spend a considerable amount of time on the importance of the 6-foot depth.  Of course, he did lie and just kept repeating to me that he "could not recall".We were also just told to read the back of our contract and that 3-5" is an acceptable margin of error for the length or width of the pool.  Naturally, of course, it is not 4 inches over, but it is 4 inches short!Additionally, they are now trying to extort an additional $3,000 from us even though we are paid in full and have all of our documentation that we are paid in full!  I have asked for a specific list of everything that we paid for and they have REFUSED to send it to me.  They just keep sending a 4-line spreadsheet and say we have any outstanding balance due to their accounting error, but it is not their policy to send a detailed statement of each cost.  Also, the first time we sat down with the salesman, we made it clear that we only had an 8-foot wide gate to the back yard and that we had 2 air-conditioning units on that side of the house.  He wrote up the contract based on this and then a week (or so) later, he said "oops, we need to charge you an additional $1500 for your dig because our big equipment won't fit."  We were very, very unhappy about this to say the least and they said that they would give us a bargain and only charge us an additional $500.00. We also talked to 2 other homeowners in our neighborhood that used Desert Springs (unfortunately, not before we contracted with Desert Springs) and they would also never recommend Desert Springs to anyone.  And finally, they were unable to get our $600 pool remote and pool heater to work and it was over a month and several visits to our home by several different people before things would work.  They also screwed up the installation of our salt system and it leaked like a sieve!  Again, it was quite a while before they managed to get it fixed.  Naturally, nothing worked when we had family come all the way from Ohio (and California) because it took them so long to fix their screw-ups.  There are other reputable pool builders in town and we really regret that we did not choose a different builder!
5	The guys that we have worked with have been nothing but professional. Its such a large expense to put in a pool and they certainly have made it easy for our family. Paul spent a ton of time at our house and created several different revisions to match our desires and budget. Paul the foreman was ALWAYS available to help me with any questions. He also came out regularly to make sure things were going well including prepping for the freeze. Brandon in the office was always helpful and addressed ever issue in a timely manner. The pool in complete and looks great!!! Thank you Desert Springs Pools
5	Great experience from start to finish and beyond!  Kudos especially to Dan who supervised the project and Teri in construction!
1	I  love the salesperson that helped us mike. But, the company is horrible. I feel like I'm getting the run around.  Last Friday they told me the inspector was coming and today we called and they told us someone was coming over to check if the inspector was. Here. Isn't it easier to contact the inspector. I wish I could cancel my contract and go with another company. The follow up is horrible.
1	This is the worst company ever. They have managed to make a wonderful experience a nightmare. No follow up. We call they say" oh we will get back to you" we promise. Customer service is lacking big time. I have a pile of dirt in front of my garage for a month. They keep telling us someone is coming to pick it up. I know a friend of mine who has gotten an estimate and has not signed yet. I hope I can talk her out of using this company.
1	Rude unprofessional and tried to over charge me... Do yourself a favor use someone else...
1	Horrible customer service and support.  They keep promising to fix issues with the pool and never return.  Of course, they still try charging monthly service contract.  Ridiculous.
1	Our pool isn't even 4 years old yet & we were told we need all new plaster!  Of course this is after both valves on the pumps went bad and had to be replaced in the first year.  But hey, its only $4400!!   The re barb & ties keep poking through, talk about shotty work.  And I agree with the other bad reviews, trying to get them to come out to fix their crappy work is like trying to part the sea.  Shame on you Desert Springs!
