5	Beautiful building and a real Phoenix treasure. I've been going to their gift shop for years, even when it was still located at Dunlap/I-17. Lots of gifts and memorabilia from Ireland as well as the various countries of the UK. The main owner/organizer is very nice and seems to have dedicated his life to bringing the Irish history of Arizona to the people.Went in today to have a gander at the tea selection and two older Irish gentleman were working. It was great to listen to some stories and some Irish language while looking around the shop. Only wish more people cared about this place so that it could grow a bit more.
5	What a beautiful addition to the downtown area.  The architecture and stonework make this one of the nicest buildings in the downtown area.
4	What a treasure! It's hidden behind downtown skyscrapers so you would never imagine it existed. The contra dancing once a month is a ton of fun and it's done to eclectic live music that sounds like a cross between Irish folk music and hillbilly blue grass. The wood dance floor can get crowded and in the summer the air conditioning doesn't get the job done for the people who do this very aerobic dance. If a/c was better I would give it a 5 star.Parking is easy and seems to be very safe.
5	Oh, this is so much more than a dance education center!  It truly is a wonderful cultural center where you can learn the history of Ireland and its people.  The McClelland Irish Library, part of the Irish Cultural Center, opened in October of 2012 after 5 years of planning. Within the Library is a Genealogy Centre where you can trace your Irish roots, or your Irish-Scots roots, or of any of the other peoples who came to Ireland and settled. www.azirishlibrary.orgPrograms, classes, festivals and exhibitions are offered on a regular basis at the Irish Cultural Center.  Check www.azirish.org for dates, times and details on all the offered services and upcoming events.If you do nothing else, tour the buildings and grounds. It appears to be a small stone building from Central, but when you park and walk through the iron gates you will find you have entered a large complex and another world.Plenty of parking is behind the center.
4	We had out of town visitors - folks with Ireland in their blood - so, of course, one of our stops was the Phoenix Irish Cultural Center.  We stopped in the day before Easter to find we were just in time for their special annual presentation commemorating the 1916 Easter Rebellion. It was a multimedia presentation - film, history and live music.  Not your typical pub laments, but "them are fighting songs" from the souls of  the men and women who fought to gain their freedom during a rocky time in their history. Songs all the way from "The Croppy Boy" to "Whack fol a Diddle." Songs that bring tears to your eyes and a tug at your heart.Irish beer & whiskey, plus traditional Irish soda bread, were served during the intermission.If you have Ireland in your heart, Irish blood in your veins, or local friends who are part of the Valley of the Sun Irish roots community, you won't want to miss this Irish Cultural Center historical event next year. Make plans. Put it on your calendar.
