4	I'm apparently giving all my thrift store reviews 4 stars - they all have their strengths and weaknesses...This Salvation Army location I think has the lowest quality clothes, but they have lots of it, so if you're patient you can find a gem.  However, they have a full furniture section, and even a mini-antique mall (the definition of "antique" is always up for debate, but be your own judge).  This is the place to go for board games, kitchen items, and furniture.  Their kitchen selection is plentiful (differing drastically from my Goodwill experiences), and if you're looking for records or quirky used electronics, maybe you'll find your dream $10 turntable here...
4	The store looks dingy and not as well kept as Savers, but they do have some hidden gems in here. I was looking for some items for my costume and was able to pick up a vital item for $3. It is a win when you can find Express Jeans for less than $5. Although it is more difficult to maneuver around the aisles, there are some great finds.
4	I had no idea this place was here until I ended up going too far on Stephanie and had to U-turn -- I 'm glad I found it!  It is much larger than the Goodwill Superstore across the street, and all the merch is in clean, good condition.  Their clothing is washed and almost seems pressed, and there are plenty of Bric-A-Brac and kitchen items in-package still and in neat rows on stands and walls.  There's even a little section for collectables and china if you're looking for some of that. A nice thrift gem out on the East end of Warm Springs!
5	WOW. This is the FIRST place in Vegas and Henderson, that I have ever come across any vintage finds with GREAT prices, I was ecstatic! The store was well organized, the staff was super friendly and helpful.Finds: 70s/80s romper ($7), 50s style skirt ($1), 50s style skirt ($4), 80s dress ($4), Catherine Malandrino dress ($4), and a 70s blouse ($1)-- AHH, I just about lost my MIND! LOVE IT. Another thing that I love about the Salvation Army is that after a certain amount of time, different colored tags are discounted. I'm not exactly sure how it works, but  the day I went, the white tags were 50% off and the blue tags were 75%!!!!!!!!! Gees, can it get any better?!Another thing that I love about the SA, after a certain amount of time that items are on the racks, if they haven't been sold, they send them out to either third world countries or recycle the fabric, so the items never get thrown out!This location is my "I feel like spoiling myself" spot lol. Love it.
4	Really reasonable pricing. They understand that a charity hrift shop is about moving merchandise quickly since there's an almost endless supply of donations coming in. No $12 "designer" old navy jeans like at goodwill across the street. I was moving so called the donation # for a home pick up since goodwill's peeps are useless. They scheduled a pick up a couple days out, gave me a time frame but you don't have to be there for pick up. You're supposed to give them an exact #of bags and boxes and they'll only pick up what you've told them, but I left a clearly marked pile on the patio and they took everything.
4	This place is so much fun. The staff are really nice and helpful. I love going through the racks here, they don't pull any funny stuff here as far I know like other places. Great prices intended to help people, no overpriced junk like some other places. They do have a boutique section for collectors out there, lots of vtg and goodies from dishes to gowns. Worth a stop, bring your spending money. They offer a military and senior discounts too.
2	Blah. This place recently had a car back into it. It was the karma gods at work telling this business that they needed to fix some things. And since they were stalling they caused someone to try and put their own drive through in. Thankfully nobody got seriously hurt in that ordeal but now maybe they'll clean this place up. When I went in I was not impressed by the pricing, selection,or the floor layout. Compared to other thrift stores in Vegas / Hendertucky you can typically find better, more interesting stuff at lower cost by walking out the front door. This is a shame as the Salvation Army is one group I don't mind supporting. But this store does not really do them justice. Steer clear, heck even Savers beats this place and I think Savers sucks.
2	This place is pretty dingy.  Sure, you might find a decent brand here or there, but it's not worth digging through the racks of absolute CRAP to find it.  When it comes to clothes and shoes, I prefer Savers.  I don't like Savers, so that should tell you something.  The worst of it is the shoes - oh my goodness.  Some of the pairs they have don't even really constitute SHOES anymore... missing soles and heels, lace-up shoes without tongues... I've seen it all.Plus one for the furniture.  I would say that about 30% of the furniture in my current apartment is from this Salvation Army (mostly tables, a desk, and our headboard and footboard).  The prices are usually fair and they have some interesting things from time to time.  Unless I'm looking for something specific, though, I usually don't bother.
3	I hate Wednesdays! Parking lot gets full!This place is a hit or miss. Rarely find something but if you do...it's like gold or that ONE amazing item. I'd spend my day or at least 30 minutes just stumbling through vintage or old stuff.Bring cash, I don't know if they take cards. Busy during early in the day, less busy around 4 or 5 pm.Check out the boutique section!
4	This Salvation Army is the best one I've been to. I've never found clothes or purses here (I usually don't at thrift stores anyway), but I've found jewelry, plate ware, and other miscellaneous items at extremely decent prices. They frequently have certain color-tagged items for 1/2 or even 75% off, which makes some items come out to under a dollar. There is a separate area attached called "Sally's Boutique" which contains the higher-end items. I will post pictures of my finds here since I am a hardcore thrifter. The brunette woman working in the jewelry section is the best! Super friendly and great with customers. I highly recommend this place if you like thrifting.
4	Right a thrift shop... Well to be honest this is a great place to find props for photography! I know right?Large, pretty clean (it is a thrift shop).. I'm gonna pop some tags!I do like to shop here for brand new tee shirts (tags still on) and cut them up into designer tee shirts (ok, it's just a thing I do)..  Some fantastic vintage crystal dish ware, china sets, cool little nick knacks, and a lot of stuff you remember your Grandmother had in her house.Not for everyone, but it is fun to go see all the things we toss out. One mans trash I suppose...
3	A poor excuse for a charity thrift store. People come here because they dont have money for new stuff. Why should they pay as much for used as they pay for new? On the plus side the staff is very friendly. So middle of the road three stars it is.
2	I absolutely *used* to love this place. It had such a large and eclectic selection for super low prices compared to every other thrift store around, but since their renovation several months ago, prices have been seriously jacked up ($1 T-Shirts are now priced at $4.99! $7 Golden Girls throwbacks are now $14! ~ Blanche? Something is amiss...~) and all the merchandise looks like bland, generic stuff you can get at the dollar store or a yard sale for cheaper. This place used to be my thrift store go-to, but at these prices and the change in the type of merch they place on the floor, it's only "meh" now.  I guess I'll have to get my second hand fix at the Goodwill on Eastern - and deal with that parking nightmare... Gah!
2	This place is what it is.. large selection of obviously use items. You'd thibk they would at least give the shelves a dust off every once in a while. Large selection of furniture, that's mainly what I was looking at, but of you want to sell a coffee table for $50 at least try and clean it and touch up the corners that have scratches, cuz I'm sure I could find something brand new on craigslist or online for same price or a little more.This is my first time in here but they had a calendar on the front door saying different discounts for the week and Tuesday happened to be today for military,student,employees and a couple other things (but can't remember). The discount I believe each day was 25% off.
1	I would much rather give this place zero stars. I scheduled a pick up and they sent me a window when they would be there and no one showed up. However I got a call saying he's running. A few Minutes behind I can understand. Here I am not calling customer service talked to 3 diff people aside from the guy Jason who called me the last guy then told me that the driver just went back to the warehouse then left and the best the could schedule me for was 2 weeks from now. Annoying. Never going to them again now that I sat at an empty apartment and wasted 7 hours of my day waiting for them.
5	This is a large store with lots of clothes and furniture.  I always seem to find some little bargain when I am here.  I found a genuine leather coat on sale for $12.00!!!  They have different sales everyday, from 25% up to 50% off.  Ask for a printed schedule which they hand out free.  Parking is very easy,. lots of it and the staff is always very friendly!!
