4	This is where my current boyfriend took me on our first date. Now, I will say that if I was the same woman then that I am now, he would:1. NEVER have had the opportunity to get in, near, or about my pants2. have been slapped mercilessly3. been the receiving end of many, many disparaging pieces of gossip (true and otherwise) via myspace as well as been the victim of prosecutable slander.BUT, since all of 2 years has turned me into a sensitive little WASPy, corporate, salsa-making, bottle-recycling cupcake, I will review this like I felt that very first date:"It's stinky, it's divey, it's cheap, and I don't know a goddamn person here. I LOVE THIS PLACE."
4	It's a neighborhood dive bar. Cash only.  Despite its location, if you are looking for some hipster joint, this ain't it.However, I have spent many nights in here for one reason only: Aurora.  If you ever frequented Newman's before it closed, this is the same bartender, the one with the bell and the Macho Man tip jar.  She is the best bartender of all time as long as you are respectful toward her.  And, she makes great drinks.They have 2 pool tables, but usually one is out of order.  And they just got a fancy-schmancy jukebox.  The bathrooms are small, one toilet rooms, but it's more than enough to serve the crowd.
3	We were over at The Rock, watching the parade of humanity entering and exiting the Rite Inn. Curious and restless, we scampered across the street to check it out. Only to scamper right back, to use the ATM at the Rock, since it's cash only over there.Risking life and limb once more, we finally arrived at the windowless caverns for drinking and shenanigans. It contained a random, yet friendly crowd. But when you're a happy drunk, everyone's your friend.We only stayed long enough for a couple shots of Cazadores, and half a game of pool, with an eyeless, stuffed calico cat jammed down the front of my jeans.
4	This place is dark, divey, cash only, and most importantly walking distance from my house.  The drinks are cheap, and well made,  I agree with the posts about Aurora, shes the lady, but all of the bartenders I've met so far are great.There are hand written signs all over the bar, there pool, tiny bathrooms, and when I'm hungry I can walk over to fry bread house and grab a bite to bring back with me.And there a juke box.  I'm a sucker for a juke box.
4	Let's see, $3.50 Absolut ($5.50 Grey Goose)....SOLD!!!! This is a little gem of a dive bar where you can get your drink on HELLA cheap! I think the most expensive drink is the top shelf tequila for $6. The crowd is a mismash of old timers and interesting locals.I had a great time with some of my fellow yelpers as we were nearly intimidated into playing pool while another patron decided he wanted to kick my ass. The jury is still out on why, but it was fun speculating. One of my favorite drinking scenarios is when I enter a bar with $20 and leave wasted with some change left. The Rite Inn delivered!
1	Place has not been cleaned since 1972. Decore from the same era. Full of drunken slobs. Smells terrible.
