5	I have to say that this is currently my favorite restaurant in Montreal. It has exceptional food, it's a small restaurant that seems to be family owned and operated with special attention to every detail. The food, is of the highest quality but priced very reasonably. Ambience is great as well. Highly recommended.
5	I went a third time to this restaurant with friends from out of town and was so happy! I love it here! MUST GO! for everyone. Highly underrated!I had the duck magret with cranberry sauce, it was exceptional!
4	I had the pleasure dining here for lunch earlier this week. I can't comment on price, because the meal was included as part of a day of training held nearby and included in the class fees. It was pretty amazing for a training lunch and fun to get out and move a bit partway through the day.We were started out with a creamy green veggie soup. Nothing spectacular or out of the ordinary, but very much delicious.  We were given three choices for mains: I choose the salmon. it came very well presented: the salmon was sitting atop a nice assortment of veggies, mostly zucchini and broccoli, and a creamy sauce was swirled around the plate. Once again, not exciting, but delicious. For dessert we were given a moist cake studded with raisins. All in all, good food, very much like what I would prepare at home, but with a much nicer presentation. I would love to go back on another occasion to try some different dishes.
4	Excellent service --- the gentleman who greeted us when we walked in and explained the menu to us was extremely enthusiastic and loved what he was doing.  Service was attentive; no complaints.  The atmosphere was relaxed, great vibe.  Good wine.We ordered:lamb shank: this was the favorite: Very tender, the meat melts in your mouth in a "can i have more please?" wayduck margaret with cranberry sauce: very tasty, very goodveal and pasta: reminded me a little of stroganof, also very good but hard to match up against the lamb shanksteak and french fries: also goodThe soup was zucchini soup which was fine.  Pepper gives it added flavor, but it comes with a light spice on its own.The salad was good, sprinkled with a light vinegrette; preferred it over the soup.All in all a great experience.
5	Update time! I recently returned for a loved one's birthday and we will definitely be returning!I was very much impressed with the service. The hosts were friendly and casual yet professional. The menu was explained to us, the wine was brought, and we were given lots of time to discuss. The food! Fancy yet homey. I had the hanger steak with blue cheese sauce and it was fantastic! Small pieces of steak bathed in a mild blue cheese sauce with a bowl of fries. The other stand out meal was the fish of the day, on that day cod in a mild curry sauce with a mix of veggies. The duck breast was nothing out of the ordinary, but deliciously tender nonetheless. Pleun Sud has a nice selection of private import wine, at reasonable prices. We ordered both a white and a red, and were very satisfied with both. Eating at Pkein Sud is a great experience. If you want to go out for a fun special occasion dinner, with delicious French food without the formalness and pretentiousness occasionally found in French restaurants, this is the place.
4	A hesitant 4 stars.  A very nice place with lots of potential.  Not busy when I was there for mid-week dinner.  Family run it seems.  I hesitate to give this 4 stars because I kind of felt that the entree was just not 'great'.  Good simple food but the jus tasted canned and the frites were okay only.  Service was great.  Would go back again.  Maybe not tomorrow though.
5	Great restaurant! The staff is really nice and the ambiance as well! The meals are very generous, so be sure you'll like what you order. Everything was delicious when we went and we'll obviously go back.
