3	Decent place to call home...  The units are clean and updated, although the carpet is very cheap in quality and needs to be cleaned professionally about 4x's/year at about 50-60bux a whack!  (AND, I DON'T HAVE ANY PETS)The grounds are ego friendly (ALL ROCK, NO GREENERY) and pleasant to look at from a far, the upkeep could be better, hallways outside getting to your apartment are usually messy, needs weekly cleaning, trash could be picked up more often & the leasing office could get more involved with their residents - NO community like feel...  The pool and jacuzzi are nice.The gym is close to adequate - it could use some free-weights.The leasing office team are friendly and pretty responsive.The website needs to be completed so you can make your rent payments on line through the Cabrillo's site, the feature is there but not enabled as of yet.  The key code to get into the gated property should be individually assigned to each resident, as opposed to being the main address to the apartments and posted as well as lit right in front of your face when your approach the kiosk.The garage rentals are affordable but very narrow!  They cost 100/month (average in cost) and they are pretty deep, probably 20' of so, but only about 7' wide. OVERALL AFFORDABILITY & LIVABILITY = C+*what got me to choose the Cabrillo was that the first 2 months were free at time of lease (i think they are still running 1st month free) its location is pretty convenient to everything, the unit was clean and updated...  Otherwise, I would have been much happier saving a little more cash so I could have moved into a house rental or townhouse rental in Summerlin or surrounding area*
5	I loved Cabrillo. it was cheap to live there! but amazing. decent apartments and quiet!
1	I've lived here for almost 15months. Below is a honest review of Cabrillo Apartments:PROS: Convenience. Location is nice and clean. Close by to I-215 beltway, grocery store (Vons, Albertsons, Glaciers, Wal-Mart), and much of everything else is nearby. Strip of about 15mins away.CONS: LOUD - Not necessary the most quietest of places because it's under the flight path. Walls are thin. If you live in a corner unit, be prepare to pay A LOT for utilities. Doesn't seem like there are any insulation if any. You can hear your neighbors next door and downstairs. Units are cheaply built. Only nice equipment is the granite countertop. Everything else in the unit is cheap. Carpet is terrible, bathroom and shower is decent. One of the most ANNOYING thing is the damn A/C -HEATER UNIT. IT'S THE LOUDEST MOTHERFUNKER ON THE MARKET. Whenever the unit is on, you cannot have a normal conversation. I feel bad for the people living on the ground floor, especially the ones with 2-3 units in front of their bedroom windows. OFFICE staff are flat out LIARS. Remember to get everything in writing.Final note - Remember that if you refer someone to this place, you get $250, what office staff failed to mention is they need to live in the unit for 30 days before you receive the credit on your rent. For example, if they moved in July 25, you will not get credit until August 26. That $250 rental credit will show up until you receive October's rent statement. If you moved out at the end September, then you're S.O.L. No referral credit for you because the complex sends out the monthly bill 15 days prior to the due date, meaning you'll get September rent bill August 16th.
1	Update: The roaches just keep on coming. I was told that I couldn't switch units because I would take them with me (even though the pest guy said it was not that type of roach and they were coming in from outside, NOT because of me), and I was also told I was "picky" for complaining about finding roaches in my apt. Also, the HVAC system is so loud, I have to raise the volume on the TV just to hear over it, and this place is directly in the noise path of every plane that takes off from McCarran. For everyone that says this place is 'quiet,' I'd get your hearing checked.On a positive note, the pool is decent and the maintenance guys are nice....
1	I just moved out of here and I am SO happy. This place was the worst sh*t hole I have ever lived in, hands down. I went back after the move to get some small items I left behind and when I walked in, saw at least 8 huge roaches on the kitchen floor and in the living room (nothing new, but they're usually not in the open like that. Guess they waited until we were gone to really come out and party!)To summarize - roaches, dirty worn carpet, really thin walls, office staff doesn't care about your maintenance issues, pretty sure based on the residents that they are popular with the Section 8 crowd. The only positive is that they let you buy out your lease, an option I took as soon as I was able to.
2	Thank you to the guy who commented about the carpet. I just moved out 12 days ago, and today I got a bill for over $1300.00 for "new carpet" and keys... um, excuse me but 1. I didn't get new carpet when I moved in 2. Stains started to appear after the first few days of living there (which will happen if the carpets have been cleaned) the soil will lift once the carpet is fully dry. 3. Not once in 15months of me living there did I receive any carpet cleaning from management. So let me get this straight, I get moved into an apartment that has old carpet with seams that were very visible where they did a shotty patch job, yet when I move out I'm charged for new carpet?? Lets not even start with the ghetto people they let move in who were smoking weed, and drinking at the pool while a new born was in the heat covered in blankets with nobody attending her *yes, I called the cops. Plus the constant smell of weed my grandparents noticed while visiting *how embarrassing! Plus you have idiots coming in at all hours of the night bumping their system with no courtesy for their neighbors who might have to get up early the next day. THEN you have the bug problem as well... if you don't like those nasty roach looking things, don't live on the first floor. They will find their way in!! I'm a clean freak and they still came in from the patio and into my bathrooms. Disgusting! Plus if you are even a day late paying for your car tags, they allow a tow truck company to come in and put notices on your car. I had to wait for my check engine light to turn off before I could pass smog, then get my tags done and sure enough there was a notice stuck on my window *which is a pain in the ass to get off btw! The floors are super thin as well, I could hear EVERYTHING my neighbors did. Supposedly there are cameras on the premise, highly doubt they are keeping anyone safe. They will not get any money from me for the carpet, and I will go to small claims court since I took pics of my apt. The night before I moved out (just in case they pulled some crap like this). Look elsewhere people!!
