4	I don't know about you, but a move is not complete without pizza delivered. Recently I moved and just didn't have the energy to make anything to eat or go anywhere. I remembered getting Jet's Pizza coupons in the mail and decided to give them a try.They do a fast delivery! I got a basic special: pizza, breadsticks, and wings. It was all so good...greasy like crazy, but delicious! They have a great price point, deliver, and make my taste buds happy, what more can I say?
4	Well, as of today my epic search for true Chicago deep dish pizza continues, but Jet's does offer a tasty, um, deep-ish dish pizza!I called Jet's a few days ago as a little yelpy birdy told me that they have deep dish pizza. This was confirmed by a nice Jet's employee and I therefore raced to their website to get a good look. Well, it is deep dish pizza, but it's not Chicago deep dish (buttery crust, piles of cheese, sauce on top). And that's ok...I tried Jet's deep dish anyway! Note - there is no seating in Jet's, it's delivery or carry out only. Hubs picked it up (but they deliver too) and it was pretty damn delicious. Thick 'za (1.5" or so) topped with tasty, melty cheese and loads of fresh veggies. The deep dish wasn't too greasy IMO, but then again maybe the grease soaked into the buttery crust. I believe hubs paid $10.99 + one topping for a large (ten squares). While it wasn't ridiculously expensive the large isn't *that* large. I'll definitely order from Jet's again when I get a hankering for fluffy pizza. Mmm.
4	Do you like excessive amounts of cheese? Do you like to receive food faster than you could ever imagine possible? Do you like things that are awesome? Then you will love Jet's!Jet's pizza is delish through and through. The crust is chewy and soft and there is probably about 7 pounds of mozzarella on each pizza. I agree with Faith's previous review that it is "greasy like crazy", but I'm pretty sure that's what makes it so darn good! The Jet's bread is mighty good also. Tons of cheese, same chewy crust and some delicious seasoning that puts it over the edge. My favorite thing over all though is probably the crispy, crusty cheese on the edges of the pizza. It is awesome. And as if delicious pizza wasn't enough, they deliver SO FAST. Call on a Friday night and it's there in 30 minutes. Crazy. The prices are also very reasonable for the level of awesomeness. Overall, Jet's is a delight.
1	I read the reviews and decided to give it a try. First off, i am from NY, so i prefer thin crust, although i have been to chicago many times and enjoy the thick crust once in a while. Next time i get the craving, i am headed to Chicago because this pizza pretty much sucked. I was completely unimpressed by their overly-greasy crust. I will admit though it is a step up from Fuel... Which isn't saying much. If you like quality pizza, please don't waste your money here.
5	My favorite all-time pizza has been from Ledo's Pizza.  It isn't that its great pizza but its what I grew up with.  While I've had other places, nothing else has ever left me wanting pizza more than Ledo's.  Well, Ledo's has been replaced by Jet's Pizza.  Wanting something new, I wandered into Jets two weeks ago and placed an order for a 8 slice pizza with sausage, green peppers, pepperoni, and mushrooms.  It's takeout only so I waited, watched sports center played on my phone until my order was ready.  When the guy behind the counter handed me my order, I was shocked by the sheer weight of the pizza.  I took it back to my office where my colleagues tracked me down as soon as they saw the box "JET'S PIZZA!!! CAN I HAVE SOME?!?"  They knew what I was yet to discover.  The dough is amazing.  It crisps on the bottom and sides forming the perfect base for a rich tomato sauce, the gooiest mozzarella you'll find anywhere.  If there was a pizza heaven, I was there at first bite.  Really puts those round discs of trash into perspective.  I only had two slices before my colleagues at the entire pizza.  Went back on Friday for the same order, snuck in the side door to my office and enjoyed Jets again.  Very Very Very good.  This time, I had leftovers so I came home to see what it would taste like reheated.  385 in the oven for 11 minutes and its nearly as good as when first fresh.  That's awesome!I'm an evangelist of Jets!
4	I had a deep dish pepperoni the other night.Lots of gooey cheese and pepperoni. It was great!I think ill order another one NOW!
4	I was recommended to try this location from fellow yelpers.Unless I was missing something, I believe this is Take-Out only.Overall experience wasn't too bad...I'm a tough critic when it comes to pizza, so its hard to win me over.I played it safe with my order for 2 and ordered a combination of things.Medium italian Sausage PizzaTurbo StixBoneless Honey-BBQ WingsPizza was okay, good thickness to it, I like a lot of sauce on my pizza so I would be ordering extra if I go back...very little sauce...not too thin and I suppose I would give it a B / B-Turbo Stix were phenomonal...excellent choice.  Its like breadsticks on steroids!The boneless wings were just your normal wings, pretty hard to mess those up I suppose.Service was your typical $10/hour service, what else to expect with take out though right?
4	Oh Boy...went back to Jet's to try something different.I have to say, the 8 Corner Pizza is very good...this is a must...still not Chicago, but its thick and very tasty.....Great recovery Jet's!!!
4	Pizza was great! Square deepdish, not Chicago style but different and good. Service was really bad. They were nice, but it took an hour when it was supposed to take 15 min. The first time we went in they couldn't find our online order, then they said come back in 15min, we did, and then they said come back in 10 min. Frustrating, but maybe a fluke, we'll try again because we like the pizza so much. $14.
4	Do you ever suffer from pizza indifference?  You crave pizza, yet have already run thorough the obvious options, and don't really care what you choose, as long as it's dough with tomato sauce and cheese?  We just happened to be a stone throw's away, and this is how my husband and I ended up picking up a deep dish rectangle pie from Jet's. Perhaps this review is a bit premature since I haven't tried their thin or hand tossed crusts, but I feel eating a good 6 pieces of this doughy, crispy pizza and becoming a full-fledged bloat-dette for the evening, I am fully qualified to write a review. The key to Jet's is to get the pizza piping hot.  We got outs straight out of the oven, the cheese was practically bubbling when we got it.  The crust is super crunchy on the outside with a nice amount of grease, then doughy (but fully cooked) on the inside. Not too much sauce, but lots of cheese, sprinkled to the edges, and baked to an even crispier bonus cheese crisp. Overall, this is like an amped-up version of a Pizza Hut pizza.  Let's make no qualms about it.  It's a chain, it's efficient, and I though pretty cheap.  Would have liked a little more sauce, or maybe more spice in the sauce, but overall, I can't complain.  Carb lovers unite!TIP: There are PLEN-T of coupons out there, or if you don't have one, just ask the cashier if they can apply a special for you.
4	I actually found out about Jet's when I was commiserating with some guys while we were all waiting (and waiting.. and waiting) for our pizza from another restaurant. I had never heard of it before (I don't live in the area) so I decided to give it a shot. We had a hand-tossed pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and mushrooms, and it was great. If any complaint, the sauce was a tiny bit bland, but I'm not a huge fan of heavy tomato sauces so that's almost a plus in my book (my husband was the one who views it negatively). The pizza was also ready quickly and it came out HOT. I know where I'm going next time I want takeaway pizza in this area .
1	I ordered a pizza and wings from this place today.  BIG mistake.I got a medium pepperoni and sausage pizza and an order of hot buffalo wings.  There was NOTHING good about any of it:1.  Service - it took ONE HOUR for the flunkie to show up at my door.  I called them after 50 minutes, and the girl just said "he's on the way, and that's all I can tell you".  She initially told me 35-40 minutes.  Then, the flunkie called me, lost, from within my neighborhood.  If this were 1986 and there were no cell phones of GPS units, I would understand.  Not today, though.  We were NOT off to a good start.  Oh, and I paid a $2.50 delivery charge for that hassle.2.  Pizza - I am not convinced that they didn't just order a Domino's Pizza and put it in their own box.  It was IDENTICAL to Domino's, for the most part.  I think Domino's has better crust, though.  Plus, Jet's costs 1.5x more than Domino's.3.  Wings - Awful.  Soggy.  They don't offer blue cheese, ranch, etc.  Enough said.Any pizza place is a better alternative to Jet's.  I started regretting not ordering from Donato's the moment I hung up the phone from ordering it.  My regrets were valid.  Avoid this place - it sucks.
3	I got a hot sandwich. A Jets deli boat.  Cute cashier, friendly and perky.ddc
4	Love Jet's Pizza because it reminds me of Michigan.  The square deep dish pizza is very much a Detroit-style pie.  Monday special is a great deal ... $5 for a small pizza with up to 5 toppings!
5	My favorite pizza in Charlotte...I'm from Michigan and am so glad that you are here!  Get the thick crust...you won't be disappointed.
4	Really good pizza for a chain, one caveat though-you have to order the square deep dish, the round is bobo, even for a chain. Decent wings. All in all a good experience outside of them being a bit pricey for a chain.
3	Jet's Pizza is what it is. If you want a meticulously crafted, gourmet pizza, this probably isn't the place for you. If you want a delicious, simple pizza (that can also be injected with such exotic flavors as "Butter" or "Cajun") delivered to you quickly for a reasonable price, then Jet's is your place. An added bonus is that Jet's serves slices all day if you just need a quick fix.
3	I had some pizza from the "Pizza Wars" event helde on March 23, 2013 at the Doghouse.  It was pretty good.  I went by on Friday to get some it was okay.  I ordered the deep dish cheese with chicken.  I may have to try a different topping.  I will agree its a little pricey.
1	I ordered from this location a few days ago and my experience was less that enjoyable.  First I placed an order online for one of their veggie pizzas.  Online it outlined what was on the pizza and left out quite a few toppings that ended up on the pizza when it arrived.  In addition I included some special instructions for the pizza which were completely ignored.  After 1.5 hours of waiting for my pizza on a Sunday night it finally arrived completely wrong. I called them and they did not even offer to have their driver come back out with the correct pizza.  I ended up having to drive to their location (completely defeating the purpose of delivery) to get another pizza.  In addition they would not give me the new pizza without me returning the old pizza(as if they could use it for another order....)  After arriving back home again we open the pizza box and they messed up the pizza again.(probably should have checked before leaving the store)  We just bit the bullet and ate it anyways because we were so sick of this whole ordeal.  I probably will not be ordering from this location ever again.
1	6:20 pm: Ordered two ridiculously simple pizzas (1 small deep dish pepperoni, 1 small thin crust cheese) online, the confirmation code said we could expect it delivered by 7:11. At 7:45, we called the store and were told the delivery driver was on his way with our order. 8:05, we called back. Snarky phone guy asked us if we were sure we actually ordered online, then if we were sure we ordered from the Montford location, before retaking our order and telling us that we had to present our confirmation code at the door before getting our pizzas that we'd have to wait ANOTHER 45 minutes for... although our order was supposedly already prepared and out for delivery. We finally got our food around 9:30 pm.I don't understand what took so long for such a simple order on a Sunday, or why we were met with such suspicion over our order. Did someone at Jet's get a little hungry and hope we wouldn't notice when dinner never came?These questions may never be answered, but one thing is for sure: if there's anything I love more than being hungry, it's having to jump through hoops for the food I've already been charged for! Thanks, Jet's!
5	We got pizza here for a work lunch.  We ordered one regular pizza, one with pepperoni and a buffalo chicken pizza.  They were all really yummy!  You can order online which is perfect for work lunches and they deliver.When you are placing your order online, you can customize every detail of the pizza - down to how much sauce you want/how thin you want your crust!  Everyone loved the pizza and we're definitely ordering from here again!
1	I recently had a dealsaver for $10 for $20 worth of pizza. On 7/7 I called to inquire about specials. She named a list of several and I took her up on one. Upon ordering I informed them that I have a dealsaver and the female informed me that I couldn't order any specials as I cant combine coupons. The dealsaver isn't technically a coupon nor is the specials--they are specials vs coupons. The female then placed the same order and the total jumped $17 from $30 to $47. It was evident that I was missing out on $17 worth of specials for a $10 savings. I explained to the female that again I wasn't combining coupons and she reluctantly agreed bringing my total again down $17. Upon showing up at my door, the receipt which had already been charged, was again back up $17. I called and asked to speak to the manager and explained to him that I wasn't combining coupons, simply taking them up on their specials--not to mention a dealsaver shouldn't constitute a coupon. The manager was extremely rude, not in the least understanding, and didn't have any objection to me sending the pizza back. I reluctantly did so despite having several unhappy and hungry people awaiting the pizza. I politely said prior to sending the pizza back that I had cleared up the issue prior to placing the order but again the manager was not understanding. All this aside the pizza is not very good and wouldn't dream of ordering without a dealsaver.
4	I've been meaning to try Jet's Pizza for a long time, but I so rarely order pizza to go that it's taken years.  Finally hubs was in the mood for pizza, and we were driving back wet and exhausted from getting caught in a huge thunderstorm in the mountains and so I got on my phone and went through their online ordering tool en route. It was awesome how many different customizations you can select for your pizza- thin crust, regular or deep dish (yes!), what flavorization you want that crust, do you want regular, light or heavy sauce or cheese (or none?), and how you like your crust baked. It brings a whole new meaning to the word personalized pan pizza! So I went ahead and paid for it and the tip/delivery online so we didn't have to worry about having cash. Maybe Domino's or Papa John's other delivery places have all these options but their quality isn't like Jet's so I wouldn't know. The best part? They give you a projected time while you're going through the checkout process so we could time it perfectly to arrive 2 minutes after we got in the door. Perfecto! And the delivery guy was spot-on too.Far and away, it had more flavor than the standard ol' pizza from say Hawthornes or the like and the deep dish is a nice novelty.  My husband loved the Buffalo Chicken and I made a custom pie.  My only complaint is I would like a few more topping options like spinach, broccoli, basil, etc. The only other downside was that for 2 small deep dish pizzas the bill including tip was $32 which seemed like a lot. The deep dish pizza is pretty filling though so I'd suggest instead of 2 custom smalls, get 1 large and do the toppings on half the pizza with your pizza partner (you can do that too in the cart) and you should save a lotta dough. Pardon the pun.
5	Great pizza.we ordered cheese sticks and deep dish pizza. We choose jet turbo crust and we are happy that everything was great. We all love the pizza  and cheese sticks. We had groupon and service was kind.We will definitely go again......for large square pizza :)
5	This is my favorite pizza place in Charlotte! The deep dish is fantastic. The crust has the perfect crunch and the toppings (I've had all kinds of pizza there) are always good! The wings are good but have a ton of sauce on them, just to warn you! One more thing, this pizza tastes really good as leftovers, even cold!
5	Excellent, excellent pizza. I ordered a small deep dish pepperoni and black olives and enjoyed it very much.I had the jet turbo crust and it was great!The small deep dish is definitely enough for one person.
4	I'm definitely a fan!I placed the order... drove there and it was already ready.  Very specific order and they didn't mess up anything!  Perfectly baked.  For the money, you really can't beat it!
4	Yay!! It took a couple of month since moving here, but we finally found our go-to place for pizza!  I love the crust choices and crust enhancers....my fav is sesame seeds.And they deliver...yipeee!
1	I live in a pizza Bermuda triangle where almost all my options are chain stores.  I'm outside the delivery areas of Intermezzo, Libretto's (both locations), Pure Pizza, etc. *shakes fist*  The few non-chain places that deliver (looking at you, Wolfman) fail to impress.Jet's Pizza was my last ditch effort to find good delivery pizza.  The reviews were good, the website was decent, and I could order online.  Looked promising.  Everything went smoothly until it came time for the actual delivery.My apartment complex is gated, so you have to ring a call box and be buzzed through.  The delivery guy reached me on the call box and I hit the number on my phone to allow him in. I am literally (proper use) the first building on the right after passing the gate.  It takes a car 10 seconds at most to get to us.10 minutes go by.  No pizza.  No sign of the car outside my window.15 minutes go by.  No pizza.  I call the pizza place and ask where their guy is.  The manager said he hadn't gotten into my complex and was still waiting outside.  I politely corrected him by saying I had successfully buzzed the dude through.  The manager would give him another call and see what was happening.20 minutes passes.  I called the restaurant again.  The manager was getting irritated with me and gave me attitude, as if it were my fault that the driver couldn't find my apartment.  In an antagonistic fashion he finally barked, "What, you want a credit?"At this point I gave up hope on getting a hot pizza.  Or a pizza at all.  "Sure," I replied.  Manager confirmed the credit and hung up.  25 minutes later, I hear a knock at my door.His excuse, "My GPS took me the wrong way."  Normally I would have given him the benefit of the doubt, but in this case I had written turn-by-turn instructions on how to get to my house on the order.  I could see them printed out on the ticket he had in his hand.  The one he chose to ignore for 25 minutes.A 10 second trip past a gate became a 25 minute odyssey of crappy customer service and lame excuses. It's a real shame because when I finally tried the pizza it wasn't bad for lukewarm deep dish.  Even with a credit waiting for me I'd be hard pressed to give them another chance.  Crap customer service always leaves a bad taste no matter how good the food.
1	I'm a huge fan of Jet's pizza. However, I've only had PROBLEMS with this location. Problem #1: we ordered pizza and sodas for delivery. Upon delivery I noticed our sodas were not given. Delivery guy says "I never got em" umm ok? No offer to bring them to me. I called and had very rude service. Mistakes happen, I get it but they did not offer to bring me the sodas I ordered. Instead she told me shed just refund me (in a not so nice or apologetic way. In fact no apology at all).Problem #2: the pizza is solid so weeks later we tried again. This time with pizza and salads. All was fine with the delivery- until we started eating our salads and came across a STAPLE. A big metal staple. When I called the lady was so nonchalant like I had just told her I had pepperoni on my food--rather than a STAPLE. She said "ok what do you want a refund?" Ummmm yeah- and maybe an explanation as to how this landed in my dinner? She again was unapologetic and only refunded me for one salad. I thought maybe she'd throw I'm another salad or a little discount on the pizza but, no. NEVER ORDERING FROM THIS LOCATIOM AGAIN. Ever.
1	Two nights ago I had the worst pizza I have ever tasted from anywhere. I was excited that Jets was advertising a N.Y. style pizza. I had tried Dominos version and it was decent but decided to give Jets a shot. Huge mistake, took pizza almost an hour to get to me, it was cold, way too salty and whoever cooked it had obviously never been inside a NYC pizzeria. It wasn't close. Had one slice, fed the rest to the dog and ordered Dominos.
5	Oh man I am pizza addict and Jet's is feeding my problem.   I haven't found a good deeper dish pizza(not the official Chicago style) with thick and fluffy crust with nice crusty and tasty cheese in Charlotte until we tried tried a Jet's special one afternoon. Upon boxing the glorious cheese rectangular sculpture, my eye lit up.  The Crust was thick, the cheese was gooey, the edges had nice carmelization.  It was the tastiest pizza of the hour.    I eat probably 1/2 to 3/4 of a large pizza in one sitting.  (I have a pizza problem)
4	We have a standing order at this location. 8 corner veggie, all the way. Make ya slap yo mamma! Thats just about it.
4	Jet's pizza is my guilty pleasure. I'm usually a local pizza joint guy, but I make an exception for this chain.  They're known for their "Detroit" style deep dish, which is essentially a Sicilian pie. The crust is so buttery, crunchy and delicious.  Make sure to order the 8 corner though instead of the regular deep dish. The 8 corner is actually 2 small pizzas (equals a large), but you get 8 corner pieces. Get it?!  The corner pieces have the biggest crust, which is the best part of the pizza (that's not usually the case!).  It also makes ordering easier when I want meat and my wife doesn't.  The salads are no joke either. We always order the Greek to share, which also justifies the meal!Jet's usually has a living social deal going too, so check that out before ordering!
5	I never have any complaints about the location on Montford in Charlotte! From the person that takes the order, the time it takes to prepare, to delivery or pick up, they are always friendly and the price is right. I try different pizzas, but always get an antipasto with it. Pizza always has plenty of toppings and so do the salads.
4	Unfortunately, my new home doesn't really have much in terms of pizza delivery. This Jet's location is sort of on my way back from work, however. By "sort of", I mean that when I have a pizza craving, not much will stop me.The location is easy to find, with this seriously massive window print of PIZZA. There's really no mistaking what this place serves. The neighbors are little odd, though. I went inside to pick up my online order, and I wasn't greeted or looked at for a good 5 minutes. I realize you're busy, but shouting a hi or something isn't very hard, and it'd make a customer feel better about just standing there awkwardly.  The guy was nice enough, and everything was straightfoward.The pizza was good, but the calzone (Jet's Boat) had dough that was way too thin. We're talking 1/8th dough, 1/2 cheese, and the rest was meat. Where's the tasty Turbo dough?I have to say I like the Matthews location better, but when It comes to pizza on the cheaper side, Jet's is still much better than Papa Johns or Pizza Hut or Dominos, etc.
