5	Very impressed with their first day!  Food was great (Green Eggs & Ham) and Pork Belly Taco!  I really like my Maple Glazed Old Fashioned (I can't remember if that was the exact name but I'm sure you can figure it out) was amazing.  It's great to have a place like this without having to drive down Scottsdale Ave to get to it.  I just might have found my new favorite hang.
3	I was excited to try this restaurant which is so close to my house.  We parked the car and walked to the front door and before walking into the restaurant was greeted with protesters with pictures of pig guts and the heinous treatment of animals as well as the posters of meat is murder.  After entering we walked over to the bar and was promptly told by the hostess that she would be glad seat us.  I explained that we wanted to eat at the bar but she said she the are no open seats and she would seat us.  Once we were seated we were presented with menus.  I could only find two things that sounded appetizing.  When I asked the waiter do you have anything like a hamburger his response was no, but we do serve lamb burgers.    We finally settled on some chicken thighs and a piece of pork.  Food was good, but very expensive, and that was the happy hour menu.  I don't expect we will be back anytime soon.  Not our cup of tea.
3	Let me preface that there is no doubt in my mind this place will be a four or five star review.. They just need to work out a few things, THE GREATNESS:Beautiful interior, actually looks like a high end gastropub.Local Beers on tap galore.Friendly staff, everywhere we saw.Foodie food at PV Mall.. finally..THE THREE STARS:No Kids Menu.. That will not fly .. I am a restautuer, and a foodie, and a father of two.. You are not telling me you do not want kids here, you are telling me that you do not want families here, and let me assure you that there are 100's of foodie families like myself, I just don't want to spring 16 bucks for a lamb burger for my nine year old on a Monday Night.I wanted my "Rare Roastbeef Sandwich" with the horeradish sauce on the side, and the kitchen would not accomodate my request. That is snobby, pretentious, and not knowing your clientele.. Please Sow, do not take yourself that seriously, you still are in a Wal Mart Parking Lot:) I am very acute to my palate, and my disdane for certain ingredients, so it is kind of presumptuous when a restaurant tells me about the "integridity of the dish bs" This place could be awesome, they just need to come to terms with their location, audience, and their food  fit in the Phoenix Market.. I will be back
5	Oh where to begin the goodness!The spot: the building is very eye catching right off the bat. Walking in it gorgeous!! stunning suedeish white seat that were super comfy. I love the open kitchen and the awesome draft beer pipe haning from the ceiling was rad.Grubs: We had a huge meal starting with the meat and cheese plate that was amazing . I had read the menu on line about the deviled eggs and I was so excited about, and they came through, I could have ordered four orders as my meal:)), then we had the brussels ceaser and also a beet and goat cheese salad(.i have actually gone back again for that salad) followed by a fall apart(in a good way) milk braised pork shoulder and the pork belly . The sauce from the pork belly was sent straight from heaven. finally some pudding and the bananas foster  , which is anything but standard, lil bananas hot stuffed donut things.. noms noms!Cocktails were spot on , lots of options that include sparkling wine, which I love in my cocktails!I have already gone back and look forward to checking out the happy hour next.Killer food , drinks and service!Oh yeah get a spot outside on the patio its beautiful!
3	Eye catching building structure from the street from what use to be a Black Eye Pea and then a Chinese Buffet.Ordered a few different items to share and taste. Had the Lamb Burger, French Dip, Duck Fat Fries and 2 different tacos. Lamb meat was stronger than what I was expecting, if I am going to spend $14 for a burger would rather go to Zinburger or the Grind. The French Dip was good but our standard for excellence is at Hillstone/Houston's. The Tacos were average but different with the Pork Belly Taco with Egg was a little dry and plain but the Suckling Pig Taco was better with the salsa. The most enjoyable item was the Duck Fat Fries which were crispy while not over cooked. Was trying to get in and out to catch a movie but could not get prompt enough service and did not make the movie in time. Have to think if I would come back again. So many other places to try out first.
5	My boyfriend and I wanted some appetizers and drinks and decided to try this place out...we were a bit skeptical at first because of the name and the way the building looked, but since it was unique it captured our curiosity.   When we walked in the staff was very friendly greeting us and the place looked very upscale and nice.  The lighting was relaxing and there was an outdoor patio that was open to the inside of the restaurant which I like, makes the place feel more open.   There looked to be managers dressed in business suits walking around helping out the staff which I thought was nice, not sure if they were there because it just opened.  We looked at the menu and since we're both natives to Arizona (yes I know rare) we had never heard of some of the things on the menu but wanted to try.   We ordered something called Duck Fries, the fries are made in duck fat and vegetable oil and topped with a 110 min egg (looked poached) and came with some kind of bernay sauce, anyway it was fabulous!  I ordered a sangria which was very tasty, looked like it was made with mostly white wine and my boyfriend ordered kilt lifter (on tap) which was also excellent.  We ordered a spinach and artichoke dip which supposedly came out late (we didn't even notice) so the manager came over and said he took it off the bill.  Honestly if they were trying to make an impression they did, this is a great place for couples and families and the food and service are great.  We'll be coming back!
2	Not terrible but very expensive and a bit of an odd presentation.I stopped in for lunch the other day and sat at the bar.  I found the menu a bit confusing but finally settled on the porkbelly with collard greens.  It arrived quickly.  The plate was a 5 inch square plate with what was perhaps a 3 oz. piece of porkbelly sitting on top of about a cup of collard greens.  For $12.00.  What was odd, was the porkbelly was sitting in a good half inch of the liquid from the greens, but all I was given was a fork to eat it with and there was also no bread.  Did I mention it was $12.00?  At lunch? I asked for some bread and they brought it out quickly.The pork belly was pretty good although a bit on the dry side.  The collards were just fine but it's hard to mess up collard greens isn't it?I asked for the menu again and now I noticed that everything is a la carte, even on the lunch menu.  So I guess I was supposed to order a side of potatoes for an additional six bucks.  As another Yelper has pointed out, this is after all a restaurant sitting in front of the Walmart so this all seems a bit pretentious.  Look, I don't mind paying for good food in the least but I do object to being presented with a tapas sized portion when I order an entree, particularly when it is involving such low food cost items as pork belly and collard greens.  Seriously, come on guys, what is your food cost on this dish?  I'll guarantee you it's under two bucks.  In my book, that's a rip-off.  Anyway, I'm not really sure Paradise Valley needs such a precious restaurant but I guess time will tell.   I left hungry and $16.00 poorer.Finally, I don't get this recent bizarre and unwelcome trend I've observed recently of nice (and expensive) restaurants not serving bread .  What's up with that?  If you're going to serve traditional European/American food and charge a lot of money, bring some nice artisan bread to the table.
4	$7 for a beer???I'm sorry, but that is ridiculous! I was excited to see my favorite beer on tap, Four Peaks peach ale, but why pay $7 when I can go to four peaks and pay $4.50?That being said, I was excited about the restaurant in general and I liked it.  It has a very cool vibe, which is lacking in the PV mall area, so this very much appreciated.  Also, all of the food we ordered was great!  We were there for happy hour and we did not get the tacos, I think they were $5 each for one small taco, that seems too pricey!  I think in the Phoenix/Scottsdale market, other similar restaurants are a little more competitive with their pricing.Overall, I know I will be back, but maybe not as often since it is a little pricey.  I also agree with the other reviewer who said there should be a kids menu!
4	My Mom and I, hit up this place for a girls lunch. We loved the atmosphere. We sat on the patio and the traffic from Cactus was not an issue at all. We split the prime rib sandwich and the Caesar salad. Both were very good. Service was spot on as well. We will definitely be back.
3	We live in the neighborhood and decided to finally give this a try.  The menu isn't that much different from when my mom was growing up in the midwest on the farm, so the selection was familiar with her.  The building is beautifully done.  Very pleasant inside and comfortable ambience. The open concept kitchen is something we both like and enjoy watching.  Service wasn't too quick considering the number of employees on the floor.  We were in an hour before dinner rush with few patrons seated.  There seemed to be a mix up with servers, I am assuming because the server assigned to our table was running late and they didn't know if he was showing.  When he got on the floor, he seemed nervous but very nice and informative.  I ordered a salad which cost $13 and my dinner partner had the roast beef sandwich which was $14.  Food was good but nothing spectacular and terribly overpriced, esp for the size portion.  We opted for a dessert of the strawberry cornmeal shortcake.  Again, for $6.50 greatly overpriced for strawberries, whipped cream, and a piece of cornmeal bread. The one thing that really put us off was the server constantly having to move his hair out of his eye and he kept wiping his mouth, I think because of how much he was sweating.  Touching your hair and face w/out washing your hands is a big no-no in the food industry.  He proceeds to brings us silverware and keeps our drinks full with disgusting hands.  We also watched one of the female servers as she kept getting the hair out of her eyes.  A revisit to food handlers policies is warranted.  Truly unappetising - we didn't want to touch much.  Both of us washed our hands as soon as we got home.We were quite un-impressed with the entire experience.  Something I guess comes with the territory when there is 30 + years of food industry experience between my dinner partner and I.  We pay attention to detail and the little things.I give 3 stars only because our main meal had a good taste.  We both agreed the over-priced menu and the unsanitary practices of the servers deemed it not worth returning.
2	Horrible service. No one had any idea what was going on. Overpriced. Everything took FOREVER to come out. Will definitely not return.
4	What I like about this place is it's uniqueness. Situated in a weird location between Walmart and Tilted Kilt you wouldn't expect an upscale place like this. That being said, since its upscale, beware it is pricey for sure. It can cost around $100 for 2 ppl b/c portions are small. The items I had were either hit or miss, but boy were the hits good. They try to order locally which is good and everything seemed really fresh. I had 4 peaks peach ale (which is delicious) and a pomegranite mixer drink that was also very refreshing and  tasty. We got their french fries which had eggs on top-good, but the tarragon dipping sauce was bad (like pine needles). I also had the braised pork with mashed potatoes -simply delicious with perfectly tender cooked meat. The salmon was also perfectly cooked with a nice crust on top, but I wasn't crazy about the sauce it came with -blah and fatty tasting. The desert (fried cheesecake and ice cream) was delicious, but not as unique as the rest of the meal I've had it at other places for less and just as good.
5	Finally something unique ! I tried 8 different dishes and they were all awesome. I could not have asked for a better experience. Very good service from the manager Brian to our wait staff,you have to try this place.
4	This review is not for the food but for the establishment itself. The wife and I seen this locale had just opened right in front of the Wal-Mart. Now seeing that it also next door to Outback Steakhouse I wasn't expecting to much.....however I was surprised at the Ambiance. The outdoor seating is very nice.....and the Indoor seating has great booths with high tables attached to them. I have been to a couple of restaurants like this in Illinois and I really like the setup. The mood lighting is also very good....and it provides a very nice romantic atmosphere. I will give this place a try for lunch and dinner and at that time I will update this review to talk about the food and service. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	This is a great place.  You can get things here like nowhere else in the valley.  Service is great, the food is consistent, bartenders on point, and the decor is amazing.  So far, I've liked everything I've tried.  But the standouts were the truffle deviled eggs, green eggs and ham, bananas foster beignets, and Brussels sprout CaesarI'd like to see their version of my favorites lunches; like grilled cheese sandwiches, avocado and chicken club, hot wings, and I guess a beef burger on the dinner menu since I don't really care for lamb burgers. Lastly, that Brussels sprouts Caesar deserves to be on a chicken breast sandwich or even a burger.  It's freaking amazing!  I'll be back for sure to see what their chefs come up with next.I am deducting 1-star for not having a burger.  Do they deserve that... maybe not, but Ill give it back when they give in to my food extortion!
4	The charcuterie board was way on point.. And the Pork Prime Rib was absolutely fantastic.. Ill give em five when they get a kids menu rolling..
5	Finally a restaurant in the PV area that rocks. I am a tough critic and this place pleasantly surprised me. Hubs and I went to the happy hour in the middle of the week and got the fried Brussels sprouts, pork belly taco, beef shoulder taco, kale chicken salad, the deviled eggs, and two brews on tap. Everything was just 5 bucks (except the salad) and let me tell you everything was delicious!!! MUST TRY! Also fantastic service, and really cool atmosphere!
3	Overall a decent G-Pub brought to you by Eddie V's restaurants.  The good:  fresh brioche, tasty roast beef, juicy suckling pig, amazing 110 minute egg, beautiful decor, good locationThe bad: Flour tortilla taco, not so interesting salmon rillettes The ugly:  Lame music, awkward service, limited menuThey put forth a good effort and I'm hoping Phoenicians will take to something besides your average boring Fox Restaurant Concepts fare.  I'd totally come in here to grab a beer and a nice charcuterie plate.  For the love of all that is holy, please play some interesting music.And please, if I hear the term "head (or snout) to tail" or "farm to table" one more time I'm going to puke.  It's been done to death guys, and you're about 3 years too late.  I didn't experience one thing at the shop that would exemplify either concept.
3	This place had an interesting menu. If you like food that is different yet has a home cooked feel this place is great. The service was great as well. Loved the ambiance and atmosphere. I was a little underwhelmed at a few things. The duck fries were delicious but I didn't care for the sauce. My husband liked it though. The goat cheese fritters were really good but the toast was a little bit TOO toasted. They're also HUGE and I prefer fritters smaller. I ordered the Brussels sprouts Caesar. It was great. I really loved the flavor. It had a bit of bite to it. Would love to go back and try something new. But as for what I had this first time I wouldn't be dying to go back. I rated it so highly because it takes reservations which is so rare nowadays for moderately priced places.
5	Delicious place for foodies to go! Interesting menu with great specials that change daily!!
5	GET THE LAMB BURGER!I've passed this restaurant several times and thought it looked interesting. My husband and I decided to try it out for lunch on a Saturday. The weather was pretty nice, so we chose to sit outside on the patio. The restaurant is situated in front of Walmart, but the patio was angled so that you wouldn't even know it.We both ordered arnold palmer's which had fresh lemonade. I was having trouble deciding what to eat as the menu offered a lot of enticing entrees. I asked the waitress for recommendations, and she said she received lots of good feedback for the lamb burger. This was the best decision ever! If I could have married this burger I would, but sorry lamb burger I'm already taken. Why was it so good? Well, it was cooked perfectly at medium rare, with a garlic olive tapenade that complimented the meat perfectly, the creamy goat cheese topped it off to flavor greatness. Seriously! Get the lamb burger!My husband had the open faced BLT, a sandwich with bacon, pork belly, fried green tomatoes and a fried egg on top. This was also fantastic, I liked mine better but this still did not disappoint. I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu, but I'm not so sure if I will as I'm in love with that burger!
5	Love the staff.  Holly the server has great knowledge and guides you through the menu like an Ace!   Kevin Bird, GM and bartenders are really nice.  So glad they have to come to our neighborhood to up the anty!
3	You don't really have to twist my arm to get to me to try a restaurant where pork prepared in any way is the main attraction.  So, when my husband and I had a chance to get away for a meal, I naturally chose Salty Sow.  I wish that I could talk about the wonderful dishes that I had, but they were all only okay.  I had the candied pork belly.  I guess in my head I pictures something somewhat crispy.  I was very wrong.  It's a braised dish.  It's not a bad dish, just not something I would convince me to come back again.My husband had the lamb burger and I had to sample.  It was pretty good if you enjoy tapenade. It's not really for me.  Service was good up until we asked for the check.  It felt like a lifetime before it finally arrived, and then it was wrong.Overall, it was an okay experience.
5	So much delicious food and wonderful cocktails. I would love to just keep going back and trying everything on the menu. It did not seem like a place where you would order fish, but almost everyone in my party did, and they each raved about it. If I go back, I will suggest us all passing our plates so that we can try multiple things in one meal.
2	I sauntered in to the Salty Sow...and was hit by the "Sewer Smell" that others are posting about.  The building was totally renovated, and they screwed up something in the bathrooms.Besides that, the restaurant isn't sure what it wants to be.  Limited menu.  Unhealthy choices (duck fat fries?)  I got the lamb burger for $14.  Are you going to be a gourmet restaurant or have a variety of items and prices on the menu?  From the name, I expected pulled pork sandwiches and the like.  But none was to be found.  It really needs to figure out what it's going to be.  And fix that sewer smell!
4	Very good food and service! We got a delicious brussel sprout salad with salmon as well as the french dip. It was not our absolute favorite french dip, but it was definitely one of the better ones we have had. Their butterscotch/caramel dessert was absolutely amazing! Great service too. The decor was comfy and laid back.
1	I tried to make reservations for Mother's Day a week in advance and the person who answered the phone said they weren't taken reservations. We were going to be a party of 6-8 with my elderly parents and I figured it would be better to have reservations since I had family from out of town and I knew they had limited seating for handi-capped since I have been to the Resturant twice and liked the food. We're told they did take reservations when we got there way before the rush but they could not accommodate us since all the seating that was available was high tops obviously not good for elderly people to jump on to. They were not curtious about it at all. Maybe the staff should be better informed and also learn better manners.
4	I had dinner at the Salty Sow for the first time and will definitely be back.  Thought the truffle deviled eggs were full of flavor.  Also had the crisped chicken thighs with potatoes--the chicken was crispy and moist--really some of the best chicken I have ever had--the potatoes were also had a great deal of flavor.  A dining companion had the chili rubbed tuna--which she said had wonderful flavor--hope to try that another time.
5	This place is awesome!!!!  They have fun cocktails, so make sure to sample a couple.  For starters, you simply must get the duck fat fries!  They are the best I've had and the 110 minute egg they are served with is sooooo good!  For dinner our table ordered the lamb burger, seared ahi and the slow roasted beef - all entrees were delicious.  The lamb burger was my favorite. For dessert we had the butterscotch boudino and it was so incredible that I can't wait to go back and have another.  We will definitely return!
5	We loved the Salty Sow!  Great food, service, cocktails & atmosphere!  This was our first time & we will definitely be back.  The deviled eggs were delicious.  We tried the tuna & pork prime rib.  Both were fantastic.  My favorite new cocktail is the salty sow'r - bourbon / lime juice - incredible!  We loved the side dishes too.  Great spot to meet friends too!
3	Ok, I am a huge fan of the other white meat and this place is all about it.  Or so they say, so I really wanted to like the pork here.   Well I can say after trying it, it was ok.  I never plan on visiting again so I can't say the dishes are making me want to visit.Yes I tried the Lamb burger and ugh wish I could say it was excellent, but I would rate is as good.  I like the local beers offered, even a replica of Blue Moon, but as noted with my dinner guest, wish I had a real Blue Moon to go with my pork :) It is not the same, it is a replica and the difference in flavor is noticed.  Candied pork was ok, not something I would order again.  No starch on the plate with it so make sure you order something else.  Great bar, great atmosphere, but the food is what attracted me and it was not top notch like I had hoped.
4	so great to have good food in the neighborhood...not for the diet conscious, but everything we had was tasty!
5	My father is super picky..he likes all of 3 restaurants in this town...he LOVED this place. But it wasn't just the food...our waiter Tony was awesome. My dad turned to me and said: "that's the kind of guy that gets a great tip even if the food is bad" great decor, great menu..great drinks. excellent happy hour...I can't wait to go back!
5	Since it recently opened in my neighborhood, I thought I should check it out, even though I wasn't intrigued by the menu online.  Wow, I'm glad I came.  My wife and I shared a turkey sandwich and brussel sprout salad for lunch.  The food was incredibly flavorful.  The service was good too.  The waiter made beer suggestions that were spot-on for the time of day and temperature.  Impressive.  I will definitely be coming here often.
4	love their biscuits.
5	Been meaning to try this new restaurant out, glad we finally did. Nice atmosphere, (although a little noisy, we sat at the bar during happy hour.) very friendly and upbeat bartenders and waitstaff. Food was very good, we started out with the mussels which was a special that night. delish....coming from a displaced Jersey girl that means alot, He had the french dip and I had the fish special, nice manageable serving with fresh cabbage slaw ingredients. Happy to find a local hangout in the Paradise Mall area that isn't a chain and adds ambience to our Grey Goose, straight up, extra dry Martinis.
4	MMMM delicious.Had the 10oz Lamb burger. I love how it wasn't purely ground, but more like pulled lamb? Not sure if that is how lamb comes out when it is ground or if it really was. Anyways this burger was amazing. Perfectly Juicy, meat to bun, perfect. cheese to meat perfect.Fries...thats what stopped a five star. They were good, but couldn't line up to the rest of the food we had. (a little bit of a let down)My wife had the beef shoulder. It was served in its own pan. We loved the aesthetic that  added to our dining experience. The servers were knowledgeable and had the perfect balance of visiting your table and letting you eat.I will come back to salty sow for SURE!
4	I really want to give this place 3.5 stars because that's what it deserves, but I'll bump it up to 4 stars.  I have been here many, many times over the last 6 weeks and I think I have a good sense of this place.  First all, I have never had a bad server here.  Not once.  I don't know how that's possible, but it's true.  They are always very warm and attentive.  They are around when you need them and leave you alone when you need to carry on a conversation.  A few of them have made some poor menu suggestions, but taste in food is sometimes subjective, so you can't hold that against them.The decor is really fun!  Modern, but comfortable and definitely not Scottsdale.  The music selection drives me crazy though.  There is never any theme.  One night I'm listening to great oldies and then I'm listening to hair bands from the 80s, and yet another night I'm listening to grunge from the 90s. Pick a theme, or genre, and stick with it.The food is either very good or very bad (kind of like that old nursery rhyme: "When she was good, She was very very good, But when she was bad she was horrid!") Every single taco I have ever had here has been completely inedible, if only because the meat is completely dried out.  I was really bummed too, because they put a yummy fried egg on top, which adds a twist to it.  So, avoid the happy hour tacos.  The crispy brussel sprouts dish should be removed from the menu.  They finely chop the brussel sprouts into confetti and fry them.  The fried bits dissolve in your mouth in a weird way and all you can taste is the oil.  Every once in awhile, you get a big chunk of brussel sprout that wasn't cut into a small bit and ends up frying for a very short period of time (making it raw, hard, and taste like brussel sprouts, which is not a good thing).  All I can say is avoid it; no modification can fix what's wrong with that dish. The deviled eggs are done completely wrong, in my opinion.  Some people love to have tons of yellow egg filling for their deviled eggs.  Others are minimalists.  I'm a proportionalist.  I don't want there to be so much filling that the damn egg tips over (and they do).  I took half the egg off of each and spread it on toast, which was actually pretty good.  Do not get the tasting menu!  At $25, you would think it would be a great deal, but it's only worth $15.  Each "course" (that's being generous) is literally only two bites (delicious bites).  I still had to order a meal after I paid all that money for Costco size samples.  I absolutely love the Rosemary's Piglet.  It's a cocktail with pomegranate juice, rosemary syrup, and champagne.  it's heaven!  HOWEVER, they put a HUGE (size of your fist) ice cube with rosemary leaves in the drink, which only allows for a tiny bit of alcohol.  If you order any drink here, make sure you ask for no ice cubes.  The ice cube wastes precious space and is actually big enough to assault your nose or eye.Moving on, the food that is good is a long list!  The fried chicken is out of this world (the sweet potato biscuit that comes with the fried chicken has been mostly good, but there have been times when it came out hard as a rock--if they made it smaller, this probably wouldn't happen)!  The lamb burger is orgasmic, and even though they gave me a really bad stomach ache from being so rich, the fries are heaven as well.  They have really good happy hour prices for specific drinks and dishes.  I've also never had a bad cocktail here.I can honestly say my only bad experience was during restaurant week.  Each course took 30 minutes to get.  The manager paid for one of my cocktails, but being there for 2 hours to get an appetizer, salad, dinner, and dessert was a bit painful.  I haven't had that problem since.So, after a very long review, I would definitely say go and enjoy the place.  The food is unique; there's a neighborhood feel to the crowd and the servers, and minus a few bad eggs on the menu, the food and cocktails are delicious.
4	Though I give this establishment four stars, I give the bananas foster beignets five plus stars.  OMG those are good.  I'd say skip dinner and go straight to those babies, but honestly, dinner was good too.  Either way, save some room and get the beignets... you won't be disappointed.  Trust me.As for food, I had a french dip sandwich... it was fab.  I wish it was served a little bit warmer, but overall I would highly recommend it.  The hubs had a pork roast.  It was Ok, but had A LOT of fat on it.  I think he would have enjoyed it more if it had been trimmed a bit... it was also a smaller portion than one would have expected for the price.  Our service was great, especially considering we were STARVING and looking to get food ASAP.We're so happy this new restaurant have popped up near to home.  We will surely be back, especially for those beignets.  Dear lord those were good...
4	Sunday, Father's Day was our 3rd trip to the Sow! Great atmosphere, service and food. We shared the fried chicken app which was very tasty. My wife had the charcuterie, which we couldn't finish and I had the collared greens (the best I've ever had) Our son had the boneless chicken thighs, very tender and moist and his wife had the price fixed tasty menu which was outstanding!H/H is everyday, 4:30-6:30 $5 wines even on Father's Day.Count on us to be back several times.
4	I got to check this cool restaurant a few weeks ago.  The staff could not have been nicer or more professional.  The sustainable menu is very nicely done and is geared towards comfort foods with varying combinations of textures and flavors not usually found around here.  To be honest I do not usually go for this type of menu and can be pretty picky.  That being said, I was really surprised at how much I enjoyed everything I tasted.  I did not try the Roasted Bone Marrow dish that someone ordered.  I could not help thinking that my dogs would have loved the Bone Marrow.  I also bypassed the "Things in a Jar" section.  I'm just not "there" yet and will refrain from further comments.We sampled many of the popular items that other Yelpers had mentioned, i.e. the Duck Fat Fries, the Muscles, the roasted beets and of course, the lamb burger. They were all deliscious.  The star of the show was the crispy brussel sprout leaves. Savory charred edges with a light delicate crunch.  YUMMY!I had one of the special entrees which may have been created for the Restaurant week.  It was an amzing halibut topped with asiago.  There would be no left overs this night.  We finished up with the Bananas Foster Beignets which were light and toasty with decadently tasting vanilla ice cream and honey.  I would highly recommend this unique and comfortable experience for anyone looking for something a little different and definitely rewarding!
5	EXCELLENT customer service and fantastic food!!
5	No kids menu.  I don't bring my kids.  Go to Happy Hour and get the Fried Chicken.  You will not be dissapointed.  Go to reverse happy hour and get the $7 burger.  Just go to Happy Hour.
5	I took my dad here for Father's Day after discovering their happy hour on the Whistl app for iPhone. What a great find!We started with a couple drinks. My dad got one of their local craft brews ($4) which he enjoyed very much. I was a little more adventurous and tried the Maple Old Fashioned ($6). It was excellent. It wasn't too sweet, and the maple added a nice subtle flavor that complimented this iconic drink very well. The single massive ice cube was a nice touch, allowing me to sip it through the meal without having to worry about it being watered down. We got a couple happy hour items along with the drinks. We tried the Spit Roasted Suckling Pig Taco with sweet onion slaw, pickled onions, smoked tomato salsa,and cilantro aioli. It was huge! One could almost be a meal in itself. It was delicious. Definitely one of the best tacos I've ever had. The toppings really added to the savory flavor of the pork. We also had the  Honey Rosemary Dipped Fried Chicken a with Cat Head sweet potato biscuit, as recommended by our wonderful waitress. It came with a couple massive pieces of fried chicken bathing in a thick, delicious gravy.  The chicken was very juicy, and not greasy at all. We would definitely get this again.For dinner, my dad got the Crispy Skin Salmon with lentils, thin beans, red wine sauce, and i asked the waitress what their best swine was. She recommended the Milk-Braised Pork Shoulder with white beans, escarole and Pecorino. My dad really enjoyed the salmon. It was pretty much what you'd expect from a nice piece of salmon, mild in flavor, very fresh, nice natural color. The pork shoulder was also really good. It sat in a sauce with the beans, escarole and Pecorino, letting me take a bite with each of the other things. The meat was very succulent, and paired my old fashioned quite nicely.We will definitely be coming back to this restaurant very soon. If you're a foodie like me and always looking for a great place with food at a great price, definitely check out the Whistl app for Phone!Happy Eatings
4	This place reminds me of Windsor in Phoenix quite a bit, but I think has a bit more of an exciting and diverse menu (Windsor has great food, but I find the menu a bit limited). It's really cool to have a place like this in North Scottsdale, when most of the hip new places seem to be in the Arcadia area. The stand out dish here for us is easily the Crispy Brussels Sprout leaves. They are fried up to a nice crisp and tossed with golden raisins, pecorino, and something else sweet which I couldn't put my finger on. They are LEGIT. If you don't like Brussels Sprouts, they will change your mind. Service was A+, food was great, very nice and chic decor...overall I was extremely impressed. Judging by the crowds I've been seeing here, I think most people tend to agree as well. 4.5/5
5	Amazing! My husband and I have recently dined several times at the Salty Sow. We have been well treated by the fantastic bartender, Brian. He is so thoughtful, professional, and attentive to his customers. The drinks are fantastic and made with care. The roast beef sandwich is to die for. Last night, Beth Cochran introduced herself and also made us feel so welcome. I can't say enough positive things about my experience at this restaurant.
4	ok, so consistency is key in this day and age, so I went to SS 4.... no 5 times before putting this in writing.first visit:  amazingsecond visit: not amazingthird fourth and fifth visits: back on top.my second visit was un amazing enough to delay review because I really want this place to rock it.  if I was less dedicated, I may have given a lower score at visit two, and that would have been the end if it.however, such is not the case, and im happy to say I keep going back because they have found their groove at the salty sow.  the operation is solid. deviled eggs:  amaze-ballspork taco at happy hour: a perfect meal for oneroasted bone marrow: tickle your garlic butter fetish
4	I had heard good and bad about this place but decided to give it a try. I must say that our server- Tony made the visit an exceptional one. His personality was wonderful and we tried everything  he suggested. We split the fish and chips and the pork sandwich. Both were delish. Also tried the butterscotch thingy for dessert and the banana beignets. I have never heard my husband utter the words- Oh wow when it came to a dessert but those banana goodies did it. So we will go back for more Tony soon!! Gotta try the brussel sprout dishes for sure.
3	Like Crystal says "Just go to happy hour"Thats because the $ per ounce of food here is astronomical.Beef shoulder is tasty($16), pretty small though. They serve it in a cooking pan with the veggies and taters, which are also 'lil nibbles.Got the deviled eggs, good stuff. So good that I ordered another round after I mowed down the entree like it was an appetizer.($6+$6=$12)My lady got the petite bone-in filets, which were tasty.($14? I think) She was going to get the pork shoulder but it had white beans in the sauce and they wont leave them out. Kinda weird, but whatevs.Might go back for happy hour....
4	Salty Sow? What the heck is a Salty Sow? Apparently (after looking it up), it's an adult female pig.  Ohhh, makes sense.  Their specialty is in PORK.  Which I regrettably did not order but will next time. What appealed to me at the time was this crispy chicken over fried potato dish.  It was fantastic times 100.  I never had chicken this way before.  Basically its two big chicken thighs where the skin was rendered giving it a crispier texture.  The fingerling potatoes were fried and doused into brown gravy, which then completed the whole dish.  I killed it! Was sooo good!I did manage to sample a little bit of pork belly my amigos had.  I thought it was juicy and succulent the way it ought to be.  The menu offered some really creative dishes at an affordable price.  When you sit down and gaze at the decor, you thought you might be spending in the 20s but not really.  Ranchy chic is how I would describe the decor.  Now that I finally gave them my thumbs up, I need to plan another visit.
4	After reading the good and bad reviews, my husband and I decided to try it anyway figuring at the very least, we could grab a drink and an appetizer if nothing seemed appealing to us or if it was really overpriced.  The menus had a printing date of June 2013, so I'm guessing they have adjusted their prices according to the market and the complaints. A Peach Ale from Four Peaks was $5 ($4 on reverse HH) instead of the $7 I was expecting based upon another review.  Good to know they seemingly listen to folks.  The decor/ambience is pretty awesome and fills a void this area has been lacking.  Our server was extremely friendly and on top of things (minus one thing I'll note below).  We ordered the 110-minute egg duck fat fries as an appetizer.  They were good, but you have to mix the fries into the eggs, dip the fry into the egg and then into the sauce served on the side for the flavors to mesh well.  I wouldn't dip a fry straight into the sauce. As their name indicates, the sauce is really salty on its own.  Extremely good when dipped right.  We also ordered (from the reverse happy hour menu) a pork taco and the open-faced BLT to split.  The taco (yes, only one per order) is a pretty good size and was decent.  The pork was really smoky and smoked maybe a little too long because it was on the verge of being dry.  (Sidenote- we own our own smoker and are particular about how we like our smoked meats to be.)  The open-faced BLT was too much for us.  We had to ask for a steak knife to cut through it.  It was good, but, we were pretty disappointed that the menu didn't state that it came with french fries (or any side for that matter...it appeared to be an a la carte dish)-- nor did our server bother to tell us it came with a huge portion of fries.  Why on earth would we want MORE fires when we had your 110-minute egg french fry appetizer?  We didn't even touch one of them...such a waste of food.  Had we known, we would have definitely asked to sub it out with a side salad, even if it cost an extra buck or two.  We eat pretty healthy in general and so it was our "cheat day," but, it was way too much fried food on one plate, even for a cheat day.  The bacon was really crispy, which my husband liked.  I like mine more grizzly/less done.  The tomato in the BLT is a fried green tomato and is really good.  They have a great patio for Fall/Spring if you are ever in need of a good patio to enjoy the day on.  All in all, we decided we would be back but it would most likely be for happy hour drinks and an appetizer rather than an entire meal.  Not bad, but a little too much of a fried/fatty menu for us personally.  Note- there are some healthy options on the menu, but some of them have random things in them that I'd personally like to modify out.  They won't let you modify SOME of the dishes, which prevented us from ordering those specific things.  I'd recommend at least trying this spot out, though.
5	This place is perfect if you want to take someone out and show them some cuisine that's bound to impress. I work in the area and heard it was new, open for dinner only and wanted to try it out, so I took my boyfriend here for a date night and immediately when I walked in, the atmosphere was so relaxing, yet intriguing. It almost felt intimate. The place used to be a gross ass China Buffet and it's completely flipped into a superior dining atmosphere. As soon as I walked in, the hostesses were extremely kind and professional.Amy was our server and she was very, very helpful and knew the menu very well. Anything she was unsure of that we asked about, she made sure to find us the correct answer. She helped us out with the menu and we started out with the Charcuterie board (thankfully she helped us to correctly pronounce it). I've had meat and cheese boards before (I'm a huge Postino's fan), but this board was it's own kind. They various meats and cheeses were laid out and listed on the menu and most of it was all made in-house. Extremely impressive. My only critique to this dish was that the bread was a little too thick and toasted for my spreading preference, but everything on that board was devoured. Half the items I never tried, so I felt like the Sow educated me a little and helped me to explore my pallet.I've never seen a menu like this before and I'm told that it's always changing. I'd highly recommend this place to my friends that have more sophisticated and open minded pallets than myself. I ordered the chili rubbed tuna. The fish was perfectly seasoned and seared and I couldn't help but get a shred of the roasted tomato in every bite of the green chile grits. You could taste the chile rub on the tuna in every bite. The combination was something I'd never think of. My boyfriend got the blackened red fish and I can't speak for him, but his plate was completely cleaned. Overall, the place was stellar! We loved our server, Amy, and we'll be going back again sometime to check out their Chef's menu tasting for only $25. What a great experience in such a wonderful location! Highly recommend this place if you're open to trying new things!
5	I have been to Salty Saw 3 times so far: first for the spring Restaurant week  - both food and service were amazing , but the items on the Restaurant week menu were not on a regular menu, so it is disappointing we cant have them again. Last week i came back to salty Saw for my birthday dinner and they had the $25 Chef tasting menu - what a feast that was! We started with chilled cucumber soup, followed by tacos, then our party split and most people had pork shoulder with pork belly and grits, and my boyfrient ordered halibut. There was no wrong answer there - everything was delicios. Finished with super amazing brownies. And all of that was $25 per person. Unbelievable....My boyfriend"s parents are well travelled and  accustomed to fine dining and they were saying that was one of the best meals they ever had.Oh, and we got there before Happy Hour ended - $5 wine is not too bed either. It was so good we came back for dinner a few days later. This time I had pork belly with collard greens( cooked perfectly )which was very tasty, but my new obsession is the beer they have  - Full Moon ,a tastier version of Belgian white. Will be back for that soon
1	While we were seated immediately, the food service took just shy of an hour. The appetizers were served promptly though, but there was no reason dinner should have taken nearly an hour. All we ordered was two salads and some lentils. We had to leave even before it was served because we had prior plans, and were nearly late. The reason our meal was late was that the kitchen forgot our order and the waitress didn't check on why it took 45 minutes to make two salads. The waitress apologized, but the manager don't even bother to talk with us.  I'm certain we will not go back. The appetizers we had weren't that great either.
5	Not to be missed! If you are a fan of unique, rich, scrumptious fare, this is your place! The food is excellent, and so is the service. Cheers!
5	So, my wife has a class today and informs me that I am in charge of dinner. It is too hot to grill outside, so I asked if I could take her to a nice restaurant? Her eyes popped and said she had heard of a new one in the valley called the Salty Sow. We did a little checking (Yelp) and I was in. Just to make sure we made a reservation on line.Generally, I don't get too excited about a restaurant, but I have to tell you, we had a great experience. From the time we walked through the door to time we left with a smile on our face we were treated like old friends. Tony, our waiter, was attentive and helpful. Our table was cleaned twice while we were there, and I am not a messy eater. We started with the "Crispy Brussels Sprout Leaves". Wonderfully unique and very tasty. I had the "Beef Shoulder Slow-Cooked". It was melt-in-your mouth tender. They gave me a knife, but I think I only used it once. The beef was served on "Smashed Potatoes" and veggies and then topped with a fried egg. So good!My wife had the Halibut. She took one bite and immediate wanted to give me a taste. I feel a little bad, I did not make the same offer. The fish seasoned in a way I had never experienced. It was exceptional.We shared a butterscotch/caramel desert. A perfect end to our meal. We will be returning to the Salty Sow. I highly recommend it!
2	I've only been here once.  Our server was not very good.  We already had waited 10 minutes with no one greeting the 3 of us at the table....the table next to us not only had an attentive server, but the manager stopped by a couple of times to see how they were doing and to bring out their entree's.  We agreed that we'd wait 2 more minutes before getting up and leaving.  After making eye contact with quite a few servers and bussers, as we were about to get up, our server came - without an apology, she asked what she could get us to drink.  We obliged and ordered.  After another 10 minutes, our drinks came.  For food, I ordered the beef shoulder that had a great presentation but it was a bit heavy.  I wasn't able to finish it.  My brother had the duck breast, and though I don't eat duck, he insisted I try it - it was better than my beef shoulder.  My SIL ordered the same thing I did, so nothing extra to comment on that.  The service throughout our meal was yet again, next to none.  We had to ask every time we wanted our drinks refilled - she never came by to ask how our meal was.  And when we did ask for refills, we actually felt bad because she made it seem like we were inconveniencing her.  You know how it goes....whenever you receive bad service, it's almost hard for the food to taste good - you're just so bothered by the service that it doesn't matter.  To the point you just don't want to eat anymore.  I was really excited because we finally had a "trendy" restaurant in our area besides all the corporate (Olive Garden, Oreganos, etc.)  restaurants, but it looks like this one isn't a winner.
3	It's ok. Menu maybe a little too southern authentic for me.  Steak sandwich nothing to write yelp about :  ).
4	HAPPY HOUR REVIEW:Imagine you had a long day. And you wanted to relax and indulge in something incredibly scrumptious, delectable, and sinfully good.  Well... Think Sow.  Salty Sow.We were over near the PV Mall and we decided, spur of the moment, to get something nearby. We thought of sushi and a few other places. But then we saw the three golden neon arrows pointing to the front door of the Salty Sow. AMBIANCE/MOOD:The Salty Sow has that nouveau feel to it. The bar is off to the left as you enter, with a large kitchen straight in front of you. You see a lot of wood and interesting lighting (photos). But the feeling is very intimate. Even with other diners nearby, you cannot hear their conversations. The clientele is mixture of millennials and older, with a dozen or so sitting at both the bar and the dinning area. MENU:Like most places in the Valley, the Happy Hour menu is a jumping off point for the  Dinner menu. When you are seated you are given both menus. There seems to be no pressure to order off of one or the other. The focus of the food is all things pork. So if you love bacon, then you have found your Nirvana in this life. LOLAlmost all the items on the Happy Hour menu are $5,00 and you find things like: Triple Fried Duck Fat Fries, Truffled Deviled Eggs, Pork Belly Tacos and Braised Beef Tacos and much, much moreSERVICE:Everything is relaxed and our server Holly was excellent.  Folks stop by and ask about your meal and dishes are bused quicklyFOOD:Okay, the best thing we tried was the HH Fried Chicken that came with a honey glaze and a large sweet potato biscuit (photo).  Even here there was bacon on the underside of the chicken.  It was moist, flavorful and delicious!We also order two tacos which were equally good that came with a fried egg on top (photo).  But you must try the Duck Fat Fries, which were seasoned with herbs and salt.  It also comes with a poached egg yoke on top (photo).  Great stuff.PRICES:Everything at Happy Hour is $5.00 and it ends at 6:30 with the ringing of a cow bell.  Ahh, "we need more cow bells!"  LOL  Our bill came to $37.50 before taxes and gratuities, including two items to go and a soft drink ($2.50).Debbie Downer:Just before the check, we asked our server if we could order two items to go.  We also asked what the up-charge would be.  To our surprise, she said it would be the same price.As we were leaving, the Culinary Manager approached us and said: "We normally don't allow people to order off the Happy Hour menu to go."  As I stamered to say we had checked first with our server, she said: "I'm going to let it go this time, but don't do it again."
4	I drove by this place many times and it never really stands out. One night i was on yelp and came across this place. Decided to start reading and research this place. It sounded interesting so i wanted to give it a try. A buddy of mine wanted to grab dinner so i said lets try the salty sow. the ambiance was different, but in a good way. Sat at the bar and ordered a drink. I forgot what it was, but it wasn't too bad. Unfortunately i wasn't too hungry so i just ordered the mini lamb burger off of the happy hour menu and i also wanted to try the duck fat fries that everyone talks about. Lamb burger was pretty delicious but the duck fries werent that great. My buddy got the tacos and he that they were delicious. Hes a hard very person to please, but he was impressed as was I.I went back again a few days later with a different buddy of mine whos in the resturant business. He ordered the tacos too and he was impressed. I had the fried chicken and it was delicious! The touch of rosemary was refreshing in the chicken.Im surprised that a restaurant like this is in this area. I would expect it to be somewhere closer to old town, they def dont get the recognition that they deserve. Everyone ive asked that lives in AZ hasnt heard about it, the Salty Sow should do some more advertising. This place really is a a real gem and i hope they stay for a very long time.
3	This place had a lot of pork type stuff (of course you knew that). So, bring one of the minority that isn't huge into bacon or pork, I had a long look at the menu before deciding on a burger for my dinner. It was good and very tasty, but the flavors are extremely savory. So you must be ready for that and possibly have a glass of water or something light to drink and not a heavy beer (which I ordered, of course). Alas, it was a decent date night place but not on my favorites list.
4	Delightful, delicious, and divine! This was the first stop my wife and I popped into on our weekend trip to Scottsdale.   As soon as we sat down the waitress tried to get us in for the tail end of happy hour which put a smile on my face immediately. My wife, our friend and I  ordered a couple signature cocktails a beef shoulder taco and some deviled eggs. The taco was tender, flavorful and surprisingly big! The only downer to this mouthwatering side was that there was only 1 of them for a $5 price tag, but it was very good and  astonishingly large. I am not a huge fan of deviled eggs but I'll always try something once and I was pleasantly surprised with the small bite i took.    Now for the main coarse. I ordered the pork chop, my wife went with the french dip and we both quenched our thirsts with a couple beers. No complaints on the french dip or the pork chop but when I wasn't really feeling my beer selection the waitress happily exchanged it for another. Overall my impression of Salty Sow was awesome! The service was above and beyond, with a promptness that impressed my whole party. The food was pretty good and the atmosphere was very comfortable. I would absolutely come back here and I highly recommend this gastro pub to anyone looking for some delicious cocktails and good eats.
4	Short version: good food, mediocre service, in a Walmart parking lot???Not as short version: this place has a cool hip vibe on the inside that rivals restaurants in Scottsdale. It's a welcome change to this area but I can't get over the oddly placed location. It's located right next to a Walmart. That doesn't bother me so much as it worries me that they're not hitting the right demographic but that's the marketing person in me. I had some pork shoulder and it was tender and juicy. Had some baked potatoes and those were good too. I'd say its a little more on the expensive side but nothing unexpected for the atmosphere. Besides you can walk to Walmart and save money there!
5	Love this place!  The decor is great...not overdone, but comfortable.  The bartenders were amazing...so much personality and let us try a few things before making up our minds on drinks.  The happy hour specials are amazing...you don't want to miss it.  Next time, definitely trying some of the delicious sounding and looking food.
4	Eating here was a treat.  The service was great, and food even better.  The drink I had was a bit light.  I describe the food as American soul food, with a unique flare.  When I mean American soul food, from different parts of our great country, like collard greens, beet salad and pistachio, pork belly entrees, fried veggies, beignet and ice cream, which is what I had and all foods that may not be the healthiest, but oh so good in taste.  This will be a place to return to, to venture other tasty dishes.
5	I could definitely say this is one of my favorite places. Not only is the food amazing, the staff is awesome! My go-to item is the beef shoulder. It makes you feel so homey and I'll be sending my boyfriend there for that when I'm sick. We've tried many items but haven't gotten to everything yet. Start with the eggplant fries and the truffled deviled eggs! They also have a tasting menu that is changed every week. I've been very pleased with that so far because I like to have a variety of things. The happy hour is great too! They serve awesome pork shoulder tacos with a fried egg inside and its my favorite. Sadly, those are only available during happy hour. But who cares! Happy hour is the best hour :)
4	Great new find around PV mall!  Finally a place that is new and interesting. Awesome patio!  We will be back for sure! Happy hour from 4:30-6:30pm, $5 beers and bites. Cute place and good food!
4	Great atmosphere, eclectic menu, great service at a fair price.  Everything I like in a restaurant.  The goat cheese fritters were amazing, but need to ask for more bread if you order.  The crispy thighs were good, but looking forward to ordering more items off their varied menu.
4	I love Gastropubs.  Fancy cocktails, craft beers and small bites that are a tad on the heavy side.  This place didn't disappoint.  Blood orange margarita, old fashioned with  maple syrup.  All beers from AZ.  Nice touch.The triple duck fat fries seemed to be single fried but the egg and dipping sauce were good.  The pate was nice and the bone marrow was rich.  I had the pork belly which was nicely proportioned.Each item I've had was just a little less than perfect but the prices were more than reasonable.  Ambiance is nice with an open kitchen that seemed to have a small chef's table.This place has the kind of menu I like and the prices to allow me to stay all night.
4	Wanted to go to a gastropub, and ended up here.This is a really nice place inside.  Comfortable seating of all types.  A big bar.  The kitchen is wide open for all to see.  The restrooms are clean and nice, too.We ordered;  triple fried duck fries (excellent fries), chicken liver mousse (this was absolutely excellent - could not stop eating), bone marrow (very good flavor),  candied pork belly (quite good).Thoruoughly enjoyed my experience here.  The service was excellent.Also tried 3 of their tasy signature drinks; maple glazed old fashioned, frozen 'rita, and another.A great place to dine!
4	The halibut and the Brussels Sprout Caesar salad was awesome! Great wine list! Decor is fabulous! We will be back!
3	I have been visiting The Sow since they opened, generally the food is delicious. However, recently their food quality has gone down.  I ordered the fried chicken and biscuits, and the chicken was not completely cooked.  Additionally, the roast beef sandwich was not as rare as I remember it being which was disappointing because that is one of the non-modifiable items.  That sandwich had so much more flavor when it was nice and rare.  The tacos on the lunch and happy hour menu are still the best for continuous quality.
5	Knew I was going to like this place the first time I came. It's the only restaurant I've been to where I'm depressed when I order... Knowing that I am missing out on everything else on the menu. Do not be afraid to take a doggie box home. The food is just as good the next day. Try the Duck Confit Fettuccine. About a dozen flavors hit your pallet in a swirl of ecstasy. The Truffled Deviled Eggs are amazing.
2	The Salty Sow has a great atmosphere but it's a bit over priced & not a very good value.  We ordered the charcuterie and cheese board, which was very good.  The service was very prompt.  However, I asked the waiter for a recommendation between one of two salads for my entree.  Based on his recommendation I chose the Trout Salad, which was good but was very small and was only half the size of the other salad for the same price.  Unfortunately this left me not feeling very satisfied, particularly since I spent $40 for two drinks, a small salad and an appetizer split 4 ways.  If I'm spending that much I shouldn't be leaving the restaurant hungry.
5	Really good!! Do yourself a favor and order the pork belly......or anything for that matter
4	The open kitchen really allows you to get an appreciation for how much the chefs run around and never stop. The food was superb. The triple fried fries were astounding and surprisingly light. The braised shoulder brought me back to my childhood. It fell apart under my fork and the taste was immaculate. The lamb burger was succulent and the Brussels sprout cesear is a light option that had amazing flavors. The only downside of this place is that it is very loud and hard to hear the people you are eating with.
2	Not impressed. Decor: good. Service: great. Food: this is really the best you can do?I went to Salty Sow during restaurant week. I was honestly pretty excited about my meal. I got a Copper State Mule to start (good, but not anything special - vodka, ginger beer, lime on ice). My first course was an endive salad. Pretty flavorless, except for the bleu cheese which overpowered everything. My second course was suckling pig topped with a fried egg. It was easily the most disappointing part of my meal. I don't know what part of the pig I was eating, but it was not appetizing. Some of it was chewy, some was tender (good), some of unrecognizable (not good at all). The fried egg added absolutely nothing to the dish. The steamed cabbage at the bottom of my plate lacked basic salt and pepper. For desert, I had homemade ricotta cheese that was topped with honey, dates, golden raisins, and cranberries with a side of toasted baguette. I'm all about simple deserts, but this, although good, did not wow me. Portion sizes were small and I felt like I was paying a lot for what I got (even at restaurant week prices). It may be a good place to grab a drink with friends, but as far as food goes, I think you'd have a much better meal elsewhere.
5	Salty Sow is a jewel in the neighborhood.  The food us gourmet quality so the folks n the neighborhood don't have to drive North or to South Scottsdale.  Absolutely eat here.
5	I have been here a few times now, and I love the food, atmosphere and service.  The crispy brussel sprouts and pork shoulder are my favs.
5	Wonderful charcuterie platter. Two types of buttery pate, perfectly crispy/chewy toast, awesome Andouille sausage (two pieces was not enough!), outstanding goat cheese.  The farmhouse salad was also excellent.  And my first try of a 110-degree egg.  Interesting. Cheesy grits were good, but some chipotle or chile would make the much better.  Such a pleasant atmosphere and patio.  And our server was very friendly, talkative, not rushed, and had great suggestions and opinions about the food.  My only wish is, some place would do a choose-your-own charcuterie board: maybe a board with 5 constants and then, like pizza toppings, you pick 5 more from a list. On this list I would include some more pickled things, maybe even some Korean-pickled things like kimchi, and some spicy things.
2	My husband, son, and I went to this restaurant, sat at our table reviewing the menu. We found that the menu didn't match up to their website. We were unable to find anything that we were even remotely interested in ordering. So we left. The staff was very nice and understanding about it. They do have a very nice staff, that's for sure! I guess this restaurant just wasn't for us...2 stars for the staff!!
3	Given the location of this place it offers a nice variety of food choices.  It's a mix between business and casual and pretty fancy so it's a nice atmosphere. I'll give it another chance before I decide if I'll go there frequently or on special occasions.
4	The Hubby and I were able to come for dinner last night, and we enjoyed it.  We started with the duck fat fries with the egg and Bearnaise, it was very very good.  The Bearnaise was very tarragon flavored, which I liked.  I had the crispy chicken thighs the Hubby had a burger and we both enjoyed our meals.  I appreciate well seasoned food, but my meal was over salted a bit too much.  Other than that, it tasted great.  The fingerlings were awesome and the chicken skin was sooo crisp, very good!  I liked that the use of fresh herbs stood out, but didn't take over.  We finished with the creme brulee and it was also very good, thick rich custard, smooth, perfect.
2	This is my second time giving this place a chance. But both times, especially this last time has been subpar in both management and food. The decor was good (except for the lighting). But with the constant overcrowding around the table, by staff, and the horribly mixed classic 70s rock (which did not go with the atmosphere) it felt short of anything you'd expect to be decent.The food overall was not what you'd want it to be. It's a farmhouse restaurant that just seems like it's trying to upstage itself.The duck fries are NOT that great, and not worth the price. I had a fish platter and it was overly seasoned, had a ton of unnecessary asiago cheese on it and the veggies were overcooked. Everything else just fell flat.Don't let the reviews hype this place. Honestly, it's not worth the money nor the time.
4	Fun place to go for hh. They have a good selection and good prices. This is now my go to place since sanctuary raised their hh prices. Try the street tacos they are delicious and good sized. I haven't been here for dinner yet but hope to soon and will update my review
5	Wow wow wow. Start to finish dam good food.  Service AMAZING!  We love this place. It our new hang out.
5	My husband and I visited Salty Sow with our 5 year old son tonight (by the way, its not meant for kids but mine loved the food anyway).  I'll open with the fact that I have absolutely nothing negative to say, so you don't have to wait to find out if there's a gripe in this review!  :)The food is amazing!  We had the duck fries as an appetizer, and the three of us couldn't stop eating them.  Next I had the Green Chile Pork Stew (which as actually an appetizer, but it made a meal).  I loved it and the portion was so generous I brought some home.  My husband had the Slow Cooked Beef Shoulder.   We had this dish last time we were there and once again it was perfect and he cleaned the dish!  We got the Crisp Chicken Thighs for my son, and hands down that's the best chicken I've ever eaten in my life.  Obviously a five year old didn't finish it, and I'm looking forward to having it left over.  For dessert, we had the Banana's Foster, which was just delicious.  It was another very generous portion that we finished because we couldn't stop.Our waiter's name was Sean and he made this (very infrequent) night out as great as I could have hoped.  His level of service was stellar.  He was friendly, funny, very helpful, and efficient.  I really felt like our experience was important to him.  I also encountered other staff who either brought out food or just checked on us, and their professionalism was just as impressive.  During our visit, a man and a woman who were obviously managers stopped by to make sure we were enjoying ourselves, and the lady manager even went out of her way to suggest I could have more tortillas to go with my stew, and brought them back to me herself.  Start to finish, this experience was excellent.  The food and portions were appropriate for the price we paid, and I left happy.  Highly recommended to ANYONE.  Thank you all for a great night with my family!
5	Everything we ate was delicious. Service and atmosphere was great. Quickly went into my top 5 valley restaurants for date night.
5	This place is a MUST! The service is 2nd to none and the food is off the chart. You will not be disappointed.
5	We love the different foods and server Dana is great!
5	Great environment! Really great food! I live right around the corner and will definitely becoming back! Thank you! Tip: order the deviled eggs..soooo delicious!
5	Had an awesome experience in the bar yesterday. Had a few cocktails and appetizers. The duck fat fries were great. I cook my potatoes in bacon fat so I was used to a great flavor. What really topped it off was the poached egg on top.I'm a total whore for an egg on anything.Brussels sprouts were darn good and so were the potato-bacon-tot things.Solid old-fashioneds and nice pours all around.Open kitchen like I love and the food coming out looked spot on.Five stars for now. Will review again after I have a meal.Note that they are not open for lunch on the weekend. BUMMER
5	All I have to say is that you can die happy once you have eaten the Halibut. Melted in my mouth. Bed of vegetables it sat on top of were perfectly tender but not overdone.Honestly, I have never had this feeling after having a fish dish. I cannot wait to go back. I also loved being able to see into the kitchen . The chefs are easy on the eyes too.
5	WHY has no one reviewed the Pork Ragout?  Well I'm about to remedy that.   This is Zan, posting on Janet's profile, because I can.  So a friend of ours came to visit and we wanted to take her to dinner.  Salty Sow is right around the corner from our house, and we've been wanting to try it.  It was this, or BBQ and our friend hates BBQ (what?). So we packed ourselves into the car for that one block (yeah, I know... but I knew we'd stuff ourselves and have a hard time rolling back home), and showed up at the old Sow.  It was a Monday night, so it wasn't terribly crowded, and we were seated right away.  I wish I could remember our server's name, because he was very nice and on top of everything from the moment we sat down.  Sorry, man!  But if you remember 3 larger women coming in and acting like we were drunk off our asses, laughing and giggling at everything... that was us.  We weren't drunk, promise- this is just how we are when we get together.   Anyway, so because we had read so much about the duck fat fries, of course we had to try that.  Being Monday night, it was Happy Hour all night long, so we got the smaller Happy Hour version.  Glad we did, but wish we didn't.  We ended up eating so much that night, glad we saved the room.  But wish we didn't because they were just. that. good.  Janet had recently been to Gordon Ramsay's London restaurant in LA with her daughter, and loved their duck fat fries... but she said hands down, Salty Sow's were far better.  And the Bearnaise sauce was really tasty.  While we were chowing down on those fries, Janet and our friend decided on drinks.  Janet had the Mojito, I believe... and it was strong!  They do not skimp on the booze here... very nice.  Josie, our friend, had the Salty Sow Sparkling Sangria.  She was a little confused by the mint leaves they put in there, but overall really enjoyed it.  I was the DD, and even for just one block I had myself a Coke... it was very Coke-like.Next up were the main courses.  Our waiter (really wish I could remember his name) recommended Josie try the Crisp Chicken Thighs, and said Janet's choice of the Bacon and Eggs was an excellent one.  When I chose the Pork Ragout, though, his eyes about glazed over.  I knew right then I had chosen well.So the meals arrived, and we dug in.  Josie enjoyed the chicken, but was absolutely in love with the little crispy fingerling potatoes the chicken rested on.  I had a bite myself, and the chicken was moist and delicious, but I agree- those potatoes rocked.  Janet's bacon and eggs over grits were quite good, but maybe because I'm a huge crispy bacon fan, I wasn't that impressed with the pork belly.  It didn't have any crunch, and the flavor was lacking to me.  BUT it was tasty enough that I have zero complaints.  But oh my goodness, when that ragout was placed in front of me, I knew I was in for a treat- and was I right.  The tomato sauce was perfect, didn't overpower the pork or the polenta.  The pork was tender and flavorful.  And the polenta was creamy and, I think, even a little cheesy.  But the combo of flavors with the basil and the parmesan was amazing.  The flavors just burst in my mouth and I was thisclose to actually licking my plate clean.  Sadly, our main courses came to an end and we sat and mourned a few moments, before deciding on dessert!So because we were so impressed with our meals at the Salty Sow, we felt like it would be travesty to not indulge in their sweets.  Now, I'm a salty/sweet fiend, so the Butterscotch Boudino really called out to me... but then, so did the Bananas Foster Beignets.  Janet, on the other hand, was craving chocolate, so she wanted to try the Dark Chocolate Truffle Cake.  We figured Josie would be the tie breaker.  So when she chose the Bananas Foster Beignets, I thought that would be that.  Nope!  Janet insisted we try ALL THREE!!  Oh yeah....commence drooling.  Let's start with the cake.  I'm not a dark chocolate fan, so I passed.  Janet said it was actually a little TOO sweet, so she had a few bites and we took the rest home.  The BFB as they shall be called from here on, were amazeballs, as Josie might say.  Wait... would Josie say that?  Who says that?  Anyway... the fried batter was crispy and sweet, but not too sweet.  The bananas had a very tasty honey sauce that wasn't too overpowering, either.  And the ice cream was good, too.  Nothing to really write Yelp about, but decent.  Overall, a fantastic dessert.  But that Boudino?  Oh my word... my taste buds had died and gone to heaven.  The Boudino itself is a pudding of sorts- it had the texture and taste of cheesecake to us.  It was light and fluffy and perfect.  The whipped cream/Creme Fraiche added a nice variety of texture, and the butterscotch sauce was smooth and perfectly salty sweet, just as I like it... and the added touch of a little sea salt on top was a delightful surprise.  I'm bringing EVERYONE here now!  And I'm outta room... more details on the next visit, promise!
4	Loved there happy hour! The fries were good but not spectacular my favs were the fried chicken and the beef taco. We also had the banana foster beignets for dessert which was a great way to finish. Going to have to come back to try the other desserts and reg menu.
4	The food was very good!! Everything we ordered was tasty. The service was excellent! Highly recommend this place.
4	Tried this place the other night with a fellow Yelper! It's good to know that we have Chef Marmulstein in the area since he will be featured at the James Beard House.Great atmosphere and ambiance at Salty Sow. Tried the crispy Brussels sprout leaves as a starter and that was great. Really enjoyed the crispy twist with the Brussels. Was a little upset since my first choice for dinner, rotisserie-roasted pork had just ran out. So my second option was the Asiago-Crusted Halibut, it was superb. My friend had the slow-cooked beef shoulder which came in a black iron pot.All in all I enjoyed this place. Ordered the chocolate mouse truffle for dessert and YUM!
5	Best charcuterie platter in TOWN!  The Brussels sprout Caesar salad was ridiculously good.  We went on a sunday so we opted for the porchetta roast specail- with crispy skin. FANTASTIC.  The star dessert is the bananas foster beignets- the best dessert I've ever had in my life, it almost made me cry...
5	Wake up Phoenix ! You have an outstanding restaurant in your midst! Michael our server was great and the food is off the charts good. Sunday night pork is amazing. I had the scallops, wow best I have had in ages and I love scallops. We will be going again while we are here, maybe more than one more time! Wish we had a place like this in Dallas.
4	Really yummy food, but like the name a bit salty. I had the bacon and eggs: creamy grits with pork belly and an egg. Really good, but it was salty. And I like salt, a lot of salt. But the salt was coming from the grits, not the pork belly. Wine was good, Brussels sprouts were good, dessert was great. Service was also great: Nate was super attentive. I'll go back, I'll just get something different. My hubs meal of the fried chicken thighs way also tasty.
5	Excellent food and service.  The beef shoulder dish was the definition of comfort food.  They have a nice selection of beers and the chocolate cake for dessert really hit the spot!
5	Ok this place is truly outstanding ! Third time in 2 weeks. Michael took wonderful care of us again. Everything we have tried has been wonderful. We are working our way through the menu and the drink menu too. If we had this place in Dallas  we would eat here once a week especially with waitstaff like Michael. Go try it and let Michael suggest  what to have , you won't be disappointed !
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants. The atmosphere is laid back, the food is delicious and the customer service is fantastic. I ordered the braised pork shoulder over mash potatoes with an egg on top, it was simply to die for. Tasty, tender, delicious! To top it off was one of my favorite Four Peaks bears, the Kilt Lifter!  There happy hour looks fantastic, think I will try that next.
3	I was a bit underwhelmed by my first visit to Salty Sow.  The menu looked extremely appealing but something just fell short.  I went with a friend and we each ordered appetizers to split and a cocktail.  I ordered the Curly Tail for my drink (described on the menu as: Camarena tequila, cilantro, serrano, blood orange, smoked salt rim).  There was just too much salt in this margarita.  I'm a fan of a margarita with salt on the rim, however too much salt got into the drink itself so it was almost like double salt between the rim and what was in the drink.  Also, there was a wonderful kick from the serrano...just the right amount of heat, but little flavor from the blood orange.  For food we ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes and Guacamole along with the Green Chili Pork Stew.  The tomatoes had great flavor but were overly greasy.  The guacamole is some of the best that I have ever had.  Again, spot with the heat from the pepper in their recipe.  I would never have thought to put guacamole on fried green tomatoes, but I am glad the chef did!  The pork stew was the same recipe as the Roaring Fork, and the recipe never disappoints.Service was a little bit slow, but we weren't waiting too long for anything.  Decor is very fun.  It is a kitschy upscale feel.I want to go back and give the place another shot.  I would definitely order some different options though.
4	Hmmmm....salty pig parts. This place is great.  I wish it was on my side of town because I would be a frequent guest.  From the nice beer selection to the solid happy hour specials to the delicious dinner entrees I never encountered anything I'd change (high praise from an egomanic).  The bacon (pork belly) and eggs was especially good as were the tacos.  If you're in the northern part of Phoenix/Scottsdale you should swing by here soon and give it a try...unless you don't eat pork.  If that's the case, why are you reading reviews of a place called the "Salty Sow"???
4	The food is awesome, the drinks are great!The reason I gave them 4 stars is because in their drinks they put one BIG ice cube. That takes up a lot of the drink space AKA beverage real-estate. But the vibe is awesome for happy hours.
4	Don't let the menu or the name of the restaurant fool you, the SALTY SOW is OFF THE HOOK!!!!!! Comfort food at it's best! I suggest ordering a few dishes and sharing, it's that good. The pork ragu with polenta is AMAZING!!! So are the tacos and the french fries. I can go on and on and on!!!!!I don't suggest bringing your little kids here, especially if they are picky eaters. I do suggest coming here for a date with your better half. Live music on the patio as well.AWESOME! AWESOME AWESOME!
5	Only here for HH, but it's great. Brussel sprouts appetizer is sublime.  Tacos are solid and an unexpectedly good fried chicken and sweet potato biscuit. A great choice for a slightly upscale dinner. Probably a touch better than Roaring Fork at this point, and for the location, its probably the best option.
4	Hungry? Don't feel like putting a lot of thought into what you're having for dinner? Eat pork? Let me help: Rotisserie Roasted Pork Shoulder on the Brussels Sprout Caesar ($14) and a glass of Liar's Dice zinfandel ($13/$11 on happy hour). No need to thank me. Knowing the pleasure I experienced has carried on is thanks enough! ;)
5	This may end up in my fave restaurants list. A group of us went here for our little dinner club one night. It's a cute, farmhouse feel with a cool bar and open kitchen and I'm not gonna lie, we chose this because I love the name : Salty Sow. It's different and almost comfort food amped up. As in, the pig has style, so make her fancy for the night. That's what I love. The chef twists a simple pork shoulder and makes it a little more fancied and decks it out in a little cast iron pot. We had sangria, margaritas,  a old fashioned and wine with dinner. Our apps were the deviled eggs and fritters. We know how to represent the piggy kingdom! My mom had the halibut and it was divine. We ordered the biscuits, as well. No one left hungry or dissatisfied; in fact we all loved it. Our waiter was sweet, attentive and knew his drinks and menu very well. I have some food allergies and he made sure to explain how it could be, well, fixed to this swines seemingly picky ways. We shared the bananas foster beignets.. A must but a 'must share' because they are sweet and rich. Oink. Oink.
5	We absolutely love everything about this place! The food is amazing and the service is always perfect. Our family from the UK said it was the best meal they have ever eaten.
4	A nice find for foodies in an unsuspecting outlot by the Walmart.  Service was great and the food was even better.  We ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes at the recommendation of the server.  Unfortunately the app arrived at our table after the salad due to a lost ticket in the kitchen which is the only reason why I give this restaurant 4 stars instead of 5.  The Farm Salad was wonderful and my mom mentioned the dressing was probably the best she's ever tasted and was big enough for us to share.  I ordered the Bacon & Eggs which was rich and delicious.  Mom ordered the Bacon wrapped pork filet and the flavor permeated throughout the meat.  It had unbelievable flavor.  I had the Full Moon Belgium Wheat which was really nice if you like belgium wheat beers.  Salty Sow was an amazing find.
5	The Salty Sow is located in a strip mall across from Paradise Valley Mall.  The interior is spacious, fresh and nicely done.   We had  the special which was trout with sweat potato and green beans and the pork filet minion wrapped in bacon.  These dishes had fresh ingredients and were five star hands down.  Prices were around $20 for entries.  The menu had some variety but was a comfort food focus around pork.  While not crowded the place had many customers and was noisey.  If you are looking for a good meal try the Salty Sow.
5	I could not believe how good the food and service is at the Salty Sow.  Our waiter Michael explained how the food was prepared and we asked for his recommendations, what a patient and wonderful server!  The fried chicken appetizer was so good when I took the first bite I could not wait to eat more.  I think I was shaking it was so good!  I wanted more and more... My friend and I also shared the brussel sprout leaves, fabulous! and the french fries and a pork taco and  side of guacamole.  The best I ever had!  I can't wait to go back and try some other items on the menu.  I feel so fortunate to be seated in this restaurant because once the word gets out I know there will be people waiting to get in for a fabulous gastronomical experience!  Did you know the chef has a James Beard award?  Hallelujah!  What a fun time I had eating at this establishment!
5	UNBELIEVABLY AMAZING!  Not only the food but the excellent waiter, Shawn. My son and I went there for the first time tonight and can't wait to go back. We asked Shawn to suggest our food and we went with it, the best meal we have had in a long time.  The appetizer, eggplant fries, terrific! My entree, Bacon & Eggs, I have to admit I was nervous to go with it, but was pleasantly shocked. The other meal was Beef Shoulder, so good and such great flavor. And last but not least the dessert, that was probably THE BEST dessert ever, Banana Fosters. Thank you again Shawn, we will see you soon and I will definitely get the Bacon & Eggs again!
5	*****PORK-GASM!!!!! ****** (That's all I can say....dropping the microphone). Enjoy!
5	This place is legit. Hit happy hour here this week and had multiple excellent small dishes including the green chili stew (awesome and spicy) the fried chicken (super good) the pork belly taco (basically a breakfast taco) and the duck fat fries (of course delicious). Also had a couple of their specialty old fashions which are done quite well. Did not have a single bad bite. Will be back for sure.
5	(Lyrics - Lady Gaga - Bad Romance)You know that I taste itAnd you know that I ordered itI want it bad, at the Salty SowI want your drinks andI want your baconYelp and me could write about the Salty Sow(Oh-oh-oh--oh-oooh!)I want your pork andAll your chocolate baconYelp and me could write about the Salty SowOh-oh-oh-oh-oooh-oh-oh-oh-oooh-oh-oh-oh!Happy Hour at the Salty SowOh-oh-oh-oh-oooh-oh-oh-oh-oooh-oh-oh-oh!Happy Hour at the Salty SowRah-rah-ah-ah-ah-ah!Rama-ramama-ahSalty-ooh-la-la!Want some Salty SowSalty Sow is straight out of Austin, Texas and the Chef is offering up a James Beard menu so get your name on the list if you can!  I've been here for a Yelp event and came back once more for Happy Hour.  I ordered their pork belly tacos and stuffed mushrooms.  The stuffed mushrooms came first and I thought it was pretty tasty! A top with some pork sausage and parmesan cheese, this starter had some pop.  All 3 ingredients had its distinct taste and vied for position on my palate; no matter it's going to end in the same place haha!  The star of the night was the pork belly tacos -- Yummy!  Topped with an over-easy egg and arugula! Uh! Food-porn did this delicious bite no justice!  Needless to say you must come here to try it and understand what I'm talking about.  The saltiness of the bacon combined with the settle bitterness of the arugula mixed with the creaminess of the egg ---- oooooo! - Enjoy!
5	This was our second time to Salty Sow - since the first was such a good experience. We invited another couple with us to celebrate their anniversary, they enjoyed it as well (their first time). The food is great, service is on their game, waiter and bussing staff, and the wine selection is very good. Also, the red wine is kept at the right temperature (about 60 degrees); Too often restaurants don't pay attention to this detail.The atmosphere is inviting, boisterous but not too loud. Though this boarders on fine/eclectic dinning, it is very casual. The outdoor seating is also great!
5	I'll admit, I'm kind of obsessed with this place. In fact, my hubby had to hold a minor intervention when I was visiting multiple times per week!The staff is great, the food is AMAZING-I haven't tried a thing I didn't like, and they have great happy hour specials. It's a must-try!
5	best place for appitizers!!! pricey food but really good
4	Been here twice and plan to go back for a third time next week! It's accommodating for all sizes of groups. Happy hour drink deals are good, and they have a great selection and fun cocktails. The copper mule is delicious! The happy hour food is very filling for small plates. The pork chile was amazing and super spicy. The duck fat fries are to die for, and pork tacos are delicious, too. But one of my favorites has been the fried green tomatoes with guacamole. Yum! Service is good as well. Super friendly and have never had to wait too long for a table, food or a refill. The patio is really cozy and enjoyable. The landscaping is done so well that you'd never guess that the place is nestled in a Wal Mart parking lot next to the oh so classy Tilted Kilt. And the live acoustic music on the weekend is a nice touch. One of my new favorites, for sure!
4	The food was very good and I server Michael was very engaging. A fun place to have dinner.
1	I am severly disappointed in the class and dishonesty of the staff. I regrettably forgot to grab my sunglasses off of my table after having a great dining experience with a dear friend. There is no where they could have gone but in an employee's possession. For this reason I will never recommend or repeat a visit to this establishment.
3	We'd heard about this cool new place.  Went back for happy hour, but the trendy menu with off-putting descriptions like 'duck fat' just didn't make it with us.  Although the elderberry liquer sangria is fabulous!
3	Great dinner date night spot!  Nice modern but cozy spot near pv- we came in at 9 pm reservation but would have been fine not to have a reservation at that time.  We were seated on the far west wall booths- was not too loud in the restaurant as it was not very busy.I had the Blanche royale margarita which is the house blood orange margarita with Chambord and the hubs had a beer.  Once he tried my margarita he said he wished he had gotten a marg too! We started with the chorizo mushrooms and that was a great bite!! Loved the 6 yummy mushrooms and bread to soak the oil up.  Unfortunately the bread didn't seem fresh. It wasn't crusty or soft- just really tough.  I'd appreciate a lighter toast... Or a grilled rustic bread instead. We got the chefs vegetable selection which was delicious- very light and straightforward. Lightly seasoned fresh ingredients included roasted cauliflower, lentils/quinoa, arugula, brocolini, grilled Bok choi, and a raw fennel & apple salad.  The cooked ingredients were delicious but the fennel & apples would have greatly been enhanced with a light vinegarette or perhaps a dressing on the side of the tray. The plain arugula did not annoy me as much but still would have benefitted from a dipping sauce option.We also had the farm salad I think it was.  I remember the chewy bacon and creamy dressing.Overall good but not outstanding.  Our server was very nice and professional.  We most likely will be back again to sample more menu items.
5	This place is incredible.Service was outstanding.  The food was delicious.  The duck fat fries and tacos were our favorites.My fiancee said the drinks were strong and tasty.  They have all-night Happy Hour on Mondays & Tuesdays.We will definitely be back.  If you haven't been in yet, don't miss it!
1	First time we went here we found a strange menu and tiny expensive weak drinks. Second time the service was not good so we left after spending $15 on 2 tiny weak drinks. Tried it again last night - we had a coupon for a free entree. $75 for a brussel sprout salad that was so tough it hurt my jaw - yes it was salad - halibut that was soggy & had a topping that tasted like bile, broccolini that was lukewarm & also tough, my boyfriends "steak" wasnt even steak it was roast beef & served in a cookpot instead of a normal plate. What the point of that was, was beyond us. That and 4 drinks. So for $75 we got a salad, one entree & 4 drinks. The atmosphere was the only thing we like about the place.
4	Me and a friend went for happy hour and dinner here at 5.30 and it was packed! very popular place and for all the right reasons. We asked for a table and they said 15 minutes so we grabbed a drink at the bar. It was crazy busy and we ordered a mule and a miss piggy to drink. Both good but I have had them before here and they didnt garnish them like they did before, probably because they were so busy. We had to go ask for our table 30 minutes later and got sat right away but it took another 10 minutes for a waitress to come, she was very busy but friendly and efficient. We grabbed another round and some appetizers which were delicious on happy hour the deviled eggs and the pate both were really good. For main we ordered the french dip and bacon and eggs. Both were delicious but very filling. We had the lemon bar for dessert and shared which was just right for two people. Also on Fridays they have live music which was really cool too. Definitely would go back just make sure you get there early!
5	We finally made it to Salty Sow and will  definitely be back. We started with drinks at their great open air bar . When we decided to eat , we were lucky enough to get Kayla as a server. We started with the duck fries and truffled eggs, both were delicious.For dinner, we had the crispy chicken thighs which we're amazing and the shredded pork as well. Food  was delicious and the restaurant has a great feel. Kayla took great care of us and was very informative. Unfortunately we were too full and missed out on dessert. What a great addition to the PV area.
5	Absolutely fabulous dinner! The service was superb! Our waitress was knowledgeable and friendly and the food lived up to every expectation. The bourbon bread pudding was incredible. Will come back again, not a problem
5	Discovered this place during business trip to Scottsdale. Loved it so much went back twice! Fabulous happy hour, great small dishes, fun vibe, and decent beer/wine selection. Live music on Thurs, Fri nights & festive outdoor patio area with big screen tv's & gathering spots to hear the music or to just chill. Pork ragout with asiago polenta and basil was killer (scrumptious!) & the fried green tomatoes were good too. Wish I'd had the duck fries though. Our first night's service with Lauren (during a Thurs eve) was awesome & the live music (Ryan Sims) was fantastic; 2nd night back the bartender & our server weren't as attentive or stellar (maybe because it was a Sat night). Still, if I lived in the area, I'd be a regular here. The menu is incredible.
2	It was our first time there. The service was great at first and then it got worse as the night went on. Our drinks and appetizer came out pretty quickly but we had to wait at least 45 mins for our entrees to be served. We should had said something when the people at the table next to us sat down and got their food before we did. When our food finally arrived it was lukewarm. We ate a few bites and took it home to heat it up. We told the server about it and she didnt say much about it and just said she was sorry.  The sad part about it ! It was our 33rd Anniversary.  The food was tasty but cold. I might give it another try, maybe happy hour would be good. Very Disappointed!
1	ordered a salad and the charcuterie platter and ended up with horrendous food poisoning. haven't recovered yet. something on the charcuterie platter had obviouslygone bad. had very positive experiences at this restaurant in the past but after two days of agony, I will not return. be careful with your food choices!
5	There's one sure-fire way to get me into a restaurant, and that is to serve a lamb burger.  On the red meat scale, lamb may not rate as highly as elk or venison, but it certainly beats out boring old beef.  Want a way to give your boring hamburgers a little bounce?  Make it out of lamb.So, of course, I had to try this place out.I arrived during the peak of the Saturday dinner rush (either that or this place is doing very, very well), and sat at the bar.  This gave me a perfect vantage point to view all the goings-on - the drink preparation, the hustle and bustle in a fast-moving kitchen, all the pomp and pretense of the well-to-do north Scottsdale crowd.  This is clearly the most happening evening spot in the immediate vicinity.When my juicy, medium-rare lamb burger and duck fat fries arrived in front of me, I immediately transformed into a vulture.  I drooled over my plate, my sensibilities comprised of satisfaction laced with empathy for my fallen prey.  It would be impossible to portray the restraint it took to pace myself.  I wanted to savor it, but I could not wait for the next bite.As the juices from the impeccably cooked ground lamb splashed upon my plate, adding an extra level to the flavor profile of my duck fat fries, I reflected on the handful of lamb burgers I had previously enjoyed.  This one was definitely one of the best, if not the very best.  It may even beat out that excellent lamb burger I had in Portland.I will admit, I have only eaten at Salty Sow but once, and it may seem premature to declare a verdict on a place after one visit.  But one a place serves up such an excellent lamb burger, and there aren't any glaring problems with the dining experience, it deserves credit.  This place is worth a visit or five.
4	The food was amazing! But.....we had to wait approximately 30 minutes to order our entree. We sat down, and our server promptly took our drink order.  He came back and we ordered duck fries.  He then came back another time and explained the specials, but then walked away without taking our order. Our Duck Fat Fries came out about ten minutes later, and they were good. They could have been a little hotter, but the flavor was right. After nearly finishing our fries, and waiting 20 minutes for the waiter to come back, we finally ordered our entree's. I had the Asiago Halibut, and my man had the Beef Shoulder. Both were amazing! The drinks were strong, and the ambiance was welcoming.We will definitely come back, I just hope that we have more attentive service next time.
5	Had date night last night with the Mrs.  Every dish was fantastic. Started with the deviled eggs and fried green tomatoes and guacamole. The guac was awesome.  Wife PV salad, good as always.  I had a special suckling pig and a side of wild rice and cauliflower. Wow. Ended with the bananas foster beignets.   Thanks to Beth and her great staff for a wonderful night out!
5	I've been wanting to go to this restaurant for quite sometime and boy was it worth it! The food and drinks were amazing. The concepts are so unique and I am in love with the ingredients. We had stuffed figs with prosciutto for our appetizer from the specials menu. The taste was amazing! My husband had the French dip which was cooked to perfection while I had the lamb burger which was also amazing! The staff and service was top notch and the ambiance is young and vibrant with live music on the weekends. We can't wait to go back!
4	A friend of mine has been talking to me about the Salty Sow for a few months now.  What took me so long?  The Pork Stew is Fabulous !  My sister took 2 servings home.  Our Server,Tony was outstanding!  The Wine he suggested, Troublemaker, was perfect!   Can't wait to back.  Taking my Husband SOON!   Thanks to my good friend, Chandler, for introducing me to my new favorite restaurant .
1	the food is very good but $24 for 4 scallops?  really... at least let me know that it is just an app and not a main course
5	Sean was one of the best waiters I have had in a long time. Not to mention the food was phenomenal!!! I can't wait til my trip to Austin so I can visit the salty sow again. Awesome night!
1	The food was mediocre at best. It had little flavor and pretty much everyone at the tables food showed up either cold or luke warm. Server was friendly enough but very very slow. The entire dining experience took just under two hours with no desert. This place seem like another one of those cool themed restaurants with no substance. Will not be going back again. I really wish restaurants in this day and age could focus on good food instead of decor.
4	Very good food and great service. We came here with some friends that recommended it to us a while back, finally they had enough waiting and took us.For appetizer, we ordered the chorizo stuffed mushrooms and they were VERY good. It came with some delicious bread (really good bread)For my meal, I ordered the Roast Beef french dip and it was delicious. A lot of meat, great portion, the au jus was also spot on.We will be back to try some new things on the menu
3	I have eaten here about 5 times. The food is good but the service is quite frustrating. It starts off great and then the service goes downhill. Refills for drinks are impossible and when they deliver the food it is impossible to ask for a condiment because the server just disappears. Once they up-sale cocktails and appetizers, the friendly service is gone. The last 3 times we could not get out in under 2 1/2 hours and never got a refill for the non-alcoholic drinks and waited over half hour for the check. We finally had to trap a different server to PLEASE find our server to get our check. Frustrating. I've stopped going and when asked I have suggested another restaurant where my business is valued. I feel that 5 visits is enough.  By the way I always tip over 20%, was a server, and genuinely never complain about service unless it's warranted. Service has to be good start to finish, not up until the order is taken.
4	My husband and I decided to go here at the last minute on a Friday evening when I didn't feel like cooking.  We made a reservation about an hour in advance and were seated immediately.  The decor is nice - I liked the colors, the textures, and the distressed brick.  It has an upscale gastropub feel.  There are long high top tables in the middle of the restaurant that looked like they held multiple parties of people, but we were seated in a booth.  The booths were very private, which we really liked.We got there at the tail end of happy hour, so we ordered our drinks and appetizers immediately.  We had the pork belly taco and the duck fat fries.  Both were excellent, and honestly if I had just ordered two tacos and the fries to myself it would have been the perfect meal.  I'll definitely return for the taco.For dinner my husband had slow-cooked beef shoulder and I had the bacon-wrapped pork filet mignon.  My husband's meal was better.  Mine was fine, but the whole dish was just a little too sweet for my liking.  After the smoky, meaty pork belly taco, I was wanting something similar in taste.  I would get something different next time.  We also had the bananas foster beignets for dessert.  They were soooo good!  All in all, I will definitely return to the Salty Sow.  It wasn't the best meal I've ever had in Phoenix, but it was still excellent - from ambiance, to service, to food - and I can't wait to come back and sample some more of the menu.
4	Even though our waiter stopped being so nice when he realized we were only there for drinks he was regularly attentive. I had the sangria which was AMAZING and enough of a taste of their style to make me look forward to my next visit~
4	Service is always great! Pricey, but the food is amazing and worth trying for a great date night. We love the happy hour...my favorite is the sangria even though I don't normally like white, their's is awesome!
5	Copper Mule to start followed by delicious Louisiana Boudin Fritters.  These fritters were great and spicy.  The rotisserie pork is outstanding!  Very tender and full of flavor.  Dessert was a rich chocolate truffle cake, again very awesome.  Our server was very helpful with suggestions and descriptions.  The open kitchen is a great touch, fun to watch the Chef's in action.
5	First Time here and been wanting to stop in and check this place out for a long time. Sat up at the bar and it was greeted by a fantastic bartender Angela. She really knows what she is doing, very helpful outgoing friendly intelligent and suggestive on many items. Exactly what you want for a new spot that you want to know more about. Excellent spot and we'll be coming back for more for sure. Keep up the great work Angela. :-)
5	Best place I've been to in several years. Didn't even realize it was Restaurant Week, but did one of their three course specials, had the beet salad, cod and butterscotch dessert. Everything was amazing, had the eggplant and deviled eggs for apps, also very good. Service was fantastic and a nice looking place with live music that wasn't too loud. My friends all enjoyed it as well. Will be back soon.
3	Dessert and beers were second to none. Appetizers and main course were subpar. Service was excellent.
5	One of the best places I've eaten in a while! As appetizers we got the Brussels sprout leaves and the green chili pork stew and we were pleasantly surprised. Normally my grandmother and aunt just get the Brussels sprouts but this time I convinced them to get the stew as well. First off don't judge a book by it's cover the Brussels sprouts are GREAT! They are crisped to perfection and mixed with raisins and bacon. The pork stew does have a kick to it but in the end the kick makes the dish! Alone they're delicious and together they're also delicious! It's a win win situation. While I'm sure I could just keep writing I'm sure it's safe to say that from how much I wrote about the appetizers alone this place is DEFINITELY worth a try!
4	Restaurant week dinner number 4.I met a fellow Yelper here for dinner - we decided to go early, to get at least one drink and an appetizer from the happy hour menu. So happy to learn happy hour is every day, and honored through the entire restaurant, not just the bar!The Brussels sprouts appetizer is amazing - I will start experimenting to replicate this at home. Quick fried shaved sprouts, tossed in agave with golden raisins and pecorino. Simple, but phenomenal!The bone marrow crusted in bacon and gruyere was incredible and so rich and perfect.The duck fat fries couldn't have been any better - serving them with the egg is brilliant!The farm salad looked great - I'll probably get that next time.I was a bit disappointed in the rotisserie pork. Nothing wrong with it - but not as good as when I make pork shoulder or picnic roast.I am looking forward to coming back - the happy hour menu has a nice selection of $5 plates - and the cocktails are well thought out and well executed.
5	Why, oh why, did we wait a whole year into moving here before trying out this place? You mean we could have been eating here for a WHOLE year by now?? Well, on the up side we did end up eating here and fell in love. We were directed this way via Yelp (of course) and the high volume of positive reviews - which obviously weren't lyin'. Knowing we wanted to try somewhere new, and diligently trying to check places off of our ever growing "bookmark" lists, this place popped up since we were at the Paradise Valley Mall, which is conveniently right across the street. Parked the car, and headed around the corner to the front entry way. Once inside the place oozed ambiance and the decor went from classy, high-end styled seats, to folksy art pig paintings on the wall and Edison-esque lighting. We  were ushered to a half booth, half high-top table spot close to the bar and our waitress (and her amazing trainee for the evening) greeted us pretty instantly. Menus were handed over and briefly explained. We were lucky enough to hit them for happy hour - which is seven, yes SEVEN, days a week! Whoo! That's a big win for us since during the work week it's difficult for me to get out of work in time for most happy hour offerings.When our waitress and trainee returned to the table, we explained that we were total noobs to this whole gig and she quickly offered up suggestions from apps, to drinks, to happy hour "must-try" small bites. We opted for the truffled deviled eggs app, my drink was the The Petey, his was a standard rum and coke, a so-called "small" plate of honey rosemary dipped fried chicken, a spit-roasted pork taco, and finally, a beef shoulder taco...all of the food was on the $5/each happy hour menu! I mean...it's $5...Eggs = holy cow, best deviled eggs...ever. The salty-bacon bits inside of the delectable truffle mix filling was unreal good. My drink came as a recommendation from the waitress and it was an amazing blend of refreshing citrus and mint along with a touch of tart grapefruit vodka and agave. The fried chicken and tacos, while supposedly "small" plates, were full on meals in and of themselves. The chicken was two full-sized large tenders smothered in what I can only say is honey sauce from heaven. The tacos were stuffed to the brim with meat and toppings. The pork and steak were done perfectly and the toppings, while plentiful, weren't added on to the point of being distracting from the meat, which is the point of a taco...am I right??Finally - and go ahead and judge our gluttony here, cause we are totally NOT regretful at all on this - we had TWO desserts, cause, we really honestly could not decide on just one. We went for the bananas foster beignets and the truffle chocolate cake. Seriously tell me you could pick just one of those...go ahead...I'll wait....Once they arrived, we did for half of a second regret ordering two cause these babies were ginormous offerings of dessert, for an extremely reasonable price point. The chocolate was my fave, but I'm a chocolate lover. That being said, if we had only ordered the banana dessert, I would have been completely happy.Overall: A+A-wait for it-mazing food. Great service from start to finish. Strong drinks. Happy hour ALL week long with great prices. BAM! We'll be back, no question there.
4	Stopped in for a drink and quick bite to eat. Been here once before briefly. Like the atmosphere and sat and that bar. I was greeted right away. The waitress let me know it was happy hour...on sat? Awesome!Ordered the Moscow mule as it was my first one ever...so good!!! I had two lol also had the truffled deviled eggs and crispy Brussels sprouts which were delish! Loved the classic rock music too :)
5	I don't want to "boar" you with a lengthy review, but I can't help but feel the need to sing the praises of this fine gastropub!  If there's such thing as Hog Heaven, we found it here.We were fortunate enough to be right next to Salty Sow when we decided 1) we were ready for dinner, and 2) we didn't have any particular food or restaurant we were craving at the time.  I remembered driving past it before, and that it was a place I had been wanting to try. Go me!We went inside and were greeted and seated promptly by the hostess.  Hungry AND no wait? Win!  The deco is modern with a farm/barn feel.  Lots of wood finishes, open layout, large centrally-located bar, and of course, the obligatory pig (and rooster) paintings on the wall.  So far, so good.We sat down and were greeted by our servers (one vet, one newbie).  Guess what?  It was happy hour, and we were provided with the appropriate menu.  The beautiful thing about their happy hour is that you can get a number of things for $5 each (their "bites" and "small plates").  Did I mention the full bar? Yep--$2 off wells and their "Signature Sips."  Bring me the rum, savvy?We started off with the truffle deviled eggs appetizer ($5).  How do you make deviled eggs better, you ask?  Well, my friend, let me enlighten you.  You make them with a touch of truffle and top them with bacon bits.  I felt like I was bi-winning by that point. Next up, duck fat fries.  Duck.  Fat.  Fries.  From this day forward, I will evermore be disappointed with every french fry I eat that isn't a duck fat french fry.  Damn you, Salty Sow! You've ruined me!  They are fried in duck fat (Captain Obvious to the rescue), then topped with a 110-minute egg and served with hollandaise sauce for dipping (think Benedict style).  I'm fairly certain that by the time I got to the end, I had my nose in the plate and was "rooting" around for hidden morsels.Next came the main course, a trio of items we chose from the $5 selection to share.  My wife picked the Honey Rosemary Dipped Fried Chicken (with Cat Head Sweet Potato biscuit), and I chose the Spit-Roasted Pork Taco (with sweet onion slaw, pickled onions, smoked tomato salsa, and cilantro aioli) and the Beef Shoulder Taco (with fried egg, arugula, and feta).  Now, I preface this by saying I don't call myself the "Taco Destroyer" for nothing.  Ask my wife and friends...I have an unhealthy obsession with tacos.  These tacos were delicious.  I ate half of each and (begrudgingly) gave the rest to my wife.OMG thank the gods I did.  I've had chicken and biscuits.  I've had chicken and waffles.  I've never had this.  My mouth waters and my stomach grumbles just thinking of that blend of salty and sweet, soft biscuit and crunchy breading, juicy chicken..............................................Sorry! Drifted off there for a second fantasizing about it.  I can neither confirm nor deny if I squealed while eating it.  Is there such thing as tri-winning?  Did I mention it was only $5 for happy hour...and enough to share????Next stop, dessert.  I have to admit, there was a problem with dessert--that problem being we couldn't decide between the bananas foster (think bananas foster, dipped and deep fried in a monte cristo like breading, topped with powdered sugar, and served with caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream) and chocolate cake dessert (topped with whipped cream, raspberry sauce, and strawberries).  How to solve the problem? Order both, naturally.  Hey, if you're gonna go, go all out.  Sound delicious?  Multiply it by 10.  Then you might be getting close.  Maybe.  Needless to say, we pigged out, thanked and tipped our waiters, and waddled to the car.  Pig puns aside, I only have one regret about the Salty Sow--we lived in Phoenix for an entire year before finding it.  My heart weeps to think of all those times I "settled" for a 4- or 5-star reviewed restaurant when I could have been dining here instead.
5	As a native Texan, I find this place reminds me of home.  Their collard greens are better than my Grandmother's.  The pork belly is OMG amazing.  Love the unique cocktails with my favorite being the Curly Tail which has chili peppers frozen into the ice cube so your drink gets spicier as you drink it.  The PV Salad is easily one of the best salads I have ever eaten in my life.  Outstanding service, delicious food, casual yet upscale vibe.  What's not to love?
5	Definitely one of the best restaurants I've ever been to!  The bar staff is the best!  They are so passionate about what they do and so engaging.  Sven was great at selecting a great beverage and appetizer. Angela had a great smile and was genuine about her conversation.  Overall the food was amazing and drinks did their thing, but the staff knocked it out of the park.  Definitely will be coming in again soon.  Well done guys!  Cheers!
5	Go there often, the food amazing and so are the drinks.  (french dip with mashed potatoes)Patio seating is great and its pretty.
5	This place is awesome! The elegant but country decor is amazing! The food was perfect! Our waiter forgot about us but more than made up for it.. and its not about falling down its about how fast you get up! I had the Salmon blt and duck fat fries! I tried a Miss Piggy to drink and liked it so much I had another! Just call me Miss Piggy LOL I will be going back and taking friends!
5	Everything here is AMAZING elegant elevated southern comfort food. And the BEST drinks. Come for happy hour!
4	Great food and drinks although it gets extremely busy at happy hour.  I was a bit disappointed to have made a reservation for my husband's and my anniversary dinner and be seated in the bar.
4	Very happening Scottsdale spot -- expect a lot of women in heels!Pros:-Good, fresh food-Kind  and friendly serviceWhat We Ordered:-Eggplant frites -- ABSOLUTE MUST! They came piping hot and melted in your mouth!-Crispy brussel sprout leaves - also fantastic IF you like brussels :)-Ahi tuna with avocado -- expensive but fresh and divine with a refreshing lime marinade!-Cauliflower wild rice side dish - kind of bland, sitting in cream and butter and cheese. Wouldn't order again.Overall: Great & expensive!
5	great take on bbq comfort food. a gourmet twist at every corner with a great, relaxed decor and well versed staff.
4	I would give them 5 stars, but I think their dishes are really tiny, and they need more vegetarian options.  Other than that, I LOVED this place!  They had good beer on tap, our waitress was GREAT, and the food we ordered was really yummy.  I was really disappointed they were out of the cauliflower casserole, as that's why I went in, to try it.  And the one salad I ordered, I wasn't a big fan of, so the waitress felt so bad, she sent the manager over who gave me a $10 gift card so I'd come back.  I didn't even complain!!!!  That was really good customer service!!!  I will definitely be going back!!!
5	Our server Shawn Kelly was so sweet and very knowledgeable about the menu and their amazing chef. This is our 2nd time in one week. Wish we didn't have to fly home tomorrow!
4	The husband and I went to Salty Sow for happy hour a couple days ago and it was overall very good. I had been to the Yelp elite event here earlier this year and liked it very much, unfortunately, this place is nowhere near where I live so I hadn't been back. Aaanyway, the specials for happy hour include 5$ apps and 2$ off wine and cocktails. I had the sangria (very good, somewhat sweet but not too sweet) and the drink with the ruby red deep eddy vodka.... I forgot what it was called, but it was herbacious and tasty. We split the fried chicken app with the biscuit... the biscuit was delicious, but the chicken was a little on the sweet side. It was good overall, but I don't know that I would order again. We also shared the budino, which was so good at the elite event. It was still very delicious, but tasted like it wasn't made that day... it was a little liquidy on the bottom and the whipped cream wasn't as soft as it normally is... pretty sure it had been made the day before or a couple days before that. As I said, it still tasted good. I would definitely come back if I were in the area, especially for happy hour. PS - the one bummer of hh (and the whole menu, actually) is that the majority of their food come with an egg on it (which I love, but the husband is allergic to eggs so it limits his options, and I know that they would probably leave the egg off if requested, but it takes away some of the intended flavor/texture of the dish). PPS - They have all day happy hour on Mon and tues... nice!
4	Wonderful tasty food and attentive service, what more could you ask for?  My friend and I caught happy hour, and were able to get a couple cocktails.  Both were great, mine has a block cube of ice in it with a couple herbs in the cube.  Loved it, it's the little touches.  I ordered the pork filet minion and my bestie had a burger and fries.  Mine was excellent and also had a squash compote which was yummy, but that was it. It's ala carte if you want a second side.  Both entrees were yummy.  We both got desserts and mine actually was the highlight, it was the salted caramel dessert.  It tasted just like Wurthers candies like at grandpas but even better.  My friend had the gluten free chocolate. Oh la la, yummo.  Service informative, attentive and friendly.
4	I haven't come here until now as this location has been a restaurant graveyard. Let's hope this place doesn't suffer a similar fate as it's quite good. Very nice ambience. Good solid comfort food with a modern twist. A little heavy but quite good. Happy hour on Monday and Tuesday make it a value.
4	Um, my gosh is this place yummy or what?  I ordered the duck fat fries and the pork ragout, both very rich and flavorful.  The service was great too.  I sat at the bar, and they frequently came over to see how I was doing.  They don't rush you out at all.  The atmosphere is nice too.  There was live music on the patio when I went there.  This place is very hip, but very inclusive.
4	For the record this place's menu is obviously heavily weighted on pork, hence the name Salty Sow.  Not being a huge pork fan, I have had the brussels sprouts and the chocolate truffle cake.  I haven't had any desire to eat anything else because they are SO good!  I don't even like Brussels sprouts!  The cocktails are pretty descent here too...along with the chocolate truffle cake!! Maybe someday I will get myself to order something else; I am sure many other items on the menu are just as delicious!
3	The atmosphere and decor are really nice.  The food is great.  The service was horrible.  We decided to try out Salty Sow on Saturday July 5th.  The place only had 17 people seated and I saw no fewer than 12 people on staff.  During the course of our meal our waitress promised an ice tea refill on 3 separate occasions and only delivered on one of those.  We actually went over to the (very helpful) bartender and he filled my tea and swapped out my girlfriend's beer that tasted a bit off.  Our waitress was never around, but there were plenty of other staff just standing around the kitchen area not doing anything. The manager seemed to mostly wander aimlessly around the perimeter of the exposed kitchen, sometimes looking at the expo tickets.  I never saw him check on any tables or do anything productive. With the negative part out of the way...the beef shoulder roast entree and the green chili appetizer were both delicious.  If we had just seated ourselves at the bar, I believe this likely would have been a 4, if not 5, star experience.
5	Oh Salty Sow, How do I love thee, let me count the ways:1) Michael Hales, THE MOST professional server in Scottsdale! If you can get in Michael's section you will be very happy as he takes his job very seriously yet is always smiling and makes even the mundane task of reciting the specials a fun culinary adventure.2) pomegranate mojito - so refreshing on a hot summer day.3) duck fat fries - need I say more?4) chicken thighs with neck bone gravy - you MUST taste this dish!5) smashed fingerling potatoes - so smart, so simple, yet no one else has ever thought of this...order this please.6) tomatoes with homemade ricotta - I could devour a plate of these all by myself...almost did...but I had to be "polite" and share them with my dinner mates. Next time I want my own.7) rib eye steak - order it rare plus for THE most tasty steak!8) elevated booths with foot rails - by far the most comfortable seating. 9) atmosphere - I LOVE the decor and the comfort this place offers. So cool, you won't feel like you are in a shopping center rather you WILL feel like you are in the hippest locale with beautiful people all around you.  They are all lovin the food and the atmosphere.10) in short, even if you are not a pork lover, like one of the members in our party, no worries...as the menu has everything to offer and although its called "Salty Sow" rest assured you will find many things to love on this menu.
5	I had heard great things about this place and thought it was worth driving a little further for. It was extremely busy but it did not detract the staff from being able to offer great service. They made sure we had a comfortable  table to sit at since we were with my 87 year old mother, some tables are high tops. Our waiter had great suggestions and a great sense of humor. The food is fantastic with great happy hour pricing and a buy one get one for the 4th. The crispy Brussels Sprouts which are amazing. My husband had the tacos and they were huge for an appetizer. My mother and I had the lamb burger which was delicious and for an excellent ending we shared the Bananas Foster Beignets. Definitely worth the trip and we will  be back!
5	I can't recommend the Salty Sow enough. We've eaten here 6 times now, and have had a great experience each time. The staff is amazing and the food is always on point. The happy hour menu is great. Their chicken liver mousse is absolutely amazing, and their gnocchi is the best I've ever tasted. I have never had a dish that hasn't been seasoned and cooked to almost perfection. As a former executive chef I highly enjoy watching the open kitchen. The chefs are quick and clean. And each dish they prepare is seasoned and plated with a high pride that I wish other restaurants would learn from. You can't go wrong here. You will enjoy it every time. High end enough for a fancy date or business meeting. Yet, layer back enough for a group of friends to sit around and laugh for a few hours. The staff is nothing but cheerful and very personable. Hands down my favorite place to relax and eat.
3	returned after several months after experiencing food poisoningat this restaurant. service was very good. ordered the house salad that was so large, we split it. the pork filet mignon was justokay. my spouse ordered the fried chicken and duck fat fries offthe early bird menu. large portion and the chicken was excellent.will return again and hopefully not experience the digestive problems as i had in the past.
5	Great atmosphere, service and food. Nice Taplist of local craft beer- about half the taps are great.  Mostly geared towards lifter beers and could use a few more stouts or porters possibly but great overall.
5	WOW!! I am totally lost for word with this place everything was AMAZING! !! The food was fantastic,  the service was super! Our server Tony had great recommendations and had a great personality!  The kitchen staff was awesome treated each other very respectfully and all had positive attitude even when the pressure was on!!! We live about 45 minutes from here and we will be back for sure!!! My only regret is that I didn't have more room to try everything on the menu! !
5	Great food, fun atmosphere and fun menu. I am sad that I have waited so long to try it!
3	We were here a few months back, I was so disappointed it took me a while to write this down.I had the ribeye... it was original but very skimpy ribeye... I never had a ribeye so small... : ( Menu says 10 oz but if looked more like 8.On top of that, when you say 'no horseradish' and then your dish arrives  and the first think you notice is the horseradish all over it... well, not very encouraging...On a positive not I also had the CAULIFLOWER & WILD RICE CASSEROLE and it was really really good.Hubby had the halibut and he thought it was so so.Mainly, I do not think we will be back anytime soon. The place looks nice and fun, but I guess we are not their demographic.
5	We had the $5.00 Happy Hour Specials and they are all amazing. We tried all of the tacos on the menu, all delicious, I was a little afraid I wouldn't care much for the fried egg on top but it just added to the flavors and I'm a fan. The crispy fried chicken in rosemary and honey is a meal in itself and delicious.It comes with a biscuit and that would be my only complaint the biscuit was dry, not flaky. The white sangria was addictive it was so good! We finished off the meal with the apple pie which was an actual small pie, so definitely made for sharing and can  be shared with 3 or 4 people, it comes with a huge scoop of their homemade vanilla ice cream which easily stands on its own due to it's rich and creamy texture.
5	Loved the lamb burger!
5	Great food, excellent service, nice interior design & patio.  But best of all, they figured out the perfect volume for their music! You can actually talk to the person across from you!
4	Super fun atmosphere and the happy hour selections are pretty stellar. While the apps (we tried the duck fat fries, pork taco, truffled deviled eggs, and rosemary honey fried chicken) were just a hair off in the WOW factor--just felt they needed one more step of flavor to get that oomph--the lemon bar dessert was worth it. It left my sister and I intrigued enough to come back for dinner, and leave feeling like one of the sow paintings on the wall--bellies to the floor.
5	We have been regulars to the Sow since they opened their Phoenix restaurant.  This menu is for the adventurous and the hungry! Love the fried avocado with pulled BBQ pork and spicy fresca drizzled over the top. Smoked salmon toasts have a charred twist and pickled extras.  Their crispy chicken is perfect every time and their smashed roasted fingerlings are beautifully soft and crisp with bone marrow gravy smothering them to death.  Get excited for the giant pot that arrives to your table for the short rib entree. This dish is served cowboy style in a giant pot, with all of the cookout fixings... Carrots, potatoes and onion with the fried egg perched on top!  Whatever you do... Don't say no to dessert!  The cocktails are trendy, manly and refreshing... All of the local brews you love and some new ones that the bartenders can passionately introduce to you !The Sow also has a free membership card to rack up the points and ensure your loyalty!
1	I will have to agree with Jeff W. and Rebecca A. here. I was really excited to try this place as we are foodies and love trying new foods and restaurants. But I was very disappointed when we left. We ordered the charcuterie board which was just gross. Even the prosciutto didn't taste quite right and its like, how can you screw that up? This dish was the start of my queasy stomach. I had asked for another piece of toast as we still had cheese and meat left and was told we would have to pay for it! One piece of toast!Next, we had ordered the Candied Pork Belly which literally made me sick to my stomach! I still feel queasy after eating here 3 hours ago! The pork belly is mostly all FAT and greas. The balsamic sauce it is drowning in is heinous and I'm not sure who's idea it was to mix the two. It comes with a small amount of collard greens soaked in the sauce which is a really cheap filler to this dish. Yuck!I was hiding my distaste from the waitstaff because I didn't want to come across as rude to her but we wont be back. In fact we were never even asked how we liked our meal. There are just too many great Phoenix restaurants to waste fifty bucks on lunch at this place. Very pretentious for a Wal-Mart parking lot. Salty Sow, you better shape up or ship out cuz you've got competition in Phoenix!
4	Love the food and atmosphere!  Our waitress Amy was great along with the GM who was just as attentive!
2	We were excited when they first opened we lived nearby~and like pork dishes.  There is nothing we saw on the Menu that sounded good.  We received a incentive from Marketing I think it was $20 off of 50 so we thought well maybe....So disappointed. The Menu is for foodies with No Limit to there budget. I spent 15 years in hospitality business including fine dining, M of Chicago D Frisco's Prime steak.  I know food, I know good service.  The waitress got into a snit when I asked her a question, maybe because it was is there any normal dishes on the menu ?  Kidding- I simply asked what was the most popular dish....Well we couldn't feel comfortable ordering the weird pork dishes, so we ordered steak, and it was okay but not fab Decor is extra nice...would love it if there HH had decent REAL food on it... but my dining $$ are dear too me, and this place is less than wonderful, too limited, too expensive. I would rather go to a dive with Great Normal Food than a nice Restaurant with Weird food. I have dining at many 4 and 5 star places, like seafood, good beef, and great ventures in dining.....this was NOT one of those experiences. The steak as Pat B said looked smaller than advertised and while the fries were good- they weren't that Flipping good. Very surprised if this concept makes it.  When I want PORK do you mean there isn't even a Pork Chop on the Menu? They didn't even have pulled pork on the Menu when we went.. I think Chefs Really go off the deep end with a Menu like this were EVERYTHING is for Only Culinary Snobs.  Call me crazy but I want food I recognize and for Value a HH like Flo's Where Everything is HALF OFF  including Yummy food.............   So disappointed in this Concept.  Even if i was Offered a FREE Meal here I would just skip it.  Meh- I have experienced better    Way better.
4	Decent tacos, eggs come with everything. Happy hour is great, lots of great cocktails, decent beer list, good wine list. Hoping to try actual dinner sometime here.
5	This place is out standing. The environment suits the food just right. New age feel with just enough class. Service was perfect and food was cooked to perfection.
3	7/9/14Came here to celebrate my birthday, albeit a day later.  Mom and aunt had never visited SS before, but cousin joined me for happy hour a few months ago.  While all enjoyed the atmosphere, we found the alcoholic beverages and food, for the most part, underwhelming.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salty-sow-phoenix?select=JH4WTi8bA2kMyK7rj5Fw_Q#JH4WTi8bA2kMyK7rj5Fw_Q  Cousin talked up the Banana beignets and ice cream, as we shared one during hh months ago, and all but aunt, who didn't sample, liked it. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salty-sow-phoenix?select=AoUOns5QomxCLGgHKjNqDg#AoUOns5QomxCLGgHKjNqDg  The ONE thing I COMPLETELY enjoyed was the (complimentary) birthday dessert, the dessert special of the day of Lemon Bar, tart, rich cream, and not very sweet lemon cheesecake on a crust that I didn't sample, adorned with homemade whip cream, fresh blueberries, and two mint leaves.  The homemade vanilla bean ice cream, though not needed as the cheesecake was sumptuous by itself, was a nice touch.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salty-sow-phoenix?select=rqWfmUCntSw0rLrWMY6Gxw#rqWfmUCntSw0rLrWMY6Gxw    Mom, who didn't find the beignets and ice cream dish anything to write home about, found the lemon bar quite tasty.  :)  Crispy Brussels sprouts- I didn't enjoy this one as much as I did in the past.  Bland, not crispy, and the pecorino didn't add the punch I remembered.Beef shoulder and Spit-roasted pork tacos- cousin ate these and enjoyed them, but wouldn't order them again. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salty-sow-phoenix?select=9jh3odIqg17KC5SAEbd5sQ#9jh3odIqg17KC5SAEbd5sQFried chicken and sweet potato biscuit- The chicken was only partially-cooked-- dark pink center, and I couldn't chew through the meat completely.  My cousin agreed, and the server took it away and had another one fired up.  However, the second piece was also undercooked!  The manager came out and spoke to us, assuring me that the kitchen uses a thermometer to discern when the food is ready to be served, so the chicken should be perfectly-done.  The sweet potato biscuit was fine.  I was still disappointed in the quality of the chicken, and the item was removed from the bill.  Thank you, Salty Sow!  :)Duck-fat fries- We didn't find it anything special, and I did not like the egg on top. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salty-sow-phoenix?select=0IZ2t2ayK9VRa1RhIwh__w#0IZ2t2ayK9VRa1RhIwh__w  I've had poutine fries at Nook and loved those, so it must be the duck fat used to cook the fries in that we all were not impressed with.  As far as the happy hour beverages we ordered ($2 off specialty cocktails)... My aunt enjoyed her Rosemary's Piglet, a pretty concoction of pomegranate juice, bubbly, and rosemary syrup; the ice cube had a rosemary sprig trapped inside it (this reminded me of the Rosemary margarita I had at the now-closed Renegade by MOD- check out the photos I included in that review*- very pretty!).  Cousin had the Salty Sow Sparkling Sangria (elderflower liqueur, bubbly, orange and lemon juices, one grape, opal basil), which she's ordered before and liked, and I tried the Miss Piggy (X-rated Fusion, bubbly, grapefruit sugar rim; I don't recommend it).  *Link to Renegade by MOD review http://www.yelp.com/biz/renegade-by-mod-scottsdale-2
1	My husband and I were really excited to try this place. The decor is amazing but food and service is absolutely awful.  It took over 7 minutes for our drinks, server (Jacob) wanted to chat with Co workers rather than serve our beverages. We decided to order appetizer, salad and two entrees. The app and salad came out quick but our sever forgot to put our food order in and we had to wait and additional 20 minutes for entrees that is with our app being boxed up for over 10 minutes before he acknowledged to put the order in, meaning over 30 minutes for our entrees!!!!. When we finally got our entrees we were even more displeased because our steak came out almost medium well rather than medium rare. My pork filet was gross and dry. We will never go back and never recommend to anyone.
5	I've been here multiple times, have brought friends, and have always loved it. Saturday night, live music (although not the regular guy, who is Amazing- jay or Jason?). Eggplant frites, lamb burger, dirty sow martini, all amazing!!!  Patio is fantastic and I can't wait for the weather to cool off to come more often. By far the best restaurant in the area! Service and food have always been spectacular! 100% recommend for those who like good food, atmosphere, drinks and price.
3	Interesting menu with lots of original offerings, however it is fairly limited. Great beer selection!  Prices are a little high for what you are getting. Great central location.
5	Salty Sow definitely stands out amongst the Red Lobster/Olive Garden/Outback variety in the PV mall area. The cuisine is a great blend of comfort food, upscale items, and fresh/local ingredients. We have been coming here a few times a month since it opened and have yet to be disappointed!They have a great $5 happy hour everyday from 4-6:30 pm with items like fried honey rosemary chicken with a sweet potato biscuit, crispy brussel sprout hash, green chili pork stew, and duck fat fries...yes!They have a unique selection of cocktails and have $2 off HH specials on those too. A favorite salad of mine is the PV salad with kale, grilled chicken, dates, avocado, bleu cheese, bacon and candied almonds.Salty Sow has a great vibe with brick walls, unique lighting and a large rectangular bar. They have live music certain nights on their outdoor patio that we are still able to enjoy when it's 100 degrees outside :)If you go on a weekend night, I suggest you get a reservation! Even the bar is packed most nights and the high tables around the bar are often reserved. This place is a great gem in the PV mall neighborhood and I hope it stays that way!
5	The Sow made for a fun Saturday night. It's a big place, we chose a high top behind the huge wraparound bar. The service was great. I thought my wife and server were going to make plans after. She did a great job. I would give up French fries for the eggplant frites appy. Wife had the salad, which I had no interest in trying. She said the PV salad was delish. I had the French dip. It's as good as you will find. $14. Good energy in this place, and reasonable prices make it a must go. Music on the patio was a dude playing guitar on the patio, playing songs we all know. Much better than I'm making him sound. We were stuffed but still got the butter cake with ice cream. Yum. My stomach hates me.
5	I only have good things to say about the Salty Sow. They have a great menu overall, with a pretty extensive HH menu too. The cocktails are extremely high quality, service has always been great, and they offer a ton of unique food options. The brussel sprouts + pecorino + golden raisins is to die for...I have to admit I've started making this creative dish myself, thanks to the Salty Sow! I return here as often as possible!
5	We arrived just at the end of a Happy Hour. We ordered the most delicious eggplant frites for $5. We also  got our Blanche and Blanche Royal margaritas for Happy hour prices. Our waitress Krista got our orders for drinks and appetizers. For dinner, I ordered the beef taco with a fried egg : absolutely delicious !! My husband ordered the rib eye which was also tender and delicious. We ordered the banana foster with beignets- outstanding. The manager-Kevin Bird allowed me to sit on a bar stool and watch the cooks at their craft-amazing !!!!
4	I do love a restaurant that has happy hour every day (including weekends). Especially when duck fat fries, honey rosemary fried chicken and pork belly tacos, and deviled eggs on are the HH menu. The live music, tasty cocktails, and good service makes this a top choice for date night, girls night, or after-work cocktails.
4	I finally made it back to Salty Sow...thanks to a BOGO mailer that I received.  Once I got the mailer, I hopped on OpenTable and made a reservation and went in for a late lunch.  The fact that a place uses OpenTable gives it a little boost in my book.The waitress was very welcoming and friendly and did a great job explaining the menu and concept and welcoming me back.  I ordered the slow-roasted beef shoulder and was not disappointed.  The root vegetables in the dish were perfectly cooked.  I ordered their version of a Moscow mule and enjoyed it.  I'm glad I tried the restaurant again because I was pleased with the meal.  I don't know that it will become a regular place for me to dine, but I wouldn't be averse to going back if someone suggests it.  I'd be even more tempted to go if I received another BOGO mailer....
5	Regular here, so its obvious that I like the food and atmosphere.  I continue to write these reviews to encourage those that have not tried this restaurant to do so!.
4	I was in the mood for fried chicken on a Sunday night. To my dismay the chicken establishments we frequent were closed. I searched on yelp and set our navigation system to the Salty Sow.I selected the crispy chicken thighs. They were pan fried without a batter and served on top of fingerling potatoes with an incredible gravy. This dish would pale in comparison to the size of franchise restaurants, however, I could not finish the serving. I believe the richness of the gravy, the perfect saltiness of the potatoes, and the crispness of the chicken made for a satisfying and filling dish. I am looking forwards to my lunch of leftovers tomorrow.Hubby had their Sunday night pork specialty. The pork was juicy and served with fingerlings and garlic toast. With determination he finished his entree with the exception of all the bread.We shared a piece of brown butter cake which was okay. Not great, not bad, but not good enough to order again.
5	We had a wonderful experience at the sow on a busy restaurant week Saturday. Live music was playing and some unique drinks were flowing (try the Moscow mule!). I went with the price fixed menu and enjoyed the Brussels sprouts salad as well as a very tasty and large portion of the pork belly. Outstanding! I had to try the already famous duck fat fries with the 110 minute egg and wasn't disappointed. The egg was an experience and clearly this is a dish not to be missed; especially if you like French fries. A nice dessert selection including a fresh fruit plate rounded off a very pleasant experience. Considering the PV mall location, The Salty Sow is a great find and I'll be back soon enough.
3	I have came back to Salty Sow...thinking it would be better. The food is okay.. they have a wide variety of items...However, the service is slow and out of all the dishes I have tried nothing was amazing. They do have happy hour which might be a better option.. They do have a nice atmosphere though.
4	I was in town for two nights and stumbled across the Salty Sow (thanks to Yelp). Great name and great food.This place has amazing food for the price and a great atmosphere. The first night I ordered a beef shoulder (on the recommendation of the bartender) and was floored. Not what I was expecting but amazingly tasty and filing. Then for desert the bartender recommend a fried banana. All in all, it was one of the best meals I have had in a long time.As I write this I am the parking lot having come back for my second night in town. Tonight I had the Pork Filet. It was just as good as the meal last night.If you want a great tasting meal, good price, and inviting atmosphere. I recommend the Salty Sow.
2	I did salty sow on a Wednesday night. Good parking and nice dining room and bar. Decent tap beer list for a modern gastropub. It was nice to see the local Sun Up brew at a restaurant here in town. I ordered a $12 cheeseburger and asked them to hold the mustard. Of course it arrived covered in mustard. How can you taste anything when it is overpowered by mustard? I returned the cheeseburger and waited for the replacement. The manager was kind enough to bring me a couple deviled eggs while I waited. I tried one but all I could taste was lemon juice. When the replacement burger arrived, It was immediately evident that the cooks had gotten revenge. The patties were burnt beyond any recognition. I had never got to have a burger and the waitress had the Gaul to charge me for it. I won't go back. There are too many places that make good food and care.
5	Went here with a group for the 2014 Fall Arizona Restaurant Week. I started with the Sangria - which was unique and delicious. The I had the Louisiana Boudin Fritters, the Idaho Rainbow Trout with an awesome sauce, and the Butterscotch Budino with Salted Caramel for desert. Everything was amazingly good!
5	We came for restaurant week. First off, the decor was great. Love the bar and the open kitchen. It was a Saturday, so there was live music playing outside, but we could hear the performance from inside. I had the pork belly dish, while my wife enjoyed the beef shoulder. Both dishes were excellent. We both had a couple well-made cocktails. Their Moscow mules were refreshing. If you're an Old Fashioned fan like myself, try their Salty Sow'r.
2	There is nothing on the menu I liked. This is a fancy bar with bone marrow and that kind of fare with most dishes starting at about $18. The whole chain doesn't carry Bud products or similiar, they just use local beers. The beers start at 5 bucks post happy hour. It was mostly empty at the bar on Sunday night and the bartender from Sweden looked bored. The rest of the joint had birthday parties and was crowded. The TV's are placed way too far from the bar area and don't bother going here to watch games, you will need a telescope to see the TV's from the bar. I get it, not every place is made for the everyday guy, so fair enough, so everyday guys be warned.
4	Lots to see. Food is standard, burgers are the safest choice. Drinks were good. I agree with others that say since they were brought, the food is off a step and the fun stuff like pins and tees has become too standardized. The pins used to be very u inquest for each location but have lost that edge.
5	Everything was incredible but I'll highlight my favorites. The smoked salmon with dill sauce and the butterscotch pudding alone make it worth a jaunt from the Phoenix airport. The Caesar salad was imaginative, thank you.  Even the roasted beets,  not only gorgeous but good (I'm not usually a fan of bets but prepared this way with goat cheese,  yes). You can hardly go wrong here. Came with bloggers for a conference,  met the chef even. Will find a way to go back.
2	Well, my love affair has sadly ended.  Sorry for the delay on this update.  We went back about a month ago, and just had such a disappointing experience.   The wait staff, as always, was excellent- so I'll still rave about that.  But the food?  It just wasn't as mouth-wateringly delicious as it was before.  And to be truthful, it was actually not good.  Not good at all.    I ordered my Pork Ragout again (I had seriously had dreams about this dish since our last visit).  It was very salty.  Like, horribly salty.  My wife ordered the beef shoulder everyone raved about and couldn't even eat one bite without gagging.   Not sure if the regular chef was out sick, or what the heck happened.... but it was bad enough, that I don't think we'll be returning.  Sorry Salty Sow- but we're better off as friends.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants. The atmosphere is laid back, the food is delicious and the customer service is fantastic. I ordered the braised pork shoulder over mash potatoes with an egg on top, it was simply to die for. Tasty, tender, delicious! To top it off was one of my favorite Four Peaks bears, the Kilt Lifter!  There happy hour looks fantastic.Also fantastic service, and really cool atmosphere!
5	Great meal, atmosphere and staff. Was made to feel welcome and comfortable. Attention to guests seems genuine and not canned. Very memorable experience.
3	Had dinner here a while ago and the food was delicious!! Just tried to visit for lunch (should have checked the opening hours!!) ...opens at 4pm!! Bummer
4	The place is nicely decorated.  This location has changed hands several times . The restaurant was a little pricy . About 50 dollars a person . Good thing we went during restaurant week . The service was average . A little slow  because of the crowd . The food was tasty and we shared most of the dishes
5	One of the best happy hours I've been to in Arizona.We pretty much ordered the entire HH menu:1) Truffled delived eggs2) Duck fat fries3) Brussels sprout leaves4) Spit-roasted pork taco5) Pork belly taco6) Beef shoulder taco- The fries and the pork tacos were the best.The food came out quickly and our server was on top of everything despite it being really busy.
1	Highly disappointed with this place. I just attempted to eat here. Hostess sat us. 30 min later still no drink order. Still nothing. Just had to finally get up and leave. That is sad because we were repeat customers. Sorry Salty Sow.... Won't be visiting you ever again.
5	An excellent experience had by both my wife and I, who went there for happy hour after we received sub-par service at another bar-restaurant in the area. We enjoyed fantastic service by the entire staff and munched on Chorizo Mushrooms and Eggplant Frites with marinara sauce; both outstanding starter choices and well priced. (Bill for both and a beer and diet Coke was $20) The Salty Sow is simply the finest choice in or around PV Mall!
4	First experience was nice! Alil loud, but its a nice social feel. Food was pretty good. I was alil disappointed that i didnt get to try the food i saw on the reviews. Didnt know they change menus weekly. Amazing plate presentation! Nice interior layout! I'd definitely come back again to try new dishes!
3	Dinner was excellent! Chorizo mushrooms were porky escargot. Lamb ragout was crazy good and the Fried Green Tomatoes were saved by the Guacamole. Maple Manhattan was inspired. Sean, you were great out of the gate but got distracted later and that lost a star. We will be back though. For those that know and love Campo in Reno, this is their Phoenix twin minus the pizza oven.
4	a delicious dinning retreat.  great wines, bartenders are attentive and the foods are fabulous!
4	Solid food, great service, and a good selection of local beers on tap. The duck fat fries, crispy Brussels sprouts leaves, eggplant frites, bacon and eggs, collard greens, cauliflower casserole, and salmon BLT are all worth eating again, and the butterscotch budino is fantastic. Now if they can only improve the bourbon selection a little bit...
5	This place has a very pleasant environment. Lots of TV's.  Patio area is very well connected to the inside of the restaurant. Service is good but the best of all is the food.  Every dish I order is good and for appetizer the fried caramelized brusselsprouts are the best.
5	We love this place and are always surprised it isn't packed all the time.  The margaritas with the Serrano peppers in the ice cubes are a great option.  The polenta and pork ragu as well as the pork green chilli are the best things on the menu.  We've always had great service and have loved every dish we've had.
1	Had the ribeye because I'm not the biggest pork fan but my party was. My steak would be equivalent to Denny's, Friday's or any other cheaper chain. Thankfully it's about the sow.
5	Fantastic cocktails - Petey and their Old Fashioned were both fantastic. Lamburger, slow cooked beef shoulder, and bacon wrapped pork filet mignion were all delicious. Can't go wrong. Oh yeah, duck fat fries...mmmmm, and Brussels sprout leaves. Everything is delicious.
4	My fiance and I ate here last night and I was reminded why I love it. Their menu is unlike most menus in the Valley. There are an assortment of things I normally would not try but somehow the folks at Salty Sow know how to make them taste just right. Last night I had their porchetta sandwich which was a special for that evening. The sandwich was huge, in fact I could only eat half, which meant the other half went with my very happy fiance to work today for lunch. It might have been big but it was really, really tasty. We also shared the brussel sprout leaves as an appetizer. You heard right. Leaves. There are pieces of brussel sprouts and some brussel sprouts leaves all baked and crispy with an incredibly sweet sauce smothered on top of them. If you go there -- you have to try them. I'm not usually a huge brussel sprouts fan but these are incredible. For those with adventurous appetites, this is your spot! They also had fun cocktails on their menu. Definitely worth a visit.
5	My family has been in here a bunch. I've been forgetting to review. Happy hour is the best. Duck fat fries are just delish. Basically great menu and great customer service. Great drink selection. And despite not being a kid friendly place. My son does really well there. They have a grilled cheese sandwich that he loves. It's not on the menu but if you ask them you shall receive. Dessert is a MUST. You can't go wrong here. They also have live music which is great.
5	Yelp didn't let me down with this one.   The food was amazing.  The green chili dish for starters will knock your socks off.  Did a pork dish for main dish and it was outstanding.  For a dessert try the banana foster beignets and you will be happy.
5	Love this place. Tried the French Dip sandwich. It is great! Our waiter Tony is awesome, very helpful and knowledgable about the menu. I usually get the pork ragout, but decided to expand my horizons.
5	I cannot wait to get back here and try a few more tasty nuggets from their inventive and delectable menu! Great service, loved the indoor-outdoor ambiance, and the guitar player on the patio was amazing. Our server hinted that our party of four might want to graze our way through the menu and she was right. We sampled the Fried Green Tomatoes & Guacamole (super spicy); the Duck-fat Fries (amazingly crispy and flavorful); the crispy Brussels Sprouts (OMG yum!); the Green Chile Pork Stew (super flavorful and not too spicy); the roasted organic beets (tender and fresh); the white corn cheese grits (with a 110 minute egg on top... just do it!); and the fresh fish (to die for.) Are you hungry yet?? You should be and don't dilly dally about getting over there for a wonderful evening. Their cocktails are refreshing too - loved the sweet maple bourbon and the blood orange margarita. No room for dessert, but next time I'll try harder - loved it.
5	Loved, loved, loved this place. The service and live music were delightful, matched only by the excellent food. Great quality, inventive menu, creative drinks. We started with the duck fat fries with 110 minute eggs (oh, yeah!), crispy brussel sprout leaves, and chorizo stuffed mushrooms. So garlicy and good, I could have made a meal from those alone. We also had the lamb burger and bacon wrapped pork filet. Honestly, I could have just worked my way down the menu. They have a gluten-free menu and many great options for those following the Paleo diet. A word of caution, though, the butterscotch boudino and creme brulee (gluten-free but definitely NOT paleo) were worthy of the departure. Would love to come back for happy hour - that menu looked amazing, too.
5	This is a great place to eat. It is one of those in the middle places-not that cheap, not that pricey-but you will love it. they have some very interesting items here. The Happy Hour is probably one of the best around. I cannot believe their loyalty program, either. I am blown away by it. I actually eat here a ton, and unknowingly, I was put on their "super loyal customer" list and they have these amazing, pretty much free events for us every so often. I spent 25 year doing restaurant interiors and I love the exterior and interior design as well. But mostly it's the food. These guys just "get it."  One of the owners was at the last loyalty event and I told him how much I appreciated the service, the food, the design of the place and he was just so nice, so approachable about everything. I have no idea what his name is..if this is ownership reading, it is the one of the guys from TX who is short and stocky. I cannot tell you how much his effusive thanks meant to me. I ate here Sunday with a party of 8 after that loyalty happy hour. I had no idea they had this Pork Porchetta thing on Sunday only. It was so delicious. I don't like pork much, but I knew my husband did and we went with a big party and just had a blast. Everyone but me and another person ordered the Pork Porchetta. I had the lemon sole special and the other non pork person had the always good halibut. Jeez, this place is just awesome..the service, the food, the atmosphere. If you are coming from out of town to AZ, I highly recommend it. Luv you, Salty Sow!
5	Great GREAT food and wonderful atmosphere.  The bartender Jenna was awesome and fun to chat with.  We split the rare roast beef sandwich and some sort of a pot roast style entree.  Both were insane!Of course we did the fries which were decadent as can be and split a caramel custard for dessert.  Everything exceeded our expectations.We'd tried going here once before but it was too crowded.  We like to sit at the bar and you can catch them at a time when there isn't room but that's obviously the sign of a great place.Wonderful open concept kitchen where you can see them cooking everything and the deck has heaters and a WONDERFUL fireplace.  Love this place.  You will too.
5	Can I just say OUT OF THIS WORLD!! Best food ever in town, our server (Shawn) was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu, we had the appetizers Garlic fries, Broccoli, Beet Salad with goat cheese, the fried Brussels sprouts, my kids my husband and I, we could of had the entire menu but we will have to make several trips back, I can't wait.Keep up the taste and ambiance! Definitely a winner....LOVED IT!!
5	Great gastropub.  Feels lively and upscale while remaining casual.  Excellent beers and food - highly recommend an order of the deviled eggs for the table.
5	Don't know why I waited so long to try the Salty Sow.  Maybe I assumed that because every other restaurant by PV Mall has been sub-par, Salty Sow must be, too.  Really sorry to prejudge you like that, Salty Sow.On a busy Friday night, they took my online reservation and even though the place was packed we only had to wait a couple of minutes for our table.The server was as professional as any we've had in the Valley, which is saying a lot.Sorry to tell you that I'm not much of a beer drinker, but the beer list looked good.  The wine list was very good and had wines by the glass for every budget and palate.  Drinks did take longer than I wanted.  I should have been more sympathetic that the bar was jammed for Friday Happy Hour, but it was a family gathering and, well, you know...I just needed that glass of wine now.The menu is diverse with offerings from entree salads (really inventive ones, not the typical chicken ceasar) to burgers to chile verde to slow roasted meats and grilled meat/fish.  Everyone at the table loved everything they got.  The food was very well executed, was delivered in a reasonable time and our waiter and one other staff person checked in frequently to make sure all was well.For the excellent food, drinks and service, the bill was roughly 20% less than an equivalent restaurant would charge.  Shame on me for taking so long to eat here.One should be aware that the Salty Sow is very noisy, which didn't bother us at all, but really it is probably the noisiest restaurant around.  Not the place for a quiet meal, but it is perfect if you want lively atmosphere.We all agreed we love the Salty Sow and will be back soon!
4	This is the kind of place Phoenix need more of. Awesome food and good happy hour. If you are a meat lover this will definitely be up your alley. The lamb burger is good and the tacos are a must try.
3	Just got back from a Saturday night dinner at The Salty Sow.  First time.  What a great looking yet casual place it is.  Open kitchen layout, above the kitchen "window"  appears to be a chalkboard wall with drawings and the restaurants' name.  On the right side of the chalkboard is a drawing and next to is the word "Merde"--French for "sh-t". Who but me would notice that.  Too funny.  Firstly, we ordered the sangria which contained basil, orange and grapes.  Very nice drink.  Also a Chardonnay which was quite good.  We ordered one of the specials, Branzini (a fish)  that was served with fingerling potatoes and a salad.  I ordered a Roast beef sandwich with gruyere cheese on a brioche bun accompanied by fries fried in duck fat.  I figured those fries would be super-duper amazing. Duck fat? That's as close to Godliness as you can get.When the food came hubby was quite impressed with the look of his plate. The bronzini, while quite thin and small, had a crispy skin and he said it tasted quite good.  The salad consisted of all types of greens including some roasted pepper strips and it looked well-dressed without being excessively oily.  I didn't get to taste it because it was not offered to me (if you know what I mean).  He also got 5 fingerling potatoes.  He totally enjoyed his meal and cleaned his plate.  In my head I was thinking that later on tonight, I would have to make him a little snack since he is used to having bigger portions---not piggy portions, just slightly bigger.  My roast beef sandwich looked amazing and when I took a bite of it I realized that this was high quality meat.  However, I was not blown away by the sandwich.  I didn't say wow.  I didn't say YUM.  I didn't say much.  I added a little salt, but the flavor profile did not improve.  It was just another sandwich. Then I dunked it in the AU JUS which accompanied it and.... well..... it's still Just OK.  I also noticed that the gruyere cheese did not have the usual sharpness expected of a good gruyere.  It would have provided a welcome contrast to the meat.  Then I decided to seek refuge in the FRIES.  Yes, I thought ...the duck fried fries... just like in Paris.  The first thing I noticed was that I had asked for them  to be extra crispy and they were blonde.  Blonder than my ex-husband's first wife.  I decided not to be biased against these blonde fries.  Wasn't it possible  that blonde fries could be delicious and scrumptious and irresistible????  I overcame my bias and tasted the fries that were fried in the almighty Duck Fat.  They were pretty good but not delicious, scrumptious or irresistible.  NOPE. NOPE. NOPE.  I generously asked hubby to taste them.  (Usually I would NOT be so generous).  He asked me,  "Are these fresh ? They taste like frozen fries".  Hmmmm.  Good point.  Could it be that these fries are merely fried in DUCK FAT for FLAVOR, but are not the real down home, peel the potatos, cut them and fry them version of french fries??  I wonder. Maybe I should have asked my server (who was very good by the way).  So in NO WAY, NO HOW do these fries even come close to the fries I get in Paris (especially at  AU BOUQUET Saint PAUL in Paris (in the 4th district for you guys heading to Paris).  When those Parisian "frites" arrive next to a steak with brandy peppercorn sauce what do you think I go for first?  I eat the fries first because life is uncertain.  I may have a heart attack when eating my steak and I will have missed out on the FRIES!!!!  My autopsy would say that I died not of a heart attack but of a "broken heart" because my stomach was deprived of those delectable fries.   All in all the Salty Sow is a nice place to dine with its attractive atmosphere,  eclectic menu and great service.  Hubby was happy this time, I was not.  But that's the way it goes.  Maybe next time I will order something different and will walk out with a smile.  Who knows?
5	I dined here with my folks for the first time and WOW!!! The food was phenomenal, and the atmosphere was super warm and welcoming. Our waiter, Michael blew my mind, too. Hands down best service we've ever had - and I spent 5+ years waiting tables, so that's saying a lot. His recommendations were genuine and spot on - the stuffed mushrooms and lemon sole were to die for.Our only complaint? There are so many delicious dishes to chose from, that it was really difficult to decide on one!!We will be back for their one-of-a-kind menu, and of course, Michael's exceptional service.
3	Rating would have been higher if it wasn't for the GM/Manager.Food was great (asiago crusted halibut was some of the best fish I've ever had).  Service was great, bartender and hostesses went out of their way to ensure customers were satisfied.  To my extreme disappointment, the treatment by Kevin (not sure if he was the Manager or GM), was not consistent with the the rest of the experience.Before being seated at a table, I spoke to the hostess and bartenders who advised the Oregon/UofA Pac 12 Championship would be televised in their bar area.  I arrived first in my party and had the option to sit my entire party directly at the bar, or in a table with views of the tvs.  I was told not to worry, they would be more than happy to slightly shift one the tvs for an even better view from one of the available tables.Once the game commenced, the bartender did in fact shift 1 of the 2 tvs SLIGHTLY in our direction.  Which Kevin promptly moved back and from what I can tell, reprimanded his staff.  COMPLETELY unacceptable.  Nice customer service and nice treatment of your employees who were attempting to satisfy customers.  He had a very fake and ingenuine conversation with us trying to explain, which was laughable.  I do not see the harm in a tv being moved SLIGHTLY due to a customer request and in fact the fakeness and snottiness he displayed was far worse than the act of moving the tv back.  What purpose does a tv on an adjustable stand serve if you are not going to allow it to be shifted?  Of course by this time the bar was full and there was no option for us to move to a closer view of the tvs.In this day and age, I'm far more impressed by good customer service than I am with good food.  Customer service is the reason why I repeat visits to deserving restaurants.  I mean sure, food has to be decent, but there is no excuse for outright bad customer service and by the highest "ranking" employee in the restaurant.  No thank you.  This was my 2nd visit to the Salty Sow and Kevin was not present for my first experience, which was much better.  The bartenders, wait staff and hostesses were so great, that I may give the restaurant another chance, but it won't be soon and I sincerely hope that Kevin won't be there the next time to sour my experience.
4	This is the kind of place Phoenix need more of. Awesome food and good happy hour. If you are a meat lover this will definitely be up your alley. The lamb burger is good and the tacos are a must try.
5	Hands down this place has the most character in the neighborhood. All the food was fantastic, nice selection of local craft beers, really friendly staff who all seem to help each other out to make sure we were well taken care of.
4	We were on vacation in Scottsdale & looking for somewhere we hadn't tried before. Thought this sounded interesting but weren't quite sure what to expect. Loved the decor & the slow cooked beef was excellent. The service was also friendly, informative & helpful. Will definitely return next time we are in the area.
4	This is the kind of place Phoenix need more of. Awesome food and good happy hour. If you are a meat lover this will definitely be up your alley. The lamb burger is good and the tacos are a must try.
5	Excellent service, food, and atmosphere. Came here with the wife and friends after an all day ce course in need of food and none of us were disappointed. Had the slow-cooked pork shoulder which was so tender and full of flavor. The fried smashed potatoes were also excellent.
3	I read all the reviews and did my homework before coming here. The restraunt is beautiful.  But truly didn't feel the food was as good. Maybe my tastebuds are spoiled but I just wasn't getting what they were trying to do there..  We had the duck fat fries they were cold..  They tasted like fries. We had the lamb burger- the chef charred my burger so I sent it back. Not what I thought it was going to be and I was so excited. I LOVE LAMB!! Both of my kids got doggie bags with most of the food in them and well they went in the trash. So maybe it was just off that night! I don't know. But it is a nice date place.  I'd go there for drinks and appetizers..
5	Best food. Had the double cheese burger, we were with a large party so tried the fuck fat fries ( yummy), the fried green tomatoes, and bone marrow.. It was great food and good drinks ..
5	Just got back from Salty Sow and it was fantastic! Good waitress, good food and good looking inside. I loved the decor.  Wood work was clean. Lighting was just right. We all 3 really enjoyed our dinner here tonight. Only complaint was it's a little pricey. I'm not taking any stars off for that. You get what you pay for, and we got a real nice experience tonight.
4	This place has grown on me.  I started going with my twin mom's group when it opened and I was not that impressed.  Then I have been going for happy hour a few times and I have been enjoying a few of their bites more and more.  The honey rosemary fried chicken is my weakness.  I also like their stuffed mushrooms.  Their moscow mule is very good and my go to drink.  I have had a few of their desserts and they were very tasty.
4	This restaurant is new and part of a local Scottsdale group, so the waiter advised us. He was cordial, knowledgeable and explained the menu well.The menu is a la carte and a bit on the pricey side. The specialty slow roasted beef is served in a frying pan over mashed potatoes. The photo in the ad they sent us showed this served on a plate, which would have been better. The fried egg on top is appealing and the overall taste was good but not great. The 2nd entree was the crisp chicken breasts, which were well prepared. The broccolini is a blend of asparagus type stems and a thin broccoli - alright, but served 8 minutes after the entree and $6?The decor is pleasant and our comments of the room being very cold were not addressed, even as we viewed other patrons also shivering and commenting on the same. The temperature outside on this evening did not require freezer temps.The hostesses were pleasant, but management was not visible.
5	I had the smoked salmon appetizer and the bacon wrapped pork medallion.  been back twice for the salmon in 3 days.  its smoked with hickory and it is the best around.    The only thing is,  it is a small piece.  I could eat three......lol!
4	We have eaten at the Salty Sow several times and have never been disappointed. The food is freshly prepared and is extremely tasty. The menu has some imaginative small plates on it such as the chorizo stuffed mushrooms and the eggplant fries. The tacos are first rate as are the duck fat fries. The only disappointment that i have had there was the steak, but there are far better choices to be had. Mon and Tues are all nite happy hour and there are some great deals to be had. The service has ranged from good to excellent and the only occasion when it was poor was on a very busy Sat. nite.
5	Excellent!I looked this place up after passing it a few times and liked what I'd read. So when I got the opportunity to go out without my young children (rare indeed), this is where I suggested. I ended up going with my father, who hates cheese. I mention this because it seemed that many many dishes include cheese in some way. However, they were perfectly willing to leave it out of dishes where it wasn't already mixed in (the asiago polenta already has cheese in, so not possible). After reading lots of reviews, we decided to start with the duck fat fries and deviled eggs. The eggs were pretty good. Very very cold (hurt my temperature-sensitive teeth), and the filling had quite the kick of mustard. That said, we both liked them! The fries...well, my father liked them. I wasn't crazy about them, but they weren't bad. I ordered the pork ragout. It was amazing.  I loved it. Every bite was wonderful! My father ordered the beef shoulder and he liked it quite a bit as well, though he couldn't finish it in one sitting. I also ordered the salty sow'r as a drink. I think the giant ice cube was most of my drink. Nice way to make money, making half of the small glass a block of ice. I wasn't too fond of the taste, either. One thing I will give them is it wasn't weak.We ended by sharing bananas foster beignets. They were larger than I expected, but aaaamazing.  My father agreed. I would definitely go back and the next time I have the opportunity to eat at a restaurant without my kids, I'm going here! I'll just order a different drink and skip the duck fat fries. Good food!
4	When I heard there was a pork joint coming to the area I was pretty excited.  We've probably been there a dozen times now which speaks for itself but at the same time it hasn't landed that final fifth star for me.  While the restaurant is practically in the Walmart parking lot you quickly forget that once you are inside.  A nice patio and live music on Th, Fri, and Sat also are a huge plus.  The majority of my meals have been solid but I can still remember having cold Berkshire pork which didn't kill the meal but did leave me a little disappointed.  That was probably 6 months ago and as I mentioned, we keep going back so take it for what it's worth.On a side note who I presume is the restaurant manager normally makes a table appearance to check on your satisfaction.  Probably time we introduce ourselves which in past experiences usually ups the level of experience another notch.
4	This is a great spot, especially the atmosphere, fun and open and the food is solid. We will be back for sure
5	Top of the line rustic food. Consistently nice and great service. Friday's (I think) has nice light acoustic guitar music on the patio.
5	Second time here...loved our food and the service is wonderful!  Had the pork belly and the pork shoulder. Everything tasted fantastic. Make sure you take bites of the apple with the pork belly!
