5	I have know of this store for decades, however I don't drop in often enough.I went in this weekend to get paint and other supplies to make my car look new again.  I was prepared to pay for a custom paint mix, which they can even put into spray cans for those of us who don't own a air gun paint setup. However I was lucky and found the illusive color I needed from duplicaolor which I had searched many auto parts stores for.In addition to auto paints, sandpapers polishes and everything else you could need to get the job done, they have a large selection of auto fasteners.For added fun and interesting factor there are many museum displays around the store. From a giant allision engine from a fighter plane, to the body from a dukes of hazard car.Prices a good and they even have a "happy hour" on bondo from 3-5 pm every day.
4	One of these days, in the not too distant future, people might say- "remember what West Mesa used to be like?"And I'll say "Oh yeah.You mean all cracked and dry on the surface...but interesting and funky down in the creases?"Yep. And Space Age Auto body is definitely one of those funky wrinkles. Admittedly, the average person has little use for auto body supplies in their lifetime, but Space Age offers alot more. They have the waxes and touch-up paints to keep your older ride looking airtight. They also carry all the weird clips and little trim items- Stuff you absolutely can't get anywhere else but online ( or in the "HELP!" packages at Autozone). It's all very well categorized and the selection is mind blowing.But honestly, what they do best is just being cool. There is a vintage British motorcycle and a Ducati Monster perched on top of one of the aisles, a restored WWII tank engine just sitting on display, a vintage Dodge Charger "Funny Car" body hangs from the ceiling, and an original streamlined 3 wheeled car from the 1930's in pristine condition...and more.It's kinda like the automotive version of your funky old pair of Chuck Taylors. Dig it!
5	I stopped in to pick up some touch up paint after passing the store many times.The place is like a museum, a Allison j35 jet engine, a aero car, a 1100 cubic inch aluminum tank engine, and more.And I got the touch up paint I needed
5	5 stars for Service, service, & knowledgeable service!We walked in like a couple of rookies and our clerk patiently walked us thru the entire decisionmaking process.  She even got on the phone with our painter (they speak the ancient language of paint) to verify some details.I saw other clerks waiting on people and they all had friendly attitudes and best of all they QUOTE you the prices in a very matter-of-fact way BEFORE they make all the products.  I like that - No surprises at the register.  They help you make informed decisions about what you "really" need to get the job done.  Well Done!Great place - we will recommend them to others.
5	Space Age Paint is hard core and I'll leave it at that. :)
5	As soon as I walked into this place, I knew I was at home.  Having worked in a body shop, I was familiar with paints, etc.  However, their selection of products blew away my favorite auto body supply store in Chicago (Erkert Bros. in Blue Island).  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable and give you very rapt attention when you are looking for something.
5	awsome paint supply store!!! they have everything you could every want for paint work and then some. the parts I got from them turned out better that the OEM parts!!
2	Yeah, sorry. These people do not really know what they're talking about. Just trying to sell stuff. 2 stars for amount of supplies they carry. But They didn't have what I needed, and will not be going back.
5	I would say they carry almost anything you need to restore a ride, went in and they custom mixed some original factory paint codes for my 66 bug and are able to also put the paint into aerosol spray cans as well, very cool! They carry all of the best brands. I also was able to pick up some POR-15 for my chassis which I believe is the best type of coating for that use.Very friendly and knowledgable staff.
