4	Out of all the locations, this is the one I frequent the most. This is a very clean store and is very well organized. When you walk in, there is a luggage section, jewelry counter, cosmetic/body care section (scan the markdowns), wallets & handbag section (more later), lingerie section ( check the bras, ladies), and shoe department (I always check this section). Towards the middle of the store is the women's clothing and furniture (nice selection, reminds me of Pier 1 Imports, but cheaper). The section behind the shoe department is the housewares, decor, cooking, books (small but worth checking out), small gifts (stationery), & linens departments. The other end of the store is men's clothing and kid's clothing, plus toys too. The front caps near the registers (down the way from the luggage and entrance/exit doors) feature certain items usually related to the season or closest holiday, like Jelly Belly jelly beans around Christmas time. The selection of designer handbags varies from Coach, Dooney & Bourke, Michael Kors, Kathy Van Zeeland, LeSportsac, and many other brands, at prices near outlet store prices. The last few racks are all markdowns. We came here a couple weeks ago and saw Dina Titus shopping (with her mom)- I hadn't seen her in person since I took her class at UNLV. She looks the same!If I am alone, I can browse all the departments. I usually come here a lot around Christmas time. It's easy to find gifts here. Sometimes, there is a good amount of Harry & David products (fine foods- delicious- you need to try it- we've introduced it to some family & friends).If you don't find anything here, go down the street to the sister store, Marshall's- another great off-price store with so many designer labels.
3	When one thinks of Vegas, one thinks of awesome desert heat.  Yeeeeeah...not when it's the end of October and definitely not if you are coming in from Taiwan after 2 weeks of nice tropical weather.No - of course the week that we would be here - would be the week that it was FREEZING.So we headed over to the TJ Maxx to look for cheap sweaters so we wouldn't die of hypothermia in our tank tops and shorts.OK.  It was the end of October, beginning of November...and there was only half a rack of sweaters.  I am not even kidding.  And they were - of course - ugly as sin.  *Sigh*.Still...it was warm enough to keep me alive so I could write this review...and the sales guy who rang us up was pretty hilarious (he was telling us about his highly inappropriate Halloween costume), so it could have been worse.
3	This is a nice set up, but really lacking on stuff to buy.  I was looking for some cheap dress shoes for dinner and they had NOTHING...very disappointed.
3	They have no men's shoe section. Really? Since this is the only reason we came here, that was a bust. I've been to this location on quite a few occasions and have never been that excited by their selection. It's a good place to browse, but I never end up finding that much to actually buy.
5	I love this store! Whenever I'm in the area (ahem.. grubbing at Yama) I always make a stop here. I'm a big fan of their candle selection- you can always find a scent you like in a good brand for half the price you'd spend buying it in a department store.I also keep an eye on their dutch ovens; they have a nice selection from Cuisinart to Le Creuset! Wine glasses, vases, OXO storage items.. I've also purchased a handful of really great finds in their apparel selection.  This place is heavenly!
