5	Alex Optical ROCKS! Jim and Dave on Thomas are superstars. PLUS, they're an INDEPENDENTLY owned business! Not a chain!PRICE:$160.00 is less than I've paid for glasses in years. I didn't have to get the UV/scratch protection & frames either, but it was so AFFORDABLE that I couldn't help myself! If I hadn't gotten those, I could've gotten out of there for around $75. The eye exam was only $29 for Pete's sake!  It was absolutely my PLEASURE to give them my business. STAFF:The staff was so FRIENDLY and HELPFUL. The doctor was very PROFESSIONAL and LISTENED to what I was saying. She even had a sense of HUMOR. Very cool lady.OVERALL SATISFACTION:Usually after getting a pair of glasses, I tell my friends about it with sort of a *charlie brown sigh* because I inevitably get the run around about something or am expected to pay waaaay more than I want and those "other guys" don't tolerate folks without too much money. Not the folks at Alex Optical! They don't look at you over the tops of their glasses disapprovingly when you tell them you're trying to save money. I am so stoked about Alex Optical that I'm telling everyone in the surrounding area! No *charlie brown sighs*...
1	Alex Optical at Christown/Spectrum has done a few of our glasses. This last time we asked them to do 4 pair of glasses - all but one had to be redone.  They even wanted to charge us for their mistakes.  They finally agreed to fix them for no fee, but why should I have to even ask.I will use Paris Optical, a little more expensive, but they guarantee their work and give you a free pair of lens within the year after ordering the glasses.  I scratch my glasses and this allows me to get all new lenses (same perscription) within the next year.
4	Great place to get glasses, from purchase to repair I trust Alex Optical.  Located conveniently at Thomas and 44th street in Phoenix.  I"m surprised to see only one review, When I go there I have meet so many customers that have used Alex Optical for years.  Located in Central Phoenix, 44th Street and Thomas is a great locations to find your everyday needs.  Fry's, Costco, Office Max in one plaza.
4	I collect vintage eyeglasses. In my experience, very few optical shops in Phoenix will take a chance on your vintage eyewear when you want to get your lenses put in. But not Alex! Of course, you'll sign a waiver saying that if your 50-year-old frames break, they're not responsible, but that's par for the course. I've had 20-plus pairs of vintage frames filled and there's only been one casualty. Even then, the guys put replacement parts on the broken frames so they were wearable. If you ask, they might also show you the box of vintage frames they have under the counter. It's not out on display, but they've got some goodies in there! I haven't gone to any other Alex locations, so my rave review applies only to this wonderful location on Thomas. The prices are GREAT. I can usually get two pairs of glasses filled for about a hundred bucks.
3	Service seems alright, but the selection is dated and not attractive.
5	I broke my glasses and had already been to a place recommended by COSTCO.  I felt I needed a second opinion because I did not see what the other place had seen.  I checked reviews and decided on Alex Optical and sure glad I did.  I would definitely recommend this place.  When I need new glasses in a few months, I will forego my insurance and go right back to Alex Optical.  I highly recommend them and moreover, I TRUST them.
5	I visited Alex Optical today and had a great experience.  The exam was quick and professional.  Everyone was super nice and helpful.  The woman who helped me pick out glasses was patient and did not rush me.  Their prices were great and I love the glasses I picked out.
4	4 stars for the eye exam.  Dr Francois was very through.  And $49 for an eye exam (including dilation) isn't too shabby.  I did take my prescription to another store to get my glasses made.  Wasn't going to pay $100 out the door for a pair of glasses that were meant to be backups.  But I did like the fact that they had a lab right there.  So if i wanted, i could have had my new spare pair that day.  I'll be back, definitely...when I need another eye exam.
5	I ordered glasses from Albert at the Az Mills store. Albert was extremely helpful and has a very good eye for assisting in picking out frames.  A few days later the lab technician from the Thomas store called me regarding my Rx. His name is Larry, he wanted to make sure I knew how the lenses would look when completed.  He asked if I could come in and let him look at my current Rx.  I went to the Thomas location and met with him and Jessie.  They both worked with me to insure that when the lenses were made and put into the frame that I would have a look I was proud of.  So many places us the one size fits all approach. But ALEX Optical took the time and made the effort to see that I would be a satisfied customer.  It is hard to find this kind of customer service.  I highly recommend them.
4	I live close by so this has become my new local eyeglass store. On my first visit, I shopped for new glasses and ended up having my regular glasses adjusted at no cost. Now they sit on my nose better, placing the trifocals where they should be.The second visit, I brought my glasses in to repair the spring in the arm and was referred to another store. I noticed the sign that says eye exams for $49 with dialation. I'll take advantage of that on my next visit.
2	This place is affordable, and the eye doc is awesome. Very personable, very nice, maybe a little quick in his examination - or maybe he is just that good, I don't know. So far so good, and I would come back for the eye doctor alone. The rest of the organization is unorganized and not very welcoming. I felt like I tried to use a coupon in an eastern European country. I didn't have a coupon. The coupon was imaginary. Stop saying coupon. When I picked my glasses up, I tried them on immediately in the store. The right lens was good, while the left was way way off. I couldn't see a thing. I told the lady behind the counter and she said that it was just me having to get adjusted to my new glasses. I, not being an idiot, told her that it was nothing that I could get used to and that they have done something wrong. This sparked a fire of hatred in said eastern European lady, but she kept it professional.. well kinda, and said that they would look into it. I suspected that I would never see my awesome retro RayBan frames again.But I did a week later. This time I could see with both my eyes, which was intended to begin with and I was happy. However, I will not be getting lenses from this establishment again.
2	Went here to save money but paid a high price. Eyeglass selection was limited, much of the stock seemed old and pricing was higher than expected. My prior glasses had lasted for six years. The ones purchased here were just over one year old when the left hinge became loose. Took them in to have the hinge repaired. A guy took them to the back and a different guy came out with the left temple completely separated from the glasses. He said they did not guarantee glasses for more than a year and no longer had the frames. To his credit he did find frames that the existing lenses could go into, and did give a discount on the new frames, and tried to make the best of a bad situation. The new frames met an immediate need to have glasses but were not acceptable for long term use. I ended up going elsewhere for another pair of glasses that I expect will last a lot longer than one year.
5	So much better than the 'national retail chains' - great selection, very helpful staff & I like that I'm spending my money locally. Oh, much less money than those aforementioned chains! I'm already a repeat customer!
5	The eye exam exceeded my expectations. He was very patient with me during the examination, I didnt feel rushed, I felt that we were partnering to find what I was paying them for Clear sight!!! My glasses were made within an hour. Reasonably priced for someone who had to pay out of pocket.  I will return!
