3	I'm reviewing this laundromat since there are zero reviews for it and a) I wanna be the first and b) someone's gotta say something!Since my SO is stuck in Vegas for work for an entire month, he needed to find a laundromat since he wasn't hot on the idea of paying $5 a shirt to have housekeeping do it. Being the helpful, visiting SO that I am, I wanted to find a laundromat away from the strip and not too up north. The laundromat we actually wanted to go to was closed for Easter Sunday and we just happened to stumble upon Deva's.Here is what you need to know:To wash is $1.25 (basic wash, not counting those jumbo washing machines)To dry is .25 centsChange machine available for quarters and vending machine for detergent & fabric softener (although it's preferable to bring your own since it's kind of a rip-off)There is a tiny convenience store (on-site) that sells drinks & snacks. Public restroom available, a Pac-Man & pinball machine and a couple small flat-screens for your entertainment. I don't know what the culture of coin laundromats are supposed to be, having almost always had own washer/dryer at home, but this place gets the job done : )
2	Hey! This place is named Deva's Laundromat & Dry Cleaning but they DO NOT do dry cleaning!  The man said they haven't done dry cleaning in over 8 years.
1	F- for this establishment. I didn't even want to put a star, but system wouldn't allow me to post without one. Antiquated dryers that don't dry your clothes. Dryers are possessed,  they need an exorcism. They turn on and off by themselves. The owner of the place, the guy with the dogs,  said to me that the dryers are a different model. Stinking liar, there isn't a dryer in the world that does that! I'll be straight up with you folks,  save your quarters and go elsewhere,  because I am never going back there again. I will call the Better Business Bureau in the morning to report theft because they're stealing from their customers on dryers that are older than dirt and do not work properly.  Joanne Davie
