4	If you're looking for a glamorous 18-hole course with sweeping elevation changes and beautiful fairway and green conditions...you've come to the wrong place.However, this is a fantastic bargain and a great course to shoot a low score or take your first outing on a full-length course.  The fairways are dead flat and provide even lies no matter where you end up.  The rough is cut, so there is little to no danger of losing a mis-hit ball.  The rough is even easy to hit off of.  The greens have very little break.  There is water on two holes (that I remember) but oddly enough, it's on the left side of the fairways.  Since most right-handed golfers slice their shots, this won't be a problem for most people.  There are very few bunkers, but the ones that are there should be avoided as the quality of sand is very poor and quite thin.  The course is easily walkable and I would reccomend that you do just that.  A foursome walking can actually play faster than a foursome on two carts.One of the people in our foursome was a horrnedous golfer.  I doubt he had one decent shot in 18 holes.  However, the course does not penalize you for bad shots and he actually had a nice time while he didn't hold up the pace of play at all.  This made it fun to play with him regardless of his abilities.  I think he shot about a 110 which was pretty good for him.  At somewhere like Lookout Mountain, I'm sure he would have shot 150 or higher.  I paid a measly $34 on a Wednesday to walk 18-holes.  The Twilight Rate is a mere $18.  The course is certainly worth more than this making it an absolute bargain.
3	It was time for golf again this morning and it's beautiful morning to walk a golf course.When I want to walk the course, I always think about City of Phoenix owned course, because they not only allow walking a course (so many of the resort courses don't allow walking around here), the courses encourage it!Encanto is a nice little golf course...not difficult, pretty flat and roomy for those players that are directionally challenged. It's actually pretty on some holes with the city of Phoenix skyline framing the fairway or the green.The rates are definitely a bargain compared to some of the courses around the area (you will want to sign up for a Phoenix Card if you are Maricopa County resident and plan to play more than 2 rounds of golf a year, because it essentially cuts your green fee in half and pays for itself within a couple of rounds!). It's even more of a bargain, since the city started to put a little dough into maintenance, and it shows in how the course is pretty good shape (I have been out there some years in which there wasn't even a budget for watering the fairways and green...it was like hitting a golf shot from a shaved down scrub brush).They have a nice little putting green and they don't discourage chipping practice on the putting green. the driving range is adequate, as is the little snack bar (an interesting thing in the snack bar is the framed scorecard from the course record at Encanto, shot by Jonathan Kaye, a journeyman touring pro, bunch of years ago...he was like 13 or 14 under par on this course, so it kind of shows how easy Encanto plays).So, not the best course around, but fun to play, especially for the price.
4	The course is good for a cheap urban round.  It's flat and easy, but can make for a slow round (especially on weekends).  For the price I pay in the summer (usually around $15.00), it's a fantastic deal.  The course is also great for kids that are graduating from executive courses to full length tracks.
3	Played out here today for first time in almost a dozen years. This was my home course in high school and the main things I remember about those days is playing badly and homeless people always asking us for change while we were on the range and putting green.No beggars today, but there were a few harmless people meandering the course, apparently off-track from the park. It's to be expected at Encanto, though.I enjoyed the course today. As others have said, it's a straightforward, flat, no-frills course. It makes for a relaxing round and an easy walk since it's all flat. Except for a couple holes, it's a wide open course so let the driver rip. It's fun to cut the corners on some of the par 4s.There was a steady flow of golfers but it wasn't packed and everyone was relaxed and taking it easy on a Monday spring day. Nobody was rushing around, which was nice.The course is in typical muni shape. Pretty good fairways and tees, the usual irritating mixture of hard-pan and thick crabgrass in the "rough" areas, and the greens were actually above average and rolling very well. All in all, just as I expected.I enjoy the urban setting of the course although others may not. I like the skyline views and I appreciate the charm of some of the old houses along the course.Encanto is what it is. It's cheap and best used as a course for beginners, an easy walking course, or anytime you just want to let it rip and not get beat up by a challenging course. I'll be back more than once every 12 years now that I have the discount card for the Phx munis.Almost forgot about the intangibles: $3 Blue Moons on tap, $1 PBR cans, $2 Corona cans, among other cheap beer specials. Good stuff
4	City course is one of the first golf courses in Arizona, Wow have things changed with hundreds of courses in the valley.  Driving range available with a nice view of the buildings.  Also note that the food is not bad and they have a great breakfast special!   Have to say I'm a fan I play here or the short 9 on a regular basis.  Happy golfing,Kevin
4	I'm an inexperienced golfer. In fact, I have only played 5 full 18-hole rounds of golf, but so far I would have to say this has been one of my favorite courses. I only lost one ball in one of their ponds and nothing went into the bunker. Was it luck? Was it skill? It doesn't matter. Because it all pans out at the 19th hole. ;) Also, I would like to note that we played in mid-July and there were some beautifully scenic photo opportunities with the PHX skyline in the background and quite a few shaded spots for the cart to hang out while we chased down the balls (no, that's not a euphemism for girl's night out). If you are hungry while playing, it looks like you can place an order from your cell phone to Mulligan's snackbar and they'll schlep it out to you at the turn. We may look into that next time.I'll definitely be back, especially since it's quite a bargain. For the two of us, it was about $40 for 18-holes and a cart.
3	I went for an early afternoon trip to the driving range. This is the closest one from my hotel. I decided to play after a bucket. The course was in good condition. Forgiving and flat. Not a lot of challenge except for the greens. They are so sloooow.  $ typical city course.  Lots of public walkers in the course so watch out for errant shots. Not bad for a quickie round before sundown!
4	I've yet to play the course but I spend many Sundays on the driving range.  Beautiful view of downtown Phoenix.  Old school feel, lots of fun.
1	Completely disappointed that this course failed to provide notice they were closed. If you are going to be working on the course and the entire facility is going to be unavailable you should consider posting it on your website.
