1	They lost a customer in me!!!I took a coupon there that I received in the Valpak envelope that gets delivered to your home and they would not honor it. The cashier said it was a mis- print and when I asked him what does that mean does it mean you are not honoring your own coupon he plainly said " Yes we don't print them and it was not our mistake." Now I am pretty sure someone at that company had to approve  the ad before it went to print and I am sure that no one thinks that they have a printing machine in their back office. I think unless you post a retraction up in the store or on the door that they should have honored the discount which worked out to be about $4. Instead the lost a lot more, a customer.  I will never waste my time going there again. Shame on them.
2	If you're looking for craft beer - there's a very limited selection. If you're looking for cheap, tap water ... I mean domestic beer, this is your place. I say this because I stopped in over the weekend to grab some beer. I equate their beer selection to stock I normally see in supermarkets. As for the spirits and wines, I can't and won't comment but the floor was well stocked of "stuff". I believe a saw a room for cigar tasting but I didn't look too hard as I wanted to get in and get out. Next time, I'll stop in at a place that specializes in craft beer. I may stop in if I'm looking for other "adult" beverages.
3	Seemed to be a little on the pricey side, but it's a quick in and out. It's what you need when you are looking for beer. Convenient and cold.
4	This place is perfect for those of us who grew up in an area where booze is only sold in booze stores. You may pay a bit more, but it is booze and booze related items shop. I would rather go here that deal with Wal-Mart or a grocery store.The employees here are always friendly and helpful.They have a very good selection. If you want niche craft beers, go to Total or Lee's. If you want Sam Adams Seasonals, locals and regional, then Liquor Outlet has you covered. There is a good spirits selection at reasonable prices. In short, this isn't a fancy pants, snooty tooty wine and more store.It is a liver hater heaven, with ice, beef jerky, cigars, and nice people on stock and register. What more can you ask for to get your weekend started??
1	If I could give zero stars I would. Listen, I know this is a liquor store and obviously that means there's no customer service.  We bought 2 bottles of Corralejo tequila, which we drink religiously but these bottles were part of a bad lot. Meaning...the tequila had a smell like rubbing alcohol and tasted as such, not its normal smooth taste. We opened the first bottle and noticed this and brought the second bottle and the opened bottle back. We asked them to smell and they agreed something was wrong but refused to EXCHANGE the unopened bottle!  Are you kidding me? They sold us bad tequila! We have a regular spot that we buy from and our guy there asked his distributor not to bring that lot anymore, which they don't but they happened to be all out. Sad that we went to this place and they agreed they sold us something bad but wouldn't exchange the bad bottle. I'll never go back.
