4	Clean with FREE breakfast and M-W-free appetizers at 5:00 p.m.We were pleased to see how centrally located it is to downtown Matthews. (the street running along-side the hotel is Trade Street-the main drag) You can also connect to Weddington Road here. (the Plantation Mall, Mario's, Kokoros are a must do-see reviews)
3	I am torn on my review of the hotel.  Positives are: exceptionally friendly front desk staff, free managers reception with wine and appetizers, comfortable beds.  Negatives: No hot oatmeal like the vast majority of Hampton Inns have, but more importantly - my room was really really loud.  I'm not very mechanical, but the vent/opening in the bathroom where the light is was missing a screen or something, so whenever anyone on apparently any of the 3 floors above me flushed or took a shower, there was a VERY loud "woosh"ing noise.  I had to keep the bathroom door shut, and turn on a white noise app on my phone in order to get any sleep.  Do not stay in the king spa room on the second floor.
4	This Hampton Inn is a perfectly fine place to stay. The beds are comfortable and clean (they are really adamant that they wash the duvet as well as the sheets), the shower adequate and the wi-fi free and not painfully slow. All of this at an extremely reasonable rate, AND they throw in a free breakfast. That's a good deal.My only serious issue, one for which I almost deducted a star, is that they are sexist. Maybe not the staff (who were all extremely courteous), but the toilets are clearly biased against men. It was literally impossible to leave the seat up, which I discovered when it slammed down and nearly made me a woman myself. As someone who likes to multitask and brush my teeth as I go #1, this inconvenience cost me at least 30 seconds every morning I stayed here. And quite frankly, it's unacceptable.
2	Good H2O pressure & good shower head. Nice walking distance to Applebee's. Fruit Bowls were plentiful at the Breakfast Buffet. The juice machine was broken. No eggs available at the buffet. The microwavable breakfast sandwiches were not appealing. No cookies served on the weekend. Then tell me when I check in on Friday so I can grab one for Saturday. Towels are good for exfoliation; don't look for fluffy towels here. Tiny refrigerator. Beds were so uncomfortable, very hard. Luggage cart was extremely difficult to steer. Carpet in elevators was worn and needed to be replaced.  Enough complaining.
1	I am not impressed.  The rooms are much smaller compared to other hotels we typically stay in.  The rooms do not come with a fridge and microwave.  It is $10 extra per night which are teeny tiny and smaller than my daughter play fridge and microwave.   For staying 5 nights we could go buy our own microwave and take it home with us!   The beds are small...we got the two doubles...which are full size beds.  Had I know a king with a pullout could have been an option I would have preferred that.  Not able to change at this point.  Stuck with this room for 5 days with two kids and my husband makes me cringe!!!!  We may look into switching hotels for our next 4 nights!!!
5	We were extremely impressed with the interactions with the staff and the quality of their service. The hotel was very accommodating when we arrived early and wanted to freshen up before lunch. Our initial room was of average size, but the house keeping staffs' attention to detail was exceptional! They were doing some touch up painting in the hall near our room and to prevent any inconvenience, upgraded our room to another location within the hotel (equally clean, but much larger). The mattress and furnishings were very comfortable. We travel frequently around the country for business and leisure and would highly recommend staying here. There are a number of restaurants and coffee shops nearby. We also had no issue with parking. Truly impressed.
5	Impressed at the friendliness and overall service levels.  Typical clean, consistent Hampton Inn.  Recommend.
