4	I took my first class at RhythmCycle on Friday morning & loved it. I went to a spin-heavy gym in Minneapolis & was afraid I wouldn't find a studio equally as challenging. Needless to say, I did!The studio is in a great location with plenty of parking. Class times are very convenient - as early as 5:30a & as late as 9p. They offer a beginner class as well as complimentary spin shoes if you don't have them. The class was fun with great music & clear direction.*If you check-in on Yelp, your first beginner class is free.
5	Been cycling there since they opened a couple months ago. I've lost 17 lbs!!!   Classes are fun, music is great, they have great monthly specials including FREE classes! Also they have loaner cycling shoes. I love each instructors individual flavor. The classes are sure to get your heart pumpin and the beginner class takes the fear factor out of spin misconceptions.  Get in there before it fills up! :)
5	This Studio is AWESOME!!!! Great instructors, HIGH energy.... and fun music. Brand new studio, showers available to ride and go to work... black lights make your nails and neon glow.  Each instructor has a unique style. I have gone to all of them and they all rock.... saturday morning is killer.... little paige is a fierce instructor...New instructor Adam is great too.... Instructors:  Mash up Matt...... Morning Mandy....and So Cal Lisa ( owner) KICK MY TUSH!!!....When my schedule permits I also love Alma and Noelle  for their great energy and fun music and really provide a fun and challenging ride!!!  They ran an unlimited spin package in November... they change it up every month with random free class time slots and fun promos. There are loaner shoes if you don't own clips ( NEW shoes! NOT gross and nasty)  If you are new to spin the beginner class takes away the intimidation factor.   Close to renegades and stone and vine if you get the urge to spin and dine after.
5	100% recommend if you're looking for a great workout outside of your dirty crowded gym. I took advantage of the free Yelp offer and loved the class so ill def be back! And don't forget to check Groupon for a deal.
5	I have been to two really fun 'beginners' classes at Rhythm Cycle, and everyone there has been helpful, kind and inviting.  Since I am new to spin they helped set up the bike, and provided some help.   You are able to use their clip in shoes, and everything is clean and new.The music is great, class is fun and goes by quickly and is a great workout!  They seem to run good specials which make it very reasonable to get in regularly.
5	I always liked spinning, but RhythmCycle has turned that 'like' in to an undeniable 'love'. My first visit was with a friend who cycled in college, for me, I'd only done classes at my local gym a few times and didn't know what to expect. Ultimately I thought, I love working out and I love music, so it can't be that bad, right? Wrong. RhythmCycle kicks your ass--in the best way. It gets you in gear and the music keeps you pumped up the entire time. At RhythmCycle you clip in to the bikes and depending on the instructor, they use blacklights with the lights turned off to make it even cooler. What's best is that the owner, the instructors, and every person who comes to RhythmCycle are incredibly nice. When I came back last night for my second ride, I had seen that the 3 classes expired in 30 days, but I hadn't known. The owner regifted them and let me start over and when I went to buy a water but only had my debit she said I could pay her back next time. That kind of trust and kindness is awesome in a small business owner! I have done classes with both Adam and, as of last night, Mel. Mel is a new instructor and she Rocks. Seriously, you'll walk out feeling like a boss because she pushes you to the limit. She uses high energy and does a lot of climbing, which I love. I'm not much of a sprinter so this is definitely my style. She takes the time to come around and watch each spinner and get to know everyones names. Adam is laidback, fun, and will crack jokes throughout the class. No matter who you get--you'll love the experience! If you're a first timer you only pay $5 and drop ins are $20, if you get 3 classes however it's only $25. Trust me, once you go once, you'll want to keep coming back for more! They have classes at different times throughout the morning and afternoons/evenings to fit with most peoples schedules. You can sign up on their website and 'reserve a bike'. If you want to push yourself with bumpin' hits, this is the way to go, I assure you that you won't be disappointed!
5	Absolutely love Rhythm Cycle!!! I have been cycling for over 15 years and have never been so excited about finding a place that is so my style. I really enjoy all the instructors I've taken classes with so far, including Lisa, Adam, Anne, Mel, Tessa and Tracy. Rhythm Cycle is truly a dancing on the bike experience- who wants to get a GREAT workout and not really enjoy doing it? I love interval training and "jogging" to motivating music, which some gyms are discouraging now. Not Rhythm Cycle!Lisa, the owner, is extremely accommodating. I had some trouble attending some classes I wasn't able to cancel ahead of time, and she was more than happy to add them back to my account. This is the type of "personal" touch that is needed today with most businesses. I highly recommend RC to anyone looking for an incredible workout with fantastic, personable instructors.
5	Rhythm Cycle has made me LOVE spin! From the very first time I walked in the door Lisa was there to answer questions, get my bike set up and guide me. All the instructors are amazing, motivating and work so hard to fill each class with positive energy and fabulous music. I have never heard the same song twice. Its like dancing on your bike to your favorite tunes. Oh and did I mention its great for kids too? My sons are 12 & 14 and love spinning along with me. Thanks Lisa and amazing staff for converting me to a Spin Junkie!
5	I just went to my first class here, and it was a lot of fun!  The only thing I don't like is the price- it's a bit expensive.  However, you do get a lot for your money- they have bike shoes available for students to use for free, the bikes are high quality, and the fact that the room is dedicated solely to spinning makes the arrangement of the room much nicer than your standard gym spinning class, where you have to set up your own bike.  I'm looking forward to coming back during triathlon training and in the summer!
5	Rhythm Cycle is the best!  Aside from being a fun escape from the day, the instructors are ALL great and care about each person in the class. Super supportive! Beginners and advanced alike can get a great workout in the same class! And the studio is top notch! Great bikes, gum, elastic for your hair, shoes, towels... They think of everything! If you have wanted to try a spin class, this is the one. A thousand times better than the gym!
5	Rhythm cycle is my favorite spin studio in Scottsdale. It's the only boutique studio I'm North Scottsdale that I know of. Most of the other ones are in Old Town. Therefore I was already sold when I found out it was less than a mile from my house.I like to go to spin classes that make me think I'm clubbing. Rhythm cycle delivers on that with great music, and upbeat and knowledgeable instructors (love Amanda's classes!)These bikes require cycling shoes to ride, however if you get there early, the front dress has shoes you can borrow. Everyone is super friendly and really excited to be there, which is exactly what I look for in a studio!
5	After taking 2 classes here, I have to give this place a 5-star review. I was extremely intimidated by spin, but I finally got up the nerve to sign up for a class and try something new. It was a great experience from the beginning. Lisa was there right when I walked in and started showing me the ropes. She got me set up with shoes, taught me how to get in and out of the clips and explained how the class would work!The studio has towels that you can use and everything is very clean! You will be sweating profusely, but no one seems to care... You are working hard and it's all in the dark so no one can tell if you're dying! :-)After my first class Lindsay helped me to get set up with a week of unlimited classes for free from a promo the studio is running ... So needless to say, I will be back! All around great experience! Love the studio, love the burn... Don't wait... Sign up and try it!
4	I like this place and it is sad they are closing. Came here last week and tried it out. They have free shoe rental. The class is difficult and a great workout. It was hard but fun since dancing the entire time. The classes are only 45 minutes so it's perfect timing.
