2	Just in case I'm wrong, this review is for the Nathan's in the Fashion Show mall.Pros: The krinkle cut fries were lightly crispy and not oily.Cons: The hot dog was very plain and ordinary.  The jalepeno pretzel was dry on the bottom and rubbery on top.I hope this isn't representative of all Nathan's.
1	She said..." Eh i dont know if this is the right nathans or not, but it was in the palms food court. Not good at all, and way too expensive for the amount of food you get. So does this make sense....we got 3 hot dogs, one hot dog as a combo but they were all the same price. pretty lame, go somewhere else if u wanna pay 30 bucks for lunch for 2."He said, "So here we go with "world famous" again...maybe world famous rip off? so you can order a $5.95 chilli cheese dog or a $5.95 chilli cheese dog combo..apparently its the same price. We tried to tell the manager and she was confused. Maybe the smell of hot dogs got to her..or she just didn't care. Very overpriced for a bunch of meat mashed into long cylinder. What a joke this place was."
2	When I went to Las Vegas with my best friend from Jakarta who hadn't been to the U.S. in 15 years, she asked me to include a few American fast food chains in our culinary endeavors. Since we were staying at the Wynn, we ended up across the street at the food court on our first day - the only day we didn't have reservations made. And I quote, "Going to Chippendales is WAY more important than dinner."We ended up stopping at KFC for boneless fiery buffalo wings and Nathan's for their chili cheese dog and crinkle cut fries with cheese. The crinkle cut fries were SO good (seemed fresh) and the chili cheese dog was good but not memorable enough to crave again when limited to the assortment at your typical food court. The boneless wings, on the other hand... suffice to say I didn't hear the end of how good they were (even after a mediocre meal at Charlie Palmer's Aureole and a delicious one at Todd English's Olives)..
1	Worst service ever.  Went there over the weekend for a quick snack to tie us over before our dinner reservation later.  Big mistake.  We ordered two hotdogs, two fries, and two orange drinks.  The food preparer filled our one order of fries, then realized that she didn't have enough for the second order, so she had to get the manager who told her to make more, and she did this all in slow motion.  I've never a seen anyone move so slowly in a fast food place.  They then decided to give our one order of fries to the next order, so now we were waiting for our entire order, "so it wouldn't get cold."  Seriously, if they were low on fries, they should've just told us and we wouldn't have ordered them!  Now we were stuck waiting an extra 15 minutes we weren't anticipating, when we were already on a time crunch.  Every place I've ever been, if you have to wait for something, you can at least sit down and eat the rest of your order while you wait,  and they tell you there will be a wait BEFORE you place the order. So we FINALLY get our order. The hotdogs were plain, nothing special.  The fries were WAY TOO HOT to eat!  The best part of the order were the orange drinks. We will never go back there!!  What a waste of time!
4	i can't believe they have such low ratings.the thought of nathan's make my mouth water! it's so tasty that you don't even need ketchup. and this is coming from a ketchup fanatic! bf and i needed something small to hold us off until dinner time. we got two hot dogs with a side of fries that had bacon bits, cheese, and well the works. now the side wasn't the absolute best we've had but it wasn't exactly the worst. [fyi. the best is still hooters called lots of tots!!!]its like a fast food joint that is in a food court in a shopping area. what kind of service is people really expecting? you order, you get your food, you seat yourself, you clean after yourself. simple as 1 2 3!anyways the prices were reasonable. they made our fries fresh and they weren't busy so that must of been why i'm not making any complaints. I would come back to this location if im back in vegas.
4	Yo people below me are haters. Nathans has good stuff..hot dogs are good..with cheese..the fries are good..I liked this location because it's next to hot dog on a stick..lmao so I was able to get their lemonade and enjoy it with my nathans meal. On some joey chesnut type of shiii.
4	I'm actually reviewing the location inside the food court at the venetian... is this the right one?CHICKEN WINGS AND FRIES! The wings are really really good. Crispy golden with great flavor. I bit of spice to it. Get ranch.
3	Look, I love Nathans, but this one is no bueno. The service isn't nearly as good as the one in the Luxor, nor is the selection (no sandwhiches at all). If it weren't for the fries in this mother, I'd probably give it 2 stars, and only because it serves hot food.Net: If you want Nathans, go to the Luxor. If you have to eat at the Fashion Show Mall, I suggest making the walk to Chipotle by Nordstrom, or the Nordstrom Cafe itself.
4	Delicious as always! I love getting Nathan's whenever we're in Vegas because I can't get it at home.I got the Krispy Chicken Sandwich and crinkle cut fries, both were insanely good. My only real complaint is that it was pretty expensive.
