5	Eric was recommended through another installer who wasn't confident they could handle the job, brick on an older house. (I appreciated their candor!)Eric was phenomenal: he showed up on time, walked us through the process, and then set to work. His work was as close to art as you could expect to see on a dog door installation. He had to go into plaster and through the baseboards, and it ended up flawlessly.He's also an extremely kind, genuine person, and that comes across in his work and interaction. Unfailingly polite, and the sort of person you should have no compunction about inviting into your home.His workmanship was incredible; it looks like the house was built around the dog door. He went through 73-year-old brick with the care and attention necessary to ensure a flawless installation. He was even cheaper than Hale while installing a Hale door, and able to provide their warranty as well. If your dog door installation project is a bit tricky (or even run of the mill), experience is what separates a clean install from a botched, expensive ordeal. Eric has over 16 years of experience doing this and it shows.Honestly, one of the nicest contractors I've ever had the pleasure of working with. You won't be disappointed.
5	I had Eric install a high quality doggy door thru the wall in my greatroom about 2 weeks ago...The door was more money than I originally was going to spend but now I am glad I did....If I sell the home I can take it with me...The Lowes and Home Depot product not even close to what Eric has to offer....Eric was great...No pressure from him...He came out , was on time for the bid...I waited about a week before I called him back to setup the install....I know he would have installed a Lowes or Home Depot product but decided to go with the nicer door....The install went smoothly...The door looks great...Eric is a professional....THANKS
4	I called today to get a quote and Eric was very knowledgable about the doors and installation options and explained it in a way that was easy to comprehend. He also gave me a peace of mind about the scary thoughts in having a pet door and having unwanted guest come in. Still deciding whether to get it installed or not but if I do i'd definitely schedule my appointment with All About Pet Doors.
