4	Brand new Del Taco location up in Centennial Hills just off 95 and Durango. Open 24-hours like other locations. Pretty good service and consistent food, always know what to expect from Del Taco. This location is often not quite as busy as the one in Centennial Center, nice to have an option.
2	You have a choice here. Jack in the Box or Del Taco. Del Taco is great for breakfast, when you need something quick, or when there are 5 cars in Jacks drive thru.
4	Love when their coupons come out.  Saves a bunch on money.  This Del Taco is clean and new.  Staff are pretty cool and efficient.  I just don't like the wait in drive thru
3	I'm a relatively big del taco fan. I don't eat alot of fast food but if I want some tacos these are quick and some of my fav, specifically the fish tacos they're quite tasty. They also have a new like.. lower priced menu that isn't half bad. I would recommend the jacked up bean and cheese burrito off of that menu...
3	Decent fast food style tacos/burritos at a pretty good price.  Staff was friendly, but they need to do something about the wait in the drive-thru.  Been the other Del Tacos around town and this one seems to be the slowest out of them all.  Always a wait no matter what time you go.
3	Busiest in town makes it fresh.  Get some always fast fresh and friendly, its fast food, but WAY better than Taco bell..boo his...zero stars for Taco bell....  Del at least has some fresh ingredients and flavors, inferno sauce is best.    Almost a 4 star, but its a fast food place.  Service is stellar, so lets call it 3.5 stars..not 4 stars yets till they serve beer.  lol
5	This del taco has especially fresh and tasty food. The staff is always friendly and fast. Even late at night it has a line and it's still quick.
3	Being an OC native, home of Del Taco, I've been hooked on it for a long time.  Love their fries more than all other places with the exception of In-n-out.  Value can't be beat. This location is clean with friendly service.
4	These fish tacos are worth the trip. I love the fries and other goodies that they sale at this location. The drive thru is always moving pretty quickly.  The people who work the drive thru are pretty nice. But make sure that you double check your order. I give it 4 stars :)
1	In this review, I won't be able to tell you how good there meal was, how cold their drinks are, or how hard their seats were. The reason of this is, even though I was next in line to give my order, the counter lady was talking to a person on the phone about a kid who showed up to work, meanwhile the drive up person had helped the couple before me take an order only to approach them and ask for the change back because she told them the amount do from the drive through order. Back to the kid who showed up to work, apparently he didn't have a Del Taco t-shirt because the person on the phone was the manager, who was running late due to a flat tire. Therefore the counter person was told by "flat tire" person to tell the kid who showed up to work to come in tomorrow. The kid had to call his mom to come back and pick him up. Now by reading the story, you may think three things 1) I'm patient 2) I'm fair and 3) I eavesdrop a lot.Well you would be right on all three, honestly  I waited for at least 10 minutes just to be acknowledged. Finally I simply decided to go next door to Jack-In-The-Box.
4	Typically pretty fast.Only docking a star since one burger order was partially cooked. Also, there was some unprofessional drama going on.  it's irritating to place an order when there's constant giggles and such.
4	Having been through the drive through before, this was my first experience with the indoor dining area. There were seven in our party and we were ready to grub. The dining area was very clean and the service was more than adequate. Most everybody got a fish taco with their order and was impressed with the freshness and flavor. I opted for beef nachos. No skimpy portion size here. Less than fifty bucks for seven people (including my two man children) is pretty darn good. Everybody left full and satisfied. Friendly staff, cleanliness, and good, cheap eats is hard to beat.
1	How are you going to make me sit in the drive thru and repeat my order 2 twice because your too busy laughing to what someone said inside and not paying attention to the people who are waiting patiently. And on top of that because your laughing so hard when I get home and check my food to start eating with my family. I look at the receipt and the food on the counter and you forgot my French fries. Yea maybe not the biggest thing to worry about, but I paid for them and you didn't give it to me.
