5	Amazing food!!! Very satisfied with not only the seafood but the other Mexican selections as well. Also great service, very nice and friendly staff.
5	The food is extremely delicious. Service is excellent. Only downfall is they don't have any alcohol at the moment. According to the excellent waitress this restaurant has been open for 6 months and they are currently working on there liquor license. I can't wait to come back when they offer Micheladas! I Definitely recommend this delicious, fresh food!
5	Whoa! Pleasant surprise! Service was great and food was so good!! I will definitely come back for more when i return to Vegas! This is the kind of place off the strip that you get lucky to find.  Food was fresh and delicious! I had the shrimp empanadas as an appetizer - the best! The seafood mocajete was boiling and filled with all kinds of yummy seafood!
5	Loved their food!!!!! The waiter was super helpful and friendly. One of Vegas best kept secrets. The food is authentic. By far the best fried ice cream I ever had. The chef takes the time to cook every meal and it really shows the care and time they put into their food and restaurant. Can't wait to come back to Vegas and eat here again.
5	Great service and food was delicious! Pleasantly surprised. Will definitely come back next time im in Vegas!
5	Another hidden gem in DT Las Vegas. I started with the shrimp empanadas. They were really good, the green salsa was very flavorful. I had the lobster and I also enjoyed her aguachiles. Cant wait to come back next time we are in town. No beer but I think they are working on it.
5	OMG!!! My mouth still can't believe what I just ate....  My aguachiles tostada was the bomb!!!!! The best aguachiles tostada I have eaten so far, so full of flavor and tasty, and the shrimp was so fresh.... my husband was happy with his langosta plate, it was good too. Great food overall, definitely will come back next time we are in town :)
5	Found this place on yelp while visiting Las Vegas. Excellent food, excellent prices, excellent service!!!
4	Once again, YELP doesn't let you down. We wanted to find an authentic Mariscos place without the Las Vegas strip prices. Found this restaurant not too far from downtown LV. Was a little weary cause it only had 10 reviews.. thinking all the family and friends posted to increase its Rating.. but actually this place is 4 stars and awesome service.      Don't let the outside deter you from this place, yeah its hole in wall, but inside was warming and clean. The owner/manager was very friendly and attentive. The food was good to pretty good... depending what you get. I had a shrimp cocktail, and shrimps wrapped bacon on the side, my new wifey had two tostadas de cerviche which were loaded w/ tons of cerviche, Pricing was reasonable, tad bit more expensive than one I go to in Cali.. but cheaper than anything of mariscos u would find on the strip.       At conclusion of our meal, Owner/Manager thanked us and even offered deep fried ice cream for us for FREE!  We said no at first.. but decided sure why not.. not a lot of things FREE in life...  and yes it was EXCELLENT!!  Caramel/Chocolate drizzled on top, w/ crispy corn thin strips..   We'll be coming back again.  Wish I would have taken pics but we scarfed out food down pretty fast.
5	Very good place to eat, I don't really eat sea food but they have other things on the menu that is not sea food. The staff went out of there way to fix me something good that wasn't on the menu. They always have the soccer game on and good music playing. Plus authentic home made horchata that taste delicious! Definitely coming back.
5	You have probably heard the saying "don't judge a book by is  cover" and this saying is true about this restaurant. I will admit that at first glance we were hesitant to stop and eat, because its not very attractive from the outside nor it's in the best neighborhood, but trust me stop by and try it we are glad we did. The food is great and the service even better. My 5 year old son ordered a simple fish fillet grilled and they made it just like he likes it. My wife ordered a stuffed pineapple with mixed seafood and it was awesome. I ordered a stuffed fish fillet with mixed seafood and I was not disappointed. Highly recommend this place.
5	Hands down best Mexican restaurant I've ever been to! Everything is fresh and homemade, from the horchata to the tortillas! Yum!
5	My friends recommended las islatas, but I decided to give this place a try, and WOW you won't be disappointed this place is so good, will definitely be back
5	Really really good marisco place when visiting Vegas this is the place to go for mariscos their food is delicious and customer service is excellent!!!
5	Our friend recommended this place. We loved it. We started out with aguachiles and it's really good and spicy. I ordered a campechana and my brother got  caldo de pollo. Everything was delicious. We will definitely be back.
5	This place is 45 minutes away from my house. The fish tacos are that amazing. This place is absolutely yummy. The server / everything is great as well!
5	The food there is amazing everything is homemade and fresh..i love that resturant..i recomend you try it you wont be disapointed
5	First time here and the food was delicious... I tasted the tostada de aguachile (bomb) tostada mixta frita and the fish taco and it was all very very tasty. I would def recommend this place to anyone and I will def b back!
5	Ordered the aquachiles and some ceviche tostadas, highly recommend this place. Its Really good and great customer service, also the horchata was great!!
5	Amazing and authentic. Juanito provides fabulous service!! Can't wait to come and eat when I'm back in vegas!!
5	Very satisfied with this restaurant. The food here has actually been one of my biggest highlights of my vacation here in Vegas. Mariscos Playa Escondida is truly a gem and if you're ever in Vegas or passing by it, it's definitely worth the stop. I had the Molcajete con Mariscos. It was delicious, very wide selection of seafood on the molcajete and it's topped off with a nice layer of cheese. My girlfriend had Agua Chiles and I tried out some from her plate and it was probably the best Agua Chiles I have EVER had. Service is great and the staff here is very friendly. Definitely recommend it! 5***** next time I come to Vegas this will be my first place to come stop by.
5	Favorite Mexican restaurant in town! I always say good Mexican is hard to find but I have now found the best! I eat here about once a week and the food is always to die for. I have never had anything bad here. I love all of their daily specials and usually just go with the special. The owner is a really nice guy and is always accommodating as well.Word of advice, don't blink because you will miss it if you do!  It's just a little hole in the wall in a little strip mall on Charleston and Maryland.
5	Great food, always fresh love to come in and eat with the familythey have great breakfast lunch and dinner, sea food is always fresh and the people are great and have the best lunch specials.  Food is unique
5	Do not judge a book by its cover! This "off the beaten path" divey looking place has the best Mexican seafood I've ever eaten. Walking in I was unsure of what to expect. The trepidation immediately ended when the very friendly and attentive waiter brought out the agua chilies we ordered. Amazing flavor and very fresh. seafood that you wouldn't imagine you'd find in the desert. We also ordered the small parrillada and it was amazing! I was a bit surprised to see that this place had all 5 star reviews and wanted to see if it was true and let me tell you that 5 stars does not do it justice! I'll be back!
5	THIS IS NOT A DRILL!! I had to go back and see if maybe all the drinking had negatively affected my cerebrum and it's ability to make an accurate assessment of said restaurant. Naw, my cerebrum was right on. This place is in fact Mexican seafood nirvana. My family and I all had different menu items and all four of them were excellent. I hate I'm leaving Las Vegas tomorrow as I'd love to come back and get some more of this superb seafood. Until next time MPE, until next time.
5	After seeing nothing but 5 stars, I figured I'd give it a try. Once again, yelp has not let me down great service, great ambiance (a little old) and most of all GREAT food!! Coming back soon and telling my friends.
5	Great service and good food! This is the place to be if you're hungover, they'll definitely take care of you here.
5	Aguachile tostadas were delicious! Real authentic. Shrimp cocktail was ok. Owner is very nice.
5	I went there with my wife and another couple during a visit to Las Vegas and was impressed with the restaurant.  It is a family owned seafood restaurant serving dishes that reminded me of my dining experiences in Mexico.  The seafood was fresh with authentic preparation with friendly and helpful service.  The prices were reasonable and the portions were healthy.  All-in-all it was a great meal and a great experience.  I would recommend this restaurant and I plan to go there when I visit Las Vegas again.  This place is a real GEM.
5	Everytime we go on vacation we use yelp to find hidden gems! Playa Eacondida is one of those hidden gems that once you go once you can't wait to come back! We were on vacation in Las Vegas for a week and visited this place 3 separate times!! We tried the aguachiles- LOVED THEM! The pescado sandandeado-AMAZING! And the Parilla de mariscos is a must try!  This place is a must visit if you live in the area and love mariscos!!! We will definitely be back next time we visit Las Vegas!
5	Awesome food. Awesome service as well. We got there and im 5-6 minutes from ordering we had our food. The food tasted amazing and was very well portioned.  This is a go to placenif you're in vegas and want some bomb sea food!
5	Im always on the look out for Hole in the Walls and Hidden Gems. This is definitely one of them. The ambiance is what ever but thats what makes it a hole on the wall. I got the Telocete Shrimp which was delicious but I just wished it came with peeled shrimp instead of unpeeled where I had to do some work but thats ok cuz the sauce was great! The rice, beans and side salad tasted kind of plain. The service was great. Since it was my first time I was asking my server a bunch of questions which he answered greatly and you can tell the food is fresh. I would def go back but plan on trying something different.
5	Excellent! !!!!  Go there immediately.  The stuffed pineapple is amazing. Being from Los Angeles we have good authentic Mexican food. This place surpasses anything I have had in East Los Angeles.  It's worth leaving the Strip for. Go right now!!
5	Small hidden jewel of a restaurant ! I had the shrimp empanadas and agua Chile tostada , they were so delicious! The staff was so friendly and helpful. So glad I found this place !
4	Don't let the run-down strip-mall exterior fool you, there's some surprisingly sophisticated Mexican food here! When I saw all of these five-star reviews for a new place I'd never heard of, I made a beeline to check them out that very day. SHRIMP EMPANADAS: Got an order of 3, just as good as everyone else says. Empanadas are perfectly cooked without being oily, and the filling is just the right amount with a slight kick of spice and they don't skimp on the shrimp.MARLIN TACO: Be still my heart! I fell in love with marlin tacos on a recent trip to San Diego and can't get enough of them since. A small taco, for $3.50, with cheese, several avocado slices, and perfectly roasted marlin. So good I almost ordered a few more to-go.AGUACATE RELLENO: Special of the day, a ceviche-stuffed avocado. Each 'cado half was overflowing, and there was a pile more on the plate. I don't think I've ever had more ceviche for $12, and the avocado was huge. Plating was beautiful, with a rim of cucumber slices serving a functional and decorative purpose.Side note: I grew up eating jalapenos, and the sauces here are supremely spicy and detract from the food instead of enhancing them. A bit too heavy-handed there, so proceed with caution when you see the salsas and sauces.Personable service, plentiful portions, and good prices for high-quality Mexican seafood. This isn't your average taco shack, this place is SO much more!**Free horchata with Yelp check-in!**
5	Wow!!! Deffinetly a hole in the wall. Both the food and the customer service was outstanding.  We will come back
5	Please look past the crap strip mall, the speaker outside on a chair and get inside and EAT! Everything I have ordered has been incredible....had the Camaron De Ojo today and it was bananas. Atmosphere is whatever, wouldn't recommend it for a first date...gotta have a down to earth girl for this one! Its all about the food!!
5	Needing seafood, we decided to look up agauchiles on yelp. We came across a little spot off the strip and decided to give it a try. We were very pleased with customer service and of course the food was phenomenal. You must try the shrimp empanadas! Great after a long night of drinking. Another plate that was very tasty was the mojara a la diabla. Great taste and very filling. Oh and let's not forget about the aguachiles they were excellent! So if you're in Vegas come give this place a try!
5	Loved the guacamole - so fresh.  The server said it is made after it is ordered. The food is great quality.
5	Amazing food!!! This is going to be my "go to" restaurant. The cerviche was great. Every one loved their food.
4	Ok I took off a start ONLY because of the location (people wandering in looking for water, etc...) But the food here was AMAZING... every single item we had was unique and absolutely amazing. Even seafood we typically don't like was prepared so well that we were reconsidering our positions on them. We have the pineapple full of spicy seafood--weird sounding, I know, but it was absolutely delightful. I can't wait to go back and try more stuff!
5	Best seafood I've had in Las Vegas and it's by a long shot! Must try and is gonna be my regular stop every time in Vegas! Love it!
5	I can't imagine an authentic mexican seafood restaurant (in a questionable strip mall) being any better than this. Our waiter could not have been nicer. The shrimp empanadas were great, and the accompanying lime chile sauce was INCREDIBLE. My eyes were watering from the heat and I couldn't....stop...eating.Everything else (guac, chicken burrito, fish diabla) were SO much better than your normal mexican place. Prices were very reasonable. Can't expect anything more.Go now!
5	We had empanadas and a mocajate (sp?). Both were good. The former comes with a great sauce. The latter is good and enough for two without anything else. Nice owner as well.
3	With a 5 star review on yelp, I thought it must be real good seafood... Eh.I was looking for something comparable to las Islitas with out the high price tag and, playa popped up. Small yet clean little place. Very attentive server and prompt. I got the shrimp a la diabla, shrimp mojo de ajo, ostiones preparados, langostina, and shrimp al vapor..(I came with a party of 4).Shrimp a la diabla (spicy shrimp)- spicy but bleh flavor, garlicky rice was ok, lettuce on the side was just a waste of lettuce, but I really enjoyed the beans bc it had pieces of chicharron.. Atleast I hope that's what it was.Mojo de ajo shrimp (garlic butter shrimp) tasted more of onions than garlic. Definitely not memorable. Shrimp al vapor (steamed shrimp) was nicely seasoned but was almost too sweet for my taste, due to all the bell peppers. Langostinas (langoustines)- nice spicy sauce, but only came with 3 langoustines. There was hardly any meat in them which made that dish disappointing. Ostiones preparados (prepared oysters with a shrimp salad on top)-were ok, but you can tell the oysters weren't fresh. I'm used to the ones sold at "las Islitas" so I might've had my hopes too high. The shrimp salad needed more lemon and some salt and maybe a nice sauce to top it off. All in all, the place was nice and clean and service was friendly and prompt. Food was ok, but not worth the 5 yelp stars in my opinion. The prices are fair, but I think this would be my first and last visit since it didn't wow me. I think I'll stick with las Islitas whenever I'm in the mood for oysters and shrimp.
5	Ok so being from Los Angeles I know Mexican food. After we saw all the stellar reviews we figured we would stop by and this give place a try... Once again yelp was right. If you love seafood this is a must go to place in Las Vegas!!!We tried the shrimp with green sauce (sorry i don't remember the name now) and it was delicious. The flavor was very natural and overall delicious. We also tried the large shrimp in a spicy red sauce (sorry I'm writing this in Vegas and I don't remember the name) and that was also amazing. We almost licked the plate clean it was so good.The server was attentive and informative. Took the time to explain to us the items on the menu. He also asked us to tell him how spicy we wanted our food from 1-10. We chose a 7 and to us it was perfect.So my wife now says this was her favorite seafood place. We're definitely going back now! The prices were reasonable since they give you a good amount of seafood and the quality was great. Not cheap but not expensive either. Instead of going on the strip for a healthy alternative try this place out.
5	Aloha ok wanted to eat some real Mexican food before leaving to go back home to hawaii well this place so good wanted to bring some home. I had the shrimp empandas it was off the hook, the carne asada fajita my husband enjoyed it not a fan of Mexican rice but loved it. Will definitely come back.
3	Coming from l.a we were looking for a great seafood place. We found this place with 5 stars so decided to try it out! We had a party of 5. Getting here the waitress took long to come take our orders. She wouldn't come ask if we needed anything. We had to remind her for our drinks or chips. First time being here and we asked what the burrito had and she didn't know. Bad service!!!!! On the bright side the food was bomb! A place like this with great food should have better service!!!
5	This is the best kept hidden secret for Mexican seafood dishes.  EVERYTHING is freshly prepared and the seafood is fresh and excellent.  The owner Roberto is extremely nice, very thorough when explaining the menu and is very accomodating.  Make sure to try the aguachiles and shrimp empanadas...but everything is fantastic!
5	Very very delicious.... Authentic food...rice and beans were excellent..good size portions for a reasonable price...very friendly service.. Do not let the area or run down strip mall deter you from eating at this establishment...
5	I live in Los Angeles, I have taste the best mariscos spots... Let me tell you that the Playa escondida food was awesome!!! Agua chiles are great!!! I will be back!!!!
5	Went again last night....better than the first time!! New sangria and beer options along with the updated decor makes it even better!
5	Yelp family you've done me right yet again. I had friends in from Texas and wanted to find a Mexican restaurant that was authentic!!  The restaurant is tucked on a corner of the strip mall and decor is cheesy. Painted scenes of the beach. The service and food are 5 star.  amazing and delicious.  Well done!!!!
5	Came to Vegas for a bachelorette and all of us being spicy Latinas looking for a much needed spicy hangover remedy.  Came across this restaurant on Yelp with awesome reviews. It lives up to their expectations. We order amazing micheladas and an awesome magoniada. Our server was so attentive and took great care of us ladies. I recommend this place to all, specially out of towners looking for a spicy Mexican Seafood Rest!
5	This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant. A sweet family runs it, with the son in the front of the house and mom in the kitchen. To start, the chips and salsa are top notch. Something so simple can vary greatly, but the complexity of flavor in the salsa and the fresh crispy chips make these stand out as one of the better versions I've had. The shrimp here are especially fresh, and the restaurant takes a lot of care in cleaning and preparing them. They may be small but they are plump and tasty. I recommend trying them in the Aguacaliente ceviche style (either chopped on a tostada or whole in the full appetizer version) or the Chipotle entree style. Fajitas are hit or miss (once the veggies were overcooked with far too much oil), but they do come with a nice added touch of a little quesadilla on top. House specialties are done well, but I find myself coming back for the shrimp. All entrees are served with deliciously authentic beans. For the value, you'd be hard-pressed to find a better Mexican seafood restaurant in town. I highly recommend Mariscos Playa Escondida!
5	Everything was delicious... !!! @-@ a must when visiting vegas... if authentic food is what you are looking for... this is it!!
5	Love this place great service and food. Try the camarones a la diabla for the hang overs there really spicy. Only thing I hate is the area this place is a real diamond in the rough.
5	One of the things I miss about L.A. is delicious, authentic Mexican food. It took me a long time to finally find amazing Mexican food. Believe me, I have tried. We started off with the complimentary chips and salsa. I liked the salsa right away. Then, we ate the camarones aguachiles appetizer. It's big enough to share with 2-3 people. Then, we had the empanadas de camaron, coctel de pulpo, camarones a la diabla, marlin taco, camaron taco, & a hard-shelled shrimp cheese taco which I can't remember the name of (Tubbz?). Holy crap, everything was incredible! You always find the best Mexican food at hole in the wall places. You will not find it at any of the casinos or franchises around this town. Minor complaints- I wish the octopus were bigger pieces but not a deal breaker and it's too far from my house!I'm going to go out on a limb and say if you love seafood and Mexican food with a little kick, you can't go wrong with anything here.
4	HOT HOT HOT! Real Mexican FoodNO fake watered down Americanized food here says the owner as he was helping me with my with my menu selection. I needed my hangover cure Mexicano style after a long night of remy martin and loud ass music. First things first he could tell my wife and I were hurting offers a $5 Michelada. Serve it up please. He quickly comes back with Fresh Chips and Salsa. Chips were warm salsa was spicy a bit salty for me but good. The michelada is about the only item not on point served in a large glass cup, rimmed with the usual fruit salad salt, however there was no Ice or whatever remnants of ice were melted through. Not much mixed inside tasted like clamato and beer it was not terrible but Ive had and make way better thus -1 star. But Im here for the food so bring it on. We wanted something cold and refreshing but also something hot and filling. The owner recommended their shrimp empanadas to start off. I ordered a plate of 3 $8. They were soooo good. Served super duper hot nice and crispy not oily, plenty of shrimp inside with pico de gallo and a wonderful green salsa on the side. This salsa was very good not salty just perfectly spicy and citrusy. I burned my mouth eating it, dont care love my food piping hot. These were very filling and big, Im already full WTH. Next my wife ordered the large shrimp cocktail $12. Cocktail had plenty of shrimp, not like other restaurants that either have tiny shrimp you need a magnifying glass to see or 5 medium shrimp bobbing up and down with nothing but vegetables. This cocktail had tons of medium sized shrimp with just enough veggies and lots of avocado in the mix. The shrimp were soft to the bite, the juice was tasty enough salt and citrus flavors perfect for the hangover cure. For my filling apetite I opted for the Camarones a la Diabla. Now for you hueros be careful when ordering this plate. The owner asked me, no warned me do you want the house style or medium level of heat the sauce comes with. I says man make them how you make them bro dont water em down for me "este cabron thinks I cant handle it, im don chingon fool" Alright you got it. My plate arrived everything fresh and piping hot. Lots of medium sized shrimp onions and bellpeppers served in a thick mole type broth with white rice, salad, and beans on the side $14. My first bite of the shrimp reminded me of my wifes home made mole recipe passed down from her grandma in Zacatecas not that mole u get in the jar. This Sauce was delicious, first bite I says good what the problem is, well u ever here of an afterburn and no Im not talking about working out. Shortly after swalling my mouth was on fire but even though it was on fire and could not be quenched by the michelada or my wifes cold coktail I immediately started to drink; I kept on eating it was too delicious. The owner came by several times "te lo rebajo si quieres?", I can reduce the heat for you if you want. Each time he passed my nose was running eyes were crying but I kept trucking on best camarones a la diabla  ever I had I told him. He says if they dont make your nose runny their not camarones al diabla.This is real mexican food just like my mother makes it. The white rice was delicious soft and not oily like most restaurants that serve orange rice. Beans, be careful sooo good, but that also means they may be cooked with lard so yes later you may have a gas issue. Although surprisingly I did not. All in all good quality food, good service, great prices. Location is totally ghetto yo, downtown area 10-15 min drive from the strip but worth it. Located in a strip mall behind the TACOS MEXICO. We thought they were closed at 10:10am on Sunday but owner just opened up for us as we were leaving glad he did. The inside of the restaurant is clean, very small tastefully decorated with murals throughout. I will  try their ceviche and aguachiles next time Im in Vegas.
4	A small hole-in-the wall type joint that is putting out some flavorful food! This place is hidden in a shopping center that you would easily pass by. Luckily, they have good reviews here on Yelp.   Service is very good. Berto is personable and knows the menu very well. The food was yummy! Chips and salsa were delicious (I feel this is always a good indicator how the food will taste at a Mexican restaurant). I ordered the Aguachiles and wow was it good. Limey, salty and spicy! I also had a michelada and must say it was one of the best I've ever had. Finished off the meal with a horchata (best I've had before-- home-made) and the fried ice cream was very good, too!I will be backkkkk
5	Hands down the best sea food I've had! From the shrimp cocktail to the filete relleno! Great food and great company will never go wrong! Will definitely go back!
5	Forget "Las Islitas" that spot is just a hype...Mariscos Playa Escondida has the best seafood/mariscos in the WORLD!  Los aguachiles estaban bien perrones! The tostada mixta was bomb too! Reasonably priced! this is your spot for the cruda! Trust me!! Sincerely,A very satisfied customer!
5	What a find!! About 4 miles of the Strip in a little strip mall. Clean restaurant with super friendly service. We tracked this place down after reading the reviews on Yelp and finding that they have aguacates rellenos. The only place we can usually find those is in Chula Vista. The salsa is awesome!!! We definitely will be back.
5	The staff is super nice. Having never eaten here before I had no concept on how big the platillos were. Huge portions! Pro tip: split a cocktail and get a platillo dinner and you will have more than enough to eat! Bomb michelada!  Delicious food!
5	Great seafood, had filete relleno was so good and emapandas were awesome as well! Will come again for food and a michelada!!
5	1st impression, we were almost afraid to go in, but glad we did! Every thing was great. You'd think you were in Cancun. Great seafood. My husband had the snapper. AMAZING! Then the show started!!!
1	I took my family to this little restaurant because of the great reviews on yelp but this will be the first and last time I will ever go again the one good thing about the restaurant is its cleanliness but the food is tasteless, the service was a little less than average, and prices are really high. In the future I will be more careful in choosing where I go. I don't think this restaurant deserves such high reviews
4	The apps are awesome...The menu is somewhat hard to read.Both worth it...It is very ... very hard to find to find.
5	Great and authentic Mexican food.  We just discovered this place last month and have already been there three times. We have been cautious about trying the drinks but they look really good.
5	Excellent restaurant!  I had the empenadas,  fish taco and deep fried ice cream.   Service was very good. Menu is in Spanish and my waiter did not appear to speak English. I could read enough Spanish to understand the menu, so it all worked out.
5	Small joint, but GREAT! Service. The waiter was attentive and even cater to our desire for micheladas for our hangover (they ran out of tomato juice, but made a quick trip and got us some). There is plenty of parking. This place is in a "low key" shopping center behind Taco de Mexico. We went to the Premium Outlets and got hungry, couldn't desire what to eat....sea food sounded great! Definitely WIll be back on my next trip!
5	Neck and neck with Los Tacos for best Mexican food I've had in Vegas. Chicken enchiladas are incredible.
5	What a great lunch, had the mixed seafood  cerviche, guacamole and chicken fajita. Then dessert fried ice cream to die for...seriously.
4	Good food an the place was very clean.Great wait staff.. I've been to 27 cities in Mexico and I appreciate the authenticity of this place!
5	My husband and I loved this restaurant! The service was excellent and the food was fresh and delicious. Our waiter spoke perfect English and was excited to inform us that their English menu will be coming out very soon.We got the shrimp empanadas as an appetizer and they were my favorite thing we tasted. For our meals, we ordered Kahlua shrimp and Pina Rellena. The Pina Rellena is a seafood combination with a sweet and sour sauce served inside a cored out pineapple. It was beautiful and tasty!! And the other meal was pretty fantastic as well. We also saved a lot of money getting off the strip for the evening!Well done, Playa Escondida! We will definitely be back.
5	Good seafood close to downtown vegas good preparadas that their version of micheladas but they are f nnn bomb try them out
5	A friend recommended Mariscos Playa Escondida and boy did it win us over. This Mexican restaurant specializing in seafood was completely off my radar. It's located on East Charleston near Maryland Pkwy in a stripmall tucked behind Tacos Mexico. It could easily be missed if you weren't specifically looking for it. It's a true hole in wall, but let me tell you it is a gem! This was an experience equal to those we've had off the beaten path in the Riveria Maya. No flight or passports required. It's hard to believe they can achieve these flavors and create this delicious seafood in the middle of the desert. But they do it. We let our friendly server guide us with our order. He recommended the aguachile tostada and the shrimp empanadas. We had to have both. The empanadas were too hot to handle from the fryer so we let those cool, while we dug into the aguachile. They offer spicy dishes on a scale of 1-10, we ordered an 8 for everything. There was no false advertisement everything had a nice kick just the way we like it. The aguachile is diced shrimp marinated in chiles and lime. If you like ceviche, you'll love this. We gobbled it up between bites of the house salsa and chips. The empanadas are the best I've had outside Ecuador. These were filled with tender shrimp, onions, tomatoes and garlic. Damn tasty! I'd go for some now, if they were only open on Mondays. Definitely a must a try! We had three for $8. I was easily swayed on the whole snapper ($9/lb) its topped with spicy cream sauce, onions, jalapenos and avocado, and served with rice, beans and handmade tortillas. I prefer the corn to the flour. I've enjoyed snapper half a dozen ways but snapper tacos were a first; they did not disappoint. A two pound fish left plenty to share with the husband.He ordered the appetizer of the el tecolote shrimp per our servers suggestion. He warned that it was a lot of work, but definitely worth the effort. He was right. The flavor was fantastic. They have a nice variety of Cerveza ($3.50). We had five Victorias between us and a few pounds of seafood for $75. It was a steal and a real treat!
5	WOOOOOWWWWWW! My friends and I were downtown and looking for a place to eat and thank God for Yelp! Off the bat the chips and salsa came out and that fresh homemade salsa was out of this world. I am literally still drooling from it. We ordered the fish and shrimp ceviche and the empanadas for appetizers and were blown away. So fresh and just delicious. We then ordered the family sized molcajete which had chicken, steak, shrimp, chorizo, avocado, catcus, onions, so much and literally every single item was better than the next. My friends and I cannot wait to go back again. I had my leftovers the morning after and it was still so ridiculously good. The waiter (i didnt get his name) was super friendly, joked with us, recommended food, told us how big the portions were so we could order correctly (which we didn't listen to but he tried). We had a bunch of kids with us and he even put the television back on and put Harry Potter on for them. It is not in the best area but do not let that stop you, the food is legit. I'm looking forward to my next trip there!
5	Epic. One of the best meals I have ever had in Vegas. Period. Lunch time, Monday. Get greeted and seated right away by a super friendly waiter (part of the family who owns it). Order: apps: Aguachiles, oysters preparado. Entree: I get the mariscos molcajete and wife gets the fried catfish with pico de gallo. HOLY CRAP!! Everything was off the hook. Bold, in your face flavors, incredibly fresh and authentic. The Aguachiles, ceviche style shrimp in a spicy lime chile sauce, was mouth watering and perfectly spicy at a 5 out of 10. The oysters were topped with a generous pile of ceviche mixto with a great hot sauce and even under all that you could still taste the creamy, briny oyster. My molcajete was huge and the sauce is so balanced and deep in flavor. The catfish was PERFECTLY fried and was juicy and tender. Washed it all down with a free horchata for checking in. This is serious Mexican seafood, and could command a much greater price, but it's location and family oriented style makes it affordable and outstanding. Truly a gem on the Vegas casual dining scene. GO NOW!!
5	Took our family there for lunch and there was so much food, it ended up as dinner!  Had the seafood mocajete and it was huge and tasted wonderful.  My only complaint is that the clam was added in its open shell, and the dish was so hot and bubbly, that I couldn't easily remove it.  This meal has an awesome presentation, and continues to sizzle at the table for quite some time!  The white rice they serve with some dishes is limey, and quite tasty...not the usual Spanish rice (though they serve that too).  Yes, the restaurant is in a run down area and looks pretty iffy on the outside, but inside was clean and definitely worth the trip.  Everyone at the table raved at how good their selection was, from the fish filet to the ceviche, to the shrimp cocktail.  Will definitely go there again when in Vegas!!
5	Food is bomb I'm from Los Angeles and found this place through yelp. Recommend the aguas chile, burritos, molcajete, shrimp al mojo de ajo everything was good! Won't b disappointed...
5	We were looking for a good mexican restaurant to eat at downtown. After seeing the reviews and pictures of the food on Yelp we had to give this place a try. It did not disappoint. Great food. Give it a try!
5	Amazing fresh fish selections...get the mixed ceviche and thank me later.  Oh and how about the Molcajete...wowzers.   This place is legit, off the beaten path (not too crowded) amazing food and huge portions at reasonable prices.  Definitely coming back here.
5	Literary Mariscos Escondida. Did two loops, because GPS was not cutting it. You do have to keep an eye out as it is tucked away like a hidden gem waiting to be discovered. Oh boy! was it discovered. This place was worth the drive. It was really tasty.  We ordered a tostada each of #4 spicy aguachile camarones and gosh it arrived packed with so much chunky shrimp.   Flavors are on point.  We accompanied our meal with a michelada de corona, that was real good too.I really just want to get on a plane fly to LV for some not so simple and magical Mexican food and order me a Molcajete de mariscos.  Service was excellent - these folks really have it going on.  Going back PHO SHO!...LOL!
