4	Arizona Solar Concepts is awesome.  Greg Field did our initial consultations and he really helped to educate us on how the photovoltaic technology worked and what we could expect from the whole process of installing solar panels for our home.  He helped us pick the best type and size of panels for us and really made us feel good about the decision.  Hey, its a lot of money after all!Though it took longer than expected (1 1/2 months) to get all the necessary approvals (HOA, City of Chandler, SRP), the office staff kept everything moving forward with minimal work needed from us.  I do wish we had been warned about the length of time it would take, though.  Originally we were assured by them that it would only be 10 days but other people have said that it always takes a long time.  Once it was finally time to install the panels, the crew came out and got the whole thing done in only two days!  The guys who came out to do the installation were all friendly and very professional.  They did an excellent job of making sure that the installation was not only functional but attractive looking.  They completely cleaned up after themselves when they were done even though I am sure they were anxious to leave since it was blazing hot out that day and they had to work late into the afternoon to get it all finished.  It is a big pet peeve of mine when installation or repair crews who are doing work at your home leave a mess behind, so this was greatly appreciated.  They even took the time to fish out a couple of small pieces that had fallen into the pool due to the wind storm the previous night.From start to finish, this company was great and we just couldn't be happier with our new solar panels!  I think this is something that everyone in Phoenix should be doing.  Why not harness the power of that blazing sun overhead?  Yes, they cost a lot but the SRP rebate gets taken out of the cost up front and then you get 30% back when you file your taxes.  This company made it just so easy that I don't see why everyone doesn't want to get solar panels!
5	We began looking at solar in the summer and worked with Greg Field.  We had his help on a couple of projects done with APS to improve air duct efficiency--he was great. So we had him present different options--I would strongly encourage anyonethinking about a solar product to have Greg give you the options--his information isclear and everything is done via emai/web--no paper!  Awesome experience.Arizona Solar Concepts was the installer of the system we selected through a SunPower lease.  They are fantastic--from Clint the owner to Aaron the installer and Danielle in the office.  Always available, always responsive.Now APS on the other hand made the process take about 3 weeks longer thannecessary.  Communication with them was challenging and I made a number of calls to get them to commit to a final review--very challenging.We also had a problem with our meter in the middle of the project that Arizona SolarConcepts had no responsibility for--but they stepped up and helped out--I can't sayenough good things about Clint the owner.So please make sure you work with Greg to get some purchase v lease options and if you can select your installer--you should work with Arizona Solar Concepts.They employ their own crews, they are on time and professional!!
4	I decided to write an update since we used AZ Solar Concepts again recently to purchase our solar water heater.  "What!?", you say.  "Why are you getting a solar hot water heater when you have a bunch of photovoltaic panels up on your roof already?"  Well, because even though we are very pleased with our solar panels and over the last year they have saved us an average of $120 a month, you can always do better.  Last year we got a big enough system so that we'd have a couple of free months in the winter but we are still paying almost $200 in the peak of summer.  We could have gotten a bigger system but that would have been much more expensive and outside of the SRP rebate limit at the time so it just wasn't a cost-effective decision.  But the new water heater was relatively cheap and should shave an extra $30 off our electric bill every month.We got an estimate on the solar hot water heater from a plumbing company that was competitive for comparable equipment but AZ Solar Concepts had a lot more options available including a system that was a much cheaper because it does not have the extra motorized pump that flushes the system out if the temperatures approach freezing on the roof.  Most solar water heaters have that extra pump to avoid damage to the system in the winter but here in Phoenix I can pretty much guarantee you it is never going to get below 30 degrees on my roof.  So, having that option saved us a couple thousand dollars.This time around the whole process went really fast and smooth.  Of course, there are a lot fewer hoops you have to jump thru (permits, rebates, etc) for a water heater compared to a full blown PV system.  The only thing I did not like was that when the guys came out for the install, the specs they had told them to put the new water heater panel in the exact same place as our existing panels.  I was completely floored that they didn't know about the existing panels since they were the ones that installed them.  They told me that the company has outsourced the documentation to a separate company that does architectural specs and that they usually use Google maps to look at the roof (which everyone knows can be years out of date).  I thought that was just ridiculous!  If it wasn't for that, they would have gotten 5 stars from me.
4	A recent Yelp talk thread got me thinking.... how much money am I really saving with these solar panels? Well I just spent some time crunching the numbers and according to our online SRP accout, we averaged 52.5 kWh per day from 7/1/2010 to 6/30/2011. That is around the time we got the solar panels but I can't go back further because we didn't have a smart meter prior to summer of 2010. This last year we averaged 20 kWh per day (5/20/2012 to 5/20/2013). So that is a savings of 32.5 kWh per day. If you assume SRP's standard price of $0.08 per kWh then we are saving $2.60 per day or $950 per year.That doesn't even include the fact that when you go over 700 Kwh per month (which we did frequently prior to getting the solar panels but not now) SRP charges you a higher rate. And in the summer they charge a higher rate as well. So really our savings in dollars are much higher. And since rates continue to go up every year, we will likely be saving even more money in the future from this same investment we made up front.
1	If I could give this company Zero stars I would. I signed up with them in October of 2011. It took until May of 2012 for my installation to be complete. Building inspectors and APS inspectors showed up randomly to meet with them at my property and they never bothered to show up. This happened about four times. Even the building inspectors were exasperated by the end. A year after installation I noticed I wasn't producing what I should based on the contract and called Sunpower (manufacturer of the system). It took over 6 weeks for Arizona Solar Concepts to send someone out, and that was after I called weekly and finally sent a letter to Sunpower threatening Arbitration. They sent someone out without setting an appointment with me and when they showed up I was on my way to work and couldn't stay. They never called me or notified me of the results of their inspection. Sunpower called me two weeks ago to follow up that everything was complete. I told them I had no idea since no one has contacted me. I still have heard nothing. RUN! Don't walk away from this company. It is run either by the Three Stooges or the Keystone Kops. I haven't figured out which yet.
1	Update.  It is 7/31/13.  Arizona solar concepts finally called me back yesterday.   Of course I am in Europe and couldn't take their call but it's nice knowing they return calls after two months.  More to come I suppose.
1	Panels were installed within 4 months of signing contract, but system took about a year to get running. Responses to emails and calls to them would take weeks to receive a reply. There were problems with getting approvals from APS or the HOA or someone else.  After months of excuses from them, I finally  left a message to our agent to come take the panels off and to cancel the contract . The agent had someone else return my call and we decided to go ahead  and keep the system. They managed to send someone out the next day, but he was 2 hours late for the appointed time and didn't bother to call. Overall it has been a bad experience.  I should have just canceled.
5	We have used AZ concept for our Solar  Hot water and solar system.  I have read these reviews and what people forget about is that there are many company's out there selling solar. The utility companies are backed up three months or more. When ours was finally installed about 3months ,which we were advised of by solar concept. SR said they were sorry but it takes this long right now. After everything passed that day SR advised would be a minimum of 3wk before it would be turned on, was about 31/2wk This was of no fault of AZ CONCEPTS. They have been great to work with, when I had questions, they answered them for me. We are very happy with the SOLAR HEATER AND SOLAR on our home.   The installers that put the solar heater and the panels on our roof were very kind and courteous. You don't see that in workers today
1	I had this  company in and they talked about how you  a credit score or 680 to get the SPECIAL lease program. I had just bought a car 4 weeks before and paid cash but they still had to pull my score, it was over 700 but the one form solar concepts came back as, this bothered me a lot so I have called Transunion 3 times(solar concepts says they only use Transunion) and three times I have been to that  663 is NOT MY SCORE and that solar concepts (part of sunpower based in San Jose) actually does something else to the score so it is not your usual credit score to bring it down presumably so you fail to qualify for the lease program. I am sure you would pass if you were to BUY the system. I dislike companies who play games. So SUNPOWER/ARIZONA SOLAR CONCEPTS you get my vote of NO CONFIDENCE.
