2	Lush presents a huge problem for me.I wander around thinking "WTF is all this stuff? Is it food?" I can't figure it out and I spend the whole time wanting to nibble on the obscure bars of soap and bath bombs. My boyfriend and I went in here looking for Christmas presents and we were both more interested in eating the products than actually bathing in them. I guess you have to be one of those girls who spends her Sunday nights in a bath with copious amounts of bath products, surrounded by candles while listening to Celine Dion and crying about singledom, to enjoy Lush. I would much prefer a bottle of Radox. Plus I have heard that these bath bombs can be quite uncomfortable if they get in certain places.
3	You can smell this shop from a while away. It boasts hand made soaps, body scrubs, lotions and other potions, and you have to have a strong nose to enter this shop- I am positive the shop-assistants have lost their sense of smell and I have heard stories of people getting nose bleeds upon entering here.Putting this aside, this place is ideal for a gift or two. Their soaps and bath bombs are fun and colourful and most smell nice. They come in blocks and look suspiciously like chocolate or candy. I did not like their body lotion at all- sort of smelt of plasticine and left my skin sticky rather than moisturised, but their soaps are good and smell good! The shop assistants are super friendly as well. So why three stars? Well personally I am not a huge fan of too smelly shops and my head does hurt if I stay too long in here. Then again that's just me.
4	Despite it's wonderful smell, whimsical attitude, and general air of niceness, unless you're a true soap fanatic, I can only think of one reason why you'd ever really be required to visit Lush. You have a female relative / friend you don't know / like, and need to buy her a gift for her birthday / Xmas / funeral as soon as possible. Lush comes up trumps every time, but still didn't do enough to keep my in my great aunt's inheritance. Ungrateful old bag.
4	I'm a big fan of Lush, and this store is no exception to my lust for its products.Here are a few reasons why you should shop at Lush:- Their products are handmade.- They're against animal testing.- They are very informative about what they put in their products.- They steer clear of bad chemicals which, in the long term, do a lot more damage than they tell you on the packet.- Their products have cool, appealing names.- They do awesome pampering packs which are perfect for birthdays.Yes, it smells heavily perfumed and it looks pretty girly from the offset. But since my face has been nostalgic for my teen years for the past wee while and I have quite a bad acne revival (I know, it's gross), Lush products are gentle and helpful at clearing my skin up. My friend used to work in one of the Glasgow branches years ago and she's great at giving me the low down on what I should be using to clear up my face. Not only does it work as much as it can, but it smells good enough to eat, too.I'd recommend Lush for more than just presents - the company are ethical and clued up on what is really good for your skin!
3	Crickey, you can literally taste the smell that comes out of this place if you stand down wind of it on a warm day. It's a nice smell/cloying taste, but it is certainly overpowering.If you arent already high from the fumes that waft out of Lush, step in and prepare to get off your face on all the soaps and bath bombs your heart desires. They all smell great, some of them look good enough to eat, they are all natural and hand made and eco-friendly and all that other gubbins which comes with a 'doesnt test on animals' soap shop.Trouble is, its expensive - really expensive for somnething that is literally going to go down the drain. Not worth it in my opinion, but I'm still impressed by it all.
3	The lure of the sweet smelling soaps and other bathroom pleasures never fails to please me as I walk past Lush.  They seem to have the combination of a rustic wooden interior and attractive sales arrangements just right.They're doing a shower-gel, soap and bath refresher kit guised in a toy box at the minute for Father's day.  I'd no doubt get a funny look having presented that to my dad but nonetheless its all good stuff.Never bought anything from the place though.
4	I'll be honest, I like to go in and say that I haven't been in before so they'll show me stuff and give me demos...  like the one time one of the staff members used the body melts on my arm.  Best free massage!  The customer service in this store is really good and that's why despite the small size of the store, I really like it.I was looking at some of the face masks when I walked in and admittedly I don't know much about them and haven't used them before.  One of the staff members came over and helped me out.  He asked me questions about what I want and my skin type, then he explained a couple of the different masks to me.  I noticed that all this stuff was on ice, so I asked about that and explained that I was staying in a hotel and wondered how long I would have before getting it in the fridge.  He then said, "If you like, I could give you a sample, just enough for one mask."  Of course I would like that!He didn't follow me around the store, but helped out when I needed the help.  And since there was a face mask planned for my evening, I figured a nice bath bomb would be a good way to add to it =).
4	It was Heather's E review that popped up on here the other day that reminded me just how much I *do* like Lush, and not just Lush but this particular branch of Lush.Lush is Lush (and Lush is also lush. Still with me?) What I mean is, its a chain so the products you buy in one store are very similar to the ones you'll find in another. Although saying that, I do like the quirky wee thing Lush do where they put a sticker on every single product of the date the product was made and exactly which employee, along with a wee cartoon of them. Every time I wash my hair I feel I'm bonding with James, y'know?Anyway. I do like Lush products. They're good at what they claim to do, they're an extravagant treat, their pre-pacakged gift boxes are fab stocking fillers, and they provide ample things to smell, sniff and sample if you're in town and feel that way inclined.This branch in particular however is just lovely. The one in Glasgow, which used to be my local, always gave me a headache (in a badddddd way) as all the amazing smells of vanilla, peach, hemp, lemon, orange...all those essential oils, just blended together and were completely overpowering. I could never spend long in the store which kind of defeats the window-shopping purpose.This branch is a bit smaller, yes, but the door is open in summer and it's very airy and fresh and I've yet to ever be overwhelmed by any smell.The staff are also really friendly, but not overbearing. All Lush employees I think are trained to be friendly and helpful - great! But sometimes this can come across as distracting and a little *too* helpful if they ask if you need help more than once. The staff in this branch were approachable, but once I said "I'm just looking thanks" they smiled and left me to it but didn't 'turn their backs' and ignore me.When I did want to buy some things, I was asking after their American Cream body perfume. Sadly they've stopped doing it but I was told they have that as a conditioner. Sold. I also explained my curly hair is tempramental and they suggested the curly wurly shampoo. I said I was really worried about trying something new, spending the money, in case it didn't work. No worries - here's a very hefty, generous sample to try without a second ask and without pushing me to buy anything else. A month later that sample is still going strong, I've hardly used half, and I WILL go back to buy a proper full tub once it runs out.Lush products are lovely, this store is great and if you want to treat yourself and smell fabulous, definitely go.
4	I have really enjoyed coming into this location of Lush on Princes Street and have come in a few times to browse and enjoy learning about their products. The staff are all extremely helpful and knowledgeable about all of the different products and have always been very chatty, which I really liked. After learning about the special jumping juniper shampoo scrub that is specifically geared towards more oily hair and after not buying it last time I was in, I decided to get it and try it today. Although it seemed a tad expensive, the products all seem to be of very good quality and there is absolutely no testing on animals. I tried the shampoo scrub tonight and, just as the staff said, it did lather up extremely well without having to add much water or do very much at all. So far it seems to have agreed well with my hair but time will tell I suppose and we'll see if it helps. I do enjoy visiting Lush and learning about their different products so I'm sure I'll pop back in before long, too.
4	I am a huge fan of natural cosmetics and all things organic. Naturally I would love Lush. Some of those bath bombs are to die for.  Its not cheap so I do recommend buying the bath bars and cutting them into bits and using as much as you need, you can get them to last this way (2-5 baths!)I have recently been given a voucher for the Lush Spa so expect a review in the near future.
5	Lush SPA is located underneath the usual Lush store at this location. You go down two flight of stairs and enter into a very nicely decorated, relaxing atmosphere that smells amazing. There are fresh flowers, old radios,  and the bathrooms are stocked full of wonderful lush products. My masseuse explained that the products she would be using for my massage are exclusive to Lush SPA only, so you can't get them at the store (drats!) and then off I went into my 'treatment room'OK. So, I don't even know where to start really. I was given a voucher for "the comforter". Little did I know what I was getting myself into. It said it was a 60 minute full body massage. Well, this is truly an understatement. This is no usual 60 minute full body massage, this is a 60+ minute amazing sensory experience. A part of me wants to go into great detail explaining this massage experience but I feel like that would ruin the surprise because this experience is just that, full of surprises that induce laughter, well-being and extreme relaxation all rolled into a giant fun acid trip. Definitely recommend "the comforter" and my massage therapist who was more than happy to give me a tour of the place. Each room is set up differently according to the specific treatment experience. The music, lighting, aromatherapy, everything has been thought to the last detail exclusively to enhance the whole experience. Even the music is specifically made for Lush SPA for each of the differing treatments, AMAZING, REALLY.
4	Became a lush addict 4 months ago. Usually got blown away by their super overwhelming scent as soon as you walk into the shop...staying in it wasn't pleasant so always been avoiding it assuming that the stuff they have is for teenagers...sweet...candy like scents...but I was wrong..totally...Firstly I have to admit the scent still hits me...but im starting to get used to it that it doesn't bother me anymore. Sales are very friendly...they do approach you if they are not all held up with other customers, yes and they are very enthusiastic about demonstration and letting you test products. Nothing bad about it, for me at least.Why I like lush is because after getting my first shower gel from them..thats the flying fox, in shop it was quite nice so I thought ok I will give it a go..but when u get home and actually smell the product, it smells amazing.  Not the artificial kinda scent but essential oil. The massive difference when you are sniffing each bottle inside the shop..and when you are holding a bottle and smelling the scent is a completely different story.  In the shop there are far too many different fragrances...so you don't get a clear note of it...So after that I went again and tried a few others...again..didnt stand out too much in the shop hut when alone..it smells amazing...not overpowering at all.Highly recommend the grass, flying fox and now currently my favourite rose jam. The quality of the shower gel itself is great. It leaves your skin smelling nice and the scent lingers.Definitely gonna buy more of their products and really hope people will not be put off by the scent of the shop coz each one of them ive tried had been very good.
