5	First off, let me say, this is the real deal. I love Henry's Taiwan in Tempe, and when I heard about this opening up in Mesa by my home, I couldn't have been more excited. The food is great, the service is great, the atmosphere is great!If you have been to the one he owns in Tempe, the menu is a bit different, but has over 200 different items. This location is a bit more upscale than the other one, but still very casual and fun. If you're new to Taiwanese food, I must note (Just as John's wonderful review did) that it's much different than Chinese food, but certainly not in a way where your taste buds will not be pleased.  The owner will make a great recommendation based on your preference if you're feeling unsure about what to get.  Tonight was my first experience with this location. The food was absolutely delicious and the chef they hired is excellent. The owner could be the nicest man I have ever met in my 30 some-odd years. He provides great service, cares about what he does and has great staff working for him that all seem genuinely happy to be working there. I wish them nothing but success!
3	Most Newly Open Restaurants do open with a few hiccups and that is to be expected. Henry's Private Kitchen opened with a big menu of 200 items but you can't order any of unless you can read Mandarin Chinese. They do have a one page menu without descriptions of 38 items for Americans. Our host seemed very friendly and tried to be very helpful during our visit but only recommended dishes to us from the American Menu. I do note our host made the effort to ask me what I liked and might have actually suggested the dishes I might have enjoyed most. The host suggested a Korean Dish to me and a Thai Style Eggplant. I insisted I wanted to try Taiwanese Dishes and that's why I came here. So he then suggested the Three Cup Chicken and the Luffa.First comes out the Luffa. The Luffa was very fresh and had a refreshing quality to it like a cucumber but a meatier texture in a silky chicken based sauce. We both were surprised on how good it was. I usually can eat with chop sticks but I wasn't advanced enough with chop sticks for luffa it just keep slipping out and the kind host offered me a fork.Next comes out the Three Cup Chicken. It is called Three Cup Chicken because the recipe was based on one cup vinegar, one cup sugar and one cup soy sauce along with garlic and ginger and studded with that perfect amount of fresh Thai Basil (that you only get at BEST Thai places) it's a Classic Taiwanese Dish. I thought the Chicken was very flavorful and Moist and Good! I am good with Chicken on the bone but the pieces of as tasty as it was chicken were very small and not only was the dish filled with many small bones I had many sharp shards of bones all threw the chicken. I do think if the chicken was in slightly bigger pieces it would be fine but I also realize it would have to cook longer.For me the food was good. Three stars is not negative in anyway but it means worth trying but with some reservations. I do also note again that this business has only been open a week offers something different and is certain to improve.5 star potential is here.
3	I was very excited to hear that another "Henry's" opened up and was aware that this restaurant would be different/less casual from the Tempe location and would cater more toward families/larger groups. I get the concept, but unfortunately this place did not meet my expectations. I went with a friend, and we both had mixed feelings.With a place like this, attempting to be more "upscale" and catering to Chinese families, they should really have some complimentary hot tea. Our server told us that they only serve iced tea and that it would cost money. I decided to just have water, which was served in a cheap plastic cup. The napkins, which I usually don't bring up in my yelp reviews, were really thin and low-quality.The menu is certainly impressive, but it is very clear that they want to be exclusive. There are many items on the menu, but they are all in Chinese with no description or English. As a person who can read Chinese, I even found the menu to be overwhelming. Not only was it all in Chinese, but the text was very small, even for my relatively young eyes. They did have an English menu on the side with very limited choices. It was also unfortunate that our server, who was very friendly, did not have much knowledge of the menu to recommend things or describe how the dishes are prepared. If you do not read or speak Chinese, GOOD LUCK!The food we ordered (Loofah, Eggplant, and Fish w/Tofu) was really quite good. This place is definitely the most authentic Taiwanese place in the Valley. So if you are looking for authentic Taiwanese food, this is it! However, you do need to come with time and some patience. The dishes came out ONE AT A TIME, with long gaps between each dish. My friend and I pretty much finished the first dish, intentionally leaving a bit, while we waited for our second dish to arrive. After the second dish, we had to wait again for our third dish.I will certainly be back in a few weeks and hope they would have their act together by then.(Dear Owner/Managers, I would highly, highly recommend that you redo your menu to include larger Chinese text and English (w/descriptions) + hire a staff who each have some degree of English proficiency; although one of the servers spoke English well, the others did not. In fact, one of them could not even speak a word of English!!)
4	Great food! The food is more about Taiwanese style. So, if you are looking for some Mainland food, it might not the best place. We order the three cups pig feet, stinky tofu, spicy boiling fish and spicy gizzards. All of them are very fresh. We love the gizzards a lot. But the spicy boiling fish is not spicy (we asked for extra spicy).I'd like to try those boiling pots next time.
4	Henry's Private Kitchen is the pricier version of Henry's Kitchen. They serve some "fancier" dishes that usually have a bit of flare (not really street food).I ordered the fried tofu with pepper and the minced pork rice bowl with my wife. The dishes were quite large and seriously tasty. Service was quick and the restaurant itself was clean and tidy.My only issue was the price which is higher than I expected when I first saw the menu. I actually prefer Henry's Private Kitchen over the regular Henry's restaurant which serves more along the lines of street food type dishes.
2	As a Taiwanese, I was very disappointed by this place. We ordered 6 dishes the other night and none of them were authentic. The owner clearly have not tasted real Taiwanese food before. Various items on the menu should not be considered "Taiwanese cuisine," the spicy boiling fish pot for example. The service was ok but the food was quite pricy. I hesitate to recommend this restaurant if you are looking for authentic "Taiwanese" food. Personally, I will not go again.
3	What can I say about Henry's private kitchen ? A little disappointed! My husband and I drove here to eat last night all the way from north scottsdale, and was expecting something yummy. We ordered three dishes: oyster pancake, fried chicken tenders, and kejia stir fry with four ingredients. (I had high expectations , because I have been to Henry's kitchen in Tempe a few times and really liked their food. )The only dish I liked was the fried chicken tenders, portion was okay, but it could have used a little more seasoning. The kejia stir fry was the worst, it had dried bean curd , thinly sliced pork, celery and some squid. Some of the pork slices were just completely pure fat! I had to choose and pick through this dish..... Oyster pancake was a mistake on our end. I have never been a big fan of this dish, my husband loves to eat oysters but he had forgotten last time he ordered this he didn't like it. Be aware! If you like your pancake crispy, this is not the dish for you. The oyster pancake comes standard like other Taiwanese places I have tried before, however this particular dish is kind of soggy and it's just how it is. Will I ever come back again? Maybe.. I would definitely not order these dishes again though.
5	Having just come back from china myself, I can honestly say that the food here is the most authentic I've had in the valley! Excellent service and food!
5	As a Chinese, I personally had really good experience here! The food are awesome! The hot pot, three cup chicken, Taiwanese snack... Everything is just perfect for me!Best chinese food in the town! (They have over 120 items on the menu!!!)
5	Glad to be back in AZ to try some more of the Henry's!As I remember it from last school year, the menu isn't exactly kind to the Chinese illiterate (including myself). But ask the servers and they'll be very helpful with ordering your food.Kitchen in the back seems clean, and it's run by real Chinese chefs! I mean, literally, they don't speak much English. That has got to be legit.For the price and ambiance of the outdoor-style tents pitched up indoors, I love coming here to gorge on some authentic Chinese food.Best part-- Opens until very late.
5	Authentic Taiwanese Food in Arizona~~ Try Their Taiwanese Sausages!!woohoo
5	Though a little bit more expensive than average, their food are awesome! Really authentic delicious Chinese food. They also offer delivery to ASU. They have to improve their menu and the water quality
1	Horrible! I came here when it first opened and it was good. This has since been sold to a group who does not cook authentic Taiwanese food nor is it worth the cost.  The food court food is better! Don't bother wasting money here and be disappointed. I typically don't bother writing reviews, but I have to warn all hopeful customer who craves good food to don't waste your time or money.The oyster pancake was SOUR, nothing was fresh, and I wondered why there were only a few  customer on a Friday night. Clearly most prior visitors have all left!Also, I almost double tipped because they Automatically added 20% tip to our bill when nowhere on their menu or anywhere in the restaurant they post they may do that!  We only have 3 adults in our party!  When confronted, the waitress simply said that was the management'a decision and many have complained about it before and there is nothing shr can do.I will never come back again!
