5	Great Enchiladas awesome chimichangas great chips and salsa get the red salsa very delicious great place for lunch and dinner
2	I wanted to like the place. The staff is very friendly and attentive, although they were disorganized (seemed new to the restaurant business). We came in on a Friday night with the Living Social deal which was $19 for two house margaritas, an appetizer, and two entrees. First off, the house margaritas which are six dollars were not good at all. Couldn't taste any tequila, obvious taste of cheap margarita mix and could not taste any triple sec. Next was the appetizer. We went for the cheese crisp. This was a flour tortilla with cheddar cheese and a small helping of sour cream and lettuce to top with for $7. Very disappointed with appetizer. As for the entrees, I got the parrilada with chicken and shrimp and my girlfriend got the Verde chicken enchiladas. My meal was $15 regularly and hers was $8 plus $4 more for rice and beans. Neither meal was impressive, and the prices were much higher than most other places in the valley, particularly in this area. Chips (flour) and "salsa" were a little different and tasted fine, but i much prefer fresh salsa made with vegetables. I am not sure what the orange sauce like concoction that they gave us was, but I would not call it salsa. Moved to Arizona from Texas almost 3 years ago and have yet to find a Mexican restaurant that is tasty and reasonably priced, and this one disappointed as well. I would not recommend, you will pay too much for something that you could get at one of the bertos restaurants. Also avoid the margarita at all costs. It was well overpriced for the quality. Head over to La Condesca if you are wanting to spend 10-12 on some tasty quality Mexican food.
5	Wow! Best restaurant food we had all year!Got myself Carne Asada Tacos - $8.95, wife had Fried steak burrito - $8.95. Both loved it. If you are on low calorie, I suggest Carne Asada Tacos. Otherwise Burrito. Burrito is huge ! Got dessert, Churro with Icecream, which was delicious. Margarita, spicy and hot- $7.95. I'm coming back!!
2	I really really wanted to like it.  Its very authentic, unfortunately not everyone from a foreign place is a great cook...The mini chimichangas were probably the best part of the meal though one of them had unrolled a bit in the frying process.  They put shredded meat, red onion and green and red peppers in it which was a nice touch.  Then it goes downhill...Carne asada - the meat was very grisley and rather bland.  It wasn't cooked great, had a weird coloring.  The fajita platter - the chicken was basically a flattened, pan fried salt and pepper seasoned meat.  Shrimp was also not interesting.  The meat was the same as carne asada.They're very nice and all.  I wish the food and the general order of the place was a little better..
3	Was within walking distance from my hotel.   Name isn't the same.   Food was delicious and a full belly when I walked away.    No beer or liquor license currently so only soda.   After traveling was hoping for a cerveza too.
