1	Bugger Bagels. That's gross right? But that's what I call this Bruegger's on AZ Ave. This is going to sound super mean, but everything about this place is gross- like gag me with a spoon gross. The kitchen isn't clean, the tables are never bussed and the bagels are always a little crunchy and I can't tell you how many times I've seen the staff here handle food without gloves.Exhale. Ok, I feel better.
4	i've been here on several occasions. friendly staff and fresh bagels. i went used the drive through yesterday morning and they gave me my bagel in a jiffy. fast service!!the only thing about bagel joints is that they practically slather a pound of cream cheese on your bagel no matter if you go here or Einstein's... one bad this about this place is that every time i get a half dozen bagels i get charge a totally different prices (on 3 occasions) what's up with that? at least keep a consistent price on your bagels. ugh!!i still love this place though... i especially love cinnamon-sugar bagel, it's got that caramelize sugar on there and when you take a bite it'll crackle. it's pure goodness.
3	I stopped in this morning for a bagel.  I was promplty greeted, and served, and they had a full stock of all the bagels. I ordered a garlic bagel because I love garlic, and the added bonus of stinking all day keeps people from getting to close to ask me stupid questions.  It was toasted perfectly, and and the creme cheese to bagel ratio was perfect.  The bagel itself was on the small side, smaller than the ones at Einsteins.  While part of me views this as a negative, it's a much closer size to the "right" size bagel for health reasons.  The downside was that it wasn't enough to fill me up, and I ended up getting a second.The store itself was clean, with plenty of indoor and outdoor seating, and the staff was friendly, polite and professional.The rating would be higher, except, faced with the rush hour drive to work with 2 bagels and some cherry coke in my tummy, I decided to avail myself of the ladies facility.  This is where it all went TERRIBLY, TERRIBLY wrong.  First, they have a one room ladies, no stalls, which could lead to waits, and god help you if the woman before you is a disgusting pig.  I'm not sure, I never made it as far as the porcelain throne.  As soon as I had closed the door behind me, the smell assaulted me like the storming of the beaches of Normandy.  It smelled like they had used dirty water with a splash of bleach to clean, and that smell permeated the enter room.  My cat like reflexes that pulled my shirt up over my nose were not enough - bagels were rising, and the urge to upchuck was terrible.  I stumbled out of the room looking like a sorority girl leaving an all boys dorm at the end of hell week.  After a few minutes of heavy breathing of fresh Phoenix smog outside, I was composed enough to resolve to drive to work.
1	Yowza! Where to begin...first of all, we've driven past this place hundreds of times...and now we know why! Only reason we went in is because we had a coupon (they seem to hate coupons as employees). The service was horrendous! Totally rude and rather expensive for a bagel joint. It seems as though the only qualification to work here is the ability to come in at 5:30am. Egg and sausage are pre-made and are nuked for breakfast bagels.As we were sitting in the restaurant (which was dirty), we noticed that the drive-thru wait was at least 6 minutes per person. Definitely not worth the wait. Needless to say, we won't be going back.
1	Wow. Just read review below and now I know it's not a fluke.Here's mine.....Saturday morning my daughter and I were interested in getting some bagels on the way home to enjoy with my wife for brunch. It was about 10AM and I was excited that we were close to this Bruegger's. I remember going here often when I lived closer but haven't been there in a while. We went in and got into line after trying to figure out where the front door was. There was a couple in front of us who asked a simple request but the manager told them that they would not do that for them. The woman explained how they could do this and the manager just didn't listen. The couple left without getting their food. Now it was our turn. My daughter likes cinnamon & raisin and I like cinnamon & sugar. They didn't have either, and then I noticed they didn't have many others. There was very little variety there, and I was disappointed. (Einstein's always has people making more. I didn't see anyone making anything!!!) The manager said she could have the worker wipe butter all over a plain bagel and then pure cinnamon and sugar all over it. I was a little annoyed since they only had like 5 different sorts, so I told them to make it. The worker had no idea and tried to smather butter all over my bagel and then run sugar into the cream cheese I ordered. Terrible. Really worried. I got my daughter a plain bagel with cream cheese and hoped it would be ok. Really boring and not what she wanted. (They had nothing near what she liked). She was excited to stop to get "doggie bagels" for our puppy, so we asked for these. The guy looked at us like we were from Mars. He said snootily that they didn't have them. I know Einstein's does. I asked if he had anything like this that my kid could feed her dog and he was nasty to us. He told us NO and took our money. Gave us our change, didn't bother to cut our bagels at all, and I was really annoyed and will not go back.Skip this Bruegger's completely. GO TO EINSTEIN'S!!! They are nice to us, have bagels, and doggie bagels. I felt like I was in ghetto bagel join with mean people.(Can you give half a star?)
4	Okay, so I'm not sure how people have not had a great experience at Brueggers! Originally I am from Michigan, and there is a Brueggers right down the street from my house. That being said, I went there a lot! Then, I moved out to Phoenix and I found that the nearest Brueggers to me is actually quite far. Thats my only complaint. Its not close enough. Everytime I go, the staff is very accomodating and super friendly. All of their bagels and cream cheese are freshly made, and they have product for sale as well. I honestly have never had a problem at Brueggers, and I am surprised that other people have!
3	I was driving around this morning trying to fend for food.  I was tired, barely caffinated and needed something to eat, and quick.  Its been a while since I've been inside a Brueggers, so I thought it would be different and I came here.The place is okay. Kind of a weird setup, but it was alright.  They had a weird selection of bagels.  Im traditional with my bagels, and dont care much for some of these crazy concoctions that they have these days.  I know some folks like sundried tomato coffee organtic free range flavored bagels, but not so much for me. (no such bagel flavor, but its the eccentric part that gets me.)Anyways, I just wanted something in the tummy.  SO, I ordered a smoked salmon flavored bagel with capers, tomatos and plain cream cheese.  On an onion bagel. (dont worry, I was dining alone, so no worries about my poor breathe afterwards. LOL.)  But it got confusing because the girl that helped me told me to go to the register and pay, and my order would be up shortly.  I think it was because the 2 parties ahead of me, and both were ordering enough bagels to feed a small army, part of phoenix, and well, it was taking forever.  So, I went to the front of the line and paid.  I told the register girl what I had ordered, and she wasn't sure what I was talking about, so I had to point to the menu to show her what I ordered.The bagel itself was tasty, but was a bit heavy on the cream cheese.  I forget that bagel shops put so much on, so I will have to remember to ask for less creme cheese next time I go there.  I will most likely be back, but not as often as I would like, since it was just a-okay.
4	I don't like bagels at all but I came here because my boyfriend made me and seriously I fell in love. These bagels are SO good you don't need cream cheese or butter or anything. But just in case you want some, they have it. I'm pretty sure their cream cheese is homemade and they offer all sorts of toppings including hummus. I haven't eaten lunch there but they also have a very wide variety of bagels. Their rosemary bagel is amazing! I've had nothing but good experiences here. It's strange to me that this place has such a low rating but I guess everyone has off days.My ONLY complaint is the prices are a little steep for bagels but then again...they are amazing bagels.
3	Okay I previously praised this place as the god of bagel joints and although I still say they have the best bagels in Arizona...I THINK THIS IS NOTEWORTHY!I came here early one Saturday morning with my boyfriend for some breakfast. I ordered my favorite...rosemary bagel mmmmm.We get home and I take a bite of this golden delicacy only to discover that the inside was slightly doughy and uncooked. It was so delicious that I ate it despite this disgusting fact and paid for it the rest of the day.Only one place can make me want to eat doughy uncooked bagels and that's Brueggers but uh yeah seriously cook your stuff before serving me. I'm a huge fan don't abuse me like this again. :{
5	BRUEGGER'S BAGELS on Arizona Avenue and Guadalupe has got to be the best bagel shop around. I go there about 2 or 3 times a week. The bagels are far waaaay better than Einsteins. You cannot compare. I love their Western egg sandwich. Lots of goodies on that sandwich. The store is always clean and let me tell you the bathrooms are Super clean!!!! The staff are super efficient and always warm and inviting. They persuaded me to try lunch and I sure did. WOW the sandwiches are HUGE!!! and they come with a pickle, and a cookie. My favorites sandwich is the turkey chipotle club. OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!  For those of you who havent been or  have been in the past please go!!!  It has been under new management for a little over a year. Definately a great experience.
2	Ugh. How frustrating is it to have to repeat yourself several times to get them to understand what you're ordering? ...And then they still don't get it right? This has happened to me 2 of 2 trips there (and I won't be back). My advice: train some active listening skills.
4	Not many chains sell salt bagels anymore, so I'm very happy about that. Service has always been fine on my visits and the breakfast bagel sandwich is tasty.LOOK OUT for the skank that is a regular there and will almost knock you down to get into the place before you. She'll then order her "regular" with her flippant attitude (blueberry bagel with butter, but "LIGHTLY toasted, just a LITTLE brown"). Then her and her nebbish husband will take the biggest table in the place and spread newspapers all over it and she will read hairstyle magazines.OH, she'll also completely trash the drink station with her obvious inability to do anything for herself. Ugh. Makes we want to vomit even writing about her.
4	I have noticed that most of the reviews were not particularly about the bagels, but rather their bagel sandwiches.  I have never had one of their sandwiches in the 5 plus years I have been frequenting Bruegger's.  I instead just purchase bagels, a bakers dozen (13) at a time about 3 times a month, my favorites being onion, sesame, poppyseed and everything.  You need to know that I grew up in NYC, and at one time my father managed a bagel bakery, I KNOW good bagels!  The service is commendable, I can call a half hour ahead and they will fresh bake my bagels if they don't 13 available at the time.  I have tried most of the other bagel places and feel that Bruegger's are still the best.  On Wednesdays they give you $2 off on a dozen!!!
2	If Einstein Bros is the benchmark at 3 stars, then Bruegger's barely earns 2 stars.Customer service is mediocre. Only one gal (who I've seen a few times) actually smiles, makes eye contact, and seems pleased to be working here. Everyone else acts inconvenienced that I am there.If you order a simple bagel w/cream cheese, you will be O.K. They are not bad, but nothing special. If you order a bagel sandwich, be sure to bring a towel as they leak a lot and turn soggy after a few minutes.Coffee is O.K., but nothing special. Store cleanliness? It could be better. The beverage counter (with the lids and coffee creamers etc.) is often messy and sticky. I noticed that there is a duplicate entry for this location, so I'm pasting this review on the other as well.
3	I had a breakfast sandwich (egg, cheese & bacon) on an everything bagel. Very good sandwich, but was a pricey for what it was. Also the store has a weird vibe. It's clean, but every time in by there it's pretty empty. Maybe it's just busy first thing in the morning? It basically just gave me that "this store will be closing for good soon."But the bagels are excellent, so I'll go again, but I'll take it to go.
3	I stopped in for a toasted everything bagel with schmear.I was given a toasted everything bagel with schmear.Was it the best bagel I've ever had.  NoWas it good, yeah.The staff was nice, the place was clean, my bagel was quick.  My life is not for ever changed, but it worked just fine for the quick breakfast I was looking for.
4	This is round the corner from my apartment as I'm visiting from the UK and the bagels are great and the service seems pretty good
2	I only went to this place because it was part of a Groupon deal and after reading reviews I thought "everyone has their own experiences I'll give this a chance." If I did not have the $7.00 for $15.00 worth I would have been EXTREMELY disappointed and felt I might as well thrown the 15.00 out the window for someone to find.The bagels were very salty tasting and hard. The service was extremely slow at 10:00am. When asked for "no tomatoes" they were included. Overall, you might as well save your money and go to Einstein's for their breakfast bagels, or to Dunkin' Doughnuts. I would not go back there again.
5	I'm from NY. I'm a snob  when it comes to bagels, cheesecake and pizza. Thats not to say all pizza, cheesecake and bagels are good in NY. There are places there that suck., I'm still looking for cheesecake. Brueggers is excellent. Ask which ones are just out of the oven and get them whatever kind they are. O I found good pizza a Famous Ray's but ONLY the one on 7th and whatever Frank Lloyd Wright becomes on the west side
3	I went to Bruegger's on my lunch break to try something new. I got a Herby Turkey on an everything bagel.  They let you get the bagels "skinny" style, where they cut out the middle of the bagel so it isn't so thick.  It wasn't bad necessarily, but for $6, I expected more.  I've been there for coffee in the morning as well and I was not a fan.Overall pretty decent food, even if it is overpriced.
3	I recently moved to the area and have been on the hunt for a good bagel shop/bakery. I have been here twice now and haven't been impressed either time. The first time I went inside, which was nice. I ordered the cinnamon bagel with honey walnut cream cheese. I must say, that cream cheese is divine!! The blueberry muffin was a joke...really greasy and not tasty. I came here again for breakfast and went to the drive thru, which was really fast and efficient. I just kept it simple with a plain bagel and plain cream cheese and didn't have any complaints. All in all, this place is OK but nothing special. I really wish they had more bakery items to choose from since their restaurant has the word "bakery" in it.
2	Eh. Eating a sausage, egg and cheese on an asiago bagel right now and I'm so unimpressed, I'm taking time from eating to write this. It tastes like fast food. Not at all what we expected. Got the 2nd star for the staff that was very friendly and efficient. Certainly not worth over $8 for two sausage, egg and cheeses.
4	I had always wondered this place, as it is relatively close to where I live. And after once visit, I think I'm going to keep on coming here. As it was my first time, I didn't really know how to order, what to get, and what they had to offer. The staff kindly explained what kind of sandwiches and bagels they had. And the atmosphere was very casual, in a good way. My sandwich was delicious, and they made me a pretty dang good latte. I'll definitely be coming back.
5	I love this place. Bagels are so good and they have the best breakfast sandwiches. I've been going here for over a year now and will keep going.
5	OK, so maybe I haven't tried everything on the menu which includes soups, salads, sandwiches, etc. But their bagels are amazing.  They are baked fresh daily and have the back east taste that not many competitors can match.  The bagels are soft, chewy, and dense throughout, unlike grocery store bagels and bagged bagels that are usually full of air and have no density.  Brueggers Bagels are fantastic, they hands down beat an Einstein's Bagel, and I will not buy bagels from anywhere else!
1	They do not respect our flag!!! A business should have more respect for our country and address issues like this.
5	This started off badly, but, the way it was handled was top notch. Usually the food is great but this morning I ordered a Tuna Salad on an onion bagel. The tuna was really bad, it tasted like it had turned and as I said before, the food is usually great. The reason this is so positive is, the manager actually was extremely concerned about it and had her employee throw it away immediately. She not only refunded that sandwich, but, she refunded the entire order and gave me a large soda, she even offered to buy me another sandwich!!! I wish more businesses handled themselves like this person did. I'll always go back!! Top notch service!!!! Way to go Brueggers, please give her a raise!!!
4	Sometimes I pick up breakfast from here, and it's usually pretty good. I typically order either a cinnamon sugar bagel with strawberry cream cheese, or a blueberry one with strawberry cream cheese. The cream cheese is very tasty, and so are the bagels, but they're kind of hard. They're very tough to rip and chew. That's really the only thing wrong with this place though.
