4	Paperchase- it just kind of lures you in and you come out with all this stationary you don't really need, but really wanted. You could re-gift them- but you know secretly that you won't.I thought my fascination with cute notebooks and funky pens had long gone along with a terrible fashion sense in my teenage school years. Obviously Papertiger just resurfaced my love for stuff like that- stuff that I think will motivate me that this year I will work better because my diary rocks and I have an awesome pen. This doesn't happen. I want to return to Papertiger but I am saving up for other stuff at the moment. I am glad it brought back my teenage love for stationary I just hope my teenage fashion sense is dead and buried and never to be seen again. Please.
5	There are few things in life I love more than stationary. It's probably in my top 5 favourite things in the whole wide world! Thus, Paperchase is my heaven.They have the most amazing selection of stationary, cards, wrapping paper and everything you could possibly want, really. They don't just have lots, the things they have are amazing! I bought a really cute stapler and punch set here with a really cute floral pattern. I bought one for my mum too - she loved it!The one downfall for Paperchase is the price - it can be really expensive. Trust me though, it's worth it!
4	Stationary: is it an almost universally shared secret fetish of most people? I have always loved stationary, in particular note pads. I could spend a good 15 minutes in a store opening blank notebook after blank notebook, as compelled as if they were some of the great literary classics. Except without the words. Just blank.And when, for whatever reason, stationary comes up in conversation quite often people often gush and exclaim the same, with snippets of their adoration such as "oh I got the BEST new pen last week, it's royal blue and the ink is so creamy" or "I have at least 6 notebooks at home that I haven't yet written in for fear of spoiling them".So for anyone who has been nodding wisely and in agreement with this harmless obsession with blank pages and inky pens, Paperchase on George Street will make your day. I personally get very bored of plain notebooks, with ringbinders and lines, and a light blue cover. Dull as ditch water.Paperchase has every type of notebook you could need. Earthy recycled ones, blank ones, lined ones, colourful, as well as notebooks for things you think you need but probably won't use: birthdays; memories; travel. There are more notebooks than I've seen collectively in one place for quite some time. As well as all the usual cards, pens, and random accesories like ipod covers.It's a bit pricier than the bargain three notebooks for 99p from Asda. But just totally worth it. I love Paperchase notebooks, the not-so-secret is out.
5	Paperchase is a stationary shop that does what it says on the tin, it sell stationary.  for most people this would be as expected and hardly something worth getting exciting about.  but for me, stationary is something special.  growing up i looked forward to the back to school stationary shop the most and got so excited about new pens and notebooks and yearly planners!  now at work, having fun stationary makes my job just that little bit extra enjoyable while adding a personal flair to my desk.What makes me really excited about Paperchase is not just the fact that it is a shop where i can fulfill my stationary needs, but that their goods are cute and girly, fun and function, and there is a wide variety that changes every few months so i can constantly have something new.i love that i can buy pens with almost any colour of ink (must get an orange one!!) but that i can also go and buy an adorable filofax to give myself that professional edge, even though all my diary appointments are written in bright pink pen...the shop also has a great selection of cards, although they are mostly birthday or blank cards so if you are looking for something specific this might not be the best place to go.  however, i have always found the card that i needed, including a new grandparent one for a former co-worker which is why i visited Paperchase on Friday.  i absolutely love their Christmas cards as well, there is always so many choices and all the cards are bright and colourful with loads of glitter to make them extra sparkly for the holidays.towards the back of the shop there is a good selection of art supplies, picture frames, phone cases, laptop cases, and other technology accessories with a cute selection of novelty items.  i especially like the adorable key covers that they generally have on sale.I can't say enough about how much i love Paperchase!!  it is like the stationary shop of my dreams, i just wish i had the money to buy everything that they had on offer!!  well now i know what i'll be buying if i ever win the lottery....
5	Ooooh I love this shop!! I had a lovely time there yesterday and found so many gorgeous Christmas (and other) gifts. The stationery range is wonderful, particularly the different coloured sheets of paper (such good quality too) and the greetings cards are just lovely. A great selection of pens, craft items, stickers, box files, classy notebooks, pretty glossy gift bags, boxes and bows and so much more! I liked the 2013 calendars and diaries as well - lots to choose from. It's a very eye-catching and well laid out store and the staff are very pleasant and helpful too. I'll definitely be back there when next in the city!
5	I would be lying if I didn't admit I have a serious stationery obsession and therefore Paperchase is one of my favourite shops in the whole of Edinburgh. I adore notebooks and am forever buying new ones even when I really don't need them and Paperchase never lets me down a wonderful selection of beautiful notebooks.As well as satisfying my ever growing notebook collection, they also sell a wonderful arrangement of pens, cards, art supplies, phone covers, laptop cases, rucksacks, glasses cases, picture frames and much more! It is pretty pricy but I like to think that it is worth it for the beautiful items they sell!  I just wish I could afford to buy everything in the shop! For anyone with the slightest interest in beautiful stationery, Paperchase is definitely a must!
