4	They're brand spankin' new!I first tried purchasing from them the Saturday before they were open (not knowing) and was informed by the manager to come back the next day because they were not open for business yet, but they would be giving out free samples. Bummed! I love pretzels, lol. But I knew I'd be back in a few days.Conveniently located next to the Red Rock Regal Cinema and across the hallway from Kids Quest! The pretzels were delicious as usual and they were having a buy 3, and get the 4th one free special. I know that they are new so the staff is still a little awkward because they are trying to get into the swing of things but everyone was nice and as attentive as they could be. I bet they did not foresee that on their grand opening, they'd have to cater to a big line of hungry patrons there for the prescreening of a movie, lol! Thanks again for the prescreening Edwin P.!
1	So horribly rude, unprofessional.. I understand they're kids working there but seriously? I had a groupon, and instead of politely telling me they don't accept them at this location (which is crap because it didn't say it anywhere, not even on the groupon, it listed their location!!) Sara tells me she didn't know what I was talking about, had no clue what a groupon was, got flustered and asked me "what- what do you want me to do??" UHHHH whhhhhat?????? I work in the service industry and if I ever treated people like this I'd end up looking for another job. They had no manager there.. It's so sad because I LOVE this place.. I won't go there anymore, period.
1	AWFUL, always stale and dry here. They also won't accept a text coupon from auntie annes mobile club. They say it needs to be printed, yet the text says show to store for discount. Never go to this auntie annes.
3	This Auntie Anne's is located inside the food court at Red Rock Station. It opened a few months back and received some good reviews so hubby and I stopped by to try for ourselves. For a tiny pretzel shop they had a a nice variety of things on the menu, including vegan-friendly options. When it comes to pretzels they offer the following:PlainGarlicJalapenoCinnamon SugarPepperoniRaisinSesameSweet AlmondHoney Whole GrainSour Cream and OnionPretzel Stix and Pretzel Nuggets come either salted or in cinnamon sugar. They also have Pretzel Dogs that come in sizes mini, regular and jumbo.Dipping Sauces:Cheese Melted Cheese Hot Salsa CheeseMarinaraCaramel Sweet MustardLight Cream CheeseSweet GlazeI ordered a "Sour Cream and Onion" and "Jalapeno" pretzel. They were priced at $3.49 each. I also ordered 2 melted cheese dips priced at 75 cents each. The cashier was very friendly and they had samples out on the counter. One thing I did like is the cashier asked if I wanted my pretzels salted or unsalted. I don't like salt on my pretzel and some places have it already on the pretzel and I get stuck picking it off, at least here I had the option to have it with or without. The sour cream and onion pretzel was just ok. It wasn't as soft and warm like I'm used to and it could have used more of the sour cream and onion on it. The jalapeno pretzel was pretty good, but again on the dry side. They weren't stingy with the jalapenos which was nice, but it seemed like the pretzel wasn't as fresh as it could have been. The melted cheese dip wasn't melted at all. I think she gave me the regular cheese dips instead. I didn't mind the regular cheese dip however the cheese being warm would have been more to my liking. Since I get coupons for Auntie Anne's I will be back, but I can't see paying full price again if it isn't going to be hot and fresher.
3	I stopped here for dessert after eating Panda Express in the food court. The employees were very friendly and gave a a BOGO coupon for a future visit. The pretzels were just okay. The first jalapeno pretzel I had was dry and hard so I went back and they agreed and made me a fresh one. The fresh one was very good. I also shared some of my wife's cinnamon pretzel sticks and they were good. I paid for some melted cheese sauce and ended up getting rock hard cheese in a peel top plastic cup. I turned the cup upside down and nothing moved. After having to go back and have my pretzel remade I didn't want to then go back up about the cheese. This place is good with a coupon but paying full price isn't worth it since you don't know if it's going to be super bomb are dry and hard. I did get a sample of some lemonade that wasn't bad.
