1	I had to deal with manager goes by Gary. This was the most unhelpful "manager" I've ever dealt with. Went in to exchange a helicopter i bought for my father as a christmas present. Turns out I couldn't do an exchange because the ZIP TIE WAS MISSING FROM THE ORIGINAL PACKAGING. Really?! I told him If I go home find the zip tie and put it back on I could return it then because the helicopter was never used. Turns out I couldn't even do it then because we opened the helicopter and in his words "how do I know you didn't go home and switch this for another". I swear this place would much rather lose customers than keeping them. This is my first review and I don't know how you hire idiots like Gary.. However I then followed up by going to the store in fashion square the manager there was WAY more understanding with me and he did not give me a hard time whatsoever he exchanged the item without an issue because he didn't see ANY problem with it. Stay away from arrowhead and Gary
1	We stopped in the Chandler Mall location and got the same BS.  This company is scamming people.  They don't stand behind the products they sell in store.  DO NOT and I mean DO NOT buy anything from these people.  The products stink and break as easily as the one I bought my daughter for $20 at JC Penney's last year.  And when you take the product back and insist on a refund or replacement they accuse you of "damaging it."  We even had a conversation with the store manager before we bought it and he GUARANTEED it would work FAR better (at $100 mind you) than the ones we had bought in the past.  I call bull$#!@.  He's a scam artist.
1	Avoid Xtreme R/C Toys at Chandler Mall.  We bought a $100.00 RC car the Store Mgr recommended on December 14th and was opened on the 25th.  A week later, it stopped working.  They refused to replace it and refused to return our money.  When I spoke to the District Manager, I shared that if I would have bought this at Target, they would have returned it.  His response, "Well we aren't Target."  That sums up their customer service philosophy.
