5	Words cannot describe this show. Garth is amazing. His last tour ended in 1998 and since then he has stayed at home in Oklahoma raising his children. When his tour ended I was a little too young to be going to concerts. I had always said that there were only two reasons I'd ever go to Las Vegas. One was to see David Copperfield and the second was to see Garth Brooks if he ever came. Well, I saw David a couple years ago when he came to San Jose and last October I learned that Garth would be playing at Wynn. The tickets are VERY hard to get. The first series of dates sold out in 5 hours. I was, unfortunately, not one of the lucky ones that got tickets that day. I did manage to get tickets earlier this month and planned the trip around my mom's birthday. It was just Garth and his guitar up on stage. In this particular show that I went to he started out talking about what influenced him growing up and who his father and brothers were listening to. He started taking requests and even brought out his wife- Trisha Yearwood- to sing a couple songs! He is a very amazing and talented artist and that showed on stage once again.
2	We went to the 1030 showing, it was pretty good but we expected a lot more out of the Garth and the Wynn for a $143 a ticket. He may have just been tired because it was his second show that night but they could have just had some guy off the street come in and play guitar and sing for two hours and it would have been about he same. The theater they have it in is terrible for acoustics especially up on the balcony so if you go make sure they put you on the lower lever. The process to pick up the tickets is painful and designed to make scalping impossible, which is great but at least allow the person who bought the tickets to pick them up for all the people in the group and get the wristbands and invisible ink stamps at the time of the show. Drinks are expensive but pretty strong. Nice publicity stunt Mr Brooks, love your albums but it would be best to go back into retirement...
5	Simply awesome! Garth is the greatest entertainer alive. Was it worth the $140 per ticket? I would have paid twice that, probably more. Not only does he sing all the classics but a lot of songs that influenced him and his music. There is no band backing him up, it's just the man and his guitar. It's a very intimate show with only about 1,500 people in a small theater. His wife Trisha also performed with him at our show. Just so everyone knows all of his shows run about 30-60 minutes long so be prepared to wait for awhile outside the theater if you have a late show after an earlier show. You will be rewarded though with extra time for your show. Don't hesitate to buy tickets when they go on sale because they always sell out within a few hours.
5	Ok, at age 60 I'm a "Joanie-come-lately" to the country music scene.  I discovered Garth via "The River" and "The Dance", and simply fell in love.  So, when I heard he was playing in Vegas at the Wynn...we just had to get tickets!  This show is about as "un"-Las Vegas as you could hope to find.  A man and his guitar.  No cowboy hat.  No sirree.  Not even all-Garth music.  Nope.  He spent the first hour basicaly discussing the influences in his life, through stories about his parents and siblings, and of course, his music heroes.  Being a little older than some in the audience, my husband and I truly LOVED the magic moment of "Bye, Bye, Miss American Pie", and "The Piano Man."  The second half of the show was more of his music and less of his musings.  No disappointments there..he made sure all of his favorites were sung, not just by him but by the audience.Again, I'll show my age here...then again, maybe not.  What I did NOT like about the audience was the girl next to me who whistled and shrieked throughout the show.  I don't know if she finally disappeared to the bathroom or got hauled out of there, but when she did reappear she was subdued.  Still, after paying $125 per ticket, airfare, and hotel...I really WANTED to hear Garth talk and sing, not some bimbo of a girl shorten my hearing lifespan by 5 years or so.  Please, kids, grow up.  We are inside a THEATER...not in a stadium or arena where your voices are thrown out to the wind.  Soooo annoying!As for Garth....I may have to go back.
4	Awesome show! A must see if you're a GB fan. I wasn't a fan and don't really listen to country music but I definitely was able to appreciate his talent, voice, and charm. He just walked on the stage in his blue jeans, a sweatshirt, and a baseball cap. Picked up his acoustic and started singing.  I swear my man had a semi chub he's such a die hard fan and I'm sure for girls wearing skirts - their panties would have dropped. Yes Garth Brooks was that good! Thankfully I wore jeans that day. Go see the show!
1	Would you pay $150 to have one of your buddies tell you about his favorite music and play half of songs that he didn't write on his guitar?  If so, you'll love this show.  However, if you're like me and expect a high energy throw down concert (solo or not) when you pay $150 and travel to VEGAS...you'll be disappointed.  Showing up in jeans, dirty boots, a hoodie and a baseball cap to a show that you made people pay $150 for in my opinion is rude.  Now if this had been a $35 show, I'd be writing a different review, I still would have been let down, but not as much.The show starts with Garth coming out and saying hello. He plays 1 verse of one of his songs and then goes into a conversation with the audience about his life telling us about the music that inspired him.  He begins with the 60s and works his way up to the 1990s.  While he tells you about the music of the decades (which we already know) he plays 1 or 2 verses from a few of the songs.  We counted a total of only 5 actual Garth songs that were played; one of them was only played after an audience member requested it at the end of the show.  We kept thinking that at any moment the lights would go out, fireworks would fire and then a decked out Garth ready to entertain would come out and blow our minds.  Well it didn't happen.  Instead we got a not even close to a surprise appearance by....wait for it....wait for it....his wife!!!! WOW did you all see that coming?  What effort did that take to book that guest?  The good part of the show was the up close and personal vibe that Garth was going for.  He was charming and entertaining with his stories about his dad and growing up.  If Garth is reading this, maybe you need to get back in touch with us in low places and respect the fact that you do have a job.  You have the job of entertaining and shame on you for not respecting us.  Shame on you.  Save your money!!!  If you're going to Vegas go see Cher, the same price for a really amazing show (even if it's not country music).  Or go to Toby Keith's bar and rock out to all your favorite artists for free (plus cost of drinks of course) and party your booty off.  That's what we did and to be honest, it was at Toby's bar that we actually heard Garth's music!  Shame on you Garth!!! PS: Having to bring IDs for everyone in your group.....time waster and pointless.
5	I'm not a huge country fan but this concert may just have converted me. This concert just gave me the warm fuzzies all over. Brooks came off as completely down to earth - he shared stories from his childhood and throughout his life. He was funny and endearing. He played dozens of covers and several of his own songs, but perhaps the most fun part of the concert was the Q & A / Request portion toward the end. It was a great delight to see him interacting with his fans and the complete opposite of the sterile, manufactured Vegas-type show that I expected. I have probably seen a dozen or more Vegas shows, and this one ranks up there at the very top. Good times for sure!
5	This is my new favorite show in Las Vegas. I am not a huge fan of country music, but I have always enjoyed Garth Brooks. My mother just recently had a birthday, and to celebrate, she wanted to come visit us and to go see Garth Brooks. Her and my brother were able to get tickets for all of us at the same show. They got our tickets only minutes after they went on sale, and we were already almost at the back of the orchestra section. However, I don't think there is a bad seat in the house. My wife described the show as if we were at a house party and the guy with the guitar (there is always a guy with a guitar) just happened to be Garth Brooks. He seemed very down to earth, and it was obvious he was enjoying the show just as much as we were. The show consists of Garth playing songs (with only his guitar and his voice) that inspired him to do what he does, as well as many of his own hits. His wife, Trisha Yearwood, also came out and sang a song with Garth and then one of her own. I don't know if this happens every show, but I thought it was pretty cool. Near the end of the show, there was also a short Q&A session where audience members could ask questions or request he play a bit of one of his other songs. I thought this was also really unique. I've not seen this before at any show in Las Vegas or elsewhere by someone of even half his caliber. The show we saw went for around 2.5 hours. This is also not typical of Las Vegas shows which run about 1.5 hours. I would recommend getting tickets for the show where its the only show he is doing that day. I read in the LV Sun that the ticket prices will be going up. At $150 it was already a pricey show, but for the showmanship you get, I don't know if any person alive could put on a better show than this man.
5	I have seen Garth 4 times, always a great time and fantastic show with all the bells and whistles. This time was so personal, only garth and a guitar! So, for all the Garth fans, you get to know him and where his music comes from. He was also hilarious! Trisha came out for a few which was a bonus. I never tire of his show or music, but this was a special concert that only a small group will be privileged to cherish the memory! Thank you Garth and my fabulous husband for surprising me with the tickets for Christmas! He never goes to concerts and was dreading it, but really enjoyed himself.
5	I am a huge Garth fan and when I found out he will be playing at the Wynn last year, I was already waiting for the tickets to go on sale. I had only previously seen him once, in LA for the firefighters but since my mom is also a huge fan, been listening to him since I was a little one. I waited 30 minutes on the phone and got fourth row tickets for his first Saturday show and first weekend back in 09'. I loved the fact that they made it extremely difficult for scalpers to get these tickets. The show...WOW!! I was like a 12 year old screaming for the new hot boy band! I loved that fact that it was just him and his guitar, so raw and no set list. To hear someone sing without all the background music just made me realize what a great voice Garth has. I had goosebumps when he sang verses from some of my favorite songs. He took requests from the crowd and had when is wife came on had some great dialog back in forth with the crowd. This is something you just don't get in a big stadium with a massive amount of people. At one point I thought he was going to jump off stage and I almost flew out of my seat. To which my mom started laughing at me. I wish the night would never end and he would just keep talking to us. I loved hearing what some of his influences were and just speak to us like he would his family. After the concert ended, I was sold on buying more tickets. To bad Wynn doubled the price of them last month, now I need to save even more!
4	I'll start out by saying I hate country music, I was very sceptical when my wife drug me to this.  But it was very entertaining.   The guy is funny as hell, a good voice and good guitar player. And when I read on yelp that it's just him and his guitar, I thought it would suck, but it was the perfect fit.    Not a lot of people could entertain a crowd that good for nearly 2 1/2 hours (!)    Subtract one star because he bashed some of the music I grew up on.
5	5 STARS!!The douche who gave one star is a loser. Let me explain.I left the show feeling I really got to know Garth Brooks. It was just him on stage with an acoustic guitar and no band. He was more than casual. Jeans, construction boots, hoodie and cap. He played maybe twelve of his own songs and told stories and jokes and ran through the decades. All while talking about the songs that he and his family used to listen to that left a footprint in his heart. It was kind of like "Storytellers" on VH1. He played more than 20 covers, and told a story about each, loaded with great funny punchlines. He talked a lot about his mom and dad and their influences. He also swore like a sailor. Covers included George Jones, Merle Haggard, Simon & Garfunkel, Cat Stevens, Jim Croce, James Taylor, Bob Seger - on and on. Many more. All in a timeline from the 60's thru the 90's.As a topper, he brought out his wife, Trisha Yearwood out for a duet.The security was HARDCORE about no cameras and phones. I watched them boot someone.If you go: just remember that it's not a "concert", it's a Vegas show. And Garth is there to entertain you. And that he did.
5	UNFUCKIN'BELIEVABLE!!!I NEVER get emotional at concerts, but just seeing Garth walk on stage gave me chills and brought tears to my eyes!!  Garth's voice is phenomenal, amazing, mesmerizing ... you get the idea!!He sang all my favorite songs and ended with the Ultimate Garth anthem: Friends in Low Places!!  He brought his wife Trisha Yearwood on stage and they sang their Duet In another's eyes beautifully . . . there is such amazing chemistry between the two (Duh, they're married).  Trisha then sang one of Garth's favorite songs of hers.  I could've used a little less talking/explanation and more of Garth's singing, but whatever, it was hands down one of the most amazing shows I have ever experienced.  I didn't know what to expect with just him and his guitar, but man that's all he really needs (a band is just an added bonus to his talented and captivating voice).This is definitely one show I'd love to come back and see over and over and over and over again!!
5	AMAZING.AMAZING.AMAZING. Garth brooks is one of the most talented performers of all time! This is such a personal & intimate show, Garth would explain history of lyrics of other famous country stars then sing them. Amazing! He sang his own songs very heartfelt and with passion. Just him and his guitar. This was the best show/performance i have ever seen. I have waited 20 years to hear Garth sing in person, and he did not disappoint! This was amazing, and to have his wife Trisha Yearwood join him on stage was an "awe" moment. Everyone in the audience was stunned. Garth Brooks is still rockin it!
5	This was the perfect show. And that's coming from someone who is not even really a Garth Brooks or country music fan. But I would go again without hesitation. And this is hands-down one of the best shows I have been to in Vegas.Going into the show, I didn't really know quite what to expect. I just knew that Garth Brooks is a pretty key figure in country music and that he seemed like someone I really needed to see live. And what I saw and heard was very far from anything that I was even slightly expecting - in the best way possible.The theater was perfect - and again, not what I was expecting. It was very small and simple. And similar to the Pearl, it was built up, not out - so there really isn't a bad seat in the place. It just felt so intimate.When it was time for the show to start (and I hadn't read anything about the show going into it), I almost felt a little confused. Where was the drum set? Where was the keyboard? Where were all of the musicians? But out walked Garth (who was easily mistaken for a guitar tech at first) in faded jeans, hoodie, baseball cap, and construction boots. It was just casual Garth, a stool, and a guitar. No fancy costumes, no flashy lights, etc. It was just stripped down and perfect.It was almost like being in the audience for an episode of VH1 Storytellers. Garth started off by basically telling the story of his life through music - songs he could remember hearing that really stuck with him, a song his father always played while driving in the car, albums his older brothers always blasted, etc. He would tell all of the stories and then play parts of those songs. He was so funny and genuine.And then he got to the part of his life that was his own musical career. He interacted a lot with the audience, occasionally took requests, brought out Trisha Yearwood and sang with her, and basically did all of the songs he's known for. I literally both laughed and cried. It was an amazing experience!
5	I first saw Garth in, I think it was 1989, at the Saddlerack in San Jose when he was just starting out.  It was a small venue and I became a full fledged Garth fan from that point on.  I've always loved his music and have raised my daugthers on country in general and Garth in particular.  Before he retired, I felt that his shows had become too commercial and showy and had not attended any more shows.  When I heard that he was performing in Vegas in a small intimate venue, I set an alarm for ticket purchase date and waited anxiously for the day to come.    I took my youngest daughter who has seen many rock, country and alternative concerts over the last few years and after seeing garth, she thought it was the best one she's been to.  This show is what I've been dying to see garth do.  I see those who complain about the $150 ticket price and I can honestly say that I am not a rich person and at $250 they were a splurge for me but soooo worth the money.  Yes, he dresses down but to see him naturally and not with all the glitz and glamour was a great thing!  The show was all about music and what influenced him, without all the smoke and lights.  Yes, i would've liked to hear all if his own songs, but the mix was great!   While not a big surprise,  Trisha yearwood was a fun addition to the show.  She's a great singer and the two of them were fun to watch together.  If I had any complaints about this show, it would be that it had to end.  I could have listened to him sing all night!  Thanks Garth for this great experience!!
5	OMG -- if you are going to attend any show this year...heck this decade, book this one.  If you're not planning to be in Vegas anytime soon, change your plans and get to the Wynn.  No seat is further than 70' from Garth -- talk about a intimate performance...this was unmatched.Garth is engaging and authentic.  This is not a Garth Brooks concert.  It is a story of the development of his music that informs, delights and entertains, and sucks you in emotionally into the moments that made his music.  Garth educates as he helps the audience to understand the source of his music.  I left the concert smarter, felt like I had a new appreciation for music history.Thank you Garth.  Loved every minute.  Thank you Steve Wynn -- well played.
5	go.   wow
5	That was amazing!! What a great performer. He is so personal wirh the croud and just makes u feel so special to be there. Definantly coming back again!! Love u Garth!
1	I am a HUGE Garth fan...but this is NOT a Garth show...He sings about 8 songs of his own...the rest are covers and him talking about his childhood. I would not reccoment paying the 250 bucks.
5	Best concert we have been to in a long time (saw Brooks and Dunn on farewell tour last concert)... Garth really put on a fabulous show, he spent the first hour explaining how he came to be the star that he is today, playing songs that inspired him as he was growing up, I loved this, as 60's and 70's songs I grew up with. He especially rocked the Bob Seger songs he did.  Then the next hour he concentrates on his own hits, he really can tell a funny story and we were laughing a lot. He laughs at himself and is a totally entertaining guy. I highly recommend this concert if you are a Garth fan and even if you aren't you would enjoy this show
5	I didn't even like country music before this show. My girlfriend is a fan and she bought me the ticket so I would go, I was very reluctant to go, but I am very glad I did. The show was fantastic. It was a perfect intro to country music. It definitely isn't a concert, but it also is NOT advertised as one. It is a SHOW! And a very good one at that. So those people giving 1 star because they were expecting a concert should have their posts removed due to ignorance. I would recommend it to any music lover wanting to see a great Vegas SHOW. Garth has a fantastic stage presence, personality and sense of humor and it is great to see him before he fully retires from showbiz. I would go a second time, but $250 is a bit much for that. We got tickets in the second release of shows for ~$130, which is a much fairer price. I would go again if the prices dropped to the original price.
5	LOVED IT.  LOVED IT.  LOVED IT.I like Garth Brooks' music, but would not call myself a huge fan.  This was an amazing show.  The theater is small (just 1500 people) and I felt like I was sitting in Garth Brooks living room as he explained the musical influences on his life.  Garth is engaging and downright hilarious.  He talks about his father, mother, and older brothers and the music they listened to that influenced him.  He takes your through the music of the 60s, 70s and 80s until you get to him in the 90s.  I got chills and I might have cried.  I definitely laughed and sang at the top of my lungs.  I came out of the theater wanting to sing and dance all night.  I felt energized and smarter with a whole new appreciation for music.For you nay-sayers, I agree that this is not a "Garth Brooks Show" in a huge stadium with a huge band.  It's so much better and I feel sorry for those of you who just don't get it.    This is Garth and his guitar.  No more, no less, but completely enough.  He's still the consummate showman who fills the entire theater with music and has every person hanging on his every note.  Yes, he does spend the first hour talking about the musical influences on his life and playing those songs.  But what a journey!!  What fabulous songs.  How much fun to remember and sing those songs with 1500 people show also (seemingly) remember.   What a lesson in how music influences other music and how it all came together for Garth.  Thank you, thank you, thank you Garth Brooks.
5	Phenomenal. Incredible. Exceptional. Unbelievable. Awesome. Extraordinary.I came out of the womb singing Garth Brooks. I know all of his music and I can die happy now that I have seen him. My boyfriend and I came to Vegas the first weekend of October to see him and I could not have left any happier. My boyfriend isn't much of a country music fan but still loved the show.Garth is still Garth, just him and his guitar but on a show that can not even be explained. He told stories about growing up and was funny as all get out. It was such an intimate setting, you almost feel like he's talking to you and only you!He sang Simon and Garfunkel, George Jones, Bob Seger, Merle Haggard, George Strait and so many others! And you can't forget about all of your Garth Brooks favorites!!!!This is a show you have to see to believe and understand what a great performer he is. P U R E L Y    A M A Z I N G
5	Holy smokes!! This was the greatest concert I have ever been too. It's Garth and his guitar, that's it. That's what makes it so great. He spends a little over an hour going through the decades he grew up in and the music that influenced him. He covers many songs from the artists that influenced his music. He also will play parts of most of his songs.The greatest parts about this show were when Trisha Yearwood came out to perform In Another's Eyes with Garth and then Walk Away Joe by herself. Then after that he brought up the lights and took requests and questions from the audience. We were setting 4th row which was unbelievable, but there really isn't a bad seat in the place. He ended the performance with everyone singing along with him, Friends and Low Places with the extended verse. Over 2 hours long and well worth the $250 a ticket.If you love Garth Brooks then you won't be disappointed.
5	I am no NASCAR loving', Ford F150 driving, Wrangler wearing cowboy... But, boy, let me tell you, for almost three hours you could have fooled me. Any true music fan would be a liar if they said this man isn't talented. And, he is a great story teller to boot! The better half is a country lover, so I surprised her with a Vegas weekend and this concert. The show was so entertaining and Garth takes you through his musical upbringing and talks about all the musicians that impacted him, including playing their songs. So, really this is a trip down memory lane with the second half of the show truly focused on his stuff.He even brings the house lights up and takes requests from the audience.I would encourage anyone with a chance to see this show to do it. Don't worry, you don't have to buy the pickup until after your third show...
5	Amazing.  Best performance ever.   Garth and Trisha are amazing!
5	Cross it off my bucket list!  I'm almost speechless at how much I loved this show.  I laughed and cried.  I think I sat stunned for the first 15 minutes in disbelief that I was there.  He is a performer in every way.  The combination of storytelling and musical talent was genius.  He's genius.  Worth every penny (of my boyfriend's); it was the perfect birthday gift.I had to giggle when I saw so many people taking photos of what they thought was Garth's guitar, eventhough there's a strict no camera/cell phone policy.  Right before the show starts, the guitar is switched out.  You got photos of nothing :).
5	Un.Be.Lievable. Wow. I am almost at a loss for words to describe how amazing this show is. First off, the venue. Perfect size intimate theater, not a bad seat in the house. We were in row M, felt like eye level with Garth. Second, a legend and his acoustic guitar. That is all. Some lights and a little fog, but what more could you ask for. An inviting, humorous look at the musical influences and personal stories that shaped a Country Music legend. I lost track of time, but I think there were about 90 minutes of pure Garth bliss. Garth is an amazing story teller, vocalist and song writer. If you love music, and not just Country music, and you appreciate the artistry of music, song writing and performance, or if you just LOVE GARTH BROOKS, this show will enrapture you and draw you in. I couldn't blink.I never had the fortune of seeing Garth Brooks perform live before he "retired." I'm so glad I had this opportunity to see him. It was a once in a life time experience. Hands down the best show I've ever seen. Worth every penny and I will now start saving to take my parents. They need to see this too.Note to future show attendees: Turn off your phone. Just do it. We all paid a pretty penny for an experience that should not be ruined because you think you are too cool. The world can wait 90 minutes. Second: Shut up. Small venue means your voice travels further than you think. Whatever earth shattering things you have to say can wait, it's probably useless chatter anyway, don't ruin the experience for the people around you.SEE THIS SHOW! You won't be disappointed.
5	I'm not going to offer anything that any other five star reviewer hasn't already said save for this show being a highlight of my life. 'No Fences' was the first CD I ever received and subsequently wore out. Still, my excitement for the show surprised me when for the first ten minutes I caught a few tears on my cheek. While those were easy to wipe away, the smile wrapped around my head wasn't quite so much!I sat in the balcony's front row. As mentioned by others, no seat is a bad one and that is made even more clear as for many songs, Garth stands with his toes hanging over the edge of the stage.A perfect show. Worth the money.
5	A must see show! A unforgettable performance! I'm not even a big country music fan and I loved it.
5	This one's hard to review for me. I'm neither a country music fan nor a Garth Brooks fan, but I was utterly entertained by this show.I saw the show last Friday with my mom. I was really there just for her. She was excited to see him, so I obliged by being her date for the evening. The show began promptly at 10:30, which I'm a big fan of. I hate when artists keep me waiting. Garth takes the stage and it's basically a one man show with him reminiscing and reliving his musical influences and history. I think that's the most amazing part of the show. There are no special effects or even back up orchestra. It's just a man and his guitar. He begins his musical journey discussing his family and the first musical influences he had. They were surprisingly diverse and his stories were filled with lots of humor, warmth and nostalgia. He would sing bits and pieces of songs from his past and hearing his take on them was incredibly interesting. He also incorporated his own music into this journey as well, as I'm sure most would hope.This show would only work with an enigmatic and personable celebrity such as Brooks and I think he found the perfect blend of storytelling and music to keep the audience enthralled. I definitely didn't know what to expect with Garth, but I can only say that I was truly entertained by his show.
5	Ah-Ma-Zing!!! Anyone who gives Garth Brooks' show lower than 5 stars need to be kicked off Yelp.I'm not a country music fan. I honestly couldn't name one Garth Brooks song before this show. All I knew about the man was that he's a legend.  So when the legend walked on stage to introduce himself, and the woman beside me started to bawl, I started to feel goosebumps all over me (in a good way). And when the legend strummed his guitar and sang his first note, a small part of hip hop in me died  and fell in love with country.
5	I crossed "See Garth Brooks In Concert" off my bucket list the other night and if all it set the bar for all my other bucket list items.  It was a once in a lifetime opportunity that I am so ecstatic that I was able to see him.  I've been a Garth fan since 1989 and was on the edge of my seat for the entire show.  He's such a charismatic person and if he ever started a random church, I would be the first in line to drink the Kool-Aid.  We were in the Mezzanine level and it was perfect.  I don't think there is a bad seat in the house.  The theater only seats 1500.  He talks about his family and musical influences and transitions into his own music.  It was an unbelievable, unforgettable amazing show.  It was worth every penny we spent on tickets.
5	I'm a Texan, but I don't wear Wranglers or Boots. I wouldn't really call myself a hardcore Garth groupie, but this show was Amazing!!We went for my mom's birthday and sat in the mezzanine level. Tickets were not cheap, but it was worth it. Even up top, the seats weren't bad.The highlights for me were him singing Bob Seger with just him and his guitar and of course, his own songs. At frist when he came out, he was so hype, but then he settled down...We even had a surprise and Trisha Yearwood came out!This show was great - go see it!
4	While I do see what the people with the lower star ratings are talking about, no question this man is amazingly talented.  I was expecting a band, cowboy hat, some running around, maybe even some flying, so if this is what you are thinking, it couldn't be further from the truth.  It's a one man operation, which I'm sure Mr. Wynn and Garth LOVE.  I'm glad I saw it, it was entertaining, but if I wanted to hear other people sing Garth Brooks songs very loudly I would go to a bar.
5	Checking this off the bucket list.  Yes, I seriously have one and yes, seeing Garth was seriously on it.This show is -- like everyone has said -- a one man show with a little help from the missus.  It starts off with Garth Brooks kind of acting like Tom Cruise when he was on Oprah and jumped up on that couch.  Kind of a maniac.  But he quickly settles in to delivering an awesome show that I would imagine is great even for non Country fans.  I freaking love Country so I cannot really comment on that.At first, I was trepiditious because he was telling some great stories but not playing a lot of music.  That quickly changes and the appearance by Trisha Yearwood was great.  Her voice is better live than on the radio.  Amazing.  And there is an easy love between these two.  Not to sound too cheese whiz, but you can tell they truly love each other and it was really cute to see them together.  I also really liked how the show is set up as Garth Brooks' life story through music.  I have always been a Garth Brooks fan but was really shocked to see just how charming he is even when he isn't singing but just talking to the audience.  Highly entertaining and I would recommend this show to anyone looking for a unique Las Vegas show and a fun night.  One word of caution: Once you get Friends in Low Places in your head, it never leaves.  You've been warned!
5	Awsome!!!! We were in the center orchestra 11 th row. All seats ate great, but these were amazing! He is a amazing singer but surprisingly he is a amazing entertainer! All tickets are the same price but if you stay at the encore or the Wynn you will get premium seats. During our show he brought out his wife Trisha Yearwood and they sang together! A must see in my books!
5	I didn't know what to expect after reading the reviews and seeing the price tag.  But I love Garth and have never had the chance to see him live before, so I jumped in with both feet.  And it was worth it.  Real talk, not every seat in the house should be $250, they truly are not all equal.  Sorry, Steve Wynn, but just because sightlines are good, does not mean that the LAST row should be charged the same as the first row.  NOPE.  Having said that however, the show is still worth seeing if you have a love for Garth and some of his greatest hits intermingled with some of the greatest hits from the time of his birth.  It's not overly showy, so do not expect crazy displays or any backup dancers, or even a band.  It's just him on a stage, with a brief visit from his wife Trisha (which is AWESOME).  But if you just want to hear Garth sing some tunes, and tell some funny anecdotes about those tunes and his life, and you enjoy singing along, then this is a show worth your time.  I and my party had a great time, and yes we sat WAYYYYYY far back.  It was pretty entertaining even without all the bells and whistles.  I just hope you can afford the price of entry.
5	I have always thought that my husband and I are the cutest couple in the entire universe.  Garth Brooks and Tricia Yearwood are a VERY VERY close second.  Ohmygosh, they are adorable. I have lived in Vegas for almost 2 years, and never had any desire to see the Garth show.  I like country, but I am not a die hard fan or anything.  The only reason that I went was because a friend from LA had purchased tickets and couldn't go so he gave them to my husband and I since we were LV locals.  I now regret not watching him sooner.  The show truly is amazing.  I have been to a Garth Brooks concert before, and this is NOT a concert. There is no band, no crazy light show, no pyrotechnics. Only a simple stage and a guitar.  It is such an intimate setting that I felt like we were just hanging out with Garth and he was telling us stories from his childhood, telling us about the music and artists that influenced his own music.  I swear that we made eye contact at least 10 times- and of course, I swooned.  I always knew he was talented, but never really understood HOW talented.  His guitar strumming skills, his amazing voice, and his stage presence had me mesmerized.  I felt like I had a silly grin the entire time.  At one point, when I actually took my eyes off of Garth to look at my hip hop/rap/techno fan of a husband, I saw that he had that same silly grin. He was as enraptured as I.  ***** If you haven't seen his show yet, make reservations now.  According to the website, there are ONLY 4 shows left.  Seriously, stop reading this review and get ready for a one man show that you will NEVER forget.  In fact, I may just have to go again.
5	I was in High School when I was first introduced to country music in the early 90's. Growing up in urban surroundings it was usually hip/hop and rap.I loved me some Garth Brooks sounds. Didn't get a chance to ever see him in concert and I just couldn't fathom paying that much to see him in a big venue where most likely I'll be seeing him from a television screen.I got to see him this past weekend, one of his last four shows as a birthday present from my boyfriend, who had to find tickets via the web. I was seating in the last row at the last seat and I still see Garth's face. 99.9% of the audinnce was causaian, with the exception of Darius Rucker, I'm not sure too many African Americans like Country or would confess to liking. I mean Nelly and Tim McGraw? You'll never here Nelly actually admit that, but he did colloborate withone the biggest country stars there.However, I'm sure I  confused some folks walking in with my hair braided in cornrows looking hispanic and underage.Anyhow, back to my review.. I'm glad I waited this long to see Garth in this type of venue. It was him, a guitar, and stool, and two bottles of water.It is a show about a mans journey into the country music business and the influences that help shaped his music. Some reviews complained  it wasn't a big show like his tours but preferred this. Maybe he doesn't play all 177 songs, but he is very versatile in the songs he covers, which is how most singers start. He has some very funny insight to the music of the 60's and 70s. And if you are lucky, you'll get a special surprise of Trisha Yearwood performing. They both have a great banter. It is a side to a performer that one rarely sees, the human side, they grew up much like us, listening to the same music, sibling, rivarly, parent issues, etc.. They just grew up and became famous, and we didn't. One of my criteria to see a music performer live is that they sound like they do on their CDs. For the most part, the country artists that I have seen live up to that.At a recent 50 years old, Garth still does. If you can get tickets to his last few shows, I'd highly recommend it.
5	AWESOME concert.  I'm glad we went on the last weekend or else we would've missed an awesome performance.  Thank you Garth.  It was a night to remember.
5	Well I have always wanted to see Garth Brooks and I paid 1200 dollars for two tickets to see him. We sat in the back at that. 5 minutes into the show I was not happy because I realized that his band was not there and he was singing Meryl Haggard and George Jones songs. I did not go to see him perform other peoples music. After 15 minutes of the show I lightened up and realized that this was not a bad show after all. A half hour into the show I realized this was the best concert that I had ever attended, I hated for it to end. Sitting all the way in the back I still felt close to Garth Brooks. My wife cried when he did the Dance and I sat in awe the whole time. Garth did a great job and I would pay 1200 to see him again. But I will get tickets earlier next time because they only cost 200. I had to buy them from Stub Hub which is more expensive. Deserves 6 starsNot good for kids under 13 has some cussing in it. But now a days parents let their kids go to just about anything anyway. He does not use the F word and mostly says Damn and S###
1	Just. Not. Good.This show is not closed, by the way. He has been performing sporadically this year. "Final" show is tonight (Praise Science). This show just stinks. Everything about it is terrible. And because of the pricepoint, it is actually worse than CeeLo's shameful Loberace debacle. Let me just establish that I love live music. Love it. Absolutely love it. Everyone that knows me knows this. I will go hear anyone, anywhere. I must say that I have yet to hear a polka artist do their thing, but now that I have thought about it, I am already loosely planning to. I have heard the Jonas Brothers. (Enough said.)I went to Celine's show and liked it. (Fuck off.)A couple of things about my process. (You may find this strange.) I go to a ton of live shows, but I do not -- absolutely do not -- listen to studio recordings of an artist before having heard them perform live in concert. I just don't. I do not want to. Now, I do not think I have yet to hear this asshole's music, being that he played none of it during the show. 500$: down the drain. You know where one can hear more of Garth Brooks music performed live ... I mean, it certainly is absolutely not at "Garth: Live from Las Vegas." Care to guess? At a fucking tribute matinee show called Country Superstars. I just saved you five hundred bucks. Worst. Spent. Money. (Ever.) This show absolutely sucks!You know ... I am all about the artist doing whatever the fuck they want. It is their gig. Do whatever you want. Fuck, I went to hear (if you can call it that) Sly Stone perform live. He played the same amount of music as Garth does here and he happens to be seriously mentally ill (rambling about his shoes for minutes at length). Let me be clear: this guy does not actually play any music -- which is fine with me (dude should do what he wants) -- but, instead tells dumb ass stories that only his most hardcore fans would care to hear and plays ten second snippets of other artists' songs while you sit with bewilderment explicitly showing on your face at having spent 500$ on this bullshit. This is not a concert; it is a social experiment to produce supporting evidence showing how fucking imbecilic country music fanatics are. One star. R.I.P. Johnny Cash. - EPostscript. The time it will took you to read this -- if you choose to in its entirety -- is more time than Garth actually spent performing his own fucking music on stage.
3	Garth tried to be too much a comedian & not as much a multi-platinum singer. Even the most experienced comics become boring after an hour or so...Enjoyed the history of his influences, but dragged out too much. Would have preferred more Garth songs instead. Also, missed the band. Cutting costs? Guitar seemed to be too loud & sometimes overshadowed his singing.Too many references to word 'people' & too much back & forth walking on stage.Good news is he still has a voice. And, IF he gets back to being an entertainer of the year singing performer, I would pay to see him. However....if he's launching a new career in comedy & pub style venues, I will stick to the locals for a much lower price.
5	His show was simply "captivating".  You didn't know what was coming next and as an artist, I felt he "opened his soul and let you look inside".  Who does that?  Garth does that!  He takes you on a journey...through his life!  He shares, he's honest, he's humble and he's funny and he ties it all together with his music.  You can hear his music if you pay your dime, you can hear it on TV, on the Radio and on your home recordings, but when can you sit down and have a "personal " experience with the Man of Music and also hear his songs directly from him.  There is no distractions...it's you and Garth.  You can hear a pin drop.  It was worth every penny and I flew all the way from Nova Scotia, Canada to see him .  You're close enough you can see his blue eyes, feel his smile and if you stop, you may hear a heart beating...ops, that's mine!Great concert Garth, you bring it to the "people" and sometimes even to those who are critics..you make them believers and those who aren't....we'll don't waste your time.  You're doing it right.  Do you know how I know?  You're the one on the stage being paid to entertain and sing from your heart.  We so appreciate "you".  Looking forward to hearing some of those " songs" that are still on the pages  and you haven't yet given them wings to fly......
