5	I love Papago Stables!!  I have known the Scott family for over 20 years and boarded my two horses there for a few years in the early 1990's.  Jane Scott, a former Jackson Hole, Wyoming rodeo queen, bought one of my horses, Peponita Anita, sired by world class cutting horse Peponita.  Papago Riding Stable has a wonderful horse boarding facility as well as a large number of good horses to ride.  The Scott's love horses and it shows in the care they take of all the horses on their property.  Now my grandaughter rides there.  It is an excellent component of The Rio Salado area..  Below I have attached Papago Riding Stables website information which Wayne Scott, a family owner and stable manager, gave me permission to post.  Treat your family and loved ones to a wonderful horse ride at the best horse stable in the valley!!Papago Riding Stable - was established in 1965 by Bill Scott and is one of the oldest riding stables in the Valley with access to over 2,000 acres of beautiful desert foothills in Papago Park. Our full-service facility is on 5 acres of land with a lighted arena, turnout areas and round pen. The stable is still owned and operated by the Scott family. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------**  TRAIL RIDES **CALL TO RESERVE YOUR RIDE TODAY! 480-966-9793We also offer GIFT CERTIFICATES! Makes a great and unique gift.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------With miles of equestrian trails, you can ride for hours to popular destinations, including 'Hole in the Wall' rock formation, Governor Hunt Pyramid monument, ponds, view animals at Phoenix Zoo or you can just get away and find your own trail!Located right in town on Tempe Town Lake, South of the 202 and West of Scottsdale Road, across from the ASU stadium and close to the Light-Rail system.Being right in town, Papago Stable offers your family numerous recreational activities for both riders and non-riders. Bike, roller blade or walk along the lake or to Mill Avenue, rent a canoe, sailboat or go fishing.
5	I have been boarding my horses at Papago Stables for 5 years.  Great family place. The trail rides are great as well.  Can't beat the scenery and the staff is wonderful!
5	Great folks, nice trail ride thru Papago Park and a throw back to the old Wyoming ranch in the big city.
4	Upon first inspection, Papago Riding Stables is in the strangest location for a pony ride. Located in Tempe in the shadow of ASU Sun Devil Stadium and the highway, as we drove up I assumed we would be transported to another location for our ride. After checking in we learned that we would, indeed, be riding our horses along the sidewalk and under the highway to Papago Park. The park was beautiful and, when at the highest point provides a lovely view of the city and the mountains surrounding the city. Seth, our guide and, I believe, the owner, was a personable cowboy and made our hour-long trek enjoyable. My husband is a big guy (6'5") and once we arrived they quickly saddled up their largest horse, Mini, and were able to accommodate him.The horses were gentle and docile, they didn't require much handling or skill. It was perfect for novices. My one recommendation to the owners would be to make their property a little easier to navigate for people who've never visited. When we arrived we were not sure exactly where to go to check in. You kind of wander between a couple of buildings before you find the stables. The nice thing about this ride is that its location is convenient, especially when on a limited timeframe. I would definitely recommend Papago Stables and would take this ride again if I'm in Phoenix.
4	I ride. The beauty of a trail ride at this stable is that it's fine if you do, fine if you don't. It's a guided ride [yeah don't think you'll be galloping up through Papago] which means a walk. A lovely walk in the desert. We took the kiddo and Jeff's sister on a gorgeous Arizona spring day. Cactus blooming in the hills, a breeze and a wonderful view. The folks are kind and considerate and you get your money's worth [cash or check only]. Riding in Arizona generally does not come cheaply and the rates here are very reasonable. The kiddo [11] did great on - as others mention - a docile horse, Vegas. Our guide Kevin made sure we were all secure and patiently encouraged the kiddo when his horse went on an unscheduled side trip for greens. It's worth the trip, a hidden gem along Tempe Town Lake.
1	I wish I could give zero stars. I really REALLY wish I could. This place does NOT provide adequate care to ANY of its horses.They dumped rocks in my stalls, caused my horses to go lame due to stone bruising, NEVER cleaned the stalls or the waters and NEVER did ANYTHING they agreed to do in their own boarding contract!Upon repeated complaints by my husband and myself, Wayne told him that we weren't a good fit for the barn and that we complained too much so we needed to leave. He said that we only paid $275 a month and expected the service of a $600 a month barn.No, Mr. Scott, we expected you to do what you agreed to in your boarding agreement! We expected you to do AT LEAST the bare minimum when it comes to horse care! Horses NEED;Clean waterclean stallsfresh beddingNo rocks in their stallsConsistent feeding of quality feedYou provided NONE of those services for our $275! We never asked you to groom them, turn them out, ride them, paint their feet in gold leaf lacquer or provide grain. You didn't do ANYTHING you were supposed to!We plan on suing Papago Stables Inc. and it's owner, Wayne Scott,  for their neglect and fact they failed to render the services we paid for as well as the medical care my horses are undergoing in order to be brought back to soundness. We took photos of EVERYTHING.You claim to have "done this" for over 30 years. I've done it for over 20 and I will NEVER neglect an animal like you have mine. You have STAFF. That leaves you NO excuse. Instead of doing the work to keep these animals comfortable, you sat and played ping pong and drank beer while roping your cattle and donkey. All play and no work makes horse owners sincerely pissed off.I wont even get in to how badly you treat your dude string horses. Watching them spend the entire winter standing up to their ankles in mud created by their own urine and feces, that was NEVER cleaned until AFTER they left and seeing them never be brushed or bathed even when shedding and covered in that gross soup, made me want to cry. You'd think the thousands of dollars they brought you in over the winter would be enough to make you want to treat them right! I guess you figure they're just disposable and when one gets too sick to use, you'll throw it away and get a new one. How sick. You don't deserve ANY animals!Papago Stables is long overdue for being shut down and losing its license.Oh... BTW... I now pay $250 a month per horse at a SHOW BARN and my horses are waited on hand and foot.
5	I have been boarding my horse here for about three months now, and I absolutely love it!  I have been riding my entire life and have been to many "show barns" where people are NOT friendly.  At Papago you become part of a family, the people are very friendly and we all help each other by turning each other's horses out to run and play, or even just feeding them carrots. People here do not judge you by what style of riding you do.  I ride english and many times we are looked at by being snooty.  Not here!  My horse came here a little on the "thin" side and since being here he has gained about 100 lbs.  They feed the horses very well here with good quality food.  Stalls are cleaned daily, and get fresh bedding. The facility offers a large arena with lights that is keep watered to control dust, turn-outs, round pen, and a wash rack.  The staff is superb!  They are very accommodating and seem to love what they do.  The trails are some of the best I have been on.  They offer very easy laid back trails to more advanced.  I don't see why anyone would go anywhere else!
