5	When this skate park opened in 2000, it was the premiere park in AZ, it was the biggest, nicest, newest place, designed by and for skaters (Site Design Group, same people who did the Flagstaff park, also excellent). i don't think a park of this caliber had been built in phx yetnow, with the ever-increasing popularity of extreme sports, several others parks have opened, and arguably surpassed the amazingness of this particular park. but it still remains a favorite.now the important stuff, lots of hand rails and two bowls (one is nine feet at the deep end and includes actual true vert- about one foot.). a fun box in the middle... and tons of other features.this park does not allow bikes. on a weekend morning it is PACKED with little kids, as young as 3 and 4, wobbling around and falling in the lines of the more experienced skaters. also be wary of younger kids whom aren't familiar with skate park code of conduct (i.e., cutting in on a run, dippin gin to the bowl out of turn, staying out the way of faster skaters).all in all i think this  is a nice, clean park, aside from the skate area. if you don't actually skate, there are plenty of tables, BBQs and stuff to enjoy.
5	This place is awsome.  I am so glad we have one in Chandler.
2	Drove quite a ways to try this out and was very disappointed.  Aerial photo on the Internet looked great, but when we arrived, there were a lot of leaves and garbage in all of the bowls, poorly patched  and uneven concrete and some poorly thought out rough edges on some transitions.  Does not seem well maintained for the upscale area it is in.Goodyear skatepark is much better, more well maintained and cleaner, even though they were designed by the same company.The only thing going for this is the big volcano and pyramids in the middle that all of the scooter kids hang out on and do tricks from.
4	Pretty huge skatepark. Love the fact that there is enough room to actually skate around. But it can be packed with skateboarders during the evening. There is a children's play park literally next door, fun for all the kiddos.
