5	Multiple shipping services available, friendly employees, fast service, products available.I love not having to stand in line for 15-20 minutes at the Post Office! The UPS Store offers a variety of shipping options and will help you find the cheapest option. I've been in there probably four-five times in the last two years, and every employee has been very friendly and helpful. They also sell cards, supplies, poster tubes, etc.
5	They have been great from day one. I relocated to Phoenix and They started helping me prior to moving here. They  continued to help me after I moved here. They are very customer friendly!! The employees are pleasant to work with and very helpful.
5	Well here is a UPS Store that actually is friendly and cares about its customers.  I can't foresee this one being owned by the one on highland avenue because it's clearly two different types of service. This store seems to care about its customers!!
5	Oops. Posted review to wrong place and now I can't erase it on my phone.
1	This is the Worst place to get anythingShipped and Please don't believe a word they say. Tuesday Jan 14 I wanted to Ship a small bicycle to Puerto Ricothe young Hispanic kid behind the Counter says its going to be over $400 dollars to get this shippedAnd some older Bald White guys says GEEZ that's a big  36lb package Then he tells me the USPS won't even Touch it ... Well guess what USPS did ship it and at a tune of $42.00 STAY CLEAR of these LIARS It's really a shame I send packages all the time I was just trying them cause they are in my neighborhood ....I don't mind paying extra for the service But 10 times the amount is a little much..
5	I've been a customer of this location since October 2012 AD. I ship about two packages every 90 days. I have nothing but good things to say about the service I've received at this location. Solid!
4	This place has been a life saver twice for me in the past six months.  In addition to all the UPS offerings for shipping, wrapping, greeting cards and office-related impulse purchases, they've got Notary Public service for $2.00.  Excellent.
5	Friendly, efficient staff and fast service...I rent a mailbox here, and the guys behind the counter remember me when I walk in and even help me take packages out to my car if the packages are heavy or unwieldy. The parking lot can be a circus, especially during lunchtime, but they do have 2 spots reserved in front for their customers which is nice too.
1	Don't bother to go to this location. Their notary isn't on premise regularly and it'll be a waste of a trip.  Terrible service model.
