4	Great show for all ages.  Mike was very on the ball and quick-witted.  His tricks were fun and interactive.  He's a charming and talented performer.  This is a must if you're spending a day at the Fremont Experience.
4	Mike Hammer does have skills but it is his personality that steals the show.  He interacts with audience members of all ages and the entire audience was laughing nonstop for over an hour!  A great family show before or after dinner!
5	I live in Vegas and have my pick of all the entertainment here any time I want. I pick Mike Hammer's show time and time again. He is so quick with his wit and because he interacts with the audience A LOT, the jokes are always changing. I always bring visitors to his show as he appeals to everyone, young or old. His comedy has ZERO *F* bombs in it, yet is spicy enough to make adults laugh while the rest goes right over the young ones' heads. THAT in itself demonstrates true comedic talent.
5	One of the absolute best comedy magicians around. His quick witted humor blends so well with his magic tricks that the audience can't help but be mystified and rolling in their seats. Great for any age, amazing price, great location (the showroom at the Four Queens is spectacular!) I reccommend this to anyone that wants to see a fun show in Vegas!
5	Sixth time seeing the show. Affordably priced, it's my first choice when extended family and friend's visit Las Vegas. I'm constantly baffled at how he has me laughing so hard even after I've already seen his act! In my experience, people of all age and backround have found this entertaining.
4	The show is great!  There's no new, ground-breaking magic here.  You will have a fun time and enjoy the magic.  I thought I had seen enough magic shows to me "magic-ed out."  But, Hammer is such a genial and funny guy that you just sit back, laugh, and enjoy every moment of this show.Hammer engages the audience and he has a very quick mind.  Last night's show was attended mostly by tourists in Las Vegas.  It's always fun to watch tourists participating in shows like this.  What happens here goes home in photos taken by friends and family members.While there are a few double entendre references, the show is good for almost all ages.  You will enjoy yourself if you see this show.  Hammer is a very talented guy!
5	Had a terrific time at Mike's show.  His wit is stunningly fast, his memory is incredible, and he's so charming and funny.  Impressive magic, respectful and involving, he can't be beat.  Will see you again, Mike.
5	Best show I saw in Vegas.  The magic was typical sleight of hand stuff that seemed to be more of a tool to engage the audience, which Mike has no problem doing.  During the show I sat in the back next to a rather drunk, and obnoxious person, who at one point was waving his phone at Mike to get his attention.  Amazingly, Mike acknowledged him and worked to incorporate him into the show as well.  Kudo's for showmanship!  Unfortunately I saved this show for my last night in town, or I would have gladly come back for an encore performance.  Several kids were in the audience, along with my 13y.o., and though some things may have been more "mature" there was definitely nothing obscene or foul about this show.
1	Worst show I've ever seen.  I seriously beleive all these other reviews are from his friends or friend's friends.  Comedy was cheesy.  Tricks were very basic, nothing spectacular.  Has a bunch of pre-selected audience members that are terrible actors.  I posted a negative review on tripadvisor and it was flagged as "inappropriate".  I honestly beleive that Mike Hammer himself flags all negative reviews so that only the positive ones show up.  Super shady guy.I paid $10 and felt super ripped off.  Similar show like Mac King are waayyyyy better.
4	Cheap Awsome.
5	I've seen this show four times now, and each one is different.  Mike enjoys the interaction with the guests and builds the performance around their personalities, whether they be in groups, a fun couple, or just a unique individual.  His illusions are small in scale, but perfectly sized for the venue and the intimacy he's going for.  Mike has a bubbly energetic personality, with lots of sly expressions, quick wit, and charisma by the truckload. My favorite moment is when he brings up some lovely lady to wordlessly shadow him on a trick with newspaper and a glass of water.  Pure genius!  While he likes to poke fun, both he and his production manager treat people with respect and make them feel valued.  I've recommended this show to personal friends who have loved it as well.  I'll be taking another group of friends to see him in October.  Even at a higher ticket price, this show would be worth it.
4	Cheap and very funny.  This guy is a Don Rickles type comic who also does magic.  Don't expect David Copperfield, but tickets are as low as $10 with a coupon, including a free drink.Tons of audience participation and incredible improv.  He brought my 13 yo on stage which I really appreciated.  He also hangs out after the show and signs everything.Funny guy, edgy enough for the adults, but still family friendly.  Probably the best comedian on Fremont.
4	Pretty funny.  He gets almost the entire audience involved and is quick on his feet.  He does make fun of everyone so be prepared but its always in a fun manner and no one seemed to be offended.  I would definitely go again!As far as the claims that people in the audience are preselected I can attest that that is totally not true.  I went with 4 friend and 2 of us were pulled on stage and were definitely not prepared  for it.  Mike was very nice and tries to make you feel comfortable (well as comfortable as you can with 50 people staring back at you).  After the show we went to dinner and had an elderly gentlemen come up and tell us "our" show was really funny.  He was super sweet about it but I kept thinking "how dumb can you get?"  Mike Hammer must have interacted with 50% of the audience... how can people think that 50% of the people there are planted?
4	For ~$15 (coupons located all around the 4 Queens at the hotel registration counter, cashier, slot club, etc.) you get a ticket to the show plus a drink. Well worth the price. There is also a 2 for 1 coupon in the 2012 version of the American Casino Guide.Most of his act is very similar in style to other comedy magic routines (such as Mac King) but completely different in execution so you are definitely seeing something different. He also has a penchant for bringing up the most inebriated members of the audience on stage. Of course how well or funny this is will vary from show to show but ended up being pretty hilarious. The show will last around an hour but we ran over a bit due to the drunk audience members not being very good at following instructions :DThis show is definitely kid friendly. A bit of innuendo and silliness but nothing extreme or over the top. He brings kids on stage for one of the bits also.He does a good job making jokes based on audience members as well but is not mean spirited at all. Funny and entertaining, well worth the money.The 4 Queens also provided a match play coupon at the end of the show so that made it an even bigger value. Of course there is no guarantee they will always do this but it was a nice touch.
5	Very funny and well worth the money! Small venue so all seats are great.
3	I would say the show is just, "OK."  I do admit he was very funny...this show has a lot of audience participation, and he does a lot of improv and definitely has fun/makes fun of the audience. I don't know if its completely family friendly because some jokes were more of adult nature, but they were suttle so kids may not really understand them anyway.  I had free tickets but the show runs around $10-15, with coupons for free drinks.  At the end they offered something about $10 in free slot play and there was an acoustic rock show at 9:00PM, that they offered for free if you just saved your ticket stub for his show.  So it's definitely a great value for the price.  One or two tricks were good but I wasn't too impressed with the rest. I felt he spent a lot more time talking than doing tricks.  It took him a long time to actually get to the tricks because he kept talking/making jokes.  Overall i think there may have been 5-7 tricks?  The rest of the time he talks and makes jokes...even as he is doing the tricks he keeps pausing to talk to the audience participator or make fun of them....so he just dragged it out too much and when he finally did the trick I was already a little bored by that point.  But like I said, for it being so cheap I would say it is worth the price.
5	Great show!  This guy really deserves a show on the strip.  Hilarious jokes and banter while performing impressive close magic  - none of the big-budget smoke and mirrors.  He involves the audience, but doesn't embarrass anybody or keep them on stage forever.  Cheap too!  Must see while in Freemont.
1	I have to say I'm not sure how there is so much positive feedback for this show. Some of his tricks were alright (although I've seen many pulled off smoother) but his comedic insults at just about everyone in the audience were below the belt. I didn't realize I was about to spend my evening watching an audience full of people get made fun of. A few jokes would have been just fine but he comes off as arrogant and it made many people uncomfortable. That honestly ruined the experience for me. I didn't pay anything for the tickets but would not even recommend going for free. I live in Vegas and go to a lot of shows...if you are only in town a few days I would look into something else.
5	Often when I really like something (or really hate something), I like to read some of the reviews that have a very different opinion. This is one of those cases.From what I can tell, the dissenters fall into two categories:1) Mike Hammer's comedy is too edgy and made some people uncomfortable. You see reviews like this about the amazing Absinthe show as well. There's nothing you can do about these people. Some people simply prefer the "Leave it to Beaver" type of humor and get uncomfortable around even "The Simpsons" (let's not even go to "South Park" or "Family Guy"). If you are stodgy and prefer humor from the 1950's, don't go to this (or Absinthe or almost any comedy show).2) Mike Hammer's magic is dull. These are the people who don't quite understand that "comedy magic" is not the same as, say, "magic". Magic is only a part of the *entertainment* and may be secondary - it's called "comedy magic" and not "magic comedy", right? In addition, the $100+ people pay/paid for Copperfield, Siegfried & Roy, Lance Burton (I have seen all of those) is very different than the $22.50 for Mike Hammer. But he has enough tricks to make people - even those veterans of many shows - go, "I wonder how he did that?"The show is very, very entertaining. Hammer is skilled at his craft and has obviously honed it over years. His improvisation with the crowd is impressive and he has a very quick wit. You simply won't spend a better $22.50 in Vegas *anywhere*.
4	I was reading the rest of the reviews after reading Jemmie W.'s and I have to agree with him. People do not understand that type of comedy sometimes. Yea, he is making fun the audience, but what are people doing when he does that? They laugh.  My whole audience, if the little kids that were there, laughed so hard at everything insult, joke, and magic trick that Mike Hammer threw at us. He was funny to me. Even the elderly folks laughed when he made fun of them for being old. Everyone participated with an open mind and that is the type of audience this show needs. If you get defensive about language and insults, than this is really not a show for you. I enjoyed the magic part. I am a gullible person, so every trick I was amazed at how people even come up with magic tricks like that. I know there is a solution, but I respect those who can even come up with amazing stuff like this. Overall, I really liked the show. Cheap, fun, and entertaining.
5	This is such a fun show, and Mike is amazing at improv, not to mention the magic.  Two people from our group were called up on stage which was hilarious!!!  I guarantee the volunteers weren't planted.  What a great night, thanks Mike!
5	Me and my boyfriend were walking around the old strip downtown area and we were approached by a man offering free tickets with a purchase of a drink! We went to Queens and had a blast!! Mike Hammer was amazing and we loved every second of it! We paid about $10 for a drink but I heard normal price is about $23 which is well worth it too! We were picked on for some jokes as well as some magic tricks so it is not rigged! We had a fun time and overall enjoyed it very much!
4	My husband and I got impromptu free tickets from a fantastic local website and off we went to see Mike Hammer at the classy 4 Queens. The show is very low budget. We sat on chairs with circular leather cushions that may have been hand-me-downs from Hugo's Cellar in the 70s, but I digress. The show was definitely worth the free price tag! I may have even paid $10 or $15 to see it! Some of the magic tricks are the same as the Harry Potter Magic Show that I take my kids to at the library once a year, but as other reviews have mentioned, the show is about comedy. It doesn't quite contain any blow-your-mind magic tricks like you "might" at David Copperfield, but he kept us laughing and entertained the whole time. Some may get offended at his jokes, and i would certainly never bring my kids, ever ever ever, not unless they're 21, which would still probably be a little awkward. I would certainly recommend visiting if your'e looking for a less expensive show compared to those on the strip, aren't easily offended, and enjoy bawdy humor and simple magic tricks. My husband and I signed up for a players card after and headed to Magnolia's Cafe for some prime rib. We walked out of there paying $15. That's a $15 date night with dinner and show. Super worth it!
4	This show is a very good show for all ages.  It is located downtown at the Four Queens.  The setup of the room is the worst thing about this show.  The chairs are too close together and not very comfortable.  You barely have room for a drink and there are no tables at all.  The room is packed and really too full.  He needs a bigger theatre.Mike is a very good performer and is constantly interacting with the audience.  He really tries to makes sure everyone has a great time except he does seem to pick on one person in the crowd the whole show.  It is all in good fun and I'm sure even the person that he picks on has a great time.  He does several different magic acts but the main focus of the show is the comedy and his interaction with the audience.  He does a couple very fun magic tricks.  My favorite is when brings someone on stage (not willingly dont set up front or on the aisle if you dont want to be picked) to help create his dream girl.  The audience member chosen draws the color of the girls clothes and hair etc etc.  Mike then pulls a doll out a bag exactly like the drawing.  I think I know how he does it but I wont ruin it for you here.Mike stays after the show until everyone has had their pictures taken and questions answered.  He seems like a great guy and really enjoys the audience.  The price of the show is good and there is several coupons available downtown for it.http://mikehammershow.com/
3	This show was ok. Mike was funny enough with very minimal magic. If you don't plan on being picked on like most comedy theaters... DON'T SIT IN THE FRONT... My poor boyfriend and other guy friend were practically crippled by the jokes laid on em. The humor was decent at best but nonetheless quite entertaining. The magic was a little better than the humor but also nothing spectacular.If you have a small time frame to kill and just want to see ANY show in Vegas for an inexpensive price, this is a good one to test out. It's in downtown &  I believe the tickets were somewhere around $25 a person? Plus you get a free drink ticket. This is perfect for the person/group on a budget or time crunch. If you're looking for laughs till your stomach hurts or magic that leaves you thinking & questioning it for weeks, try somewhere else.
5	Took my kids 11 and 8 to see the show and we all loved it.. Mike was funny and very entertaining.. We all thought his magic tricks were amazing.. We look forward to seeing him again next time we are in Vegas !!!
5	We just saw the Mike Hammer show at the 4 Queens last night!  Wow!  He has amazing energy and creativity!  Mike keeps the show moving with fast paced comedy and magic.  His impromptu style of pulling guests from the audience and enrolling them into the show was both captivating and a laugh a minute.  You just never know where you will be hammered with his keen since of humor and creative magic touches... I still can't figure out how he swallowed the raser blades and smiled while doing it.  The  Mike Hammer show is a must see, catch him now while he is affordable...It's my guess he will be on the strip in a big room sometime soon!  5 stars in our book!!!Jesse Ferrell
5	We were staying at the Four Queens Hotel over Memorial Day weekend and we decided to attend this show since it was in our Hotel. Mike Hammer is hilarious. He interacts well with the crowd and his spontaneous jokes are extremely funny. His magic tricks are very good considering that he is not allotted a very big budget for props. After the show, he held a meet and greet session. I would recommend this show to anyone.
5	We were laughing the whole show.  He is brilliant.  A fantastic mix of comedy and magic!  I have to type this is one of the most entertaining show ive seen on the strip in last seven years of living here.  I strongly recommend you seeing it!
5	As a family of four that loves snarky sarcasm this was our kinda show.  We laughed the whole time.  Don't sit in front our aisles if you don't want to be picked.  Our kids both got autographs and pictures with Mike, as he hung in the hallway after the show.
5	The best money i spent this trip! We got three tickets for $30 and i got WAY more than i expected! I laughed from start to finish! His illusions are great and had me guessing, and his comedy is sharp! Seriously, have a couple drinks, head on over to the 4 Queens, bring your party people and your sense of humor! You will not regret dropping a few bucks on this quality entertainment!
5	A fabulous show.  I would go back again and again.
4	We saw the Mike Hammer show on 12/20/2014 and we enjoyed it very much. He was funny, engaging and very interactive. If you are going to be in the area, it's definitely worth going to see.
4	Pretty good comedy show. Worth checking out if you are just hanging out and looking for something to do. Def made me laugh.
