4	Taking over in the spot where Russian Passion used to ply its trade, the Bluebird Cafe is bright and fresh, with a menu of interesting items. I sampled very good soup, from a daily selection of four varieties, and quite a good hotdog. Their breakfast menu looks intriguing, with Tennessee buttermilk pancakes on offer. It might be a good spot for a Yelpy brunch visit, but given it's rather small there'd only be room for around ten people, I reckon.Overall, we said: "the Bluebird Cafe looks to be starting from a very promising position. They have some kinks to iron out, and some menu typos to correct, but I think they have a strong chance of developing into a real local favourite. It's a place that's well worthy of a visit, I'd say."
4	Had a quick lunch in this tiny little cafe the other day. The menu mostly consists of soups and sandwiches, along with some breakfast items like pancakes. I went for the soup and half sandwich combo, which made for a well-priced, filling, and tasty midday meal. The ingredients were all fresh and high-quality. Service was friendly and efficient.
5	I popped into the Bluebird Cafe today on the way home from town, I had spotted it from the bus but hadn't had a chance to visit until now, and I'm glad we did.  On this occasion we only had time to takeaway, we opted for the two specials that were on offer a Pulled Pork baguette and a Chicken and Bacon with BBQ sauce Baguette, both packed full of filling and really tasty.  We also bought one of their massive cheese scones and a millionaires shortbread, again both great. The takeaway menu has a variety of sandwiches and soups so a good choice. Service was great, the staff chatted away and were really friendly, recommending to us the Tennessee Buttermilk Pancakes for our next visit! Which I can definitely say there will be!
3	After following this on facebook, I really wanted to to try this piece of Nashville after seeing the series on tv.It's small inside, so can only fit a few folk in. As I didn't have anything to eat I can't really comment on the food but there were a few soups on offer and also nutella banana scones.  They do other things too - they have a menu for that!They do artisian roast for coffee, so opted for my favourite espresso styled beverage - the flat white.  It came in the typically sized cup for the choosen beverage but no rosetta. :(  - I like my coffee art but this was a blob of froth at the top. :(The toilet (males & females a like have to sharet his one loo) were clean.  I think if I'm in the area and needed some soup, I would come again as I haven't written it off!The interior is clean, bright and the staff are friendly too - which is always a plus in my opinion!
5	This place has:- Pulled pork sandwiches.- Artisan Roast coffee.- Nick Cave playing in the background.Need I say more?
