4	happening gallery/space that specializes in installation art, sound, new media--now home to the Mutek electronic music festival
4	All kinds of interesting nooks and crannies and work being done here at the SAT. In the same ground floor room I've seen the Cultural Minister of Brazil speak, participated in a live broadcast of Q with Jian Ghomeshi, and danced to a James Murphy DJ set. The Food Lab that happens upstairs is always tasty and fun and it's great to see food happen in their improvised open kitchen. The lights in the stairs are beautiful. The bathrooms are, in fact, unnecessarily splashy.
4	Only ever come here whenever there is a SoukSat fair. Huge space with a small resto on the top floor, which must be awesomely good, as it's ALWAYS full! I keep reading about the cuisine and the good reviews,hope to one day actually get a chance to try it. Just think, this place was once a bona fide meat market.... as in butcher shop.
3	I have very hit or miss experiences with this place. I've been for several live shows, and then also yesterday's CultMTL bbq. They put on good shows, and has a cool eclectic vibe with lots of diverse stuff always going on in the 3 floor building. However, it can also sometimes feel a bit clinical and expensive.I'm happy it exists, and supports the arts. But it's not always organized greatly. I saw Dirty Beaches once, and the sound was really bad, and the drinks were tiny cups and pricey, as were tickets (compared to other venues). People were booing and leaving by the end, myself included (leaving, not booing).I saw Mac DeMarco here, and because he's so wild, he just tore the place apart, crowdsurfing and kicking in the ceiling. Some staffers were flipping out a bit when people were falling next to musical equipment and the bar etc. Mac killed the pretension. That was a great night.Yesterday's CultMTL bbq. Awesome idea, awesome space, and I enjoyed myself with the food/music. However, again, I don't think organized very efficiently. Understaffed and a bit overcrowded, which is unnecessary because SAT is MASSIVE. They should've had two acts at the same time to keep people circulating around and things like that. Or some other incentive to move away from the one dense balcony corner. There was like a couple hundred ppl in attendance and maybe only 15% could see the band at a time, whilst ppl are squeezing past you with food/drinks etc. Little things here and there that I feel like I could fix easily but don't get attended do. I know it's an NPO, but still.. if needing to cut corners, it could be done a bit more craftily. But overall, very happy this place exists. I'm just gonna leave it at 3 stars for now, because of the hit/miss nature. I never feel entirely at ease here, something about it makes it slightly more difficult than other art venues to let your hair down entirely (I'm a guy with short hair, but, yeah). Otherwise easily upped to a 4.
