5	I have had eyelash extensions done all over the world. I am new in Vegas and have been to 5 different "eyelash specialists" and they were awful. I was lucky enough to find Nichole and she is the best I have ever been to. My lashes look amazing and I am constantly getting compliments on them. Nobody can tell they are not my own although they are very long and thick. Nichole does them so perfectly that they look like part of my own lash. Looooove her!!
5	Nichole is wonderful! Been going to her for almost a year for my lash extensions. I get tons of complements on my beautiful lashes! She's always willing to listen to my ideas and suggests different lash products. Currently I have silk lashes and really like how they look. I appreciate the fact that she's very flexible when making appointments and works around my schedule.
5	I have been wearing Eyelash Extensions for 2 years and I absolutely love coming to see Nichole. I live in San Diego but I visit my family in Las Vegas often and I am always sure to make an appointment with her when I am there. I found Nichole because I was visiting Las Vegas and had she took me last minute for an emergency lash fill when everywhere else I called failed to do so. I was so thankful that she would take me so last minute and touch up my eyelashes even though she had not originally applied them. I called several places and they were not willing to do my lashes as I was not a "regular" client. Odd? Don't they want my business? Nichole was a gem! She made my lashes gorgeous and full again. I also sent her my girlfriend and sister and they both absolutely love their lashes. I highly recommend seeing Nichole for Lash Extensions. I will follow here wherever she goes.
5	Ive been going to nichole for about 6 months! Not only does she do an awesome perfect job! BUT the compliments are non stop : )
5	Nicole is personable and knows what she's doing. The lashes are glued on one by one and she is quick! My husband was wowed when I walked in the door today! He loves them so that is a major plus! I have been doing my lashes for four years and when I moved out here I was shocked at all the places tat claim to be the best! B.S.!I have tried four or five places in the last year and all have been disappointing. Really be careful when finding someone to do your lashes as they can get very damaged. I will continue seeing Nicole and she has great taste in music!
4	"Nichole is quick and her work is just so cool and looks so natural :) very personable and its like gettin a power nap each time then waking up lookin fresh !!! Thanks Nichole !!!"  Go check her out... she won't disappoint !
5	Nichole is great!  I had lashes for about a year in LA and was scared to find a new lash stylist out here, but Nichole definitely knew what she was doing.  I've had mine almost 3 weeks now and gotten a lot of compliments.   Make sure you pick someone who does individual lashes and knows what they're doing or your lashes will fall out, trust me!  You're definitely in capable hands here!
5	Nicole is awesome and amazing. Her prices are reasonable, and she does a great job. I can't think of a single beauty fix that is easier and gets better results than Nicole's lash extensions. I really appreciate that every time I go, she's raising the bar on herself, which she has already set very hight. She is always trying to find ways to make us more comfortable, or tweak my lashes so they look even better than before. It's a real pleasure to visit Nicole every 3-4 weeks, and I love all the compliments I've been getting on my lashes. Try Nicole, you'll be very happy with the results and the service!
5	Nicole is the best, definitely a lash perfectionist.  I highly recommend her specifically, and lash extensions in general, they make such a difference!  Her prices are incredibly reasonable and you can schedule an appt. online, which is super convenient.  She's actually at the Phenix Salon Suites in Spring Valley now, you'll be wowed and addicted!
