3	A total dive, but worth it. Service is good and the Pho is authentic.
1	Maybe I went on a bad day but the food was pretty darn terrible. The spring rolls were falling apart and only filled with noodles and a couple of sad looking shrimp, no thai basil or mint leaves or cilantro to speak of. I also got some crispy noodles with seafood which I only ate because I had been sitting on a train for 9 hours and was starving. And the whole thing was seriously overpriced for Pittsburgh, New York prices for extremely subpar vietnamese, meh.
3	Glad to write this review to counter the only other one which is not so enthused... Pho Minh is a small family run place. Family is usually present and it's nice to see the kids hang out and help in the restaurant from time to time.  Meal starts with free tea served as you are seated. Food is slow to some out but they make it to order and it is a small staff so it's to be expected. It is definitely not a place to go if you need to get in and get out fast. This is a sit down and chat kind of place. This is another of my " I'm sick and need a spicy soup" strongholds. I suggest the vermicelli soup. I used to stop in here just to buy a few fresh rolls and know I am among several others who do this.Pho Minh won't blow you away it's just a good place to get some Vietnamese food and meet with friends- which is reason enough for me to return.
2	So I am currently sitting here with Pho Minh's Pho tai...and I honestly have to say I am not impressed.  Its a monday and my favorite Pho place (Tram's...in pittsburgh anyway) is closed.I decided to give this place a go...and take out their pho...The broth is actually good, very light yet flavorful.  But the noodles are a disgrace.  They are lumpy, smooshy and not at all chewy...they just kind of dissolve once you put it in your mouth, and they take up none of the broth's flavor.  I also ordered some fresh shrimp spring rolls that were halfway falling apart when I got them, and barely any shrimp.All in all, I'll come back if im desperate for Pho on a Monday, but otherwise...nay
4	I am baffled by some of the low reviews this place got. It looks kind of like a hole in the wall--OK, it is a hole in the wall--but it's got tasty, tasty pho. And, as Al L. mentioned, they give you tea when you come in, a nice touch.I once ordered some kind of curry. It was not bad, but not spectacular. I'm sticking with pho from now on, as it is really fantastic. Highly recommended.
3	I am really conflicted about this place.  I always have a great time when I go, the prices are reasonable (especially vegetarian) and the staff are super friendly.That said, the food is OK.  It lacks some of the fresh condiments that I have grown so accustomed to with Vietnamese (basil, cilantro, mint, etc).  If you're looking for something to warm your soul on a 5 degree Pittsburgh day, this will do it.BYOB before 9, no corkage fee.
2	No way, dudes. Go down the street and get some tastier food at Tram's Kitchen. The grub is better, the restaurant itself is a little cleaner (not saying much on either account), and the water even tastes better. Really. I'm not joking about the water.
3	If you want PHO in Pittsburgh (Considering the Vietnamese Restaurant selections) I would choose this Place over Tram's Kitchen. The Pho here is more fragrant.
4	This place has some pretty darn good pho. The prices are reasonable and the portions are large. The broth is very flavorful. My only gripe about this place is the lack of sliced jalapeno peppers. The seating is also quite cramped if you are coming with more than 2 people, but don't let that stop you from coming here. Nevertheless, I'm looking forward to going to this place in the deep Pittsburgh winter to warm me up and clear up the nose.
3	There's nothing like a piping hot bowl of pho on a cold winter night. The restaurant even starts you out with a nice pot of tea once you come in.Normally I just order a bowl of pho because I know it'll come out quickly but since I was starving today I decided to try out one of their pork+shrimp spring rolls too. In hindsight, that was a bad choice. Although they were supposed to be cold, it had a tingle of the ingredients inside being undercooked and the pork was actually just the same type of ham you would find in a salad bar. It wasn't what I expected.I got the #19 (beef and tripe pho) and my friend got the #20 beef balls and it came out smelling pretty nicely and in an extra large bowl. The traditional uncooked bean curd and basil leaves accommodated it but as I started to eat more and more of it, I feel that the taste began to taste marginally...blander. Regardless, for $7.50 for the #19 and $7.25 for the #20, it was a pretty good value and I personally prefer this over its rival down the street, Tram's kitchen.Just remember that this place is CASH ONLY
5	I am about to make a bold statement; Pho Minh is better than Tram's (and I love Tram's).I had the chicken pho, and it was absolutely amazing. The summer rolls were fantastic as well, and the owners of Pho Minh are delightful people. I will be going back for pho very, very soon.
5	I love this place because it really reminds me of my time in Vietnam.  It's not the classiest joint by quite a stretch, but it took me back to sitting in Pho restaurants or street vendors in Saigon.  Man, I bet I ate at least four bowls of the stuff a day.  Take that for what you will, and I'm sure it's not for everybody.  For those peeps, there is a PF Changs at the Waterfront for you.  There are a few other Vietnamese places that I've tried and really enjoyed, but this place will always be close to my heart.
4	I absolutely LOVE noodle soups.  From cold winter nights to a late night snack in the summer, a big bowl of pho always hits the spot (as does ramen or beef noodle soup, but that'll be for other reviews).Pho Minh serves up pho with debatably the most fragrant beef broth in Pittsburgh.  Their pho also always comes with sliced rare beef, which is sometimes cooked well done at other pho places (COUGH TRAM's KITCHEN COUGH).  Also, they do some of the "unique" parts such as tripe, which I am a fan of.Service is reasonably fast, the atmosphere is reasonably dingy in a comforting homey way, and the food is tasty.  Yes, if I want some fresh spring rolls (Gi cun), I'll probably head to Tram's, but when I want pho, I want no nonsense pho, and Pho Minh is the place to be.On a sidenote; their other dishes are pretty good too, but for me I'm heading to Pho Minh for their pho.
5	Best pho noodle place in pittsburgh !!
4	when tram's is out of the equation, this is my backup. just as good.
5	Yea yea yea Tram's is great tra la la but the pho here is better! The broth, noodles, and beef are all tastier. And their other noodle dishes have always been delicious. My first choice for Vietnamese food in PittsburghAnd everyone knows the main reason you go to Tram's is to see the  one-armed dude.
4	Pho Minh is this cool little family-run noodle shop that is great for both sit-down eating and take-out.  The food isn't the best I've ever had, but its quality is consistently good, particularly for PIttsburgh.  This place would probably still get three stars in a town with a larger Vietnamese populatrion, and in the Burgh it deserves four.  It usually has a mixed crowd of Vietnamese patrons and non-Vietnamese.  This is the place I used to regularly turn to on non-Tuesday nights (they're closed) in mid-Feburary.Until about three years ago, the broth was a little erratic.  Some days, it was quite flavorful and others watery.  Then, the in-laws showed up (I'm assuming from Vietnam), and the consistency and quality of the soup broth shot up.  The pho is significantly more flavorful than nearby (and only) competitor Tram's, and the family that runs it is much friendlier.Food highlights -    The pho is above average, particularly if you order it with beef raw (aka "rare") on the side.    The green papaya salad with dried beef (#12) is spicy and fabulous.    The fried spring rolls, both with shrimp and vegetarian, are excellent.    The shrimp and BBQ pork dish (#43) is one of my wife's favorites.Food cons -    The chicken pho is a bit meh.   The fresh spring rolls tend to have wrappers that are a bit too gummy and thick.  All I end up tasting is the roll, rather than the basil-sprout-crunch inside.   They always have omitted hot pepper slices from their tray of pho fixings, something I tend to enjoy.Notes - If you tend to like the raw beef in your pho, it's often kept in the freezer (for Dept. of Public Health concerns).  Then, it's often best to order the pho to go, heat it up to near-boiling on your stove, then serve it so that the broth is at a temperature high enough to cook it in your bowl, giving the broth a nice beefy cloud, as well.
3	So I seem to have a strange handicap.  My first pho experience was at Lulu's Noodles in Oakland...  and it has set the bar.  Yeah, the noodles aren't quite right, and the broth is not quite right, either...  but...  the chicken is GREAT.  It's nice and tender.  Since then I had some pho in California and the broth is better...  the noodles are better...  but the chicken is weirdly dry and tough.  I don't know how chicken cooked in soup can be dry and tough, but it is.  In that respect...  the pho at Pho Minh seemed quite authentic.  Noodles were good, broth was good - but chicken dry and tough.  Why does Lulu's have the market cornered on tender chicken in their pho???  My son had the beef pho and the broth was SO much tastier than the chicken - the chicken was OK but it's the beef broth that is awesome.  My biggest problem was I thought the portions seemed kinda small, for what you paid.  I guess they are adequate, but not super-satiating, for a pho crazed adult.  My plan was to share mine with my two toddlers, we tend to be light eaters, and it was kind of tense.  I expect a bowl of pho to be giant, based on my CA experiences.  I guess if we go again, the girls are going to have to get their own bowl to split.  I guess it is a credit to this place that my two picky toddlers liked it so much!Decent pho, portions kinda small, service REALLY slow.  (I think we were in there 1 1/2 hours!  For a family of 5, not a huge group)  Will probably go back, but we want to check out Tram's first.
4	First of all, a disclaimer. The only thing I have ever ordered here is the Pho Tai. I spent a semester in Vietnam eating Pho on an almost-daily basis, and now it is my comfort food, what I want when I am sick, tired, or sad.That said, I can recommend the Pho Tai without hesitation. Out of the 3 Vietnamese restaurants I have been to in Pittsburgh (this, Vietnam's Pho, and My Ngoc), this has the best pho. The broth is quite good; fragrant and savory. I both eaten in here and gotten take-out. Eating in is a pleasant experience. The dining room is tiny but spotless and bright, and the free pots of tea are a nice touch. The take-out pho is packaged very thoroughly and intelligently. In a plastic tub goes the broth, beef and onions. The noodles are packaged separately in a little plastic bag so they don't get soggy before you have a chance to eat. All the fixings, including copious amounts of basil and bean sprouts, are there, including little tubs of hoisin and chili sauce.Delicious, authentic pho prepared by a friendly family. The only downside is the cash-only, which is a huge PITA.
2	I had my second bowl of pho in Pittsburgh here, and although it was better than my first bowl, it was still pretty disappointing.  The broth is everything for pho.  Pho broth takes like nine hours to make.  The broth at Pho Minh is bland and almost clear in color.  Good broth should be dark and pungent, not like watered down chicken broth.  I had the combination beef with tripe pho, and there was literally about five small pieces of beef in there.  I guess since there is not much competition here for Vietnamese food, the $8 price tag is valid, even though that's much more than what I normally pay for good pho elsewhere.We also ordered the deep fried spring rolls, and that was a disappointment too.  Mine was also still cold in the center, so I can only guess that they are frozen beforehand.
3	Tram's Kitchen was closed, so my girlfriend and I went up the street to Pho Minh instead. Here are my gripes:- Food was WAY too salty (ie. we were both bloated like hell the next day)- Restaurant was WAY too quiet (they need to turn on the radio or something!)- Service was slow (or they often forgot simple requests like water, etc.)I will credit them for their spring rolls though... and the sweet little man who runs the cash register! (I think he's Minh's husband?)
3	We traversed the Pittsburgh snowglobe post yoga for Pho. Generally Tram's has been the pho destination. I was curious to try another spot.Restaurant is cash only. Smaller and less "warm" than Trams, but with the same familiar atmosphere. The menu is more extensive than Trams, and seems to have a greater variety of rice and vermicelli dishes. The spring rolls were okay - gummy thick wrapper - the tofu was a bit too soft. Green papaya salad with shrimp and nuts - refreshing however I personally resent when restaurants use frozen "supermarket" grade shrimp and charge premium. With several fish resources in the Strip I really expect better quality shrimp.Pho was much lighter than what I have become accustomed to - and in contrast to another reviewer - I thought it was much less saltier than what I have had at Trams. The beef at Pho Minh was a better quality or cooked longer because I didnt experience the tendony gristle I sometimes find in the pho at the other place, It was soft and well flavored =). I would come back here for Pho again or to try something else off the menu. I think they can improve on the quality of some of the ingredients, but I appreciate the much less filling, and less bloating Pho..
4	This is my favorite type of restaurant, regardless of cuisine; namely, a family run institution with great food, friendly service and an almost complete disinterest in spiffing up the surroundings. Yes, Pho Minh is a bit divey, and I relish this quality. The pho is great, as are all of the dishes I've tried here. I also have a deep appreciation for restaurants that do one cuisine and do it well...none of this Thai/Vietnamese/Japanese combo that only serves to confuse the diner as well as, often, the kitchen. Between this place and Tram's down the street, Pho Minh is my favorite. Pittsburgh has a woeful dearth of good restaurants...I'll try not to go on too much about that in my reviews, as I don't want your eyes to glaze over...so this is a destination restaurant for us. There are very few things more satisfying than a deep bowl of pho on a cold winter day.
4	Tram's has better *ahem* "atmosphere".  Pho Minh has better Pho.
5	I'm a big fan of Pho and this is the best in Pittsburgh. The papaya salad is also outstanding. The meat and rice dishes are tasty and the spring rolls are delicious. I can't wait to go back.
3	The pho here is decent, but the portions are small. The broth is good. I'd come here before Trams. But after reading all the reviews on Vietnamese restaurants in Pittsburgh, I have to say that the majority of people in Pittsburgh have no idea what they are talking about when it comes to Vietnamese food particularly pho. I would say that Pho Minh so far has the second best pho I've tasted in the city after Pho Van. Unfortunately this city is not a pho city.
5	I just graduated from CMU and the thing that I miss most about Pittsburgh is Pho Minh.  Their pho is unbelievable and their #4 (pork spring roll) is equally as amazing.  Moreover, Pho Minh completely trumps Tram's Kitchen.I took my parents here for my "last meal" before leaving the City and they loved it, too.  They aren't into 'ethnic food' at all.  That being said, I would take ANYONE here.  Their grilled chicken (#30 something) is perfect for people who dislike pho.  It's a must if you're anywhere near Pittsburgh.
5	Had dinner at Pho Minh again last night, after having had a wonderful time meeting some of the Pittsburgh Yelp gang and Rachel, our new local Yelp ambassador. I didn't say much about the food in my previous review, so thought I'd rectify that. I'm a big fan of Vietnamese bun, which is a dish made with rice noodles and some kind of grilled meat, usually served in a big bowl with sprouts, cukes, scallions, peanuts, cilantro, lettuce and carrots. What I'm looking for when I order this is meat (I usually get chicken) that has been well marinated, as this lends alot of the flavor to this dish. Pho Minh marinates theirs in hoisin and maybe other things, and it's delicious. They add a little of this sauce to the noodles and garnish with the salad, then serve it with their wonderful fish sauce. This is a dish I crave. Their veggies are really fresh, the meat is succulent, and all of the flavors complement eachother so well. I like a deep fried spring roll with my bun, so I always order one, and they slice it and serve it right in the bowl. These are great here...really meaty little rolls. They use pork, and it's almost like a pork meatball filling. When you order these as an appetizer you get 2 of them and a side of their molasses/fish sauce combo. Doug had the Hu tieu xao, which is chicken, shrimp and veggies stir fried with rice noodles. This dish has some funky Vietnamese flavors, and has fish sauce as a base for the stir fry sauce, so you have to like that, but if you do, this dish rocks. Like all of their food, it was very well prepared and delicious. The woman who waits tables here always offers us their traditional mung bean pudding dessert, and we always say yes. This is a sweet and starchy treat served hot with a lacing of coconut milk. I love it. Tea comes to the table automatically and is free, and they offer some nice hot and iced beverages in addition. We didn't have the pho on this visit, but I will reiterate that it's great. I think this is the best Vietnamese restaurant in Pittsburgh.This is a family owned and operated restaurant, so you will see the same friendly faces when you become a regular. Early on we learned to say hello/good afternoon in Vietnamese ( xin chao, pronounced shin chow) and we always get a big smile from the older gentleman who owns the place. Cash only, closed on Tuesdays.
3	I would review this place in depth, but I really have little experience with Vietnamese Food.  When I said this to the owner/server she babbled something back to me that wasn't in american except for the numbers (number of the dish she recommended).  She went so fast I felt like I was on some type of opiate and it was just me.  Nope, no clue what the chick said, so I ordered one of the numbers she suggested and another.  My wife and I love Thai food and this stuff lacked flavor and spice the way Thai food has.   Pretty awful honestly. But hey, gotta try new foods!
4	Best Pho in Pittsburgh. Way better than Tram's kitchen. Must try the fried shrimp roll.Warning: closed on Tuesdays. Seriously, WHAT THE PHO? Don't make the same mistake as me, so check their website first to find out which day they close since it might change. And cash only!
5	I, straight up, love Pho Minh. This is one of those places that I would go to every day if I could. I love Vietnamese food, and have tried it in a fair number of cities. This was by far better than the best Vietnamese in Boston (Xinh Xinh) and a close second to the best Vietnamese in Seattle (Pho Bac). I found Pho Minh, sort of on accident, my first trip to Pittsburgh. The owners were very kind and attentive. The food was delicious, fresh, everything was clean. The pho broth was the best I've ever had, delicately spiced and flavorful. They don't pre-cook the beef, which is excellent, so it doesn't become too chewy (it cooks in the broth). The second time we went to Pho Minh was the first night we got to Pittsburgh when we moved (this should tell you how excited we were). Coming from Boston, it didn't occur to us that it might be closing at 9pm. We got there at 9:15pm and they kindly asked if we wanted them to make us up some food to go. Even that was good.We kept hearing, over and over again, that Tram's was freaking fantastic and we should go there instead. So we did. It was a mistake. I have no idea what everyone is talking about. The ambiance? What ambiance? It smelled like urine. Seriously. Needless to say, Pho Minh for life.
3	I go to Pho Minh often, but not for their pho, which is okay but not what I would call good.  I usually get their rice or rice noodle dishes served with grilled pork/chicken/shrimp.  The food, in terms of authenticity and quality is okay, but I have to take into account the fact that we're in Pittsburgh and it's hard to find many quality Vietnamese ingredients here.  However, the food is decent and the service is good.  It's a family business, and the couple that owns the place are very nice and courteous.  When I get too lazy to make some Vietnamese food for myself I go make a quick run to Pho Minh.
4	In sum, I very much enjoy this place. Hence the 4 stars. I probably order out from here 3-4 times a month. It is my 2nd most favorite Pho in Pittsburgh. I don't stray from my favorites dishes below, so I can't speak beyond what I will post. For an appetizer, I order the Crispy Shrimp Rolls. Oh my! What little pieces of crispy, shrimp heaven. They are smaller shrimps, but the price is affordable so I don't mind. In my opinion what really drives this dish to excellence is the Vietnamese dipping sauce (nuoc cham). From what I learned about nuoc cham, every Vietnamese family has their own twist on it. The ingredients in nuoc cham are generally the same, but the proportions vary based on personal tastes and regions in Vietnam. According to Vietnamese cookbook author, Andrea Nguyen, "as you move south the sauce gets sweeter, hotter, and more garlicky." YUMMY!I thoroughly enjoy the Pho Meatball entree. I LOVE fresh herbs and spices. Pho rice noddles served along side crunchy and light bean sprouts. Fresh cilantro and basil. I consider myself a Pho Meatball amateur connoisseur of sorts. I only order this dish, no matter where I eat Pho at. I like the way they slice the meatballs at this establishment unlike other places. It makes it easier to grab with the chopsticks =) Also they have less grisley pieces in this meatball Pho. I've never dissected them, but assume it is part tripe. The flavor is moderate with the slightest hint of kick. Also the lemongrass in the soup broth is so amazing. It is the epitome of Vietnamese comfort foods in my opinion. Coupled with the addition of Sriracha chile sauce and Hoisin sauce they include on the side is amazing. The staff are polite and quick. One never waits long for your food. It is a little disappointing that they open for dinner so late. It would be nice to grab something right when I get off work versus waiting for 5pm to roll around. However, I cannot deny that it is most definitely worth the wait! Oh and like others have said, they are NOT OPEN on TUESDAYS. Odd, I know.There are two things to be mindful of 1. If you are dining in- your portion size of Pho will be larger. This is not just at this Vietnamese place it is pretty much the norm for the other Vietnamese places around the PGH area. 2. Cash only. This last one is a major pain to me. I am not the cash and carry type of person.
4	I am a big fan of Pho Minh, and I have eaten here more than a dozen times.  I love how the Pho is served with fresh Thai Basil and lime on the side.  The Pho is delicious, and perhaps the best in Pittsburgh.
4	The last review I read said Tram's has better atmosphere. Funny that I ended up at Pho Minh for the second time because Trams had kitchen violations and was shut down. Both times , the food was perfect. We started with the spring rolls, served cold with a nutty fish sauce - deelish. We then ordered the rice pancakes, which were loaded with shrimp and tofu. Lettuce cilantro and basil on the side, all fresh and graciously served. I tried spicy beef over lemongrass. The spice and citrus were a perfect combination. The portions are plentiful and all the entrees were priced under 9$. Highly recommended. One tip-they only take cash. Love this place and hope to add it to the regular rotation of Pgh dining!
4	This is the best Pittsburgh has to offer in authentic Vietnamese.  I have eaten here several times in the past 7 years or so and have tried several of the items on the menu with success.  I like to order bun with chicken and pork spring rolls.  I also like the Hieu Tu.  Basically chicken pho but with chicken broth instead of beef.  This is typically my go to dish here and it's very good.  It's a small family run place without a lot of slick ambiance.  I wouldn't say you'd be wow'd by the decor but the service is friendly and efficient.  I am always glad I dined here.
4	Excellent Pho and very reasonable prices. Excellent food. Authentic Pho - and my Vietnamese friends say this place is the real thing. Best bargain around.
3	Craving for some more authentic Vietnamese pho. Yelped and found this place in Pittsburgh. Drive 80 miles from Morgantown, WV and found the pho is good. when I first walked in, I was a little bit skepical because everyone else was white! Lesson I learned before was that this could be a sign that this restaurant would be tailoring to american taste. But since I drove 80 miles already I decided to give it a try. the menu was pretty small comparing to mecca of Asian food (Southern California). Ordered the Pho dac bet. When the pho came out, i thought it would be like the Southern California size as the bowl was decent size. But the pho and soup were sitting at the bottom of the bowl, about 1/3 full. I was a bit disappointed. I loaded up my bean sprouts into the hot soup and did a quick stir to cook the raw thinly slice steak. The pho was actually pretty decent. The soup was flavorful and the pho was well cooked. Just wish the amount of pho and the ingredients could be more. I ended up having a roast beef sandwich at Nadine's afterward.
5	I love this restaurant! The pho was delicious. I love it.
5	Best place for pho in the city. I have tried them all and this is the one I always come back to for more. The woman who takes your order is quick and abrupt, but she is very friendly once you get to know her. I love the little old man who seats you when you come in the door, and serves you tea. You have to ask for water if you want it. I love the tofu in lemongrass curry as an appetizer. The sauce is so good I wish I could put it on everything. I usually get pho with chicken or the specialSpicy soup. The ingredients are always so fresh and just taste so healthy. The food is very flavorful and perfect after a weekend of riding my snowboard. If you are looking for authentic pho then this is the place to go!
4	Just to reiterate:  Cash only, you've been warned.Now on to the important stuff:  Good, no-nonsense, warming pho (and bun also on the menu.)  Many different meat combos to choose from, though I am partial to flank steak and brisket.  Pho is in the name of the restaurant, and it's the main star of the show here. Lemongrass tofu is wonderful as an appetizer and upon sitting down you are presented with a nice warm pot of tea.  The ambiance is no-nonsense and the Vietnamese ballads playing on the background transported me to far off lands.
4	I'll start with the "bad" stuff - the place is a small hole-in-the-wall, in an area that, at some times of day, may make you double-check that you locked your car. The restaurant is not the cleanest, nor is the menu the most extensive. HOWEVER...having traveled to Vietnam, and having been to a wide variety of Vietnamese restaurants around the US, this is certainly one of the most authentic. In fact, it reminds me of being in Vietnam. Are the spices on point? Yes! Delicious bowls of soup that should leave you with enough to bring home? Check! A couple cobwebs in the corner? Most definitely! An experience, to be sure. The place was about deserted on a Monday at lunch time, which was great for us - we got a window seat!We started our meal with tea - this was your basic tea, nothing to write home about. We added on the spring roll with shrimp - and it was obviously freshly handmade to our order. Great appetizer to begin with - it's my barometer of a Vietnamese restaurant. This was a good one, not the best I've ever had, but quite tasty. I followed this up with a green papaya salad - heavy on the fish sauce (yum!) and covered in shrimp and peanuts. Very refreshing and light. My friend ordered the chicken curry with yam, which was creamy, freshly made (the veggies were not overcooked, as you find most places that premake lots of food) and not too spicy. I ordered the spicy vegetable soup with mushrooms. I'm not your average diner, and I like my spicy foods VERY spicy. This was maybe a 1-2/10. Pretty disappointing to me, but luckily the table was equipped with homemade Sriracha-like sauce and the ubiquitous chili-in-oil sauce found in cafes all over Vietnam. This solved the problem. The soup was fresh and filling. I will certainly be back again. There were tons of menu items I am dying to try!
3	I was expecting more meat on my pho ut it ends up can't fill me at all.
5	The pho is excellent! Good portion, price. The rare beef was rare, unlike most places. The soup was very flavorful and delicately spiced, and you get all the types of condiments you could possibly want. Combine that with the good service - especially that friendly old man. The free tea served in ceramic adds to the feeling of authenticity.The haters on these reviews probably aren't from around here. You can't compare this to little saigon or something - not the right locale or resources. But it's pretty damn good.
5	Great pho, my favorite so far in Pittsburgh. The service was good too! It's cash only but that's fine as long as you prepare.
