5	Unbelievable food - great wine - spectacular service. I am from US and would recommend this restaurant to any traveler looking for a wonderful experience.  Loved it !
5	I was craving an authentic cappuccino during my trip to Montreal. I got to 11 Scalini and ended up ordering two! They were absolutely delicious. The entire meal was one of the best Italian meals i've ever had. The pasta was fresh, the presentation was amazing, and the ambiance was perfect. Everyone left with a smile!
4	So nice to have a good Italian Resto in the neighborhood. Great food and wine, friendly staff.
2	Scalini 11 is located in Westmount on a strip of commercial property on Sherbrooke Street West, just west of Victoria. In the winter, this place is barely visible. It's located in the basement and doesn't really have much in the ways of signage and what signage they do have made me think they were a shoe store, or some liquidation spot. Turns out, they are an Italian restaurant. I arrived on time for our reservation and the host knew exactly who I was when I walked in and seated me with my guest who had arrived a few minutes prior and was already set up with a glass of red wine. Turns out for Easter they have a special menu, which is fine, but I had a specific dish I wanted to try in mind. Alas, their regular menu was not available. I ordered a glass of wine and looked over the menu to find something similar to the dish I was fixated on. The special menu offered various 3-course meals at price points between $28 and $38. This included a selection appetizers, mains and desserts. I ordered the Pappardelle au Lapin Cacciatore (it was Easter and I ate the bunny!) and my guest ordered Risotto with Porcini and Scampi. For starters we had the homemade lonza and the stuffed olives.The apps were good, the lonza was nice and salty, briny and served with some melon. The olives were exactly as advertised and expected. I wasn't looking to be blown away, just to enjoy good food, good wine and a nice conversation with a friend I hadn't seen in a while. Conversation was difficult because the staff was watching the hockey game on the TV just left of me. It was distracting and if this were a bar, or a more casual restaurant it wouldn't have bothered me at all, but this is supposedly a more "classy" joint. Considering we were the only patrons in the place, I let it slide, they've been hockey deprived all winter. The mains were where my real disappointment lies, with a refill of the wine glasses and the arrival of the bunny and risotto, we were looking forward to catching up and sharing bites of each dish. Sadly, my dish was not well handled and I am aware that bunnies are boney suckers, when all of the bones of the rabbit are cracked into shards, we've got a problem. My friends risotto was undercooked, and the scampi were few and far between (we didn't share these dishes because we didn't like them). After sitting there for a good 15-20 minutes, we decided we were done and waved over our waiter. Our plates were still full, the waiter said nothing, instead the conversation went like this:Me: Check pleaseHim: would you like dessert?Me: No, check please.Him: Coffee?Me: No, just the check, that (pointing at our pretty much untouched dishes) was not good.Him: Okay, I'll get your check. Okay then. $150 later as I am paying for the meal and drinks, a table next to us wants to order off the regular menu... his answer? Just one minute, I'll get you a menu! So I ask him about that. He told us the regular menu was not available, and he says, those people are friends of the owner!So this is more than just a review about some bad mains, it's a review about bad service, bad policy and bad management.
