5	Jack rules!The pastries here are so delicious, and sometimes too beautiful to eat, but you WILL eat them.  You are weak.Jack is a fastidious baker and expects the best from his staff.  Very intense guy, high standards, but with an amazing sense of humor.  A nice little shop.  Excellent bread too.
4	For a special treat - this is the place to go.I always liked to come in just to see what they had that day.And the breads are delicious!
5	I was recently scrabbling to find beautiful + tasty desserts after plan A (Cake Artist's Studio) failed.  I called Mirabelle to check their hours (everything shuts down in CU over the holidays) and availability of cool stuff.  They totally came through for me with boxes upon boxes of what looked like had just arrived from a French patisserie but had in fact been baked that morning in Urbana.  They pulled all of this together in less than an hour.  My guests were in heaven as we devoured it all.
5	AMAZING.  I like rich desserts, so I ordered the chocolate raspberry truffle cake for a party - holy cow it was good.  The ganache topping was perfect and the raspberry preserves were melt-in-your-mouth incredible.  The cakes are expensive but well worth it.  FYI - No Credit Cards!
5	I'm not really a pastry person, so while I think their pastries are quite good, that is not what drives me to wait in line here every Saturday after the farmer's market. Tucked behind those fancy sugary eclairs and brioche, is the finest bread I have ever had. Every slice is perfect, with a crisp nutty crust and surprising touches of flavor. I never thought I could be so excited about bread. I haven't taken home a loaf I haven't liked. Bonus points for their slicing machine, which is optional, but the best thing since well...sliced bread for lazy people like me. It's a little on the expensive side though, but I figure that if I'm going to eat carbs, they better be good.Not open late, but stop by after the farmer's market. The market has lots of bread vendors, but Mirabelle beats them all.  If you want to try it without waking up early, they use it for their sandwiches at Cafe Paradiso.
4	The place is good.  I wish they were open longer hours, but I guess that's the nature of the relatively small walk-in business they do.  I know they, along with the Bread Co., supply bread to a lot of restaurants in town.  I enjoy the apple pastries here, and the sandwiches that are made to go.  I most certainly have had better baked goods in any number of ethnic bakeries in Chicago neighborhoods, Andersonville to name one.
3	Mirabelle has gone downhill.  I work nearby, and used to stop in a couple times a week for a sandwich, focaccia, or sweet treat.  I've noticed that a lot of their items are over-baked these days.  The chocolate brioche used to be one of my favorite splurges, but I hadn't gotten one in over a year because they're always over-browned and look terribly unappetizing.  I finally had one again a few weeks ago despite the dark brown crust on the bread, and as one would expect, it was tough and dry from too much time in the oven.If Mirabelle would take their items out of the oven about 2 minutes earlier, it would improve greatly.  Everything used to be perfectly baked - I don't know if they got a new oven or what, but it seems to me that over the course of more than a year, someone there would figure out how to bake their goodies to perfection.  It is a bakery, after all.
4	i haven't yet tried mirabelle's sweet items but i did have the chance to try a slice of their focaccia the other day...with roasted tomatoes, pesto and goat cheese and it was fabulouso. i can't wait to try their pastries and coffee!
4	Those who know me know how much I love bread (I've been known to eat a whole plain baguette as a snack!), and, as a result, what a bread snob I can be. I guess growing up in France does that to you...One of my coworkers recommended Mirabelle, claiming that their bread and croissants are the best she's had outside of France... Needless to say I did not believe her, but I decided to check it out nonetheless. The verdict: their baked goods are pretty damn good! I got a baguette and a couple of croissants, and was very pleasantly surprised. The croissants were great (and I wolfed them down in no time), and the baguette was very decent. My only complaints (hence the missing star): their selection is fairly limited, and the prices are a bit steep ($2.25 for a baguette, same for a croissant... when I'm used to paying no more than a dollar in France). But I suppose I really can't complain, and I'll definitely be back.
4	The over-baking issues seem, for the most part, to be resolved. Yay! Their only remaining fault, as I see it, is that they don't have the best sandwich selection and rarely have meatless sandwiches. They used to make this amazing egg salad sandwich that was wonderfully flavored with the perfect amount of fresh dill, but I haven't seen it in over a year. If they bring that back (and start making the fresh mozzarella and pesto sandwiches more often), I'll happily up them to five stars. Man, I hope the folks at Mirabelle are reading this =)
4	Edit: It's been about a year since I posted this, and I'm happy to say that service has taken a decided turn toward the good and even very good. Some employees who were notorious are gone, and the overall feel is much better. So I added a star back (total = 4). If they could get the traffic flow in the room solved, I'd give them six stars...Original review: Supporting local business matters to me, but if Mirabelle knew how many of my friends have stopped going there due to poor service and emo attitude, their jaws would drop. If a published schedule listed who would be working the register at different times, traffic would be sculpted around avoiding one or two employees... I have considered making "I wish I could stand to shop at Mirabelle" T-shirts, but it would be unkind to profit off misery.I, too, have had poor experiences there, but come back because I have a thick skin and I really enjoy the food. Their bread is wonderful, and the pastries are worth the early death that all that butter and sugar will certainly induce. Other times, a cup of soup (which includes bread) makes a hearty and delicious lunch. I'm also a great fan of sandwiches served in the French style (simply a great sandwich wonderfully presented and perfectly dressed, without offering a Subway-like set of 6 billion choices in place of quality ingredients).The only other issue I have with the store is the layout: great bakeries sculpt foot traffic so that you walk past the display case before placing your order. I never have a clear view of what is on sale until I'm at the register, and the employee is usually frustrated that I don't yet know what I want. Customers stand around in a clump--there has to be a better way. Perhaps they can move the register to the far west side of the store instead of in the middle of the two display cases? Waiting to place an order while getting to gaze at the gorgeous baked goods could only help. Isn't this basic business sense?For the curious, I hereby award Mirabelle seven stars for food, but take away four for service.
5	Insane!  Truly amazing pastries here.  I heart heart heart Mirabelle's, from the foccacia pizza to the cheese danish, chocolate cookies and everything in between - you cannot go wrong with Mirabelle's!
2	NO NO NO!This is not how a great bakery should be!Ok, let me begin:1)   The staff are generally either not familiar with what they're selling (what's a brioche?) or not interested.  Some of them have been friendly, but there have been times I've felt bad for interrupting their phone call!2)  The bread is DELICIOUS!  But, if you're trying to have a "french style" bakery, you need more than nice bread to save you.  Plus, the baguette is generally as old as what the french hand out to the homeless.  3)  The pastries are really not worth the price.  They're expensive (a french chocolate cake is too expensive to even try!) and the cost of other items doesn't meet the quality.Aside from the price, the pastries are too heavy on the crust and too light on the flavor.  For example, a blueberry tart will have a crust 2 times too thick for the amount of filling.  You would NEVER find that in France, as the fruit is the star and the tasteless crust just transports it to your mouth.4)  Ehh...yeah...it's local.  But, not all that great.I'd rather go to Pekara.  At least the staff are friendlier, the bread is just as good and the pastries are reasonable in price.
5	Best bread in Urbana-Champaign.This store closes pretty early in the evening, so i never got a chance to check it out despite the recommendations i had received from a friend. This morning however i had to go to the post office, so i stopped by.The bread was awesome. Period. The best rye bread i had ever had. The sales person was very nice too. I couldn't decide between the rye loaf or the 7-grain. He kindly suggested that he could sell me half of each. They were still warm, and both were absolutely excellent.
4	I'm sad to read reviews about negative service here. This was my favorite bakery during my college days when Yelp did not exist. I always grabbed a loaf of pecan raisin before I went home for the holidays. Or I would slowly drive-by to see if they had creme brulee. Or I'd stop by and grab a sandwich while running errands during my lunch break. I still try and stop by whenever I'm in town. They are closed on Sundays and Mondays, I believe. The frustrating thing is that they don't necessarily have what I love when I visit. The huge palmier cookies are still top-notch. I tried the pumpkin cookie (which is more like a flattened cake) and wasn't a fan of the cream cheese frosting. I wish they had sandwiches but it was Tues morning. I was always surprised that Urbana would have such a fine patisserie...
4	I love bread.  I love pastries.  Mirabelle supplies those both in short order and they're' delicious, although a bit pricey.  That's fine, they're worth it when it's the weekend after getting my stipend and some high-falootin', gussied up pastry seems appropriate on a Saturday morning.Who says grad students don't have fun?In all seriousness, it's a quality local bakery and well worth it.
5	Fine pastry?  They ain't lyin'. While other bakeries here in Chambana are shaky on quality (the puff pastry is good, but the scones aren't, or vice-versa), Mirabelle's is consistently high-quality.  They don't have a line every time you come in for no reason.  Plus, just looking at all the fancy, dressed-up baked goods in the case is like the Pillsbury Doughboy equivalent of porn.Everything I've had has been knee-weakingingly good.  I am glad I live on the other side of town, for the sake of my thighs.
5	I can't believe I waited until I moved down the street from Mirabelle to try this astounding bakery.  Their sourdough is absolutely wonderful -- I love a great crust, and this is the best crust I've found in town -- and their sandwiches are exquisite.  I've read negative reviews of the service, which actually deterred me from going sooner, but that hasn't been my experience at all.  If you love bread, you must try Mirabelle!
4	The quality alone is worth both the high prices and rude attitude.   Well, perhaps not rude; more like they just do not care to help their customers.The pastries are superb- try apricot filled or almond croissant.  Chocolate treats and fresh fruit tarts are outta this world.Breads are superior also.  I love the rye, wheat, and fruity loaves.  The only miss so far was the baguette.  All crunch with no interior softness that is the hallmark of a good b'etteIt is a bit expensive, one of the only drawbacks.  But I'll drink cheap beer to eat amazing bread any day.
4	Maybe this place is a bit expensive, but it's definitely along the lines of good Whole Foods bread (ahem... if there were actually a Whole Foods in CU, we'd have a better basis of comparison than Schnucks and Meijer) and other "fancy bakery" bread I've purchased in the past.  I've had a few of the pastries (mmm chocolate croissant on the way home from the gym, don't mind if I do...) but the bread is what we come here for!  The sourdough is pretty good (trust me, that's a compliment; I'm a sourdough snob) and the ciabatta is just right.  Perhaps I have yet to encounter the rude employees working here-- so far they have been pleasant enough.  I just wish they were open on Sundays!!!
3	Delicious breads and pastries, which is the priority, right?BUT, wth are they closed on Mondays? If there ever was a day that people needed pastries, it's Monday.Also, a $5 minimum for a credit card charge, at a place that sells baked goods? Dunkin' Donuts here I come.
5	My mouth waters just thinking of this place. Coconut macaroons, creme brulee, tiramisu, foccacia, lemon cake... all amazing. Staff is much more friendly and helpful than they used to be too. They are a little pricey but so worth it! I'm glad Urbana has such a wonderful bakery.
4	5 stars for all of their breads.  I particularly like the raisin walnut and new york rye for freezing and toasting (though all their breads freeze well, don't be afraid to get yourself a big loaf).  I wish they could slice half a loaf for me (half for now, half sliced/frozen for later), but I can deal.  I've had better pastries, and their chocolate croissants are denser than I'd like, but they're still the best in the area.  They close at 3 on Saturdays, but Tuesday-Friday they stay open until 6pm.  Layout is awkward for larger crowds, so do NOT go on Saturday morning if you're in a hurry, there'll be a line out the door.  Also be advised that the selection is pretty limited in the afternoon, so if you want something specific, best to get there in the morning.
5	I don't get to go to Mirabelle very often, as I don't live in the Champaign-Urbana area, but piggybacking on the affinity of a lifelong friend who is a local resident, I make a point of going there whenever I am in town. So when Ebertfest brought me down to C-U this past Saturday, I was delighted to stop for some pre-show pastries. I got an alligator claw and a palmier, and while so many delectable choices made me worried that I had ordered the wrong things, both things I had were phenomenally fresh, sweet and tasty. This is one of my favorite bakeries anywhere on Earth.
4	For years, I longed for a truly fine bakery in Urbana-Champaign, and then Jack Kostrub opened Mirabelle Fine Pastry.  The bakery produces exceptional loaves and pastries, both savory and sweet.  We are special fans of the focaccia, from the traditional flat loaves topped with sea salt and rosemary or red onions and tomatoes, to the thick wedges piled with feta cheese and roasted veg.  The almond horn, tipped with chocolate, I purchased yesterday is an example of the quality of the bakery's sweets.  The outside had a slight crunch of roasted almond slices, while the inside was dense, moist, and chewy and tasted of the most delicate amaretto.  The chocolate was darkly sweet, perfectly complementing the almond flavor.  Heavenly.  Plus, Mirabelle is located in Urbana's gallery district, with the wonderful Heartland Gallery just down the block, among other treasures.  If you'd like lunch, too, you can hop right across the street to La Gourmandise.  Or, you can get take-away at Mirabelle, which includes savory stuffed croissants and simple, delicious baguette and loaf bread sandwiches.On Fridays at lunchtime, the bakery recently started a piled high roast beef sandwich tradition, steeped in au jus.  I have not had one yet, but a local business owner sends in his folks every week to pick up a batch -- they swear by them.My only complaints: 1) popular items run out early, 2) flies, flies, flies in the bakery and cases (especially in the summer, when the door is propped), 3) somewhat surly and negligent counter service.
4	usually mirabelle is unbelievably good, but DON'T GO ON A FRIDAY AFTERNOON! my chocolate croissant was incredibly stale and old, and being in the warming tray made it really crispy. too buttery, too (and believe me, i love butter). the staff don't seem to have the right attitude either, the music was all wrong and the girl who helped me wasn't the right kind of snobby. i'm still giving it a four because they have the best chocolate chip cookies i've ever tasted, and in the morning their bread is delicious
2	Sometimes you can get great core service, but some ancillary thing can leave such a bad taste in your mouth you just don't ever want to go back.I went into Mirabelle's this morning for a big ol cup of coffee and a lil snacky. I was greeted by a pleasant girl and purchased a delish pastry. They don't have large coffees (and their French Roast is FAR inferior to other places in town). Total on the pastry and not large coffee: $4.25. About a dollar more than I would have liked, but not out of this world expensive. Straight out of low cash, I whip out the card and she drops the bomb: $5 minimum on credit card purchases.I recognize I am being a bit melodramatic by freaking out about this, but tactics like these by retailers are in violation of their agreements with the credit card companies and they really piss me off. Consumers are third party beneficiaries of these contracts: we pay (in more ways than one) for our credit cards and all the good stuff that comes with them. I fully understand why retailers do this, as credit card companies charge a percentage on all transactions, with minimum charges on smaller purchases. The minimum charges are more significant on small-dollar transactions. I get that. Stores don't have to play the minimum purchase amount game, though. The have other options, such as offering a discount for cash transactions or not accepting cards at all. They also can empower their clerks to waive the limit if the customer balks.So, the net result? You already know this chubby bastard ordered another pastry. It was also tasty. However, I ended up spending almost $7 all told when all I wanted was a (larger and better) cup of coffee and a lil snacky.
4	I went to Mirabelle for the first time this morning. The coffee was mediocre, but the apple brioche was perhaps the most delicious pastry that I have ever eaten. I also purchased a loaf of rosemary sea salt bread that looks pretty amazing.A new Saturday tradition is born: pre-farmer's market pastries of indescribable deliciousness from Mirabelle's.
5	The baked goods here are simply fantastic. The best bakery in town by far. The line out the door on Saturday mornings speaks volumes.I used to have an issue with their customer service -- but since summer 2010, at least, it seems they've addressed that. The people at the counter are downright pleasant, and one staffer has such a wonderful smile and way about her, it's worth the visit just to experience it.My favorites are the fruit pastries and the chocolate chip cookies, but I'm also a huge fan of the focaccia bread options for lunch. The thin gourmet pizza, when available, is also excellent.
3	It is only an OK place. I heard about this place from my friend, and went there on one afternoon. I got Chocolate Croissant and cream puff. The chocolate croissant could be less salty and a lot less oily. The cream puff...Jell-O filling, really? I make much better ones than what they have. I don't know whether I want to make a second trip there.
5	Great Bread!  Their New York Rye is almost as good as the real thing!!
4	If you've never been here you're really missing out. I've tried a few loves of bread and several pastries and it's been great every time. I haven't found a better place to get baked goods in Champaign or Urbana.  To be honest I don't really understand the reviews complaining about the coffee or the minimum price on credit cards.  Dude, it's a bakery. My only complaint is that it's not open on Sunday or Monday. These seem like peak days for bakeries to me.
5	We make this a regular stop on Saturday morning along with the Farmer's Market.  The pastries are to die for, not one mediocre thing comes out of this place.  Favorites: cheese danish, focaccia with tomatoes and basil and ham/cheese croissants.  My mouth is watering as I type.
4	Mirabelle's is a nice little bakery that many locals swear by. I mean, people will drive from _all the way over in Champaign_ just to get some yummy treats at Mirabelle's. My personal fave is quite simple: the brioche. Seldom dry, it's best eaten at one of the tables out front or just east of the shop on the lovely park bench. If you go to Mirabelle's, don't miss the photos on the wall of the shop when it first opened.
5	We went to Mirabelle this morning to pick up a couple small cakes for my birthday dessert. The line was out the door, which should not be a surprise on a Saturday morning--especially in farmer's market season when downtown Urbana is at its busiest. It didn't take too long, though--only about ten minutes--to reach the head of the line. The three young women behind the counter were cheerful and helpful despite the crowd; brief but polite. Mirabelle specializes in fresh-baked breads and pastries, and the place was chock-full of delicious-looking goodies. We came for two small pieces of cake but it took a great deal of willpower not to come home with a bagful of other treats. We decided on the chocolate and lemon, one piece each. We split them after dinner, and man were they good. I can't say for sure which I liked better, but I am leaning toward the lemon--a nice balance of sweet and tart. Both were yummy, and we will definitely be back, next time to check out the baguettes.
4	I love bakeries and this is a good bakery. Good bread, great alligator pastries.
4	I woke up this morning craving a savory, non-egg, vegetarian breakfast and immediately thought of Mirabelle's pastries.  Unfortunately, they are closed on Sundays, which is when I am writing this review.I have only gone to Mirabelle twice to have their focaccia bread that appears to differ by week. I must attest to their rosemary and sea salt loaf that was a great complement to pasta meals I cooked.  In addition, there was a loaf with potato and sprigs of herbs (but I forgot what else) that goes well with tomato soup.I know that I will be back!
4	Every town should have a hole-in-the wall bakery full of decadent pastries and rustic breads.  Mirabelle fills that need in Urbana.Stopped by this afternoon to get a chocolate dipped almond horn, coffee, and rosemary and sea salt focaccia.  The focaccia was purchased to bring my total over $5 so I could use my card (darn minimum purchases...).  A little annoying, but I can understand why small businesses put those rules in place.  And I guess I won't complain about being "forced" to buy more delicious baked goods.I thought the coffee was tasty (better than I was expecting) and it paired perfectly with the almond horn, which was also delicious.  It wasn't the most amazing almond horn I've ever had...but yeah, it was most definitely yummy.  Just about everything in the display case looked wonderful so I hope to sample more of their pastries.The focaccia was also good, warmed in the oven and served with dinner.  Would probably go really well with a salad or as sandwich bread...mmm.I do wish the seating wasn't quite so awkward, but I guess it's the best they can do.Not sure why people are complaining that they are closed on Mondays.  I've yet to find a traditional bakery that ISN'T closed on Mondays.
4	Love this place! I take my son here every weekend and it's become a real tradition. Glad to have a bakery of this caliber in C-U. And btw: honey walnut bread is amazing!
1	I don't write many bad reviews, but the workers this morning were rude!  I don't care if you went to bed late last night, if you're trying to pull off a French bakery try putting a smile on your face whether its 4:30 or 10:30.I'll be getting my pastries elsewhere.
5	Passing through town, and stopped here based on a quick yelp search.  Missed it at first because the small storefront was obscured by a parked car, but very glad I found my way back.The place is totally cute, and the staff was super nice; did not encounter any of the sass others mentioned.They have a great selection of pastries and desserts while offering a collection of loaf breads.  No place to sit as it was too chilly for outdoor patio chairs, so made a huge mess in my car.Tried the cheese danish.  Yum.  Not particularly sweet, so the pastry and cheese really came through.  It was dusted with confectioner's sugar, which i promptly blew all over my lap and seat.Self-serve coffee with the same little blue-colored greek paper cups that street vendors in NY use.
4	Why did I go so many years without visiting this place?  We went in once years ago and they were out of almost everything and we left empty handed.   After that I wrote them off and never visited again.  That is until I had a craving for marzipan-y baked goods!  Their almond horns are TO DIE FOR!  Their princess cake is too tasty!  Their cookies and pastries are just amazing.  They are definitely my go-to for fine sweets now!  That being said, we went at midday today and there was only ONE person working and she was busy making a HUGE order of coffee drinks that took FOREVER and the line kept building up and building up.  Some people left, but I had driven all the way over from Champaign to pick up a sweet so I stuck it out.  The server was friendly, but didn't apologize for the slow service so I imagine it's common enough that she didn't think it was an issue.
4	It's hard to decide whether this is a 3 or 4 star place. While objectively if you consider it against many bakeries in Chicago or Milwaukee, the pastries aren't really that amazing but it isn't easy to find pastries in Champaign-Urbana. I wasn't a big fan of anything that contained custard or was cake-like but their almond horn, chocolate scone, and pear tart are solid choices.
4	Mirabelle: One of my most favorite places in Urbana-Champaign, and one of my favorite bakeries of all time. Stopping here after a Saturday morning run or before the Farmer's Market is an absolute must.I was introduced to Mirabelle by a friend who purchased the chocolate truffle cake for my birthday in 2009. The cake was to die for. Besides being full of chocolate flavor, all cakes that I have gotten from Mirabelle are extremely moist (can't say the same about other bakeries in the area). All of their desserts are cute, full of flavor, and not overly sweet. However, my Saturday morning pilgrimage isn't usually spurred by the desserts. Mirabelle makes a killer Onion Roll, and if you don't get there early enough in the summer, you might not get one at all. During Spring  and Summer 2011, the Onion Roll was perfectly cooked, fluffy, golden brown, and filled with a wonderful cheese, poppy seed, and red onion mixture. Towards the end of Summer 2011, Mirabelle began to overcook and under fill the Onion Roll. I still give Mirabelle 4 stars for the delicious memories of the Onion Roll, but I hope they fix the overcooked and under filled Onion Rolls, bringing them back to previous standards. The focaccia is also out of this world. There are various types of foccacia offered, including mashed potato and tomato/artichoke. All delicious. I also recommend all of their loaves of bread. Buttery and fluffy, they are perfect for sandwiches and soups. I wish that Mirabelle had a little more space to move around inside when it gets crowded. It's really hard to see what pastries they have for the day when there is a line of people standing in front of the glass cases. Perhaps putting up a menu with the items of the day might help. I'm still hoping they'll bring the Onion Rolls back to how they used to be: flaky, full, and not overcooked.
5	I just have to update this to say that they no longer have a minimum for credit card purchases.  Love their spinach and feta croissants!
5	I decided to give them a 5 star. Pastry: I tried the almond horn and the rosemary & sea salt foccacia. the famous ALMOND HORN was brilliant. The pastry was packed with almond aroma. it was smooth and chewy in the inside and crispy on the outside covered with sliced almond pieces. It was divine. I was so full at the moment when i try sampling it. But i end up finishing the whole thing. My roommate loved it too. Love the fact that it was not too sweet. Just right. ROSEMARY AND SEA SALT focaccia was lovely as well. had it for breakfast with black tea and its just a match made in heaven.  Service: The lady who was working there was just super duper friendly and nice. I dont understand why people are complaining about their service. She was overly kind and informative. Knew when each pastries come out from the oven and all that. Overall: It was a great experience. I am so glad that we have a small bakery like this in CU. It is a little far from the main campus area (30min walk from Green St) but it was worth it.  It is clear from the pastries that someone cares in the kitchen. I will go back next week to try the tiramisu. heard it was good. Def better than Pekera. (except the baguette).
3	Boo hoo!  I was informed that they no longer have Princess Cake because the baker doesn't  like to make it.  I suppose it's their prerogative but now I will find very few reasons to drive across town since that's the one unique thing I counted on Mirabelle for.  I had the raspberry jelly roll and it was NO SUBSTITUTE for the Princess Cake, the cake was good quality but way too much sugary-sweet raspberry goo and pretty flavorless frosting.
5	Found this place in 2009 after my husband and I returned from a trip to Paris and were missing boulangerie pastries terribly.  We went in hoping for at least a shadow of the taste that we so loved in France, and were bowled over with how wonderfully Mirabelle exceeded our expectations.  We've now only come to expect the best from Mirabelle, and that's exactly what it is: the best.To be honest, we've never ventured outside the of pastry and fresh-baked bread realm here (e.g. haven't tried the cakes, soup, etc.) because there's no need.  A chocolate filled croissant and a baguette to go, and I'm in heaven.We just moved out of C-U, and this is one of the places I will miss dearly.
3	Oh Mirabelle. The pastries are good, so they must have someone back there who is a really good chef. But customer service is like a box of chocolates: you never know what you are going to get. Every time is a different experience. Sometimes I get out of there really happy and sometimes really upset. So be prepared when you cross their doorstep.
5	This place is a treasure. Amazing. inexpensive bread. Highly recommend the boule and batard. Wildly good croissants and focaccia. Only problem is they close at 6 pm on weekdays, and it's hard to get there after work.
3	This could be a 5 star place given the high quality of their pastries and cakes.  However, they get one star off because one never knows what one will find on their shelves.  Just not the kind of place where you go because you crave something you tried before because chances are you won't find it.   And, yeah, one more star off for the downright pissy service you often get.  How hard is it to crack a smile and be nice?  It is because of this that I don't go there a couple of times a weak but maybe once every 3 months.   I was there last week and am now very unlikely to revisit before summer.  Oh, well...
5	Wow. . . just wow.  I've never had a bad item here. The almond horns? PHENOMENAL.  Those yeasted cinnamon sugar rolls? TO DIE FOR.  All that bread you see on a rack behind the cash register? THANK GOODNESS I AM NOT GLUTEN INTOLERANT. It's all pretty reasonably priced, too.   ***Bonus** they don't lie about the freshness like a competitor of theirs in downtown Champaign. . . .
5	I found really wonderful service every time I visited. Recently, my sister even had Mirabelles do some pastries for her wedding reception, and they were really wonderful. One of the Mirabelle staff made the wedding cake, and it was delicious too. I live halfway across the country now, but any time I go back to visit you'll find me at Mirabelle looking for a cheese danish.
5	I just come back from Mirabelle, having a wonderful morning with my friend drinking coffee and enjoying the popular chocolate croissant! By the way, I like their chocolate everything, cuz they use high quality chocolate with rich and elegant taste.  I brought a whole bag of bread and pastries back as usual. lol  This is definitly my proud recommendation for friends.  Hope they could open more hours.  By the way, I really want to justify for Mirabelle about the staff attitude thing people used to complain about, the staff is really nice from my experience, the lady serve me today explain the differences of their fresh baked bread patiently.  It was so nice to know that before making a decision cuz all of them looks so yumm.  I have tried the pecan rasin and batard.  They are no bad than the ones I had in France, somehow even better after toasting.  Having such a traditional and high quality pastry in town makes life wonderful~lol
5	How did I not know about Mirabelle?!  This place is wonderful!  They have the most gorgeous and delicious pastries as well as sandwiches and breads.  It is also nice that they have outdoor seating. I am also totally obsessed with the artichoke focaccia, which I got for lunch today for the second time in the past month...  Which brings me to my other point about Mirabelle's: their prices!  You would think such delicious and fresh pastries, sandwiches, and baked goods would be expensive but their prices are so reasonable!  I bought a HUGE piece of artichoke focaccia and a big chocolate chip cookie for lunch today and it was only $4 and some change!  Love this place!
5	I've been going here for years and it never disappoints.  They make Onion Rolls on Saturdays that are filled with mascarpone and and caramelized onions, probably my favorite thing they have. Mirabelle also has a great assortment of desserts, cakes, and pastries.
5	This place has the most beautifully crafted and delicious pastries around! Watch out.  After eating here regularly,  its difficult for me to eat average grade desserts that I used to enjoy.  I recommend the almond horn, the chocolate brioche, and the little mini fruit pies that are filled with pastry cream. This is also a great place to stop for a quick to go lunch!
5	Best baked goods!
5	Yes. Yes yes yes. Everything is right about the baked goods from Mirabelle's, especially their chocolate coconut macarons. They must make their desserts from pure happiness. Each dessert is just sweet enough. When it needs to be flakey, there is flake. When it needs to be puffy, puffs there are.What more can you demand from perfection?
3	Mirabelle definitely has the best cakes and desserts in town. Way better (for quality ingredients and freshness) than Pekara. But MY GOODNESS, I recommend you stay far, far away from their chocolate croissants and their baguettes (Pekara definitely takes the win for baguettes). I have never encountered such a brick of a croissant in my life - a hard dough, sweating grease (not even delicious butter-flavored grease) with just a stale oil flavor. I have never, ever thrown away a croissant before. This was a shame. And the baguette - a dense dough. The kind of crust that separates from the inside when you cut it. How is one supposed to slice this into nice little rounds? No elasticity. Not salty enough. Not yeasty enough. Not airy or chewy at all.Good focaccia, good coffee cake, decent cheese cake (pretty light - for cheesecake - and not too sweet). I have one lingering question. Where can a girl get a good muffin in this town???
4	In general, really great bakery. I am a huge fan of the cookies and cakes here. However, their croissants are just terrible. I threw the croissant away because it was inedible. How is that even possible? Somehow they managed to make THE WORST croissant I have ever eaten, ever. I'd rather eat a grocery store croissant than the croissants they sell at Mirabelle's.
1	Pastries are OK but not the best I've had in other places. The horrible customer service just makes everything taste even worse.  Not recommend this place unless you  desperately need a piece of cake.
5	DELICIOUS! I'm here nearly every other day (you can tell by looking at my belly) and everyone I've encountered working there has been an absolute doll. Such nice people work there making such tasty good. The coffee is good but not amazing, but that doesn't stop me from getting it daily before work. Make sure you brought cash unless you're buying more than $5 worth though. Five stars!
5	Little shops like this are my favorite finds when I check out somewhere new.  On my day off from clinical, I decided to walk over to downtown Urbana from U of I's campus and I was pleasantly surprised to find Mirabelle Fine Pastry!I walked in and was greeted by the lovely cashier who, fittingly, was wearing one of the most adorable homemade aprons I've ever seen.  That aside, I was immediately drawn to the beautiful edible works of art on display in the glass cases in front of me.  There were lovely fruit pastries and chocolate croissants, but I ended up selecting one of their chocolate-covered macaroons (upon recommendation by the cashier).  The size of the macaroon was perfect (no gargantuan delicacies will you find here) and the price point was very affordable.  For $1.85, I walked out with a special treat having received some wonderful customer service.Upon trying the macaroon, I was very impressed! It was dense and moist with just the right amount of chocolate covering the bottom.  Needless to say, I thoroughly enjoyed it! With 4 weeks left in Chambana, Mirabelle is a place that I hope to visit a few more times before I pack my bags and head back to St. Louis. Definitely a hidden shop in downtown Urbana!
3	I've gone to Mirabelle's since it first opened, and have experienced the highs and not so highs among their products. Generally-the baked goods are excellent if you do not need to know the ingredients (we're talking butter and sugar here), but one problem they have consistently had has been their customer service. It is often the case among local businesses that the manager or owner fails to see that the 'face' (or 'faces') of the business are those people serving the customers, and that they need to be trained beyond using Square and putting food in the bags. They should be 'there' mentally, know how to spot the first customer in line, and put the correct items in the bag or box. If there are a lot of customers, why not get a number device? Sometimes the line goes out the door, or customers would like to look into the display case first, but they cannot see it because of the crowd in front of them until it is their turn, and then they spend time trying to choose while people behind them wait. The customers in Urbana are a pretty civilized bunch, but owners will never know when they have lost a customer who does not return. I often get the feeling among local owners that if they are making enough profit, then that's it, no need to improve. However, there are always new businesses opening up and new competition. Beyond the products I suggest looking at: 1.) training staff to be friendlier and more responsive to customers. 2.) cleaning that place like it is a surgery. 3.) Innovate products-try coming up with items that are not so heavy or hard to eat. For example-the sandwiches are made from baguette-fine, but they are so hard they cut the roof of your mouth. In France, Italy, and many other places, they scrape out the inner part of the bread to leave the shell for the sandwich filling, and wrap it tightly overnight, where it softens. 4.) Offer ingredient lists for products.5.) Use social media to create enthusiasm for new products.
