4	Been opened 3 weeks. Located next to Marche Bacchus. Had an appetizer and a glass of wine here last night. It was great. Modeled after a Cape Cod style restaurant. It was charming. Good service, good food. I wished that I had eaten dinner here instead of at Marche Bacchus. I would drive the hour from Henderson to here again to try more of their food. Very beautiful patio.
2	Ok.  First and foremost.  View is good. Wine list is poor. Service was average.   Lobster bisque burnt. Salad had no dressing.  So on  Marche baccus next door is miles ahead for wine and food selectionoverall food was average.   We eat at a lot of 4-5 star restuarants.    Sorry.  Can't give this more than 2.  Maybe as time moves on it will get better
4	It was busy for a Monday nite since there was a wedding banquet & a birthday party.  Their mgr asked us what we wanted to drink & I heard the french accent so mais oui I started off with Paul Georg NV champagne ($13).  All their food is organic, including their steaks.   I had the Monday special hors d'oeuvre of salmon tartare ($13) with coriander & arugula while my 2 friends had the wedge salad w/ roquefort ($7.50) & the beignet of calamari ($11).   Since I never had an organic ribeye ($34) that was my entree plus asparagus since I don't eat potatoes; the others had stuffed pacific halibut w/salmon mousse et shrimp chardonnay sauce and rice pilaf ($23)  & split pea soup ($8).  Certainement we had to try ze dessert with the very French pistachio macaroon with raspberry filling ($8).  We enjoyed it all with the view of the lake & the cool breeze so this place should be continuously busy.
4	Has anyone gone here 4brunch?  Have u ever eaten sanddabs?  How's about a scenic view?  I feel great for accomplishing all 3.  I know, I lead a simple but enjoyable life but that's what it's all about...  There's a special BRUNCH menu on Sundays that's not listed on their website that's different from their lunch or dinner menus.  I had gone by to pick it up & preview since I'm the preparation woman.  We were a party of 7 that ate a mountain of food including the french toast, eggs benedict, filet of beef, sand dab sandwich, sand dab entree, pancakes, homemade cookies dessert, lemon tart --yes I tried scrumptious all.
3	A few weeks ago my husband and I went to a lovely Saturday brunch at Garfield's, which is located in the small commercial center on Regatta Drive at the heart of Desert Shores. Upon entering I was immediately pleased. The nautical-themed restaurant is situated on actual water (who cares if it's a fake lake) and reminded me of sitting at Shutters on the Beach in Santa Monica with my dad some years back. As we sat in the atrium I really enjoyed feeling like I wasn't in Vegas.Our waiter Thomas was intuitive to our needs and gave us the time we needed to peruse the menu, indulging me by answering my numerous questions. His opinions of various dishes on the menu were honest, and, though we weren't able to try everything we wanted to, he gave us enough information to make us want to come back even before we ordered. After agonizing minutes of deliberation, we decided upon starting with the crab cakes (of course we had to try the seafood) followed by a salad nicoise and a side of potatoes au gratin.The crab cakes ($12) were browned nicely and seasoned well, however, I missed the big chunks of lump crab meat that are a sign of a good crab cake. The backfin that was used instead of the lump was of good quality, though, and didn't have the tin taste that some do. The Dijon mustard sauce was really what made the dish successful and proved to us that the chef is in fact French (nobody does sauces like the French). It's acidity complimented the fried cakes and was a more inventive approach than serving them with the usual suspects like aoli or tartar sauce. After using the fresh and chewy bread to sop up the remaining sauce, we allowed them to remove the plate and make room for the salad and potatoes. The salad nicoise ($16) wasn't as visually appealing as it could have been, and I was sad that the tuna was from a can. I actually really dislike canned tuna fish, a personal aversion made worse by my freshman year roommate who ate it ALL the time in our teeny dorm room that lacked adequate ventilation. This was much better quality than 'chicken of the sea,' however, so was therefore tolerable to me. Most of the other components of the salad were fine, and the chef scores points for going to the extra trouble of soaking the thinly sliced onions in water(this dulls some of the bite). The haricot vert were crunchy, but Ian pointed out that they were blanched improperly because they weren't seasoned substantially enough on their own and were not as verdant as they should have been (the result of water that was not at a rolling boil when the green beans went in or not shocking them properly in ice cold water when they came out). The tomatoes were pithy so we didn't eat them, but the dressing almost made up for the salad's shortcomings. The au gratin potatoes ($7) made from organic Idaho potatoes were nothing unique, but they did come out out bubbly and cheesy, and were scrumptious with the addition of a little salt (I'd like to comment that they serve good salt on the table and a mini pepper mill, which we consider to be hallmarks of a good restaurant). After the meal Thomas brought me a free champagne cocktail, which was incredibly generous seeing as how we hadn't voiced our grievances to his face. He wanted me to try the grottes cherries in the cocktail that I had asked about, which were delicious. At $12 it would have been fairly expensive, but definitely worth it.Would we order the potatoes again? Maybe. Would we order the salad again? Probably not. We probably wouldn't get the crab cakes again either actually. I don't want to be too harsh because the food was all pretty good, just a bit overpriced for what it was. I was intrigued enough to want to come back and try out some other dishes, though, perhaps the french toast with bananas that Thomas raved about or the blackened shrimp over pasta, which is not on the menu but apparently very popular.The real reason to come here is for the ambiance of the atrium, which is unpretentious and cheery with a side of great views. We even saw a black swan guarding her eggs in a nearby nest while her mate patrolled the area to ensure their safety, either from us or the few turtles bobbing around in the lake - quite a sweet little scene for being in the desert!
4	To escape within the city for a dining experience reminiscent of a restaurant on the East Coast overlooking a lake, you may want to try Garfield's. It's a great escape from the strip lights and strip malls, located on restaurant row along the lakes.  For a pretty location, you expect expensive prices as their competitor two doors down boasts, but you'll be happy to discover that their menu is fairly priced (not cheap, however) and despite the pricing and ambience, the best part is--you can wear jeans and a t-shirt there any meal of the day.We valet parked, despite the parking lot being small and not a far walk in any direction (because it was there--why not?) and immediately walked through the lovely trellis, past a nice outdoor lounge near their outdoor bar, and into the indoor dining area.  Their kitchen is open, which means as you pass by you can see just how clean or dirty things are around there.  Thankfully their stainless steel appliances and walls were clean.  I looked at the floor in the kitchen, and it was spotless--a good sign of a clean kitchen and therefore clean food.  The indoor seating is strictly booths and half booths, but the star dining area is their sun room.  It's a floor-to-ceiling glass atrium with a wooden floor, very popular to sit in because of the fantastic view of the lake.  However, with so many diners crowding it and my lack of interest to sit amongst the bustle, I opted for a booth seat.  Their service is impeccable despite being a casual restaurant.  All servers are in uniform, ones I expect in all honesty from a more expensive restaurant.  Tables are clothed in white tablecloth and your bread plate has the restaurant name and the year he was knighted as decoration.  They took our drink orders immediately, gave us 2 minutes to look over the menu, and we ordered.  While waiting, they brought out this adorable mini baguette sliced up with tempered butter.  That french bread was addictive! Perfect french bread is crusty and has that crunch outside, with a soft inside. This bread was just that.  You can opt for olive oil and/or vinegar instead of butter, too. It's nice to have options for bread service.  We ordered five more of those baskets throughout the meal, too.  The grilled artichokes were perfectly cooked, not mushy like some restaurants tend to serve it, and thankfully had a good portion of the stem attached to eat.  Anyone can cook an artichoke, but the question is the aioli that it's paired with.  This garlic aioli was outstanding!  It really made the dish and the entire container was empty by the time my husband devoured two large artichokes with it.  Dinner arrived shortly after our appetizers were done: a bone-in ribeye steak and lasagna.   My ribeye steak was an inch or more thick, enough for two if you eat a hefty appetizer beforehand.  It came with scalloped potatoes and some herb butter.  The steak was nicely grilled and had that lovely char scent to it.  I love the crust that the fat makes on the outside of this steak.  It was so flavorful and juicy, cooked as perfectly as you can get for medium, and didn't need that herb butter it came with.  Yet, I had to try it.  Why serve herb butter if it didn't pair well?  I dabbed a bit on, the butter having more of a foamy, creamy consistency, and ate it with the steak.  It really enhanced the flavor of the meat, as strange as that sounds.  Usually herb butter overpowers the meat, but this one is like it's dance partner.  Consisting of sweet cream butter, lemon, parsley, black pepper, and possibly a sprinkle of salt, this was the best herb butter I've tasted and actually enjoyed.  The scalloped potatoes were lovely, too.  That parmesan crust on top of this cup of potatoes was yummy and the potatoes inside were perfectly cooked and not mushy at all.  Great side dish.  As for the lasagna, the sauce had just the right sweetness to it, yet finishes on the back of your tongue with a slight tomato tanginess we all love.  The lasagna itself was delicious--a cheese and pasta perfection on a plate.  My husband didn't give me a second chance to take another bite and used the bread to literally clean his plate.  Dessert was ordered in advanced because we wanted their chocolate souffle. I'm a sucker for souffle.  After finishing dinner, our server put the order in maybe a minute or two before we finished eating.  The wait for souffle is usually 20 minutes, so don't order it unless you are willing to wait.  When it arrived, they punched a hole in the center and poured the vanilla sauce in the middle. It was good, but not the best I've ever had.  Still, airy and perfectly cooked.  I wanted more chocolate flavor, though, because it felt a bit on the bland side.Overall, great meal, excellent service & ambience, and we plan to eat lunch here today.  It's always nice to escape to the lakes as you are and eat four star food with five star service in jeans and a shirt. I enjoyed it, and I believe you will, too.
3	I was a little disappointed here.  It seemed like it would be a really good dining experience, but there were a few aspects of the meal that put me off.Garfield's is hidden in a residential lake-side shopping center.  You'd never find it by chance unless you lived in the area.  I believe they have valet service (I saw the valet podium, but no valet attendants), but there is plenty of parking in the lot.If you can eat outside, the view is beautiful -- especially around dusk.  Unfortunately we were continuously pestered by little gnats.  I spent quite a bit of my time trying to swat the things away.  I've eaten at Marche Bacchus (just 50 yeards away) and they didn't seem to have the same problem.  I'm not sure whether they do something to keep them away -- it may have been just the luck of the draw that night.I felt the experience was a bit over priced.  Before my friend got there, I had two vodka tonics and was very surprised to see the bar bill was $24.  The meal for two came out to around $75 -- not exorbitant, but I thought the food was just mediocre.  Of course, I just got fish - which is hard for me to get too excited about.The ambience there is nice and it's a good for a romantic and relaxing meal.  Just be prepared for a larger than normal bill for a meal that is just so-so.
3	Hidden in a residential area around a man made lake, I was surprised to find a scenic gem of a restaurant. Its nautical decor and great patio give you a feeling of being at a yacht club in Newport Beach rather than the Vegas desert. The patio view is shaded and overlooks the lake and really makes for a great "non Vegas-feel" but the food is slightly better than Okay. I like that there are vegetarian options and a pretty good wine list. I will definitely be back more for the scene and less for the cuisine. Here are some things off the menu -Brunch: Eggs Benedict, Eggs Florentine, Pancakes, Rotisserie Chicken Sandwich,Leg of Lamb, Pizza, Whole wear CrepeDinner Entrees: blackened mahi mahi, Rotisserie half chicken,Raviloi, Classic Lasagna, Spaghetti. Burgers, Pizza
2	This was my second and last time at Garfield's. First of all, a disclaimer -- both times I was with a large group. Last week 8 of us went for a celebration. I'd tried to find their menu on-line but it wouldn't come up. One lady was able to access it but there were no prices. I guess that's the "if you have to ask the price, you don't belong here," kind of thinking. We had reservations, so they should've been prepared for a group. Our table was cobbled together -- one square and 2 round tables shoved together, sort of like Thanksgiving at grandma's. The service was slow. It was a Friday night and I really think they did not have enough staff. I had a warm spinach salad with melted goat cheese dressing. It was not warm and the tiny drizzle of goat cheese was very sparse. There was a handful of walnut halves and six very thin slices of apple. ($10.) The serving of potato-leek soup was a bare minimum which covered the bottom of the soup plate ($9). The guest of honor had the halibut and raved about it so that was obviously a hit. I think it was $38. The prices overall were more than I've experienced at other upscale Las Vegas restaurants such as Rosemary's or the Carmel Room at the Rampart for food that was adequate but not great. So the service was slow, the food average and the room we were in was noisy! We were in the middle room where we could see outside and it is lovely, but too loud to carry on a conversation. The final straw for me was after we'd left I asked the lady who paid the bill if she'd realized they add an 18% gratuity to parties of 8 or more. It's clearly stated on the menu, but she hadn't seen that. It would've been decent -- and perhaps ethical, too -- if the waiter had quietly mentioned that a gratuity has already been included in the bill. She'd added a 20% tip, so the wait-staff got a 38% tip for very poor service. Our water glasses were never refilled, nor was the bread basket replenished. Oh, and the wine list? Minimal. No Italian wines to compliment the lasagna or spaghetti dishes. Very slim pickings. For my money, the smaller Marche Bacchus at the other end of the parking lot is much nicer -- better service, better food, same lovely view and a feeling of actually being welcome. I won't be back to Garfield's.
3	Had dinner here with with my parents and cousin-in-law about a month ago. I had the grilled artichoke, lamb, and green beans. Everything was very good and the setting was lovely. The lamb preparation and presentation was very nice.At the end they brought out a novel for us to write in which was unique.
4	Karma Tequila Dinner Pairing at Garfield's Restaurant in Summerlin We started off with an Apple Margarita made with triple sec, it was very tasty! The first course was a watercress salad with a Karma Tequila & Orange Vinaigrette. The salad was very crisp and the tequila flavor mixed well with the orange slices. The second course I had the braised short ribs which were cooked medium well with vegetables and mash potatoes, and a light gravy. This main course was cooked to perfection, a recommended try. Third course was desert made of avocado ice cream with dark chocolate mousse, Karma Tequila kiss in the cream whip topping. A great combination of tastes for the pliant, a unique blend of richness. The after dinner drink: Karma Tequila with White Cream de Cocoa, Chambord, and cream with raspberry garnish. I normally don't like Cream de Cocoa drinks, but the Karma Tequila made the drink very tasty. I recommend Garfield's Restaurant to all. Service was great and the views of the lake were a must see.
5	Beautiful place! I will go again and bring friends. Great service! Really enjoyable, jazz music, ducks and birds by the lake. Cute way to present the check. Substituted bread sandwich for a salad sandwich, yummy
5	My wife and I had a great dinning experience.  The view of the lake was very peaceful and tranquil, with geese and ducks swimming. The food preparation was great as well. My wife enjoyed the halibut with salmon mousse and shrimp. I had the double cut pork chop, which was tasty.I would recommend Garfield's to everyone.
5	Hidden location but it's well worth finding. The restaurant is in a small local strip mall but on a lake. Yes a lake! In Summerlin , I lived here for 5 years before stumbling across this development during a spring bicycle ride. Garfields has a nautical theme and I believe all the tables have a lake view , there was even a guy fishing from his boat as we dined . I'm not sure if he was a serious fisherman or just enjoying the lake with his cooler and his own company. The service here is excellent , knowledgeable staff and super friendly. I was with my wife & 3 kids and everyone was welcomed. The menu is excellent , I enjoyed a pan fried sea bass which was moist and delicious, my wife ( not eating meat on Good Friday ) had a pizza , super thin and top notch. Kids had plenty of choices and had a good feed! Reasonably priced wine & English Bass beer finished off a great night. It is worth the drive from the Strip if you're visiting but if you are local it's a must.
5	Great food, nice atmosphere.  Went with family for a special occasion but this is a great place for a romantic evening too.   A bit pricey butbwell worth it.
2	I've been thinking to try this place for awhile, but was not terribly impressed with their website or menu selection.  On word of mouth, I decided to try it anyway.  It is a lovely space, nautical theme, Cape Cod inspired, but doesn't really make sense given the menu seems French inspired.  We went for the Sunday Brunch, were seated promptly, and the wait staff were attentive and friendly.  That was the best part, but staff can't make up for mediocre food.  I ordered a mixed green salad and a savory crepe, the waiter promptly returned to let me know my main dish came with a salad and he would cancel my salad order.  Like I said the service was not a problem.  My main course was good, not great, the crepe was well done but the dish was not balanced, it lacked the special something that makes a meal great.  I was planning on giving Garfield's 3-stars until...It was my anniversary, so we splurged with desert.  One of my favorites was on the menu, tart tartan.  It was not good.  If you are familar with the dessert it has a crisp pastry crust with thinly sliced apples and has a scope of ice cream.  Their version had huge chunks of apples and was drenched in some kind of honey sauce so the pastry was soggy and the whole dessert was sickly sweet.  My husband and I also had two mimosa's each and our final bill was over $90.  Not that we are cheap diner's, but for that much we would like to be blown away or at least have a decent meal.  My husband didn't enjoy his meal either, but I'll let him tell his own story.Suggestions to Garfields...1.  Add your times of business on your website.2.  Replace huge portions with better quality.  Or just make your portions smaller and charge less.3.  Pick a style and stick with it.  I was very confused as to what style of food or theme your restaurant has.  Cape Cod?  English? French? Fusion?  I'm just not sure.4.  Include better descriptions on your menu.  We we were very unclear what sides went with entrees.  If you advertise tart tartan, but include your own twist from the traditional, then you need to state that.
5	Gorgeous setting, great food, although a little pricey its well worth it!!! Very romantic and great for first dates... Works everytime...lol!! It sits on a lake with beautiful geese and ducks everywhere. We had a perfectly grilled artichoke w/ garlic aioli dip, steak, fish, and dessert... Every thing was phenomenal
2	We had dinner there last night and were disappointed.  The food was okay - sort of on the bland side.  Had a marguerita that I had to send back because it had absolutely no taste.  The artichokes were just ok, as was the pizza I ordered.  My husband had halibut stuffed with salmon mousse and spinach - it was swimming in sauce and you wouldn't even know if it was fish or chicken.  We'd been looking forward to trying this place.  Won't go back again.
5	Excellent food at great prices!  We visit here at least once a week if not more.The service is great and this is a more mature restaurant, no troublemakers or kids!They have a great variety of offerings, from steak to seafood to ... just about everything!Kris Kelley
4	Nice, Quiet, Hidden Restaurant in an area that looks like Westlake Village because it sits on a small, man made lake.Ambiance:Different rooms to sit in... front side outside which seems like a Nautical bar.  The main dining area is more seaside, beach like atmosphere... and then there's the Atrium dining area and then there's the backyard, overlooking the lake area.  All of it is very nice.Drinks:Bloody Mary... these don't make my top 10.  A bit weak in texture and flavor... too much horseradish and possibly olive juice... it just seemed off.The Bellinis however were AWESOME!  Light and Refreshing.  :)Bread:Fresh out of the oven.  Crusty, French bread was quite nice.Brunch:Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict..... YUM! It was a special.... so it's not normally on the menu.  Not sure how often they offer this.Great smoked salmon... and paired with the light, poached eggs on top of the English muffins was perfection. I had the hollandaise on the side which works better for me since I'm not a big fan of having my meal drenched in sauce.  Overall.... I'd totally go back for this dish.
4	Great neighborhood gem!This was a nice quiet place for lunch. BEAUTIFUL scenery! It didn't feel like you were in vegas. This restaurant had a  nautical theme and a lot of character. Our service was great. Food was good! My only complaint is I bought a groupon for brunch. They only honor the brunch groupon on weekends (it did not state that anywhere on the groupon) I went on a Tuesday.
4	Went here for the first time last week to see my good friend Sherry St.Germaine play piano.  She's fantastic and is reason enough to check this place out.  Thankfully, it happened to be a quaint little wine bar with a good selection of wines and were serving complimentary tapas the night I was there.  I'd definitely go more often if I lived in the area.
2	We have been here for lunch and dinner recently, each time hoping we have found a 'keeper' on our Restaurant List, sadly at this point that is not the case.Most recently we dined there Friday night, the restaurant was quite busy, something  the staff was unprepared to handle.  A sudden influx of customers can understandably slow down service; however when we made our reservation we took the last remaining spot available for that hour.  They should have prepared accordingly.  Our biggest disappointment came from the wait staff.  Service was exceedingly slow, discombobulated, cumbersome at best.  Our table was wobbly, a request for the wine list took at least 15 minutes, then we had to ask again.  We were served our plates from the wrong side, the waiter reaching across the table to serve, they did not get one course served to the correct person.  It appeared as if it were a new restaurant  opening, unprepared and understaffed.  On the service side, one of their saving graces may be the recent addition of some of the staff from the recently closed Rosemary's, where service was always impeccable. Additionally, the choice of music that was piped in the background, was not dinner appropriate unless you are under 30 years old. Garfields certainly is a lovely restaurant, nautical theme with a fabulous location.  Sadly, we have not experienced eating anything particularly  memorable there, with the exception of the bread.  Plus, we found the menu sorely lacking in variety, nothing jumps out at you, it's all pretty ordinary fare.    With Marche Bacchus, one of the best 'off the Strip' restaurants literally a few steps away, Garfields has formidable competition.  Lets hope they can  pick up their game, and find their niche to keep people coming back. We were quite disappointed
4	I've been to marche bacchus a couple times, but never even heard of Garfield's before. Thanks to groupon for making me drive across town to discover this gem. Since groupon was $56 "dinner for 2" I expected a restricted or prix fixe menu but you have the choice of anything off the menu. Although be sure to ask about upcharges for certain items - our server didn't mention anything but the bill listed upcharges for an entree and dessert. We spent about $80 extra on tip, additional charges and a couple cocktails, which is fine. I just don't appreciate them sneaking it in without mentioning it - its the main thing that prevents this from being 5 stars. Mussel appetizer was ridiculously huge - more like an entree size. Perfectly steamed and the bacon was a nice touch. Rib eye was one of the best steaks I've had in a long time. Barramundi...not so great. I asked the server what barramundi was - he said it was just like sea bass, so I gave it a try. He didn't mention that it was just like Asian sea bass, not Chilean - huge difference and if I'd known he meant it was like the cheap stuff I would've never ordered it. But the chocolate souffle made up for my unexpectedly bad entree. Its been a few years since I've had a souffle and this one was amazing. Sadly I thought about it for the rest of the night. Despite the issues I mentioned, it really was a spectacular meal and I'll probably be back. Its a great restaurant and I'm not sure why it was empty on a Friday night. Staff was very attentive, almost to a fault since they were maybe 4/5 empty. Its a perfect date spot - very intimate and romantic even if its a fake lake. I really felt like we weren't in Vegas.
2	I'm not sure what to think of Garfield's after my 2nd visit. Btw I fell behind in reviews so my 1st visit was actually a few weeks ago, I didn't go twice this week.  It was a super early dinner so this time we really were the ONLY table seated. It was happy hour at the bar so we started with a couple martinis. Our server was nice but pretty awkward, she seemed new. We did the groupon again, and it started out kind of weird. Last time I wanted a bottle of reisling, but was told they didn't have an unopened bottle - we were able to get it as our included glass of wine. This time it was the opposite - I wanted a glass but was told that they only sell it by the bottle. If that's the case, why didn't they have a full bottle last time? She also didn't seem to know about wines at all, not reds anyway. Ordered the New Orleans style barbecue gulf shrimp, which is supposed to be kind of like a spicy scampi with a ton of chopped garlic and spices. That's what I expected, but their version is headless peeled shrimp with a light citrusy sauce. It was good, but not even close to BBQ shrimp. Rib eye was slightly overcooked - medium well, not medium but it was still seasoned well and huge. My friend got the days special of halibut over garlic spinach w supposedly a champagne sauce. Look at the picture - the sauce is a really strong orange sauce (taste and color) and they even garnished it with an orange. It was overpowering for something like halibut, and ironically would've been better with their fake bbq sauce from the shrimp. Souffle was perfect again, but the rest was a pretty big disappointment. It was half off wine night so we also got a bottle for only $15 which is awesome. Total with tip was around $110. Not bad, but I also paid $57 for $114 groupon so in theory that was about a $224 meal. Was it worth that much? Definitely not. I also took home half the bottle since we didn't finish it. She put it laid down in a bag and when I got home a few hrs later, I found that she didn't close the screw cap tightly so a lot of it spilled in the bag. Luckily they have good to go bags so it didn't leak thru in the car, but seriously? This visit was a huge fail in nearly every way and I really can't recommend it to anyone anymore.
4	I've eaten here a few times.  Their happy hour menu is really good, particularly the mussels and crab cakes.  And their mixed drinks are quite good.  I would call it an extremely good value during happy hour.  And, the service has always been really good.  The views of the lake are really nice.  You would never know that you are in the middle of the desert :-)That said, I think when eating here for lunch or dinner, the prices on salad or soup can be quite expensive.  When I came here for lunch, I had ordered crab cakes with a salad, and espresso at the end.  The crab cakes were delicious, but I found the salad to be just so-so, and not the best value given the price.  The espresso was nice.  And the service was very good.I think the unique ambiance of this place really helps it.  Its a place I plan to definitely eat out at again.
4	Our food was excellent, as was the service.  The ambiance is lovely.  We were interested in wine by the glass and there was a nice selection. The restaurant  is located on a lake that is a short drive from the Las Vegas Strip.  Weather permitting, which is often in Vegas, you can sit outside.   The only downside was that some of our party found the menu limited.  I would recommend Garfield's to anyone who enjoys seafood and would like to have dinner away from the noise and pricing of Strip restaurants.
5	Garfield's is a nice alternative if you want to have a really nice dinner with five-star food/service off the strip.We arrived for dinner around 7:30pm on a Tuesday night, no reservations. We were seated right away and as the host was walking us to our table we saw some friends of ours who had just arrived as well so we joined them. The host was very accomodating.Glasses of riesling and jack & cokes were ordered and we all started to go over the menu. The selection here is quite nice and although a tad pricey, the quality of food was outstanding.We ordered:-crab cakes (my favorite)-grilled artichoke-flank steak-shrimp & fettucine-grilled swordfish-grilled salmonMy favorite bites were the crab cake appetizers (flaky, crisp, and *gasp* filled with actual crab meat) and the shrimp & fettucine. I'm a huge pasta fan so I very much appreciate when a restaurant gets the pasta consistency correct, in this case Garfield's did.For dessert we all split the bread pudding (must be ordered in advance to give the kitchen about 25 minutes in prep time). DELICIOUS. It comes with a little pourer filled with a creamy vanilla sauce that you pour over the hot bread pudding, yum!Fun note at the end, the waiter had us all sign a book they had in the restaurant. Cute end to an excellent meal.I want to come back to check out their brunch.
2	Looking for an early lunch (11 am early) could sometimes  be a challenge. I was so excited to find a place that was literally around the corner from me. I'm unsure what my expectations were. I knew that this would be a "nice restaurant" = expensive which i have NO problem with.HOWEVER, when I'm spending $100 on two people, I expect to have little to no issues when it comes to the taste of my food.I got the lobster bisque which tasted like a clam chowder wih no clams or potatoes. I had to SALT IT TO DEATH before it had any taste. I can't say that I was too upset about that due to the "soup of the day" only being $5. I ordered an apple martini that was probably the best thing I ordered there. I had the half chicken with potatoes and spinach I think..which was ok. I really feel like I could've done better myself at home due to the lack of flavor on the potatoes and spinach, My chicken had blood coming out of it. My bf had the flank steak and fries.They brought the flank steak and fries out at first and he wasn't impressed. When the waiter came back with the "sauce" for the flank steak that he forgot, my bf was so excited becase he figured the sauce would bring it ALL TOGETHER. Not so. Not so. The best thing about this place is the scenery and service. Our waitress was nice and the view of the lake was awesome. If I go back, it would be for drinks and a nice view.
5	This place has excellent food and a great staff.
3	A romantic dinner by the water's edge in the Summerlin area was our choice for a delayed Valentine's Day celebration.I was under the impression that Garfield's Restaurant was more New American, but our waiter said they were actually more French-inspired.  (This was going to be a bit tricky since I'm on an egg-free diet.)  Nonetheless, our Groupon allowed us some flexibility with our choices in dinner which helped a lot.After we put in our order, we started munching on the Parmesan cheese crisps and could not get enough of them!  They were really yummy!We started off with the Beignet of Calamari "Tempura Fried, Pickled Peppers & Tartar Sauce"  ($12).  Usually calamari is pretty average and not much can set it apart from the rest.  But for some reason, their version is pretty good!  The accompanying pickles were a nice contrast and the tartar dipping sauce had a little extra that made it stand out.  We were pleasantly surprised!I went with the Seared Scallops "Roasted Heirloom Potato, House Cured Lardons, Onion Confit & Arugula Salad with Smoked Corn Cream" ($27) because I just love a good scallop - raw or seared!  They were three super tasty pieces of shellfish although I thought the arugula sald was going to be raw.  (It's more of a cooked salad.)  I did request that the corn cream not be included in my dish, but unfortunately it was.  So they had to remake the dish.  (It took me awhile to flag down our waiter to tell him the error.)The Husband ordered the Bone In Ribeye Steak 'Bearnaise Sauce" ($44) and sadly, this fell short in a big way.  First off, he requested rare and it came out more medium.  Plus, it was missing a major flavor component.   I'm not sure if they don't season the beef because it comes with a bearnaise sauce, but it just was very bland.  We didn't send it back since it took so long for me to wave down the waiter the first time and the Husband was starving at this point!Dessert is where I lost the most - everything had some form of egg in it except the  Homemade Sorbets ($9).  They were out of coconut, which was a real bummer.  So we ended up with a scoop of mango, peach, and mixed berry.  The mango was the best one of the bunch.The service was just okay, they were nice and professional but just not as attentive as we had hoped or expected.  Perhaps it's because they seated us in the corner of the dining room, so we didn't get a lot of staff passing by.  I felt ridiculous waving my arms and saying "Excuse Me!" to catch the staff's attention. Overall, Garfield's Restaurant was just an okay experience for us.  Perhaps I would have fared better if I didn't have those dietary restrictions, but that didn't excuse the service part.
1	Service here is absolutely horrendous. We came early for a wine and canvas event. The server that was scheduled to work the event started complaining loudly to her other co workers about us coming early..jeez. I'm sorry we wanted to come early & have some appetizers. Rude? I couldn't believe the attitude we recieved from this establishment. The bartender rushed us through ordering our drinks & seemed annoyed with anything anyone ordered. I felt as if they didn't want us here & that were inconviencing them for wanting to spend money. I hope that they were just havih a bad day because its a real shame to think that a restaurant as nice as this employs such rude, un-welcoming staff
4	We went for happy hour but never found out what that was! We were given a regular menu in the bar and ended up moving outside to the gorgeous waterfront and forgot to ask. We were there at 6:30 on a Tuesday so maybe it was already over? The atmosphere is so cool, we felt like we were in south Florida and will definitely return. Our server wasn't that great and knew very little about the food but the pizza with creme fraiche/bacon/onions was divine and the spinach salad was off the charts great.  The chicken entree was a little dry and average and the tempura calamari was just that, tempura which is not my favorite but it was very good.  We will definitely go back when it's hot and sit in the bar to enjoy the music but I'll call first about the happy hour to get the specifics.
5	Reaaly good lamb panini Great view has llittle design issuesLike window blocking view and not So comy Chair but great ambience
2	The view was great. Not a huge selection on menu. Food was just okay, nothing to rave about.
3	This place is charming but food is pretty mediocre.  I like the setting of the lake and there was live music in the front area.  Cool location and near Tenaya Creek Brewery, which is a big plus.
5	Sunday brunch on Labor Day Weekend with a group of ten.  Service was excellent and we never had to ask for refills on our bottomless Mimosas and Bellinis.  Our table had a variety of items off the menu, eggs Benedict, omelets, crepes and chicken.  I heard no complaints.  I love the patio seating, the view of the lake, and the live background music.  I will be back.  I don't think you can't beat $10 bottomless drinks, reasonable brunch prices and great food.
5	I came with 4 girlfriends to enjoy the unlimited mimosa brunch! We sat on the patio and were greeted with impeccable service, great views and even BETTER food and drinks! We started with the REAL reason we were there, BELINI/MIMOSA madness! The waiters did not hesitate to bring our drinks and made sure we were always  with a full glass in hand!!!! Once we chatted a bit over our mimosas, we ordered. The waiters never rushed us and made great recommendations. For example, I usually NEVER order French Toast but, on the recommendation of the waiter, I did. Once the french toast arrived and I took a bite- WOW. Best French Toast I have EVER had, seriously. You have turned a skeptic of french toast , into a believer, hallelujah! Crispy, fluffy and springy with a dab of butter and maple syrup=perfection.The best part of this whole experience was its location, as It sits on a beautiful lake with ducks and geese and a cool breeze. A nice change from your typical Vegas eatery.
5	Came here with about 12 lady friends for brunch. We were seated in such a nice spot. It over looked this pretty little lake.I ordered a Cobb salad that was one of the best salads ever. I split an order of crab cakes that were also pretty fantastic.The highlight was the endless glasses of bubbly. I had a splash of peach added into mine & they were going down way to easy!  Can't wait to come back here again.
3	Food, drinks and scenery are great. However, service is horrendous. My friends and I came here for bottomless drinks and we got cut off by the waiter for no apparent reason. He dropped off the check without asking if we needed anything further. To make matters worse, we asked for another round of drinks. His response, "no more drinks after I drop off the check"....first off, we NEVER asked for the check. Secondly, you suck. Point blank. Oh, forgot to add that I hid the check, purposely. The waiter had the audacity to ask if we "misplaced" the check. As if! Did I forget to mention that they ran out of tabasco?!?? um, how are you going to serve bloody mary's w/out tabasco for the spicyness??!?!??! I'm done with this spot.
5	5 stars easy!One of the best pork chops I have ever had in my life.  Double cut (meaning it's the double the thickness of a normal pork chop.  Literally a baseball size of meat on that platter that I could have inhaled in 2 minutes because it was so juicy.  Waitress recommended it when I asked what her favorite meat dish was. (Baseball was the best analogy I could think of)I also had a friend's shrimp fettuccine.  Al dente amazingness.Desert is also a star... the 25 minute bread pudding is delicious, and also has a really hot temperature when it is served out of the oven.  So if you're an impatient child like me, you have to wait even longer than 25 minutes to eat it.  It's more like a 30 minute bread pudding, but delicious none the less!One of Vegas' gems.  Romantic, lake view.  A nice breath of fresh air off the strip to have a nice date.  I would love to meet Mr Garfield one day and have a man date with him and eat pork chops with him.
5	Loved the atmosphere, will def be back. :)
4	Had a very nice meal here with friends who live in the area.This place is very romantic with a nice view of the man made lake just a few feet away.I had grouper which was excellent.  It came with a little calamari and shimp in a delicious sauce that I soaked up with the great bread.  We also had the artichoke appetizer that was very good.The only negative was that we ordered the most inexpensive white wine $26 and the waiter came back a few minutes later to say that they were out.  The next least expensive was around $45.00  I think that this could have been avoided or I hope was not intentional.I think that the $$ should be changed to at the very least, $$$ since our bill for 4 came to $285.00 with tip.  I have no problem with the cost since the meal was supurb.
2	The first time I went to Garfield's with my boyfriend the experience was deplorable. I won't go into detail here because the manager came to speak to us and more than made up for the experience. He gave us a gift card to return to the restaurant to give it a second chance and so we did.The second time, not much better. We sat near the window because it was too cold to sit outside on their beautiful patio. Our server was friendly enough, but didn't really go out of her way to make herself memorable. The first thing that bothered us was that we went when drinks were 2 for 1, which is their happy hour special, and we didn't even see the sign on the table that let us know until after we ordered our drinks. We thought the server would have told us, seeing as how we still had 1 hour left of happy hour. It wasn't until we brought it to her attention that she gave us the Happy Hour drink prices. This restaurant brings to mind a philosophy I strong believe in, which is that good service is more important than good food. The manager was nice the first time we went in and because of him we returned. This time, it's highly unlikely that we will return for dinner. I do have to say the food was good. It's a bit pricier than I'd normally pay, but the quality makes it worth the price. I had the crab cakes and they were delicious. My boyfriend had the steak and it came with asparagus and mashed potatoes. Both dishes were very yummy and the steak was cooked properly, which was a plus.Note: I do want to return during brunch over the weekend because there is an open Bloody Mary bar and I just love me some Bloody Mary's!
5	On the water, beautiful live music and great food.
3	Mediocre food, but the outdoor seating is great on a lovely spring day. They also have bottomless mimosas, bellinis and bloody mary's for brunch.
4	I have been there twice now and both times were fantastic. The food is the best I have eaten in Las Vegas. I haven't had any issues with the wait staff. It was a slower Tuesday (?) evening and everyone was friendly and attentive. I am having my wedding reception here in May so they thought I wanted free food??  The female manager wasn't the nicest but I didn't really pay any attention to her. Live music was playing and the setting was very romantic. The crab cakes are simply fantastic. My fiance and I both loved our meals. No complaints here! Yes, it is more expensive than the average meal in Las Vegas. Dinner for 2 was over $150.
1	These people act like they have their s--- together, but they do not.  I made a Sunday brunch reservation to celebrate my mom's birthday.  They were wonderful on the phone when making the reservation and wonderful again when we arrived, pleasantly wishing my mom a happy birthday as we were being seated without being prompted.  Unfortunately, that was the last good thing to happen.  We had been waiting about 20 minutes without a server ever coming to our table, so I got up and told the hostess.  She was apologetic and said she would have someone right there.  We sat another 5 minutes with no server contact and decided we would leave.  Right before we got up, a waiter who was taking an order at another table near us leaned over and said he'd be over in just a minute.  We did not wait. I was so embarrassed!  We left and went to Marche Baccus which was not great either (separate review).  Sorry Mom.
1	One of the worst nights of our lives.  We went expecting a nice 4 course Wine Paring Event and got a chaotic time with long, long waits, extremely small portions, poor main course quality and limited wine.  We asked for a second roll and were told "No".  Then others got one.  We were poured VERY small glasses of wine and then saw others get a second. The entree, Chicken Mole was three paper-thin slices of overcooked chicken - and this is what they choose to serve us when they advertized themselves as a seafood restaurant.  Finally, they forced an 18% tip on twice the amount we paid for the event.  This was definitely not the way to get us to come back.  In fact, my recommendation is to run from this restaurant and try ANYWHERE else.
2	Came here with two other people for wine and food pairing purchased through Living Social.  To cut to the chase...we had to share a table, waited over 30 minutes for the first pairing.  The wine given was barely 2 sips.  The food was mediocre, the wine same (Kendall Jackson) and the zinfandel with the desert was vinegar and we did not drink it.To make things worst, they charged us a huge mandatory gratuity and tax.  Lousy service, poorly executed event and overpriced for what we received.  No thanks, not coming back.
2	I totally agree with those who review the Living Social coupon Wine Pairing dinner.  Food was mediocre at best, wine the same, and we were there for over 3 hours for a 4 course dinner.  Servings were more like sample-sized, not full courses.  I have been to Garfields many times, and it has been one of my favorite places, and I will probably go back again, but never to one of these "special" dinners.  An 18% gratuity on $60 for which we paid $30 (still overpriced for what we got) just added pain to an already painful evening.I was there for lunch a couple of weeks ago, and the lunch menu has changed a lot.  Some of the more special items were no longer available, and it was much more ordinary than in the past.  Their French pizza, one of my favs., was no longer available.  Too bad.
4	It's got a beautiful view, but well-enclosed (in the summertime, mosquitoes are a problem at Marche Bacchus in the same shopping center).  The french chef offers unique perspectives on other cooking styles.  Burgers, fish dishes and salads all have interesting twists.  I've been here for dinner and it's a very nice place for a family outing.  Service is efficient and friendly.  I'd feel very comfortable having a group of 6-10 here.  Lunch is also a good time here.  It's more mellow, and I've used it many times for business lunches.  The tables are large enough for papers and not so close together than you can hear the other tables' conversation.  It's not a 5-star restaurant, but it's never a disappointment.  4-stars all the way.
4	I enjoyed the atmosphere. The music. I enjoyed my friends Cheese burger and fries. DID NOT LIKE my La Scala Salad... rabbit food. Everything else was great. Note to self: Next time order the Cobb Salad.
3	to start the la scalla salad is the best salad i ever had. the portion in my opinion has been getting smaller and smaller i ordered 1 appetizer and cup of soup yesterday they came after my salad????? soup was lentil so so at best, didn't clean the table we sat outside ordered 2 full salads they were smaller than the salad couple next 2 us shared???? they also go a cleaned table as they sat??? sad to review so low but...
3	We were there last Friday night with business clients. The service was very good, and the food was delicious. I'm giving them only 3 stars because they had a band playing inside the restaurant, and it was so noisy and loud that we had to yell to our guests in order to be heard. I asked  the waiter to see if he could have the volume be turned down, but I don't think they turned it down.  We were seated indoors by the patio,  because it was hot to sit outside.  After 2 hours, we moved to an outdoor table where we could hear other talk.
1	Pros: The view.  Fancy paper towels in the washroom.  The servers, in general, seem to care and try hard.Cons:  Basically . . . everything else.  The management (especially the general manager, in particular, who seems to fancy himself some sort of bargain-basement Vin Diesel clone. Seriously - the pseudo tough-guy act belongs in the gym, not directed at customers in your restaurant), the menu selections, and a Monday Night Football event that is now so limp and neutered that John Bobbitt should be the spokesperson.In a town that offers soooo many excellent choices, there's absolutely no reason to settle for Garfield's Amateur Night.  Save yourself time and frustration and take your business elsewhere.
5	Picture sitting by the lake, the air is still and quiet except for a crisp cool breeze lapping at your face.  Ice tea in your hand, fresh rolls in a basket and a piping hot bowl of the best mushroom soup you will taste.  That was my lunch today.  I had forgotten how relaxing it is by lakes, you almost forget you live in a desert.  The soup was sensational (and a good thing too because the waiter put himself out there by promising it would be awesome.) and the calamari was uniquely battered.  The burgers were really good, better than expected from a general restaurant.  The atmosphere really puts this place over the top though.
1	I went to Garfield's for Sunday brunch. All signs pointed to a delightful Sunday brunch with a view of the lake. But don't let the lake view fool you. This place was pretty bad. The service was very slow and inaccurate. And on top of that, the food wasn't all that great either. I ordered a chopped salad. Simple. You can't screw that up right? It was the saddest salad I have ever seen. My fellow diners actually teased me about it. It was a small portion of 99% iceberg lettuce. There was literally only a couple pieces of tomato that were the size of a peppercorn. Also, there was a light sprinkling of ham. It was completely underwhelming. I've seen side salads at mcdonalds that looked and tasted better. One person at our table ordered French toast, which comes with berries. The order arrived with no fruit whatsoever. We notified one person who told us they gave us someone else's order, but he'd bring out fruit. A couple people had finished their meals when we notified a 2nd person of the missing fruit who also said he'd bring it. The person eating the French toast slowed down to wait for the fruit. By the time the fruit came everyone was done with their meals and the French toast was now cold and 3/4 eaten. Yum. In a nutshell: Plain food with poor service. Go somewhere else.
1	This is my first negative review.  We went here for a date night.  The hostess sat us at a table with a nice view on the patio. She didn't seem to care for her job.   She didn't even look at us the whole time.  But that wasn't a big problem.  She's young and probably has her mind somewhere else.  So 15-20 minutes went by and no one came to our table at all.  So we left.  As we were walking out one of the servers asked if anything was wrong.  We said, "we are leaving, no one even knows we are here". He didn't apologize or try to get us to stay. All he said was "okay."  His response is what persuaded me to leave my first negative review.  To make it worse, we live in Southern Highlands so it wasn't a short drive.  On a bright side, we ended up having dinner somewhere else and had a good date night.
1	What a waste if a great view.   Was here for a craft show and got a $10 gift card for food so thought I would try the food.   All I can say was thank god it was free. First wait staff cute but dumb as rocks.   How can u mess up taking an order for a rueban sandwich twice!!!!   Second meat was tough and chewy.  Bread soggy and fries limp and mushy.   Again thank god it was free.     The only way I would recommend this place is they got new wait staff and new cooks.   Such a shame cuz the location has such potential.
3	Wonderful Restaurant and love to eat outside when weather permitting. Two waiters Tom and Daniel are exceptional. The food is very good, not great they often have entertainment and special events like wine tasting.  One group The Wedge brothers are loud, we avoid nights they are there as the noise is a little too much with dinner.  All in all a great dining experience!
1	*This review was actually written last year, but wasn't posted until I resent my confirmation email. There may be new menu items/ chef / staff/ products used since then. Man I hope so.*As I was sitting down to eat my snack of a frozen microwave dinner, that old familiar smell of the cardboard box they come in sent me back to the crab cakes I had here at Garfield's & I decided to finally open up my Yelp account.Yep, this place was so disappointing & bad that I had to share.This was my BDay brunch. I went for the lakeside seating & $10 bottomless mimosas & Bellinis with my husband.We were seated quickly 5 minutes after someone walked up to the hostess booth, said "HI" & "just a moment", then walked away, we were then seated by, I assume, the MGR.We then sat there for at least 15 minutes before our server even came out. We had plenty of time to choose, so we ordered, including drinks.Our drinks finally arrived with the bread. They were good. We sat, chatted more, enjoying the time to ourselves, but getting hungry & our drinks were done. So, wanting a cigarette, I got up, found our server to let him know we ready for our 2nd round of the same. They came right after I came back to sit.Finally our food arrived. I had crab cakes & Eggs Beni Florentine. The crab cakes were atrocious. Tiny & with the very obvious aftertaste of a frozen cardboard box that had been sitting out to defrost. The accompanying sauce may have been made in-house though. My Benedict was nothing to write home about. My husband got steak & eggs, and it too had a weird aftertaste. So much so that I'm very thankful we didn't both get food poisoning. It was that weird & not right.Our 2 hour brunch that we planned turned into 3&1/2 since the service was so dreadfully slow, we decided to stay, enjoy the weather & the view & milk our $10 bottomless mimosas... keep 'em coming! The quality of the food made me wonder what was going on in the pantry/freezer of the kitchen (I guess I watch too much Kitchen Nightmares).I will never go back here & have Unliked their Facebook page & also posted on FB to my friends to never go there.Waste of money & a birthday brunch. I should have gone to Eat. Downtown.
4	This is the worse place to have any event  we went for wedding on 12/10  /13 it was so cold  service was the worst  this place is a  low class do not book anything there the lady who run the event I wold not let her clean my house .
4	Excellent service & great food. If I were planning a date night in the spring or summer I'd go here
1	***Before I post... I'd like to point out that "somehow" a bunch of one and two star bad reviews from the wine pairing night seem to have disappeared from the page... I wonder why that is...***My boyfriend and I were given a living social deal from a friend for a date night here. It was a 4 course prix fixe wine pairing dinner. The deal was $30/person for the normally ~$60/person meal. TERRIBLE! First course was salmon tar tar with croutons. Actually decent, but the size of a silver dollar. Second course was scallops with basil rice. Our table got very small scallops compared to what everyone else got. Ours where a little larger than a gold dollar. My boys were cooked perfect, mine were rubbery and overdone. Rice was good, but again, super small portions. Maybe a half cup of rice. Third course was chicken. Finally a big plate, right? Wrong. For thin slices of dry chicken over a mediocre mole with Mexican rice. Bland. Still hungry. Here comes the forth course! Yummy dessert time! Except that the raspberry mouse was unpalatable. I ate one bite. Did I mention this was a wine pairing? The wines were overall acceptable, but were not well paired with the meals. And to top it off, we were handed a bill at the end that included not only 18% gratuity, which of course we expected to pay, but over $10 tax on what was supposed to be a prepaid meal. Needless to say, we're unimpressed and will not be returning. We ended up needing to eat when we got home because we were still hungry. Oh, and did I mention that this 4 course dinner took over two and a half hours?!
1	I will NEVER dine here again- if it ever opens up again. Made a reservation on Open Table on March 27, three weeks prior, for Easter Sunday and they were locked shut! I couldn't believe it! I figured if one is allowed to make a reservation on Open Table, the place is open for business. Not the case my friends. When we arrived today for Easter Dinner, there was a hand written note on the door that said "closed". Our Easter meal was close to ruined, but luckily Ember's was available to accommodate us on such short notice, thank God. Shame on you Garfield's! I will never dine at a place that doesn't have the decency to call its patrons in advance, especially on a holiday, if the reservations can't be honored. That is, If you ever open again. With such poor customer service I doubt a re-opening will ever occur. Who would want to risk putting up with this place. Boo!
1	This place is closed down , closed down, closed down. Please don't waste your time, it is closed down ...
5	This place left a lasting impression as the definition of fine dining. Delicious food, great ambience, a beautiful view, and a five star staff leave me recommending Garfield's over and over again to anyone looking for a great dining experience in the Summerlin/Las Vegas area.
4	UPDATE: 11/28/14 -- Garfield's is CLOSED for good. -- We ate there last Thanksgiving 2013. Not sure how to change DATE on my reviews. Sorry. Great tasting food, excellent service. Spent Thanksgiving here one year on the beautiful patio. It's great place for locals and out-of-town guests with view of water.
