4	This placed opened this fall, and I was so happy to have a garden store close to my home!  Even better - they sell stuff stuff like liquid kelp, neem oil, and red worms that I haven't found at other nurseries.  They also have a huge selection of organic seeds and offer a small selection of organic veggie starts.One problem I had in the warmer weather is that every time I visited, I got a minimum of one mosquito bite.  Now I play it safe and always wear jeans when I go.My only bad experience was the second time I purchased red worms from them.  I got home and opened the box to find they had all died and started rotting. :(  I returned them the next day and haven't gotten anymore since.  They really need to pay attention to the worms and lady bugs they're selling to make sure they get used before they croak.  If they're not going to sell them, they could at least release them so they have a fighting chance at survival.
5	I could probably go to Summerwinds as often as I go to the grocery store. Luckily, I don't have enough space in my apartment or on my patio for all those plants (although, I'm currently reconsidering a lot of tables in my living room). Summerwinds has a great selection of plants and supplies. When I first walked in, I didn't see the outdoor portion in the back, so I was a little worried. But there is a back area. It's bigger than the indoor area and there are so many wonderful plants to choose from. Arizona natives, tropical, citrus, vegetable, annuals . . . it's such a happy place for a gardener. Even a relatively new-to-the-game gardener like myself. And the plants are healthy! Sometimes the gardening sections of stores are so depressing because the plants have clearly been without love and care for way too long. The plants at Summerwinds are the opposite of this. They are healthy, they are fresh, and they are well-cared for, ready to be planted at a happy home. What is especially fantastic is that the staff really know their stuff; their advise has kept my plants alive and thriving so far. I love Summerwinds!
5	Such nice people -- all whom I met.  Carrie especially.  Good selection of healthy plants, OK parking, convenient to SR51.   A nice experience -- especially after the cold shoulder that Willfill manages to show time and again.
4	I really do like this place. It's not Baker's, but seriously a close second. The plants feel a little more big box than Baker's which is why it doesn't get another star, but the space and other offerings are fabulous.In addition, the staff is super friendly and they offer little things that make their service stand out. For example, they have these lovely little rolls of heavy gauge plastic to line your trunk or seats with, to prevent soil from getting everywhere. They have these super convenient carts that have a pivoting top shelp, which makes buying tall things really easy.They have one of the nicest selections of glazed pots around. I'm already finding this to be a little bit of a problem, since I have now decided that I need to change out all of mine because the ones I bought are so darn pretty and colorful.Parking can be a little iffy, when crowds overflow from the neighboring businesses. I was intrigued at how a nursery could set up a workable space at the end of a strip mall, but they did a nice job.This has replaced the big box shops for when I need something quick and I have a feeling that they will be seeing a lot more of me in the spring.
4	Ok, so I'm slowly becoming a gardener.  Over the past year or so, I've learned quite a few things, killed a few plants, and really learned a bit about growing stuff in Arizona.  When I moved into this apartment, I wanted a nice garden with some plants on the patio because I actually have the space.  Plus, being on the ground floor it adds to the privacy of people seeing in my apartment. This nursery isn't huge, but its plentiful on its stock.  The items that I have purchased from here have been hardy, lived through an Arizona summer and are big as can be.  Prices are fair, and most have lived. If they haven't lived, its probably because I killed them, or the heat did them in.  Prices are great, and let me tell you, they have a little bit of everything here!They also have an email program that you can sign up for at the register and you get regular emails about sales, classes and other things going on at the nursery on a semi regular basis.  You also earn points when purchasing things here that can go towards discounts when you hit a certain amount. I like that! Frequent shopper points!The only thing that makes me dock them a star is the service.  The first two times I went here, the same lady waited on me, and she was kind of rude and gave me misinformation.  She would totally blow me off, ignore me, wait on other people even though she said she'd be back in a moment and treat me like a complete idiot. If I was to have reviewed this location on her alone, I would have given this store negative stars.  Since then, I really haven't seen the lady, and the service has been fine overall. Everyone else seems to know what they are doing, give good information and are friendly.  Prices are great, place is well stocked and there's a little bit of something for everyone here.
5	I came here to get plants and pottery for the patio planter garden I've been planning. The array of herbs, fruiting trees, annuals, and perennials is impressive, and the layout of the whole establishment makes it a pleasure to walk around and browse the plants and garden decor. There is also a classroom for gardening classes and demonstrations. The staff members are very knowledgeable and were very willing to give me helpful tips and suggestions and guide me on plant care and soil and nutrient mixtures specific to my relatively shady patio.
3	This place is gorgeous and a great addition to the strip mall on the corner of 16th street and Bethany Home.  The selection is fantastic and it actually feels like a small botanical garden!  While I really like this place... Their prices are pretty steep.  I'm worried that they may be pricing themselves out of business.  However, they do have some unique items for patios and gardens that are pretty cool.
5	great place with quality products. i have bout grass seed for my yard and i have done my neighbors and they come out great and thick green
1	Staff is friendly but doesn't know plants. Education @ cashier probably equivalent grocery clerk. (they were the ones who 'showed' me the peace lily. I purchased the peace lily and repotted at home. Odd, now that I've bought a few peace lilies...none of Summerwinds were blooming.... I think odd.I wanted a flowering plant for house; depend of nursery to sell correct plant.The plant I purchased (over-priced compared to Lowes) is NOT a peace lily. It's thriving; however, different from peace lilies I subsequently purchased at more reliable stores. It is some quiescient type of green foliage. Maybe kindasorta has the peace lily stem; however, I expect the nursery ladies to sell exactly what I wanted. They must not know a peace lily from another, nonflowering, leafy green plant or lettuce. Since I tried Lowes in Tempe, I think I found much better nursery. Prices are much better and plants labeled accurately....Baker is always good; however, quite a drive.I would return this plant; however, I live too far south to make the drive. Never go back.
