3	On the "outside" one may view me as a little refined, perhaps a little "prissy" so you may be surprised to see someone of my sensibilities reviewing a bowling alley. Let me share a story.One summer between like my sophomore and junior year in college, I was visiting my Mamaw. She's an avid bowler and was ranked in a senior league in Dallas. Naturally we went bowling.I finished my first set at 97 or 100. I kid you not, I heard my grandmother apologizing to her friends for my performance. In that grandmother whisper, I heard her say, "You know, she's in college, she doesn't have a lot of time to practice."To the review- this place was a little worn around the edges. The house balls for extreme bowling were pretty cut up, lots of rap music, and a nice friendly crowd.
4	I hardly ever go bowling... We decided to go after a late business meeting and I am so glad we did! I forgot how fun it can be. The space here seems to be recently remodeled, new and the bar is huge. They have great specials during the week, making this a very affordable place to have some fun! The bathrooms were clean, all the equipment worked perfectly. There were leagues and families having a great time. The beer was cold and the staff was friendly. What more could you ask for?? I just wish they could rig the system to give me a higher score...I am so much better on the Wii...
4	I've been bowling in leagues here for 5 years. The staff is very friendly and fun. The place is always nice and clean. It's a great place to go for league bowling and kids birthday parties. I like the fact that it is not like a huge Brunswick Zone or Dave & Busters. It's a bowling alley 1st and foremost. They have stuff for kids like basketball, pool tables and an arcade but that's not the focus. Go there, chucks some balls and knock down 10 rednecks!
4	Decent little bowling spot. The front desk girl was pretty attentive.
3	It's a little older bowling alley but it's clean and the staff is very nice! Great for families!
1	Old and run down.
1	The staff is rude and not helpful. First incident of rudeness happened when we were ready to play pool. The white ball and one other were missing. Old lady at the bar said that they keep one ball at the bar to prevent it from stealing. The manager rudely threw that ball on the table, that how much he cared about his customers. The other missing ball was never given to us, as well as the apologies.Then, when we moved to bowling, our lane wasn't registering scores. My friend asked for the lane 13 and occupied the table in front of it. But the manager assigned us line 14 which made the game not enjoyable since we were on the way of other customers who arrived promptly. They were kind enough to exchange tables.Loaded fries had terrible sauce and were unattractively soft. I had never eaten in bowling alleys before, so this experience will keep me away from such attempts for a long time.Women's restroom had very strong urine odor coming from the sinks. Sinks had dark sand and residue of dirty waters in them. This scene completed the disgusting atmosphere of AMF in Chandler.
2	I have heard from many different people that their bowling balls have been noticeably scratched up from these lanes and heard it again last night. No oil on the lanes. My Son is trying to get better but his ball kept hooking due to no oil. I could hear the lane ball I used clunking down the lane due to all its dents. The 2 dollar Tuesdays beer was an 8oz cup. The lady at the counter wreaked of cigarettes. The staff in general were friendly however. Over all, the place is a bit trailer park. If you care about your score, avoid this place.
5	Its been a while since I've been here and was presently surprised. Its been remodeled and under new management. I had my son's birthday party here. The manager Mike M. took great care of us.  We ordered 4 pizzas and I was surprised how fast they arrived. The kids and adults all enjoyed the pizza's and had a great time bowling. Great environment for family fun. All the parents commented on what a fun kids party it was. With me customer service goes a long ways and AMF delivered. I will definitely be back.
