5	Now while i have only attended church service there a couple of times...this location has one of it not the best fireworks show in the valley here in AZ. I will definitely be making this annual trip to this locale to see this fantastic spectacle of a lights and colors...it was in a word FABULOUS. I posted some pics of the fireworks extravaganza...please check them out. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!
4	I like attending service here, even though I am not a member here. Services are prompt and average about 1.5 hours and there is always a friendly face greeting you at the door.
4	This is a large church, so if you're looking to come in and not be noticed you'll be fine.  The music is loud, but fairly well mixed.  I personally think the vocals are hard to pick out.  It's more moddern type worship and suites the younger crowd very well.  Older individuals may not feel very comfortable during the music, but the sermons are excellent, challenging, and will speak to all types of people.  If you're in the area, give it a try.
1	Not so much a church as a HUGE THEATER.  The few "services" I have been to have always followed the same basic style:  SINGING, More Singing, a very long sermon, more singing, a collection, a baptism or two, more singing, and an altar call.  It all seemed so well rehearsed.  Maybe it's because I was brought up in a Catholic environment, but I found the size not very conductive to effective worship.  No one really gets to know anyone.  This "church" is not for me.
5	I've been attending for over 25 years and I can honestly say they have a huge heart for people and their community. From the top down, they are always looking for ways to serve. Although it's a big church they have friendly greeters, first time visitor parking and a lot of small group activities and classes so you can get to know others and become connected.  And because of the size, they are able to team up to do incredible things like their annual Christmas production, Fourth of July fireworks show, Thanksgiving turkey give-away and much more. With over 250 ministries, there is definitely something for everyone.
5	Can you say BEST CHURCH EVER? When you come here... You become family. It may be a big church but, it makes it all the better. The barnetts are simply amazing. Groups are amazing. I love it so much! A great part is they offer free day care during service so I have something to do with my toddler while I worship! I love PFA!
5	We have been going to this Church now for a year and a half. They have a Wonderful Children's Program, which is very important to us!They have 2 wonderful Pastors, great Music Department and Drama Department and you can get free counceling at this Church from some wonderful Christian Councelors!They have the Best Christmas Pagent in the USA hands down. With "Live" animals including sheep, camels, elephant and also have Angels flying in the air above you! Pretty Awesome!!! Come see us on Sunday mornings, Sunday evenings or Wednesday evenings, or just come early in the morning to work out and get in shape!
5	Sunrise Easter service was great. Music and message was wonderful. Followed by a tasty brunch and then the 9am The Bridge was fantastic. Stage was colorful with 100s of flowers. Message was good, and felt very alive on departure...will have to come by again other than this and the fantastic Christmas program they put on.
5	The scenery and the mountains around the church is nostalgic! Being from a different part of the country, the backdrop isn't something that I see often and I was in awe. Several people greeted us and shook our hands, giving this mega church a personable feel. The worship and the service were both amazing too. If I were a nearby resident, I would attend services and small groups regularly.
5	Had my high school graduation here. Parking lot is huge. Bathrooms were super clean. Great place for a graduation. Overall really nice clean and in a good area. Kind of hard to find if you don't know where your going though.
5	Massive church campus, could get lost, had a friendly smiling guy Gabriel(security) on a Golf cart who directed me... to the evening service other wise I would have been lost! I visited here for the first time, for their Sunday evening service... it was a Youth focused service, which was pretty cool. met Pastor Ben (guess he was the Youth pastor) briefly during the meet & greet! Incidentally it was Pastor Ben's birthday the day I visited...very cool!!
5	I have been going to the Christmas performance at Phoenix first since I have 10 years ago.  It is an amazing show and it is difference every year.  It is definitely something I always look forward to every Christmas.  This year they did a Christmas Express show and it was pretty amazing.  Looking forward to seeing what they do next year for the Christmas performance.
4	Such a comfortable church.  It's a large church, but not a mega-mega church like CCV. Very friendly members and staff.  Singing is incredible!  They have entertaining programs and I just love the causes they give to.
2	Meh!!  Wish the people were nicer
1	Took the kids here for bible school they were fed rotten food had to beg for water treated my kids like CRAP left them in the hot sun for 30 min it was summer are yall serious? because we weren't apart of the church. The volunteer s were not representing God. Check yourself before u do work in name of Jesus. There was no love here :(
1	Assembly of God churches are wrong on salvation. No matter how entertaining the music is, nobody should go there and be deceived by false teaching.
5	I love Phoenix First! From the first service I attended I felt welcomed. I attended for about a month before I got involved. If you plug in to a group or begin helping, you will feel better connected in such a large church. My kids love it too! I have 4 that got involved in the Wednesday night programs. They are such a blessing. For a while, I sat in the same section and got to know some people that way. Once I was comfortable, I moved around a bit and met others. I became a Missionette sponsor many years ago. Met some really great volunteers and parents that way too. If you want a home church with many ministry outreaches, this is the place for you. They have over 200 ministries!Now, about the negative comments, AG is biblically based. Pastor Barnett preaches straight from the Bible. He is not a wealthy preacher with a mansion and lots of cars and a plane. He is not a 'name it and claim it' preacher. He does not preach to tickle your ears and make you feel good. I began Phx 1st when Pastor Tommy was preaching and Pastor Luke was just starting out in LA. I remember Pastor Leo and is purple suit (may he rest in peace). All of the pastors are fantastic.I do not know of anytime a child would be denied water in the summer in Phx. Please. She wrote her review in Nov.Personally, I read the reviews. Positive and negative unless there are too many. I want to know something or someone before I go or do.If you have made it through my whole review, thank you. Bottom line, you will love the move of the spirit at Phx 1st and you will love the church too. God bless!
