5	I tried them on their first day and while they were still working the kinks out I could tell after I tasted the Prime Rib sandwich and Tots I knew that this would be a truck I'd be visiting for a long time. The food was great! The only thing I could say that wasn't was that the rolls would be a little better if they were the ones with the hard crust but the Prime Rib was incredible. Chef Street Bistro is worth the trip and the wait and while you're waiting you should check out how well the truck turned out. It's fantastic as well.
5	If you like blue cheese you have to try the frenchie! It's the most heavenly sandwich on earth. Second favorite is the Oscar, kind if reminds me of dinner and dessert at the same time... Both have amazing sauces and flavor. Tater tots are to die for. Definitely top your tots!!!! Low country!!! Amazing!
5	At Triple C brewery before the ACC Championship game...this was the perfect pre-game dinner!! Absolutely loved the hot dog wrapped in bacon topped with pimiento cheese and grilled onions. Great idea putting it in a pretzel roll. All I can say is WOW!! The tots were amazing too! Looking forward to meeting up again with Chef Street Bistro to try some of the other delicious looking items on the menu.
5	This is a food truck and they are pretty popular. They are not in the same place everyday so if you ever need to find them or want to know when they will be near you follow them on face book. That's what I do :) With new daily specials you really cant go wrong here. Oh and they are the tot kings. They bring tater tots to a whole new level. Loaded tots with creme, well just heavenly. Tater tots with chez wiz, chives, bacon, and sour cream. I forgot how much I loved tater tots as a kid. Now I can experience the adult version only Chef Street Bistro can give.So if you happen to see this food truck  suggest stopping, even if you are not fully hungry. It will be well worth it, even if you only get the adult tater tots.
5	This is another great food truck you need to find.They were at Triple C Brewery last Saturday.  Previously, I  talked to Johnathan about their Cubans I figured I give it a try.I have lived in Tampa, Fl in my past and I have I never really like a Cuban sandwich until I tried Johnathan's. The pork/ham mixed in the cheese pickles and other spices made for a great tasting sandwich that I will ask for again. This Saturday, I came a little later and they were out of Cubans, so I got a Prime Rib with Au-juice. It was awesome with the caramelized onions, mushrooms and other seasonings.Thanks for being at Triple C!
3	A solid 3.5 . This is really tough because I LOVED their Buffalo Tater Tots, and I wish I had an entire basket of those bad boys. They were also very friendly folks ...butI also tried the Prime Rib Au Jus sandwich which was suppose to have melted swiss, onions, and mushrooms but I couldn't taste or detect any of the veggies or sadly even the cheese. All I could make out was chopped meat and it was dry. The Au jus it came with was tasty and did combat the dryness a litle bit, but I was really hoping for some melty cheesy-goodness.I would give them another shot because those tots are pretty incredible, and based on all of the great ratings maybe they just had an off-day.
3	Good food...but terrible SLOW service.  This food truck comes to my business park and I've gotten lunch from here numerous times.  The food is good.  I recommend any of the loaded tots and the bacon wrapped hot dog.  I think the sandwiches have too much bread and not enough meat, others enjoy them, this just my opinion.  For a food truck they are awfully slow with constant excuses. They are regularly late and out of certain components. Plan to wait at least 20 mins for your food, even if you are first in line.  Today we waited almost 40 mins because one of the fryers wasn't heating up. By the time I got back to the office, my lunch hour was over. Sometimes they can't accept credit cards, sometimes they don't have change for $20.  I really wish this truck would get their act together. Like I said, the food is good, I've been numerous times but there is always some kind of issue.
