4	Very nice location! Much better now than before the complete remodel.
4	I was really impressed with this Walgreens!  I went out of my way to go there because it is the closest location to me with a take care clinic inside.  The entire store is newly remodeled. The shelves are all back lit.  The pharmacy and the clinic have monitors to show you queue of people waiting for service.  This way you know if they are working on your script or it will show you when it is done and ready to be picked up.  The monitor for the clinic shows the estimated wait time.  There is also a section with deli foods and snacks that looked fresh and healthy.  The only problem is that the wait between being seen at the clinic an getting the script filled was VERY long.  I've also been to a CVS minute clinic and they put the scripts from the clinic ahead of everyone else as a courtesy.  I wish Walgreens would learn to adopt this policy.
5	Been bringing my Dad here for years...never knew til last night that there was a Drive through. What a mice service for those with mobility issues.
5	The Walgreens I've always dreamed of... Lol.. Ever since They did a remodel this place is excellent!! It's the Costco of Walgreens. There are aisles upon aisles of stuff and they're open 24 seven. Fresh food brought in daily like at QT. Photo products also 24/7. Friendly staff and Super clean store.. During regular hours there is also a take care clinic. Nice!!!
1	I have never been so frustrated!! I made the appointment online; I entered my insurance everything seemed to be good.... Got there 10mins early had to check in...all the same questions I answered online earlier, then I had to call to verify they took my insurance; was transferred 3 different times plus being on hold for 15mins (seems like an hour when u have 2 kids with you) to find out they don't take my insurance..... It isn't faster, defiantly not easier I find this place a waste of time and space!!  Got right in to next care and they took my insurance...
5	The pharmacy staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. They were able to work with my insurance to get my prescription filled when other pharmacies couldn't.
