5	This restaurant thoroughly deserves its Michelin star. The service is, as is to be expected, immaculate. The food delicious and different. Try the tasting menu to experience a range of taste treats and wonderful wines to accompany them.Skip the coffee though.
5	This is one of the only Michelin Star Restaurant in Edinburgh. It's located off the beaten track (or in other words, down at Leith) and is something quite special to Edinburgh. I quite like getting in a taxi and going down to Leith, it almost feels as if I'm in a different city altogether!The restaurant is funky, as my mum described it. It's nice, modern and clean, but maybe could do with a touch more excitement. But you don't go to a Michelin Star restaurant for the decor. The food was, as expected, delicious. The best part is there is always a good deal on to eat here, so you can get amazing food for next to nothing!I had lamb with vegetables in an orange sauce, which was YUMMY and my dad had steak, which he loved. It's a brilliant place to come to for a special occasion!
5	It would be a little ridiculous for me to review the food in this place. It's got a Michelin star, and, if the rumours are right, it's on the brink of another. So just accept the food is really incredible. In fact, it's more than food. It's art. Art you can eat. The very best kind of art. So instead of talking about the food, I'm going to talk about my experience of Restaurant Martin Wishart.First off, it was my 21st when I went. A big occasion. From the moment we arrived to the moment we left we were treated like royalty. The waiters (all men, all French) were attentive but not intrusive. When they weren't needed they sort of lurked in the shadows, then appeared out of nowhere ready to assist.We had the tasting menu with the matching wine menu to go with it, plus the supplementary cheese board coz we're greedy. Now it has to be said that this cost approximately the same as a small yacht, or 6 weeks in the Seychelles (that's hyperbole!), but it was really worth it. Our waiter talked us through all the wines, explaining why it matched. And when we'd finished they brought me a plate which had petit fours delicately arranged and 'Happy 21st Birthday' written in chocolate. A very, very special experience indeed.
4	OK this was one of the best places in Scotland we had in our tripl The artichoke soup was rich creamy with flavors of truffles and a great dish.  We had the tasting course and found it a pretty decent tastng menu.  There were about 2 stand out dishes like the soup and the rest were about a 7-8 which in our personal 1-10 rating is pretty respectable.  I would give this place about a 8 to 8.5 out of ten.  It was a solid performer but not yet at a French Laundry level but worth a visit if you are traveling to Scotland or for a special occasion.
5	As I live and breathe this was probably the greatest dining experience of my life.Other half took me on Friday night as a birthday treat, and my god a treat it was. From the moment you walk in the door you know you are somewhere special. Greeted at the door we need not even give them our name, based on the time and without any notes in site he greets us both by name....!With no hurry given to reviewing the menu we were instead given a beetroot macaroon with horseradish cream and asked if we wish to have an aperitif. Once that had arrived and we had begun to enjoy it and relax we were then presented with the menu, expertly explained by the waiter.For me it had to be the tasting menu, other half went for the shellfish tasting menu. We both had the wine pairing. What happened next I don't have words for:7 courses of the most exquisite cooking I have ever had the pleasure to witness. From the amuse bouche of 3 tasters including salsify, scallop and salmon mousse, to the scallop with pigs trotter puy lentils, duck with morels, ox tongue and potato.....it just kept coming! The wine with each course seemed to get better, some how not clahing against the last.At the end of the meal we were privileged enough to be taken on a tour of the kitchen. If this is was michelin dining is about....I want more of it.To say this place is JD Recommended is as big an understatement as can be made! :)
5	Dear Lord,When I die, if I go to heaven (and lets face it I've been good most of the time....) can it please be catered by Martin Wishart.KindestAmen.
5	One of the best meals I have ever eaten.  First of all, they have a vegetarian tasting menu.  The service is impeccable.  The food was incredible.  The place is expensive, but worth it. Don't miss this restaurant when you go to Edinburgh.
5	This is in my top five places I have ever eaten at. Should you choose to dine here you will most definitely not be disappointed. The food is expertly crafted down to the finest details.This restaurant truly captures the imagination and is not just a place to go eat a fancy meal, this is a place to have an experience.
5	Don't be scared of the Michelin Star or the formality of the dining room.  Service was friendly and the lunch prix fixe is an amazing deal.  the day we were there there was a mix of business lunches, a wedding party, a few dates and a few tourists.They were accommodating to my boyfriends gluten free requirement and the food was, needless to say, top notch.  What really impressed me was the wines I ordered.  One Borgogne white and a Bordeaux.  If I was at the end of my day and no the start, I would have been happy to drink more but alas, it was not to be.If you do order the foie gras terrine, be warned it is a VERY generous serving.  It would easily be enough for 2-3 and yes I ate the whole thing.
5	Best restaurant I've ever been to.Simply superb! I've been to the cook school twice also and have had the best time. Can't wait to go back. Thank you for a great experience
5	They deserve their Michelin star. We had a great lunch and the service was very good and friendly without going overboard. Why all their waiters are French I do not know but it does not matter as long as the service was as good as it was.
5	Experienced an extraordinary dinner for four. The food was superlative and I also very much enjoyed that while service was certainly just about perfect (to me that means thorough, knowledgable but unintrusive), there was a warmth and lack of stuffiness to it that is wanting in many Michelin-starred restaurants and was quite refreshing. We all very much enjoyed the chef's tasting with wine pairing and perhaps the best part came at the end when we all eagerly answered YES to whether we'd like cheese to finish our meal. The server (who wasn't French, btw, so not all of them are...) came by with the cheese cart and went over the varieties. He was clearly someone who was not only very knowledgable but really seems to love what he does. The four of us decided with him to make two plates, one mild cheeses, one stinky cheeses and wow every one of them was just incredible and went beautifully with the Champagne we ordered to finish the meal with. Would love to return...
