4	lived here for 1 year a while back and enjoyed it.  i liked the attached garages and custom options like paint color in the living room.  staff was average when it came to customer service.  good location down the road from chandler mall and the freeways.  felt safe in the gated community.
3	Currently living here now. Great spot to be. Close to down town chandler which is awesome. Mins away from the 101 and 2 miles away from the 202. Apartment is very nice. Our oven broke back in march and it got fixed in october I wasn't very happy it only got fixed because our dryer broke and they came in 4 days for that. So far other then that no complaints.
5	I moved into the greens about a month ago. I was a bit skeptical before moving in as I wasn't able to physically see the unit I was moving into. Though I was a bit afraid it wouldn't be as nice as the vacant unit I saw due to experiences with other complexes, I was very impressed!The greens feels more like a home than an apartment. The units have character, beautiful flooring, solid construction, and huge windows and ceilings. I can't even tell that I have neighbors...I don't hear anything from them which is awesome. The whole leasing process was pretty easy and everyone I worked with in the leasing office was fantastic. They also close the gates at 7 and it is somewhat of a high tech gate system so people don't just remember some code from years ago. It's very quiet no matter what time of day. Highly recommend living here!
1	Not impressed! Scheduled an emergency maintenance order; nothing happened after waiting 24 hours for it! Called reschedule- nothing! Asked couple things to be repaired when I moved in (like a hole in the door) and that never got fixed.  Pool was messy and had a broken hot tub! Grills outside were broken as well.Not good quality apartments but the only good thing about it is location.
1	If I could, I would give it 0 stars. Finally I am about to move out of this place next month and I couldn't be happier. The second story floor plan is horrible. You spend all your money trying to cool down the indoor stairway during the summer. There is one tiny vent in the living room that is supposed to cool down/heat up the entire dining room, living room and the giant stairway. You can't sleep at night because the traffic outside is so loud. I have never been to the pool area and been able to use a working hot tub. Thank goodness my dad lived at a Mark Taylor apartment down the street - their hot tub was always nice and hot!! The pool is just blah - I mean there is water in it but it is nothing to write home about. The staff in the leasing office seems like they are so accommodating, but that just isn't the case. Don't bother trying to call them because you will have to call 10 times to get someone to answer. You will think they are being so nice and friendly, and then the next thing you know they are making you feel like an idiot somehow. Good luck trying to get them to compromise on anything for you. They will just suck as muccchhhh money out of you as possible. This apartment complex just sucks. The appliances: terrible and so old. The grounds look terrible. The lighting outside - barely there. You don't feel very safe walking to your door from your car. Just trust me - I have been here a year thinking it would get better. I have been in plenty of apartments in different areas thinking Chandler would be worth it. But it isn't. It's. the. WORST.
1	I just want to warn everyone who might be renting at The Greens to READ YOUR LEASE as if you do not give a 60 day notice if you do not intend to renew your lease these people will charge you a huge chunk of money!!!   They will NOT work with you, listen to you, empathize with you, as it's all about the money and the fact that you did not read your lease.....they could care less.   They forced my daughter into signing her lease over email, did not ever sit down and review it with her and even though she gave them at least 45 days notice that she would not be renewing her lease, they could have cared less.  Just so you know.... you MUST give a 60 days notice or you are you know what out of luck!   Pretty poor!
2	I am still a current resident of The Greens.  I have lived there since 2008 and have gone through the ups and downs of living here.  The Greens does have its good points mostly the maintenance staff who are always friendly and generally do a good job trying to keep the place up and running....now on to the list of problems:Over the years due to storm damage or lack of proper care much of the greenery has been removed and not replaced, they took out several bushes in front of my apartment that where dying and never replaced them, it looks really barren.  I live in the back side of the community and the guest parking is nonexistent.  I complained to the CEO of Amico the parent company when they changed their parking rules a couple of years ago and all we got was one additional space which they have since removed.  They don't care that there is no spaces they just want to charge you additional money for a parking space and not provide for that fact that most people do have friends that stop by from time to time.  They need to have at least five additional guest parking spaces back there to make it livable.The appliances.  To be honest they have no right calling themselves luxury when the ovens are not self-cleaning, the fridges all sound like tractors (I have two friends who live here and they are all loud.) Basically they need to overhaul all the appliances to make it even close to what is going in the market at other places (I've started looking around).The first two sets of items that need to be fixed are not really huge expenses, adding back some greenery and addressing the parking on the North side of the property.  When someone doesn't take care of the inexpensive things you have a pretty good idea on how they will handle the bigger ticket items like the low quality appliances.Fixing the above adds value to your living experience at the Greens and I have addressed all of the above issues in several surveys that have sent out but to no avail.  Not expecting this to make a difference but potential renters should have an idea about what it's like and the likelihood of having any changes made for the better.
3	I really like my apartment but I wish the staff would remind people of how wood floors allow more noise to come though. Maybe send a newsletter out or remind people when they move in. I have never had such noisy neighbors before and I believe it's because of the wood floors. There is just no barrier. People should know this but I guess not.
1	What awful service! I went there to look at an apartment. The lady tossed me a key and a map and went back to what she was going (which was staring mindlessly at a computer screen). I stumble around looking for the apartment. When I finally found it, I knew it was the one. The apartment of my dreams. I've been looking for months! And this was it.So when I walk back to the leasing office to ask for an application she hands me my drivers license and proceeds to ignore me. I waited for like 5 minutes and this lady is completely dismissing me.I finally leave and I try calling the office back one last time to see what I can do to get in that apartment and they pick up the phone and hang up right away.I'm done.
