5	A fantastic Pittsburgh eatery. The portions are large. The steaks are fantastic, and the seafood is very fresh. A reservation is definitely required as this place packs them in.
3	I thought the food here to be a little on the bland side.  The paella I had just didn't do it for me and though the steak is just shy of being an entire cow I was still reaching for the salt.
5	Amazing! I went back to CMU recently with a bunch of friends and Mallorca was just as amazing as before. Portiions are huge. We had 9 people with 6 entrees, 2 appetizers, and 4 desserts, 3 pitchers of sangria and we were all stuffed....Special: 2 pound lobster tail stuffed with crab and shrimp - excellent - I thought they would over cook it but it was perfect and extremely juicy. We also had a special steak topped with gorgonzola cheese that was amazing (I think the steak was almost 2 pounds) - medium rare. The calamari stuffed with prosciutto was awesome. The sangria is great! It's not too strong or too sweet - but definitely will get you drunk.
3	Overrated.  Overpriced.  Didn't I say this for another restaurant?Mallorca is often rated as the best in Pittsburgh, but dear Pittsburghers, this is a chain.I came here with a friend, looking for a place to have a nice conversation.  Surprisingly, it was loud and busy.  We walked in without a reservation on a Saturday evening, but still got a table within 20 minutes.I had the seafood paella along with two appetizers and dessert.  My share came out to be $49 including tax and tip.  The paella was huge (it actually lasted for four extra meals without going bad).  The spicy chorizo was somewhat too much for an appetizer.  The flan was moist and good.Recommended for Spanish food, but the price and the accompanying noisy atmosphere doesn't get this establishment five stars.
4	The trip to the Mallorca finally happened last night.  After months of reschedules and cancellations, we walked in to the restaurant around 7:00 P.M. to a surprisingly empty crowd.  I had called ahead for seating and I would suggest you do the same as this was a rarity I'm sure.  I was very pleased with the service and ambiance, but the food left a bit to be desired.  Don't get me wrong, it was still good but it just did not live up to my expectations.  I give the Mallorca an overall score of 3.75 out of 5 Rinsems.More...Ambiance 3.75 out of 5 RinsemsUpon entering the Mallorca you immediately feel transported into a Spanish cafe surrounded by a feeling of warmth.  This is a white tablecloth restaurant where one can feel comfortable in a polo shirt or a full suit and tie.  My only complaint would have to be the layout of the restaurant.  While there were only 10-12 others there at the time, the room is rather cramped and I can see how it would be uncomfortable with many people placed in such quarters.  I am one who prefers a private area to dine when I am in an upscale establishment.  However, this again conveys the feel of a European cafe so it is understandable that this would be the chosen layout.Service 4.9 out of 5 RinsemsAfter entering the front door, we were met by the owner of the Mallorca who approached us with a smile and a handshake.  This began what would prove to be an excellent service experience from top to bottom.  I'm only docking the service down from a five for a very slight reason.  Upon viewing the extensive wine list, I asked our waiter to recommend a Carmenere and he looked upon the wine list as if it was the first time he had seen it.  While I realize that this wine is probably not one that is ordered very often, I would expect the waiter to have a general feel for the wine list.  However, on a positive note, he offered to ask the owner for his recommendation and came back with a fantastic bottle of wine for the evening.The rest of the evening continued the fantastic level of service as we were being attended to by our waiter and a combination of three bus boys who never let our glasses drop below half full.  I was quite impressed by the attentiveness of everyone involved in serving our table.  We never felt as if we were being overpowered by the wait staff, but somehow they were always right there when we needed them. Food 3.5 out of 5 RinsemsTo be honest, this is where the let down of the evening occurred.  Reid and I both ordered the Paella Valencia which we determined was a bit dry and the seafood proved to be rather rubbery and tough.  I will qualify this statement by saying I am no expert on paella, however, I would have expected a higher quality in the cooking of the seafood.  Nicki had the Pork Chops broiled in garlic sauce which she stated was good, but a bit on the cold side.  The winner of the night was C with the Cannelloni, stuffed with cheese, spinach and chicken.  This didn't shock me as it would be difficult to be unable to produce such a dish.The saving grace for the food score was the extensive wine list.  This consisted of roughly ten pages of high quality wines rarely seen in most Pittsburgh restaurants .  With an emphasis on Spanish and South American cuisine, one would expect a wine list heavy in wines produced in these regions, and the Mallorca's wine list did not disappoint.  They had an entire page dedicated to Carmenere's and Malbecs in addition to the standards you would expect to find in a fine restaurant.  I would ask that you actually take a look at trying one of these fine wines, and not stick with an American variety you are used to.  Take this experience to the full extent and live a little. Value 3 out of 5 RinsemsWith a final bill tallying in the low 200's, the Mallorca is not a place you plan on eating every week.  Keeping in mind that we enjoyed a bottle of wine in addition to after dinner drinks, this bill was significantly inflated from a standard dinner bill.  However, I stand by the belief that this is the only way to enjoy such a restaurant.  With an average entree in the $20 range, I am giving the Mallorca a 3 Rinsem rating. Overall Score of 3.75 out of 5 RinsemsThe Mallorca presented us with a great night out.  Even though the food was less than spectacular, the ambiance, wine and service made up for the lacking in the kitchen.  I realize that food should be the most important factor when dining out, however, in this case the food was definitely lifted up by the overall experience.  I would recommend the Mallorca to anyone who likes to enjoy a nice sit down meal with friends or perhaps a date.  This is the kind of meal where you sit back and relax over a bottle of wine and after dinner drinks.  I would recommend setting aside at least two hours to take in the experience.2228 E. Carson Street, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania412-488-1818
4	The paella was pretty good, defentaily had a nice variety of seafood plus a few meats. The best selection is the ostrich. Don't be scared it is delightful. The sangria is some of the best i've had. If you just want to drink go next door to Ibiza (same owners) and hang out on the patio and get some tapas.Have fun!
4	This restaurant was great. I loved the atmosphere, it was in a part of Pittsburgh that I had never been to. I loved the Paella, it had a great variety of spanish sausage, lobster tails, and many other things. It was great food.
4	Chilean sea bass - hmmmmmmmmmmmm.I didn't pay, so nfi about the $$$attentive, friendly service.I'd go again, even if I had to pay!
3	Maybe 4 stars for Pittsburgh.  Hit or miss on the main courses - I like the green sauce on seafood. But the flan never failed me and the whole show is pretty entertaining.  Stil, miss I. and Jenn pretty much sum it's low points . . .
4	Very nice infact I come from Washington D.C. Where  Tapas bars crowd the scene it was my very 1st time trying Spanish food so it was very nice for me and my buddy yes it's overpriced but it's worth it  Most Spanish resturants are so now a days We ate outside and our waiter was an awsome one  I had a roasted goat and my buddy had a filet mignon with baby shrimp and I also had garlic soup now the garlic soup was okay but I tell you it inspired me to make my own at home and I will tell you mine is better! but as far as having the chivon it was awsome and we also had frangelico as a after lunch desert drink!  Very nice Expirence for out of towners such as myself and Pittsburghers alike ya can't go wrong with this resturant!
2	While Mallorca always gets high ratings in Pgh Magazine, my dissatisfaction with it has grown over the years. Its biggest attraction seems to be the size of its portions, and the food is hardly authentic. Last year a group of 10 went there for a birthday dinner. Our server recited a huge list of "specials," which always seems to be the same items every time I go. Our food eventually arrived overcooked, and one member had his meal sent back. In fact, only one or two of us were satisfied with the food. I finally said "Enough." Have not returned and don't intend to.
3	Over rated and over priced.  I keep getting suckered in to going back and each time i leave with my very lite wallet I always am like, why, why why did i fall for mallorica again.   If they lowered the prices i think i would be more satisfied with the food.
3	I don't get the "over priced" complaint here. It was ~$80 for lunch, two people, two glasses of wine each, a starter, and two entrees. Portions are too enormous for me, but an even better value for a burger-pounder.Beyond that, the food is "pretty good", and the service is extremely attentive. Decor: confusing and outdated, or charming and authentic, depending on your attitude. Take the outdoor seating if it's an option.A good option for a nice lunch.
5	I have only been to Mallorca once, and it was on June 20th of 2008. Lots of people have told me how good the food was, so I checked it out. Well, the meals are pricey, but I went for lunch, and it was rice with all kinds of seafood for $15.95, and when they brought it, I was amazed! I dug my fork in and boy was it big! It would feed a NORMAL person like 5 or 6 times! I ate about half of it and took it home and had for dinner the next day. BEST RESTAURANT I WAS EVER AT! although, one thing is that I thought the restrooms would be luxurious, but they vere very simalar to McDonalds bathrooms, but who even gives a crap about restaurant toilets anyway? Oh, and I should mention, dress in fine clothes when you go there! Have fun!
4	Great Service Great food. There were as many specials named off by the waiter than there were items on the menu. I wanted to try them all. Great variety and choices. I enjoyed the Pallela, the seafood including lobster tails were cooked to perfection. Next time I am in Pittsburgh I would come here again
4	Fantastic sangria, great food. Wonderful service to boot!I had a long dinner here with my family to celebrate my mom's birthday and my brother's college graduation. We had a few appetizers, I had a wonderful pasta dish, some fantastic chocolate desert. A few bottles of great Spanish and Chilean wines too. And since it was my mom's birthday - there also appeared to be a birthday at every table that night - they brought her a HUGE piece of cake and Amaretto shots for the table. A very wonderful night out!
4	Something for just about everyone to eat. Huge portions of beef, suckling pig, rabbit, goat, 24 oz lobster tail, stuffed peppers, stuffed quail, seafood casserole, fish, 32 oz delmonico steak and, of course, paella all washed down with Sangria.Friendly, entertaining service and a chance to brush up on your Spanish if you want make this a great place for a birthday or event.At the end of the meal adults are treated to a shot of Dorhina, a Portuguese almond liqueur that is smooth as smooth can be. It can be a bit noisy on a busy night.
3	I have to agree with a lot of the other reviews - this place is a bit overpriced (for me at least).  I somehow manage to forget that when I think about how good the sangria is!  The portions are very generous.  I worked at a hotel in Oakland for awhile, and we sent people here all the time.  Most often, people came back raving about how great it was.  So, I'd say if you have the money it is a good bet.  However, vegetarians beware -- the last time I was there, there was not much to choose from.
2	This place thrives on a circus atmosphere rather than good food. Apparently local celebrities are meant to make up for dull food. A boring over priced menu boasts big European flavors that end up blah. Don't buy into the hype. This is a has been kinda place. The only good thing I had was the stuffed squid app.
3	Just had a good meal. My wife, sister , and I were on the South Side and decided to give this place a try. We had the fried calamari appetizer, which was wonderful. The pieces of squid were larger than usual, extremely tender and juicy; 2 out of 3 of us thought it was the best we've ever had. My wife had a red sangria, which I tried, we both thought it was really good. For entrees they each ordered the lobster raviolis, one in a white sauce, the other red. The white was great and really complimented the lobster ravioli. By-the-way, there was more lobster in these than I've ever seen before. The red sauce had a good flavor, but didn't go with the lobster ravioli at all, it was too overpowering. I ordered one of the many dinner specials, swordfish in balsamic. My fish was overcooked (dry) but the sauce was delicious. I'd go back, and rated it 3 stars. P.S. They gave us each a shot of almond liquor when they delivered the check!
3	This is the sort of place you might expect to be mediocre.It turns out to be surprisingly good.I had the best  cabrito I've ever had here .The chorizio and sangria were good as were the fish dishes .The service was professional and attentive.It is actually better than most of the Spanish places in Newark.It is  also in an interesting lively neighborhood.
4	Had a nice birthday celebration there this past weekend while visiting my niece who attends Pitt.  This restaurant was recommended by the concierge at our hotel and it was a winner.  As many of the other reviewers mentioned. the sangria is excellent, very refreshing and works with most of the entree choices.  We tried the garlic soup - yummy, except that poached egg thing still is a little freaky to me, and the calamari with prociuttio, which was excellent, especially considering I'm not much of a calamari fan (it's a texture thing for me!).  A few of us had the beef - filet or the Delmonico, both were huge and tasty.  Our niece, who indeed had been to Mallorca before, had the halibut with spinich and pine nuts.  She said she enjoyed it, but though the tilapia entree was even better.   Coffee and dessert was also very good.  Service was a little slow to start, but was very good throughout the meal.  This place apparently packs them in, especially on weekends, so make reservations!  Parking is a little tricky in Southside, but Mallorca had valet - definitely use it otherwise you'll be driving around forever.  I would definitely visit Mallorca again when we're in Pittsburgh!
2	After hearing great reviews about this place, I decided to check it out only regretting it after. The food honestly is okay...nothing really jumped out at me about the taste or quality...seemed REALLY overpriced for what you get. The portions are huge and the wait staff was impeccable, but I think I would rather pay more money for better tasting food. I've tried the duck and the fish and they were so so. The ambiance is a little weird too I thought...kind of reminds me of an old dank mansion...old tapestry and dark wood inside with areas of frosted glass (trying to bring in more light?). Regardless, I most likely will not try again.
3	I wasn't really impressed with this place.  Food was just okay.  The tables are way too close together.  Overpriced too.  The waiter lit off an entree and a piece of flame fell on the floor and he kicked it underneath an adjacent table.  I hope nobody had their purse on the floor!
5	I'm a huge Mallorca fan. My whole family insists on going every time they're in town. The service is fantastic, the portions are hearty (I usually have enough left over for another meal), and the food is delicious. My favorite is the salmon and crab meat dish. One tip -- I like to go for Saturday lunch. The price is about half of what you'd pay at dinner, but you still get plenty of food.
5	I would say more like four and a half stars.  The first time I went I thought it was kind of an odd atmosphere.  A bunch of grim looking dudes in suits politely but seriously escorting you to your table.  I now realize that these are all super sweet dudes that are incredibly nice, and they run one of the best restaurants in the South Side.  I have heard many people describe the place as too expensive, but really for both the quality and the amount of food you get, it really is very reasonably priced.  The waitstaff is great, and even when it's packed, they never appear to be in a frenzy of activity.  The sangria is a good plan.  I keep meaning to spend an evening here and just order pitcher after pitcher.  The seafood is very good, and always listen for the specials, because the chefs really have some unique ideas usually.  Too bad I've already locked on to the camarones enchilados.
4	Used to love coming here when I lived in Pittsburgh - great food, nice environment - paella, garlic shrimp - all of the spanish classics were great.  Haven't been here in some time - hope it is still as good as I remember.Was a huge fan of the South Side in general - great festivals, bars, restaurants, german/polish restaurants, fun one-off shops, bakeries, great place to walk around, etc...Last time I was back , it seemed to be a tale of two worlds on the South Side - some of the one-off local business looked like they were gone or suffering, and there was new development with retail chains that probably brought some new investment, but was a different character.  Was fairly early on a Saturday morning, so perhaps I did not see things as they typically are here - nonetheless , memories of a very good restaurant and the South Side/Carson Street.
5	Our school treated us to a dinner here to celebrate the end of semester. It was a great choice and we had so much food! The service was quick (dinner on thurs, with 20+ people) , sangria, wine, and bread were at the table before we even sat down. Then the appetizers started coming out, my favorites were garlic shrimp and spanish sausage. The green pepper one was ok but a good choice for vegetarians. Then came the main course accompanied a house salad with a nice, spicy dressing. We had some choices: pasta, fish, steak, veggie + sides of saffron rice and chips. I went with the steak, it was HUGE and topped with cheese and mushrooms. I got it medium-rare, it was nice and juicy, maybe the fat could've been trimmed some more.For dessert, I had rum cake and coffee and some odd tasting sweet liquor. They have valet parking and a small parking lot next to the restaurant, pretty convenient. Great restaurant overall, I'm curious to try the paella to see how it compares to SF
3	Very good Paella!!!! We ate outside and watched the motorcycles cruise down Southside's Carson Street... If you like Spanish cuisine you love this joint. The potatoes are addicting and the gazpacho has just the right kick. The Very large portions leave one satisfied!
5	Mallorca continues to be one of our favorite restaurants in the area. The service is fantastic. The restaurant is always vibrant and full, yet the servers are diligent in keeping guests happy.I have dined at Mallorca at least a dozen times and never tire of the menu because of the ridiculously huge amount of specials they offer. Large portions that are always well-prepared describe the dinner entrees. Our group had the spicy mussels from the apps menu (awesome) and stuffed mushrooms that were good. They are stuffed with crab and shrimp and I don't like shrimp or would rate them higher. Veal with Mozzarella, Kobe Steak, Yellow Fin Tuna with pepper sauce and Chilean Sea Bass were our entrees. Each one was better than the others, although my favorite was the tuna.   Trust your server to recommend a wine as their list is pretty extensive. We enjoyed an 08 Llai Llai Pinot Noir that was quite nice and selected based on the server's recommendation.We will go back again and again. Just love it
1	The food sucks. They brought us bread that was stone cold. The entrees had too much salt and the service was average at best.
3	I'm preeeetttty sure people think I'm a food critic. The irony, I know. When I travel for work, I dine alone, and am often a little dressy. I ask for the waiters' recommendations. So, I sometimes get some free food. This may have been the case at Mallorca. If not, I can say with full assurance that you will eat like a king!I ordered one of the fish specials and got, like, 4 sides. The servers are attentive but, omigod, there are like, 25 of them. The food was good. Not amazing, but good. At the end of meal, I enjoyed a spanish ouzo (?) compliments of the chef. The pluses: the atmosphere, the service. You'll feel like a fancy lady.The food was decent - good
5	I've read many of the reviews. Any reviewer that said anything less than a fabulous dining experience is 100% erroneous. This restaurant is delightful. The service was excellent. Anyone who stated the staff was overly attentive- has obviously never been to a fine dining restaurant. The servers are all very knowledge, helpful, and friendly. The specials provided during last night's service were amazing. I wish I could have ordered them all. I was fortunate to arrive at 5pm and all the tables around me ordered about the same time so I could observe the entrees and hear the reviews.The Kobe beef steak had to be well over 1lb. It looked amazing and the gentleman that eat it stated as much. His wife has the veal osso buco, although I was a bit dubious to order this here- she loved it. I never saw such large pieces of veal shanks. She loved it and said she would eat it over the next three days. The portions were huge.My husband and I had the grilled calamari stuffed with prosciutto. It was amazing. Perfectly cooked, seasoned, and complemented the house bread well. I ordered the Sangria. Typically, I prefer making my own as I enjoy a nice peach mint white Sangria. However, after reading the reviews on here I trusted my fellow positive food critics that enjoyed this place. I was not let down! It was not overly dry, as many others I have tried at other establishments in the past were. I even tend to enjoy most dry wines but for whatever reason never liked the red Sangria until I drank theirs. Hints of fruit were light and appropriate. Also, the liqueur blended in, likely Brandy, was not obtuse by any means.  Just subtle and lovely. Then came the  house salad with a nice, spicy dressing. Something that reminds me of a French blend. Not my favorite, but the lovely mixture of greens, fresh herbs, and hearts of palm made me forget that I was n otin love with the dressing.As i was craving fresh seafood, I splurged on the crab stuffed twin whole lobsters. Amazing. The lobster was cooked perfectly, the crab stuffing was lightly blended with cream and hints of cheese. The rice was perfectly cooked and seasoned-mixed with peas and carrots. Equally well, were the broccoli rabe and vegetable melody.My husband ordered the grilled sea scallops in brandy. The scallops had a perfect sear to them, and the brandy sauce was not over powering. It was an excellent marriage. He loved this so much he has requested I make this sauce at home. I will try to do that this week =)Compliments of the house, provided an almond after dinner liqueur-the name sadly has escaped me. Nevertheless, it was a perfect ending to a wonderful meal. I am not even a big fan of after dinner liqueurs, a bit too high in the calories. However, I don't care I will be ordering that again the next time we go!As far as the prices, I think they are equivalent to any other fine dining establishment in the area. In fact, I think it is actually more than fair given the excellent service, free parking, and insane abundance of food. I will likely be dinning here at LEAST once a month.
5	On of my favorite places to go for special occasions. Great sangria, amazing desserts and the menu is huge. Just ask to hear their specials and your jaw will drop. It is a wonderful meal every time and the wait staff is always on point. They treat everyone like a king and they feed you like one too.
1	I'm going to tell you the end of this restaurant horror story and then you can decide for yourself if you'd like to read the rest or have had enough. Ready?As my friend and I are exiting Mallorca, the manager, who is shoveling food into his face at the bar, turns and says "Sorry for the trouble girls..." and spits his food all over us. Now, let's bring it back to the beginning, if you're so inclined. Upon recommendations, a passion for Spanish cuisine and armed with a groupon, my  friend and I decided to try Mallorca last Saturday evening. We were greeted by eager, formal wait staff and were promptly seated. The dining room was ugly, out dated, and several shades of dark puke green. The plaster had multiple holes and the wall paper was water damaged and peeling away. Aesthetics aside, we ordered the Sangria right away from hearing wonderful things and we were not disappointed.For an appetizer we ordered the special that day, octopus. It arrived quickly. It wasn't bad. I've had better, but it tasted fresh and seemed to be carefully prepared and the presentation was eye catching. For our main course, I badly desired the Paella Valencia. As a long time fan of Spanish/South American culinary specialties, I was dying for a good paella! Our Paella Valencia arrived quickly. Excited about the paella, we barely noticed the small dish of random vegetables and the dish of potato chips they placed on the table (ummm thanks... how classy...and authentic...). As we scooped paella onto our plates and eagerly began to dig in, I barely had time to fully absorb the blandness of the dish when I noticed a man's HAIR pressed into my chorizo. I flagged over the bus boy who was leaning miserably against the wall. "Hi, um, I have a hair in my Paella."Bus boy: "Oh! Um. Let me get your waiter."Our waiter promptly marched over and began collecting all of our dishes. I tried to speak to him, "I'm extremely surprised to find this hair in the food."Waiter in his strong accent, "Yes, ma'am, disappointing. But these things happen."Wait. What?"Yes, I realize these "things" can happen, but it shouldn't, not in this fine restaurant." But he was gone before I could fully defend myself.Then we waited. And waited. And waited. No one came out to apologize. No one asked us if we needed anything. So I flagged the bus boy over again. "Hi, is your manager around?"Bus boy: "Yes."  Pause. "Do you want me to get him?" No. I just want to know where he is. Me: "Um. Yes, please get him."The manager visits us for the first and ONLY time. He greets us with a look that says "What do you want?" I explained our little problem to him. Manager: "These things happen. "Seriously? SERIOUSLY? Me: "Look, your restaurant comes highly recommended. I had high expectations and did not expect to find a hair in my paella..." Practically interrupting me he continues "Yes, we have a fine restaurant. I have been in the business many years. These things just happen."Me (getting annoyed now with the lack of apology): "Do they wear hair nets in the kitchen?"Manger: "Yes, of course. Besides, we have no women in the kitchen."SERIOUSLY? Not only is that SEXIST, I had to inform him that is was NOT  a woman's hair, but rather a short black hair that turned gray on the end, much like his own hair, and that it was PRESSED INTO MY CHORIZO WHICH I SCOOPED OUT OF THE PAELLA FROM UNDER RICE. But, he clearly didn't want to hear it and walked away mumbling something that sounded like "I'm disappointed." Then our second paella arrived. Our waiter apologized (finally) for the hair, only to proceed to tell us that "This can happen easily. You could lift up your napkin and a hair could fall in."Ugh...Am I out of line to hope and expect that wouldn't happen? Is there some ninja going around and hiding hair all over the restaurant? Do you have a shaggy dog folding your napkins? The lobster, scallops, tiny micro sized shrimp all tasted the same: bland, frozen, overcooked, boring. The rice had no flavor and looked remarkably like the boxed paella rice that Goya sells. The chicken was dangerously undercooked- hard and pink. Needless to say, we had no appetite after all of this. It wasn't hard to flag my actual waiter over this time. He had been standing in a corner ten feet away from our table with other waiters staring and pointing at us and talking about us in Spanish. Even if the paella was decent, we couldn't eat it while being stared at. Waiter "Would you like me to box this?"Me: "No. Just the check."With a surprising twist, our waiter returned and informed us that this delightful meal would be on the house and then presented us with two shots of some sweet liquor. We left our waiter a rather generous tip and got up to leave, feeling slightly vindicated. We were chatting about the possibility of returning, when we met our manager at the bar on our exit...Mallorca, you finally blew it when your manager blew his food on us.
5	My husband and I ate there over the weekend. It was absolutely delicious. We definitely paid a pretty penny for what we got, but it was well worth it. The paella was amazing. I loved it! My husband got the stuffed lobster tail. It was the biggest lobster tail either of us had ever seen. Prepare to be stuffed when you leave here. The wait staff was also very efficient and professional.
4	Went on the suggestion of a friend we were visiting. My wife and I both had different flavors of the mariscado, which was tasty. A little loud at first (mostly due to a large birthday party group at a nearby table), it quieted down later. In all, a good introduction to Spanish cuisine.
2	Drinks -- I had water but my fiance had the red sangria which I tasted and it was pretty goodAppetizer -- Mussels in Green sauce -- I found it very tasty, loved the brothEntree -- Twin lobster tails with some sort of brandy and a side of melted butter. They were OK - never thought I'd say that about lobster, but they really were bland after a few bites. I'm thinking overcooked. Sides -- Came with vegetables (mostly brocolli/cauliflower which I ate), yellow rice (my fiance ate that) and potato chips - they looked OK but we didn't try themDessert -- Didn't order anyService -- Friendly but not the most attentive. We dined on a Saturday night and the place was superbusy. Deals/Discounts -- we used a Groupon..The deal was $12 for $25 worth of food, but because I bought my Groupon through my Iphone App for the first time, I got a $10 credit..ultimately $2 for $25  worth of foodOverall -- only go on a slow night (not Saturday evening!) and if you have a Groupon or discount
4	Come for the 4 different types of sangria and stay for the authentic Spanish cuisine.  Each dish from the chorizo appetizer to the Langosta Relleno are fantastic and presented in with true style.  Sitting inside is nice if not a little uptight but the relaxed comfort of the patio is the best.Come hungry as portions are generous
1	Not worth the money at all!!!When ordering $35 lobster tails you expect to enjoy your meal. Instead I had a bland and tough meal. I was definitely full afterward but by no means satisfied in the taste department.My boyfriend had the paella which tasted like it had just come from a box at a grocery store. It was a ton of food, but again, bland. I'm thankful that we had a gift card to use here otherwise I would have hugely disappointed at my waste of money. I would not recommend this place for their dinners.
5	DELICIOUS! Went there for a friend's birthday. Ordered the crab-stuffed lobster - AMAZING! The waiter even offered to deshell the lobster. We brought a cake for our friend and they took it back to the kitchen and cut it for us, put candles in it, brought it out and served it to us. The staff is just amazing!
4	My first visit to Mallorca was really quite nice.  I got a table outside on a lovely day, and besides one pestering fly and an over-zealous breeze, it was very pleasant.  I started with an appetizer of stuffed mushrooms.  The mushrooms were cooked very well (they were still solid, not overly done and mushy) and the stuffing had a nice taste although I found it to be a bit on the liquidy side.  For my meal I had the veal with mozzerella sauce.  It came out in an iron dish that had obviously come straight from the oven, and I had at least five pieces of veal swimming in a delicious cheese sauce that was slightly darkened on the top, which I loved.  The veal may have been sliiiightly overdone, but it had a very nice flavor and went with the sauce very nicely.The only minor complaint I have is that the service was a little inconsistent.  I arrived for dinner right at 5pm on a weekday with a friend, and we were two of possibly four total people in the restaurant at the time.  I guess the staff was feeling rather bored, because whenever we would need attention at our table, we were surrounded by a minimum of three servers.  Which was very attentive and I appreciated the service, although it did make me slightly uncomfortable.  But the really uncomfortable thing was whenever our servers were done helping us, they stepped back about three feet and just stood behind our table the entire time.  Now THAT was uncomfortable.  And slightly creepy.  But we got all of our food in a very timely manner, which was excellent.  But then as the restaurant started to fill up, we requested our bill, and ended up waiting about 20 minutes for it.  We figured they had forgotten about us, until the bill finally arrived and we realized it had been laying on top of the servers' station a few feet from us the entire time.  So they didn't forget about us, just the bill.  So although the service went from practically sitting on my lap to forgetting that we weren't trying to do a dine and dash, the food really was quite good and I'll definitely be back.
3	I've been to Mallorca a few times before, and I'll admit I always get the same thing, the Mariscada, because it is soo good! My most recent trip was on a Monday night with a 7:45 reservation. This place was PACKED. We were greeted by the hostess who told us they were backed up and it would be about a 20 minute wait so we could walk around or have a drink at the bar. We chose to walk around and came back about 15 minutes later and sat down like others who were waiting were doing. The hostess seemed to be really frazzled, but had no system of seating people who were there. There were quite a few couples waiting and when a table of 2 became available she asked what times both couples reservations were for. They both said 8. She then attempted to seat them as my boyfriend and I were sitting there waiting. The person was nice enough to offer up her seat to us as she'd heard me say we had a 7:45 reservation. The hostess apologized, but maybe a system of checking in (or calling names out instead of seating  the first person you see) would be helpful. We were seated and someone came by and told us the specials. Am I the only person who has trouble remembering any of the specials they tell you? There are always like 10 told to you at rapid fire, I can never remember any that interest me. I ordered Mariscada, the boyfriend ordered Paella. We were given a sourdough type bread and then a salad. Our orders came out not too much later, with veggies, fried potato chip like things, and Spanish rice. Veggies were nothing to write home about. But my entree is so delicious. I just love dipping bread in the rich tomato sauce. My only problems really were with the seating problem and the lack of drink refills. I feel bad, because obviously the waiters work their butts off but our waters and sodas were empty more often than they were full. But, it was difficult to enjoy a great meal when I was constantly thirsty. Maybe our table wasn't in a good spot to see our glasses but when someone is running around refilling water, they should be able to see all tables. After we received our check, we were given 2 shots, "on the house" which was a nice gesture, Not sure if the waiter felt bad or if this is normal. We also had a Steeler sighting at the bar, so that makes for a fun dining experience. We'll go back but hopefully won't experience a few of the kinks we had this time. "
3	Mallorca is great the first time you go, after that it is just ok.  Menu never changes, specials are always the same.  Service is excellent.  Overall food is good, but a little to pricey.  Decent date place on the outside patio.
3	The only reason I have given two stars is because my wife enjoyed her meal. Mine, however, was awful. Drink: gin and tonic with a lime and a flyAppetizer: clams in green sauce. Unbelievably salty. Main: Paella. I was excited for this. Unfortunately, it was so dry it was hard to eat without sipping water. Not alot of flavor. Seafood and chicken was so overcooked it was either gummy or rock solid. I would have sent it back, but it took 20 mins to get it the first time. Service: completely hit or miss Overall: I won't ever go back. Worst way to spend $100 in the city. Very disappointed.UPDATE:After a fortuitous encounter with Micah Rosa, who manages Mallorca's online advertisement/identity, I was given a gift card for a revisit. I have given Mallorca one more star. I am grateful for the hospitality. I thought the service was great this time around. No flies in my drinks. No waiting for overcooked food. IN FACT, the fish I had was perfectly cooked, as was my wife's steak. This restaurant just isn't for me, however. The food just isn't on par with the price. Quantities are outrageous, so it is hard to go home hungry, but I get can full anywhere.
2	I've been here twice.  Food was bad both times.  I really wanted to like it based on the other reviews, but couldn't finish my meal either time.  Fortunately, it was really expensive, so it made not liking my food feel even better.  Another of those mystery institutions (along with Primanti Bros. and Le Monte) that everyone in Pittsburgh but me seems to like.  I'm sure this all stems from the fact that I'm just deeply flawed as a human.  But there you go.  Caveat Lector.  or Caveat Comesor?  Is that right?
1	Horrible service, staff rough around the edges and bad food. A group of four of us went there with very high expectations after reading yelp and left disappointed. It took an hour for us to be seated. Once we finally had a table and ordered, it took nearly an hour for us to be even served. I ordered 35$ lobster tail in wine sauce and it was dry and chewy. My vegetarian friend ordered veggie paella and what she received was literally a plate of rice with like 10 peas....and what really pissed us off is that the restaurants complimentary dish for the table was a plate of paella style rice...basically the same exact thing they charged her 20 bucks for. The service was just plain bad. The food was overpriced and lame.
4	A little slow on the service, extensive special menu show, they screwed their chick scratch bill and it actuallu benefittdd ibiza orMallorca we will Come again
3	A dining experience at Mallorca is akin to the grand display of pageantry from the dining scene of Beauty and the Beast: things are lit on fire, waiters can ramble off twenty different specials off the top of their head, four or five different waiters and staff cater to you throughout your dining experience, and the evening is finished off with shots of Amarguinha.There's no doubt about it, much of Mallorca's appeal stems from the incredible five-star service. My family and I had a rough time picking a special occasion restaurant and ended up here. With mixed reviews around the table, I would certainly recommend that people look past the few shoddy reviews and give it a shot for themselves. It's been around for about twenty years and is most certainly a Pittsburgh destination.We started off with a pitcher of sangria (excellent) and an order of peppers stuffed with seafood and cheeses (also good). As for entrees, I ordered the paella and was rather disappointed. It came with chicken, scallops, shrimp, langostinos,  clams, sausage, and mussels. Touted as a house specialty, the whole dish was rather dry and I found that it was not as infused with the saffron flavor that I am used to from other places. My mom ordered the soft shell crab special and here's where Mallorca picks up a few points. This dish is literally my mom's favorite food and she said these were the best she has ever had in her life. I'm used to the paltry, tiny crabs but this dish was served with three HUGE crabs cooked in a wine and butter sauce that was to die for. Although I'm not normally a big fan of soft shell crabs, these were absolutely phenomenal. My dad ordered the veal Marsala and it was decent. Every entree is served with platters of vegetables and saffron rice. Overall, the portion sizes are humongous.For dessert, I ordered a piece of the almond cake and this was absolutely delicious. The cake was light and fluffy and the almond creme was to die for. To top off the meal, the servers bring out complimentary shots of Amarguinha (a Portuguese almond liqueur), which I thought was a delightful touch. Overall, I will definitely be back to try more on this menu. I'll be staying away from the paella and veering more towards their seafood dishes, which I highly recommend to anyone considering an evening at Mallorca.
5	Bacon wrapped shrimp in a brandy sauce!  Gazpacho is awesome, but much better in the summer than the winter.  The waiter reciting off the list of specials in his spanish accent is worth the price of admission.Sangria is divine
4	So first of all, let me preface this by saying, I always have a good time in Pittsburgh. It's just like magic. I show up, I have a great time, and I owe it all to the Steel City's... I dunno... jeu ne se quois?! So, the best of times are when I find something ELSE that I love as much as Pittsburgh in the city of bridges. Found: Mallorca. Spanish culture, language, food, music and I, well we get along well. I was super excited to find a Groupon for Mallorca, as it is a classy little spot, but a bit out of my normal price range for a casual Saturday night out. I don't know if it was subliminal messaging or sentiment remaining from my vacation in Spain, but I was a woman on a mission: Sangria, Paella. End of sentence.Mallorca is a white table cloth place, and they take your coat at the door-- keepin' it classy. We ordered a pitcher of Sangria and shared the house Paella. I wasn't dazzled by the shared dish charge, but we just weren't hungry enough to put down much more than the Paella dish alone. I can't say the food was so authentic it took me right back to the streets of Las Ramblas where I had my first authentic Paella, but it was good, and far better than what I have seen turned out by zealous would-be chefs that I call friends. There was plenty of flavor, and the seafood was cooked well. The dish was accompanied by some steamed veggies, and you'd think it's hard to mess up steamed veggies, but my friends I have seen it done and Mallorca did not disappoint. I saw a lot of what looked like special celebrations and romantic, intimate dates happening all around us, and I thought that was charming. The service would get five stars if it stood on it's own, and although we passed on dessert, the selections looked enticing. If you get a chance to go to Mallorca, I recommend going all out. My next trip will be more of a three-course experience.
4	Shame on me, my mother taught me never to judge a book by it's cover.  When we first stopped in, I have to admit I was a bit turned off by the decor.  It felt a little old and  dated.  I'm glad we stayed.  First and foremost, they had the best service in distant memory.  I mean that sincerely.  My drink was never half empty, they were always attentive without being obtrusive.  Specials, wow did they have a lot.  We ordered a Portuguese sausage flambed on open flame at the table.  Great show.   By the way, if I fail to mention it, portion sizes are massive.  There was a great wild boar special (i'm a sucker for wild boar).  The meat fell off the bone.  My wife had the lobster tail in cream sauce special.  It was so rich that we didn't finish it.  Reasonably priced for the quality of meal.  Will be a repeat customer.
5	Okay, so last week I went here with my Dad and his girlfriend Suzy. The owner, Antonio is very personable and was very kind to us as we entered. I've also noticed that each of the four times I've been here, he was also there. Excellent to have the owner/operator around to keep things top shape.Sat us in a corner this time, wallpaper is a bit old, building is a bit dingy, and yes the dining area and lounge have a bit of traffic, but it's fine with me. Adds to the experience, gives the restaurant character, etc. Food was great, I went with the wild boar special. Alongside were two Delmonico steaks covered in sauteed mushrooms and Gorgonzola cheese. Delicious! Wild boar was done well, also tasted like a exotic pot roast, but no gamy taste to speak of.  Got three side-salads that were decent, but yea, were covered in dressing. Vegetables on a dish were steamed and lightly buttered.  Fresh bread was good. Another great thing about Mallorca is the portion size. An eating-persons restaurant; you will be lucky to finish half of the portion of most dishes, so expect to have some leftovers or the opportunity (at $6) to get a second plate to share. Also, Sopa de ajo for any garlic lovers.
4	I hadn't eaten here in years (because I had moved away and just hadn't thought about it since returning to Pittsburgh).  I was reminded of the place when I saw a recent Groupon offer.  This place is still as good as I remembered.  The helpings are huge.  The garlic soup is wonderful!  I will definitely put it back in my rotation.
1	Althought the portion sizes are huge...it's a waste of food.  My dinner was dry as if it had been prepared several hours in advance and then reheated once it was served to me.  Even though we were two of the only people at the resturant, we were still set way in the back by the kitchen. What gives?  I was left with nothing but disappointment from my trip to Mallorcas. Prehaps I just went on a bad night.  I had the paella it was dry and flavorless and paella is one of my favorite dishes.  I went to Mallorca's for my birthday dinner and was completely let down.  I  didn't even take the left overs home, of which there was plenty My boyfriend enjoyed the Sangria but the waiter took it away, even though the pitcher still enough left for one more glass.  Grumble...Mallorca I don't like you.
1	I don't give out too many one-star reviews, but Mallorca earned this one.  I went with my family this past Saturday and we were treated to slightly rude, slighty indifferent service as well as tasteless food that did not match the description on the menu.  For example, the stuffed mushrooms contained shrimp and that was not clearly indicated on the menu.  Many people have shrimp allergies, so that is just plan unsafe.  Another example: my sister ordered what was described on the menu as grilled chicken with peanuts and raisins.  The dish came out covered in cheese.  Um, I thought the point of a menu was to describe the food that you can expect to eat.  Not so at Mallorca.  Also, my dish was entirely flavorless, and overpriced to boot.  I would NOT at all recommend eating here.
5	I love this place.  While fad restaurants come and go, Mallorca has been a staple of Pittsburgh Dining as long as I have been alive.  While their wine menu is perhaps a bit to heavily influenced by some of their more famous patrons, it is very good.  Only fools who like to drink grapes grown from vines grafted onto Missouri vines will need to first gripe about the lack of french wine on the list, but then you can educate them on the fact that there are no 'old growth' french vines due to a little thing called blackrot.THE FOOD!!!!!!!!!  Here is where true Spanish cooking excels!  Expect to taste the flavor of the meat and vegetables; not a wealth of spices like a poorly trained Chef would.  I personally recommend the Mariscada Aijillo or any of the Mariscada really!  The Veal is also always a please, but I prefer my food to be crawling in the ocean a day or two before I eat it.I have taken many people here and recommended it to many friends.  I have only heard one bad report from all of those individuals and the complainer happens to be someone who lives on Wendy's so I take her complaints with a grain of salt.  GREAT PLACE!  Thank you for squeezing me in with short notice this weekend!
4	The place was PACKED so make sure you get a reservation for a weekend.  They had some groups in and had way more people than they should have inside one room.  However, the service did not falter one bit.  We ordered soft shell crabs for an appetizer and I wish I had gotten it as a dinner.  It was perfect.  I had a full fish for dinner, and although very good, it wasn't boned and I had to ask to get it boned, but even then it had loads of bones and was almost scary to eat.  My husband had the steak that was incredible!  We could easy have shared it.  The salad was great, the vegetables good (but I would have liked some Spanish olive oil for them as they were plain.  But everything we asked for, they brought with no problem.  Wonderful food.
1	This is definitely not a tapas/small plates restaurant - it has a few appetizers, but it's mainly for main courses.Although the service was very attentive and friendly and the portions are huge, the food just sucks.The shrimp is a bit questionable.  I had bacon wrapped shrimp as my main course and the bacon was soggy, which made the meal disgusting.  Moreover, the meal comes with a side of boiled vegetables (which is a throw away as they lack seasoning/flavor) and a side of "Spanish" rice, which I think is really Goya Mexican rice seasoning thrown onto rice.I personally would not go back...unless there are major changes to the quality of food.
4	Frankly Im surprised at the one- and two-star reviews of Mallorca. Especially the comments about "bad service", I dont get it. My wife and I have been there at least 10 times over the past few years and have ALWAYS been treated like kings! The staff has always been super attentive in my book, alot of the bad reviews appear to be coming from people living on the west coast (?). What more are you looking for?The food is outstanding, huge portions of quality food. Steaks are really great, last time I was there had the Lamb shanks special, was out of this world good. The meat literally fell off the bone and the sauce was so tasty I had to mop it up with the delicious bread. My wife is a picky pain in the butt, but Mallorca is her favorite restaurant in the 'burgh. Try the Chorizo appetizer, its tasty. Sangria is top-notch too. The prices are not cheap, but as in life, you get what you pay for.If your food choices revolve around Mc Donalds and Taco bell, you probably cant appreciate Mallorca and should go somewhere else. But if you like fine food prepared and thought out with care, Mallorca is the place for you!
3	Went there recently on a warm summer evening. The outside seating area is very pleasant. Service was very attentive. However, the food was only average; the paella was somewhat bland. roasted sweet peppers, stuffed mushrooms).Given the cost, even with a Groupon, this was disappointing.
5	The building may be old, but there's more character in the food than meets the eye.  About as original you can get from mainland Spain... a real treat. There's two divisions to the place, the left side is more chill & private. Wonderful food & the staff love their jobs!  Excellent shrimp.
2	This place is waaaay overpriced for the quality of food. I had two of the specials, grilled portobello mushroom and sea bass. The portobello was drenched in balsamic vinegar. Don't get me wrong, I love balsamic vinegar. I can just dip my bread in it plain but this was a very strong type and there was so much of it that I couldn't taste the mushrooms. As for the sea bass, I had asked for the olive oil drizzle to be removed and brought on the side (since in most restaurants in the Burgh, drizzle means drench) but it came with it anyways. When I complained, they took the fish and put it on a new plate with the olive oil scraped off. The sides that came with the entree were just sad. Some steamed veggies that tasted no different than steam in a bag grocery store variety and a bland rice with some peas. The bill for these two plus one glass of wine was $55. I had a groupon but it was still way way overpriced for the quality. The only reason I am giving them two stars instead of one is I should have asked for the price of the specials. I just assumed that the price of the sea bass would at least be comparable to the grilled salmon, which was $21. I was wrong since it was $35 despite being  the size of my fist.I will not be going back to this place and I do not recommend this to anyone who values quality over quantity.
2	Too salty, bland. Nothing special. I wonder if the mixed vegetables were heated up from a Giant Eagle frozen mixed veggie bag. Not fresh. Chips? Seriously?! Cut down the insane amount of food and just make it tasty, healthy and good. Uncomfortable seating - cramped with waiters constantly swarming around you. If you like the attention and average food maybe this is ok for you. One positive, and it's big- no smoking on the outdoor patio. Now that's something they got right. Ok, one more- cute looking bar area.
2	This place aspires to be fancier than it actually is.  Prices are exorbitantly high, tricking you into thinking you're going to get a quality meal.   To assist in achieving this effect, they have white table cloths; I can't speak for all of them but ours was dirty, stained, unpressed, and had something smushed into it that frankly resembled something that would come out of a child's nostril.  My boyfriend tactfully placed a plate over that offensive blemish.   By the way, the plates and silverware look exactly like ones you'd find in a roadside diner or Eat n Park.  Just drives the point home that this is not upscale dining.They start you out with some bread and butter in little packets (olive oil would have been a nicer touch), and a sad little salad - the greens were wilted and yellowing, and the lettuce hadn't been washed. You could see a large amount of dirt on the white part,  which no, I was not mistaking for pepper.  I also made the mistake of ordering the gazpacho, which was way too salty. I couldn't finish it.We ordered a bottle of wine; the waiter poured the first glass, then noticed himself that the glass was not clean.  He took it away and brought back a clean glass, apparently having dumped the first glass of wine out.  For a $40 bottle of wine, it was a bit annoying to lose one full glass which he didn't offer to replace.The meal was slightly redeemed by the entrees; we ordered two of the innumerable specials the waiter rattled off.  Our entrees were each $35, when the quality suggested a $10-15 price range.  The presentation was quite sad - on one side of the plate were some shreds of pickled purple cabbage, on the other, a sprinkle of paprika.  Entrees were accompanied by some sorry steamed vegetables (I agree with the other reviewers' that they look like they were straight out of one of those steamable bags), some orange rice, and a rather incongruous plate of potato chips.   I couldn't figure that one out.As for the service, it was excessive and cloying.  We had 3 waiters checking on us- one main waiter, and two other waiters/busboys who interrupted our meal dozens of times.  Our water and wine glasses were refilled after every sip.   Our waiter would come by to check on us, then check on the table next to us, then turn around and check on us again, apparently forgetting we'd been checked on the previous minute.  I guess too much service is better than not enough, but we never had a moment to relax and have an uninterrupted conversation.Look, I'm no snob but I've actually been to the coast of Spain and this food didn't resemble any of the care and refinement of actual Spanish cuisine.  I wouldn't be surprised if the chef has no culinary training whatsoever.  The last straw was when I used the ladies' room on our way out and was scalded by the water, which was hot coming out of both the cold and hot sides of the tap...like boiling hot...like my hands were red the rest of the evening.  We had tickets for a play after this meal and halfway into the show, my stomach started turning.   The next 10-12 hours were not pleasant.  Steer clear of this place, people, please, for your own good.  Bad music, bad ambiance, bad food.  Just bad.
4	Thought I reviewed this before.  Went tonight for the 3rd time.  Otherwise haven't in over a year.  It's a Spanish restaurant with pallela.  They also have Chicken Marsala and varous veal dishes and many seafood options.  You can even get steak and prime rib.  The steak looked huge but I heard someone say it had little flavor. I had the broiled seafood special for $29.95 but when I got the check it was $39.95. I didn't complain because I thought it was too cheap for lobster, giant shrimp and giant scallops, clams, mussels, rice and vegetabales plus a garden salad.  It was very good.  I also had the shrimp appetizer (5 giant cocktail shrimp).  Took a long time to get my main dish and the check/paying it.   Food has always been very good.  Free valet parking.
4	I'm going to break this review into positives and negatives.Positives1. Great selection of many different types of Spanish and Portuguese food.2. Fresh food that is well prepared3. Interesting building with neat, cozy seating4. Fast, efficient, polite serves5. Lots of specials6. Great paella, on par with what I have had in Europe.Negatives1. A little dark2. A bit pricy, but not so bad for the quality of food.Overall, this place has become our go-to special occasion dinner place, especially because of the great variety.
4	Langosta RellenaBroiled Stuffed Lobster with Crab Meat and Shrimp$34.95"Your gonna need a bigger boat"  A huge fresh lobster broiled and filled with Shrimp and crabmeat stuffing.
4	The paella was really good. Cost of food was higher than most places but worth it. Got to speak Spanish with the waiters, which was a plus. Good environment.
5	Food was the bomb, everything cooked to perfection, great waitstaff and friendly owners.  Highly recommended for group dinners or a date.  Beware, portions are huge so watch your diet/eating fro earlier that day.
3	Beautiful atmosphere, friendly waiters with great accents serving decent but not delicious food.  Most of the items we were served were not freshly prepared, our bread, vegetables, rice and chips all looked and tasted like they came out of a store bag, had been left out and were brought to us at room temperature.  The main dishes were okay, but not particularly well prepared, and weren't worth the high $30-$40 entree prices.  Mallorca is a beautiful place, particularly with their oudoor patio.  They have alot going for them, but at least, based on our meal, this restaurant is missing the high end food to go with it's high end staff, prices and ambiance.
5	Mallorca has been my family's go-to place for special occasions for YEARS.  It's the only place I know where I can get a broiled lobster stuffed with crab meat alongside a cauldron of sea creatures for under $50 *and* have a very satisfying lunch for the next day.They specialize in cooking enormous portion sizes with expertise.  Once I ordered a prime rib and they brought out this two-inch monstrosity with two rib bones sticking out the side.  It had a beautiful broiled crust, perfectly medium, tender, tasty and was probably mooing that morning.Nearly all of the meals I've had here have been great and those that weren't more most likely because I was experimenting and discovered that I didn't like the dish, not that it was prepared improperly.As for atmosphere, it's dark, tight, and only semi-romantic because it's always crowded and the walkways are narrow.  Personally, I love it because it's always an experience:  the waiters chattering in Portuguese, romancing the patrons or bringing out eye-popping food that's either oversized, on fire or smelling really good.Definitely check it out with a date, bust out a couple Benjamins and enjoy yourself (oh, and write a review - we Yelpers would love to see what you think).
3	My latest trip to Mallorca was for a  good friend's birthday party. She had called the day of to make reservations and was able to get a table for 6. When I arrived, my husband and I were the first in our party. We were asked to wait in the small bar area for our entire party. This was rather annoying to me since the bar was righ by the entrance and other people kept coming in and bumping into us. The area was highly congested with the bar on one side, tables on teh other and a coat check a the end.  Not a good place to grab a relaxing drink before our meal. The drinks are fairly reasonably priced, $17 for two VERY large glasses of wine. Once our party arrived, we were seated. We decided to skip the appetizers and move right to the entrees knowing the portion sizes are large. The waiter read the 20+ specials, as usual. They must have the same specials for several days in a  row, otherwise no one would be able to remember all of those dishes. I ordered the filet and my husband ordered the paella. My filet was tender, juicy and cooked perfectly. As always, the table was served rice, veggies and chips family style as sides. The rice and chips were delicious but the veggies were a bit under done. The green beans were quite crispy, not in a good way. After dinner, we were trying to decide on dessert when our waitor, who had been short with us several times during our meal, heard that it was my friend's birthday and decided to bring the entire table chocolate cake. What a sweet gesture! :) I gave Mallorca 3 stars because a few hours after dinner, my husband started to not feel well. He had a bad headache and slept for 10 hours which is highly unusual for him. I also woke up with a headache which I think had something to do with their house wine, which was the only wine they had by the glass. I  never have headaches from wine, especially when I only have one glass. Next time, I will order a bottle.
4	Very nice atmosphere. Generous pours at the bar, very good entrees. The appetizers were a bit small and weren't the best, go for the entrees. Get the 2lb. sirloin!
3	If you enjoy Paella and large portions of it, Mallorca is the place to be! With your order of entree you get an extra plate of spanish rice and steamed veggies and chips, and I would say if you are the type to enjoy leftovers for a weekend brunch, Mallorca will delight you!The staff was very pleasant and friendly to work with, but I must warn you that on weekends the restaurant gets super crowded and noisy. Also, as the tables are so close to each other, you may find yourself unintentionally eavesdropping on other people's conversations, while at the same time, unable to follow conversation with a person sitting across from you at your table.The prices are a bit steep, but considering the quality and quantity of food, I think the prices are justified. Also, if you look out for Groupons, you can get a sweet 50% discount. I would recommend Mallorca for large groups (+4 people) and for celebrating occasions. Although I would not recommend it if you are planning to go on a special date.
5	Hip hip hooray a little dollop of diversity in Pittsburgh! I'll admit as soon as I saw the outside of the building on my morning commute shortly after moving to Pittsburgh, I wanted to test the skills of La Cocina Mallorca.I have tried the veal; it was tender breaded just right and savory perfect combination not too heavy and not too light. The side dishes could be improved I don't love the potato thingies and the veggies are ok. But I forgot about that because the meat was so splendid. I also tried the sea bass which was a special at the time. All I can say is that it was to die for good, I mean so tender not too many times do I die from the textures of foods, often they can be off putting to me. But this sea bass was cooked to texture tender perfection. My family tried lobster and Paella, it was the most sea food in a Paella my stepmother had ever seen. My dad had no complaints about his stuffed lobster. Great and expansive choice of wines, admittedly I am not a wine pro nor do I have the $$ to spend on some of their wines. But the Sauvington blanc from Argentina was fab, it was the 30$ bottle. Now can I talk about the decor? When you first walk in you are hit with Art Deco Egyptian revival beauty not familiar with the term.... Ok picture Lotus Flowers, Neo- Victorian woodwork, gorgeous glass behind the bar. It looks the kind of place Capone would waltz into with a dame on his arm, or Bonnie and Clyde Barker would dine at instead of rob. The back is not as pretty to me, resembles more of an Italian garden party theme, meets den parlor feel. I've never had an issue with service here, yes the waiters speak with thick accents, because they might be Portuguese or Spanish. This does not bother me when I am faced with accents from a language of a more speedy vernacular I listen harder. It usually works, or you can always ask a second person for help if you cannot understand your waiter. I would make reservations, it does get very busy on weekend evenings, they have valet parking which is always a plus in my book.
2	OK, I want you to know that this review is for my only experience there, which was a "business dinner" in the back room several months ago. I imagine that individual diners may have a different experience, but alas, this was mine. I do enjoy Spanish food (a lot...) and plan to return to try them out again in the near future.We had a smattering of pre-ordered tapas to start - these ranged from stuffed peppers and calamari (really tasty), to the traditional "tortilla" egg and onion dish. I must say that these were delicious and well prepared - these dishes definitely whet my appetite for things to come...For my main dish, I figured that a paella would be a "signature dish" for a Spanish restaurant, and decided to indulge. Unfortunately, I was VERY disappointed in this dish overall, as it was mostly a gargantuan pile of yellow rice with small amounts of chicken, fish, and seafood. I've had paellas many, many times, and have come to expect a certain level of excellence with this dish, although it is very challenging to prepare. Perhaps it was the large number of diners we had with our group, but this dish was hastily thrown together, and basically tasted as if it had come directly from a Vigo box.The atmosphere is nice - we sat in their banquet room, and it was an attractive, comfortable place to conduct our meeting and eat. Service was EXCELLENT - the wait staff kept all the drinks topped off, and were extremely attentive. I especially liked the sangria, it was delicious, and plentiful!So, while I've given it a paltry two stars for this single experience, I believe that mitigating factors could be in play here, and will give them a second chance sometime soon. We plan to focus mainly on a tapas style dinner, rather than having the entrees - the enormous portions of all the entrees I saw really was a bit of a turn-off... The excellent, friendly service, I suspect, is more representative of what they are trying to accomplish here.
2	I just don't see it.  I've had multiple people recommend Mallorca to me, so I decided to give it a try.  Wrong decision.The service is what I can only describe as a three ring circus where the roof of the tent is coming down.  I couldn't tell you who our server was (we were asked for orders by 3 different people) and things were flying on and off our table before we could even comprehend what happened.Looking for a traditional Spanish baseline, I decided on the Paella.  What was served can only be described as Uncle Ben's Paella mix from a stale box with the most minuscule and overcooked cuts of meat and seafood that can be found.Add in the high prices and regardless of the massive portion sizes, this is definitely a one and done.
3	The grilled selections, excellent. We tried the 34 oz delmonico steak was perfect, and the grilled seafood platter, yummy. Done to perfection. The highlight of the meal.Sausage appetizer, good. Garlic shrimp, good.The Paella and other dishes, meh. 2 stars at best. The Paella was a disappointment. They used their regular rice and just added stuff to it. Definitely not the classical paella where the rice and food is cooked together.The assorted seafood salsa verde, meh. The seafood was cooked correctly, but the salsa verde wasn't like any salsa verde that I had before. Bland. Not recommended. Definitely not green.Service was ok. It could have been more attentive. We had to keep asking for items, refills, bread, etc. This should have been handled automatically.All in all, I wouldn't consider this a Spanish restaurant, but a bar and grill. If you stick with the grilled selections, you won't be disappointed.
4	I hadn't been to Mallorca in a few years. It wasn't that I didn't like it anymore, it was that my wife and I don't get dressed up and go out like we used to. Plus, I was worried that Mallorca might have been slipping- I was used to a quality Spanish restaurant with overattentive service, delicious food, and a romantic ambiance. However, it seems like every other day, there is a new Groupon or half-off deal for Mallorca, which was giving me a red flag that something was wrong. A recent visit proved me wrong. The food is just as good, the portions are huge, and the European class is still there. If you've never been to Mallorca, part of the charm of this restaurant are the different rooms. Each room has a different decor, with lots of woods, colorful tiles, drapes, interesting stained-glass, and tablecloths and linens. The best way to describe the service is that everyone in the restaurant is like the butler from Mr. Deeds (I'm very, very sneaky). They have intoxicating accents, are dressed in formal wear, and usually swoop in two or three at a time to set tables, serve drinks, and place your food. If you're not ready for it, it can seem jarring, but at Mallorca it's all part of the Spanish charm.As for the food, the Spanish cuisine can't be beat in Pittsburgh. Here, Spanish doesn't mean tacos and burritos, but continental cuisine like fresh seafood, veal, and steaks, and they have a laundry list of specials like suckling pig, roasted duck, lamb, and other exotic dishes that they read off in a thick Spanish accent that is a show in itself. Each entree comes with bread, salad, rice, vegetables, and homemade chips- you will not go hungry at Mallorca.My favorite apps are their calamari or roasted sausage, which comes on a sizzling plate. For dinner, I enjoy the paella, which is filled with seasoned rice, scallops, shrimp, chorizo, clams, mussels, chicken, and a bunch of other stuff that tastes really good together. It comes in a giant steamer pot, so be prepared to take some home. My wife defaults to the Mariscada En Salsa Verde, which is a bunch of seafood cooked in a yummy green sauce. For dessert, we like their flan, although we rarely make it to dessert with all the food we end up taking home. Also, make sure you wash it all down with their homemade sangria, which is thick with alcohol and chunks of fruit, or check out their extensive wine list. Mallorca is a great place for a romantic dinner, celebration, or if you just like good Spanish continental cuisine and rolling R's..
5	Not quite sure why it only has 3 1/2 stars but it was amazing. We came here on a guest recommendation from the hotel. The food was just amazing as the service. Its is very similar to Italian yet different. I had the fresh Dover Sole whole. They filleted it perfectly (no bones) and it melted in my mouth. I also had the garlic soup and it was to die for. A lot of the items we ordered were on the specials, so I don't remember them. The wait staff was superb, friendly, and courteous even though we were a little under-dressed.The place might have been pricier and a little to much for kids in most peoples opinion, but so worth it and they were excellent to my kids.
5	Fantastic! I had the duck my husband had the veal. They surprised us with a shot of almond liquor and chocolate cake for our anniversary. The service was impeccable. Definitely would recommend it and come here again.
4	Try it out!We stumbled upon this place while passing through the city on Labour Day, partially because everything else was closed and we also overheard it as a recommendation. Both of us were quite pleased with everything and would definitely recommend. The service was SUPERB. The server was extremely knowledgeable about the dishes; everything from ingredients to how it is prepared. My friend ordered the steak  and to be honest it wasn't the best cut and was slightly dry, as well it didn't come with the gorgonzola as advertised however she was still pleased. I went with the sea bass and was delighted. Warning, they bring around a dessert tray at the end so if you don't plan on ordering dessert, don't look directly at it (we clearly broke down and ordered the gluten free coconut lime mango mousse concoction). The only downside was that my friend is gluten free and all of the sauces contain flour so she couldn't have any with her steak. It's too bad they couldn't offer a substitute or make a GF one on the fly.All in all we enjoyed our evening and would suggest to others.
5	My mouth waters just thinking about Mallorca. I haven't been here in many years because I moved to San Francisco, but having been in town recently, I decided to take my husband there. I was hoping it was as good as I remembered it to be, and I was not disappointed. We made reservations ahead of time since it was a friday night, but even still - the restaurant was not packed and we would have been able to be seated regardless. We started off with some drinks - my husband had beer, and I had a glass of their house wine, salad and bread. For appetizers, I ordered the garlic shrimp and he ordered one of their calamari specials. For the meals, he ordered a swordfish special and I ordered a 26oz stuffed lobster tail special. Dessert was flan and espresso for my husband, and I got the chocolate mousse. The appetizers were excellent, perfectly cooked and quite a large portion. The sauces were excellent and they came out quickly. The entrees were phenomenal. When my lobster tail came out, I literally got a standing applause from the table next to us. It was *enormous*. There was so much lobster, I actually had a doggie bag of lobster to take home. I've never tapped out on lobster before that day! The desserts were okay. The flan was quite good, my husband is hispanic and has high flan standards -- he loved it. The chocolate mousse left a lot to be desired and really didn't have the airy, light texture. It was quite dense. They offer a candied liquor as an after-dinner drink that was lovely. It is a pricey dinner - the bill came out to be about 180 dollars and we tipped to bring it up to 250.00$. Its not something that you do everyday, but there is no reason not to make it a regular outing. The service is absolutely impeccable with attentive wait staff and knowledgeable employees who are very well versed on the menu. There is a pay parking lot next to the place, which is small and would easily fill up.  Valet would be a nice touch. I'm looking forward to coming again on my next trip to Pittsburgh!
4	I LOVE visiting Mallorca.  It refreshes my great memories from my time living in Spain.  My friend and I visited on Friday to get some scrumptious spanish cuisine.  The food came out very quickly and was as good as ever!  The service is always great and fast as well.  I was sad to see more tables weren't filled up!The only thing I was bummed about was, the minute we brought out a meal deal coupon, the great service stopped.  We never got the shot EVERYONE (other than those underage) gets after their meals, we didn't get drink refills (we would have drank another glass of sangria!), etc.  But, otherwise, it was scrumptious as always and the service was great till the coupon showed up :)
5	This is really hands down the best restaurant in Pittsburgh for people looking for an upscale dining experience for a special occasion. Mallorca serves authentic Spanish dishes in huge portions and even though the meals are pricey, you are still getting A LOT of food for your money compared to other more expensive restaurants. For $35 I got TWO generously sized whole lobsters stuffed with crab and shrimp. The other guests in my party got Delmonico steaks topped with gorgonzola cheese and  mushrooms. The steaks were easily 12-15 oz. Everyone is served a salad to start and family style Spanish rice, vegetables, and Spanish potatoes (which are like homemade chips) with the entrees. As appetizers our table got the stuffed mushrooms and flambe Portuguese sausage which they bring to the table in a flaming cast iron pig shaped dish. The waitstaff is also super attentive...quickly taking away dirty dishes, refilling water, and giving us more bread/butter all before we even notice we've even run low. Amazing service, even more amazing food. 5 stars all around!
3	While in Pittsburgh for business, my coworkers and I were in search of a restaurant which was a little more upscale than a dive bar, had a menu of food that wasn't fried, and something with a lot of flavor.  After talking to a few of our coworkers who were local, they suggested checking out Mallorca since a few of us were already staying on Carson Street.  My  party was already seated at the small bar in the front of the restaurant with an opened bottle of wine when I arrived.  After fighting rush hour traffic for nearly an hour to go 5 miles, I needed something immediately...from a bottle or glass!  At the bar, I was handed a wine list but they only had prices by the bottle.  There are only a few wines available by the glass so be sure to ask the bartender what they have as it seems they rotate the selection.  The garnacha was highly recommended by someone in the group, who turns out is a legit sommelier (pretty sure he even had a card in wallet to substantiate that claim).  Sitting four across at the bar made conversation difficult (envision that Seinfeld episode), so we moved into the dining room which was kept completely separate from the bar.  Seating was tight, which was fine because I could "plate peep" to see what other people were eating and use that intel in deciding what to order.After hearing the comically long list of specials, I attempted to work my charm and request a hybrid of two dishes; jumbo shrimp with a curry sauce mentioned during the rambling of specials.  Because the sauce was made-to-order and specifically paired with the quail, I was told it was a no-go so I begrudgingly settled for the shrimp with white wine sauce.Bread and side salads arrived covered in an orange-ish dressing which tasted exactly like Ken's French dressing to me, but maybe my Spanish pallet is undeveloped.  It was a little chaotic when the food arrived at our small table.  Sides were placed willy-nilly on the ends of the table; fresh potato chips (random), steamed veggies (bland), and saffron rice (strongly resembled Zatarain's).  The winning dish most definitely went to my friend that ordered the stuffed chicken (Pollo Mallorca)...before I could ask for bite, his plate was clean...didn't even offer me a bite.  The sommelier, who turns out is also a master scuba diver (he has a card for that too) ordered the pasta primavera which was a heaping serving loaded with a colorful assortment of veggies.  The remaining dish besides my shrimp (I'll get to that later) was broiled pork chops.  The poor guy!  He and I shared the honors of "most hungry at the end of the night."  These pork chops looked fantastic, perfect golden brown, but looks are deceiving.  The chops required some serious muscle to saw through and appeared to be drowned in garlic sauce (which was more of a broth).  Now, the shrimp (smh).  Eight rubbery overcooked shrimp were swimming in a buttery bath on my plate.  The sauce was greasy and needed more wine and a tad more time in the pan.  My dissatisfaction must have been obvious, because the sweet talking, deep sea diving sommelier   convinced the waiter to bring a sample of the curry because he was "really interested in knowing what Spanish curry tasted like since he had never had it before."  What a guy!  The sauce was superb!  I have no idea why they don't use it in more dishes!  As I dunked my shrimp in the treasured sauce, I was happy as a clam...er...shrimp....well, you know.Since I was the one that suggested this place, I really wanted to like it.  With uninspiring flavors, steep prices, and only 2 out of the 8 thumbs up, the search is still on in Pittsburgh for a restaurant that wows me.
3	This place is pretty high class. Definitely not my usual choice for dinner because I'm poor, but my friend had a food voucher so we got a pretty good discount. The restaurant looked kind of small from the front, but there are multiple rooms and levels inside. The service was exceptional. I feel like there were more waiters than tables. We were waited on by like 5 different waiters. The one waiter recited the whole menu to us and made sure to roll his r's...rrrrrrrrroasted.   We started with bread and butter. The bread was fluffy and fresh. For a high-class restaurant, I expected high-class butter, but instead they used packaged butter. A small plate of salad with honey mustard dressing preceded our main course. I ordered the Pollo Mallorca, which is chicken breast stuffed with spinach, raisins and pinenuts in this gravy-like sauce. My order came with a side of Spanish rice. The sweetness of the raisins really added a unique kick. The chicken was a little tough and overcooked though. The sauce tasted like gravy. I think I enjoyed the rice the most--perfect texture and spices.  Overall Mallorca was pretty good, but the food wasn't really worth it for the high prices. The service was excellent though...they even clean up your breadcrumbs and scoop your food for you. It was kind of excessive, but if you want to be treated like royals...Mallorca will pamper you.
2	Not what I was expecting, I don't know if I have a taste for this restaurant. After 10 minutes, 20 dollars later, and 5 different waiters, my Vegetarian Paella came out.  A variety of different vegetables that you'd find in the frozen food section in the grocery store thrown onto a bed of rice. I just wish they had a more creative approach to the dish or even had a twinge of flavor. The only plus to this restaurant was that it gave an abundance of food (along with our entree we got, bread, salad, steamed vegetables,homemade chips, and rice).
5	This is going to be an expensive meal.  Because there are way too many things on the menu that you will want to try.  It happened to us.  And it was wonderful too.Spend the money.  The atmosphere is as good as it gets.  The wait staff are phenomenal in how they treat you while you are seated in their restaurant.If you want to impress someone, take them to Mallorca.If you want to treat yourself, then get yourself to Mallorca. It is an experience.
2	Getting to the restaurant from any direction is a challenge on a weekend night, on which the South Side is a hub of frenzied activity, hordes of young people throughout the area and gridlock on the streets.  Mallorca does not have sufficient capacity in its parking lot, which is adjacent to the restaurant, for which there is a fee of $5 plus gratuity.When one enters the restaurant on a weekend night, they must first navigate wall-to-wall people in the bar in order to approach the stand where the hostess and owner are stationed.  I have no complaint about waiting for a table.  As soon as all the members of our party arrived, our OpenTable reservation garnered us a table immediately.  The dining room is as loud, uncomfortable, and jammed with tables of diners as one can imagine.  The tables are placed so as to allow but a few inches between parties, not the way I wish to enjoy an expensive meal at an exclusive restaurant.  It is not possible to enjoy intimate conversation when one must lean over the table and speak loudly to address their guests.The strong suit of the restaurant is the gracious service and warm welcome that is provided by every skilled staff member, including owner Antonio Pereira.  A team of young men provides service to the table.  Mr. Pereira came to the table to ensure our satisfaction, always a nice and appreciated touch.Numerous specials are announced with flair, but without any indication of the prices, which are high. Our dinner check for four was $205.20.My pork chops in garlic sauce entree contained a generous three chops taking up a large plate, but they were served with no topping or sauce, and were dry. My fellow diners seemed to enjoy their entrees: osso buco special, vegetarian paella, and veal in cream sauce.  The portions of most dishes are generous and many will take home part of their meals.Rather than to allow the customer to choose what they would like, the restaurant makes it easy for itself by providing one type of salad and standard side dishes to all.  Included with dinners is a small salad on a tiny plate, topped with a delicious thousand island dressing.  Side dishes are plain, unseasoned, bland fresh vegetables: cauliflower, peas, a couple of carrot slices, and a couple of green beans, and a small plate of tasty, but not crisp homemade chips that had apparently been prepared long before being served.With the exception of the delicious and appetizing creme brulee, which I ordered, the desserts do not lend themselves to being shared; they are small portions.Mallorca, housed on the crazed South Side, and a significant distance from my home, is not going to be my choice for an expensive evening out in the future.
2	Not what is used to be.Food OK but prices sky high.We stopped by because we used to live in the 'burg and frequented Mallorca a lot. Not what it used to be..  :(
3	The service and overall experience was impeccable. I had a great time in the lovely large room chatting with my friend while we had sangria (delicious!), waited for food, and ate. The waiters were super friendly and attentive and even allowed me to brush up some of my Spanish. It wasn't the quickest time waiting for our food, but that's to be expected of a traditional Spanish restaurant. They were also busy Saturday night as well. We started off with the daily special appetizer of grilled octopus. This was so good, very tender, and it reminded me of Spain/Portugal. For entrees, we shared twin lobster tails stuffed with crab meat. The crab meat in it was very good, but I think the lobster may have been a little overcooked because it was dry and slightly tough. The seafood paella we got was a bit too salty for me. I actually liked the side of Spanish rice better than the rice in the paella because of the saltiness. The seafood in there was ok, but I couldn't finish even one piece of chicken because it was overcooked. The seafood in it was alright. I'm pretty picky with food even though I'll try pretty much anything.At the end, they gave us two shots of complimentary almond liquor which was a nice gesture. I'd probably go back if I wanted to get a nice dinner while visiting Pitt again to get the grilled octopus and try other seafood again, maybe the daily specials are where it's at. The lobster tails and paella didn't quite do it for me. The ambience was really lovely though, but I wish the food was kicked up a notch.PS They have complimentary valet parking to the left of the restaurant which is good because that area looked crazy when I was trying to get off the bridge
5	One of the best meals I have ever had in pittsburgh. The food is superb, the serviceIs fantastic, and the atmosphere is great. Highly recommend making a reservation and accommodates large parties. You will not be disappointed. Try the sangria pitchers - out of this world! Daily specials with fresh fish and other meats. Save room for dessert and cappuccino!
5	YUM! Me and my boyfriends mother went for lunch. We had the stuffed mushrooms, baked clams, and shrimp cocktail to start. It was all amazing, the baked clams were my favorite! She had the stuffed flounder, which was more like a giant seafood ball wrapped in flounder, VERY tasty! I had something that I can't pronounce! Starts like, Mari....I don't know the rest of how to spell it but it had scallops, half of a Maine lobster tail, clams, mussels, and shrimp. It was a little over cooked but good none the less. This is the second time I've been there and service has been impeccable each time! Can't wait to go back, I'll be making the boyfriend take me back for a dinner date next time ;)
1	Completely overpriced and totally underwhelming. That about sums it up. We had a girls night out and one of the ladies suggested Mallorca. I knew the bad rep Mallorca had (my husband and I ate here a few years ago and I have the same opinion now I had then) but I thought just maybe they have listened to the masses and changed their ways. Nope. Sorry to say they have not changed a thing.I ordered one of the specials of the day, sea bass and I looooooooove sea bass. I can never turn down a good thick piece of that fish. One friend ordered the paella and the other gal ordered a dish I don't know the name of but it was a seafood dish with a few different types of seafood. But out first came the salad that had way too much dressing on it (dressing was totally meh). When my sea bass was delivered I was so incredibly disappointed. It was this teeny little flat square that had been seared with way too much oil (I had even asked that they skip the butter lemon sauce because instinctively I knew it would be swimming in it). It was totally greasy, yet at the same time undercooked. I didn't know that the sides were served family-style so I thought that was all I got but it wouldn't have mattered. The side of vegetables was totally greasy as well and not creative in the least. Totally bland. The rice is exactly as all the other reviewers have described: Rice a Roni meets Zatarains. Totally bland and  you cannot convince it didn't come from a box. My friend's paella was terrible. Bland, overcooked and soupy. My other friend didn't even eat half of her seafood meal. And the final straw was when I got my check and saw that they charged $39.95 for my fish. Wha???? Pah-lease. Those are the same prices as Wild Rosemary and their food is absolutely stupendous and worth every penny. So fresh, so creative. This was total junk and a meal I could have gotten for half the price at Max and Erma's, or even better yet, Eat-n-Park. It was so bad.Yes, the service was great but who cares when you're so disappointed and angry about being so stooped on your meal?? I can't believe this place still gets business. And the service was actually a little annoying. The main server was great, but the assistant to the waiter came over at the end of our meal about 3 times asking us if we were finished and when we said no he just stood there looking at us like we just spoke greek. He clearly wanted us out of there.Mallorca: I have no idea why you won't tap into the reviews here and use them to your benefit. You have gold here. People are telling you they want to go to your establishment if you'd only serve good food at reasonable prices. I don't think that's asking much.I've now made 2 mistakes eating here. That won't happen again. Ever.
1	The service was exceptional...like nothing I've ever experienced.  Unfortunately, I can't say the same for the food which was borderline inedible.  I honestly don't think that I would ever go back (even if I were offered a free meal).
5	Yummy
2	I guess I'm due for a bad meal.  But actually the entire experience was rather bad.Here's how it went on a busy Saturday night at Mallorca:We had reservations and were seated quickly.  The dining room was packed.  We were given a list of specials that was quite long.  Monkfish, sea bass, duck and goat were items that piqued my interest.We started with a pitcher of sangria, white.  We were told that the red and white were the same, except for the wine base.  The Sangria was good, but I cannot believe that the red is orange flavored.  Note:  go with the red. The men also ordered drinks, which never came.Friends ordered stuffed lobster and prime rib.  Hubs had the paella.  All were served excellent portions and all thoroughly enjoyed their meals. I asked for more information on the goat and was told it was "large pieces of meat in a red wine sauce, on the bone".  The sauce was excellent.  The two bites of meat were also excellent.  The bone was apparently the spine.  Getting the meat was impossible, expecially with a large dull table knife. The pieces were also sawed apart, leaving large shards of bone throughout the whole dish. I was raised on a farm - we called this stew meat.  The balance of the meal: rice, veggies and chips were served family style.  I ate some rice, because I could easily 'sop up' my excess sauce.  No other plates were left to eat the sides.  The chips were good.Hubs asked for his diet coke, again, mid way through the meal.  My plate looked almost exactly the same when I was finished (except for the shards of bone that I stacked on the far lip of the dish.)We opted out of dessert but very much enjoyed the almond liquer which was served.I guess you need that clinker every so often to appreciate the fabulous efforts of the fabulous eateries of Pittsburgh.  I will try Mallorca again - I saw some beautiful dishes being served, some at my table.  But I will certainly stick to what they are known for - seafood.  Way too expensive to venture into other areas of the menu.
3	My data points for Spanish food are not from this part of the country, so I might have different standards.We organized a big brunch event here on a Sunday, and they were very accommodating. The set lunch started with sangria and an array of appetizers, like mushrooms, shrimp, and chorizo. Then each person got to pick an entree, with vegetables and rice on the side. After that, there was even a choice of dessert!The amount of food was eye-poppingly American. I stuffed myself on the appetizer, unaware that there was more food. The main dish I got was the paella. But it was, unfortunately, quite bland, with the chicken and shrimp overcooked. However, the dessert flan was pretty decent. I think this is a great place to hold events at, especially when the waitstaff was patient and coordinated. It is also surprisingly cheap, but again, my price point is from the SF bay area. However, personally, I didn't really care for the food that much, so I decided to put it at a 3-star.
5	A fun evening....the sangria was flowing and the meals were awesome. The restaurant was not very crowded and that helped with the noise levels. Always a good meal and great service has been my experience at Mallorca.
5	Eating the melt-in-your-mouth Chilean Sea bass and the traditional Valencia paella (mild) in the outdoor courtyard was wonderful.  The monk fish was very fresh and the branzino was flaky and tender.  The anchovy appetizer was by far the best I've eaten in the United States. The red Sangria was refreshing and the wine selection was good.  Friendly waiters topped off our evening.
4	Had a pretty good dinner at Mallorca, close to 5 stars, but not there (which is probably a lot, considering I am from Spain, and the owner is not). I started with a Gazpacho that was not very good. It lacked the texture and the taste, so I was anticipating a poor meal. Luckily, I had also ordered an octopus appetizer. The octopus was extremely tender, cooked to perfection. Unfortunately the potatoes that went with it were undercooked. That was kind of sad. It is so hard to cook octopus well that it is unfortunate to have the potatoes miss the bar. By the way, the portion of octopus was huge. I then had an excellent entree of Monkfish, very fresh and well cooked. I thought all the side dishes (chips, vegetables, and rice were unnecessary and did not add anything to the meal, honestly). I finished with the catalan-style Creme Brulee.The wine list is pretty good and I was able to find some excellent spanish wines, although they are a bit overpriced. I went for a Priorat (Camins by Alvaro Palacio).The service was pretty good, and they even offered free ham and cheese and liquor. That is very "typical spanish" so it gave it a nice touch.I felt it was overall a very good experience although maybe a bit pricey. If I had known portions were so huge, and there were so many side dishes I might have skipped some of the appetizers though.
5	I have been here at least once a year for last 10 years since a good friend introduced us to it.  Amazing service, sangria, and the food is off the charts. Take time to always listen to alllll the specials bec they usually beat the socks off the already amazing regular menu. Nothing they serve isn't amazing including their class and charm!
4	The service here was some of the best I had ever experienced.  The food was delicious, and each plate seemed like a mountain of chow.  I was with a friend who had a coupon, which was lucky considering the price.  Without something to make it a bit cheaper, I'm not sure I would consider the experience worth it.  Honestly, the best thing was the waiters with their sweet Spanish accents being lovely to my friend and I.  The sangria was also quite lovely.
4	Food was great.. Liked the Goat curry soaked in wine.. They gave rice which was very niceShrimp appetizer was spicy but nice with WineGood food.. Lot so order lessI found it little costly
4	This is a great place if you want some fresh fish or spanish cuisine in the Pittsburgh area.  They always seem to have a list of like 20 different specials, including so many fresh fish options I don't know how they do it.  I can barely keep up as they go through the specials list it is so long.  I also love their outdoor seating area when the weather is nice and the staff are very friendly and attentive.  The food is all very good, though some of it is on the blander side and could maybe use a little spicing up.  Some of the prices are a little high, but many of these are high quality meat and fish options and all the portions were quite large and entrees all came with salad and side dishes so you never go hungry. Though sometimes I wish I could have some variety in the sides they serve with it since the side of rice and veggies and those crispy potato chips can be rather bland.  I'd rather have a cheaper dish that doesn't come with all that so I can try some of the other appetizers instead.   I do like that they also serve up some of their fresh fish whole.  The flaming Spanish sausage is also a fun appetizer to get (it comes out on a flaming ceramic pig!).
3	The service here is stellar. This has a very exotic menu, and I tend not to like exotic things, so those who like to try octopus would love it here. That being said, I still enjoyed my meal. I didn't pay for my meal though, but I think the prices are quite high. I might return for a special occasion but for me, there are other restaurants where I'd probably spend this money before returning here.
5	This place is a hidden gem! A friend took me here before a concert on tues. Was my 1st time here. Wow!! Service was incredible, portions were unbelievable,  and the dishes were so yummy. Their sangria was the most delicious! Very reasonably priced for quality and quantity of food (and sangria). Dessert was devine. Can't wait to take my husband here!!
3	The food is ok. It is not as tasty as I expected, but the volume of the food is big there.
5	hey, Pittsburgh,you must try this place out. I went on the advice of a co-worker, and I am glad I did. the staff was warm and friendly, the food was excellent, the staff was very professional  and kind. besides the good food, it was really surprising to see no female waiters or servers. all were male. they were very forth-coming about the menu and what was the best to eat. we had a blast and had to take home doggy bags.
