5	This place is always packed but it's a convenient location for a caffeine fix.  And if I've got cabin fever from working at home I can sign on to the T-Mobile hotspot and crank out stuff for a few hours while being entertained with all the pedestrian traffic.  It's always funny watching people with laptops jockeying for a seat next to a wall socket.  And it's a completely random mix of customers in here.  I'm usually on foot but I noticed you need to be careful where you park in the back. There's a sign/diagram on the door to help you figure it out.
3	I do like this location, but I really am not a Starbucks fan.  I feel that if you buy a cup of coffee, then you shouldn't have to fork out more money for wireless access.  It just shows a lack of love for the customers.  The guests here range from high school kids to older business folks.  I do like to take care of some work here from time to time, because it is a fun place to people watch.  I just really just like Carioubo more.
4	This location is one of the coolest Starbucks I have been to (mainly due to environment). It looks like a house on the outside and is very spacious on the inside. There are many places to sit, read, sip, etc.It's at a great location off of East Blvd; however, parking can be tricky. Many people walk in, but if you drive, watch the signs in the back parking lot carefully. If you are in Dilworth, give this Starbucks a try!
5	My favorite one in Charlotte b/c it is not in a strip mall.  Parking can be tricky but you can always find it on the street.
5	Hands down the best Starbucks I have ever been to. It's in a nice area of town and it just looks like a house, complete with a front porch. The only negative is the somewhat limited parking. You'll find a spot, but you might have to walk a bit after that.
5	This is a friendly Starbucks.  Obviously most people know what a Starbucks is so I won't bore you with details.  The staff is friendly.  After a couple of visits, they remember your name.  It's pretty spacious inside.  I never stay too long but you always see people congregating and working or chatting, so it's a friendly atmosphere..They usually have free samples of some pastry or drink so you can try different things out.  They even have a drive thru.  One time I went through there and got a free coupon cause it took too long.  But it really wasn't too long, but free coupons are always nice.
5	This Starbucks is one of my favorites in Charlotte. They have plenty of room; tables, comfy chairs and outside seating. You can do anything from meeting a client, doing homework or read a book. Most of the times I have spent hours here enjoying the people watching and free wifi. The only bad part of this location is the parking, be really careful when finding a spot and pay close attention to the signs. Lots of people have gotten their car towed here, is like tow trucks camp out waiting for you to make a mistake.
4	Cozy, little Starbucks nestled right in the heart of Dilworth. Some of the friendliest baristas I've seen and lots of room to sit,  wash down a java and enjoy the free wi fi. I love the patio area that faces East Blvd, it's a perfect place to sit on a Sunday morning and people watch.But, anyone who has been there knows why I am not going to give it five stars: The cluster f*&* that is their parking lot. If you have to drive to this joint, chances are you aren't going to find a spot and beware of the Key Man ....which is super annoying b/c when I see the signs seeing the Key Man will tow you away, I automatically get the "Scatman" song in my head. Luckily, I live within walking distance to this Bucks but just watch out if you do drive.
4	So I stop at this Starbucks almost everyday after my workout.  I am in here at 6:30am and the baristas are extremely friendly and they know exactly what you want when you walk in.  I enjoy watching all the regulars come through as I sit down for about 5 minutes and enjoy my Venti Americano.  Plenty of seating options and a great place to meet friends to catch up over a cup of coffeeI would give it 5 stars but the parking areas is horrible - if I could vote rate the parking it would be one star. However, the location, the friendly baristas and the coffee we all love makes this my coffee shop of choice post workout.
4	Love the location!
5	I don't really feel like a Starbucks needs to be reviewed per se, since its product is standard across the country.  However, I will say that the environment of this particular location is what makes it better than any other in Charlotte. It is VERY spacious, and there are ample outlets situated around the store for you to plug in your lap top.  I've literally parked it here for hours doing school work and no one ever bothers me.  The only negative is parking.  If you come here during peak times (i.e. saturday afternoon, or the after work rush) parking is a beast.  Be aware that there are towing sharks around here.  Towing has been such a problem that Starbucks has a huge chart on their front door showing where and where not to park.  Other than that, this has been my new fav school work/caffeine intake hangout!
4	Definitely a huge fan of this location - great location, awesome interior - it feels like I'm in someone's living room.The baristas here are great - they know me by name and always know what I'm going to order.  I always get the same quality beverage I would expect from any Starbucks, but the people who work here always try to chat (unless it's extremely busy) and go out of their way.The only thing that isn't so great is the parking, and during peak hours it's difficult to find a spot and to find seating inside, but it is what it is!
5	I agree with Suzanne S. who noted the lack of needing a review for a Starbucks, but I also wanted to give a shout-out to all my baristas at this location!  They are friendly, always have a smile and a friendly greeting for everyone and my beverage comes out exactly the way I like it every day!  I really appreciate that they get to know all the regulars and it is such a pleasant way to start my mornings!The parking situation is a bear, but just make sure that you keep an eye out for the big, mean tow trucks.  Otherwise, this is a great place to get my "fix" every day.
5	The East Blvd. location does need it's own review because it is a pretty exceptional location. With ample comfortable seating an open spaces it is easy to relax and read, get work projects done, or chat with friends.The staff always seems to be among the best no matter who they hire.Watch where you park. The huge lot actually does not have many space for Starbucks and if you park wrong, you are almost guaranteed to find a boot or your car towed. Can't find a designated space? Don't chance it, park on the street or circle around until someone leaves.
4	Four stars for location, atmosphere, and outside patio seating. I'm not a fan of Starbucks coffee so I can't say the coffee was memorable. But I did like their black iced tea (with half the sweetener...I know Southerners like their sweet tea, but it's a tad too sweet for my taste).I enjoyed hanging out at the patio tables outside when the weather was nice and not too hot. Minus a star for weird parking situation in the back. If you park in the wrong section, which belongs to another business, you can get a ticket! So parkers beware!
4	This is my all time favorite Starbucks. Great location, super outside seating, really friendly staff; truly feels like your home away from home!
3	Great space inside, not very good space outside.  I think a lot of the previous reviews allude to the fact that parking here is a challenge.  I can imagine that this location is great for residents of Dilworth that can walk here.I'm not so sure I am convinced with the furniture placement since you end up in-between people having conversations - makes for an awkward time if you were just trying to get some alone time with a book and latte.Staff was friendly and got my order in correctly - pretty fast and efficient.  I may have just come at a good time though.
4	A great Starbucks in a great community. The staff is friendly, the music is amazing, and the energy there is just great. My only complaint? Finding parking is kind of a pain.
4	This is my favorite Starbucks before or after my volunteer shift @ Levine Children's Hospital. Granted parking is extremely limited, usually I hit the after church crowd on Sundays.The Baristas are quick, friendly & make my grande skinny caramel macchiato perfectly!I love the layout of the shop, too. Nice, long tables & "bar type" seating.
5	I love Starbucks. This location is great - busy street for people watching but quiet to get work done. Staff are awesome.
4	This is a uniquely laid out Starbucks. So many are plain and boring and almost cookie cutter. Yes, if you're facing the register, it is exactly like any other. But if you turn and look at the seating area, wow. Hardwood floors, a scattering of sofas and comfy chairs, a fireplace, a "downstairs" sitting area by the front door and even a patio outside with seating. I'm sure this was a really lovely home and now it's a really lovely Starbucks.Yep, the coffee is the same. Free wi-fi works well. Maybe not as many power outlets as I would like, but there are a good number of 'em.If you can't find a space on the street, there is a medium-sized parking lot in the rear with spaces reserved for Starbucks patrons.Tip: Be VERY aware when you're sitting at one of the "downstairs" tables. People can be clumsy and you could well end up wearing someone else's coffee. Or your laptop could.
3	I will admit that I am a coffee snob so Star Bucks does not resonate well with me most of the time. I see it as the Mcdonalds of coffee, all about convince. So this Star Bucks does not offer anything different than its carbon copies around town in terms of coffee or food, but what it does offer is a massive selection of seating. The seating area of this Star Bucks is nearly on par with a small food court with the addition of the amazing patio. I feel like this balances out the sub par coffee because its such a relaxing Star Bucks.
4	When it comes to coffee shops (and restaurants), my mantra is "choose local"... except at airports - you can't escape those franchises!. Yes, I am aware that I am not the first to think like this. On top of it to being beneficial for the local economy, I like that their ambiance tends to be warmer and quirkier paired with tasty foods and drinks! However, I have broken this rule with this Starbucks. The reason? The combination of location and, most importantly, outside seating. So, this is the basis of my review, not service, not products - those are pretty standard. It is not news that the drive down East Blvd. is beautiful with its historic houses surrounded by hints of spring. So that adds coolness points to this coffee shop. But what sold me immediately was the 2 level outside seating. Perfect for getting some work done! Although if you need to plug your computer, there's only one spot where you can sit. Regardless, this seating area is ample. There are ~10 tables that seat multiple people each. It's surrounded by trees that give you the perfect amount of shade while also getting your Vitamin D fix. This place is no secret... I wish it was. It tends to be crowded during peak hours. So, parking is an issue. When in doubt if it is an authorized parking spot, don't park.  I've seen cars getting booted multiple times. And of course it goes without saying - finding a spot to sit, will also be an issue.So, there it is - my confession. Although in my defense, when I first noticed this place I did not even think it was a Starbucks. The sign is kinda hidden depending on the direction in which you're driving.  Writing this review made me realize that I don't know of another coffee shop with plenty of outside seating. If someone can point me in that direction, I'd be more than happy to support some local places.
5	Ahh..home away from home!  This Starbucks offers plentiful seating, outlets, coffee aromas, and most importantly to me ENERGY!  I have found comfort and inspiration coming here to get some work completed!  As a "work from home" type I find the underground network here very refreshing!  Not to mention the coffee is always hot and prompt.  The whole experience gets my creative juices flowing!  Parker beware...only park in the DESIGNATED spaces.  They are not kidding and you will get a boot, but not of the nice leather variety!
4	Everytime I visit this Starbucks, I always get my work done! That deserves 3 stars right off the bat. They have the typical selections of any Starbucks, so no surprise there. I do believe their seating and open space is superior to others in the city. The hours are okay, but I certainly wish they were extended a little. The crowd does fluctuate depending on what time of day and what day of week you attend. The baristas are quite polite and do their best to make sure no one is left waiting for their order longer than they should have to. I have no complaints about this Starbucks except for the dreadful parking situation. Be sure to park where it clearly says Starbuck's Parking. Anywhere else could result in your car being removed. I witnessed this happen to a person parked one spot over from a Starbucks parking space, and it was unfortunate.
3	I need to start out by saying that this location would have gotten 2 stars if the place wasn't so great!! I personally do not like Starbucks coffee but the location is so great I often come to sit on the patio which is great almost year round. The service is always great.While parking use to be an issue, it has gotten a lot better. They use to tow you the second you walked in the door if you were parked in a spot that was not marked Starbucks. The city tighten up on towing laws and Starbucks worked out an agreement with the parking lot owners to get a few more spots. I'd still recommend parking only where it stays for Starbucks' customers.
4	I love this place. The lay out is in an old house. Great location in Dilworth. Service is very professional. A big knock: Parking can be tough when it gets busy.
4	I know what yall are thinking. Starbucks? Revoke her Portland, OR card!!!
2	There are so many things to love about this SBUX... Ample seating, cute exterior, decent amount of parking, consistently good drinks, friendly baristas... but all of that is overshadowed by the awful wi-fi... I just spent 30 minutes trying to connect to the internet and, when it finally happened, it was painfully slow!! This happened to me the last time I was here too :( I would love to LOVE this location but I think I'll save it for the days I just want to hang out and read a book... Not for the days that I need to get work done!
4	I was only in Charlotte one day when we found this Starbucks. It looked like an old house (because it is) and so I didn't see it. Once you walk in its awesome!!!  Huge amount of space inside filled with plenty of comfortable chairs to lounge in, tall tables and chairs and an outside deck. Instantly I found my new work office. I'm stoked!!!Oh, and they sell coffee.
3	This Starbucks location is adorable! I love that it is an old house and the interior has plenty of comfortable seating, and there is a patio to enjoy on warm summer days. The staff is friendly, but if it is busy you will wait a good while for your drink order (good thing you can get comfortable). The big issue with this place is parking! It is difficult to find a spot when it gets busy and BE CAREFUL where you do park. They have no reservations with towing your car if you do not park in a spot marked for Starbucks...I know...they put a boot on mine. They wasted no time at all putting a boot on my car while I was in Starbucks for 10mins, but I had to wait 45mins for the tow truck to come back out so I could pay him $50 to take the boot off of my car, in the meanwhile I watched several other cars get towed. Just be careful where you park while you enjoy this Starbucks location!
3	Good starbucks, standard starbucks affair.  Parking can be very difficult here though. Also, it is always packed during the day and you can't find a spots to sit down inside. Everyone seems to be there working and stealing their wifi.  Nice Location and its in a old building.
2	I have been a regular here for three years and lately I am very disappointed with it. Since they started their new policy of heating up more pastries, trying to get a breakfast sandwhich takes forever and its been so chaotic that they have forgotten my order or given mine to sonebody else on a few occasions. Additionally they have run out of breakfast sandwiches a few times now, including today, and its not like I got there too late or anything. Frankly it's become a totally annoying experience when it used to be a nice weekend morning retreat. Too bad the Dilworth neighborhood doesn't have many inexpensive breakfast options any more.
5	This is the Mecca Starbucks, look no further. The epicenter of coffee meetings, people watchers, college studies and anyone else needing a java fix. The parking is much improved though you still need to park in only marked spaces. The leather chairs against the far wall from the coffee bar are highly coveted. Get there early.
5	So far, one of the best Starbucks in charlotte. Been living in dilworth community since a year and I happen to land here just now. How could I have missed this place...
5	Love Starbucks... but have to say the Key Man parking signs in the lot have ruined it for me.  Key Man has way to many parking spots and needs to be lenient when they have a tons of spots free and Starbucks has none. Don't park or you will get booted- not worth the $50 fee to get free.https://local.yahoo.com/info-13219014-key-man-charlotteLove Starbuck but   hate    the parking situation...Also see the BBB and what has been going on for years.  The Key Man spots had tons of free spots available, and I agree that if the lot was full- then it makes sense to ticket.  The lot was not full so they should be friendly to their neighbors...  wow what a concept.BBB review on Key Man- http://www.bbb.org/charlotte/business-reviews/office-buildings/key-man-building-in-charlotte-nc-120818/complaints#breakdown
3	The place is nice and Big! lots of seating space with a few comfy seats such as lazyboy style seats. In a really cute house looking thing. The service is ok. A little more friendly would really make this place pop.
5	This is easily my favorite Starbucks in Charlotte so far. It's the only location that has asked for my name like they're supposed to, especially when they're busy. (the first time I visited, they didn't, but it seems they were on it the second time around). The staff are friendly and they do a great job with the drinks.It's also the most unique Starbucks I've ever been in. Located in an old house, it's not anything like the other Starbucks, other than the counter of course. There is so much seating here, too.I would only complain about the floor outlets as they don't seem to work for charging your computer. But no other Starbucks I know of has floor outlets. I don't think Starbucks intended people use the floor outlets; I think they were just there previously before the Starbucks moved in. The wall outlets work great. It's a busy location, just so you know. You can expect a little delay in your drink but that happens with the business.They don't have a drive thru as there's no space for one here. That's not a big deal for me, however, because I take the bus anyway. Public transit is pretty good in Charlotte, though it does tend to run a bit later than scheduled. But buses run late at night as well as the light rail. I would recommend getting to this Starbucks via public transportation just because the parking looks like it could be a little crazy. It's not far from the East/West Blvd Lynx light rail station and it's just one bus ride away, just take route 25 there. I still want to check out the Steele Creek Starbucks as I've heard good things about it but I think the East Blvd Starbucks will be my regular Starbucks from this point on.
5	This place is huge and still always full! I love the energy and positive environment. The patio is secluded and really nice. I take a lot of my coworkers to this place
1	I went in for 10 minutes to get coffee and the Starbucks spots were taken so I parked in one of the next spots over with absolutely no signs near it. I didn't see the sign that said don't park here without a pass. 10 minutes later I came out and my car had to pay $50 for the guy to take the wheel clamp off. And the coffee wasn't that great either, and was over priced as usual. They need more parking or more signs to warn people of this. I was one of maybe 5 other people who came out to that happening to our cars, one guy who had already had his towed. They apparently come every 10-15 minutes to check. Not worth it. Never ever coming back.
3	I am giving this Starbucks location 3 stars due to the lack of employee awareness to customers. Story: I arrived at 5:50 am on a weekday to finish report cards and at the time was the only customer seated in Starbucks. Three employees started to engage in a personal conversation, that was entirely too loud. I was seated across the room and could here their full conversation. This went on for about 10 minutes. I understand they were not busy at this time of the morning and having personal conversations, however the lack of customer awareness and the volume of their speaking was very disappointing. There also was no music playing ( I really just wanted that coffee shop music and get in that work zone). I asked if they could turn it on and a employee said it was broke. As more customers started sitting, the baristas got busy and their personal conversations died down.
4	The ambience are very nice, though interiors show deterioration (water stains on ceilings, pain chips etc). However it's not like the standard "Starbucks" atmosphere, which is very refreshing. I didn't like the service though, staff are not that friendly and attentive. Drinks are not up to par with some other local Starbucks I know either.
5	I LOVE Starbucks coffee shop!!!!!!The drinks are DELICIOUS!!!And the food and pastry items are also DELICIOUS!!!!!!The service is great, you always get a smile with your coffee!
4	What can I say, it's Starbucks...  Lol  I do enjoy this location for the atmosphere. A great spot to people watch.
