5	For THE BEST fresh made pasta on or off the island this is the place to buy them.From the moment I can remember, Christmas, Easter, or any special occasion has been filled with Casa dei Ravioli pasta.The freshness is incomparable. The meat filling actually tastes like meat and not just mushed up breadcrumbs.The same go for the Tortellini and mezza Luna's. I have tried tons and tons of other brands, store bought and specialty shopped and nothing comes close.This family owed establishment has mastered it and the staff is so sweet and friendly it just makes it a great place. Yes, it's tucked away on the east end of Montreal but it is well worth the drive where ever you are.Try it and you won't regret it.
4	A friend who is of Italian descent recommended this place as a great place to get some fresh pasta. He mentioned to me it's the place where many Italian restaurants and social halls source their pasta from. A check on their website it's almost 40 years old and supplies over 300 restaurants!  Holy schnikey's!  their pasta must be good!  So I had to make the trek down there to check to see if it was the real deal.  Having a bit of a tough time (based on their selection) I ended up getting a one kilogram bag of their mini ravioli plus 2 packages of their fresh meat cannelloni.  There is pretty much any kind of fresh pasta you can think of here for purchase!  Also most red or white sauces you can think of!  One other thing I will also try is their fresh gnocchi.  You see....package gnocchi just tastes gross, pasty and salty!  After having the real deal in Italy I must find something similar!The Maison du Rav is located in a semi industrial, semi residential neighbourhood.  Inside it's a pasta factory with large bins in the display window.  Tonight we tried the mini ravioli.  It's real meat!  Not the sawdust "non meat" discernible type you find at most grocery stores!  I'll update the review after the cannelloni and will definitely be back to try other types of fresh pasta and maybe a sauce or two!I'd concur this is the best place to buy fresh pasta in Montreal!
