3	My experience with Philly cheese steaks has been limited, but I do recall fond memories whenever I get the chance to enjoy one of these babies.Ordering the Philly Steak Special ($8.50 with green peppers, mushrooms, and choice of cheese), this is the only way I know how to enjoy a Philly cheese steak!  Generous portions for sure, I would have gone for more cheese though.  It was a toss up between the Pizza Steak ($7.50 with marinara and provolone) or the Philly Fanatic Steak ($8.50 with chili and all three cheeses) for the BF.  He ended up going for the latter after hearing the details of the pizza one.  This sandwich was overloaded with cheese and what a mess to eat!  Hearty indeed!There's a bunch of toppings you can choose from with no extra charge - fried onions, raw onions, hot peppers, sweet peppers, pickles, ranch dressing, hot sauce, etc.  The onions they'll load into your sandwich for you, but all the other toppings come on the side for you to decorate as you see fit.Their large sodas are humongous too!  Think 7-11 style!It's a semi-fast food restaurant.  You go the counter, order your food and pay for it.  Help yourself to the drink station and take a seat.  They bring your sandwiches to you and there you go.  It was pretty slow that Saturday afternoon we went, with a handful of people coming in after us.  Sidenote: There's a BOGO free with purchase of two large beverages coupon in the Supplement to the News coupon booklet.
4	I am not completely sure if Straight from Philly Steak Out is a chain or not, but it sure doesn't feel like it. The most random sports memorabilia hangs from the walls (definitely a man's idea of interior design) and the staff is all tough guy cooks and cashiers. This group might really be straight from Philly! Anyway, it is located within close proximity to the Galleria Mall, so after a day of shopping, I stumbled in to find a great chicken Philly. The menu really only offers hot or cold subs, but with a name like Straight from Philly, why would you even consider anything else? All sandwiches are made before your eyes, and with whatever you want or don't want to be included. If you are in the area, and looking for a good Philly, I suggest Straight from Philly Steak Out. Fogettaboutit. (Do they even say that in Philly?)Recommended sub: Chicken Philly with onions and peppers, add mushrooms and swiss.Recommended company: Somebody who can explain what all of the various jerseys hung randomly on the wall represent while you wait for your meal.
3	It's close to a meh but i'll upgrade it to a-ok.  My main reason for the upgrade is because once I ordered, I saw him pull out a huge slab of meat and cut it fresh for my order.  Props for that.But I wasn't impressed with my philly cheese steak.  I got a provolone cheese steak with onions and hot and sweet peppers.  It wasn't hot at all.  Like, zero heat.  I need some heat in my philly!  And they were stingy with the cheese.For $9, it was just alright.  I did eat the entire thing though.  I was really hungry.
4	I am not sure if this is the same place, I was there in 2001 and it was not a restaurant back then but more like a permenant stand!! I always got the fanatic philly with beef, chili and 3 cheeses. It is one of the best I've had, a definite toilet clogger.. a plus in my book 2 thumbs up, and a bag of chips ..
5	I love Philly cheese steak sandwiches but am usually disappointed when I compare what I get with the sandwiches I get when I visit Philly.  In this case I was very happily surprised from my first bite.  This place makes a great cheese steak, in fact I went back the next day and the second sandwitch was as good as the first... mmmmmmThe resturaunt is located a little off the beaten path but the sandwiches are worth the effort.  Five stars........
5	I AM IN LOVE!! Yum-o-La! Best philly cheesesteaks if you're not in Philly! I like mine with bell peppers, mushrooms and whiz and so I order the South Philly. My hubby is on a mission to try every single item....and so far he is doing pretty good, he eats here every day! I WISH I could eat here everyday but my butt would soon need it's own zip code! The owner guy is SO nice, he is very sweet and cool, and this is definitely a place you should check out! Please go here!
