4	Fantastic patio with great live music and half price bottles of wine on Wednesdays....this all equals a great girls night out.  I need to rave about the service...I don't frequent the South Park area often because to be honest I feel uncomfortable in a lot of the restaurants.  This place was awesome our waiter went way beyond accomadating us.  We were a pretty demanding crowd ....sharing appetizers, sharing various bottles of wine...sharing entrees....oh and can you split the check in 1/8ths for us....SERIOUSLY if I was him I would have screamed but he was awesome even if he was annoyed you could never tell.The singer/guitar player was great he even let us interrupt for a little song singing ourselves. The food was good, nothing to rave about but I did enjoy my mussels,and the cheese plate.. how can you go wrong with wine and cheese after all.
4	I loved it, met the owner who was there and he was a delightful host. Lot of food choice here .  I would like to try new items next visit.  Good friends eat there often and like the place as well.  Has a local following.
1	What a disappointing experience.  We came to Arooji's on a Sunday night at 6:30.  We were the only people there which was surprising.   Our friends joined us a little while later and we sat down and ordered some appetizers.  We had the Sambuce, which we were told was actually a Persian dish....it was the best thing we ordered.  The stuffed mushrooms were terrible, the crab cakes, equally as disappointing, definitely, NOT Lump Crab.  There were five of us and 2 of the entrees were sent back.  Even the entrees that were not sent back, were average at best.  The rice was bland and hard, the chicken dry, the balsamic reduction was like molasses.  The Manager, who initially was very friendly, never came to our table once he knew we were unhappy with our food.  They made no offer to compensate us for our displeasure, not that we were looking for anything.  We were overcharged for a very mediocre meal at best.  Very disappointing.
2	Took a dear friend and client there for lunch several months ago. Felt like we were interrupting something more important. With the place almost empty the service was still slow. The server never brought a soup we ordered. Server never offered coffee. He whisked the bread away half way through the meal. With such good bread, why the little frozen diner packets of butter? Next lunch will be somewhere else.
3	Nice place with a pleasant atmosphere. Get past its quite exterior and you are transported to a very well decorated interior. I was impressed with the entry way and it leads into a beautiful bar and seating area. They put some time and energy into their patio too...tv, bar...great place to hang out on a beautiful day.The service is good...especially if you are the only customer in the restaurant. We went in during an off-peak time and had the entire place to ourselves, which doesn't happen very often in the South Park area (where are all the people?). The food was just okay. In fact, it was a bit salty. However, the portion was of good size and it may be best to order a couple items and share so you don't get too much of the same flavor.
4	Second restaurant visited while visiting mom.  We came here friday night and it didn't seem crowded, though we only stayed inside for a second before choosing to eat outside because the weather is soooo nice down here. Seriously.  We both got a glass of reisling and it wasn't super sweet, which was nice.  I ordered the special, which was sesame seed crusted seared tuna, and it was delicious.  The amount of tuna was huge, so much larger than the portions I'm used to.  Mom got the eggplant parmesean with a salad instead of noodles.  It was yummy and the salad had an awesome dressing, I started dipping the tuna into it.  I splurged and got the key lime pie for dessert.  It rocked, very light and tart.  All in all a delicious meal and I'm looking forward to going back....in about three months when I can visit again, lol.
4	Great service, a wonderful wine selection, good food and relaxing atmosphere made for a really wonderful night out with friends.We came here relatively early on a Saturday night during restaurant week, and this place was fairly deserted (sadly).  Luckily, our waiter came right away and explained about their specials.  We opted instead to stick with the traditional menu.  I ordered the pesto gnocchi, which was very yummy.  The gnocchi was very tender and had a great texture, and the sauce was great without bring overly heavy.  One of my friends ordered the lasagna, and I wish I would have ordered that.  Wow, the lasagna was delicious, especially since it wasn't overwhelmed by a huge layer of ricotta.  I don't care for an overly sweet marinara, and the meat sauce covering it was not overly salty or sweet.I thought the wine selection was a little small for a wine room, but the glass of wine I had was wonderful (makes me wish I could remember the name).  I tried a couple of other wines as well, and they seemed to have a great selection of them there.Service was really wonderful.  Our waiter was very easy going but very attentive to us.  The decor was really wonderful, especially if you like a darker, more intimate place.I would definitely come back here, and next time I will be sure to order the lasagna myself.
5	Will make it simple, Great food!!!Have gone 3 times in the past 2 weeks. Twice for dinner and once fore lunch. Nothing I could get mad about. The waiter recommended a wine and appetizer. It was great the first time I went and has been perfect since, they even gave my daughter a gift for the hollidays. I truley recommend this place if you care about great food and service!!!Ps. The bread and dip stuff they have is amazing.
4	This Sat. night they were understaffed but polite. We had a Amazon Local deal, which always makes me a bit more patient (except when an otherwise amiable staffer intimates that some of these were "frauds" and has to verify that it's OK to use-this happened) My bad- should've mentioned at the beginning and not near the end of dinner.Went online and did a reservation only 2 hrs in advance-they hadn't seen it, so we ended up having to wait about 25 mins for a table. The lady who seated us polite and professional, explaining the staffing situation-got the feeling the res wouldn't have helped much.Baby lamb chops were terrific, balsamic reduction for dipping very tasty.  Grilled portobello on the side was excellent. Wifey liked her lobster ravioli. 29/21, respectively-would've felt better about 25/18-19 but I'm quibbling. And it's 11.50- but the blood orange martini is a must have.Recommended-hopefully they can overcome the staffing issues everyone's having in the restaurant biz.
3	Okay...it's gonna' be a long one because this place breaks my heart. It's so beautiful and so wonderfully located, and the food was amazing. (Although, frozen calamari? C'mon guys!) Obviously SOMEbody cared enough to make it gorgeous. It should be a huge success, buuuut. You're service. Ugh. Your service. You're a "wine bar" right?Our server didn't know the wines AT ALL. You didn't have an entire page of your wine list in stock. He promoted a wine that was on "special" which we ordered a bottle of, loved, and then you were out of. (There was only one other table in the restaurant.) When trying to sell apps he stated, "this is a wine bar, so you have cheese with wine, right?" as he read the apps off the menu. He kept trying to take a plate that was not empty even though we kept telling him to leave it. He didn't have any idea what cheeses were on the cheese plate he delivered to our table. (All the cheeses came out ice cold as well. Even the brie.) He tried to sell us another bottle that we requested be a dry meaty red and he brought out a Pinot that tasted so sweet it was shocking. Then he brought another bottle of wine, said it was his favorite and then proceeded to read the description off then back of the bottle to sell it to us. They "sold" us our food when they dropped it. And then to conclude, when he dropped the check, he said, "You guys have been great. You spent a lot of money!" Painful. I'll give you another chance. But ya' gotta' get your service up to par. I'll pay anything for good food, but the service MUST match the price point. At the very least, teach your servers at your wine bar...about the WINE. And make your servers LEARN THEIR MENUS. All of them. I'm not going to post this to my social media yet, but if the experience is repeated, I'm shoutin' off the mountaintops...because you guys have a chance to make it PERECT. Not a lot of people do in this industry. And fixing your service is the EASIEST part.
