5	I recently purchased a Groupon deal and decided to give Dance Life a shot. I was mainly interested in the fitness classes but was also intrigued by the belly dance/bolly  classes. I have to say it is the most awesome decision I've ever made. I started going last week and have been there every day of the week. The owner Arielle is just an amazing performer/ teacher and an amazing person, all the instructors are so friendly and awesome. The whole place has such a positive energy, it  just makes for such a joyous experience.  I love every single class I have been to and normally at the gym I find myself checking my watch every five minutes and here even though the class are an hour long it always feels like its over too soon. Very soon I'm gonna buy the monthly membership and continue my fitness journey. Its the best decision I ever made and  I would recommend Belly Dance to every woman I know, its such an amazing art form and I am so glad I gave it a shot, it truly has transformed the way I see myself and I am a much more confident person because of it. I love this place and I highly recommend it to everyone, you should most definitely check it out.
4	I went to Dance Life last winter to try out belly dance. Totally awesome! The studio is very relaxed and everyone is super nice. Arielle(owner and dance instructor)is totally great. She's good at making people feel comfortable-- and I love the fact that's she's a beautiful, REAL body type. It would be hard to get out there and shimmy next to a Jennifer Aniston or Heidi Klum body double. I also went to a ladies night where we got to try salsa and Zumba along with the belly dance. Tons of fun--and a great workout! My only disappointment is that the next semester of belly dance has always been held on a night that doesn't work with my work schedule, but I'm hoping to get in for some drop in fitness classes this winter. *check out the website or Facebook page 'cause there are always good deals running!
5	I have completely fallen in love with this dance studio!Arielle, the owner, is a total sweetheart. Her mother, Kathy, also teaches some of the classes, and between the two of them, you always feel taken care of. They, and all of the other instructors, take time to learn the students' names, get to know you a bit and inquire a bit about your life. Exercise classes can feel faceless so it's nice to be recognized.Atmosphere aside, the classes here are excellent. Several different levels of bellydance are offered, with clear explanations of what is what and how to decide which class is right for you. The intro classes are basic enough for the most raw beginner, yet I still like to go back to them (after several years of studying bellydance here and elsewhere) because I always learn something new. I've taken classes with almost all the instructors who teach here by now, and have found them all to be very knowledgeable. You learn the movements but you also learn about history, music theory, styling, etc. -- keeping the mind as well as the body engaged! There are choreography classes where you'll learn a routine, regular classes where you can just drop in and work on drills and a little mini routine, and "bellydance fitness" where it's more about getting moving than technique -- truly something for everyone.They've got other stuff besides bellydance too. Bridget's TurboKick class is the best cardio/strength workout you will ever experience. I have tried every fitness class under the sun, and consider myself to be in pretty good shape, but this class totally kicked my butt. After my first class, my abs, legs, and butt were so sore that I had trouble walking for three days -- no joke! I also recommend Sunita's Bollywood dance class. She puts together routines that go along with the music, and during class translates it for you so you get to learn the story of the song. In general, the instructors are all very friendly and personable, and just create a fun, supportive environment.Subscribe to the studio's e-mail list or become a Facebook fan to find out about special events and workshops (recent topics include burlesque, Bharatanatyam). You sometimes get coupons too -- like discounts for referring a friend, or discount coupons for merchandise in the dance clothing/costume shop. Also, they are constantly doing Groupons, Yelp deals, and other promos for new members, so keep an eye out!
5	This studio is an incredibly fun and welcoming place. It is a true second home. I have been able to try a variety of classes here (kickboxing, bellying dancing, and hip hop to name a few) and each has been a joy. The instructors are encouraging and uplifting. I always leave the studio in a better mood than I arrived. Thank you so much to all of the amazing women who make this place what it is.
5	I started taking dance classes from Arielle in 2008, and followed her from a previous studio to Dance Life. Arielle is one of the best instructors I've had (from about six or seven bellydance teachers). She is relentlessly upbeat, unflaggingly supportive, and makes class so pleasant that you might even overlook how much you're learning! Arielle and Dance Life's other instructors will help you gradually build your skills in an instinctive, rewarding way. Explanations of what, why, and how are clearly communicated. In addition to dance I benefited from lessons on music and culture, which helped me to better understand and respect the extraordinary history behind bellydance.Since moving out of the area I haven't yet found a dance instructor as informative and fun to work with as Arielle-- but I'm looking!
5	I found Dance Life through groupon when I first moved to Madison. I was hoping to find something to keep active and to make some new friends through. While I haven't been able to keep up a regular schedule of classes with them, I love the friendly atmosphere and instruction and try to drop in whenever my schedule allows. I recently tried the Ladies Night for the first time and am totally hooked! I really hope that it's switched to a monthly event because it is too much fun to not be. Arielle is such a good teacher and has a way of making you comfortable with your dancing regardless of skill level.
5	I've been going to Dance Life for nearly a year and its been a blast. Its so fun and welcoming. The instructors are so helpful. I always have a great time in classes. The focus is both on learning the art of dance but also on loving your body and your way of learning. Arielle and Mama K are the sweetest people who are always encouraging and knowledgeable. I love love going to Dance Life and I'm so happy to have found it.
