4	Being WAY overdue on my yearly eye exam, I decided to try this place out mainly because it took my insurance and was close to my hubby's work (he was coming too). Booking an appointment was easy and we were seen within a week. They called me the day before to remind me of my appointment which I always appreciate because I'm a forgetful person! The place looked a little bit older inside, but I'm starting to realize that here in Pittsburgh, older doesn't mean you're in for a bad experience! We were both seen by Dr. Shields. Although he is younger, he seemed very knowledgeable and answered all my crazy eye questions. The other staff were also very nice. They seemed to be up to date on all their equipment and even had a nice new machine to do the glaucoma test - one that doesn't shoot air into your eye. Bonus points for that! I don't need new glasses, so I didn't really take a look at their selection. It seemed a little small and I'm not sure how many designer pairs they sell, but I'll definitely check them out when I'm due for an upgrade. Overall, it was a pain free, quick check up. Worth checking out if you're in the area!
4	I have been going to the same place in Oakland for years but I decided to give this place a try because I keep admiring the glasses on people who go there. Like my friend Lisa, who always has the latest designer shades and looks so hip. Also, I heard the owner was a Lawrenceville resident, and I wanted to support a local business. It was a very good experience.First of all, the eye exam was the most thorough one I have ever gotten! I found out that paying extra for 3-D movies would be a waste, thanks to a condition that I didn't even know I had. I thought the selection of glasses was also good, ranging widely in price and style. My only regret is that I did not buy a really cool pair that a young assistant tried to talk me into - I now realize they were way more fashionable than the ones I did end up getting. However, the ones I got are super light and have funky blue arms, so I am still very satisfied. I just plan to go back and get those other ones now, because this place definitely rates a second visit.Tip: check the website for hours before you drop by, because they are only open by appointment on Saturday, so you can't just stroll in and get an exam over the weekend.
5	Danielle Staresinic is a terrific optometrist: friendly, thorough, and professional. She's the best!
1	I really wanted to like this place, but the fact is that it is a very poorly run business that simply does not deserve its customers' money. First, there is the problem with length of time waiting. I came to this practice for an annual checkup, needing new prescriptions for both eyeglasses and contacts. This required two appointments, one for basic evaluation and fit, the second for follow-up. For the first appointment, I arrived five minutes early and there were no other patients in the waiting room or office (I know because I walked by the empty exam rooms to hang my coat). Still, I was kept waiting for 30 minutes inexplicably without any apologies when I was finally seen. Since the optometrist kept me waiting for 30 minutes prior to seeing me, I declined the dilation saying I had lunch plans and didn't have the time. She gave me a quizzical look and said "well you sure didn't give us much time!" Excuse me, but I gave you plenty of time; you just kept me waiting for most of it. The second appointment was worse. It was just for the contact lens follow-up and reschedule of the dilation, so I knew it should be a quick appointment. Instead, I was kept waiting for a total of 75 minutes for only 15 minutes of patient care. Seeing that the only time they could see me was during my work hours, I was pretty annoyed they decided it was okay to jeopardize my job just so they can fit more patients in and pad their own wallets. The second problem is that of their questionable ethics. I have been wearing contact lens for years and my optometrists have always told me I have a slight astigmatism in one eye; however, it was so small that I didn't need special contacts so I was always given non-astigmatism contacts because that was the more sensible option. At this appointment, I told the optometrist I have a slight astigmatism but not enough to warrant special contacts. However, she then proceeded to give me a prescription for contacts made for astigmatism. During the follow-up visit, I again told her I don't see the need and like my old ones fine; she said "oh, yea, you're right, you're probably fine without the special contacts." Why would I label this questionable ethics? The contacts for astigmatism cost 40% more; I suspect she may have been trying to up-charge me. This would make sense, given the third problem: an inefficient business model. Both times I was there, there were three admin staff per one optometrist. The whole time I was there, no one seemed busy except occasionally one person would schedule appointments or order contacts. I used to work in an optometrist's office, and one admin staff was usually more than enough for one optometrist. If you think about it, every patient that walks in to this practice has to support not only the optometrist's hefty salary, but also the salary of three other workers. This may explain why they kept me waiting so long and why they tried to up-charge me on contacts. Lastly, there is the question of quality. I came in to this visit wanting new glasses and a new prescription for contacts. For the glasses, I will admit there was a young lady that seemingly knew a lot about picking out fashionable eyeglasses. However, when I said I wanted help picking out glasses, the cashier walked me over to the selection. Nothing against her, but she did not seem very knowledgeable about different styles. I repeatedly hinted I would like style advice, but after 15 minutes the knowledgeable lady was doing something else across the room. Frustrated with not being able to get help picking out a pair, I left unvictorious in my search for eyeglasses. (On a side, note, Lawrenceville Vision Care said it would take 3-4 weeks to get the glasses. Being that I couldn't be helped there, I went to Eyetique later that night, got great style advice, and got the lens and frames all within 30 minutes). More questionable, though, is the quality of the contact lens prescription. Being that I received no help in my quest for eyeglasses, i was at least hopeful to be successful in getting my new contact lens prescription, updated if necessary. However, after this whole ordeal was done, after the fit, follow-up, exam--everything, when the optometrist gave me my contact prescription, I looked at it and noticed the prescription was written the same in both eyes. "Oh," I said, surprised, "did my prescription change?" "Nope," she replied, "it's exactly the same as before." "Oh," I said, again surprised, "then why is this prescription for my left eye in a different strength?" She looked at it, and said "hmmm, what did your prescription used to be?" and I told her, and she changed it back. So now I don't know if my prescription has changed at all, because basically the prescription she gave me is just whatever I said it was. Being a Lawrenceville resident, I really wanted to like this place. However, after spending nearly
