5	Newly opened all suite hotel. Our room was very nice and large. Kitchen area with sink, microwave, mini refrigerator, Keurig coffee maker. Seating area with wall mounted flatscreen, media hub, sleeper sofa, chair, desk, free internet, can print from your room. Bedroom area with another flatscreen. Nice spa like bathroom. VERY convenient if you are a hockey fan, or seeing a show, right smack up against the Consol energy center. Close to downtown and near many places of interest. It was my birthday and they had a basket of goodies and balloons in my room and a card that said " Happy Birthday, we hope you enjoy your stay with us" Staff is friendly and helpful. Small eating area and bar in lobby but the In Suite Dining menu is nice and not overpriced. We are staying here for every game we come to see. A+++
5	My husband, our friends and I were all blown away by this hotel. The service was incredible, the rooms were beautiful and clean, the pool and hot tub were fantastic and the bar was great.The room: Just gorgeous design. Very modern looking with a great sitting area, business are and comfy king-sized bed. The bathroom had a great step-in, glassed-in shower with toiletries from Bath and Body Works. Also, a really amazing hair dryer that I was very tempted to steal.The pool:The pool was heated, on the small side, but very comfortable. They must have had some sort of buzzer on the door, because every time we went in, a staff member would magically appear with towels. The hot tub was super comfy and HOT. Just lovely. It was also open to midnight, and open early (8:30am) as well.The bar:Amazing service here. They had a special, $15 for 6 local beers. I wanted to bring them up to our hotel, so the bartender supplied me with a tin bucket full of ice, the beers and a handful of bottle cap openers, all of which we were free to take home. Apparently the 6 beer deal also worked for Budweiser as well.Service in general: I would find myself talking to the staff quite a bit in elevators, while checking out, etc. and all proved to be genuinely friendly and helpful. Location:Right beside the new and old hockey arenas, maybe a 15-20 minute walk to downtown and PNC park. Probably a $5 cab ride from anywhere in the city, though we were happy to walk everywhere.This is possibly the best hotel experience I've ever had. Every aspect of our stay was just wonderful. It cost a little more than some other places in the area, but the hotel more than made up for it in value and amenities.
5	New fave hotel for budget tours!! Brand new, very clean, great service & right next to Consol Energy Center. Great suite rooms w/ fab design- living room area w/ its own tv & bedroom w/ super comfy beds. Indoor pool & really nice, spacious gym. The mega plus was the huge lobby area w/ tons of sofas & tv's and a 24-hr coffee bar w/ grab & go food/snacks. Also had free wi-fi. Bus parking too. AND Bath & Body Works products in the bathrooms. Can't beat that w/ a bat.
5	This is a nice apparently new hotel.  Rooms are in great condition.  In my opinion a better value than the Marriott or other hotels in area.Parking was 14$ however - I didn't know this till I had checked in.  Also I wouldn't stay here during a penguins game unless you don't mind a lot of people
5	I have to concur with my fellow yelpers -- this is a lovely hotel. The hotel is very modern looking with new couches, tvs and bar in the lobby. Even the random snacks they have at their lobby coffee bar and snack area at the front desk are more specialty. The room was much bigger than I anticipated. There was a separate living room-esk area complete with couch, tables and tv -- desk area -- decorative divider wall and then the bed with yet another flat screen tv. Again the bathroom was bigger than I expected - modern walkin shower and all of the products were bath and body. The room even had a refrigerator and microwave - which for a road warrior such as myself are worth their weight in gold. Instead of the generic in room coffee maker they had k-cups! Everything was new.... the room was immaculate... service was great!Negatives: 14$ parking and no complimentary breakfast (I know I'm fussing but when you're paying as much as you are for this hotel you think you would get a few more perks other than free WiFi) and there's nothing around there so don't expect to be able to walk some place for a snack.Given that even the Hampton Inn downtown is $165/night this place is an incredible deal. You really get the quality you should expect for the price.
5	Great stay here. Spotlessly clean. Front desk staff is wonderful. Parking is terrific. I have been here at a time where there have been no events at the Consul Energy Center. It may be a very different place when filled with hockey fans, but I love this hotel.
4	This is a good hotel located steps from the Consol center and a 15-20 min walk to Market Square and PNC Park/Heinz Field. If you don't want to walk this hotel has an excellent shuttle service. They will take you wherever you want to go and will also pick you up and take you back to the hotel.The rooms are all suites and come with 2 comfortable beds and a sofa bed. The rooms also have 2 flat panel TVs and a Keurig coffee maker. The hotel has a small store which sells snacks and drinks. The hotel bar is worth checking out as well and has okay prices and a friendly bartender. They need to work on the details, such as they forgot the creme and sugar packets for my in room coffee and forgot the bedding for the sofa bed. Both were immediately corrected upon calling the desk.I enjoyed my stay here and would stay again if the price is right.
4	I was very happy with my stay here.  It was a nice room with a good layout.  While it is described as a suite, it was really just a hotel room that might have a couple extra square feet with a really efficient layout.  Everything looked pretty new.  My wife and I were very comfortable with our room.We didn't spend much time downstairs in the lobby, but it looked to have a lot of casual seating and a bar area.  It was complete with some grab-and-go food for people in a hurry.  Just off the reception desk was a small shop (w/ ATM) for toiletries and snacks.  There is also a nice-sized pool and gym.If you aren't a local, you will probably find Pittsburgh isn't the easiest city in the world to navigate.  One benefit of staying at CS is that you can just follow signs leading towards the Consul Center!The location wasn't great (unless of course you were staying here for a Pens game), but it is in the middle of a lot of things.  A ten minute car ride can get you to pretty much everything you want to do in Pittsburgh.I'd definitely stay here again if I was in Pittsburgh.  Recommend.
4	We stayed here one night while staying in Pittsburgh.  Four of us shared the room, which was nice and spacious since you get the bedroom and sitting room and bathroom.  The bathroom was nice and spacious.  One issue we had was lack of light in the bedroom area.  There was only the one small one lightbulb lamp in the bedroom that didn't give off enough light to read a book.  Also, if you are eating breakfast in the hotel, it is expensive.  I got cereal and a SoBe and it was over $7.  Wow.
5	What an awesome hotel experience. Spent four days here for two Penguins games. It was amazing.  The rooms are roomy and up to date. The pool is perfect. Great amenities. Plus, right next door to Consol Center. The game day experience is top notch. Our shuttle driver was the best.  He was from the area all his life and knew everything about Pittsburgh and the teams. He was great to our kids!
4	My wife and I stayed here for our weekend trip to Pittsburgh for our wedding anniversary on 3/30/2013.  Overall the place was clean.  We found a couple long black hairs on our sheets but it wasn't that big of a deal.  The lady at the front desk always seemed to be there and was very helpful.  She wasn't wearing a name tag so I didn't catch her name.  The shuttle driver will drop you off AND pick you up anywhere in a 3 mile radius.  This was very helpful since it's hard to find parking downtown.  The bartender was nice and the food of the restaurant was decent for breakfast for not being to pricey.  The suite itself was clean and roomy.  It was up to date and very classy.  I'd stay here again on our next adventure to Pittsburgh.
4	This hotel experience had many highlights but a few cautions for choosing a hotel in Pittsburgh. I was in town for a hockey game. The hotel's location is certainly one of its biggest advantages. The hotel parking lot opens up to the Consol Energy Center. The convenience was astounding. Also, the shuttle service was very good and the room clean and decorated nicely.Unfortunately, when getting ready to go to the game, we discovered that we had no hot water for a shower. It was a day game and I am sure everyone was getting ready at the same time but if a hotel recruits fans to stay there, they should be able to handle the complications that come with everyone attending the same event such as everyone getting ready at the same time. The water was fine the next day when I showered. My second concern was the service. The staff was very nice at the front desk, bar, and shuttle. However, it seemed understaffed. When we returned after the game, our room key no longer worked. Upon going to the front desk to fix the problem, we had to wait nearly 20 minutes in line. There was only one person at the front desk and many people checking in since check-in time happened during the game. Our problem took about 30 seconds to solve but the convenience of being in the hotel next door was canceled out by having to wait so long in line because of a faulty key. I am not sure why there was not extra staff there on a day game day at the Official Hotel of the Penguins.As I mentioned earlier, I really enjoyed most aspects of this hotel but these experiences will make me cautious about staying there in the future.
5	We loved staying here, on our road trip from Massachusetts. Won't bother to repeat what everyone else has said about the cleanliness and convenience of the place.One thing that stood out was the service, especially the front desk person, Kelby. He was just super helpful and generous with our family. We'd had car trouble and needed a way to get to the amusement park Kennywood, and Kelby took it upon himself to price cabs and help us figure out how the bus worked, etc. Another very helpful young woman (whose name I didn't catch, sorry) gave us suggestions and a highlighted bus schedule too.Kelby and the rest of the staff gave us nice tips and made things easy in lots of other ways too. Note to management: make sure Kelby and the others know they are appreciated!
5	Went to Pittsburgh for a football game and were lucky enough to have stayed at The Cambria Suites. The staff was great and friendly, had the pleasure to meet Kevin their shuttle driver who was a great tour guide and real gentleman. The bar at the lobby is great to catch some drinks and good food. The rooms were nice and having a comfortable bed with six pillows was a plus. We have decided that we would make this a once a year trip and coming back to Cambria is definitely our first choice.
4	It's a nice hotel. Close to Downtown Pittsburgh. One good thing about this place is the pool, hot tub and gym are open 24/7. The staff seemed friendly and my room was clean and stocked with towels.
2	No free breakfast, and the breakfast bar was closed because the didnt have enough guests to run it. Charged 14$ for overnight parking. Rooms were nice enough
5	Although I don't write a ton of hotel reviews, Cambria Suites definintely deserves not only a mention, but also some big kudos for the enjoyable weekend we experienced here recently.+ Location directly next to Consol Energy Center (it's right there in the name!) was perfect for the main purpose of our trip: seeing the Penguins in action.+ Spacious suite with mini-kitchen, living area and king size-bed. Plus there were two flat screen TVs for the limited time we were actually not out exploring and enjoying the 'Burgh.+ Although parking is $14/day, it is in their own attached lot (on top of the Consol parking garage) conveniently located directly behind the hotel.+ Extremely friendly and helpful front desk staff who were more than willing to help with everything, including complimentary shuttle service to anywhere within a couple of miles of the hotel. Also, has its own bar and restaurant.+ Affordable and comparable cost to the other surrounding hotels.Yeah, I would have no issue coming back here again. Heck, maybe even for the Stanley Cup finals this summer? :)
5	Wonderful experience from start to finish. We arrived at the hotel the day of the first Penguins playoffs game and were greeted with excitement and attentiveness from start to finish. The hotel had wonderful events for the games and Paul, the associate who checked us in (and out) was incredible! He made our stay delightful asking if we needed anything, offered recommendations for delicious eateries, and was just all around amazing. You could tell he loved what he does and in turn it made us happy to be there as well! Room was inviting, clean, and comfortable. The late night hot tub with relaxing spa music was just perfect. The hotel is within walking distance to downtown, with a beautiful walk filled with interesting architecture. Can't wait to stay again!
4	This is a great hotel to stay at in Pittsburgh! My boyfriend and I decided to rent a room for after the Burn It Down Tour concert at PNC Park. We try out different locations when we stay in the city, but we both agreed we will be staying here again.There are some great restaurants nearby and it's extremely easy to walk to the T and get to the North Shore.  The Consol Energy Center is literally next door would be great for an event in that venue.The rooms were large and clean. The hotel had a great pool, gym and it was great to have a bar available in the lobby.  We did not try the breakfast and only wish they had "free" continental like most hotels in the area.  I believe it was $10 a person for the buffet.
3	Good price on this hotel. Clean enough and a really nicely designed room (at least ours). Only downside was I could hear the tv through the walls of the other room. I'm not sure if the next door person was hard of hearing or the walls were thin, but either way it was noticeably loud for any hotel. Other thing was the pool was so chlorinated my eyes started melting as we submerged ourselves in the water. No pain no gain, I guess.
