4	The second location for Los Taquitos opened on October 8th, 2010, and WOW!  It's delightful.I've been searching for fast, delicious takeout in the 16th street/Glendale area for a few weeks now.  Up until last Saturday I was tortured by a sign:  'Coming Soon'Finally the wait is over and I can now enjoy delicious tacos for lunch.  The menu is varied, with anything from breakfast burritos to tortas, but I can't seem to make it past the tacos.Anyone familiar with the original location will understand the simple joy of the street tacos.  Small tortillas (double wrapped), well prepared meat, onions and cilantro.  You can't mess with that perfection.The Tortillas are light and delicious, and hold up to the meat well.  And the meat, ah the meat.  The choices are chicken, carne asada, carnitas and al pastor.  Shrimp is also available.I've tried each of the meat selections.  The carne asada is very tender.  The chicken is cooked to perfection as well.  Really though, it's the pig parts that really stand out.The al pastor is wonderfully flavored, with just a hint of crispness.  The carnitas are divine.  I don't know how they pack that much flavor into such a small taco, but it's far and away my favorite.Another big plus (for me) is the size of the tacos.  They're small, maybe two or three bites apiece.  Ordered individually it's a great way to sample a variety of tacos.  For me, I allow myself only two after hitting the gym.  I reward myself with tacos, and I challenge you to find a better system.Since it's a new location there are a few minor issues, mostly dealing with the register system and some slowness with expediting food.  I have no doubt that this will work itself out in no time.To conclude, I now have my go to lunch spot during the work week.  I'm also willing to bet I'll be stopping by on the weekends too.  Hell, I'll probably work out more thanks to my Taco Reward Plan.
5	Los Taquitos gets an extra star for their habanero salsa.  It made me sweat, it made me cry and I'm in love.  I drank the leftover salsa like a shot, it was that good.All the little things (slowish service and register issues) have already ironed themselves out.  Expect a delicious, fast meal.
4	I really love when I go to a restaurant and I am able to get a unique flavor that I can't find anywhere else. This love of mine gets harder and harder as I try more Mexican restaurants here in Phoenix. Los Taquitos reassures me that these places still exist though, and they do it with the Bombero. The Bombero's sauce is an enchilada-style kind of sauce with the twist of ketchup tang. It threw me off a little at first because I didn't know exactly what to expect, but as I munched on each bite, and the spiciness of the sauce began to take over, I knew that my taste buds had made a new friend. The al pastor and the chips were also very tasty, but I don't think many people will be blown away with those items like I was with the Bombero. I also want to add that the staff was extremely friendly during my visit. The cashier walked me through what I should try (recommending the Bombero if I was a fan of heat) and she didn't once seem impatient. That's always a huge plus to me. I'll definitely be back soon! I already find myself craving that Bombero sauce. You should definitely check Los Taquitos out if you're in the neighborhood. It's solid Mexican food at decent prices. If they add a happy hour, this will definitely be a busy spot! Next up for me, the original location!
5	This is the second location and its AWESOME!!!  They took it up a big step with a nice dining and outdoor patio area plus a BAR! Same great food and low prices, friendly staff as always.  Carne asada, carnitas & fish taco plate is mouth watering.  Cheese Quesadilla with carne asada is as tasty as ever.  Oh they have a flat screen HDTV to watch the games too!!
5	I had the pleasure of being one of only 30 attendees to the grand opening of Los Taquitos Mexican Grill last night, and I was absolutely impressed!!  The menu features all of your mexican favorites, from street tacos to burritos to quesadillas to a delicious shrimp civiche.  The food is exceptionally priced (think around $5.00 or less for pretty much any item), but is no indication of the excellent quality and delicious flavors that await you in every bite!The margaritas were absolutely phenomenal, and had I not been the driver, I would have been stuck there for hours just trying all of the different flavors available (such as Blood Orange, Prickly Pear, and Pomegranite).Their salsa selection was also extensive, ranging from a light, tangy Pico de Gallo, to their uber-spicy jabenero salsa (eat with caution!!).The location is convenient, the atmosphere was fun and casual (the place is small, but cute), the patio area (although tiny) was nice (and covered), and the owners were all SO friendly. Yes it was the Grand Opening, but I was still impressed that ALL involved made the effort to mingle with each table, introduce themselves, and chit chat throughout the evening.  Overall, I give this place a solid two thumbs up!
5	Welcome to CentPho Los Taquitos....Been wanting to check out Los Taquitos other location for a while, then I saw they opened up at 16th/Glendale.Went for the street tacos. Had 1 carne asada, 2 carnitas, and one each of the other pork varieties. All were excellent, very fresh, crispy fresh double-tortillas. The hot sauce is delicious, and they brought a squeeze bottle to the table for me which is a big plus. I also tried the Habanero sauce - not too insanely hot at first, but the kind of heat that creeps up. The whole lunch was $8 so I will be back.BOTTOM LINE: Welcome to PHX, I will be a regular
4	I remember seeing the Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives that featured Los Taquitos, but never got the urge to drive all the way down to Ahwatukee to try it out, so when the sign went up in the center near my office I was excited!The interior is really modern and they have a huge bar, which from what I hear, is very different from the original location, but they are trying to step it up a notch!  You still order at the counter and get a number, which I love, and take out doesn't take that long either.I have tried the chicken quesadilla and the carne asada quesadilla and loved them both.  The green salsa goes great with the chicken quesadilla, which was a helpful tip from one of the owners.  One of the best parts of the quesadilla experience here is that it is not greasy at all!  They use a white cheese (jack I think) and use just enough to make it cheesy without overwhelming it with grease, plus they cut them up in cute little squares that makes it great for sharing.  They also have good guacamole.The only downside so far is the beans....they are a bit on the runny side....but with so many other options at reasonable prices...I guess I can overlook this!
4	Never been to the original location but was happy to see this spot pop up in the "little-strip-mall-location-that-could"; just a hop, skip and jump from our home.I love the modern decor and the patio space. The service was very friendly and the food came out fast. The veggie burrito actually had more on it then I was expecting, it's simple but had lots of flavor for sure. I am still not sure about the salsa, it was different and had a nice bite but might take a bit to get used to.All in all I am very happy we have a vegan friendly Mexican spot in this area of Cen Pho that has good food and service.
4	I was very impressed with everything about this spot.The Decor was modern and well done. Open Lay-0ut w/ Patio.The Order style is Fast food style ...order at the counter and wait. Food was quickly made. Was Fresh and No complaints.The Food: I ordered a  Street Tacos plate with Carnita Asada, Pollo, and Shrimp. All of it was AMAZING. Salsa was Great too!!!.Will be back. ONLY next time I'll bring friends.
5	Happened to stumble upon Los Taquitos while my hubby was getting his haircut at the salon next door. I had already eaten, so I grabbed a takeout menu to browse while checking the place out. Interior was very clean and i am a sucker for a place that has a chalkboard menu. (yah, I know)Tried it out about a week later because the menu is a la carte(big plus if you want authentic food that is not suffocated with cheese) and I was not disappointed! Ordered the shrimp burrito and a bowl of pozole. Husband got a green tamale and fish taco. The shrimp burrito had a delicious white sauce that  I couldn't get enough of.  Their pozole is red and comes with fresh cilantro, minced red onion, lettuce, and tortillas on the side. The broth was flavorful and the pork super tender.  It even had just a slight oiliness on the top from the pork fat that I recognize as authentic pozole. Everything was EXCELLENT and came out piping hot .(not on a heated plate!)  I am going back tonight for some more!
4	Like other Yelpers I recall seeing this place on Triple D and wanted to try but I am a North Phoenix resident who never makes it to the Tuke.  Good thing they took over the old San Gabriel or whatever the hell it was before.I enjoyed the carne asada tacos, good salsa, good rice & beans though I can't say I was really feelin' the value factor as much as I would have liked.  I cleaned the plate and probably could have eaten more, though I did skip breakfast and ended up at Los Taquitos about 2 p.m. :)I'll be seeing you again Los taquitos!
5	Delicious. I try not to use that word lightly, but it definitely applies to the food in this place. The seasoning of the meat, the taste and texture of the beans and the rice, the kick of the salsas - everything is the way it should be. The staff is very friendly and the list of offerings is in plain sight, on a chalkboard menu above the counter area. Prices are great! The place is clean and has a very relaxed atmosphere (and the Food Network on the flatscreen at the bar during lunchtime ... very sneaky way of encouraging a big appetite). Nice bar area, and even an outdoor al fresco dining area where you have a view of the Phoenix Mountains. Lots of things to like about this place!
4	Good atmosphereVery well lit with tasteful decorCheap foodVegetarian friendlyWe had the veggie burrito which had potato, beans, grilled veggies and maybe cheese. It was very good though. Out whole meal with one burrito and chips and guacamole was about 7.50 which is better than chipotle and you don't need to get chipotlaway (southpark reference). The Guac was good and creamy and had a good flavor. The burrito was big enough to feed us both with the chips. I would definitely go back.
4	We were visiting relatives over Thanksgiving 2010 and staying down the street at the Pointe Hilton.  We're Triple D junkies and look for places Guy has reviewed when we're vacationing.  This is a small strip mall location that is bright, clean and friendly.  The food was very enjoyable, well seasoned, without a lot of frill and reasonably priced.  The salsas were great with good heat.  The carne asada street tacos were perfect and the cheese enchilada was soft, cheesy and tangy.  A couple cold cerveza and flan for dessert, and the bill was around $20.  Will definitely go back next time we're in Phoenix.
1	Well,  what can I say... this place sure has gone downhill. I ate here in the past and it was good. BUT NOT TONIGHT!Ordered Chips/salsa, Chimichanga, ... all was BLAND and no flavor.Friend ordered: Pollo enchalada w/ beans and rice...same story Bland and old bean and rice.ONLY THING I HAD THAT WAS GOOD WAS THE CORONA. LOL I had to look around again to make sure I was in a mexican joint. I will def not be back. Over priced too.I suggest u go anywhere else but here.
2	I really want to like this place because I work close by, but I have one thing to say... I always get the same thing because its awesome, Green chili burrito enchilada style with green sauce It is soo good but every time I get it the pork is pink (not my favorite) so finally when ordering I asked for the meat to be well done and explain why... I was told no.....no?.... hmm... I asked over and over why and nobody could give me an answer.... SOOOO my only guess is that its a pre-made frozen burrito that they slap some sauce on....other than that its not bad.
3	I was excited when I saw that this place offered street tacos.  As a result I ordered 6 total tacos, carne asada, carnitas and pollo.I would have given this place 3.5 stars after trying the pollo and carnitas tacos.  They are fresh and great tasting.  The carnitas was a bit too salty.  The horchata was a bit too sweet as well, so overall, 3 stars is a good amount.
4	After enjoying the food at their Tukee location a few times, I wondered if  the same flavors were available at their North Phoenix location. And happily, yes, they are. This is good stuff. There's a certain kick and complexity to the taste that you don't get in even the hearty Mexican drive-thrus like Filiberto's and such. It makes the extra cost seem worth it.And note that I am comparing this, a relatively nice sit-down-type place, to  Filiberto's. Any comparisons to Garcias or other pre-fab GringoMex outlets aren't fair. To the GringoMex, I mean. LT blows them out of the water.Anyway, they care about their food and it shows. The decor here is much better than in Tukee, which seems more or less like a taco shop set up in a hall closet. They even have a bar with a happy hour at this location.The prices are higher than expected, but not extraordinary.BTW: I think the photogenic nature of the counter help probably helped the place get that shot on Drive-in's Diners and Dives. Just sayin . . .
4	Tasty carne asada, tasty fish tacos.    Is there any more to say?   With all the options for cheap Mexican fare, it's not hard to be middling; Los Taquitos has a good thing going with simply seasoned well done fresh street tacos.Serving sizes are adequate to a little too much, and prices are very reasonable.    Definitely a new lunch go-to.
5	Excellent! My wife and I went for the happy hour $1 tacos & $3 margaritas and we were not disappointed! Go for the soft shell tacos and order some guac on the side and Enjoy! Staff was friendly and quick and the price was right. Family friendly and has a little patio with about four tables if you like to sit outside. Definitely going back!!
4	Not quite the menu as the original but the tacos and the service are hard to beat.
5	First time ordering take out. Small place with a very nice bar area. Very friendly. This would be a great after work hang out. Ordered the Bambero, AZ Style and Pozole for my family and they loved it. Trust me they are very picky mexican food eaters. Very authentic flavors with just the right spiciness and no greasy mess. Prices are reasonable and proportions are pretty large.
4	They have great tacos & happy hour prices. $2 tacos, who wouldn't love that, we saw this on DD&D and decided to give it a try, we took family here from out of town & they loved it as well. Small place but good food & friendly service!
3	Good steak burritos and tacos.
5	Went there after seeing DDD and Guy was right, best tacos ever.  Red salsa was hot but yummy.  If we ever come back to AZ, this will be the first place we hit.  Pastor and carne asada tacos were amazing.
4	I work right down the street from this restaurant and it's great everytime.  The staff is alwasy so nice.  The food always tastes freash.  i definitely recommend a visit if you're in the mood for Mexican.
4	Saw this restaurant's other location on triple d so i had to try it when i went to phoenix.  I was very impressed. I sample a lot of mexican food in so cal and this is excellent.  Loved the bombero burrito with asada and the carnitas as well.  I highly recommend this place
5	GO HERE. Seriously, just go. Stop reading this review and go eat some tacos because I don't want this place to shut down. It's surprisingly uncrowded for such a nice little Mexican spot. Granted, it's new, and I hear their other location does pretty well so maybe they just need a little while to get their following in this neighborhood. (Watch, everyone reads my glowing review and pretty soon I won't even be able to get a table).Their margaritas are perfect, and their $1 tacos from 4-7 pm during the week can't be beat.  The staff is super friendly and the food comes out quickly.  Love their beans, so make sure to get a side of those with your happy hour tacos.  Last Friday my husband and I stopped in, got 2 margaritas, 5 tacos, chips and salsa, and a side of rice and beans for $15.  Such a steal.
4	its located in a strip mall so i didn't expect much but upon entering their establishment i couldn't be any more wrong. it is a contemporary place with some pretty cool art in there. their chorizo, egg and potato is pretty good but i really like their street taco asadas.
3	Although decent not the most authentic or best tasting Mexican food restaurant you can choose from in Phoenix. The tortillas are a bit rubbery and the chips and salsa are not memorable. We had the chorizo and eggs plate and the chorizo and eggs burrito. The eggs were overcooked, chorizo was mediocre, the beans and potatoes needed seasoning. Don't think we will return. On the positive side, the rice was decent, they offered sodas in the bottles and we dug the nostalgic black & white photos lining the wall. Hahaha! I know, odd thing to mention but they were quite cool.
4	Recently moved near Los Taquitos and stopped by and picked up some tacos and posole for lunch both of which were very good! I'll definitely be back for more of both!
5	A local favorite of mine. I especially like the street tacos, the AZ burrito, and breakfast burrito.  Everything seems fresh.  A good value for the money. Good Mexican beer selection.
5	We arrived on a Friday night around 6:40 and promptly took advantage of the happy hour specials. Ordered 3 street tacos, one of each, and a blood orange margarita. The margarita was great, excellent flavor and gave me a nice little buzz. The tacos were delicious... so good that we both went back for another full order at 6:58! The place was doing a solid business which is nice to see in a small place and filled with all types of people - a couple families with small kids, elderly and young people. Looks great too - nice open door patio with lights, restaurant is clean, nice bar and tv. Only wish that there was a salsa bar. Service was great and attentive. We will be back for the daily 4pm -7 happy hour for sure.
5	I moved near Los Taquitos about two months ago, and it's funny that I've yet to write a review, considering I eat here at least three times a week.  I really love all the food here, but my favorite is the cheap veggie burrito.  It's the best damn veggie burrito in my sometimes sketchy memory.  Strange enough, and it's no lie, the second best was in Galway, Ireland.  Margaritas are excellent, and can be had for a mere $3 between 4-7.  Mmmmm.  They squeeze limes and use agave nectar for sweetening.  Very tasty.  Also try their chile rellenos if they happen to be at the bottom of the menu when you visit.  I want to go swimming in the sauce they pour over the chile.  Love the breakfast torta, slathered in a generous pour of the green salsa.  Great pico?  Absolutely.  I can't really write enough nice things about this restaurant, and the fact that you have a 20% chance of seeing me there at any given time should testify to my true love.  My only complaint is the styrofoam cups and plastic plates.  I really hate styrofoam.  Get real plates!!!
2	Been here a couple times for food.  Once for a beer.  Food is quite good (green chili) but their customer service is VERY lack luster, and I'm not picky. The people up front always smile, but it is always one of those f-u smiles.  Just a bad vibe.  They even charged for a water cup once. Not cool.
5	This place is fantastic!  I often went to their Ahwatukee location and was so excited when I realized they had another place right by my new address.The location they're in is considered a "death spot" since every restaurant that has tried to make a go of it there has failed.  I can only hope this place catches on because I'll go into a deep depression if they don't make it here.  This is REAL authentic Mexican food and the best I've had anywhere.  I love the street tacos and even the beans are the best I've ever had.Go now!!!
5	This is the best Mexican food I have eaten in the valley and I've tried many restaurants in the past 6 years! I love, love, love their carne asada street tacos! Perfect flavoring and combination of cilantro, onions and sauce. The homemade tortillas, refried beans, carne asada quesadillas and pollo tacos are also delicious.They offer a great happy hour with $1 pollo, carnitas and pastor street tacos along with $3 margaritas (very tasty), beer and wine.The service is fantastic and there is a nice patio for when the weather actually cools down!Try this restaurant if you like authentic Mexican food - by far the best I've had since my San Diego days!!!
5	Very pleased on my first visit to Los Taquitos!! Very clean, casual, simple menu and GREAT FOOD!! My husband and I both ordered the street taco meal, absolutely delish!! The beans were simple but out of this world flavor! Staff very kind and quick! For 2 dinners and a soda $16!!! Can't wait to go back and try everything else Los Taquitos has to offer!
3	Seeing all the five star reviews here and seeing the food on Triple D I was intrigued.  Then to find out they had $1 tacos and $3 margaritas for HH I knew I just had to come in and try this spot. This particular location has been many things over the years and when I saw a place with such a strong backing went into that location I had great hopes for fabulousness.We entered Los Taquitos and just stood at the front for a few seconds as two employees (I think, one for sure as she was behind the bar, the other-not sure based on her booty short attire) looked at us before returning to their conversation.  Clearly I would have to be the one to say something so I asked if happy hour was in the whole restaurant or just the bar area.  I was told to sit wherever I wanted for happy hour.  Not being told anything else such as, you order over there, or someone will be right with you, my party sat down. Someone (a third woman) came up and asked if we had been here before.  We stated that it was our first time, she told us at this time that we were to order at the front and then eat wherever we wanted.  IaApologized (why was it me that was saying sorry?!) that we didn't know, we were new to the eatery and no one had told us so when we walked in and asked about HH).  She told us we could take some time to look at the menu, but if we wanted to start with some chips and salsa we could get those now.  We said sure.  The chips were kind of stale, maybe left over from lunch.  2 salsas came in ketchup squeeze bottles and were warm.  They were good in flavor, but presentation and use were a little rough.  One had to very, very, gingerly squeeze the bottle in order to not be covered in the fast flowing salsas.  Also with our chips came a 4 oz to-go ramekin of guac.  The guac had nice flavor, and I thought it was cool that the chips came with guac  (my pleasure was soon dwindled when we paid).We ordered our food, 6 tacos and 2 margaritas and paid.  We sat down to get back to our chips while waiting for food.  I thought I'd heard the total wrong because something didn't seem to add up.  As we were ordering I heard one of the other women there tell a family that during happy hour chips and salsa were only a dollar, so I then found out we had been charged for it.  No biggie (would have been nice to be told as such considering more often than not it is included in the price), but having now realized this was not a sit down place I figured whatever, and a dollar was a good deal.  But as we sat waiting, I realized something on the price even with tax still seemed wrong.  I looked at the receipt to find out we had been charged $4 for chips and guac.  Awesome! Considering we said we would like chips and salsa, never said guac and were never told that it was not included... now I find out it cost more than the margarita....  Would have spoken up, but we had already begun eating the guac and that is just poor form to ask not to pay for something you were enjoying.  (Just as poor of form to not tell a guest who you knew had no clue how ordering went at your place of business that the chips that were offered were not included in the price....whatever)So I sit there slowly eating my chips and my 3 tacos arrive.   The rest of my party did not get their tacos, I figured that someone would be following right out with them......WRONG.  Five minutes later we had to go up to the front to ask where the rest of our food was.  Another 5 minutes later the rest of the food was out, and I begun eating my now cold tacos.  No one came by while we were eating to see how things were, to say sorry your orders came out 10 minutes apart and we didn't even realize we forgot the rest of your food, nothing.  There were only a couple other customers there, so busy was not an excuse.The tacos were tasty and they were stuffed to the gills with filling, which was refreshing to see.  The pollo was a little bland, but nothing that communal squeeze tubes of salsa couldn't fix.  The carnitas were tender and awesome.  The Pastor was a little spicier than I expected, good spicy, but I wish I had ate it last because everything else had its flavor after that.The margaritas were ok.  I applaud them on the fresh taste, agave nectar makes a difference.  However, the non-lightweight in me was left wishing it packed more of a kick.  They could definitely stand to use different ice cubes.  The cubes were the hard tubes, which is great for them because it fills the small (8-10 oz maybe) glass well so less product goes in, but it makes for a fast drinking cocktail.I really, really wanted to love this place.  There is a serious lacking in decently priced FRESH Mexican food places here in Phx.  The food itself was tasty, and you for sure got your money worth in tacos, so for that I would of given it more stars, but the service issues brought the stars way down (service alone would have been 1 1/2 stars).Maybe for call in take out, I could still love you. Maybe.
2	I wanted to like this place, I really did. I had a super craving for mexi-food and unfortunately where I live(N. Scottsdale) doesn't have too many authentic options. I have grown up eating mexican food from my own nana's,  & my tia's, prima's, nino's... (you get the idea) so I consider myself an accredited taco critic. I ordered an asada and a fish taco, which also came with rice and beans. The rice was the best part of this meal. The fish was unidentifiable and very mushy, it came grilled(? I'm not even sure). I took maybe two bites and that was it, salsa couldn't even save this. I personally prefer the baja style and would recommend rubio's or basically any other place for fish tacos, unless you like canned tuna fish in a corn tortilla. I'd also like to throw out there I thought their salsa lacked flavor and was watery! Ugh!!! Tragic!!! The carne asada was only slightly better it came out room temperature and had an odd smoky flavor. I'm all for grilling food but I get the feeling this carne had maybe been grilled a day or two before and reheated? However, my boyfriend had an asada burrito and his carne was considerably better. All in all a disappointing experience and I will not be coming back. I am curious as to how this place was chosen to be featured on Food Network?! Hopefully for their sake this was just a bad day for them and they step their taco game up. As for me, my venture for great tacos is aimed further South (:
4	The owner saw my review, and took the time to contact me.  I must say two things about this.... 1. I honestly think that if more businesses took the time to check out their Yelp pages, then less businesses would have poor reviews. and 2. If more businesses chose to do something to improve the perception of their business that the reviewer has in the case of poor reviews then more businesses would be flourishing.That being said, I must praise Los Taquitos for doing both.  I have not had a chance to come in to eat again at the 16th st. location, but will make a point to do so in the near future....so look for another update.  But, if the personality and customer service that I received from the owner I spoke with (Rosie) shines through to the rest of her staff on my next visit, then I have no doubt my update will be a rave review!Stay tuned........
1	Everything that we ordered, including rice and beans tasted like fish.  Even the red chili burrito that was covered is sauce tasted like fish.  They obviously don't clean surfaces or utensils after handling fish, let alone who knows what else.  Disgusting.  Would never go back.
4	We were going to panda express and notice the sign for this place and I though huh so went on yelp and found that it looked and the menu sounded Yummy and cheap...love cheap food haha. My boyfriend and I went here to try it out I love street tacos so was set on them but was wanting pozole yum. Decided on the carna asada three tacos and my boyfriend got the pollo tacos and we shared a quesadilla which was awesome loved the salsa too. The women at the counter was nice but kinda was confused when I asked for the three tacos deal...but its all good...loved the decor and the open sliding Windows awesome....dollar taco tuesdays are you kidding me we will be back lol!
5	amazing food!!! best margarita i have ever had...ever!!! the hh prices are insane, you better go for dinner right now!!! bombero burrito and asada tacos are all you need to know!!!
5	Do you ever get so hungry /hungover/ had too much coffee that you need an emergency taco?This is my go-to rescue place.  It's charming inside, and has a small patio.  The street tacos are right-sized and right-priced.  And damn tasty.    I recommend the pastor.  Don't be afraid to try something new people.  How many chicken tacos can one person eat?  Be adventurous - get a sope or a torta.  You won't be disappointed.
4	I found another Mexican joint to add to my rotation! Cute atmosphere, cheap booze, friendly service, and tasty food. I ordered a chili relleno and grilled veggie burro. The chili relleno was good, definitely unique. It was huge and filled with potatoes and cheese and covered in a delicious sauce. As a vegetarian, I love potatoes in Mexican food. They are filling and tasty and I don't see why more places would use potatoes for their Mexican dishes. They are dirt cheap.The grilled veggie burrito was delicious. Filled with beans, rice, grilled veggies (POTATOES!) it was super good. It was a little dry and I would have liked some hot sauce but all the hot sauce bottles were being used by other tables. (Hint, hint... more hot sauce bottles please!) My husband had the bombero burrito which he said was quite spicy but very tasty. We will be back!
4	The search is over, I have found taco heaven. I sampled a chicken, asada, and pork street taco. The pork was a little sweet and smokey, the asada was well seasoned and smoky and the chicken too was a winner, just not as a flavorful. My husband let me taste the Bombero burrito, OMG, was that Mexican barbecue sauce on the burrito? The dining experience was well worth the 30 minute drive. I would sample everything on the menu. Thanks for the suggestion Bill B.
4	I heard about this place while watching Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. My expectations  were high and I'm glad to say I was not disappointed. We've been in Phoenix for almost 5 months and have been on a mission to find a good taco joint. Not a taco restaurant, but a taco joint and we found it at Los Taquitos. I ordered the street taco meal: 2 carne asada and 1 chicken. The carne asada was seasoned well, the chicken needed a little more flavor and was a wee bit dry. The rice & beans were good and were not an afterthought. My husband also got the street taco meal, but instead of chicken he got the fish taco. He liked the fish, but said he would get 3 carne asada next time. The street tacos were a little in the small side, I don't know if there is another type besides street tacos that are a little bigger. We dined in and it would have been nice to have a complimentary basket of chips & salsa while we waited for our meal.We live about 15 minutes away, but will make the trip again very soon. I'm looking forward to trying the Bombaro.
5	only thing i have to say it about this spot it DAMMMMMM!!!!!! it made me slap the hell out my mama....SMH it taste nice in and fresh this is the spot after a few bottles of remy&pineapple ciroc....
5	Service is good and the food...especially the street tacos amazing...Hehe.
4	We go take out from here during a spring break visit. Love that they had a good veggie burrito -- not just a burrito without the meat, but a legitimate burrito for a vegetarian. Fish tacos were good and worth negotiating over the last one in the box.
5	WOWSERS!!! This place is delicious. F: I tried the carne asada and shrimp street tacos. They were just right. The only thing I didn't like was the shrimp taco needed just a little more flavor. They are grilled which I think taste better than the fried. I tried my brother's burrito and was pretty good. Wasn't overflowing with ingredients like other places. The red salsa is soooo good, better than green. Trust me.S: The service was great. The register hottie knew what was in the food. Made some great recommendations, especially about which salsa to use for my tacos and burrito.I highly recommend Los Taquitos, even if you live far, it is worth it. Give your taste buds a reward. Go now! Why are you still reading!?
4	Come in on Taco Tuesday - all street tacos are only $1! Got 5 carnitas (pork) tacos and a soda for under $7. Great tasting meat, delicious tortillas and chips, good selection of salsas and other toppings. Will definitely be back.
5	My husband and I absolutely love this place.  It is just across the street from where we live, so it's very convenient for us.  We love the food.  I definitely recommend trying the Carnitas Burrito chimi style and my husband absolutely loves the Chicken Burritos az style.  Don't forget the green salsa.  It's amazing.  For the price that your paying, they give you a pretty big portion.  I usually don't get any sides, because the burrito is more than enough to keep me satiated.  They also serve margaritas and cervesas.It's a nice place to sit down and relax while eating and since it's not in a busy location, there's never a line and always plenty of places to sit.  Don't take that the wrong way.  I wish more people knew about this place.  It's 100x better than Filibertos and more affordable than Chipotle.  Heck, even Guy Fieri dishes out only good things to say about this place.  Check it out.
1	Unfortunately, or fortunately perhaps, I did not get to eat here. I purchase a deal here and the day before it expired I found it. My mom had an accident and couldn't make it .. Called the next day and explained the situation. They didn't care!! They wouldn't even honor the $10 I spent for $20 of food.  Real family run place I guess. Very disappointed!!! Buyer beware!
5	I used to think America's Taco Shop was the best, but I was wrong.  I found Taco heaven here.  I get take out here about once per month.  I've had the chicken street tacos, carne asada burrito.  You can mix and match anything on the menu and they are cool with it.  I've never dined in but it is a very sleek casual design.  The staff is really friendly and it seems like it's a family-run dining room.  And it's super reasonable prices.
2	I went to this place because of the reviews. Maybe my expectations were too high. My usual standard that I judge a Mexican restaurant by are its chips/salsa and a beef burrito. I have to say the chips were some of the worse chips I have ever had. They were extremely dry and seemed old. The salsa was more of a pico and again very dry. Mostly chopped tomato and onion. The burrito could not have been more disappointing. The tortilla again seemed old and dry (sorry about the theme here...but dry was the theme of the night) and while I ordered the burrito wet, not only did they not put enough sauce on it, the flavor was mediocre. The beef was actually pretty good, but again...a little dry.
3	The chips and salsa/guacamole are pretty meh, but I love their tacos al pastor, so I keep going back! I keep meaning to try a torta or a breakfast burrito, but when I can get street tacos for only $1 on Tuesday, why deviate?
1	Sucked in by the "Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives" exposure, what a disappointment!!  The quality of the food was what you would get at a cafeteria and the prices were steep.  We ordered the veggie burrito, smothered along with a shrimp burrito.  Had one bite of the veggie burrito and just couldn't do it.  The shrimp burrito was tolerable, but nothing I'd order again.  The restaurant was clean and the ambiance was cute, the only two positives I can draw from this visit.
5	I LOVE Los Taquitos. I'm there every Monday and always get some sort of combination of shrimp and chicken street tacos, chips and salsa and a Mexican Coke.  No matter the combination, it is never more than $12.... and would be cheaper if we went for $1 Taco Tuesdays.The food is flavorful and spicy, and the service is excellent (we're big fans of Jessica).
4	There is a second Los Taquitos, owned by the same family as the original. I have eaten here a bunch of times. I had seen their other location on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and when they opened this one near my house I was thrilled. This one is on 16th Street at Glendale. It's a great street style taco shop and they serve breakfast,lunch and dinner. Their food is all good and authentic. If you are staying close by at the Hilton Squaw Peak and you want to eat some good Mexican food, head on over. I highly recommend the tacos. Check out taco Tuesday, they're only $1 or go for happy hour and get $3 margaritas and Mexican beer. I especially like to go for a late breakfast. The chiliquilles and breakfast quesadilla are great. It's always good.
2	There are some businesses you really want to root for and hope they do well.Los Taquitos is one of those businesses for me.The best thing about this location is the pretty ladies that work there.  :)I've been here twice to lackluster dining experiences.Today I ordered the special which was a chimichanga and drink for $6.99. Not bad except for the fact I got the wrong chimichanga. I got chicken instead the beef chimichanga I ordered.I also ordered the rolled tacos which is an order of 3 taquitos for $5.25.  If the food were of gourmet quality I could easily see paying that but for the quality, the amount served should be twice that.  The rolled tacos are OK just way over-priced.I'd really like to give this place one more try which is something that I never due after two really mediocre experiences.They do serve beer and wine so it might just be a nice place to relax and have some chips and salsa.  I've only been during lunch when I'm the only person in the restaurant. Maybe the cool crowd hangs here during the evenings. Who knows?We'll see.
4	Yes, I'm a fan; 3rd time at this location.  One thing draws me back; POSOLE!!!  I love Posole, and the street tacos are the perfect size to go with the posole.  Only drawback is that I prefer cabbage to lettuce for the posole.  Many people do like lettuce, but save that for the garnish...LOL...The beans are very good, along with the carne asada tacos; they are small, but, are like the ones I remembered in Rocky Point.  Yes, I will be back!!! Posole!!! enough said...
5	Since moving nearby two months ago, this has become my go-to grub spot. I've yet to order something I haven't loved and despite eating here several times a week- I don't get tired of it. The place is always clean and or being cleaned, the prices are great, the food is awesome and there is barely any wait to get your food. Its a great place to stop for a snack or a meal anytime. Plus they have amazing breakfast burritos and quesadilla's that are served 24 hours. Since becoming a patron, I have enjoyed the following items the most: bombero chicken burrito, chicken taco's, pastor burrito, pastor torta, chicken nachos, chilaquiles with red sauce, breakfast quesadilla and burrito with chorizo and green chile pork burrito. They have great red and green salsa in bottles so you are free to use as much or little as you need. They serve alcohol as well, if you prefer your tacos with  beer or wine. Overall, it's a great place with good food that you should definitely check out.
4	Tasty stuff! I had tacos and menudo, and was not disappointed. Prices seem fair.. especially if you order a daily special-
5	It's no lie. Soooo good. We are from the greater Los Angeles area and so have had many levels of Mexican food. From Not Really Mexican to Tacos in Mexico. This place was so good that we went BACK UP to the counter and ordered more.  Worth the short drive across Glendale from baseball spring training land...
4	We got an order of their Street tacos: 3 tiny little tacos. Did I say they're tiny? Not what I was expecting, but I'm not from around here! Still, they were very tasty, especially the carne asada (YUM!) and chicken. Carnitas were good, too! And a good price, too!
4	A great little place. Super food, lively service, and fast service for lunch. They also have options for vegetarians which is sometimes hard to find at some Mex restaurants.
4	Real authentic flavor.  I had the street tacos. Carne asada was my favorite, followed by carnitas. Skip the bland rice. Don't forget the unlimited marinated spicy carrots as a side!
4	I'm typically don't crave Mexican food, but when I do there are many options in the Phoenix area. I read some other Yelp reviews and this place was very close to home so I grabbed my friend, Donatella and checked it out. I had a hard asada taco and a fish taco. The asada was okay, but the fish taco was delicious. I will come back for a Taco Tuesday meal! I shared an asada quesadilla which was okay- the salsas that they offered were fantastic; the green had a nice kick and the hotter, smokey salsa made the asada items even better. Donatella had shredded beef tacos and cheese enchiladas. According to Donatella, we are coming back so it must be good.
4	Went here for street tacos tonight and they were very good, Nice little place and you can have a beer with your food while catching some sports on the television. I'll eat here again next time I'm in the area.
3	A good friend of mine brought me here yesterday after raving about the amazing street tacos and salsa. I'm always down for good Mexican food so we hopped in the Mom-mobile and were on our way! I ordered the Friday special which was 2 hand tacos with choice of rice or beans. You could choose chicken or beef and I asked for one of each and asked for a side of beans as well as I wanted to get the full flavor. My friend had the street tacos pastor, asado, and carnitas style.We also shared chips and salsa with guacamole.I ended up getting 2 beef tacos and no beans. I didn't want to make a stink about it because I didn't pick the restaurant but when I asked at the counter about the beans, they said they would bring them out and never did. Luckily my baby had beans with his cheese quesadilla so I did get to try them but meh..they were just ok. The spanish rice was under-seasoned and all I could taste was salty chicken broth. The guacamole was pretty tasty though the avocado was overpowered by the salsa that was mixed in to it. The salsa was very tasty. And I was kind of surprised that the chips and the hard shells on the tacos weren't house made or if they were...they've got it down to such a science that they seem store bought. My friend enjoyed his street tacos but he agreed about the rice being under-seasoned and over-brothed. The staff at the counter were nice, but they were firmly planted there. No one came by the tables to check on people and even though we chose to sit outside, they didn't move from their spot to let us know our food was ready. I'll go back to try again if we are in the area because my friend really likes it there and I want to try to get what he's seeing but I can't say I'd go out of my way to go back without him.
5	Discovered this place when we were craving mexican food at work one day. My co-worker, who is a native to AZ and has worked by Los Taquitos for the past 5 years, had never been, and always wondered about it as it is located in a strip mall. We were worried and questioned it, but when we got there for lunch, there was a line almost out the door. They get very busy during the lunch rush, but it is well worth it. I have tried a few things, but the Chili rellano burrito is the only thing I order now. You can buy their homemade tortillas as well. My parents always ask me to bring some with when I visit. Definitely worth trying out!
5	The carne asada burrito w/ beans is my favorite and the sasla yummy  pour it on .Thanks for having excellent mexican food.
1	Total let down! We went to the N 16th st. store, FYI, so if you are going to try don't do that one.  Nice modern interior - so no complaints about that - the food was just super underwhelming.  This place is said to be a triple D hit, but I think Guy Fieri may have been a bit off this time.  Chips and salsa were meh, the taco's were not very flavorful (so once again, meh) and my boyfriend burrito was kinda dry and bland.  Everything had to be doused in hot sauce to make kinda ok.  We were so pumped to try this place after all the great reviews.  I recommend don't waste the precious real estate in your stomach on a meal here.
4	I came here today for lunch, very clean spot, Rosie (cashier) was very helpful. I decided to try the carnitas torta...and I really liked it :) I will come here again!!
5	High quality ingredients, super prep, crisp & clean decor, all for traditional Mexican tacos, burritos, tamales, and tortas.  Stellar, I would eat there again and again.
5	This place is great!Nothing else to say...simple, reasonably priced, great tasting food!!!
5	Green Chili Pork burrito was juicy and delicious.  Taco salad with shredded beef was excellent - served in a fresh tasty tortilla bowl.
3	Great tacos. Just wish the restaurant was not full of flies!
4	Cool casual place that is clean, newer, and upscale for a quick lunch.  I love their carne asada tacos and that is pretty much why I go here.  They are seasoned heavily just like I love them with corn tortillas.  You order up at the counter and pick up your food but it looks like a service style restaurant because it is so upscale.  There is a bar and I am sure it gets busy in the evening but I live no where close to this so I wouldn't know.  Great little stop.
5	Stumbled upon Los Taquitos while staying at a hotel nearby, not realizing it was a local favorite. Delicious tacos! Carne asada was super flavorful and the sauce was spicy and delicious. Chips and salsa was good, not great, but it was a great meal none the less. Very cute interior and the staff was friendly too.
4	i have been to Los Taquitos a few times for lunch and once for dinner. Love the street tacos and the green chili pork burrito. The margaritas are $3 at happy hour and are surprisingly good. Certainly not the sweet mixer kind! We did have to wipe down our own table at lunch. But overall good food at a good price
5	amazing mexican food in a casual, slightly upscale environment, if that's possible in a strip mall.  very nicely done interior and clean outdoor patio.  they actually have a full bar and a flat screen, so i imagine it would be a fun spot to catch a big soccer match. the street tacos are fantastic, and the sauces and salsa are delicious.  friendly employees, no problems with service.  this is our local spot for quick, fresh, and delicious mexican.
4	This is a great little neighborhood spot to grab a quick and delicious Mexican bite to eat. Order at the counter and they'll call your number when your food is up. I went for the street tacos...al pastor and chicken. The tacos al pastor were terrific, with a rich, spicy sauce on the tender pork. The chicken also had a spicy marinade; both were double wrapped in perfect little corn tortillas. The salsa bar has 2 types of yummy home made salsa...red and green...as well as some pickled veggies and fresh lime with which to flavor your food. I got 3 tacos, rice and beans and a fountain drink for under $10. Nice.
5	You can't beat the carne asada tacos or the bombero burritos!  Al pastor is the way to go for a different, yet authentic taste of Mexico.  The family-owned vibe is very present and it makes the experience even that much more intimate.
5	Great little restaurant, great service. Just down the street from the Hilton Resort.  Quality food.  We had a wet carne asana burritos and street tacos.  Very tasty and delicious.  If you are staying at the Hilton and want quality food and service, you won't be disappointed.  Stay away from Aunt Chiladas across the street from Hilton it's horrible.
4	Very good street tacos with some good drink specials as well.  Tucked back in a strip mall but still a pretty cool atmosphere once you get inside.
5	Win!  We were recommeded to try this place by Mr. Guy Fieri and Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.  Previously we'd had some misses with his recommendations.  Turns out this place is pretty kick ass.  Simple menu items and very affordably priced.  Now you're asking... how does it taste?  Ah. Mazing.Got gitchya some.
2	This is an up-to-date looking Fast Casual place & there's a beer bar with big screen TV (which was turned low enough).  I stopped in to try my usual lunch at most any Mexican restaurant, which is a Combo with a Chile Relleno, Spanish Rice, Refried Beans plus a hard shell shredded beef taco, which I added ala carte here ($1.79).THE GOOD:*  Friendly service.*  Good sized Pablano Chile, good portions of beans & rice plus 3 hot corn tortillas. *  Everything attractively served.THE NOT-AS-GOOD:*  Some of the prices were shown on the wall menu, some not (including what I ordered!).* The Chile Relleno, the rice & the beans were all blah tasting.*  The open hours on the website for this location don't match those posted on the door.THE UNACCEPTABLE:*  I WAS OVERCHARGED!  The online menu for this location says the Chile Relleno Combo is $6.49 I was charged $6.99 plus the taco & tax.  NOT OK!!     :-O
5	Really great, cheap street tacos! I usually get 3 chicken tacos and a side of rice. The tacos are only $1 on Tuesdays, so I end up going there almost every week. Highly recommend!
4	Awesome tacos!! Great if you want to have a beer or margarita instead of just a drive-thru street taco which are so prevalent in Phoenix. $1 Taco Tuesday is a real deal!I also tried the Pozole: YUMMMM
2	I ordered take-out last night from Los Taquitos, upon the recommendation of a friend and a few Yelp reviews. I ordered the shrimp fajitas meal  (meals come with rice and beans) and my daughter had the kid's meal with a bean burrito. We also ordered chips and salsa.  15 minutes to pickup, and it was ready when we got there.  The total was $16.75, which I thought was a bit high considering what we ordered. The inside has an unexpected, modern bar with about five stools. The register lines are right behind those stools. It just seemed odd and out of place. The three women at the registers had their act together, but could improve on friendliness. So, we paid and were on our way, and I remembered the lady on the phone telling me to remind the person who rings us up that we get a drink with the kid's meal. Indeed, we did need to go back and get the drink cup. I just would prefer that it wasn't my job to remind them of something when they could easily write a note or symbol on the bag to remind themselves. So, we got home and opened it all up and tried it out. My shrimp fajitas came with the bare minimum...meaning no traditional condiments. Poor assumption on my part, I guess. None-the-less, they tasted pretty good, but nothing special. Now the chips and salsa - I mean, how can you go wrong? You can go wrong when the salsa is so hot that it burns for your mouth for five minutes after one bite and you end up not eating them and wasting your extra $2.50. One last issue. I noticed later that they charged me a dollar more than the price on their menu online. Not sure I'll go back, but if I do, it will be to try the $1 tacos.
5	Yay for $1 taco Tuesdays! These tacos are great. Pastor are the best, my daughters always get the burritos and they are good sized. Place is cute, clean and has beer :)
4	This is a good neighborhood spot, and it's location is perfect for those dizzy-days-takeout-required kind of suppers. I ordered the beef tacos, and they were respectable and good! This is a clean, no-frills store front, and the service is efficient, which is perfect for that witching hour right after a frenzied work day when I am craving crispy, savory, tacos like a baby to a pacifier. There isn't anything to distinguish this place from competitors, and that's probably my only complaint. It's just not distinct to stand out.
5	We were visiting for the weekend and stayed at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak. Thought we try this place since it's by the hotel and have good Yelp reviews. This place have excellent service, yummy food, good quality and so economical. We'll be back the next time we're in the area. Thank you :)
4	Love the food. I eat here about once a week and I almost always get something different. taco Tuesdays are crazy busy, but if you go a little later it has calmed down. I especially love the "Trainer Salad" with chicken. I will say that sometimes the food isn't consistent from one time to the next even if you order the exact same thing. But that isn't necessarily a bad thing, it just means that it is made fresh and they are humans. However, they can occasionally mess up your order, but will fix it for you no problem. I love that it is family owned and the staff is friendly. Can't wait to go again... next week.
5	I've never really been a fan of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, however when I saw the segment featuring Los Taquitos I had to go.  Absolutely the finest, most delicious wonderful Mexican food I have ever experienced.  The staff, professional, hard-working and courteous.  They are so proud of their business and for good reason.  That made me smile.  I'm definitely a permanent customer.  Everything was fantastic!
5	Authentic.  Friendly.  Affordable.  I had street tacos, for a $1 each I got some al pastor & asada... So good.  Plenty of options for salsa etc.  Love it.
5	THE Best Veggie burrito I've ever had! The beans and rice are great too. And...a very filling dinner and drinks for two for under $18!!! Can't beat that!
4	Love this authentic little place. Didn't care for talarpia tacos but the rest of it is amazing.
5	Soo good and fresh.  The staff was very helpful in our selecton of specials and little bites.  Yummmm!
3	Great street tacos!  Small portions but a good enough deal. The downfall is this is a no gun zone so I will not come back. Because we all know the criminals obey the no gun zone signs right? .
5	Awsome place. Guy Fieri never makes mistakes. Love his show and everywhere i go i google places he recommends. Food is very delicious. Fast service and great atmosphere. If you are in Phoenix you must visit this place!
5	This is our local joint and the place we go when we can't come up with a better idea and/or don't feel much like cooking.  Not to say that we could replicate what they produce or that there are better ideas for dinner, I meant to say 'Los Taquitos is our go to place for great food, friendly service and reasonable prices'.Typically we get the veggie burro (bean, rices, potatoes, peppers and onions) with a side of bombero sauce (which is super delicious spicy goodness).  Chips and salsa is great as well, with a sometimes spicy serrano and red onion dominated, almost pickled salsa.  They also have a red and green sauce to vary up the bites on your goodies, but I typically roll bombero sauce.  I would probably drink the stuff if they let me.Family and friends dig into the carne asada burros and street tacos and everyone we've taken here has been very happy with the food.Check the specials board as it changes on occasion and we've had some great rellenos and tamales at Los Taquitos as well.
4	Decided to come here after work for an early dinner with Dad.  I'd seen the Diners Drive Ins and Dives segment on their main location in Ahwatukee, read some of the Yelp reviews, and checked out their menu beforehand.  What I wanted was good Mexican food fast and cheap.  Mission accomplished.Their newest location in central Phoenix is in what I believe used to be part of the space that Coffee Plantation occupied back in the day.  Its in a pretty hidden part of a crowded strip mall on the northwest corner of 16th St & Glendale.  Parking was a chore, but surprisingly the restaurant wasn't busy at all.  I had expected a pretty bare bones Mexican taco stand feel (similar to Tacos Atoyac) when I walked inside, but the place is surprisingly modern.  Much more like a Chipotle than a Tacos Atoyac.We both got the Carne Asada Burrito meal.  I know their staples are the street tacos, but I was in the mood for something a little more hearty.  The burrito didn't disappoint and came with a side of beans and rice.  Plus two drinks, the total tab was just $18.  We were in and out in about 30 minutes, though its certainly comfortable enough if you want to hang around for awhile, and the outdoor patio is a nice touch.  Staff was friendly too.Not sure the food was as good as Tacos Atoyac (just a few miles west of here), but then again Tacos Atoyac is way divyer than this place.  For the more affluent north central crowd, Los Taquitos fits in very well with the neighborhood.  Its affordable, comfortable, and fast.  Just be sure to pack your patience when looking for a parking spot around here.
5	BEST BREAKFAST BURRITOS EVER!!! I have been on the quest to find the best breakfast burrito in all of Phoenix, and no restaurant has ever come close!! And I should know because I'm Mexican. I just know these things, OK???
5	This was a great hole in the wall Mexican restaurant. The pollo soft tacos I had very good and the emphasis was on the quality of the food, not the presentation  Highly recommend!
5	My god amazing carnitas street tacos with fluffy tortillas! Nice atmosphere and cute little patio. What a gem! I wish I lived on this side of town just for the tacos! Quick service, pretty typical menu, so yummy!
5	I work close by with  limited time for lunch. I call in my order and they are always pleasant even though I know they are slammed. The decor is nice, it's very clean and service is generally pretty fast. I cannot tell you how good there food is. I generally get the carne asado tacos which are amazing. I have had several items on the menu, I am always pleased. Their salsa is great to. Great place.
4	I'm a fan of Los Taquitos. The staff is friendly, the prices are reasonable and the food is tasty. During this particular visit, I tried the chorizo, egg, and potato burrito w/ rice and beans. I'd definitely order it again. I'll be back to try the carne asada tacos as well.
5	This is THE place I bring friends from out of town for awesome Mexican food!Best breakfast burrito in Az. Best tacos in AzBest chicken tostada ever!
2	Big disclaimer about this review.....I was finishing up my meal when I saw the waitress bring a bottle of red sauce and a bottle of green sauce to the condiment area.  Apparently, they have 4 bottles for the entire restaurant and a couple of customers decided to bring them to their table.  I didn't know that.  Chips/salsa are $2.49 and they charge for pico so I passed on both.  That being said, you're about to read a review for a Mexican food with no pico, no salsa, no red sauce, and no green sauce.  I ordered the "Choose 3" meal and got one asada, one carnitas, and one fish taco.  The meal option adds rice and beans.  All 3 were a bit dry (see above).  They just don't naturally come with a lot of wetness.  They have jalapenos and lime in the condiment area, but they are stored uncovered and they were dry as well.  The tacos were a little too bland for my taste, especially the fish taco.  The rice and beans are average.  The total was $7.12 but I did not get a drink.I'm a "sauce whore" at Mexican restaurants so you can take or leave my opinion on the food.  I'm used to having plenty to spread around and it's a bit of a turn-off to have to pay extra for it.Overall, the place is nice.  The service is friendly.  The food comes fast.  But it seems they need to choose whether they want to be a "street taco" kind of place or a regular Mexican restaurant.  If you order a 3-taco set, plus the chips/salsa, plus the pico, plus a drink, you're going to be close to $15 for your meal served on plastic plates.  For that price I'd probably go to more of a sit-down restaurant with a full menu.I'll give them another try when they have their "taco Tuesday" special where you can get them for $1 each.  And hopefully the sauce bottles will be available....
4	Perfect late night meal! Got in just before they closed at 9pm...super clean, modern, and worthy of more than just a quick take out stop.  Didn't see any taquitos on the menu...might have been the evening of beverage sampling that was catching up to me. Ended up with a lengua/carnitas burro and Jeannie chose two street fish tacos....both orders were super tasty! Need to hit this for lunch, or maybe some menudo for breakfast, one day!
1	Stopped in with my wife for a late dinner.   Bean and cheese burrito was good, but the rest was just so-so and for some reason the servers were not very friendly.  Projecting negative energy creates a negative environment.  We had been there one other time and it was better service-wise, but not very impressive this time around.  If you like friendly personal service, I don't think this place will impress you.  Food is okay, but in my opinion not amazing.  We wont be going back anytime soon.
5	I love this place, come here almost every week. Fast, cheap, casual and delicious. If you are looking for fancy Mexican this is not the place.Their margaritas are delicious, maybe a bit small.
5	We were on vacation in the area, and went there 3 times in 5 days. I couldn't get enough of the food here. The chiliquilis were heaven on a plate, with homemade tortillas and house made salsa verde. The portions were extremely generous for the price and the service was fast and friendly. Not a destination to if you want tons of ambiance, but if you want quality, homemade Mexican food, this is the place to go.
5	Great Mexican food at a very reasonable price. Nice lady at the counter had all our food ready in less than 10 mins. Highly recommend!
4	I was craving street tacos for lunch and Los Taquitos did not disappoint.  I ordered the pollo street taco dinner.  The tortillas are homemade, the chicken was marinated and cooked perfectly.  I also enjoyed the tasty beans and rice.  I would prefer to have someone take my order instead of standing in line, but otherwise had good experience.
4	This is my new lunchtime spot after seeing it on Food channel triple D. this is a second place they have.  Good food nice people.
3	Been coming here since January 2014. The food is amazing but today I ordered food by phone and when I got to the restaurant to pick it up the waitress or the person giving the orders was very rude and nasty.  I asked for forks knives and napkins because it was a big order. She gave me a dirty look and said that the forks and knives and napkins were around the counter. I said no problem and proceeded to finish my take-out order. This goes to show that no matter how good the food is at a restaurant poor customer service will always lose future business. I gave this restaurant a three-star because the food is delicious but as of recently their customer service has deteriorated.
2	Let me start by saying the food here had always been good.  The service,  however,  is hit and miss depending on who's working that day! Sometimes the staff acts like they just don't care. Many times I am the only person in the restaurant and when my food is ready the same person that took my order will yell out my number instead of walking 20 feet and delivering it to my table. Restaurants don't get it sometimes... business is so competitive that they must go the extra mile (or in this case 20feet) for the guest!
4	Taco Tuesday! $1 street tacos that are full of flavor. The happy hour is a little misleading. It's $3 for beers and $4 for the house margarita. If you get a flavor it's regular price (which they did not disclose when offering). The rice was authenticated but the beans were a bit subpar and had a lot of skins/salt. The salsa is fresh made and delicious! Definitely worth adding onto your meal.
5	Street tacos are fantastic!  Nothing fancy for a dining experience but the food makes up for it!
2	I ordered a Asada Quesadilla. I got a very small quesadilla. No salsa available. Was not fresh and who knows what kind of meat that was. I don't know, but it tasted awful and certainly wasn't steak. I don't know what qualifies them to be a Mexican restaurant, but I was not impressed. Your best tip will be to skip this place.
5	Love this place. The owners are gracious and very attentive. Terrific margaritas and fish tacos! I'll be a customer as long as I live in AZ. My favorite is the carne asada burrito with their pickled jalepenos and a horchata on the side.
5	We love this place!!Authentic and trendy, with awesome food that is fresh and original. My favorite is the shrimp burrito - and their tortillas are always fresh!!
5	My friend showed me this place. This is why we Yelp because I would have never found this place. Great little Mexican that is about as close to the real thing as you can get. I loved everything I've had but the green chile pork burrito is killer, try it enchilada style.
4	After seeing this place on Diners Drive-ins and Dives I wanted to check it out and boy am I glad I did. I have been there several times for brunch on the weekends for the chicken-scrambled egg chiliaquiles and a breakfast burrito. Now the fact that you can have a margarita for breakfast on the weekend is great and the food is good. Friendly and fast service makes it better. Totally worth checking out.
5	Wow! The food was fabulous and the restaurant was clean and well decorated. Overall, great ambiance. ( we loved the music and art) This is no dive spot.  It's the real deal at a great price.  We will definitely be going back and taking out of town guests for some authentic Mexican food, Phoenix style.
5	Great portion size. Rice and beans are great. Love the photos of Guy Fieri on the walls when he visited! Haha. The place is tiny but the food is delicious. Nice authentic Mexican restaurant. Go here! Better than Taco Bell and Rubios combined. And I LOVE Rubios.
4	Came here for taco Tuesday with a friend. Carne asada, pastor, and carnitas were $1 each and lengua was 1.50 (although, I did not know this until I bought 4 of them) they were out of pastor so I also ordered carnitas. My favorite tacos of all time are lengua so when I had a bite of these bad boys I was I heaven! Soooo darn good! Carnitas... Not so much, so I'm glad I only ordered the one. The meat was dry and almost tasted like soap! Horchata was delicious but gets a little grainy at the end. The restaurant itself was spacious with a patio area as well. There's a bar you can sit at. Staff is friendly. Overall very nice and clean! Great salsa and merengue music in the background.I will definitely come again!
5	We go here often because it's right by our house and also because the food is really good and nicely priced. We kind of have our regulars now: I'll always get the carne asada tacos and my wife will order the fish tacos and neither of those (sides included) ever seems to disappoint. We did venture from our favorites in the beginning and everything we had was still good but we settled on our usuals. The only menu item we didn't really enjoy was the enchiladas. They weren't horrible but definitely not anything we'd order again. It's also pretty tough to make good enchiladas in a short amount of time though (IMO). Overall, good cheap taco spot with some amazing rice as well!
4	I found this place a few months ago and kick myself for not finding it sooner. I live very close. I had a Carnita burrito and it was sooooo good!! The best I have had so far. I ordered rice and beans also and they wrapped up my burrito in tinfoil so that everything didn't get slopped together when i took it home. Their Margarita's are awesome!!! They are pricy after happy hour is over. I don't care for their guacamole, it really doesn't have any flavor.
3	Great for a quick bite. The food is good although my chicken enchiladas seemed a little dry. I'm not typically a fan of Mexican-style rice, but I thought the rice and refried beans were yummy. My boyfriend and his brother really enjoyed their burritos so I'll have to try those next time.
2	Not very good. I ordered the daily special, 2 hard tacos with beans. The hard taco shells may have been Old El Paso, I'm not 100% sure but they sure tasted like cheap store-brand shells. Very little meat that was way over-cooked to the point that it lost it's identity. About 2 shreds of lettuce (seriously), 1tsp of cheese (which I swear was a supermarket blend like Mexican Cheese Blend), and 2-3 tomato pieces. Very unappetizing.The beans has an odd taste of beef tallow. Not the good kind of fat like lard, but an off-putting taste that didn't compliment the beans runny consistency.My friend ordered the street tacos which looked better. But they said they were nothing special. My other friend had a torta and wouldn't finish it.Oh, and they lost our order, and other customers that were there as well. I had to remind them of our order and show them our receipt as they had no record of our purchase. Over 20 minutes to get our food.On the plus side the decor was very mexi-hipster.
1	I had the Carnitas Burrito and it had no taste. I definitely know good tasting Carnitas and must echo the sentiments of that famous line in the 1988 VP Debate when I say "You sir are not a good Carnitas Burrito".
5	On our way to the Hilton to meet some wonderful friends and play at the pool.  We were a bit hungry.   Wife and son had been here about a year ago and said it was good.  WOW.   A CARNE ASADA BURRITO WITH FLAVOR!  Whomever is in the kitchen, KEEP THEM.  The food was so good I couldn't wait to go back, had to stop on the way out of town.  We want to try the whole menu.  Two days in a row the wait staff were pleasant and happy to be there, like they had a vested interest in the success of the restaurant.  Clean, fun, fantastic food at a reasonable price.  Open one in Oro Valley!
4	Strictly stopped because of the reviews. Got a taco al pastor to go and a burrito de asada to go. The place is a little loud with music. The burrito and taco were good but not the best I've had, no napkins on my to go bag. Overall descent place to eat and/or have a drink. Definitely will try something else next time.
4	The grilled veggie burrito (I got it without beans) is pretty spectacular. Maybe a little pricey at just under $5 but very, very filling, stuffed with rice, potatoes, onions, peppers, and tomato. The red and green sauces were both delicious, a bit of a smokey flavor in the red, spicy and awesome. My sister wasn't super impressed by the beef fajitas. The location is great though, five minutes away, and I'll definitely be back for $1 tacos on Tuesday.
4	So many places don't have red chile, but LT does and its fantastic. Although I really like this place, some of the food is way to salty for my taste. The staff is always polite (or I would never go back) and the place is very clean. Street tacos and red chile are my favs.
5	This is my favorite place to go to recently. I had fish tacos and a prickly pear margarita tonight. My husband had the chicken burrito. Our friends had the carne burrito. Every time we leave more than satisfied. Everything on the menu is delicious!
2	The food is OK. Not great. The customer service is OK. I've been here twice in 20 hours because it's close to my house. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here though.
5	Viva Los Taquitos! Go to Los Taq for what they are - a walk-up restaurant with fun atmosphere, limited service and amazing food. Our favorites to grab and go: Chicken or Carne Asada burritos. Eating in: LOVE me some chicken tostada - the best I've had! Carne Torta is to die for either way, as is their Pico de Gallo! I've used Los Taq to cater too (pick up) and was thrilled with the experience. A note for those who are looking for the "Cheers" environment: My husband and i are there anywhere from 2-5 times per week. If the ladies at the counter don't know us, we simply take an interest in getting to know them! Nothing will come between me and my tostada!
4	I can't believe it took me this long to come to Los Taquitos. The street style tacos are really good, maybe a little spicy for some but that's the way I like it. I want to come back and have a margarita and maybe try something new.
4	Have been here a couple times and did not know it was the same people with the restaurant in Ahwatukee that was on Diners Drive Ins and Dives. This location is very nice and contemporary compared to the original location. This could do very well in North Scottsdale with the decor if it was located somewhere else.The burritos are very good but if you come here you must have the street tacos and the carne asada in particular. The Carna Asada is awesome in the burrito or tacos and you can't go wrong, but would recommend trying other items.I like the fact that you order at the counter and that they call your name. Makes it very informal and casual. I will definitely come back to this location over and over.  All i can say is great food and very nicely decorated location.
1	Have eaten here twice and had a bad experience both times. The first time I ordered take out and was shorted half of the food I paid for. I called and they were barely apologetic. Not to mention the food I got was below room temperature cold. However, my girlfriend really enjoyed her food so we decided to give it another try. I order her food and checked the receipt after I paid and was overcharged by several dollars. Again, barely apologetic. They did refund me the overcharge but this is the second strike and I've had it with this place.
2	Stopped in last evening with family. Ordered a quesadilla, smothered bean burrito and a smothered pork burrito, chips, salsa and guacamole. The chips, salsa and guacamole hit the mark. Everything else was below grade and cold. One of the gals (very pleasant) stopped by to see how things were and happily returned the plates to the kitchen to be heated up. Sadly, all that did was kinda warm things up, deform the plastic plates and make the tortillas chewy. Not a good experience.
4	We were by spectrum mall and wanted to grab a bite, my wife found this place not too far down the road and was craving posole- so we tried it out. I wasnt hungry but after seeing someone receiving their breakfast quesadilla, I had to try something. I chose the breakfast torta, scrambles eggs, chorizo beans and avacado- a few of my favorite things. My son got the regular quesadilla and my wife got her posole. We had to pay extra for the chips but the salsa's made it worth it- the green was my favorite but the red was better than most restaurants we visit- we didnt touch the chunky as it seemed to have too many onions for my taste. The Torta bread wasn't very thick, but I am not a big fan of huge bread slices- it was toasted nicely with butter and although I couldnt taste the beans- it had a nice combination of the ingredients. My wife's posole was tasty but didnt have much corn and she left unsatisfied as that is her favorite part, my son had a side of beans he layered on his quesadilla and what he didnt finish I helped out with. Good food, I would definitely come back, hopefully hungrier so that I could trr the shrimp burrito or enchiladas with an egg on top.
5	Simply put, amazing! Best carnitas I've ever eaten! Street tacos are fantastic. Try the trainer salad if you are watching your carb intake. Don't be put off by the mini-mall locale, this place is legit!
4	We went to Los Taquitos today.  My mom and I had the street tacos and we really liked them. My dad had the bombero burrito and he liked it and he likes spicy food but said he wouldn't order it again. The bombero sauce has a little smoky flavor and neither of us are a fan of the smoky flavor in sauces unless it's barbeque.   My nephew had the chicken enchiladas with the green chili sauce and he liked them.   VERY affordable good food. I would go back. :-)I believe they are remodeling which they need to do mostly cuz of the order area, soda area, and condiment area.  It is so congested in that area. It was FREEZING in there today, they need to turn the heat on.
5	Quick and friendly service at a great price.  Casual enough to bring the kids and food is great! Try the flan, you won't be disappointed.
4	Went in here last week and had a great dining experience as always.  I had the green chile chicken burrito which is divine.  About the only thing not super fantastic was the quesadilla my partner had, but still quite tasty.  Overall, a nice dining experience and we will be back!
