3	Fast and quick! great little place to stop for lunch if you work in the area. Friendly staff and great prices you will get a bang for your buck with their lunch specials. Plus, don't forget to pick up one of the frequent buyer punch cards for free food! This is one of the better azin dives in the area.
1	I will stick my weiner in a meat grinder before I ever eat here again.  The chicken (if it was indeed chicken) was chewy, the store itself was dirty (dead bugs in areas where they couldn't easily sweep).  If my posts end after this......you will know it was from dirty food
2	Not the worst Chinese take-out in the world.  I tend to stick with the Teriyaki Chicken for a quick, serviceable, cheap lunch or dinner option.  Everything else has always been a bit dry or bland.
5	I can't find better chinese food in the valley. It's not because I haven't looked either. I have been in the valley most of my life, and usually tend to get sick at most chinese restaurants (or shortly thereafter).I first went to Chinatown Restaurant back in 2006, and had their sesame chicken on a lunch break. It was the best i'd ever eaten! The only thing that came close to it was a business dinner in D.C. at a place charging $45/plate, and even that was only MARGINALLY better... and it was also on the other side of the continent from where I live!I have been going in every week or 3 since then, and pretty much ordering the same thing. The owners are a nice couple who have 2 kids that help out, and another family member that does a lot of the cooking and some of the delivering. It is genuinely a FAMILY business, and I've been happy to support it. Everytime I bring friends and family in, they love it, especially when they get the Sesame Chicken. It's the only thing on the menu I can recommend, because of the crispy (I'm dead serious, crispy...not like we say its crispy and it comes out mushy...like EVERY other chinese restaurant out there) shell surrounding the tender and juicy chicken. Add to it, their fried rice (add extra chopped up egg, and it's perfect!) and a bbq pork bun (fresh baked sweet bun with some bbq pork in the center) and you'll be in heaven.Anytime I deviate from that order, I tend to be let down, so I stick with it! Some of my friends and family like some of their other items.... but this is my review dang it! They can write their own!We're outside their delivery area now by a mile or two, but for a buck or so extra they'll deliver, which we love!The dining area is pretty clean, with daily newspapers usually on a table or two for customers to read. The tables are always clean, which is refreshing (it shouldn't need to be refreshing, however, I eat at taco bell, mcdonalds, subway, etc... and they NEVER clean their tables), and you can top off your drink as much as you want. They also have a nice fish tank, which gives your mind something to do while you wait for your freshly made food to come out. They also have a hdtv, which is usually tuned to a chinese/hong kong station. I watched the new years countdown in Hong Kong live last year lol!1 word of caution, avoid the bathrooms. Walk next door to Frys.
5	I think we discovered a new take away favorite that will not break the bank, within walking distance and with exceptional food.  I couldn't believe the quality of the ingredients is outstanding, the portions are more than expected, the combination of flavors is just right,  and the price us unbeatable.  Nope, I don't work there, I was looking to try something other than Lin's or the Golden Egg-roll.  Trust me, they better catch up!  the Poo Poo Platter is flavorful, tender and don't taste like reused fried oil.  the house fried rice cleans up the fridge with big identifiable pieces of all ingredients, the Mongolian beef... Oh well, I'll shut up, you go and try it.  It's Ab-Fab, Stoli and all, pass the bottle Patsy...!
4	Been coming here for a few years, 2-3x weekly. I've tried pretty much everything and it's all good, although I generally go with my favourite combo lo mein. The front of the house is clean, but the restroom is... well, it kind of calls Silent Hill to mind. Prices are reasonable and the staff are all friendly and competent.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE.The food here is the worst Chinese food we have ever tasted. My girlfriend and I took one bite of our dinner and left. Garbage, junk and complete trash. The reviewer who said he would "Stick his wiener in a meat grinder" was not exaggerating! We should have heeded his warning.
1	Just. Don't. Go. EVER. If you do, God help you. *kneeling in prayer*Wish we could give this zero stars. But if we could, we'd give it 5 full stars for being "as scary as it gets".Hubby and I love all kind of trashy things and we are open to all Chinese food experiences. We even did a U-turn to get to this place since we were really hungry.The place was empty so we had many seating options. NONE of the tables were clean. ALL of the seats are ripped. The huge television mounted over the front counter was airing a DENTAL PROCEDURE ON ROTTEN TEETH. Seriously.  We almost barfed. The elderly Chinese lady who works there was watching this intently and wouldn't change the channel.We ordered our meals and then searched for a semi-decent place to sit, far away and facing away from the television. We used our water on a napkin to clean our table by ourselves. The napkin came up black, and this is not even an exaggeration. We wish it were.The food was as greasy as it gets.The soup was the most horrifying. We'll eat hospital food. We'll eat airplane food. We'll even eat school cafeteria pizza squares. But we couldn't eat the soup.The bathrooms were out of a Freddy Krueger movie. We cringe just imagining what the kitchen looks like.DON'T GO!!We'd rather fly to China, drive through the poorest parts, stop off at a farmer's home and pay the wife to fresh-kill a pigeon for us and eat it off their dusty farm table than ever eat here again. And honestly, in China, we think this is a viable option.
2	the place is a bit run down, and while hole in the wall places are usually great this one is just okay. Food is kinda meh, employee wasn't very friendly, and it all adds up to cost a chunk of change.
3	I ordered 3 items and delivered in 20 minutes. It's an awesome service for 3 items. The restaurant's interior is like an everage typical Chinese restaurant everywhere but the service was fast and friendly. The flavor was acceptable for me. It little bit greasy but I guess it depends on the person. There are so many types of Chinese dishes that even more greasy than others. I would like to try something else next time especially the pork bun. I saw the pic on the wall and it so tempting. The tofu was fine, not dry-fried, & nice size portion.Those 3 items that I ordered had similar sauce so I couldn't tell so much the differences. I'll update next time!
1	General Tso's chicken was absolutely dreadful. I love general tso's chicken, and figured it would be a hard dish to screw up, considering most of it is prepackaged and deep fried. Well, they made it quite unpalatable. The won tons served with it were stale.  Having a gust of wind sweep $8 out of my hand to never be found again would be a preferable alternative to spending $8 here and eating their food.
2	Honestly the food is not bad at all and very short wait time and portions are large but I always get it to go since it always stinks in there which is very unpleasant they need to remodel seats are torn walls are dingy
1	Terrible terrible. Wish I would have just gone into fry's next door and bought the Chinese food in a can
2	Wow!   A lot can change in a year, and not for the good!    I used to think this place was decent, but no longer.The sweet and sour chicken was anything but.  The 1/8 of chili pepper flake made the dark brown sauce spicy as h*ll.The fried rice was disappointingly bland.  The egg roll was ok tasting but greasy.I am not sure what happened to this place.
2	I ate here a while back. I got the Kung Pao chicken. It didn't taste like Kung Pao Chicken. Tasted like fish. I couldn't finish it. They should rename it to Kung Puke Chicken!I see people walk in to eat but I never see them leave.
