4	Gracious receptionists willing to accommodate our changes in schedule and services. Facilities were small, but clean and modern -- just right for a simple day spa retreat. Amenities were pleasant.Robert and Ann treated my boyfriend and me to perfectly customized couples massages. He had all the knots worked out of his back muscles with deep penetration while I had the gentlest, nurturing hands work my shoulders and scalp into a state of blissful relaxation.Eforea was a pleasure and we hope it continues to mature!
5	Just finished a salt body scrub and aromatherapy massage with Leina. She and everyone there treated me exceptionally well from the moment I arrived until the moment I left. The scrub and massage were amazing! I feel like a new man. The facility is clean, modern, beautiful, and peaceful. I will be back.
5	I am so glad I found this gem of a spa on the strip. I had worked in a high-end spa for nearly 7 years and I knew exactly what to look for.; This place was immaculate in all aspects. Locker rooms were supplied with plenty of nice towels and washcloths, beauty aids were available, steam room and showers were super clean. Robes were clean and not see-through from old age like some of the spas I have visited.   Relaxation room was very serene and they had tea and water available while waiting to go into a treatment. Until a few weeks ago I thought you needed to be a time-share holder to use this spa, but glad to find out anyone can go there. The reception people were very friendly and processed me quickly so I was able to have more time to relax before my treatments. I had a massage with Rosalinda &  she was very good and spotted the areas that really needed attention. Then I had a facial with Cori S. and it was wonderful. I felt full of  new energy.  I will recommend this place to others and I will visit there again. Promise!  2 thumbs up!!Dianne B.
1	If you are looking to have a Las Vegas Strip worthy spa experience, spend your hard earned money elsewhere. My experience at Eforea was not up to par on any level. As a spa enthusiast, and service industry professional, I know what a good spa experience is like. Upon arriving for my  treatment, Nicole, the attendant/ receptionist greeted me and told me that I was "way early" for my treatment, and confirmed my appointment for a 50 min custom massage. I was a little caught off guard by the receptionists tone because I was only 45 minutes early for my treatment, and I wanted to utilize the facilities to relax. Once inside the spa, Nicole gave me a brief tour of the ladies area. It was very limited in size, but it had the basics; showers, steam room, toilets and a sink area. There was no facial soap on the counter, the aerosol deodorant was empty and there were no wash cloths. Disappointing at best. On the upside the facility was clean. After using the steam room and shower I waited for my treatment in the relaxation common area, it was well lit and decorated nicely, however, again the refreshments were sparse and the reading material was very limited. My therapist came out, introduced herself, and walked me to the treatment room. With the Grand Custom massage I was under the impression that my therapist would take what I said into consideration, and tailor my massage to my specific needs. This is not what happened. I explained that my neck, shoulders and lower back needed the most attention. I had some tight muscles that needed to be worked out. I also explained that I was looking for a firm massage. The most irritating part of my experience was when the massage therapist started the massage by rubbing my legs. My back was in pain, how in the heck am I supposed to enjoy a leg massage when my back is what needs attention? Next, the pressure was more like a relaxed petting. The therapist never asked about the pressure so I spoke up, she then proceeded to rub her spiky forearms on my back for additional pressure. I could not relax, and my massage was not enjoyable what so ever. It ended by the therapist pulling my hair during the scalp massage and fondling my earlobes. I was so uncomfortable at this point,. I wanted to get out of the spa as quickly as possible so I could use my own bathroom to shower. Upon checkout, the same receptionist checked me out and had the same attitude and tone as before. She asked how my treatment was and I was near tears, because of my experience. I really needed a good massage for my aching back and I was in the same amount of tension as when I stepped in the spa, except I spent $150. When I explained to her my experience the receptionist apologized, and said she would have her General Manager call me in the next day or so, so I could relay the experience to her. She also mentioned some other "good" therapists she likes that are better than the girl I had. I was disgusted by how unprofessional that comment was. She then gave me a card for 20% off my next treatment, it was icing on the cake. I decided to wait to write a yelp review to give the General Manager a chance to call me to reconcile the situation. Needless to say it has been two weeks, and I have heard nothing back from anyone at Eforea. All I can say is if you want to be treated like a valued guest, and truly relax at the spa, walk up a couple blocks and go to a spa where you can be treated with respect.
