5	I am so surprised that I am the first one to review Onda!  We went to Onda for a family dinner before seeing Love (the new Cirque du Soleil show, also at The Mirage).  Onda was...decadent.  The restaurant is divded into two sections - a wine and cheese bar, and then the standard restaurant.  I have only dined in the standard restaurant, but the wine room looked pretty incredible!  You can see photos and the menu on The Mirage's website: http://www.mirage.com/dining/fine_dining_onda.aspx.
4	It was 10:00 pm, and I just woke up from my nap.  I decided to go downstairs to try what Las Vegas Concierge Association proclaims as the "Best Italian Restaurant."  Sitting in the restaurant section, the service was attentive and the ambiance was mellow.  We started off with an order of half a dozen oysters (I believe we had Blue Point), only to be served with five.  It was a funny mistake, but corrected without any hesitation from the waiter by giving us three more oysters.  I ordered the Penne with Crab, Shrimp and Scallops.  The dish was good, but I was expecting more than just a couple pieces of crab.  However, my friend ordered the lamb chops, and it was cooked to melt in your mouth perfection.  We ended our dinner with a $7 Tiramisu which was definitely large enough for three to share and maybe even four.  If you prefer quantity over quality, then this is the desert I would go for.  This is a place that I would go back to again, and next time I HAVE to order the lamb chops.
4	We had wanted to try Onda last December when we were in Vegas only to find out it was closed to renovations.  We were finally able to get there this trip and it was quite good.We were seated in a booth in the main dining room which is done in soft gold tones with low lighting.   It is very romantic and homey, as if you are dining at a family restaurant in Little Italy, albeit an upscale one.  (It is the exact opposite of N9NE...see N9NE review.) The tomato, garlic and olive oil they give you with your bread was fantastic and the bread was very fresh and fluffy.  My husband and I split the caprese salad as an appetizer, which I would highly suggest...they split it in half for us and it was the perfect size.  (And the mozzarella was very good.)  For an entree I had the capellini with scallops which were very good, well cooked, and in a generous serving.  The pasta was well cooked and they used a good amount of oil on it, not too much that it made it slippery and hard to eat but enough to give it flavor.  My friend ordered the fettuccine alfredo which he said was out of this world.Tucked away in the back of the Mirage, Onda proved to be a great dining experience.
3	4|24\08 Returned to Onda as part of the dinner package for LOVE and had a very different experience than last time.Menu extremely limited 3 items I believe and at $50 each not a good value when you can do a la carte for about he same priceAnd then there was the food: Caesar's salad, Minestrone, Veal Marsala, crusted Sea Bass with veggie and 2 small chocolate mousse(only dessert offered)Service was slow and we were ignored essentiallyThis was a forgettable experience...see the show LOVE...skip the dinner package at Onda at leastAgree with Kristin S the tomato olive garlic in olive oil served with a Variety of Italian breads was a great startCaprese  salad and Blue cheese with apple/on Romaine  were fresh and tastyOssa Buco on a bed of Risotto was soooo....goodSweet pea ravioli with melted butter and balsamic vinegar was enjoyed at the table and later in our roomDessert we split a  creme brule that was a solid finish to very good meal...there were no disappointments
2	I really need to start following my instincts. I can usually tell within 2 minutes if I'm going to have to endure crappy service. But, I usually wind up giving it the benefit of the doubt and I stay. A good indicator of this is when the restaurant is half empty but you still don't get any service for 5-10 minutes, and when you do, the waiter tells you he didn't know you were his table. I really should get in the habit of walking out once my indicators go off. Maybe that will be my New Years Resolution. We went on Sunday night, around 8:30pm. We were seeing "O" at Bellagio at 10:30 and figured it would be a good choice. Food alone, the place is probably 4 stars. The garlic mixture with the bread is quite tasty, my boyfriend enjoyed his caprese salad. The prosciutto wrapped prawns were deliciously salty. My sweetpea ravioli was something totally different and really good. The one miss was my boyfriend's pork roast. Some parts were amazingly delicious, and other parts were dry and inedible. Go figure. The service really brought the place down. Maybe our server had a long and hard day, who knows. We had to ask for bread, he forgot my order, disappeared for ten minutes at a time, forgot my dessert, and had to be flagged down for the check. Somewhat forgivable in a busy place, but again, that wasn't the case. Our bill was about $130 for the two of us. 2 apps, 2 entrees, 2 desserts, no alcohol. Considering how many fantastic restaurants are on the strip, I wouldn't go back.
4	Went before Love and as has been noted it is very good for this. The Osso Bucco my girlfriend ordered was excellent, my rigitoni bolognese was acceptable. The feta and tomato tort we shared for a starter was very rich, and the sorbet I closed things up with was great.I enjoyed the service. They were not up in our face, gave us plenty of space to enjoy our 2 hour meal. They did not flinch when we arrived 5 minutes late and with 2 people instead of the 4 we had originally made the reservation for. I'm sure there are better Italian restaurants in Vegas and I will work on tracking one down on my next visit, but this place did a great job filling me up before the show.
2	My husband and I went to Onda for dinner...unfortunately it did not live up to expectations.  The restaurant itself is nicely decorated and has a great atmosphere. We had a booth tucked in a corner and there was no one next to us (we had 6 pm reservations), so it was romantic and cozy.  Our server was very nice...attentive without being pushy.  The best thing that we ate was the bread and dipping mix that other reviews have raved about...it was delicious.  If we had just stopped with that, Onda would get at least 4 stars from me...unfortunately, we had an appetizer and dinner.For an appetizer, we had the calamari.  It ranks as some of the worst calamari we have had...the breading was overpowering and I am not sure the calamari was cooked perfectly.  I ordered the capellini and scallops...big mistake.  The pasta flavor was incredibly bland and the scallops were super rubbery and did not have a good flavor at all.  They were so poor that I could barely force myself to eat two of them.  My husband ordered the garlic crusted sea bass which he said was just OK and there was nothing special to it.  We certainly did not feel that the quality of the food lived up to the amount we paid, which is why Onda only gets 2 stars from me.
4	We enjoyed the Italian food at this restaurant.. the service was prompt, and they had a few vegetarian options (although the primavera they made for us off the menu was the best item served!)The eggplant was kinda crappy.. the sweet pea ravioli was good, although it was undercooked and looked like fying saucers to me.  The bread was great...and the sticks were amazing..We did not do dessert here.
3	I thought my meal at Onda was decent, but probably not worth the price.  For instance,  I ordererd the lasagna, which was absolutely delicious, but it certainly better be for $26 lasagna!  The bread and balsamic, with olive oil, tomato, and garlic was wonderfully done.  I notice a poster below thought the calamari was the worst they had in their life, but I thought it was okay.  Not great, but okay.  The decor is nice, nothing special, but nice.  If I craved Italian in Vegas again, I think I would ask for another opinion, because while good, I just dont feel we received the value for what we received.
3	Italian food located inside the MIrage. Niiiice.There were a ton of restaurants to choose from in the Mirage but we settled for expensive expensive Italian food. The front area of Onda consisted of a little wine lounge. Just a place to relax and do some wine tasting. The actual restaurant is in the back of this place. The bread they gave us was typical, but the dipping sauce they provided was amazing! It was a mixture of olive oil, vinagarette, diced tomatoes, and roasted garlic cloves. Mmm!!Here's what we orderedCALAMARII wouldn't recommend it. The calamari was lightly fried but it didn't have the crunch I like with calamari. The calamari was indeed soft and fresh though.LASAGNAHUGE hunk of lasagna but priced at $26? I guess I won't order this again. I could barely finish this but the veal and pork that it was stuffed with was delicious.OSSO BUCCOA huge huge shank served on top of cheesey risotto rice. Yum! They even give you a fork to dig out the bone marrow in this veal shank. Ewwww! All in all, I enjoyed our dinner. We opted out on wine because we were too tired already so for the calamari, lasagna, and osso bucco, it came up to about $75 total. Not bad for a fine dining restaurant like this in Vegas, but will I come back? Probably not. It's a one time deal place.
3	This place is a nice fancy place to go to after a show, the place has a great look, and they have a good staff. The food overall was a bit salty. I had the rigatoni bolognese and that was really good, other people in my party had other things and complaint about the salt. The Osobuco is a big portion and a good pick to share. The food wasnt the greatest overall but the staff was nice, and efficient.
2	Yikes - this place is horrid.  I booked it for dinner before LOVE at the Mirage based on the reviews here and was very disappointed.  I wasn't too familiar with the Mirage restos from previous trips so I kind of went in blind.The website says that it was voted "Best Italian Restaurant" by the Las Vegas Concierge Association.  Onda is supposed to offer classic-rustic Italian cuisine with American innovations.What we found it offered was cafeteria quality Italian food with crappy service.It's incredibly loud and hard to hear considering the look of the place, but it was probably made worst by this woman with a super screechy voice who was having a b-day dinner that night.The restaurant was packed but we were seated quickly at the back in a room with a softer, romantic type decor.  It took forever to get the menus, and forever to get pretty much anything else in this place from the food to the bill.  Needless to say, we had to skip dessert to make it to LOVE on time.I had the leek soup to start and my husband had the Ceasar salad.  Both were okay... nothing amazing.  We were both craving nice Italian pasta so he ordered the lasagna and I had the sweet pea ravioli.  Mine was pretty gross, with the pea filling done in such a way that it clumps in your mouth in a nasty way and leaves this horrid after-taste.The lasagna was okay, but really reminded us of cafeteria type lasagna that you get at work or at school... neither of these pastas were worth the $25ish that they wanted.Trust me, Onda is definitely skippable.  I don't know if we were here on a bad night, but this is the worst meal I've had in Vegas.
4	We had a great time and service was awsome! I had the Capellini with Scallops, the scallops rocked!The sauce was lite and tasted great. Try this one out, our party of 6 had a great time.
4	Yummy.  We had great food and great service.  I don't know if it was the best italian you can get on the strip, but it is the best we have tried so far and we really loved it.
5	Filet Mignon...fucken delicious! melts in your mouthThe nut shots...strong and mmmmmmmthe anti pasto plate....goes great with the bread!!!!
5	This has to be one of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas. I wandered in on a Friday night as I had heard about the free wine tasting. This is great as you can sit in the lounge, sip the wine and have appetizers. We were shocked on how good the appetizers were and could have stayed all night sampling.Went back the next evening to see if the regular food menu compared. Ended up ordering the 3-course prix fixe and even this was wonderful. The meat was cooked to perfection. And they do have a great wine list. What makes it even more special is that it is one of the last restaurants still owned by an hotel. Was glad to support a local restaurant instead of a chain.
4	Yummy!Came here for a dinner date (blind date), it was very good.. there pasta's are good... as well as there sea food plates, service could of been a little better... but the food made up for it..........The only negative thing is me haveing such  a hidious date...Blind Date's Stink!
3	I loved the Ziti here!! The sauce was great. And the pasta tasted home-made. 4-5 stars for the food! My three star rating is a result of ... the service (surprise, surprise). Service, as others have mentioned, wasn't superb. Appetizers and bread came fast, but the main course took about 30 minutes to get to us. And when it did make it out, the waiter was running quick with the plates as if we knew they were late. I could tell the food had been waiting around under the heat lamp for a little while because a few of the ziti were dried out and the plates were hot. For the price of the food, Onda should really step it up with the service: hire another waiter or two! And don't let food sit out!
3	I came to the Mirage to see the Love show, and came to dinner here before. I got a Caesar salad and some chicken parm. The salad was excellent, and the chicken was a little hard. I think it was over done. For the price we paid it should of been perfect. The staff was great, but thought the food should of been better. I wish I was hungrier because the cheese trays looked yummy
3	It was just ok. They say it was voted best in Vegas, but I would really question that...
4	Great service, Onda! We were running late for "Love" and decided to sit at the bar with only 45-minutes to eat. We ordered a few small but really satisfying appetizers and two glasses of wine. In contrast with the Mirage lobby, Onda offered a calm and quiet place to enjoy our food. Service was excellent! They got us in and and out and offered great suggestions.
3	The Good: It's LV fine dining, so expect high prices for good food and a variety of fine wines.  Since my girlfriend and I arrived late, we had to settle for the wine lounge, but our experience was still pretty good.  The wines were tasty, and the food was delicious.  I also liked how they brought breadsticks and such with a small olive dish.The Bad: It took about 5 minutes for us to receive our menus and then another 5 for our orders to be taken.  Tsk tsk.Try: the lasagna.  I know it may sound dull to order a lasagna in Vegas, but wow, this was good.  It was huge with many layers and it comes with a side of asparagus.  Don't Try: the olive plate if you do not like salty foods.  My girlfriend hates olives.  (The Olive Theory for you HIMYM fans)
1	This place totally sucks.  I had the unfortunate experience of dining at Onda while staying at the Mirage with my girlfriend.  We were utterly disappointed.  First of all, the service was slow and terrible.  But since we on vacation and not in any hurry, we were willing to overlook the service hoping the quality of the meal would compsensate.  Again, we were let down.  The pasta tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp too long and was reminiscent of something you'd expect from a hospital cafeteria.  Perhaps, I'm a little spoiled from dining in Chicago, but for the prices this place charges we expected a decent meal.  The Mirage should be embarrassed to even have this place in the hotel.  Look for better options in Las Vegas and spare yourself the inevitable disappointment of dining at Onda.
4	This place is great!  On Friday nights they offer a free wine tasting.  We were there during the Sauvignon Blanc tastings and all 4 wines were pretty good.  The wine and cheese list were good, the service was friendly and atmosphere was very relaxing.  Definitely recommend this place if you are in the Mirage.
5	We wanted to have a nice dinner in Vegas before a show, and this ended up being the place due to location and availability.  Lucky for us, it was a great pick.  We were fortunate enough to be in Vegas for restaurant week, so we enjoyed a nice 3 course prix fixe meal for $32.  The portions were excellent and food was very flavorful.  After traveling to Italy this summer, I felt their spaghetti was similar to some I had tasted in Italia.  Our waited, Caesar, appeared to be Italian as well.  Services was good with only one snafu- they forgot to put our calamari in, but they ended up comping it for us and bringing it out later.  The atmosphere in the dining room is slightly stuffy, I like the more modern aesthetic of the front wine bar.  My only other complaint was they had one of those people taking and selling photographs.  At first I thought she just wanted a pic of beautiful people enjoying dinner, but turns out she was selling the pictures.
2	Vegas can depress you after a while, that's why my husband and I can only take it in 2-3 night bits before we have had enough. For our last night in town we decided to head to the lobby of the Mirage (where we're staying) for a dinner at what was reportedly the "best Italian restaurant in Vegas". Perhaps we are spoiled because of Boston's glorious North End, but if this is the best in Vegas, I'm very concerned. We selected the prix fix menu. My quail appetizer was great and made me eager for the next course. However, my main course literally looked and tasted like something one would find at a restaurant in a Holiday Inn. I could barely stomach it. The dessert wasn't much better. We left feeling like we'd been robbed. The decor and design of the restaurant was terrible compared to the swank competitors along the strip, and the elderly namedropping locals were nothing but annoying. Steer clear.
4	First time I try the food at  the Mirage and it was quite an experience.  We tried Onda on a Friday evening before the Cirque du Soleil, Beatles "LOVE" show.  The restaurant is right across from the theater so I recommend it for those that plan to have a nice dinner before the show.This place has top notch service.  Even though this was Friday dinner time we still had 3 waiters checking up on water, wine, orders, etc.  Great service!I ordered the Gnocchi along with the $60something wine bottle we ordered.  The gnocchi was exactly what I expected, full of flavor, texture and it melted in my mouth.  The sauce was a bit different but complemented the gnocchi perfectly.  Expect to spend about $50-$70 if you go for the cheapest wine bottles when you go to Onda and try the Gnocchi!
3	Because it was an expensive meal, our group of 6 expected a finer dining experience.  The osso buco was very good.  The shrimp scampi with pasta lacked flavor.  Lasagna, lobster and chicken picante were all right but not fantastic.  Great service and atmosphere.  Wish the food had been better.
4	I just want you for my ownMore than you could ever knowMake my wish come trueAll I want for Christmas is you...at ONDA! - Mariah Carey (all i want for christmas is you)Just one of those nights in vegas where you didn't have dinner planned out but everyone agreed to a certain type of food and you happened to be in a hotel and didn't want to go anywhere else because you're too hungry/lazy/something else...lol thats what happened to us when we chose this restaurant. Located inside the mirage, we wanted italian food and this was their lone italian restaurant. This place is a little deceiving from up front. Their front area which is pretty much all white with the bar, is just the lounge/bar area...the restaurant is located in the back and has a more intimate atmosphere with candles and all that good jazz (not literally!). Instead of the usual balsamic/olive oil combo, they give you some sort of clam sauce for the bread which was pretty good. I ordered the shrimp scampi and it was satisfying to say the least. The shrimp tasted very clean while the pasta sauce wasn't too oily, which it usually is for this kind of sauce. Food came out a in a timely matter and service was appreciable. Food: 4.5 stars --- Service: 3.5 stars --- Atmosphere: 4.5 stars --- Price(value): 4 stars
5	When arriving after our typical 360 mile, six hour drive to Vegas, Mirage was told by us (at check in around 12:30 a.m.) that you always promise us something for hotel reservations, and when we get here, it is as if we are second class.  Ok..ok... so I had my Bob's Big Boy infamous T on...Then those nice people, after straightening our room out the next day, left us with a nice bottle champagne and two glasses on ice for our trouble.  "I need cheese with this, damn it!" was my cutie's comment, so we decided (after losing at the slots) we would cool off and find a place we could down the bubbly with some bread and cheese and talk about what a bunch of idiots we were for playing the slots. So my honey wanted to go to "FIN"...Ok, no biggie.Oh what a thing...When FIN (the place next door to Onda) told my wife that they would have to charge us $25.00 corkage fee...well, she was pissed and I about frazzled.Luckily for us the manager at Onda was standing outside and heard us.  He told us, "Bring the bottle and I will charge you nothing to uncork it and drink it in my bar area."Damnit Vegas!  That's what I call Customer Service!  That is exactly how you gain my allegiance!  By hunting me down and making me feel like I am someone special.  (Especially in front of my sweetheart.) Yes, like a guy that's got it going on...not the average snobby Vegas, stick it in your ass if you don't like it, approach.  God, I am so sick-and-ass-tired of that B.S.!Well, we jammed upstairs and flew back down before "Hold Me Tight."  (look that up you Beatles fans) was done playing.  Then he offered us the going rate for Happy Hour of mussels at 7:01 p.m. in a light-spicy-marinara sauce.  And all you can eat!Before you could say "Hob nail boots" and "Everybody had a wet dream",  we were sitting down and my honey was close.  Man did I get my $20.00 worth of mussels!  And then the mushrooms...and then...some cab...Man it was good!  Well, do I really have to paint you a picture?$95.00 later out of my wallet (and I did not mind one little bit!) I got the bill.  Too bad the idiot at FIN was so short sighted (and $95.00 poorer, the dumb ass) by being the typical greedy-ass-Vegas-restaurateur by  lying to my wife and saying that a corkage fee was law in Vegas. IT"S NOT for wine and /or champagne! So there, you prick!God, those mussels were out-frickin-rageous!  The bubbly good with the bread...Well so good it helped get the honey upstairs and in my arms.  Woof! Woof!  I was once again someone important in her eyes!You want me back, Mirage?  Ya want me back, Vegas?  The manager at Onda knows how to play the best game in town.  By kissing my ass and making me feel like a someone.  Thank you, sir!  You have my undying gratitude by performing customer service the best way.  You get it by using common-damn-sense!  I will be back!,FIN???  Up yours, you greedy jerks!
4	Onda has a nice menu selection.  Talk about an amazing seafood tower!  Holy smokes - I just might have to upload the picture for you!I also ordered the seafood pasta and for our table we got the lobster milanese - which is very rich - watch out.As though that wasn't enough calories - for dessert - they have the most amazing vanilla souffle - which you need to pre-order since it takes awhile to make (as most souffles do).   You get two little shortbread sugar cookies to go with it.  Sometimes they have a lemon one - which I did not get to try - heard that was really divine!
5	The place was quiet and romantic. The waiter was refreshing. The food was wonderful. The crusted Seabass was light and flaky over spinach. The Filet was like butter in your mouth. Asparagus was crisp and light. Perfect dinner before LOVE show.
5	We really were not going to go out for fine dining at all, but we won so much money I thought it would be nice to treat my wife to another nice restaurant... we had eaten at Craft Steak House (MGM) the night before and just like last time it was delish...Back to Onda....  We were gambling in Mirage and were hungry and decided to hit Onda.  Service - AMAZING.  Waiters and greeters alike were all so wonderful and very helpful.  My wife and I honestly felt like royalty.Food - OMG!!!! OMG!!!! OMG!!!!  Hands down one of the best meals I have ever had... not in Vegas, but period.We started out with the Beef Carpaccio and it was divine.   I had the Veal for dinner and it was really good, but what was amazing was my wife's Osso Bucco.  It is her absolute favorite meal and they did not disappoint at all.  I had several bites and it melted in your mouth... OMG it was to die for... not to mention the portion size was rather large.The price is a little on the expensive side, but not too expensive compared to other fine dining in Vegas.
4	Amazing service and delicious food! You definitely can't go wrong here. The Gnocchi with a sun dried tomato/garlic/cream sauce was ahhhh-freaking-mazing! The calamari was also tasty , although I didn't care for the tomato like sauce that accompanied it, a splash of fresh squeezed lemon did the trick. I can definitely see why my friends keep coming back here when they vacation.
2	This review pains me a great deal, as Onda has the chance to be a top contender for my favorite restaurant, but I can't imagine trying it again as it was a very bad experience.We made 9:30 reservations to enjoy a relaxed dinner on my wife's birthday after seeing Love.  We walked up to the hostess podium with another couple waiting and no one manning the station.  As the hostess comes back, an older man walks up and says table for two, clearly cutting in line.  She asks if they have a reservation, he says no, and they are sat immediately.  I didn't say anything to the hostess as it was apparent he was cutting and if he was sat immediately, I figured it would be just a minute or two.  She comes back and puts the couple in front of us down on the waiting list, they also had no reservation.  Next I check in with her and tell her we do have a reservation, but she says we have to wait.  VERY ANNOYING.What I believe to be a manager then came to the podium while she was away and offered to seat us, ultimately having to stop in the middle when he saw that there wasn't a table.  Clearly the hostess gave our table to the line jumper without a reservation.  VERY ANNOYING.  He was friendly and professional and set us up at the bar and offered us a free drink (I don't drink and my wife is pregnant) so we just got a simple drink, but the gesture was excellent and we were ready to start over again with Onda.  After a few minutes, we were sat at a nice table and the seats were very comfortable (a bit too cushy for my wife, she had a hard time getting out since she was pregnant).As it was, we ordered the two most expensive items on the menu, so expected top quality food.  I had the lobster milanese and can honestly say it was the best lobster that I ever had.  For those who don't like the breading exterior, just don't eat it all :-P.  My wife ordered ravioli, but it wasn't ravioli.  It was basically a flat noodle (as in lasagna) with some cream and seafood and another flat noodle.  I liked hers, but she didn't.  If that was all there was, it would easily be a 4 star experience.The part that is unforgivable is that our waiter (Cesar) ignored us after taking our orders.  He didn't bring the food from the kitchen, he didn't refill our drinks, he didn't check in at all.  Worst of all, when he walked by our table, he looked the other way so we couldn't even flag him down.  At this point, the restaurant was mostly empty, as it was 10:30 or maybe a bit later.  Someone else took our plates and we sat there with no drinks and no food for around 30 minutes.  My wife wanted dessert, but was getting really annoyed at the actions of the waiter.  FINALLY, he came by and said "Is there a birthday here??" bringing a piece of cake.  He didn't seem to know whose birthday it was and he didn't give us the option to look at a dessert menu.  Yes, the slice of cake was free, but my wife didn't like it and would have happily paid for something she did enjoy.  She was very upset and not the experience I had hoped for when I am paying over $50/plate.  VERY ANNOYING!!I still tipped reasonably well under the circumstances (15%) because in Vegas I am very superstitious and didn't want bad karma :-P.  I looked for the manager who was so friendly and the busboy? who had been refilling our drinks and clearing our plates to tip them a $20 directly for their service, but didn't see them.For a place with such excellent food that I would love to try again, I can't imagine coming back after terrible, inept service, especially when we were celebrating a special occasion that they knew about.Onda, please class it up.
1	My friend and I visited Onda on a Saturday night after making reservations before our show. The decor was beautiful. The service was distracted because he had too many tables, one of which was a very loud and large bachelorette party seated very close to us. We ordered cocktails, and split a $14 caesar salad that was ok. Our entrees, however, were completely inedible. I ordered a $28 eggplant piccatta that was so drenched in butter, it was congealing on the plate. My friend ordered a $30 noodle dish witrh mushrooms that was also inedible, although I guess no flavor is better than drenched in butter. We would have said something to our server, but he didn't come back to check on us until we were ready for the check. Definitely regret spending one of our evenings in Vegas there.
5	We wanted classic Italian cuisine without it getting crazy fancy on us like almost all the other Italian restaurants in Vegas.  Onda is delicious!!!!!!!!Onda offers classic Italian cuisine.  My boyfriend and I started with a caprese salad which we shared- perfect.  Breadsticks - perfect.  Both my boyfriend and I ordered the Lasagna.......fantastic!  Cheese melted perfectly, and just the right amount of tasty sauce.  We went on a Tues.- On Several days of the week the restaurant is closed, but they keep the wine eatery section open with a limited menu.  It actually wound up to be perfect because we had the whole back section to ourselves.  It was private and romantic.
1	i would deter anyone reading this from going. Onda is probably the worst Italian restaurant in las vegas that i've ever eaten. we started with the Crab & Cipollini Dip Formaggio for $18. it was an awful concoction of smelly and "fishy" tasting crab and cheese. simply unfit for human consumption. then we had the clams in garlic white wine sauce for $14. the clams were really good quality but the broth that it came in was way too salty. i felt my face getting bigger from all the water i was retaining because of the salt. Then we had eggplant parmesan. this was the worst of all as it tasted like really bad left over food. I swear i've had better food from the cafeteria in my grade school for $1.50. I paid a total of $120 for 2 people. The saving grace of the evening was the complementary eggplant caponata that came with the bread. the bread was delicious and the service was superb. DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT. IT IS THE BIGGEST RIP OFF IN VEGAS. Try Raos in the Ceasars Palace, Scarpettas at the Cosmopolitan, La Scala or Ferraros but DO NOT DO NOT GO here. I'm so Disappointed with Mirage.
4	The ambience, like all decent Vegas restaurants was nice. I loved the breadsticks they gave us, but the bean puree was not popular with anyone in our party. I wish I had waited til we got butter because it was much better with all the bread than that bean stuff. We ordered a bottle of wine (note that the wine list does not have a guiding line over to the prices, and the prices didn't seem to be in strict ascending order as I recall, because there was a little bit of confusion when the bill came as to the price of our bottle) which was nice. My bf got the all-you-can-eat mussels which you can get with either white sauce or red. He got a couple of each and they were pretty good and well worth $20 for AYCE. I had the chicken parmesan and was pleased with the portions. The rabe was pretty good though salty, and the pasta was just pasta (not fresh made or anything) but had a good sauce on it. I sampled the lasagna which was good, and the gnocchi which I almost wish I'd ordered. The bill was not bad at all and we had a good time.
4	We went there before going to our show. The ambiance was cozy and our server was really nice. We had our food served to us really fast, it was delicious. The wine served was perfect to the table and reasonably priced. Their dessert: ice-cream covered with an expresso was soooo good! I still can taste it :D
4	I stayed at the mirage with some friends and we decided to have a nice fancy dinner so we came to Onda. The atmosphere was really classy and elegant, which really impressed me.Service was excellent.I had the shrimp scampi which I enjoyed.The only bad thing I have to say is that my server asked if I was done eating my food, I replied yes, and he took it away. Even though there was food left over he never asked if I wanted a box to carry out. It wasn't a big deal since I didn't want to take the food home anyways, but I still think it was important for him to ask me that.
4	Very nice meal! I was looking for something on the light side. I settled upon the rockfish, and I'm glad I did! A very nice piece of fish! The large party I was with decided to eat there before the Beatles show, and it was a perfect evening at the Mirrage! Nice wines and very well prepared foods!
5	Wow what a great experience. The garlic crusted Seabass is a must try. The Osso Bucco is to die for. Great service and the atmosphere is breath taking. Definately try this Jewel in the Mirage.
4	This is my favorite Italian in LV, I can't wait to go again.    Great atmosphere and good service. Try any of the veal dishes, they're all superb.    Good wine list.
2	Would recommend many others places in Vegas and on this trip I had a chance to try four restaurants in four nights, and Onda was my least favorite.The restaurant is in the Mirage, which is where they hold the Beatles "Love" show by Cirque du Soleil. The hotel is a bit dated and a bit smokier than the new hotels.On to Onda - it's a traditional Italian restaurant. The app was the best part - Prosciutto w/ Parmiagano and 25 yr old balsamic.The entree was Olive Garden - Ordered Ravioli stuffed with Lobster and Shrimp served in a Broccoli Rabe Puree...I thought it would be significantly lighter than what came out - Lobster and Shrimp Ravioli in a heavy buttery cream sauce that puts you straight to bed.The service overall was a letdown based on what I expect in Las Vegas, even from an older hotel. We had a group of eight, three separate times had to motion a waiter over for service.
5	Super cute!Icredibly cozy wine lounge with 5* Appetizers, pedestrian friendly wines & relaxed atmosphere. Perfect pre- cirque show drink spot .
2	My chicken parm was okay. But my mom ordered the salmon and that was amazing. My Aunts was also ok and why it only got 2 stars. I would expect for consistency especially with how prices all the food is. Having to track down your waiter is another reason for its low score
4	After reading all of the other yelpers reviews, we ventured in, on a Saturday night at about 6:30.  we were promptly seated at our reserved table (they sat us at a square table which quickly got over crowded-- request a round one if at all possible) 3 of the menu's that were brought to the table had something on them- 2 were sticky. 1 was covered in what was probably table salt  (no biggie right)  just a heads up- the service was SLOW-- but the FOOD made up for that 10 fold.  The waiter brought bread sticks (think giant crackers) to the table and set part of them on my salt covered menu (note to self DON'T eat that part) A few minutes later the bread basket appears with a strange yellow substance on a plate. (no one from the wait-staff drops by to tell us what it is-- so we dared someone in our group to try it,, 3 against 1) it turned out to be a corn spread- similar in consistency to polenta. we ordered caesar salads- they were nicely done, with a Parmesan crisp on top & just the right size to leave room for the amazing dinner to follow.  For dinner, I had the Ricotta, potato Gnocchi- it came with roasted chicken and a wonderful cream sauce that cannot be described any other way except PERFECT. The rest of the table's meals we're equally superb.    the Osso Bucco was apparently in the top 5 of the best my sis in law had Ever had.  the hubby got the lasagna, it had veal & pork and was very flavorful without being too salty. My brother had the Lobster Risotto and he was just as impressed with his meal as we all were with ours.  Dessert was good, but I've had better of both the creme brulee & the tieramissu I should note:  Be CAREFUL when choosing wine from their massive wine list, as they are organized by country & color, BUT not by price, they have $26 bottles right next to $3000 bottles.. a mix up could be costly.All in all the meal was fantastic.. were there a few things id change? yes.. like the weird bread stick thing.. and not knowing what the corn dish was. but is that going to stop me from eating there again?  Hell No. I cant wait to go back!
4	I went here with my parents so my view is slightly skewed because I did not have to pay.  We went around 5:30 and sat in the Wine Lounge.  I thought the service was great and so was the food.  They have a rotating wine list so we were able to get half off on the bottle of wine we wanted, but you best know your wines if you want to pick one that you will definitely enjoy since even with half off it is pretty expensive.The food overall was good.  We chose all of our items from the appetizers area and got one of the flat iron pizzas, the anitpasta platter, and the caprese salad.  I especially enjoyed the caprese salad, and a bit hit with the group was the sauce/spread we were given to be put onto the bread that we received that was complimentary with the meal.Overall, it was a good experience.  A bit pricey and good have been poor on service had we arrived when it would have been more busy.
2	I went in for dinner with my boyfriend to celebrate his birthday and was highly disappointed in our experience. We sat down at the table, which was only half set, and it took ten minutes for a server to come over and greet us, which if the restaurant was busy I could have maybe understood, but it was a Thursday night and the place was far from packed.  We ordered a bottle of wine off the list to celebrate and when the server returned he opened the bottle and poured our glasses out and walked away without informing us that the bottle we had originally selected was unavailable and had given us a younger year. As all of this was happening someone came by our table and slung down a huuuge long break stick directly on the table  along with some sort of corn/cheese concoction and walked away. By this time we were ready to order antipasti, a cheese and meat selection..which was delivered in the same quick fashion, and when we stopped the gentlemen who delivered it to ask what the different varieties of meats and cheeses were he had no clue, took a stab at it...and of course, was incorrect.  The selection on the menu was okay, nothing to write home about. The truffle pasta I had was good but when I asked my boyfriend how his pasta with marinara sauce was his only reply was "the sauce you make is better " and this from an Italian restaurant. Our server only came by one time to check on us after the food got there and by the time he did, it really wouldn't have made a difference what we thought of our meals because they were practically over. There was a server nearby for a good portion of the meal though, stocking and refilling their silverware drawers. SOOO loudly that we had to raise our voices to speak above the noise. Which all in all we might not have noticed if it had not been silent in the restaurant. They were playing absolutely no music at all. The server came over to give us the check without even offering dessert,  which we definitely wanted seeing as we were celebrating his birthday and we had mentioned to the server originally when we sat down and then had to remind him of when we expressed that we were not ready and wanted to  looking at the dessert menu after making through the rest of the meal. Our terimusu was good, probably the best thing we had all night along with the lemonchello for dessert. Would we go back anytime soon...for the food probably, for the service..probably not. They could definitely use some help in that department. But from what I've heard being a local in the service industry out here in Vegas, the rumor is that Onda along with others in the Mirage are going to be undergoing changes, and with that I'm sure will we be back for a second shot.
5	Very good service and food.  The ambience is excellent.  The prices are reasonable as well.  I had the Rigatoni Bologonese.  The meat sauce is amazing.  I am still dreaming about it.  Rigatoni is a definite must!!!I had to update my review to 5 starts, because I have been eating Bolognese every week in NY lately, and nothing compares to Onda's bolognese.....
5	We reserved a table here based on a recommendation for our concierge.  A huge critic of Italian food, we were looking forward to sampling a few dishes on the fixed menu.The restaurant picked up, which was a surprise to the staff, on a Monday night.  Because the staff was overwhelmed by the four huge parties that had just shown up, the manager himself came over (Chris).  An excellent sommelier and one of the most personable individuals we ever met, he spent so much time with us recommending items on the menu, and wine pairings to go with them.  He advised us against the fixed menu, as it wouldn't show off the best plates they had.  Instead, we took every one of his recommendations, and are so glad we did.  Needless to say, the food was amazing (my date ordered the Sea Bass, I ordered the truffled pasta, and added chicken), and I can't rave enough about how we were made to feel like THE most important guests in the restaurant.  Rocco was our waiter, and once he was able, he was super attentive and made sure our bread and incredible dipping sauce was always filled.  Chris, as a manager and wine expert, is a testament to bringing a 3 or 4 star restaurant up to 5 stars, and that's exactly how we rated our night.  I look.forward to the progress of this up and coming Italian place on the Strip.  It's so much more then a nice dinner.  He made it a relaxing, informative and fun night out, and the rest of the staff was just phenomenal.Can't wait to go back!
4	Had a good time at Onda with my relatives who were staying at the Mirage. Reservations made, a comp'ed dinner and trays of seafood, yummy pasta, Italian wines, steaks, fish and poultry. The service was awesome, I'm sure they were working for the big tip since the meal was comp'ed but the tip would have been out of pocket. The Italian food was good. Onda is a nice place to take a date. The place was really busy...so don't forget that reservation. Lots of wines available. Make sure you dress up a bit too. The restaurant is on the high end.
4	My husband and I got wrecked at the pool.  We tried to sleep it off, but ended up being hungover for dinner time.  We really felt like poo, but needed to eat.  Italian seemed like a good carby choice.We didn't have a rez, but we walked right in to Onda at about 8pm on Friday night.  Food was good, we got very standard Italian meals of lasagna and fettucine alfredo which sounded easy on the tummy.  The bread basket was great!  Because we felt like poo, we ended up taking 3/4 of the food back to our room to finish it at our leisure.  The service was great here!  They packaged up our dinners with cloth napkins and real forks and sent us on our miserable way.  I would like to come back here in a better frame of mind, because the menu looked fairly awesome.
3	Good food, but fair ambience.  Our waiters were efficient, but lacked personality and attention to detail.  The wine selection is fair...I will try this again when fellow diners do not have their cell phones turned up to max. volume...way too much ringing and disturbance for an enjoyable dining experience.
5	I've been meaning to write a review for this place for a while. It's tucked in the corner of the Mirage casino, and bit out-shined in appearance by its flashier neighbors, but this wine bar/restaurant is definitely worth your time. They have an extensive selection of cheeses, if that's your thing, and my entree (gnocchi w/ chicken) was the best I've ever had. Service was excellent, and since it's sort of hidden, there was no wait time. Will definitely try to come back when I'm in Vegas again.
5	This was the best dining experience of my life.  A couple co-workers and I went in the night they unveiled their new menu.  We were greeted at the reception desk, as we walked through the restaurant, as soon as we sat down and then the GM came over and introduced himself.  Now Thats Service!!  We spoke to the GM, Chris, for a little bit and he proposed a tasting.  We had I dont even know how many meals each being better than the next.  Not only was each course amazing in itself, they topped it off by pairing it with a wine.  The wine they picked could not have been more perfect for each meal, plus the GM Chris gave the full history of each of the wines as they served it.  This was by far the best dining experience I have ever had.  The food, the wine, and the service were absolutely spectacular.  Next time you are in Vegas be sure to visit Onda in the Mirage and get the wine paired menu tasting it is worth every penny!!
5	Must try - My fiance and I came back with my parents and once again everything is fantastic.  This time we sat in the actual restaurant area.  Love love love their lasagna.  We also tried something new, the antipasta for an app, and it fed all 4 of us, plus had extras.  While waiting for our food, they brought us fresh bread with the oil and parmesan (yummmmm). SO fresh and soft that we went through 2 baskets.  Also, a photographer came and took a mini engagement session of pics with me us which came out pretty cute.  I think we will come to Onda every time we're in Vegas.
5	Onda's looks like a very small restaurant from the outside, but once you walk in it turns into a large elegant establishment. The food was delicious starting from the bread all the way through dessert. The wine list is extensive, with 18 pages to chose from. Will definitely eat here again. The staff, food, and wine were all superb!!!
3	Went there before Love by Beatles show at Mirage. Originally wanted to go to Fin, a chinese cuisine with great reviews, but they are table-only without a bar so I couldn't courage myself to go as I was by myself. I looked through other options at the hotel and at the very end of the restaurant hallway did I found Onda. I was drawn into it because of risotto on the menu (I'm a sucker for risotto) and they had a very nice, welcoming yet classy bar that I could sit by myself comfortably.  I really liked their decor and layout.  Not noisy at all unlike other options that you have at Mirage (I passed Kokomo, Japonais, and Stack for having loud party music and noisy crowd. ) The food was great, actually. I ordered Risotto Con Guance Di Manzo (TENDER BRAISED BEEF CHEEKS & RISOTTO | NATURAL JUS | MASCARPONE). First bite, yummy, excellent.  The beef cheek was SUPER tender you could cut with a fork. Risotto was perfect. I wasn't drinking but I had to order a glass of red wine because the dish deserved it. After halfway through the dish, though, the saltiness and richness of the dish started tasting too much. I think the beef cheek was too salty and the jus was helping it neutralizing, but the problem was that there wasn't enough jus for the huge chunk of meat.  Maybe it's just me. I could imagine my fiance would finish this easily, totally satisfied. Overall experience was good and I don't regret that I went there, but I don't know I will particularly choose to go back when I'm in town again. Also, the bartender, I think, was new and was a bit slow and wasn't very knowledgeable neither of food menu and wine. For what they charge, shouldn't everybody in the restaurant be trained enough to tell you what wine goes well with what dish, and also explain all the items in the menu, before they are allowed on the floor? (I overheard the bartender answering "bread" when he was asked what pancetta was. Come on now.)   For that I have to give 3 stars instead of 4.
5	This was by far the best dining experience of my life and quite serendipitous. My buying trip to Southern Italy was postponed and I was looking forward to an authentic Italian meal at my favorite restaurant in Venezia, which is eighty miles outside of Venice. Please allow me to preface my review by saying words are woefully insufficient to describe this well orchestrated evening. As is customary for me when I travel, I dined alone. Upon arriving at the hostess desk, I was greeted by a very charming young lady that asked if I had any preferences before my meal, 'refreshing a true professional and the meal hasn't even begun'. As she guided me through the lounge area, a profound sense of elation came over me as I looked up at the three Murano glass chandeliers, breathtaking. My favorite restaurant in Italy was adorned in a similar fashion and this was the beginning of an unexpected sojourn.I was seated in the corner, next to a pleasant couple, very skillfully done I thought sense this allowed me to have a lay of the land as I quietly dined. Interestingly enough I never saw a menu, as chance would have it, the General Manager/Sommerlier, Christopher Zadie, stop by the table to welcome me to the restaurant. We chatted briefly and he suggested a few courses paired with suitable wines. The first two appetizers were amazing, capesante al forno and caprese, the wine recommendations were unique, without being contrived. The pairing of the buffalo & cow's milk mozzarella with a light wine were slightly whimsical and incredibly delicious. Next there was the arancini with an exceptional pesto and marinara sauce, however the wine pairing was a bit more provocative and pungent, bravo. But the evening was not over, the coda di rospo saltimbocca was exquisitely seasoned and the wine was from the region of Mount Vesuvius, totally sublime. And the finale was the risotto con guance di manzo, paired with a wine of such depth and breathe Bach himself would have been impressed. Dessert was a trifecta of gelato paired with a sparkling wine that left me with a most pleasant feeling, this was perfection.The service was superb, the staff was professional, the cuisine and wine were divertingly comprehensive. Mr. Zadie and his staff have created a masterpiece at Onda Ristorante in the Mirage Hotel.
4	We went here for a small meal before getting on a plane later that night. We sat at the bar and had a great time. My boyfriend and I each got a wine flight. This was excellent! The bartender was fabulous, hand picked all the wines, and explained them while pointing out the flavor notes and how they complimented the food. We got a couple of appetizers all of which were good. The only downside was the calamari - it was definitely sub-par. We had these steak tartare crostinis which were amazing! I definitely want to come back and enjoy a full meal here.
4	Purple cauliflower in the gnocchi was cool :) The bar in the front is cool, and the restaurant is set back a bit more and low key/traditional. The tables intended for two are huge, so my husband was sitting waaaaay across the table. Eventually he had to move across to my side to sit next to me. It was cozy but better then having a huge chasm in between us. The lobster bisque was okay, but I've had it with more flavor elsewhere.
3	Came here for apps and drinks...and both were tasty. I will say the service lacked a bit, often forgetting to bring things they said they would.Though the food was tasty, the portions were super small at a big price.I would give it a second shot, especially to see how dinner would be though.
2	Very disappointing. Caesar salad had two potato crisps instead of croutons and they tasted like two Ruffles potato chips. They also were generous and included one pepperoni in my salad.  Literrally one slice of pepperoni.  Veal scallopini was over cooked, dry, bland, difficult to cut and rubbery. Marsala sauce and mushroom and asparagus were good but pretty hard to screw up mushrooms and asparagus in wine sauce.  Waiter was very gracious and brought me a Chilean sea bass crusted with potato and olive oil. It made the exterior of fish taste very dry. Once I was able to break through that crust the fish om the inside was delicious. Flaky, tender and seasoned perfectly. The fingerling potatoes were ok.  Being a chocoholic i was hoping the Flourless chocolate cake Would redeem them. It did not.
5	Great atmosphere and food! Service was pretty good too. The selection is interesting but I love trying new things. Love the ambiance. Will go back!
2	Overpriced, very mediocre Italian. Given the choices in town I would avoid this place. Not to mention the Mirage had a sick nauseating smell of cigarette smoke they tried to cover with a sweet smelling deodorant. It permeates the whole casino. I would vastly prefer the smell of cigarette smoke alone.
3	Good  food and service at a premium price point.
4	Atmosphere was wonderful, very calm, quiet, beautiful restaurant in general.Food/wine prices were on par with the rest of Vegas...We had the lasagna and salmon. Holy crap. Freaking delicious.Only weird moment was the photographers going around, trying to get people to buy picture packages of themselves.
5	You could walk by Onda - it's tucked away in a corner of the sprawling Mirage casino,  somewhere between the fantastic steakhouse Stack and a Wheel Of Fortune bank of video slots, Onda's reticence in coming out as a full blown restaurant is not unlike throwing good money after bad at the crap tables.The food however is a jackpot, and the service at the hands of Susan, was like betting on the 0/00 at Roulette and having it come in - twice.  Our meal consisted of a cold shrimp appetizer and a Caesar Salad that was overcrowded by croutons but had a wonderfully intense dressing.The Occo Busso arrived drizzled in a rich sauce that was really beyond description.  The baked chicken was perfectly executed on a bed of root vegetables.  What was totally off the hook was the accompanied cheese polenta.  Fantastic.  The Tira Misu was the best that I've had as well as the Cheese Cake.  Fantastic.With all the awards that Onda has won, you'd think it would be more crowded.  Getting in on a Saturday night was a breeze, and we didn't even need our Mirage Host George's help in getting a reservation - although he did.  Great job George!
1	Good friends of ours were visiting recently from Paris and we all went out for Italian at Onda based on positive Yelp reviews. What a mistake!! One of our guests ordered the bass based on our waiter indicating its ample size. It arrived a shriveled 6 inches, flattened and dry. My pasta dish was very gummy with a Ragu type sauce and raw carrots! Everyone in our party was unimpressed. The service was also dreadful. We paid a platinum price for garbage! Never again.
5	I had dinner here last evening after a wonderful performance of Beatles Love. We started out with cocktails at the bar with bartender Raul.  Raul was the kind of bartender who keeps millions coming back to Vegas every year--friendly, professional, and charming.  When we were ready to be seated, Raul went to the hostess stand to let them know.   He even checked in with us as we were finishing our dinner to see how we liked it, and spoke to us by name.  Little things like that separate the amateurs from the professionals, and make guests feel appreciated.  Our server for dinner, Joe, was no different.  Perhaps we were fortunate that we were dining late, and since they weren't very busy they could give us particular attention?  Whatever the reason, our experience was literally flawless.  The service, drink, wine, and food were fantastic.
5	Everything was excellent.  We went for the happy hour and the value cannot be beat.
3	Service was excellent. Atmosphere is nice without being stuffy. Food, however was ok. The lobster bisque and endive salad appetizers were very good. We had the sea bass, lasagna and rigatoni bolognese. The lasagna was the best, but still could have made a better lasagna. The ratio of ingredients was off- it made it primarily a meat lasagna with little cheese or sauce. For this price tag, don't think it's worth it.
5	Onda was an unexpected delight, a real winner. We booked the show Love at the Mirage, and wanted dinner beforehand at the Mirage. Since I like Italian, we tried Onda. First, the room was beautiful, with a wood ceiling, great booths, and a very nice floral arrangement. I ordered the Caprese, Veal Saltimbocca, and Tiramisu. My wife is a vegie, and she went with a vegie dish especially prepared for her, with gluten free pasta. I have to say the Veal was outstanding, and I am a veal guy. Rather than the usual flattened scaloppini,  the veal was prepared as two larger tenderloins, wrapped in Prosciutto, and served with Spinach Coulis, Sage Potatoes, and au jus. Fabulous. The wines and beer were excellent. The service was very top rate. From Alpha to Omega, Onda hit a home run. I cannot overstate this: first rate food, first rate service, the best Veal Saltimbocca ever. I was especially impressed that Onda had a gluten free dish for my wife. They clearly aim to please, and they succeed.
5	Before we went to see "Love" at the Mirage, my boyfriend and I came in for 7 pm dinner reservations at Onda.  We've lived on Maui for a few years now, and it's almost impossible to get our hands on good Italian food.  I came into Onda hoping to be wowed, and I was not disappointed.  The bar area is small, brightly lit and walled with wine cases, while the dining area is dark and quiet with plush booths.We were greeted by our server right away who was incredibly helpful as we negotiated the extensive wine list.  He made recommendations and brought us tastes.  We really appreciated his expertise and helpfulness.After we ordered wine, we started with the Meatballs Appetizer.  Two were served on a platter with a homemade marinara sauce, topped with golden crusted goat cheese.  What a perfect way to start our dinner.  This is a must-order.We also split a Caesar Salad.  Large leaves of romaine, not chopped, and perfectly dressed with some of the best croutons I've ever had.For our main meal, we took our server's suggestion and ordered the Burrata Agnolotti Pasta and the Veal Osso Bucco.  The pasta was served with chunks of lobster and sauteed chanterelle mushrooms in a roasted corn butter sauce.  The veal slid off the bone when I used my fork (I barely had to touch my knife at all, the veal was so tender), and the accompanying saffron risotto was incredible.  Needless to say, the dinner was incredible. We ordered the Tiramisu for our dessert and practically licked the plate clean.Earlier during our meal, when we were deciding what to order the sommelier informed us that they do all the pasta dishes to order.  Each pasta is handmade in the restaurant and cut to order, so, upon request, they will do half orders of all of their pasta entrees in case you can't choose just one.  Next time I make it to Vegas, I'll have to take them up on their offer.Amazing food, wonderful service.  You won't be disappointed at Onda.
5	What a wonderful surprise!  I was a bit reticent about dining here as the bar entrance is narrow, too bright and uninviting.   However, the interior beyond is warm, calming, visually beautiful and welcoming. Most importantly, the food was truly amazing. Fresh, homemade pasta, reasonable portions, flavor galore. Service was excellent and for our visit the chef came out and grated truffles on our dishes. One of the best kept secrets on the strip. Definitely will return.
3	This place used to be so much better years ago, but is still a decent value for the money. Menu used to offer a lot more choices and their Grand Marnier souffle was to die for. But as everything else in Vegas, the fun times at this place had an expiration date written all over. Nevertheless, if you're in search for a place that offers decent food at reasonable prices, pleasant atmosphere and good service, you won't regret it. One of the best things is that even without a reservation you have a very good chance of getting a table, unlike some other more fashionable (and often overrated/overpriced) joints.
5	AMAZING!!!! So so so so so good!! My mom, sister, and I stopped in before we saw a show and all loved our orders. I played it a little safe and got the spaghetti, my sister got the lasagna, and my mom got the burrata agnolotti. We all loved our meals and ate every single bite. The sauce for the spaghetti was so rich and flavorful and although I didn't try their selections my sister claimed it was the best lasagna she's ever tried. It is a little pricey but it's so worth it for the quality of the food and the great service. A must try if you're in Vegas!
5	We made reservations for Onda because of its convenience near the Terry Fator theatre. While we're local Las Vegas residents, we'd never dined at the restaurant. When we arrived, we weren't sure what to expect as the bar dining entry area is rather brightly illuminated and without the Italian upscale decor we were expecting for a romantic dinner. After a brief walk through the bar area, we turned the corner into what seemed like a different restaurant. The decor, ambiance, lighting, configuration and atmosphere was exactly what we were hoping for. (Candidly, the chairs are so comfortable we both expressed how in the future we'll linger for an extra hour enjoying after dinner drinks and desert.)The wine list offers an extensive selection of Italian vino and the General Manager (Chris Zadie) offered wonderful insights and selections based on our preferences. We really enjoyed the quantity of 375ml bottles offered on the list and ordered two. The pasta dishes are all home made and our two selections were 5*. In addition, that night (Jan 4), they had Italian White Truffle and we enjoyed the 5 oz shaving. We didn't have time for desert because of the show; however, we both really enjoyed the dining experience and look forward to returning. I recommend Onda and anticipate I'll be hosting family and business events here. It's conveniently located near the Terry Fator theatre and great restaurant for a couple seeking a pre-show romantic Italian dining experience.
4	I had the veal bocca. I really enjoyed my meal and so did the rest of my friends. I ordered the calamari for a appetizer. The batter was light and flaky. Be carful not to fill up on the bread. It was very tasty.
5	Best restaurant hands down in LV.  Unbelievable service and great new menu.  Chris the manager is one of the best in the business.  A must stop if your are visiting the Mirage.
5	The filet was one if the best pieces of meat in my life.  Amazing!!!!  I highly recommend.  Service was stellar.
4	Upscale, expensive Italian food. I liked it. Didn't love it. The food was tasty, but ultimately I thought everything was very heavy, salty and creamy. The seafood dishes were rich and good -- scallops with a little roe, a lobster and buratta anglotti. The portions were large. The dining room is nice -- romantic lighting, beautiful place settings, high-backed chairs. But there's something a bit off about the ambiance. You can't shake the sense that you're still inside the craziness of the casino, a feeling compounded by the fact that one must exit the restaurant and go back into the chaotic casino to access the bathroom.
5	The meatballs were some of the best I have ever had and having a goat cheese stuffed squash blossom was excellent and a nice, different touch.  Both meals were excellent.  The chef even came out to chat for a minute which was nice.  The service was good but we had 5 or 6 waiters, most asking us the same thing.  It was a little confusing
4	Everything was delicious service was very good The meatballs were amaZing only complaint I have was the food took a little long to come out.But was worth the wait! Definitely recommend this place to everyone!
4	We started with the arugula salad. Which i found to be very good. The price is high but what do you expect in Vegas? The food was good but it is a lot to be spending on food that wasn't anything spectacular.. Lasagna was okay the salmon was much better!!
4	Great service at the bar. Enjoyed the meatballs but the crab cakes were not to my liking. They have risotto with some crab which then appeared to be deep fried. Be warned it is very different than a traditional breaded crab cake.
4	Ate here alone, at the bar, and had a great meal.  As is usual with Las Vegas, drinks and dinner are expensive.  They had a nice daily wine, a Chianti, for $12 and it was delicious with a generous pour.  The bartender was excellent - good service and friendly.  I ordered the Branzino fish - it was like a sea bass, served with the skin on, no head.  Creamy, juicy.  The sides were good (grilled asparagus, but only got 2 teensy tiny fingerling potatoes).  I was not hungry and the size was perfect - not too much.  They also served an outstanding basket of bread that had been soaked on olive oil.  It was fantastic.  I had originally gone to Stacks to eat - but after sitting for 5 minutes at the bar with no service I decided to leave.  Very glad that I did as I was not disappointed with Portofino.  I would return here.
5	My husband and I had an anniversary dinner at Portofino. Our experience was amazing. We had exceptional service provided by Kim. He made the perfect suggestions for both wine and food. We started with the risotto appetizer. We were surprised when the chef came over and personally shaved white truffles over it. The risotto as perfect in taste and texture. We then shared the burrata agnolotti. The chef came by again to shave white truffles on it. Wow! It was so good. We ended with a special anniversary dessert presented gratis. The entire evening was so special for us. We would absolutely recommend this restaurant and hope to return again soon.
5	Excellent food and excellent service! I had an amazing experience here!!! Italian fine dining in an intimate and romantic setting. Highly recommended for love birds. The menu has been recently revamped and I had the pleasure of pretty much trying the entire new menu. It was like a banquet setup for Marie Antoinette. For me so this review is biased considering not everyone will have the same experience. Did I mention they found my one weakness: TRUFFLE. So of course I'm going to absolutely think it's great, I was spoiled out of my mind.Generally speaking the notable items on my 20 course venture: PASTAS are the bomb here!!!Carbonara with Australian Truffle Caviar fettuccine with Australian Truffle Grilled Bronzino (YUM) Caprese Salad - simplicity at its best!  Service is definitely 5 of 5
5	This is amongst the best Italian food that I've ever had. I would put the meal I had just slightly below the fare I had from Michael Chiarello's Bottega in Napa Valley (which is the best Italian I've had). Everything was done with a lot of finesse and the service was very pleasant. Pretty decent atmosphere. Nothing like Bottega by any means but for Vegas it was very nice.
5	Great meal, great setting and service. Skipped the pasta meals and had filet and veal osso bucco. Both tasty and well presented. The risotto was super tasty and a nice accompaniment to the veal
2	Excellent wait staff and service. This was the dinner option for the Cirque de Soleil Beatles show.  Save your money and eat out separate from this place...you will be glad you did.Everything was over cooked and the calamari could have been used as hockey pucks
5	"From the moment we walked into the Portifino Restauant in the beautiful Mirage Hotel, Las Vegas, everything about the evening was exceptional.  The ambience was inviting, the menu of food and wine was spectacular and the service was beyond 5 star!  Special thanks to General Manager Chris Zadie who went out of his way to ensure that my wife's birthday celebration was unforgettable, Chef Michael Laplaca who prepared delicious Italian dishes that were reminiscent of those we grew up on, including vegan specialties for my wife, and our waiter Kim, who executed all of our courses with finesse and expert timing.  Simply put it was one of the the finest dinning experiences of our lives. Molte Grazie"
5	Amazing Birthday dinner. Chuck our server and Chris the manager were VERY attentive.  Food was AMAZING!  We did a "tasting" at Chris's suggestion and loved everything. Even had a visit to our table from Chef Michael LaPlaca!  Slightly hesitant on Chris's wine suggestion, but he was "spot on".  Recommend the meatballs, usually not a fan but am here!  Also recommend the signature lobster pasta, as an entree or a side it is not to be missed!  To top it off try the Cannoli for dessert.  It is like none you have ever had before!
5	Four of us went to Vegas for a "Girls' Weekend" and picked up discount dinner coupons for Portofinos, at the Mirage, at a Tickets for Tonight stand on The Strip. We paid $2-3 for the coupon which was good for 30% off the entire meal. We also got a $50 food credit per room to use in a Mirage restaurant when we booked our rooms, so we saved a lot of money. We all agreed that it was one of the best, if not THE best meal (and dessert!) we have ever eaten! Add to that the really efficient, professional, personable waiter, Chuck, and fabulous busboy, Manuel (who left the restaurant to get my friend a can of root beer which they don't serve there. He also got an extra can so she could have a refill!). The whole night was like that; special touches and so attentive. After we raved about the food, they even brought out Chef Michael so we could compliment him personally. We could not have asked for better food, service, or ambiance. Highly recommend Portifinos!!
3	I was enjoying the ambiance, the cocktails, and the intelligence of our waiter at this restaurant. Then I enjoyed the food. Then dessert. What I didn't enjoy was the management. Whether or not it was the owner or manager who helped the table next to us doesn't matter. What does matter is how he shamelessly flirted with the 3 women at the table next to mine.Now I know it being vegas this stuff happens, but what I find wrong, rude, and unjust was that this particular man checked on the table no less than 4 times in a 45 min span. The icing on the cake was that he IGNORED every other table in my section (besides the one he did attend to, there were 3 others including myself that he walked past each time he approached). If I'm going to pay over $100 for dinner (to my understanding the man did not have the women pay, although that is based on the gossip the ladies shared with us) then I deserve the same amount of respect, if not more simple because I paid for my meal. If I hadn't witnessed such distaste and wasn't so disgusted by this man ruining my meal, it would have gotten 4 stars. 5 stars would be if they charged $15 for my bowl of fettuccine vs the $30 I was charged.
4	Sat at the bar and was serviced by ultra outgoing bartender Raul. He was very close, but did not quite cross over the line of being too buggy. He was very knowledgeable about the changes the restaurant had/was going through as well as their menu. Their gnocchi was excellent, and the veal saltimbocca was average. Raul did offer advice to go with the veal osso buco when ordering instead of saltimbocca, but did not listen to him because was looking for the bacon/au jus taste. Overall this is a great dining choice at the Mirage.
3	Not sure why some people think the osso bucco is the best thing since sliced bread here.  I've never had it before, but what struck me was how lean and tough the meat on the veal shank was.  It was hard to eat, and had not much flavor at all.  The bone marrow had a bit more flavor.  The sauce was overly sweet, and there was so much of it the whole dish was drowning in it.  Also the risotto that came with it was undercooked.  There were bits and chunks of rice that was still hard.  A few bites of this dish I was done.  I felt full, yet unsatisfied.My gf's branzino turned out a little bit better.  But overall the food seems overpriced for the mediocre quality.
5	Honestly the best overall dining experience I have had in Las Vegas and I've had some great ones.  Chris Zadie, Portofino's GM, is fantastic.  He went out of his way explaining the restaurant, the menu, and the ingredients.  His passion for the restaurant and the food was obvious and contagious with the rest of the staff.  The service is truly a cut above.Diners are encouraged to sample multiple items on the menu as most dishes can be ordered as full or half orders.  The pasta is made fresh and cooked to order....haven't had pasta this good outside of Italy.Truly an excellent experience.  Kudos to Chris and the staff.
3	Had a pretty decent meal here, and prices were reasonable for being on the strip. Caprese Salad was good, Scallops were good, Meatballs were good, service was excellent. Only 3-stars because the bread was very mediocre. Not sure how to describe it but it wasn't really a typical italian bread, it had no crust and some of the pieces were crunchy on the outside like they had been sitting in a warmer for too long. I didn't think it was bad per se but I would have liked a little variety. Whenever I'm eating Italian, French or Spanish food, the bread is so important. It would probably be a simple fix, and if they just offered a little variety in their breads I would probably give this 5 stars.
4	Rounding up here.  It's really a 3.5. The good is good but not top caliber Italian. I had the burrata. The lobster was minimal, the sauce was good but it became incredibly buttery after a few bites. I guess eat it in moderation. We also has the bone marrow for an appetizer and the sardines that accompanied it were very good. Overall super over priced for what it is. Service was friendly.
5	We celebrated my wife's birthday at Portofino; fantastic!The staff was upbeat, informative and spot on.  The  "Crab Cake Arancini" was, by far, the best crab cake I have ever eaten; there was plenty of crab and the lemon saffron risotto binder brought all the flavors together magnificently. The veal saltimbocca with sage potato gratin, while not the traditional saltimbocca had all of the great flavor combinations  of  the traditional saltimbocca, but the veal could be enjoyed on its own.  My wife's branzino was perfectly cooked, presented and flavored.  You may think tiramisu is tiramisu, but this again was clearly a cut above. Enjoy!
5	Everything was amazing.We started with a glass of chianti wine and of course they brought out some delicious herb infused bread. We ordered the chicken Parmesan, which was good but has Italian sausage in the middle, the sauce was fabulous. We also ordered the gnocchi... I was speechless. Spinach gnocchi with arugula and mushrooms in a delicious and light garlic and mushrooms sauce.Since we were celebrating my moms birthday they brought out dessert, the nutelli with chocolate gelato and chocolate sauce....  Again, everything was amazing. From the moment we walked in to the time we left. We will definitely be back!
4	My husband and I visited on sat night. We ordered a bottle of wine.  The first one we ordered they were out of but we enjoyed our second choice.  We ordered the sardines and bone marrow appetizer along with the meatballs. The sardines were fabulous, the bone marrow was good but when they split it only one side had marrow in it. The meatballs were wonderful!  We then ordered the lamb ragu with homemade pasta and our last course was the Branzino.  The fish was salty and a little over cooked but the pasta course was outstanding.
5	I love this place, perfect date night dinner.  We ordered crab cake, calamari ,Burrata Agnolotti, steak and creme bruelee. IgEverything is just perfect.  KIM our server is really good and efficient. "25 years ago he opened the Mirage"
4	Met an old close friend for dinner at Portofino.  Great intimate dinning with class. Excellent pasta and meat dishes. Delightful service and great drinks. Will come back!
5	Nice dinner with my husband.  The dressing on the Caesar salad was amazing!  I ordered the lobster pasta and it was fantastic.  We also had great service!
