4	This place was perfect for our needs.  After reading the other reviews here, I was dubious and had a back-up hotel ready to go in case this place was horrible.  But, it all turned out great.The location is very quiet and less than 5 minutes from the Strip (at Flamingo).  Our room was exactly as promised - wifi for a one-time fee of $4.99, full kitchen with limited cutlery/dishes, separate bedroom, gym and laundry room.  We are staying for 4 nights, so it's great to be able to make coffee/breakfast before heading out for the day.  And I actually like that they don't come in to clean every day; we can leave our stuff lying around when we go out.Here's why I didn't give it 5 stars:  the top of the fridge was dusty, the kitchen had dishes but no sponge/soap, and the carpet needed a good cleaning.If you're looking for a party, this isn't the place for you.  But, if you're looking for a solid home base while you're in town for a while, this place works great!
3	Good hotel for the price. Huge rooms. Everything is stained but to be expected by the strip. Bring your own everything. They don't even provide shampoo. Overall good FOR THE PRICE.
1	This isn't the worst hotel I've ever stayed at, but it's not far off. They messed up our reservation, though it worked out ok in the end. The non-smoking room smelled like an ashtray and there were cigarrette burns in the sheets and on the tv. There was one remote for 2 tvs and no batteries in it. The staff were nice but the other people staying there were obnoxious.If you want a cheap fleabag close to the strip, this place is good for you. Me, I'll be staying at the Orleans from now on.
4	I've stayed here twice in the last 3 months for medium-length stays.The price is reasonable, the rooms are decently clean and comfortable.  They come with a minimal set of dishes.  Note that the internet is free, but it's pretty slow.
3	I didn't stay here, but a friend of ours was in town for the WSOP and was staying here. We visited him on several occasions while he was in town and the room location seemed pretty secure and pretty quiet. It's a good location, walking distance to the Rio, Gold Coast and Palms casinos. Each room had a kitchenette, living room area and a separate sleeping area. I can't atest to the accommodations, but it seemed like an okay location if you're looking for something cheap in the area for short or long-tern stays.
2	It was so so.  I stayed here on my last business trip to LV for about a month. I normally book furnished condos through a local company but they were all booked up, so I came here last minute. I can't say that I was really very comfortable.  The place was clean on the surface, but once you got into it, it needed a deep clean. The carpet felt gross, so I kept my shoes on neurotically. The space was small, I felt a bit claustrophobic at times, but it was bearable.  I would consider staying for up to a week, if it was this or a normal hotel,  but a month was too long in this type of space for me.
5	Perfect hotel for the best Vegas time!  Stayed 3 super fun nights, it was clean, comfy, very roomy with a walk-in closet, and close to Rio, Palms, and Gold Coast.  The pool area was nice, spent some time in the jacuzzi, the big bed had lots of pillows, and the staff was very friendly and accommodating.  Did I mention KITCHEN!  We brought food to make, alcohol to keep cold, and snacks which were excellent for midnight snacking after coming back at 3am when everything else is too expensive.  You don't have to walk a mile across a casino and take an elevator to your room, they make it so easy....car to room in a minute, boom winning!  This place is the best!
5	This hotel was very clean and quiet. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were very big. Loved the walk in closet!! The pool is at the front of the hotel, which was odd, but it was very clean. All in all a very nice hidden gem!
2	This hotel is okay in a pinch but I would not stay here longer than absolutely necessary. The room overall appeared clean but if you looked the carpet was dirty, the floor in the bathroom had cigarette burns as did the couch, which smelled and table was broken. The room was rather large with a small kitchenette. They have a pool which is small in size. They don't offer any ride services and it can be a walk, so be prepared for that. Their breakfast was ummm small. They had packs of oatmeal and granola bars, there was no fruit and they only had one coffee when I got in. Needless to say it left me wanting more. But what really made it special was that the screen to the room in the main window was bent back which made me think why would someone break in to their own room when they could just go get another key, so that means someone not allowed in wanted in. Yeah this place is not the greatest but in a pinch, would do.
2	Ok, so normaly Extended stay has always done me right, but this time around they failed me.  I stayed at this location the year before.   I made my reservations over the phone atleast 4-5 months in advance.  I requested to be on the first floor, and yes I know its just a request.   When we got there, there was only one person at the front, so we waited for our turn.  I gave him my information, he did not say anything about the request I made to be on the first floor.  So when I asked, the attitude I was getting was I was pretty much getting what they were giving me.    I then asked if there was something in the front building, and nothing was available.I was super annoyed because I made the reservations months before.  Not sure if I would stay at this location again.  You cant beat the value, but I think accomodating guest needs is just as important.
1	This place was disgusting. Though I would go cheap on the room since I will be out on the vegas strip most of the time. Big mistake, its good to have a nice place to relax and sleep at the end of the day.  The room smelled terrible like a wet dog. There was a giant roach laying dead on the floor and numerous other dead bugs along the edges. Their photos are deceiving. Good thing I was very intoxicated or else I could not have fallen asleep so easily. Do yourself a favor and spend that extra sum to get that better hotel, its well worth it!
4	Cool and quiet place, cool price for a night or two to just get away for a bit, needs a bigger bathroom though
2	Extended Stay America- the crown jewel of Las Vegas! Just kidding. Now that I have been to Vegas a jillion times, I have come up with a few rules to their hotels. Sometimes the trip is short and en route to another place, usually SLC for Christmas, and all that's needed is a cheap place to crash. Other times, I'm splurging and having fun nights out and days spent hungover, yet still cocktailing, by the pool. My number one rule for Vegas? Don't stay anywhere that doesn't have a casino.Hotels without casinos in Vegas are so not fun. Where's the bar? The restaurants? The late-night people watching?And so by these rules I will not stay at the Extended Stay America again. But also for some other reasons. First, our room was not exactly clean. We could tell that there was a smoker in the room before us, because it smelled of smoke and also the toilet had traces of someone emptying the ashtray into it. Yuck. But the linens and bed were clean, so it wasn't disgusting. Just kind of unpleasant because a previous guest. I didn't feel like the blanket was thick enough to keep me warm at night, but the heat worked just fine so I guess that was my solution. There was no shampoo or conditioner but the front desk person gave me some 'conditioning shampoo.' Also, no hair dryer, boo.The area is a little scary-looking at first, but we got used to it and even walked to the Rio and the Palms casino and felt safe doing so. Having all that said, I still generally liked being here, because the room is so big...there are two rooms actually, a living room and a bedroom, both with TVs. It felt like a little apartment. It seemed to fit the bill for the purpose of our trip- a family friendly holiday weekend in Las Vegas on a budget. Since we were with family, there was a lot of using our own cars and not drinking, so it didn't bother me that we were off the strip.So basically, I didn't like it, I didn't hate it and I wouldn't return.
