4	Great Happy Hour . Great Desserts. I don't care much for the main courses.  Wait time can be a bitch on weekends. Staff is courteous and friendly . One of the better casual dining establishments in the East Valley. Did I mention the awesome desserts ?
2	I've been to the Elephant bar twice and have never had a good experience. While I love the safari ambiance, which reminds me of the Rainforest Cafe in Arizona Mills, the food was lackluster. The restaurant's Web site (elephantbar.com) advertises that 'The menu is unforgettable' but this is far from the truth. My burger was too well done here and on my second trip the Fire Grilled Mahi-Mahi Sandwich didn't sizzle with flavor like I anticipated.Take the Elephant Bar for what it is -- a fun place to relax with a drink in a unique ambiance. Just skip the food.
5	**DISCLAIMER**I rate only on the quality and consistency of the Coconut ShrimpChain Schmain! If you know what to order you'll be fine.They have a pretty extensive Polynesian inspired menu.Stay away from all that and go for the good stuff~ COCONUT SHRIMP ~Quite Possibly the best (see pics)Their Tempura Salmon roll is pretty good too but can vary, this time it was a little over riced and the rice was on the sticky side, but it was still tasty.I Only go here to eat those two items and occasionally their mini sundae which is super fab! A scoop of vanilla ice cream set inside a crispy cinnamon sugar wonton bowl with chocolate sauce and whip cream! Perfection!
4	For a chainy place this was good.Went there for lunch today. It was not bad at all. Sure its a chain, but does it really matter? Their menu is somewhat interesting. Most items have some kind of finicky twist to them. Service was good and ice tea was cold.It could be cheaper or more interesting but its pretty good as is. Gotta try something new, right?"I like"
4	In general, I tend to avoid patronizing chain restaurants and franchises when a suitable locally owned option exists.  But a friend of mine invited my girlfriend and I out to dinner along with his woman, and he had a some coupons for the Elephant Bar, so we decided to give it a shot.First off, I really dug the atmosphere.  It felt like stepping into a Pier 1 Imports catalogue.  That whole tropical colonial vibe.  Not that I support colonialism.  This was a few months ago, so my memory is a bit spotty. I remember the service being good, and both of us enjoying our dishes.  After looking at their menu online, I determined that I had the vegetable stir fry with tofu.  Delicious.  Portions are large. Members of the non-lumberjack population that do not need to consume 5000 calories a day, would be just fine splitting a plate.  Unless you want the leftovers for lunch, then go ahead and get your own platter.
2	Typical chain restaurant. The food is ok. They had a happy hour while we were there for some drinks and appetizers but wasn't very impressed by the deal. The only beers included were coors and bud I think (they have other beers available but they were not included with the happy hour deal). The vibe is comfortable but I'd rather spend the money somewhere else with less of a chain feel and a little higher quality food.
3	I only give them three stars because the service is 4 star and the food is 2 stars. The food by itself isnt horrible. It is horrible when you realize you are eating this at a restaurant.The food would be good if I opend my freezer and poped the freezer stuff I just bought from costco in the oven. Basically, I would be shocked if anything was house made. It all tastes like costco freezer food. When eating there, you cant help but to feel like you are just paying someone to heat up frozen food. Sapporo gives my that feeling too.
4	Taste is pretty tasty!Took some friends to this place and they got drunk!  Those margaritas hit hard.Food is very good.  Kind of like an asian, cajun, american mix.  I had the jumbiliya.  Pretty damm good.  Service was great.  Chica was over nice to me and I felt it was a duty to tip well.High class, but good pricing.  cant wait to go back.
3	The waitresses are funny and will joke around with you but the food and drinks are only average and kind of pricey. This place is good to go during happy hour
2	I was seriously surprised when I walked into this place!  The decor is over the top!  The menu was, sadly, pretty blan though.  There wasn't much to get excited about.  My salmon meal kind of sucked.  I wouldn't go back unless I felt the need to be surrounded by animal print.
2	I was not overly excited to eat here because this is just another chain with 'eh' food.  This was my second trip to this place, but will probably be my last because there are just too many good restaurants in the area to waste time eating at run-of-the-mill places like Elephant Bar.I agree with most of the other reviews that there really is no common theme for the food.  You would think that it is going to be 'jungle' or 'island' themed, but I was at a loss as to what they were actually going for.  The decor is unique and is jungle themed, but the menu was random.  From potato skins and calamari to ribs and coconut fried shrimp; this was more of a more expensive Applebee's than anything else.I also agree with most of the other reviews on here about the food.  The portions and prices are almost reasonable, but the quality just isn't there.  I ordered the burger and it was clearly from a package and frozen just a few hours before.  The sweet potato fries were ok at best and really nothing special.  Neither were the calamari, nachos, ribs, or tri-tip I tasted.  I agree that all the food may very well have been from Costco.I have nothing bad to say about the service.  Our waiters were very friendly, helpful and quick and there were no major issues with our party of 9.
2	What do you call an elephant with glass slippers?  Cinderelephant.This elephant walks into a bar...Had enough?Me to.  I probably won't be back to Elephant Bar.  My food wasn't bad.  It was just mediocre and overcooked.  For the money I could go so many other places.The atmosphere tries to be interesting and jungley-wungley with animal patterns all over the place.  It struck me as a buffet in Vegas.  I'm not quite sure why but that was the overall impression and it hit me quick.  Not one of the good buffets either.  A buffet overcrowed with blue hairs and sweaty tourists, a loud and bustling buffet with high prices and mediocre food.To their credit (I think) the desserts we split were huge.  I would call them family style.  1 dessert could easily have served 4 people.
2	How do you spell average?e-l-e-p-h-a-n-t-b-a-rhow do you spell mediocre?e-l-e-p-h-a-n-t-b-a-rhow do you spell blah?  (hint: starts with an E)e-l-e-p-h-a-n-t-b-a-r!if you ever ask someone if they can recommend a movie, and they tell you go see independence day! then that is the sort of person you send to elephant bar.  blaaaaaaaaaah.  it is in the ranks of firebird's and so on.  i can't claim that the food is bad because it's so resoundingly mediocre.if you are looking for a boring way to sustain life for just long enough to have a boring night with boring people in a boring place and on a boring day of the week, at a boring time of day, and with boring food and boring drink, boring menus and boring specials, boring beers and boring desserts, all while being mind-numbingly bored, then I say to you:e-l-e-p-h-a-n-t-b-a-r
4	Wow, I am kinda suprised by the recent reviews of this place. My girlfriend loves this place and has been going for the past 5+ years. She would probably give it 5 stars. I really like this place, the atmosphere, we always get great service. The food is really, really good and the prices aren't bad. Sometimes, very crowded, but haven't ever waited too long. We love going back and can't wait till our next visit.
4	Oh man, I have a huge soft spot for restaurants with crazy over-the-top decor.  The place looks like Africa threw up on it.  Leopard-print carpet (nice!), giant elephant & giraffe statues, piles of old-timey traveling trunks--Elephant Bar has got it all and more.  Service is fantastic--very friendly and cheeky.  The food is pretty good--nothing special, but reliable.  You go here to revel in the gleefully cheesy decor and knock back a few, not to have a mind-blowing dining experience.
2	This is a mess of Asian and American food with a splash of other pacific rim flavors. The mix maybe good to some, but if you're talking to me it's not. Restaurants like this and many other chain restaurants, they try to do too many and too much to be good or great at all. Not to mention I've been here three times and each time the food was inconsistent from the previous time. I can go on and on about the food. But a restaurant that try its hands with Asian food. They can't cook rice. Can't cook rice they can cook anything else. It's the basic quintessential prerequisite skill to have. It's sometimes dry and sometimes mushy. It ruins the main entree thus making the complete experience horrible
2	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):7 Food7 Service7 Atmosphere5 ValueJust didn't feel it.
5	Though the restaurant has changed menus, I still find the eclectic combination of "world cuisine" to be steange enpugh to make me feel like Im eating at a fancy place, but safe enough that I can order just about anything knowing it will be good.  This is the place I take my wife when we need to have a special moment. The atmosphere is wonderful, the wait staff is friendly, and the open kitchen inspires confidence.  5 stars, I love this place.
1	You can come here for happy hour drinks but do not under any circumstances eat dinner here.
4	My friends and I were in town to do some late night shopping at IKEA and wanted to find somewhere to stop for food and drinks before the drive back to Tucson. We fumbled through Yelp for nearby places but nothing looked appealing. Then we stumbled on the Elephant Bar just by driving by. I pulled up their Yelp page and the first review I saw commented on their decor, "looks like Africa threw up inside" and we instantly knew this was the place to go.The review didn't lie; giraffe statues, zebra print....totally Africa style. Awesome interior. It was almost 10pm so no wait to get seated at a booth in the bar. Happy Hour started at 10 so we took a few minutes to look over the drink menu. Our waitress was very attentive and kept coming back to check on us and grab our food and drink orders. She was very knowledgeable and was able to recommend a bottle of wine to pair with my DELICIOUS steak and coconut shrimp. My friends ordered shrimp and the quick-seared tuna (maybe it was mahi-mahi?) which were equally pleasing to my tastebuds.The only complaint I have is our waitress was less and less attentive as the night went on (and the drunker we got) but I couldn't blame her, it was a Saturday night. Overall this is definitely a place to check out and I will be back ASAP!
3	I've been here several times.  The food is tasty, and the decor is very different than any restaurant I've been to.  It looked like something that Humphrey Bogart would be at.With all that said, it doesn't counteract the absolutely HUGE prices that will attack you when the bill comes.  With prices this expensive, I could live the rest of my life never having to go to the Elephant Bar again, and I wouldn't miss it at all.Save your cash.
4	Have eaten here for more than 5 years.    Great decor.   Good wait staff.    Great food; good variety and delicious desserts.
3	What I like: MisoYaki Firegrilled Salmon. Love it, love it, love it. To me, this one dish is worth it. What I also like: The decor. Incredibly cliche but it's fun.What I don't like: I feel like I'm constantly waiting. The last time I went there was 11 of us, so I will grant them that there was a ton of us, but it seriously took forever for the food, for the desert, for the check. It was pretty crazy. But even when it's just me and my husband, the service always seems slow.Plus, it is pricey for what it is.But it's definitely something to check out.
1	no. not ever. never never never never again. i remember elephant bar when it was adjacent to chris town mall (!) and i remember liking it, but i was 12 so that may not be totally accurate.anyhow, i've never left a restaurant with absolutely nothing good to say about it. until now. it was awful. i'm sorry, except for the calamari appetizer, which for some reason i liked. it was 95% awful.i ordered some "shrimp adventure/shrimp ahoy/shrimp bonanza" sort of thing, because i hadn't had shrimp in awhile and it sounded tasty.horrendous. of the 3 types, only 1 was mediocre, the butterflied fried kind.  the grilled ones were still GRAY and cold. the "shrimp on a stick", which i think was coconut prawns, were stingy and over-fried, not to mention they left the tail on. mmmmm crunchy. now, i did tell my server about the undone shrimp and he was apologetic and asked me what i'd like to replace it. i said fried shrimp, which took 25 minutes to get there. the manager came over and apologized, offering us a free dessert. we went for it. we shouldn't have. it was apple-blueberry cobbler with walnut streusel. it tasted like unevenly cooked, gooey potpourri...or at least what i imagine that tastes like. in the end, we did have a very good and prompt server, so he got a nice tip. it's not his fault the kitchen staff can't find their rear with both hands.
3	I am not entirely sure how to describe The Elephant Bar, other than to say it is akin to walking into Razmataz without much furniture?  There is just a lot of... Africa... in there.  It is exactly what you would expect - hence the three stars.I love their pineapple, pink swirly drink with rum in it.  I have no idea what it is called, but it is the only reason I hit up this place.Their food is pretty average, prices above average, and my "chicken tender" snob sister said that she didn't care for hers, which makes this place difficult for a picky eater.If you come out of the mall and want a sit-down dinner, this place is by far better than the other options.  Check it out - maybe you will find a new love!
5	Took my mom here for dinner. She had the Thai Chicken Salad, and loved it. The ginger dressing was amazing. I had the Jambalaya, came with garlic bread. Very good, not too spicy and tons of shrimp and sausage. We shared a creme brulee for dessert, AMAZING! it was sooo good. The service was quick, friendly, and everything was great. I love the atmosphere at this restaurant. never had a bad meal or bad service here.
5	It had been such a long time since I ate at the Elephant Bar. I am not sure why I quit going though because after eating there a week ago, I realize that this place is the best for salads. Hence the 5 stars, my favorite place for a good healthy salad. Oh maybe not healthy, but great nonetheless. Honestly, I have only tried one entree on their menu, the honey mustard chicken salad. Its so good though that I cannot bring myself to try anything else. The dressing on it is creamy yet sweet, yet not overpowering like some honey mustard can be. I also love that they finish the dish with a thick balsamic syrup which honestly MAKES IT! The chicken is always tender and the panko crust is always crispy. Its just an AMAZING salad! When I went there last, my party opted for the sweet potato fries as an appetizer. They were very tasty and the Asian spicy ketchup they served with the fries had a unique but definitely great flavor. A couple of dishes worthy of mention: The Thai High Chicken salad (my dad let me try a bite of his and it was delicious though not as delicious as the honey mustard salad in my opinion) and the shrimp skewers appetizer. And lastly, dessert cannot be forgotten. My dad, step mom and myself opted to share the brownie tower dessert which came with... you guessed it, brownies! It also had mint chip ice cream (my fav) and home made whipped cream. It was fricken huge! The brownies were some of the best brownies I have ever had. I loved that they had giant dark chocolate chocolate chips inside of them. Ummmmm, I am salivating just thinking about it. Anyways, for some reason, this place gets forgotten and I am not sure why because every time I have gone here, it has been absolutely delightful. I will definitely keep Elephant Bar on my brain from now on!PS: They have a killer strawberry, banana smoothie (non alcoholic but fun) and their mai tai is absolutely divine!
5	If you are looking for great food and a fun atmosphere I definitely recommend this place. I have visited this location many times and although I have always ordered the same thing (Jambalaya) I have a great dining experience each time, as the food is always excellent and the service is terrific. The food items are little more pricey but well worth it. To be honest I was a little bummed that they changed the Mud Pie dessert but not enough to altar my rating as I still get excited every time I visit.
3	I do admit, this one was one of the better chain experiences I have had. This was another one of ma's great adventures into culinary mediocrity. But since I am the youngest, I get to go along for the ride when she feels the urge. Actually this one was my mom treating my girlfriend to her birthday meal. My mom ordered some really big drink and I'm pretty sure I remember bamboo sticking out of it...It was interesting for sure.I had a grilled portobello something or other. Tasty, but I was distracted by the crazy animal prints all over the place for most of the meal.My girlfriend had chicken marsala, which I liked better than my meal. Nice sauteed spinach with garlic on the side. That one got approval from the whole table.I truly cannot remember for the life of me what my mom had. She loved it whatever it was. The place was a ghost town at the lunch hour. But well, huge square footage in a recession is never a good idea is it?
3	The lunch Chicken Marsala was just ok. Chicken was dry, but it was only $8.95Loved the coconut shrimp side, especially for only $3.99Not sure I can recommend their Cobb Salad. The dish served on is not meant to toss a salad in, so if you like your Cobb tossed, ask them to toss it before bringing it to your table.  The side of 4 ribs was a value for only $3.99The best part of this experience was Mike, our waiter.  Helpful and attentive, above and beyond.  I really appreciated his assistance with my daughter & granddaughter.
3	Wow yes, quite a difference huh? Went back here with the hubby and sister and brother in law. Discovered that they took my beloved honey mustard chicken salad off the menu. WTF? Why does this always happen to me??? In any event, I ordered the new shrimp and crab Louis salad with a side of sweet pot fries and a raspberry mango swirl smoothie or something to that effect. The salad kinda sucked. Not enough shrimp or crab, plus I hate how everything was "sectioned." Just mix everything in my salad together and then top with huge mounds of shrimp and crab! The sweet pot fries were not very good this time and a waste I felt. The smoothie was ok but not as good as the strawberry banana one. The rest of our party didn't care for their entrees very much either. Oh and their "home made" mac and cheese was terrible. Not creamy, not cheesy, and their "breadcrumbs" were nothing more than croutons! Not the same thing! Anyways, service was still ok but their food has gone downhill I think. It went from being terrific to just ok for me. Don't think i will go back unless someone else suggest it. Major disappointment.   :(
4	I've always been a fan of Elephant Bar and I found this location to be just as nice as the others. I ordered the pad thai and requested it to be extra spicy. My bf got the jalapeno burger. Both were really good! And our server was very helpful.
4	I absolutely adore this place.  They have wonderfully amazing food (really, that good!) and great prices for the quality.  I have been going here since they opened and dropped off some coupons at my workplace -- never heard of them before that... however, I have been hooked since then!!For a recommendation -- Sweet Potato Fries, ***Honey Mustard Chicken Salad*** (this is totally my fall-back, it amazing!!), Lemon-Garlic & Herb Marinated Chicken Sandwich Caprese, Wok-Fired Mongolian Beef, Sauteed Chicken Marsala, and ... well, I can't seem to find my favorite dessert but it was this gigantic cookie and ice cream monster.  Perhaps it was just a seasonal item.
2	I would say the Elephant Bar is great for happy hour... Pretty good Happy hour prices for drinks great to meet people for drinks to discuss where you really want to eat dinner.
4	Hadn't been to Elephant Bar for several years, and was concerned maybe with the economy they went under, but I found the contrary!Met a business colleague for lunch and was quite pleased with our server. She was attentive and polite and didn't check up on us too much.I had the Kona Cooler, which had Red Bull in it, so I was set for the rest of the day..haha.Entree was jambalaya - scrumptious. A very well made dish with the perfect assortment of rice, meat, and seasonings.Will have to bring my wife and family back sometime. Thanks guys
4	I know this is a chain, but sometimes it just sounded so good.  The food was always great and fast and we enjoyed the atmosphere.  My only complaint is what you get for the price.  If it was a little cheaper I would give 5 stars.
4	I just don't get the mediocre reviews of this place.  Yes, it's a chain, but it's a unique one at that.  I've never had a bad meal here.  I generally stick with the asian entrees and have never been disappointed.  This lunch was especially good and the service was excellent.  We ordered:- Thai-High Sweet & Zesty Chicken Salad - delicious- Wok Fired Sesame Ginger Chicken (noodles) - fabulous & a large portion- Side order of fries - seriously some of the best I had w/ both sea salt and pepper and perfectly friedOverall, a great lunch....I'll be back for sure.
4	Elephant Bar is a place we used to frequent for work meetings and although the food is decent, I never understood the interest in this place. In a city with a ton of diverse dining options, this would not be my first choice but it is definitely decent. Pricey but edible.
4	I like Elephant Bar and my kids love it. It is fun, clean and friendly with many food choices so you can take even the pickiest eater there and they will find something they like. The ambiance is really fun and the drinks, not just wine, are fun too. Service is always good and they did an amazing job of seating 16 of us one night.
4	I LOVE their wok.....great flavor.  The lamb shank and herb salmon is amazing too.  But NOTHING beats their Creme Brulee.  AMAZING.  It's a fun place to take the kids too.
4	I was THRILLED by the happy hour prices and food.  Had the mojitos and the bruschetta dish.  Can't wait to go back and have it again.  Big chunks of fresh mozzarella, avocado and then a chopped up tomato, basil mixture.... served with pita chips.  YUMMY!I have to say the service (young blonde girl working the bar area alone) SUCKED.Good thing the food and drinks were so good.
5	I usually don't review larger chains but I absolutely love Elephant Bar. Never had bad service there, they have a ton of options and their happy hour is fantastic. Drinks are good, great selection of beers and spirits. For food, you HAVE to get the calamari to start. It's unlike any other place and it's so delicious. The teriyaki chicken is great, lemon chicken is outstanding and the prices aren't too bad either. There are very few places like Elephant Bar and this location is the best one. -Ethan
2	The food was decent. The place was too cold, my steak got cold and hard before I could even get half way through it. The mash potatoes were lacking flavor. The only reason I want to go back is to try their drinks and desserts.
4	Salmon with rice and vegi is a must have. If I could eat there every night, I would.
3	I probably would not have come here however my daughter's school had a fundraiser here and I like to go and support the school. The jungle themed decor seemed to be very appealing to all the kids.  It was not your run of the mill night in the restaurant.  I will say that our server was very pleasant and helpful.  I asked what she reccomended and she gave me a few suggestions.  I opted for the macadmia crusted mahi mahi.  My daughter had a rice bowl.  Everything came out quickly and piping hot.  I must say my fish was delicious.  And the portion was quite generous.  My daughter loved her rice bowl.  She got ice cream with her meal also.  Overall they appeard to be doing a great job with the amount of people that were there.  I saw food come out pretty quickly and everyone seemed to be having a good time.  Would I came back?  They offer a $5 off coupon if you sign up for their e-club.  My daughter loved the decor and she asked if we could go back sometime so ya, we probably will.
4	Great place for a girlie lunch! Had a wonderful salad and dressing on the side. The server actually remembered. She wasn't pushy or did not try to push us out fast. We had an enjoyable lunch with glasses filled promptly. Quiet at the lunch hour which was nice so we could actually have a nice conversation. Definitely a place to go back to!!!
5	What a neat place. We had a lovely girl who was our server, sorry to say i don't remember her name. But, she was great!                                         The menu here is very extensive.   It was hard to know what to choose there was so much. I got the seared Ahi salad and my date got the schewan beef with rice. Both items were really good.   Restaurant was very clean as well as the bathrooms. The place had a great decor as well!  I thought it was a lot of fun and well done. We even sat outside for a little bit after dinner on the front patio. It was really clean (a good thing  since we have had all the dust storms).  Music was playing lighting ,not overwhelming. I will definitely come back here.
4	Pretty good! They have many vegan options if you ask! Waitstaff is friendly. My friend ordered the chicken marsala, but said there was too much fat on it. I ordered the garlic noodle dish, minus the shrimp. Even the half-order at $5 was too generous a helping, but sooo very good. There were approximately 15 other people at our table, as it was a friend's birthday dinner, and everything looked phenomenal, really. I'd definitely like to go back often if I wasn't so distant from chandler!
5	Sometimes chain resturants are not the best. However, this place is very good. Always like the menu items. There is a  lot to choose from. You could never say you don't like what is on the menu.   The Decor is really nice, Love the Big Elelphant up front in the waiting area. Servers are very attentive and friendly.  Nice and clean, lots of parking. Very convienant when you are right at the mall. Plus they sometimes have coupons, even better. We will be back.
4	I like the Elephant Bar.  Been there many times.  Their fusion of Asian, Cajun and American cuisines is somewhat unique, and tasty.  I like their jambalaya, but they also have chicken and seafood dishes that are very nice.  The decor also is kinda fun.Their happy hour also is pretty good, and they do a reverse happy hour after 9pm.  They also have decent lunch specials.I will have to knock them for their desserts, however.  The only one we've tried that is any good is the mud pie, and you better like coffee flavor or you won't like that either.  They do NOT have a pure chocolate dessert.  Their brownie has walnuts (I hate walnuts).  The Creme Brulee is OK.  But really, the dessert menu is very weak and disappointing.The the main menu has a wide variety of dishes available, and you're sure to find something you will like.
2	The be fair and balance out all the reviews of places I want people to go, I had to pick a place that I don't want anyone to go.  Granted, this place would have changed because it has been a couple years since I've been there.So the first couple times I went there, it felt like an overpriced TGI Friday's and I really had no desire to return.  But no...  We had to do a team lunch there once.  Again, completely forgettable meal, but what I will never forget is two of the guys in my group ordered this one sampler dish.  Compared to the picture on the menu, it literally looked like they split a single portion over two plates.  After taking forever, and then not seeming two concerned when one of my friends said, "I didn't order the kid's portion."We still laugh and make jokes about this place.  With all the better places around the area, I'm surprised it is still in business.
3	Umm Happy hour! Yes.... I don't think I've ever been here any other time than for happy hour....So it's the only thing I can judge it on. I'm a fan of the inexpensive food and drinks. Strange man hitting on me at the bar... well I'll let it slide cause that can happen pretty much anywhere, people always seem to want to randomly talk to me.  I highly recommend happy hour here, but you may have to stalk out a seat at the bar, it gets super packed some nights.
3	First time in an EB for me and I mostly enjoyed my lunch - the shrimp variety platter (or whatever it was called) was substantial and a decent value. The decor here is like an adult version of a rainforest cafe and the menu is far too large and random ala cheesecake factory but with a lower quality product. I have heard through the grapevine that happy hour here is worthwhile.
5	Yummy.  The trout was fantastic, the cosmo's were outstanding and the spinach/artichoke dip was also really awesome.  Our waiter was very attentive and we had a lovely evening.  The food was excellent, the staff was friendly and the prices were reasonable.  We will definately visit here again the next time we are in town.
2	Most of the food here is adequate, but that's about all I can say.  The service is okay, but not great.  The wait staff is generally nice, but not friendly, and not very quick.I can say that I was VERY dissapointed by their idea of "bruschetta".  I refused to eat it.  It was pita bread, cold tomatoes, slabs of mozzerella cheese, and avocado.  Awful.
2	I tried this place a couple years ago and now I remember why I hadn't come back since last night... The food sucks. Don't get me wrong I WANT to like the Elephant Bar. It's centrally located, has a friendly staff, great ambiance, huge menu with pictures and it's cheap. Last night I had the Quick-Fried Soy-Ginger Calamari and it was by far the worst Calamari I have ever had or will probably ever have. It was on top of this dressed salad which made it soggy before it even made it to the table. The texture was that of string cheese and over cooked chicken. The flavor was unflattering to the delicacy of calamari. Next up I had the Teriyaki Chicken which was an upgrade from the Calamari fiasco but, it still was not good. It tasted smoky and I was expecting a thicker and more traditionally sweet teriyaki sauce. My husband said the Three Cheese Macaroni was legit but it was oddly topped with store bought croutons, smh! So what I learned was... This place is just not for me.
4	Food and prices were awesome! Decor is very nice, a little dark though, especially when trying to read a menu!Over all I think this is a nice family restaurant!
3	We got a gift certificate to this restaurant, so I guess we were obligated to go.  I hate wasting someone else's money.We had the Vietnamese Spring Rolls for appetizers.  It's a commercialized Americanized version of Goi Cuon, a traditional Vietnamese dish.  It was okay--not good, not bad, not what I expected and hoped for unfortunately.  But I wasn't at a Vietnamese restaurant, so I had to dial down my expectations there.The menu is immense.  Probably way too big.  That's probably some of the difficulty we had in this restaurant.  Our extremely attentive waiter had to come back 3 times before taking our order because it took us that long to figure out what our kids wanted and then what we wanted.I had the Bangkok Pad Thai with Shrimp.  Shrimp was slightly undercooked, not particularly good.  The noodles were Americanized, not very hot though I asked for extra "heat", and were just "meh".   The tofu in it was very good though.  At least I hope it was tofu.  You can just never tell.My wife had the Ultimate Bacon Cheeseburger.  The bun was very greasy, so she only ended up eating the contents.  It was okay, standard sit-down restaurant burger.One son had New York steak.  Cooked to order (not undercooked as is common), and a nice cut of meat.  Not bad.Other son had Crispy Teriyaki Chicken.  It was okay--nothing super special.  But it wasn't bad, and he ate much of it.  He's a very picky eater typically.Overall, I'd put this restaurant in the category of "Chili's" and "Outback Steakhouse".  Good for families and large groups, not very intimate.The service was impeccable though.  The server here for us was probably the best restaurant service that we've had in years.  So kudos to that!
3	Do I love this place? No.Do I hate it? Not quiteDo I find it mediocre to switch things up a bit? Hell yes.some restaurants get old after awhile day after day IMO.we came here to get burgers(i would not trust getting Chinese or "wok" inspired dishes from an Americanized fusion place. If I want good Chinese or whatever I will go to where the goodness is really at. Which is NOT here. After not eating all day I ordered the Santa Barbara burger with regular french fries. ehhhh....Nothing amazing. Not much flavor the chefs got the color completely on point though as far as medium rare which is not usual for my luck. I ordered it with no onions and its a damn good thing i am not allergic. Because there was definitely onion on it.  Hidden below the patty sneaky bastards.  Trying to kill me or something. Geeze!  I ordered a weird concoction of a drink (half club soda/lemonade)(Woot DD!) and i had to search high and low as I sat stuffing my face with my burger and hoping to god she would hurry up and get to our area so I can wave her down for a refill. One thing I happen to love dearly is when I do NOT have to wave down a waitress to refill a drink. Especially if refills are free!  I swear they do it on purpose to not come around so they do less or they are doing way too much and have too much area to cover.  Will I go back?  Sure i guess. Not by my choice though.
4	Came here for happy hour with a friend...first time for me, second for her.Happy hour runs from 3-7pm. We had house margaritas ($3)--yum! Normal margarita, didn't taste like they had watered them down for cheaper prices.Food-wise we had the sweet potato fries, buffalo chicken tenders, mozzarella w/bruschetta, spring rolls, and the salmon tempura. All of it was really good. We weren't huge fans of the spring rolls, but the salad underneath them was great! Dressing was light but had great flavors.Ranged in price from $3.50-$6.50. Overall, we spent about $45--which gave us both a buzz and full bellies! We never even looked at the full menu. Our server (who, I can't remember his name, sorry!) was super nice and on top of things. Not sure if he was impressed with how much food we packed away...Will definitely be going back.
1	First of all, I should say I go into a restaurant WANTING to love it. It is very hard to make me never want to return- I am a food lover!!Early 2011. My husband and I received a gift card to this restaurant so we took my sister-in-law out. It ended up being embarrassingly bad, and we felt really bad for taking her here.Our server was so rude! He was very unprofessional, and acted like he did not want to be there. I wish I could remember his name, but I did not bother to write it down. I recently turned 21, so was excited to try a new drink. I ordered a red apple martini and he brought me a green apple martini.I do not like to send anything back, so I thought I would give it a try, and I ended up not liking it. I flagged him down and let him know that I had received the wrong drink. He said to me "are you sure?" and tried to convince me that I had ordered the green martini. It was very awkward, because I knew (and everyone at my table knew) that I had ordered the red martini. I asked if I could please just get the red one as the green one was not very good. He reluctantly took it away and then returned to our table several minutes later. In a quiet voice he said "Hey, if my manager asks, tell him you changed your mind, or I will get in trouble".Overall, the experience was horrible. There were long gaps in time that our waiter was no where to be seen and at one point we had to get the attention of another waiter for water refills. A customer should never have to ask for a refill after their cup has been empty for 20 minutes. It was very rude. The food was nothing special, did not leave an impression.We had planned to be there for an hour at the most, but from the moment we walked in to when we left, it was over 2 hours! The length of time of the meal should be dictated by the customer, not by bad service.We felt very silly for having gone there. Most restaurants strive to give the customer an experience that they will want to return to. This restaurant did not give us that experience at all. Very unfortunate.
1	I went here for lunch.  The minute we walked in the smoke smell from their kitchen was offensive.  There were very few dishes under $13 and the portions are way too large.  Don't they understand people who pop out for an office lunch?  Even their "lunch specials" were $12 to $16!  The food quality was mediocre.  The waitress was excellent but, I wouldn't go back as there are so many other places I prefer.
3	This place was decent enough.  Nothing stood out about it though.  Service was good....waitress was friendly and made good recommendations.  Decent margaritas.  With so many other restaurants in the area we probably wouldn't choose this place again, although I might try out their happy hour somtime.
4	We frequent the Elephant Bar for fish and Ahi and other different delights.  Service varies on the visit.  The bar area itself is the best place normally.  The food is consistently very good with a nice variety.  Linda was our server tonight and was nice.
4	I usually come here with coworkers for some specialoccasion lunch - like a birthday or something likethat. Also a few happy hours for leaving coworkers.As far as food that I've had here - the JapaneseAhi Rice Bowl was pretty good. Can't go wrong withAhi and every time I've had it, it's been fresh.I also had their Misoyaki Fire Grilled Salmon whichwas pretty good as well. I must say of all theseChandler Mall/Chandler Blvd Strip restaurants we frequent for company functions - Majerle's, Keg, Firebirds, Chili's - this place has my favorite menu. And I like the layout of the place as well. We usuallypark in the back - south part of the restaurant andenter via the secret back door entrance on the southeastcorner - "sneaking in" as the waitresses who catch us say.Service has usually been decent. We're usually too caughtup in conversations to notice so we'd really only noticeif it was bad and that hasn't been the case.
5	Always a great time.. happy hour menu to die for with excellent quality and value.. drink menu is flavorful and inventive.. the bar tenders and servers are always attentive and classy.. we make it a point to visit every time were in the area.. the only thing I would change would be the noise level and wait occasionally...
4	Went with my partner on a Saturday night, it was busy but got seated within 10 minutes, the staff was very attentive. My only real criticism is that there is not much room to move.  I ordered the Indian shrimp with brown rice, it was a little spicey but tasty. I loved their appetizer choices, we went with a flatbread mini pizza. We did not have any cocktails but the next time we go will definitely get one.
4	Been a while since I reviewed this place. It's still good.  Their menu still has a variety of tiems, and I still think they are a bit over-priced.  But being in their email club I get coupons fairly frequently, and they make it a good value.
2	I have to say that I LOVE Elephant Bar, in general.  Happy hour is a great deal, and the portions are perfect.  The drinks are fun and yummy.  I've loved the Scottsdale location and the Henderson location.  We just moved, and this EB is about 10 minutes from our new house.  In the last three weeks, we've been there three times.  I keep going back wanting to love it as much as I have in the past, at other locations...but I just can't.  The servers don't seem to smile (suggests to me that morale sucks at this location), the food is so-so, and tonight we got something brought to the table COLD..twice...and it should've been steaming hot.  Both my husband and I have had upset tummies since our dinner there this evening, to boot.Being new to this area, I rely on Yelp reviews, and I thought this might be helpful.  While Elephant Bar might be great in some other areas, the Chandler location is a big AVOID in my books.  Especially when Chandler has at least 10 other great restaurants within walking distance of this EB.
2	My boyfriend I dined here a few months ago. We'd never been and thought we'd give it a try! The decor was lovely, the staff was very friendly, and the food looked spectacular! Now you'd think my star rating would be better but sadly it isn't. Even though everything looked amazing the food was actually tasteless. We were both surprised that our food tasted so terrible when it looks so amazing. I had ordered a shrimp plate and he ordered a lamb dish. Unfortunately we've never been back and probably wont ever go back.
5	We have been here about 8 times now. Every time we have a great time. THe menu changes all the time, but always a lot of really good choices. Last night we ordered the Calamari starter. It was think pieces of cal steak ,lightly breaded and served with shaved bits of carrots and zuchinni. It was very good.For dinner we had A tatse of China ,which was chicken and shrimp with brown rice(excellent) and I had the Burger with Sweet potato Fries, Another home Run. every time good, we are always happy. Plus they send out $7.00 coupons all the time. We used one last night as well. Fabulous savings. Clean bathrooms and lots of parking.
1	After a terrible visit to the Elephant Bar in Emeryville, CA, I decided to give it the college try and visit again in Chandler, AZ. I should've followed my first thought and went somewhere else. While I will say that I love their happy hour drink specials, the food leaves much to be desired. I ordered the salmon rolls, which was disappointing. The roll was 92 percent rice, 5 percent veggie and 3 percent salmon. The only upside was the waiter at the bar provided good service. I will never return again. The Elephant Bar is a waste of money and space.
2	This place has definitely gone downhill since my usual visits years ago. Their menu is constantly changing and it's so big you'll spend at least 10 minutes just looking over what you want. The food is sub-par compared to other places that serve the same type of food. Heck, P.F. Chang's just across the way is much better and you pay only a few dollars more, but the statement is true "you get what you pay for" and this location definitely proves that everytime.
5	Consistently good food and service. They also put coupons in the news paper from time to time. My favorites here are the thai hi chicken salad, orange shrimp, and creme brulee. My husband loves the jambalaya and burgers. Tim is a fantastic server and I always ask for his section when he is working. He works very hard and provides excellent service. The managers always come around and ask if everything is ok. I also love the atmosphere here!
5	My favorite terriyaki chicken EVER...Get the crispy terriyaki chicken and you shouldn't be disappointed!!  I never am.
4	My family loves Elephant Bar. We go there at least once a month for happy hour, and their deals are fantastic. Good (stiff) drinks, great appetizers (though I wish they'd put the seared Ahi back on the happy hour menu). The service is fantastic. If you go on a Friday night, get there early! It fills up quickly, but it's absolutely worth it, when you're paying between $4-7 for your drinks and appetizers. I've never been there for anything but happy hour, but this is our 'go-to' place.
4	I dine here maybe every three months. The place is lovely. I've never had bad service and my family likes it. I like the large variety, but the food is just not that great. I love the Seared Ahi Tuna Salad, but everything else is just o.k. Probably most important: it's affordable.
5	I had gone to The Elephant Bar a few times when I worked at the mall and I always enjoyed the atmosphere and food. Then a couple of months ago I took my boyfriend, who had never been , and he fell in love with it! Now it is one of our go to spots. No matter what you are craving, or if it is a night when you just can't figure out what you want, as soon as you sit down and look at the menu, your appetite suddenly arrives! I love sitting in the booths that look like train cars - it is just a fun place to hang out and have good food and good service. I know we will be back.
2	This restaurant has deceivingly beautiful decor. Looks like a nice restaurant, comparable to The Keg, but the cheap prices of their food matches the quality. I got their shrimp scampi jn lobster sauce and it literally was like a frozen dinner meal. I've had lean cuisine meals that were better quality. Fine service but the food leaves a ton to be desired.
5	Love this place!  Great service and food every time I've been there. I've taken my family and clients and every time we've left happy. Love the variety on the menu though it could be a bit big. The coupons are great as well.
2	I wasn't really expecting this to be a clone of the Cheesecake Factory when I went with some out of town family, but it was very similar.  The menu is way too large and covers nearly every kind of food you can think of except only having about two Vegetarian options which is a bummer. The restaurant was extremely hot the night we went not sure if they were over compensating for the cold weather or what, but it was very uncomfortable.  My meal was a pretty poor interpretation of stir-fry with tofu I can't really recommend it as anything you should go out of your way for.  Even the fried green bean appetizer was just a greasy soggy disappointment. The frozen food ones from the grocery are better and cheaper. Everyone I was with thought it was okay, but nothing spectacular.
3	I used to love the elephant bar. We used to go about twice a month at least and now I find myself looking for other places. The food has been much more inconsistent and I keep trying to find something new to love and only find like. The jambalaya sauce has been different twice and neither time was the same as the other. The Thai salad dressing no longer has that great ginger flavor. I do like their burgers and the honey shrimp is good but not as yummy as my jambalaya used to be. They do have great email specials and coupons and I will keep trying hoping that it goes back to the way it was. The service is always great and we usually ask for the same two or three servers whenever we go. I love the atmosphere as well. Just after a couple eh meals I am sad!
4	Im not gonna lie here, The Elephant Bar by my house (Torrance, Ca) is terrible. So I was reluctant to eat here. But since it was in Arizona, I figured I'd give it a whirl. The African jungle theme is really cool at this place. The upholstery has zebra skin, elephants, and jungle; pretty cool. The service was pretty quick,me specially since we had 23 persons in our group. The drinks were flowing and the food only took about 30 minutes to come out. I had Angel hair pasta with shrimp in lobster sauce. Overall, it was pretty good! Lots of flavor and plenty of shrimp!I made a point to try other dishes on the table to provide the best review possible. I tried the shrimp plate, Mongolian Beef, appetizer sampler, and Breaded chicken. The food was pretty damn good. All pastas and meats were cooked just right with nice presentation. I enjoyed my time here. The staff was nice, food was tasty, and drinks were flowing. All pointing to good times!
1	Terrible food.  The descriptions of the entrees far outstrip the actual food.  Mine  - the Crispy Teriyaka Chicken was bland, only sort of warm and the rice was barely warm and was dry and tasteless. The chicken was dry and unbelievably tough.  It all tasted like it had been on the warmer for hours.  My friend's meal was equally bland, but since it was a salad, at least temp was not an issue.  It was not busy when we arrived, but the hostess acted as if it was problem to serve us. We stood in front of her and all she could do was stare blankly at us.  So I informed her that we would like to have dinner, as if two people standing at the hostess station were a complete mystery.  And the server was just terrible.  Her response to everything we ordered, was "Not a problem!" as if bringing us the food and drink on the menu could in some way be a problem.  Perhaps she should look up the word "Server." Stunning that employees could be so poorly trained and inept. Never again will I step foot in Elephant Bar.
5	I was looking for a restaurant near Chandler Fashion when I came across Elephant Bar and Grill.  The reviews on here were mixed but I decided to take the chance.The host was friendly and welcoming.  I was quickly sat and my server, Merissa came shortly to welcome and take my drink order, which was just what I needed.  I was pleased with her drink recommendation, which was a Long Island Iced Tea.  I didn't plan on drinking, but it really hit the spot.  Throughout my experience, she was attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable. I can see myself becoming a regular here.  Not only will I be requesting Merissa for my next visit, I am excited to try her other recommendations and have a new Happy Hour spot to bring friends!
3	The Olive Garden of Asian/Thai food.   The location was nicely decorated with an African theme and very clean.  We enjoyed the great happy hour drink specials before dinner.   The dinner was acceptable, but nothing to write home about.   Our service at the bar and at the table was very quick and the servers were pleasant and smiling which always make dinner a better experience.  I would give it four stars but this dining room was so huge and so busy that it really seemed like an Olive Garden and I don't believe the meals can be made properly when there's seating for 450 people.
1	Very bad service. Bland food. We had to wait forever for even booster seats. Some dishes were okay but some were messed up.
3	First, there is not a single dish containing elephant on the menu...so I don't know why its called elephant bar if they don't serve it.The wife had chicken marsala, which while not bad tasted more like chicken in a brown gravy with mushrooms than chicken marsala.I had a steak and shrimp dinner.   Steak was good.  Shrimp were fair.  The shrimp were served with an asian chilli sauce that, again, while not bad tasted pretty much like a generic chilli sauce that you can buy at any asian market.Veggies served with both meals were pretty good.Ordered the apple blueberry cobbler for dessert.  Not bad but a bit sweet.Service was good.Restaurant is LOUD...almost to the point of unpleasantness.
4	Had lunch today. Food was very good, service was pretty good and got in & out in 45 minutes
2	I damn near broke my finger on my chair.  And they hate giving refills.  Food was ok, higher than Hardee's but lower than Applebee's.  Nice interior.  A bit pricey.  Poor service and poorly maintained furniture.
4	I ate there twice this month.  The first time we had appetizers only and the second time I had an entree salad.  The appetizers are all mouthwatering.  The atmosphere is inviting and the decor is intriguing.  It's a great place to meet up with friends.
4	The reverse happy hour is amazing! I love the food there and the drinks are also fantastic! Can't wait to go back for more drinks!
3	The atmosphere is great and i can see it being good for bar fun.....other than that...So so food......tried the shrimp platter ...ugh yea not that great. The fried green beans were good and the garlic bread. The menu for salmon had Atlantic....not good folks....Atlantic salmon is bad for you. So my recomendation is to stay away from ordering sea food here.
3	More than a year since I reviewed Elephant Bar.  So here I go again!The past few visits I've tried to make a point of ordering different stuff.  Usually I order the jambalaya.  I really like that one.  Tasty, good quantity.  But there is so much more on the menu.  So I'm trying to break my routine.This visit I ordered the Thai stir fry thing.  It was fine, but there was nothing Thai about it.  It tasted like Chinese sweet and sour.  It was good, don't misunderstand.  But nothing about the dish said "Thai".  No peanuts, no heat, nothing.  Just sweet and sour.My wife had the Cajun chicken, and I tried it.  Definitely give that one a pass.  The chicken was very bland.  Tasted like grilled chicken.  The rice was super-spicy.  Not too much for me, but you really couldn't taste anything except cayenne.  That is not what a Cajun rice is.  Compare and contrast to the rice in the jambalaya (which I realize is mostly a white rice with the jambalaya sauce on it).  Or to a "dirty rice" you can get in other restaurants.  This was, frankly, pathetic.The other dishes we've ordered the past many months were similarly uninteresting, or just plain "not great".  So I've had to deduct a star.  The jambalaya is still a favorite, but most of the other stuff just isn't up to par (at least of the things we've tried, and we've probably tried at least a half dozen different things).  If you order the right thing Elephant Bar is not bad, but if you don't it's really hit or miss.  And a lot of things you can get as good or better elsewhere (like burgers and sandwiches).  And they're pricey.
2	Disappointed, went here for a birthday luncheon & although the hostess was not rude, she was not welcoming.  The food was very disappointing, had the seafood trio from the specialty menu, was dry, flavorless & veggies were oily - presentation looked nothing like the picture on the menu.  The looks of my friend's salad she ordered was not appetizing looking.  Service was good, but not outstanding, Server did not offer a birthday dessert or even a candle on the desserts that were ordered for the birthday person.  Lack luster - will not frequent this place.
3	We had a coupon: 1 app & 2 entrees for $20. Food was mediocre. The portions are large though. The lettuce wraps were the only things that were okay. The service wasn't too bad considering how busy they were. It was worth trying with a coupon, but we wouldn't come back.Appetizer:WOK-FIRED CHICKEN LETTUCE WRAPSChopped chicken, water chestnuts, toasted coconut flakes and roasted cashews with fresh Vera Cruz salsa, marinated cucumbers and crispy chilled lettuce leaves. Served with tamarind macadamia nut sauce.My entree:CITRUS SALAD WITH GRILLED CHICKENLemon herb wood-fired chicken breast over a fresh mix of greens with carrots and red cabbage. Tossed with avocado, caramelized walnuts, mandarin oranges, green apples, dried cranberries, gorgonzola cheese crumbles and green onions. Finished with tropical honey citrus dressing.
2	Do you enjoy grease saturated (not in a good way), subpar chain food, and being violently ill before you even have the chance to leave the restaurant? Then by all means, hit up The Elephant Bar! Haven't been since 2005 (dinner with my Dude's family) and 2011 (my friend had her Bachelorette Party Dinner here). Sick within 30 minutes of eating a burger one of the first times you meet the people who are now essentially your in-laws? Not cool. Perhaps this review is a little off seeing as it has been two years.  But yeah, never would come here of my own accord. A star for fantastic service and another for great cocktails. Otherwise: Avoid, avoid, avoid!
5	Still my favorite place to go. Can't go wrong with their Lettuce Wraps, Margarita Flatbread and Korean Tacos. Love their margaritas, long islands and lemon drop martinis. And the bartenders are always awesome.  Love Jeremiah and Miki (and Chris when he was behind the bar)
2	When I pay more for food I'm expecting it to be made fresh. I asked if I could have light rice in my sushi roll and the waitress informed my that they were pre made.
3	The food as just OK. We had 2 meals. Thai High chicken stir fry - the sauce was unbalanced somehow (too sour?), although I suspect that it comes premixed from their central supply. The second dish was Korean chicken and BBQ ribs.  Both meats were a bit dry, and the bare chicken pieces were unattractively presented on a pile of rice. Both looked like they could use a sauce and a presentation tweak.  Service was very good.
2	We tried them again this last Sat night 01/25/2014. If you like a slight better service than Denny's, this is the place. we too tried the 2 for $20.00 coupon. Over cooked and undersized portions. We ask for some bread to go with the meal. That's an extra charge of $3.00. It was actually a roll sliced 4 ways, cold and cold hard butter to go with it. They rush the tables and want to clear plates before your finished and for some reason, (parting of rushing) bring your entree before your done with your appetizer.  I would suggest to the staff to get your resumes ready, Elephant Bar Chandler will close itself very soon.
4	Ate in the bar.  Loved the decor. Good atmosphere. Good service. Good prices. Enjoyed our ribeye sliders and lettuce wraps. I would go here again.
4	Went with a party of about 35-40 women. Service was really good for having that many people to deal with. They put us all out on their patio which accommodated us all well. They had some heaters out there to chase away the chill. I thought the food was a bit pricey. As well as the draft beer. However the salmon dish I had was great! The atmosphere inside and out was really nice too.
2	The Elephant Bar USED to be my favorite restaurant, however, the last 2 times - it has been very disappointing. Service is not good, rude/short-tempered waitresses but the manager was great and tried to make a bad situation better. On Friday night, we had the Ahi Tuna appetizer and the tuna was decent but the salad tasted horrible, fishy. Yuck! Ordered the prawn and steak entree', but the prawns tasted "off" and the steak was tough, although the rice and sauce was good. Our drinks were "okay". I don't think we'll be back.
4	I came here probably 5 years ago and believe to have gotten food poisoning from it. I told myself I wouldn't visit here again. However, I received a gift card at work and decided to give it a try again and possibly just get drinks. My boyfriend and I came in, in a hurry to get to a movie and had prompt service. Annie L was our server and she was fantastic she got our drinks quickly and suggested vegetable lettuce wraps since we are vegan. The food and drinks were great and her service was absolutely the best we have ever had. It was a pleasant surprise coming back.
5	Love this place. Great food, great service. I really don't know about the negative reviews. Been going there for about 4 years, and never had a negative experience with food or service. Also, Jeremiah and Mikki are awesome :-)
4	Went here on a Friday night and it was pretty busy, so we put our names on the wait list and went to the bar. We thought the bar atmosphere and setting was really nice. The planetarium-ish ceiling is cool. Because we were sitting near the service area we overheard a lot of the complaints from servers or cocktail staff I guess you could say about how long drinks were taking coming from the bar. However we had great service at the bar from several people. After moving to our table we ordered a few apps, shrimp soup,  the parm chicken and macadamia mahi mahi. all was okay  for what we expected. i enjoyed the mahi dish. Our server was on point and really friendly, and the perfect amount of check back in my book. Thanks so much Lindsay M.
1	My husband and I have dined at the Elephant Bar many times.  As long as you use the Senior Discount Card the meals are a pretty good value.  However we will not be dining there again.  On our last visit I had the Thai Chicken and my husband had the Mahi Mahi.  On each dish there were vegetable sides which were mostly stems.  The same thing happened to our dining companions.  I did not complain to the waitress, because I did not want to cause a scene.  As soon as we got home I did call and spoke to the mgr on duty.  She told me the restaurant wanted their customers to be happy and she would send me a gift card for both meals.  A week passed and we received nothing.  I went to visit the restaurant again and spoke to a different mgr who was on duty.  He assured me the gift card had been mailed.  Fast Forward 3 days, still no gift card.  I called the restaurant again.  Today is Tuesday and we received a gift which was postmarked yesterday.  The problem is, the gift card is for one meal and not for two.  We will not be visiting this restaurant again.  They don't care about customer satisfaction.
3	My first time dining here was with a large group out on the patio on a Friday evening. The service was great considering there was about 20 of us on separate checks and they had the heaters on and turned down the music for us, very accommodating. My meal was pretty forgettable, it was a steak with some veggies. I would like to come back to try some of the other items on their menu but won't be rushing back.
1	By far the worst calamari I have ever had. Spinach artichoke dip tasted gross. Appetizer sampler was not worth it. Only thing that tasted alright was the coconut shrimp. For entree I had orange peel chicken and that was okay. To be honest everything was overpriced for what it is so I don't think I'll be coming back.
1	13 of us hit up the Elephant Bar to celebrate a family birthday.  Ages 17-82 were present.  First, the manager bumped our time from 7 to 7:30 (we had a many-day prior reservation).  The party he bumped us for dallied (their prerogative) and at 8 we still didn't have a table. I went out to the patio and discovered 3 empty tables!  No one bothered since the patio was open seating!  I was incensed (Mom in a wheelchair).  They finally sat us out there (someone else sat at one of the tables meanwhile - while the hostesses checked with the manager!).  The manager is TERRIBLE.  The service was spotty - our server was terrific and we left her a huge tip.  Food was ok.  DON'T eat at this store - until they replace the manager!  He never even came by to talk to the entire group and one of the food runner's 'threw' a plate at one of the guests.  Argh!
2	I have not eaten here recently, but I'd like to throw my two cents in as to why. I used to love the Elephant Bar when I first moved to AZ.  The atmosphere is cool and they had some special lobster sauce. But after my initial two times, the food was terrible. I took my mom, stepdad, and little siblings there... They were not impressed. Then I took my dad and stepmom there... Again, not impressed. Furthermore, I had been raving and even my food was terrible. The fried food was so dark and greasy that even the kids wouldn't eat it. The sauces were different both times. It took forever for the food to come out. Their only saving grace was the coconut shrimp... Which quite honestly, is no better than the frozen costco version so not enough of a save to bring me back... Ever.
5	What a super Sunday, glad I stopped by.  The bartenders at Elephant Bar Chandler really know how to show you a good time.  Brian was really personable, but Miki was my favorite.  I had the salmon roll with a glass of Malbec off the happy hour menu.  I'm a seafood kind of guy myself, and the salmon was so pink!   Quality service, tasty food, exciting atmosphere... I'll be back for more, you can count on that.
2	We started going to the Elephant Bar several years ago.  I was a big fan of their Pacific Cove Crab and Shrimp salad so drug others along.  The salad isn't what it used to be.  They've cut back on the great ingredients and increased the size of the fillers. There was lots more cucumber and limp lettuce and much less other ingredients.  Other items that should have been on the salad were no longer included.  Egg and avocado were missing. I should have sent it back  but instead I won't go back.  Service has also been good .. thus, the 2 stars ... otherwise, it would have rated a 1 star. I received several emails from Elephant Bar's customers service indicating manager would get back to me.  She also indicated she could tell by the pictures of previous salads I had ordered and sent her that this was definitely different.  She was right as 2 1/2 weeks later he did respond. However, even though she could see the difference, I don't believe he would admit it.  His email indicated that he was sorry I felt that the Louie salad might not be the same.  He was sorry because of how I felt and not necessarily of the changes to the salad.   I wish I could figure out how to post pictures of the salad for comparison here but don't know how to do that.
2	The food isn't that great, does not make you want to come back for more. Service is ok. I don't really know how they are still operating with the kind of menu they have. You can find their gift cards $80 for $100 value at costco if you love this place.
2	The food is great at this restaurant but every time I have been there the service is awful. I have always gone in a large group and the waiters have gotten upset and disrupted conversations when we did have our orders ready when they wanted them (even though the restaurant was not busy). Once I saw our waiter stomp to a cash register and have a mini temper tantrum before returning to pestering us for our orders.
2	I came here for the first time last Sunday because I received a GC.feeling a bit skeptical due to all the negative reviews...First of all, the staff is very friendly. Prompt and nice...But that's about the only thing that was great. I had ordered a Ginger Calamari, Misoyaki Salmon, & Macau Shrimp and noodle soup with Salmon...The calamari was very salty I didnt need the dipping sauce...My Misoyaki Salmon and Macau Shrimp and noodle soup with Salmon was so bland... Worst of all my Misoyaki salmon still had a piece of wax paper grilled on to the bottom of my salmon they had failed to take off. When I let the server know...He talked to the manager and decided that they will take off the appetizer off our bill...???$16.50 Salmon =$9.50 Calamari (is that even?) I honestly did not complain to take things off the bill because I rather use up all my $100 GC and never come back here...But it made me a little upset how he handle the situation. Anyways, overall server was very nice so I give them 2 Star.
1	Arrived around 5pm and were seated quickly, they sat us in the back of the restaurant where there was a huge party.  I don't understand why because the rest of the restaurant was open.  After waiting 20 minutes with no server we walked out.
2	Pretty disappointed with my last visit. Went for lunch on a Tuesday with my boyfriend and his daughter around 1:30, it was pretty dead, only about 4 other seated tables. We were seated quickly, waited for about 10 minutes for a server and no one came. We eventually had to go up to the bar to ask for someone to take out order. The bartender was very apologetic, friendly and took our order quickly. I ordered the BBQ chicken salad, BF got a bacon cheddar burger and the little one got a cheese burger off the kids menu. Salad was very tasty with good portions and lot of different ingredients for a nice variety of flavor. BFs burger was bland, and they forgot his onion strings. It was a couple dollars extra for the burger meal to be upgraded with sweet potato fries. They were decent, all 15 of them. The kids meal burger was incredible tasteless with a stale bun. She took 3 bites and refused to eat the rest. All in all, we will not come back. We were offered a free desert for the lack of service, which was good and a nice gesture, which warrants 2 stars.
4	Went a few days ago with my family. I would give the food 3 stars, but it was the service that was amazing, 5 stars. Our server Phil was one of the best servers I have had. Very friendly, gave great suggestions on food, and kept the glasses full.  Great service!As for the food, it was good. We got the shrimp sampler which was good. My wife and I also shared a ribeye and shrimp. The ribeye was ok but I have had better. My daughter ordered the corn dog and I thought it was really weird that it cam with cole slaw. Odd side for a kids plate.
1	Food was terrible and service was even worse.  We will not be back....there is a reason this place is going down the tubes.
1	Received incredibly rude service here last night.  Waitress was not knowledgeable at all, and was very annoyed by our questions.  She actually was so visibly upset and had so much attitude, she refused to wait on us. She passed the table on to another worker, who did a great job making the situation less awkward. It put a sour note on a relaxing evening out with my hubby, and it was pretty difficult to relax and enjoy the meal after the encounter.  I was so shocked I wrote to corporate, and have not received a response.  The food is mediocre at best. Needless to say I will never be back. You are better of spending your money anywhere else, so you can actually enjoy the experience.
4	Parmesan crusted green beans: YESPotstickers: decent. (I'm usually not a potsticker fan so don't take it personal)Service: goodFeeling like you're dining in a jungle: YES!I ordered the honey shrimp dish with friend rice. Enough for plenty of leftovers and very delicious.
3	Good food and service.  Convenient to the mall after a hard day of shopping.
3	I hate giving three stars but the only good thing about this restaurant is their cocktails and waiters. We were sat down in a timely fashion and our food came out quickly. We had the calamari as an appetizer, which was bland and tastes no where close to fresh. I had the Mongolian beef which was mediocre, not very flavorful and my boyfriend had the ribs and teriyaki chicken which he also said was nothing special. I definitely wouldn't go back for the food, definitely over priced. But their Mai tai and tropical rum cocktail were great!
4	Only been once for happy hour and sat at the bar but the experience was great and we will definitely be back. Bartenders were very nice and attentive happy hour deals on food and drinks are great and they have a lot of options prime rib sliders are amazing only thing that could use some work is their draft beer selection I feel like it was lacking in variety overall very good I can't say anything about the dinner menu though
2	We used to like it so much more than what it has become. It seems as though the corporate folks can't help but cut the menu down each and every time we come without paying any attention to what is popular versus what is a menu staple. It's a large part of why we don't come hardly at all anymore. Maybe it's time we just stop entirely? Elephant Bar was someplace we used to recommend highly. No more. Such a shame, too.Despite the menu having been pared down significantly, the quality of the food is just as good as ever. That's about the only thing that saves them in my book.
5	I came in tonight for the lettuce wraps and they were great----I inhaled them.  The bartender must have refilled my iced tea 6 times----very attentive.  Cool vibe.  Next time I'll try the shrimp/sausage jambalaya...
1	Don't go on a busy night,  unless you like to pay $25 for overdone steak, undercooked (raw, lumpy)mashed potatoes and an overcooked (microwaved) lobster tail that was about 3 inches in length.  Green beans looked good but were cold and stringy.  Husband ordered salmon (which was good) but rice was chewy and undercooked.  We both had margaritas, which were served in highball glasses and tasted like a shot of tequila over ice!  Service was slow.  Never again on New Years Eve at 6:30!
