5	It's hard to find a good honest fair mechanic and I finally found that in S & S. I bought a 2004 Jeep that was in need of repair. They did a great job at a fair price and stand behind their work. After there repairs I felt a slight pulsation when I braked. I took it in and Scott checked it out and said my rotors were a little warped. He turned them and balanced the tires. At no charge! This is great customer service.The Jeep runs great and I highly recommend them.
5	Always great customer service, free wifi while you wait.  very trusted mechanics and great prices.  I have taken my truck here for everything from oil change to fixing the air conditioner.  The auto dealership was double the cost.  It is so good to know a great mechanic!
5	Recently when attending an RV dealer "fair" we met the folks from S&S Tire.  We had a strange problem with our 5th wheel tires and the mgr. offered to come and inspect them so we wouldn't have to pull the trailer in.  He advised us on our situation and we scheduled our new tire purchase on the day we were leaving town.  We arrived at the Surprise facility and everyone there was very knowledgeable and very customer service oriented.  They answered every question we had and when they had the tires pulled off the rack they made sure we saw the shelf date and were ok with the tires about to go on our 5th wheel.  The job was done in a timely manner and very professionally.  I can not say enough good things about this company.
5	I am very happy with the service I have received in the past. I am going back today to get four more tires.
5	I had this S&S align my truck a few months back then bought tires from S&S Tire on Dysart since it was closer for me. Well with all the rain that washed crap into the street, I was lucky enough to get a flat on the left rear. Luckily it was right in front of Tailgaters Sports Bar in Glendale. So I called AAA and went inside for a beer and soon the AAA guy showed up, tossed on the spare and I took the tire over to S&S here on Bell, they got me in right away, fixed the flat put the tire back on and stowed the spare all NO CHARGE. Super nice people who do a great job, I wish every business was a good as these people. Thanks again for your help guys.
5	Outstanding customer serviceBrad is wonderful to deal with concerning our 2 carsHighly recommend
