4	Chipotle is one of my favorite places to eat thats fast and cheap.The menu is pretty straight-forward.  Tacos, burritos, bowls... pick your ingredients, move along.  Your meal will be assembled at light-speed so stay sharp!  If you really only want a LITTLE BIT of sour cream or salsa or whatever, say so LOUDLY and CLEARLY or else it will get slopped on there like everything else.It can get really crowded during weekday lunch, go at 11:00 or 1:00 to avoid the rush - or if you are going to pick up, fax your order in ahead of time.
4	The burritos are great, and very filling!  I manage to make it there once a week or so, the food is great, even if I become partially immobile for a short time after eating there.  I swear the rice expands once it hits the stomach!Make sure you come hungry.  If I am going for lunch I've been known to take the "Chipotle fast" and eat little to no breakfast so I can just finish my meal!
4	OK Chipotle is pretty much fast food and I have heard it's owned by McDonald's (EWW), but I'm in love with it! My favorite thing to get is a burrito bowl. I get lettuce, cheese, black and re-fried beans, spicy beef, sour cream, corn, and rice. Deliciouso! You can also get a burrito, tacos, salads, and they will make cheese crisp for your little ones or you if you ask. Also they make vegetarian options with guacamole instead of meat. The portions are huge for a great steal so you will never leave hungry. A great place for a filling lunch or dinner, and you can get it to go as well. This location gets pretty packed at dinner time, but it's worth eating on the patio once the hot day is cooling down.
4	This is probably the best fast food I have had in a long time!!!The food is super fresh and made fresh right in front of you.We ate the full menu: carnitas burrito, steak tacos, chicken taco bowl, all of which were awesome. I can't wait until they open one in my area, I will eat here frequently.
4	Same great food, fairly convenient location near Kierland Commons, on the east side of Scottsdale Rd.
2	"Upscale fast food"? Seriously? And these other reviews...am I the only person hating on Chipotle? Today I went to Chipotle for the first time - I actually thought it was a restaurant until now. 6.50 for a vegetarian burrito (which has no vegetables in it) is just ridiculous, and...and I don't even know. Chipotle Mexican Grill?! Seriously? I am dumbfounded that this place exists and that people eat here. I mean, there was nothing "wrong" with it, it is just the epitome of our generic fast food culturally void society.  wow. I seriously hate me some chipotle.
4	Not healthy or remotely good for you, but still... it's really yummy.  Nothing special in regards to a dining experience and they kind of treat you like cattle, but that's just their style.  They get food out to lots of people fast.  This is a good place for a quick lunch.They close early on Sunday- which is really annoying!
4	Best things about Chipotle:  its cheap (under 8 bucks), its fresh, fast, and has ridiculously awesome guac, and they're consistent. I'm not gunna lie - though not exactly "mexican" food, they have great food and one of my favorite burritos anywhere.  This location is one of the best I've been to, as the food is awesomely fresh and hot and the wait is small.  It also has a lot of seating, both inside and out, but the backs are wicked uncomfortable in the benches.  The rest of the "ambiance" is pretty normal and not exciting. The sizes are huge, from burrito to salads.  The chicken is moist and flavorful, the steak is good and not overcooked, and you have different options for beans (even though I dont eat them).  I love their white lime-cilantro rice, the sour creme is not bitter, they have a great pico, and I have a love of the cheese they have.  My favorite things here are the burritos and taco bowls - with LOTS of guac - with chips and guac on the side, topped with their yummy house lime-salt. Also, they serve Coke products here, a big plus to us diet coke fiends.  If you like big burritos and americanized mexican food, you've gotta do yourself the favor of checkin this place out.
4	So, I think I have been to most of the Chipotles in the state.  The one thing they all have is consistency.  It is always great to pop in real quick and grab a bite.  At high noon at most locations you can wait a little longer, but it still isn't bad.  Their chicken is good, with next to no chewy bits.  I have been on a Carnitas kick of late.  Always juicy and never dry.  It is a little more expensive then most fast food joints, but the quality is way better.  Love Chipotle!
3	I first off have to say I love Chipotle! Good food, pretty decent price, for the new age fast food market (fast food that isn't a burger). Their chicken is my fave and their guac and chips are the best in town I think. However, I for the first time today took what seemed to be the advantage of ordering online. My office all wanted lunch from there and the line can be pretty ridiculous at noon, so I figured I would pre order then just walk in pay and be on my happy way. Not so much. I will say that the ordering process is great, very easy and fast, took just a few minutes then hit send. But when I got there is when the annoyances started. Our food was not ready on time. I made a point to watch the person that walked in right after us and see how quickly they got out of the building, they won, we were still trying to pay for our order. It was seemingly very unorganized. The girl at the register kind of pointed us in a direction where someone would come out from the kitchen to give us our order, we were not allowed to pay or fill drinks while we were waiting, and it was to difficult to ask any questions that we were too frustrated to ask for extra salsa. On top of that while we were waiting the lady that was making our food came out in the middle of prep to talk to another customer about franchise opportunities and how much their building rent was. **Note to the jerk off that thought it would be a god idea to pull the manager out of the kitchen to discuss business at noon on a Monday: HELLO!? Are you serious? Time and place buddy, time and place. Call Corp for these silly questions. Arg! Anyway, the food is good, but they really need to get a better handle on their service. A bit of a cluster f*** if you know what I mean. I am a huge fan of ordering online and getting things fast, but I do not recommend using these opportunities at Chipotle.
4	Chipotle is a great place to get a fast, reasonably priced vegan meal. I always order the vegetarian bowl with rice, black beans (pinto beans are not vegan), grilled peppers and onions, pico de gallo and hot salsa, corn, guacamole, and lettuce. Yum. My husband gets the same in a burrito, and sometimes adds cheese. Good, fast, and filling. One reviewer here could do with fewer onions. I could do with less cilantro and perhaps brown rice instead of white, but other than that, no complaints.
5	I love this location! I really think all the employees there know me by name and by my card (as it's a Hello Kitty Visa), hey don't judge! Anywho, the manager/owner is always working and he isn't always behind the register, he's actually picking up and greeting everyone in the establishment, I love that! Crazy concept but interacting with your customers, brings them back. Aside from the service, their food is literally always fresh and to order. I've never had any overcooked food, or old/stale vegies. It's in a great location and just very convenient.Personally I always go for the burrito bowl, but they have lots of alternaties and especially for the vegietarians/vegans.
3	I created a monster when I brought my family to Chipotle for the first time many years ago. I am constantly taking one for "the team" when I am dragged here by my wife and one of my sons. I usually get the carnitas tacos with the salsa that has the little tomatoes, onions and cilantro. I even pony up an extra $1.80 for the guacamole. I just wish there was the option of adding tomatoes to your taco without the onions and cilantro. How can you eat a taco without tomatoes and guacamole?
3	Made the mistake of going here right at the stroke of 12PM... lines around the block. At first I thought they were giving away free stuff... but no such luck on my part.If you have ever eaten at a Chipotle before, this is going to be no great surprise when I tell you... Its the same as every other place!If you have never eaten here before...The burritos are HUGE! The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get. And the food was fresh and hot.I had a burrito bowl with 1/2 carnitas and 1/2 barbacoa beef. Yum.This location does have outdoor seating which was nice today. I also enjoy reading the cutsie messages they put on their cups.
4	Typically go on Saturdays. Always really busy. Wait time around 5 minutes. Great service and as always, great food!
4	If I had to pick one restaurant to eat at every day for the rest of my life, odds are very good that it might be Chipotle... they don't have a ton of options, but the food they serve up is fresh and top quality! I love that the chain goes out of their way to supply the freshest vegetables and as much naturally raised meat as  possible! The Steak Fajita Bowl is my go to dish, but you honestly can't go wrong here! This particular location is damn near spotless and staffed with some of the friendliest, accomodating folks you'll ever find in a fast food joint! The inside dining room is a lot smaller than other locations I've visited, making it hard to find a spot to sit if you're eating in during the busy lunch or dinner hours, however the patio offers ample room for overflow (when it's not 110 degrees out).
4	Alright, another chain restaurant. Chipotle is Chipotle no matter where you go. They win on consistency.What makes this one in particular stand out is the only thing that's different here: The people. Fast and friendly very aptly describes them. As far as speed, when business is slow, I'm pretty sure I've managed to be in and out of this place in less than a minute. It was kinda crazy. That was even including smiles and a couple jokes. Seriously, who can manage that?I'm definitely glad this is right by my work. It makes for a great quick lunch grab!
5	Always the best , can't beat chipotle
4	Love the gigantic steak burritos and the brown rice option! Minus one star for the not so friendly workers and having to pay for chips. Chips should be free!!!
5	Chipotle is my go to place when I feel like picking up a quick meal, and this happens to be my local one.Always busy, and you'll almost always see someone you know getting some delicious Chipotle as well.Portions are huge, but no complaining because it's all delicious!
1	Joey W wrote, Chipotle wins on consistency. That is so true. Consistently bad food, consistently poor service. I hate Chipotle. Its fitting that this chain was once owned by McDonalds, because Chipotle has done to Mexican food what McDonalds did to American food, destroyed it.To me, Chipotle represents everything wrong with America. If you really think about it, kids today are growing up and eating at places like Chipotle. This is their exposure to restaurants and customer service. If this is what they see as the norm, how do we expect to get anything better out of them when they enter the workforce. They can only emulate what they know, poor quality, a don't give a crap attitude, being rude, and insolent.Every Chipotle I have ever been to starts at that base level and goes down from there. Some are so bad its disgusting, like the one at Topanga Canyon in Woodland Hills, CA. This particular location in Scottsdale is not as bad as that one, but it is bad. I would like a veggie burrito, black beans and brown rice. No, not pinto, I said black. No fajita. Thanks. I said No fajita, stop, NO fajita! This was to go. I said To go, how many times do I have to tell you this - its to go! A typical conversation at Chipotle.The burrito was a street food in northern Mexico. I don't think it was ever meant to look like a baby's filled diaper, as Chipotle has perfected that look. Why do they need to stuff the f*&^in thing so full that it explodes when they roll it? How is this appealing to anyone to have a big messy drippy mess? Has anyone noticed that the only predominant flavor in the whole mess is onion? There is absolutely no flavor to anything else. You could not possibly ever just try to order a bean and cheese burrito at Chipotle. It is the most flavorless, creation. The beans have no flavor. The cheese is completely void of any flavor. The sour cream is just runny, it is just slightly thicker than pouring milk on your food.There is a small section of Colorado that should be completely wiped out. It has tormented this country with the likes of Chipotle, Einstein's Bagels, Smashburger, Qdoba, Noodles & Company, Boston market, and about five others. All of these chains are the same, they adopt one kind of cuisine, remove all the flavor and uniqueness the original item had and serve it up across the country, making everyone think this is what food is. It is absolutely disgusting and revolting. It is creating a bland, monolithic society that thinks all bagels should be soft with chocolate chips.
4	You can't go wrong with Chipotle. This location gets crazy busy at lunchtime! Steer clear at 12pm. I've been going closer to 1 to avoid the zoo.  Parking is limited but it's a nice location. Tip- order online and skip the line! Tip- try one of their margs
4	Enjoyable meal!  I mean this is a niche fast food joint and reliably provides what one expects. I prefer the burrito bowl, seems healthier. Give it a try.
4	Is a Chipotle, a Chipotle, a Chipotle?  Which translated means: yes, yes, and YES -- you are about to have a great meal!First, avoid this place between 11:30 am to 1:30 pm, unless you are into pain, or have a death wish.  Like Five Guys and Jimmy Johns next door, the parking lot can become very crowded and somewhat of a mess.  I tend to leave my car at the office and walk across Scottsdale Road playing Frogger with the cars.  A good suggestion to avoid some of this is to order online.  Most App Stores offer a downloadable "Chipotle Ordering" application which makes it easier.But after that, stop by and pickup a delicious Burrito, Taco or Bowl of goodness!   If you order anything, make sure you include the Guacamole and Chips.  You would have to go to Mexico to get anything fresher, or for that matter better.Enjoy!
4	The food is simply AWESOME. Love the free app to order in ahead of time, jump in front, pick up your stuff or eat in. I'd give a five star if it had free wifi and was a tad less cold in it's athmosphere. Something we notice with many fooleries is that the outside area is far from inviting or inspiring to stay very long. Add a few huge shrubs to create space and cool.
4	I love this Chipotle location. They are right across the street from where I work so I like to walk over in cooler weather. It is crazy busy at lunch time. Everyone else that works in the area seems to like this place too... Not to mention all the people shopping at Scottsdale Quarter across the street. If you can get in the door about 11:30, you should get through the line fairly quickly, but things ramp up considerably between 11:45 and Noon. I have seen the line go out the door occasionally. The parking lot gets pretty crazy too, so keep your eyes peeled when you're walking/driving.The food is consistently good. I have never had a bad burrito here. They slipped up once and threw a big glob of sour cream (which I didn't want) on my burrito, but kindly/rapidly made me a new one when I pointed out the error.I plan to continue to come here regularly and recommend it to others.
5	Ah Chipotle, you lure me in with your cilantro-lime rice and woo me with your guacamole. I'm such a fan of the burrito bowls but hate the burritos -- too much tortilla ruins the flavor for me. Great and fast service. Drink area is in a bit of an odd place and this location is PACKED at lunch -- avoid this area if you can between 12:00PM and 1:00PM Monday-Friday.
5	Whenever I have a craving for some fine Mexican burrito I turn to Chipotle!!! The ingredients are always fresh and oh so delicious!! The service is always friendly and mighty fast!! Your burrito or bowl is done right in front of your eyes!!! :) I will keep coming to this Kierland spot for more since they deserve the business and always give you everything with a warm smile!! Makes my tummy happy!!!
1	Cockroaches in the salsa and serving the food. Every time I've been here I wish I had gone else where.
5	Everything was delicious
4	Good quick place to grab lunch or to pick up dinner on the way home from work.  The kids menu items they've added make it easier to find something for everyone in the family.
5	great service here. Management cares!!
4	As an avid Chipotle-goer (and ex-employee) for 15 years, I'm pretty critical when I visit a new location.  My first visit to this location felt right.  It was fast, the people were energetic, the store was clean, the procedures were right on.  It's been consistent since that day, and helps to keep my Chipotle love alive!
4	Great southwest burritos and salads that are absolutely fresh and flavorful.  Best good food fast.
1	This had to have been the worst portion serving of chicken I have ever seen at a #chipotle.  It was consistently poor with other people they were serving too.  I estimate at about half the normal serving I usually get.  I just happened to go to this chipotle today since I had an appt in the area.  I'm never coming back to this one for lunch again.  I suggest going to one of the other many chipotles to get a better serving.
4	One of my favorite lunch spots.
1	The best rice and beans food ever.  The meat is there, you can see the 1 oz put on there, and you can almost taste it, but almost doesn't count.  The guacamole is priced at like 2-4 avocados, 400% or so markup, not bad.  Don't come here, because its good as junk food.  Carbs, and more carbs with a little fiber and maybe protein.
4	This is one of my favorite places for burritos. I love the chicken, pork, and steak but for some reason I usually order the chicken. It has a very unique taste. Of course the food is fresh. Plus at this place i have never had any problems wrapping my burrito. I've been to others that double wrap or they have to start over. Not too cool. Service is always fast and friendly. Only problem with this place is sometimes finding parking can be a little hard.
1	Hey Chipotle, where is the meat????Most inconsistent fast food place, these days I have to search for chicken or steak in my chicken/steak bowl. What's going on? Why is this place being so skimpy on the meat? No and I do not appreciate Chipotle trying to sneak an approve for antibiotic fed meat.  I do not want to pay $6.50 for a bowl of rice and beans. There maybe relation between Chipotle's stock price ($400+) and their quality. Higher the stock price, more wall street expectations of more profits and lower quality.
5	I am hard to please.  That said, I am always elated when I dine at Chipotle--any Chipotle.  And since I've been to this location a little more often than the others, I choose to review this location.  I am amazed at the quality of the meal--fresh ingredients, plenty of meat, clean interior--modernity at it's best.  The prices are ridiculous--six and change for a huge fresh-Mex burrito with steak or chicken or pork ... I just wanted to chime in on how much I appreciate 'em.
3	PROS: Most of the food items like the lettuce tasted fresh. They have a great variety and give you exactly what you ask for. the staff inside was fast and friendly, a long line was a short wait! They served margaritas, beer, and bottled water, just in case you're really thirsty :) and it was pretty cheap, too!CONS: I have been to many a Chipotle, and I was a bit disappointed; they didn't give that much meat at all. Plus, the chicken was colder than normal. They scooped me too much rice and mild salsa. Got chips and guacamole; the guacamole had way too much onion in it, or the pieces were way too big. OVERALL: This chipotle was average! I know you guys can do soo much better.
4	This location gets so jammed packed that its like chaos during the lunch rush.  I have always had great tacos here, especially the chicken is always hot.  Has anyone else noticed that their seating is quite uncomfortable?  I just can't sit for too long, but I think that is all part of their plan, they don't want their patrons to stay for too long. One thing I need to add is Chipotle does NOT use dairy products in their meats, rice, tacos shells/tortillas/chips or salsas.  It is a fabulous place to eat if you have a pesky food allergy.
5	So glad we can now eat grass fed and hormone free meats from humanely raised cows, pigs, and chickens. Yummm...http://www.chipotle.com/en-us/fwi/animals/animals.aspx
4	This Chipotle is down the street from my job. I don't come very often but the day that I did come it was packed as always. Like others have stated arking is very limited so I always park in the first space that I see regardless to how far away it is. I mean I am about to eat Chipotle so I can walk my butt to from wherever I parked to get some food. Also avoid this place between 11:30am and 1:30pm because again it is packed and they run out of things from time to time so you may have to wait a little. The last time this happened to me, I was treated to a free meal because I waited a little longer than I was told for the chicken finish cooking. Quite unexpected but very nice of them. All in all, it is Chipotle. It is quick, fresh, and delicious. Kinda hard not to like it!
3	I just felt when I was ordering that they were yelling at me on every ingredient. do not like to be yelled at order my food. this was not a busy time it was about 2 o'clock on a Thursday afternoon. Janet was my host and I was order number 339
4	Food was awesome ! Portions were a little small but other than that everything was wonderful!
5	Like I said before. Best chipotle in the valley! Great staff very friendly! Food is always amazing at this location! But since that is so would recommend trying to beat the lunch rush! It gets packed quick, but even still with a long line at lunch they move through it rather quickly!
5	super fast and friendly. took my 4 minutes to get through the line and pay for my food. the line was to the door even!!! I will always drive the extra mile to this location. never seen such a busy and popular chipotle location. recommended for anyone to go to this particular location!!
5	What's not to love about chipotle. It's fast, fresh, and delicious.I would eat here everyday if my wife would let me.When are we going to get the sofritos here!??
3	Food is great. BUT DON'T BOTHER ORDERING ON THEIR APP!!!!! We arrive 5 min after the pickup time & they had no clue we ordered online. Not much of an apology given, just an uuhhh we didn't see it & we end up waiting 20 min. there was hardly anyone in line either & when we finally got the food, we get it with a huff. Not polite and inefficient. Train your employees please & a little more courtesy would be fine.
4	Just had the biggest burrito ever in my entire life.  The foil paper couldn't even wrapped my whole meal.  Love it here because everything is so fresh and the service is so excellent and fast.  Totally beat the dinner service rush.
4	Sofritas, FTW!  One of my fav vegan meals from a fast chain. The sofritas are SO good.  I cannot get enough. The perfect blend of spices & flavor... Tofu never had it so good. Burrito, tacos, & bowl; brown rice, white rice... I love it all. Accompanied with their perfectly salted tortilla chips & the best guacamole in the galaxy, this is the business. This location is insane during the weekday lunch crowd. It's a smaller location so the waiting line is always out the door. During the summer, this is no bueno. Do yourself a favor and order online or via their mobile app, so you can skip the line, pick up your food, & go. If you're paying with a credit card, you can pay online too. Even better! My only real complaint is that this location sometimes overcooks its tortilla chips. They share a parking lot with other restaurants and stores, so that lunchtime madness spills over into the lot. Good times.
2	Multiple times have I asked for something and I don't get it (tortillas on the side), or i don't ask for something and I get charged for it!So sad, makes me not like Chipotle!! Hopefully you don't get stuck there at a busy time! You'll end up with someone else's meal!I work at Scottsdale Quarter right across the street. What I thought was convenient is a disappointment.
4	Arrived at noon on a Monday and there were about 40 guests eating and 6-7 in line. I was thru the line in 2 minutes. These guys know how to run a fast line!I ordered a barbacoa bowl. It was good, with all ingredients the proper temp but there just wasn't much protein in the dish. Closer to home, I get about 1&1/2 the amount of meat. Probably better for the Scottsdale socialites?
