4	This is one of the true sleepers of "neighborhood Pittsburgh." Since 1979, this "diner/family restaurant" has been serving excellent breakfasts and home-cooked dinners. The staff has been there as long.They have some of the best fresh-brewed iced tea in the city. They also have my favorite pancakes. If you're looking for a cheap, low key, dependable place to go, come home at 8 o'clock one evening, sit in the window, and especially around the holiday season, I assure you that it will be one of the best "old time" meals you'll ever have. I hate its name, but I love the Rusty Nail.
2	The home-cooked breakfasts at The Rusty Nail in Bellevue are wonderful, prices are reasonable, the wait staff are gems, and is often bragged about by Bellevue locals.  That said, two stars is all I can muster primarily due to the tiny, cramped dining area.  I've witness people at three tables being disrupted while they are eating so departing diners would have enough room to push their chair away from the table and pass by others just to leave.Don't get me wrong, I adore that Pittsburgh is a small, friendly city, but I'm not fond of getting elbowed in the back as the guy behind me cuts his breakfast steak and eggs, nor knowing his guest gargled with Cool Mint Listerine this morning (or worse, didn't) .  Yes, the tables are packed THAT close together.  And whatever you do, don't dare bring a large friend here to dine when it's busy unless you enjoy feeling like a complete 'jag off' for doing so on the way out.
4	I've been going here since I was a wee tot.  I have always enjoyed their food even though there's nothing too special about it.  I really like their breakfast menu.  You always seem to get lots of food for very little money, which is nice.  My only complaint is that it is WAY TOO SMALL and always very busy.  They should really look at expanding the restaurant.
3	The Sunday brunches serve great pancakes, and I always felt so fancy eating here as a kid.  Note that if you wait until the churches let out to get in line that there will be a long queue outside.  The rest of the menu ranges from decent to average, but the food is always cheap.  The tables are so close together it feels like you're crawling over your neighbors to be seated.  On nicer summer days and during any of the Bellevue events, they often serve fresh lemonade or iced tea outside.
2	I really wanted to like the Rusty Nail.  I love little local restaurants like this.  But it really is a very tight squeeze, to begin with.  They really need to pull some tables out of there to make more room.  We were right on top of another table with two very loud young children, and there was just no buffer.  And the food was.... just so bland!  I get that it was supposed to be homestyle cooking, but it just had no flavor.  To be fair, we did go for dinner, and I understand that this place is more of a breakfast joint, so I would be willing to try it again sometime for breakfast.  For dinner though, unless you like super-bland food, I probably wouldn't return for seconds.
2	Given that the Rusty Nail has been highly recommended to me as a good breakfast spot by various sources, I'm sad to say I was sorely disappointed. They have a wide selection of breakfast options.  However, even with numerous breakfast specials listed, not one included eggs, meat, potatoes AND toast.  Yes, that's right.  I had to order the eggs, bacon and toast special with a side of the potatoes.  When my food was served, the portions were average except for the side order of potatoes.  I did greatly enjoy the potatoes, though, which I ordered deep fried.  My dining companion ordered the French toast with ham and enjoyed it very much.  We were here on a weekday morning so we didn't have to worry about it being crowded.  The service was good.  And it's not that I thought anything was bad, it's just that, as the two star rating says, "Meh, I've experienced better."  Given the plethora of choices in Bellevue, this will not be my first stop should I find myself on Lincoln Avenue for breakfast again.
2	I always see this place, and Saturday we decided to stop in for lunch. The atmosphere was pleasant. My boyfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich, which he loved. I however, ordered the steak and cheese pita and was extremely disappointed. The pita was soft and fresh but the steak was terrible. It was very steak-um like and saturated with grease. When I picked up the sandwich grease poured from it. I'm not one to send back food, and that's my fault, but the waitress came by once as I was eating, over heard me upset about my food, looked at me then continued on her way. Needless to say I don't think I will be returning.
4	I ate here this past Sunday morning for breakfast with my girlfriend.  I have been by this place many times and was excited to finally make it inside.  We were lucky that we went fairly early as a line developed shortly after we were seated at our table.  The Rusty Nail is prepared for this in a pretty cool way though as they have a list outside of the restaurant that you can sign into as well as some coffee to partake of while you wait.For my entree I decided to go with one of the specials for the day which was the Rusty Nail omelet while my girlfriend decided on another special which was the a mushroom, spinach and feta junior omelet.  Her omelet is self explanatory while mine had in it some salami, cheese and three pieces of sliced pepperoni on top of it.  It was readily apparent that the pepperoni was not the cheap kind that you get on most pizzas as it had more flavoring and tasted much better.  Both omelets came with sides of home fries and toast for which we both ordered deli rye.  The junior omelet tasted good as the sourness of the feta played nicely with earthy mushrooms while the spinach made it feel like I was eating healthy.  My omelet was just as good if not better than the junior omelet as the cheese and meats combined to make it seem like I was almost eating a pizza.  Some of my hash browns were slightly overcooked and they had too many onions for my taste but we still decent enough to be a side to the main show.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  Everything that I tasted was good and I would not hesitate to take any of my friends here for a breakfast.
3	A great Pittsburgh diner with friendly service and good diner food. If there are any problems, the prices a bit high for diner food and, as others have said, it's extremely cramped. Otherwise, it's an enjoyable place to eat and the food is, indeed, very good.
4	I had one of the breakfast specials and it was fantastic. There was also a continuous flow of coffee, which is always nice. Probably just missed the church crowd so it wasn't too busy either. Definitely a good breakfast spot.
5	My wife, my daughter and I went here for breakfast. I got the breakfast special: $5 for French toast and eggs. Clean, great service, delicious food. You can't beat it for breakfast.
4	The first time we went here assuming by the name that it must be a dive bar. We were disappointed, but we were also hungry so we ordered dinner. It was just nothing special pretty typical greasy diner food. While there we couldn't help but notice all the articles and awards on the wall stating this was one of Pittsburgh's best breakfast spots. So, sometime later, on a hungover morning after a wedding some of my boyfriends friends were staying with me and wanted to get some breakfast and I thought let's check out that rusty nail again. What a great decision. I think we all got one of the specials and they were all delicious. Mine came with some kind of homemade hash brown patties that were amazing. The only downside is they only take cash (that's not uncommon around here) but they have an atm. Also there is often a wait on the weekends but for us it wasn't very long and they have free coffee outside for you while you wait. Well ok one more thing the actual restaurant is very small and kinda lop-sided but hey I'd rather have a cheap delicious breakfast in a shitty place than pay more for a nicer atmosphere.
3	I am very happy to be moving into a 'neighborhood' that has a line-up of decent mom-and-pop shops to find a reasonable meal when the cupboard is bare, or the energy banks are depleted for cooking. Bellevue does seem to have a small collection of decent eats at reasonable prices, and The Rusty Nail is one of that handful of good examples of neighborhood haunts.It's touted as a 'diner' in many of the reviews, but it really is a step above your average 'diner', and is more of a cozy neighborhood gathering spot for a decent burger, or entree. I've not made it there for the breakfast, but have always been satisfied by the dinners.Rusty Nail is hardly on the gourmet end of the scale. In fact, I would imagine the Sysco truck pulls up out back regularly with deliveries of food parts, from cans of sauces to frozen animal chunks. As long as those parts are assembled and doctored to make them seem a bit fresher than the typical conveyor-belt diner, all is fine. And indeed, all IS fine.So few of our local 'diners' are up to snuff when it comes to serving up decent 'diner' fare, that I can't call Rusty Nail a diner. It's a neighborhood family restaurant. Period.Burgers, meatloaf, pot roast, fish sammiches, salads, pastas...a varied but adequate menu. Fair and decent prices. Friendly and attentive service. A cozy enough atmosphere (although I have to say AGAIN in a review of a restaurant, if you've got multiple TVs in the space, for gods sake, can ONE of them NOT be showing SPORTS coverage??) and a pleasant crowd of patrons. During my last visit, there was a large family gathering at the next table. A nicely polished middle-class clan, ranging in age from gramps to granddaughter. At one point, dad received a phone call on his cell...and actually stepped OUTSIDE to have his conversation. As I was leaving I had to pat him on the back and thank him for being one of the few remaining decent guys with manners!Bottom line...Rusty Nail is comfortable. It's not a drive-out-of-you-way destination for dining. It is what it is. A great little neighborhood spot FOR the neighborhood. But do bring cash. The don't take credit cards. Believe it or not, they WILL actually take a check.
4	On our recent visit to Pittsburgh my family and I had breakfast at the Rusty Nail in Bellevue (dad's hometown).  The place is on the main street, Lincoln Ave (or up street as my family called it).They were quite busy on a Saturday morning but we only waited about 5-10 minutes for a table.  I enjoyed a sausage omelet with American cheese and my husband had a Denver omelet.  The omelets were well prepared and served with toast.  Potatoes were and extra $2.29, but a serving of potatoes was enough for two.  Breakfast for four adults was about $50 including tip.  All adults had coffee or tea and a full breakfast.The service was friendly and prompt on the day we were there and coffee refills were offered readily.  It is cramped quarters, but typical for neighborhood non-diner breakfast joints in urban areas.We had a great diner breakfast in homey surroundings.  We will definitely go back when visiting Pittsburgh.
3	Checked out the neighborhood restaurant for Sunday brunch. The portions were generous and the omelets were very good. We felt that much of the food (e.g., sides) and service were just average. For example, we typically had to ask for coffee to be refilled. It is a great place to go for a quick bite to eat on a Sunday morning, but I would not make a special trip to the restaurant.
5	Place has amazing omelettes that are almost as big as the size of the plate. You get a really big side of home fries too. This is probably my favorite place for breakfast in Pittsburgh. I generally go in and get a seat right away without waiting. Service is usually fast and friendly. Two downsides to the place. 1) they are cash only which can be an inconvenience. I never remember to have cash until I get my bill so I have to run to the ATM. 2) the seating is limited and the tables are very close to each other so people there can most likely hear your conversations. Place overall is excellent and is worth a try at least for breakfast. The lunches and dinner selections aren't bad either!!
4	The food at Joe's Rusty nail is GREAT. As the pictures will show, the servings/portions are plentiful. The service is quick, and the staff personable. I went there for breakfast AND everyone in our group left sated!! As always I had my kid carnivores in tow, and as is their custom they laid waste to EVERYTHING edible that was put before them. While they are a TAD (and I do mean tad)  bit pricey I believe that the food is more than worth it. The clientele (what I can only believe are Bellevue regulars) are polite and inviting. My breakfast was made well, tasted great, and dressed pretty as a picture. I will tell you this is not my first rusty nail rodeo and lord willing it will not be my last. As I say I vote with my feet and my USD, and the staff at rusty nail can sleep well tonight knowing that my hard earned cash, will continue to flow at Joe's and my feet will continue to bring me there hopefully more often than not!!
