2	Imagine a small amount of space in a basement area, which is also very dark, packed with people (some of whom are friends with your parents) and there's a man singing and playing a mix of classic and modern hits on the piano. If this scenario appeals to you, then head on down the stairs to the underworld of chords and chaos that is Fingers Piano Bar.I'll be straight about this from the beginning. When I go out, the key things I appreciate are a decent sized dance floor, it doesn't have to be massive, just decent, plus a range of hits being played that suit my musical tastes, although I'm not too fussy, anything that you can vaguely dance to is fine with me. Fingers does not meet these requirements enough to my liking, therefore, as much as crooning by the piano can be fun for a little while, I usually very quickly get restless dancing feet, and feel the need to creep away quietly and move on to somewhere else where I can get my dancing fix. It's not that I don't like the combination of singing plus piano, or piano bars in general, it's just that I'm not really keen on it in this setting. A nice classy piano plonked into a crazy nightclub setting just doesn't hit the right note with me (pun intended).
3	I used to come her practically every day of the week when I worked for the festival last august. As it was open till 5am during the fringe, it made for a great haunt! But to be honest, one of the only reasons we went was because of the late opening hours!Although it is a jazz piano bar, there isn't much jazzy about it. It's an old-looking place that could do with a make-over. The floor and tables are sticky and it's quite messy. Saying that, however, when there is a pianist there is an electric atmosphere. It's briliant fun and is one of the best places to be in the city!So, following this quite inconclusive and contradictory review, i'd say give it a go, it's a hit or a miss with fingers
2	Piano Bar just conjures up images of smokey, dark rooms where 1930's prohibition type characters ooze class and mischief while somebody playfully tinkles on a baby grand in the centre of a room. Classy.This piano bar, doesnt really cut that image though. Firstly, for a piano bar, there isnt always somebody on the piano - making it more of a crappy bar bar than anything. Even when there is somebody on the piano, they arent always great. The Piano Bar itself is (dare I say it?) a bit dirty and certainly very shabby, while the floors and serfices are sticky from perhaps years worth of over priced drink being spilt.Not what I had expected.
4	What the fuck is wrong with u people every time I visit Edinburgh this place is awesome - if this place was in London it would get the appreciation it deserves- it may be dirty it may not sparkle but it has more personality than all the branded bullshit u can imagine.Love it x
