5	I could've sworn that I wrote a review for Grouchy Johns but I guess not!  I think Grouchy Johns is a great Coffee shop!  They receive their coffee from a local coffee roaster and I love when small businesses are able to support each other.  The lobby has a great feel of homeyness when you walk into the place and it may be helpful to call it living room instead of a lobby!  The living room has comfy couches, chairs and tables for community to meet.   The last couple of times that I have gone inside the living room has been pretty full so thankfully I wasn't staying.  Games and books are available for your entertainment!  There is art from local artists on the walls that are available for purchase!  I also follow Grouchy John's on Facebook!  they often post specials or fun shenanigans going on at the store.  I love their coffee!  I do have to drive out of my way to get here so whenever I'm in the area, I stop by for a tasty beverage!  I also love the different options of beverages available.  They have come up with their own combinations of drinks which have proven to be quite tasty and something I would have never thought of that combination.  Grouchy John's also has a mobile truck that has been at a my work a few times!  I'm very thankful that my work invited them out so I didn't have to stop at another coffee shop on the way into work! I'll be back in the near future!
5	Grouchy John's Coffee was brought to our place of work for the employees on a beautiful fall morning. Their truck was cool and the guys brewing the coffee were polite, pleasant, and knowledgeable of their coffee. I like things simple; therefore, I ordered black coffee without cream. The brew for the day was delicious! If they select great daily brews, then I imagine their other products are excellent as well. I will definitely be ordering from Grouchy John's again. Thanks guys!
5	I tried grouchy john's at first Friday and it was freezing that night! That might have added to why I loved my drink so much but it was really amazing.I got Christmas in a cup it was a gingerbread white mocha latte.It changed my life.I literally raved about it to everyone it was PERFECT! The perfect sweet treat on a cold night. Not too sweet and just enough "coffee" flavor.Doesn't it just sound delicious? I tried to order the drink at Starbucks and it just wasn't the same. Since this is one of their signature drinks I just figure they spent time on finding the perfect gingerbread vs white mocha flavors.Also my friend got one of their monkey drinks. Banana with Nutella maybe? I don't remember but it was delicious also. It was made pretty fast, the girl taking the drink orders was nice enough, and the price was okay.
4	I love that they are now at Canyon Ridge church on weekends, they have a great grinds, the coffee is so good, get a jolt of energy.   woot woooooooo
4	The OG is delicious, salted caramel & vanilla is yummo! Is perfect pairing w Blueberry muffin...love that their food truck is now at Canyon Ridge Christian Church
5	I agree with Tracy P's review of Grouch Johns. a. The small business owner mentality is awesome.b. The coffee tastes great.c.  The location is near the mother in law, so perfect for all.d.  The prices are awesome.e.  Menu has all you would want just slightly different then normal, yet good!f.  Great staff.g.  If you check in on social media, they give you double punch on your frequent card.  Great place for coffee, home style, art on the wall for sale, books to read.  Nice.GK says, check this place out.
