5	Great service, clean cabs and the drivers actually were friendly and helpful. Will make sure to keep their Biz card and call them again.
4	I have driven twice now with Sun Devil Taxi. Both times has been with the Manager who has been courteous and friendly. I have enjoyed the fact that their taxis are comfortable and reasonably affordable.
5	Sun Devil Taxi is the best cab company in Tempe Arizona.  Best service, great vehicles, new black car service.  Clean, professional.  These guys go above and beyond.  I personally know the owner of the company.
1	I chose to call this service because of the outstanding Yelp ratings but I must say the dispatcher was short and rude on the phone.  I also needed a taxi (SUV) to accommodate a family of 6 to the airport with bags and they cannot offer a service beyond 5 people.
5	Got picked up for airport by the manager who was absolutely amazing.  First, there is  good free candy in the car!  Second, there are 7 GPS's in the vehicle!   2 of them are for the passengers to see where they are going and watch the route.  Great service and great quality!  Best cab experience I've had!
5	I used Sun Devil Taxi Service when vacationing in Arizona for a birthday celebration and was very delighted with my experience! Eric picked us up in a beautiful brand new SUV with awesome navigation and free candy! He was polite and timely. Thanks for a great experience and will definitely use you the next time i visit Arizona!
5	Great service. Arrive on time. Has free candy for passengers!! Friendly drivers and clean cars! Recommend for everyone !
4	Yelp's reviews help me pick this company. When I first called the dispatcher's attitude left a lot to be desired. But the service the day of our departure was excellent. Eric, the manager picked us up on time, rather he was early but not uncomfortably so. This was the best taxi experience I've had in years. Just work on the telephone customer service. That helps when choosing a company like this for the first time. I was thinking about cancelling and finding another based upon the phone experience but I'm glad I was too tired in doing so. Was very satisfied by the ride. The SUV is fitted nicely and is very comfortable. If you need it, reserve it.
1	Called for a cab and rates. Guy who answered was very rude. Won't bother with this place again.
1	Was told $63 for trip to airport. When we got to airport. Eric Heywood the manager who picked us up he charged 70$  I wasn't happy. He talks to much and is dishonest. Not a good deal. Very disappointed. Also is rude to clients while calling. Do not use this taxi company
5	seriously the nicest bunch of people I met in my time over there. And oh my god , they give you free candy each time!!! Love it.Check em out next time you're in the area, you won't regret it! :)
5	Great service and great quality!  Best cab experience I've had! , Sun Devil Taxi  clean cabs and the drivers actually were friendly and helpful. Their drivers always arrive early, which is definitely a good thing. Will make sure to keep their Biz card and call them again.
5	Excellent website and service! I was able to reserve a car online within minutes. The fares were extremely competitive compared to other services in the area. Sun Devil Taxi has airport service from the front door to the terminal gate , which was exactly what I needed. Their black car service is an attractive option too that includes free on-board 4G LTE WiFi along with other fun amenities. I recommend Sun Devil Taxi because it is incredibly convenient and professional from their website to their incredibly fast service.
5	This is a great taxi service with great service!  The website is fantastic!  The ability to reserve a car quickly is something that everyone can get a lot out of. If you get their black level car service you not only get fast service that picks you up at your door and drops you off at your location with the addition of Internet service in the car while you travel!  Need to get that last minute presentation fixed up before your flight?  NO PROBLEM!  If you need a ride from one place to another, Sun Devil Taxi is the way to go!
5	Service doesn't get any better than this!  Free candy, friendly driver, clean and comfortable cabs, more than fair rates, right on time; what more could you ask for?  Also, the website is really great.  I love that you can easily and quickly reserve your ride online.  Did I mention they have free wifi?  No?  Well they do!  They even give student and military discounts!  Overall, I've had a really great experience with this company and they will be my go-to whenever in the area.
5	I'm getting tired of driving everywhere and having a cost-effective taxi service I can rely on is becoming one of my favorite ways to go (this is in addition to services like Uber and Lyft!) The customer service is excellent and if you have read any of my reviews, this is an extremely important part of a company to me. This company was great to work with. The cabs were clean, on time, and reliable. Finding a company that is dependable and helpful is worth the money. I'm glad I found a place I can count on for when I'm in the area!
5	Clean car, great service. Cab driver very friendly and knowledgable! I will definitely use them again!
5	So my husband and I are always traveling but we never like to drive. We were in Scottsdale and we decided to get a taxi. I found them on yelp and decided to give them a try. Don't forget to check their websites for pricing estimate. Love that they offer:-Military discounts as long as you have an ID. -Candy-FriendlinessNot an ordinary taxi ride. You got to try them out once.
5	As a person who can not drive due to bad eyes I find myself using cabs a great deal to get things done.  I have tried many of the taxi services in the East Valley and some were okay but none of them as good as Sun Devil Taxi.  I am impressed with how professional this company is from the person who answers the phone to the drivers themselves. The drivers are very professional looking and most importantly on time.  You can tell they really care about the quality of service they offer customers.  The rates are better and the cars are always clean.I also like their luxury car service as every woman likes to treat herself here and there
5	When my family and I went to visit some relatives over the holidays, we decided to use Sun Devil Taxi's services to get around when they were busy going out and about. From the experience I will admit that the quality of service we received was especially amazing due to the quality of the drivers and the friendliness they offer was great. I especially enjoy how it was during the holiday season where it gets even more hectic in traffic, but they still keep their cool to offer the great service they do offer.
5	I travel a lot for work and use taxis all the time.  I must say that Sun Devil Taxi was one of the best taxi experiences I have had!  The driver was a few minutes early, looked very professional and was so friendly.  The car was super clean and had wifi so I could do some work on the ride!  Thank you for a such a great service and great rates!  I will definitely use Sun Devil Taxi again!
1	I never wrote a review on Yelp before and yet I had to write one for this company - that's how rude the person on the phone was with me. I made a reservation online for a cab ride two days and got a confirmation email. I called this morning to confirm the reservation since this is an important international flight and I want to make sure the reservation is confirmed and the taxi will be here on time. The guy who answered the phone is the most rude person I ever talked to in customer service. He answers the phone in a very agitated voice and cuts me short saying "Yes it's confirmed". I say OK I just want to make sure it is and he cuts me again yelling "That's what I said!" ?? I swear I was shocked to hear that! I say OK OK and then he hangs up on me!!!!Funny thing is on their website they say:"Our Pledge To You.At Sun Devil Taxi we will always:1.) answer the phone with a smile"Yeah right. This happened on Saturday 12/20/2014 around 9:40 AM and whoever was in charge of answering the phone at that time should be fired. I will never use this company again.Update: boy this gets better. The owner of the company himself reads my review and calls me and he is 10 times ruder than the dispatcher. Now I know where the dispatcher got his customer service skills from. He tells me he doesn't want me as a customer and cancels my reservation. Now I know why more and more people use Uber - good luck staying in business.
4	easily one of the nicest experience in a cab I've ever had.  Friendly driver, super vehicle and no hassle with payment. definitely recommending to my phoenix friends.  the price was quite affordable too. Will be calling again.
2	Wow, guy answering calls over phone was about as apathetic as possible for his job and borderline rude (very dismissive and sarcastic at best). Was considering taking them but had a sudden change of heart.. Only reason I don't rate this experience a 1 star is because the rate I was quoted was actually very reasonable. But just can't bring myself to help support even a fraction of this guy's paycheck. We'll see how uber goes for me.Update in response to comment:Look-- Firstly, I gave a fair assessment of your company (based on my own personal experience, as limited as it may have been) and I clearly stated a positive aspect of the experience. So I wasn't just ranting and giving a wildly vicious report of my experience. Your rating on yelp is the sole reason why I called you first. Secondly, providing prompt, friendly service is really not that difficult even when you have rushes, its quite easy to be polite and leaves a positive impression almost always. I will assume that you were the guy I talked to over the phone for the remainder of this. I work somewhere that deals with drunk, rude, oftentimes outright mean people but I don't treat customers (or potentials) before or after those people differently based on the isolated experiences I encounter with those that cause me frustration and occasional anger. So I completely understand the feeling of having to deal with jerks, but its not cool to act like a-hole to someone who IS acting respectfully toward you because other callers may not be.What's annoying to me and really merits a reply to your message is that you are defending and making excuses for the rudeness rather than just apologize for the instance and strive to provide a friendly service that would/could turn someone like myself from a non-customer into a customer. While its nice to have a well established clientele, it would probably be nicer to have a model that considers gaining future customers as well. You basically saying its ok for yourself or your employees to treat non-customers rudely because they haven't done business with you in the past is faulty logic. I doubt you really care to sit here and read what some non-customer thinks so I won't take up anymore time, but I thought I would at least give you my 2 cents, as its the only thing I would give your company at this point.
5	Recently, I had to visit Tempe and needed a clean, comfortable ride to and from Sky Harbor airport. I've been in taxis in other cities where the vehicle was dirty (Salt Lake City, for one) and the music on the radio wasn't even from our hemisphere! Plus, being seven feet tall, leg room was more the issue than the rate. Still, the black executive car that picked me up and dropped me off provided lots of extra leg room and comfort. I will be returning to the Phoenix area again soon and plan on calling Sun Devil Taxi each time. In fact, I put their number in my phone.  Happy New Year guys!
