3	This bar is pretty interesting! The bartenders dance on the bar every so often, which is pretty funny to watch. The bartenders are very cool to talk to and they make some very good strong drinks. This is a pretty good place to go for a drink or two but not much more than that.
4	Ended up going twice while I was in town. Good drinks, good service, and cool atmosphere. I will definitely go back next time I am in town next time. Plus I liked when the bartenders were dancing on the bar! :o)
4	Great service and strong drinks! Visually appealing and just a fun place to hang out. It wasn't super crowded but had a great upbeat feel.
4	This place just has a really cool vibe.  It can get crowded, and when it does, it seems to be even more fun.  The hot bartenders getting up and dancing on the bar are a favorite part of it for my wife and I.  The drinks are reasonable for Vegas. When busy service can be a bit slow, but we just can't not spend a little time here whenever we're at the MGM, which is pretty frequently.
3	Ah, a bar in the MGM that I care about called something other than Zuri. What a rare treat! Centrifuge was actually very nice. Our waitress/bartender was very friendly and we never felt like we couldn't flag someone down if we were thirsty. They even offered cigars on the menu! Bonnie had just won a bit at slots so she was sweet enough to treat me to an Arturo Fuente Opus X - the best! But - paper matches to light it? Really? That was a letdown. We shared a great bottle of wine and got to enjoy a handful of the twice-hourly dance parties that the bartenders groove to on top of the bar. It's a quirky little twist; it falls somewhere between attention-getting and just plain weird. They had a cool spinning sculpture above the center circular bar that was nice to look at. Great lighting in here, and they do a fantastic job of isolating you from a buzzing casino floor that is literally just a few feet away.
4	This is one of my favorite bars in Vegas.  First of all, it feels like a haven from the busy casino which is right outside of the circular bar.  The lighting is dim, the bartenders friendly, and the drinks are strong.  The circular shape of the bar also encourages conversation and socializing between others.There is a bi-hourly dance session on the bar by the bartenders & waitresses which is pretty cheesy, but it keeps the spirit lively and interactive, which is a good bar feel.
4	Small... but I like it a lot!Centrifuge sits on the casino floor right across from the entrance to Studio 54.  Pretty good location and at least for the duration I was there (weekday), the crowd was a mixed crowd with young and old.  They have nice booths and tables you can sit at and if you can get a table or a booth, it's a great place to people watch, either at the people in the bar or people out at the casino floors.  Vegas never fails to produce some interesting people haha.Bartenders here are great.  Talkative, nice, and make fairly strong drinks.  Prices are average for Vegas, which is nothing to be surprised about.  They have about 5 beers on tap with a nice selection for the bottles.  One bartender even gave us a beer each on the house even though we've only been sitting there chilling with our beer.  Needless to say we gave him a nice tip in the end.  One fun thing is that when certain songs are played, all the bartenders and wait staff will get up on the bar table and dance.  Even though they aren't that great, it's entertaining nonetheless!This place is pretty ideal on a weekday to chill after work, and I'm sure on the weekends it can be much more packed.
4	This was one of my favorite places in Vegas. The bartenders were nice and know how to make strong drinks. I'll never be able to find a better Coconut Mojito than I've had here. Every half hour they dance on the bar which is fun and the music is good too. Very chill and a great atmoshpere to spend a couple of hours at.
4	It is, like all tourist attraction bars in this fabulous city, WAAAAY overpriced! But if you like to shop for your next boob job, this is the place to be since most of the lady bartenders have undergone this procedure. I actually chose mine base on one of the ladies :)
3	3.5 stars.Every 30 minutes or so, a bass-thumpin', beat-heavy, pop-aliscious tune starts to play in dark and drapey Centrifuge, and you know it's time.  Time for the bar tenders to bust a move.The bar maids and lads have a choreographed routine they dance.  On the bar top.  Like Coyote Ugly, only with gay guys -- and they're way more into it than the ladies.  Always the same song, always the same routine, but the sheer amusement never wears off.  It's funny -- ha ha funny -- every. time.  For entertainment value, you can't beat Centrifuge.Yeah, it's hella expensive.  It's a casino bar.  But bottle service starts at $180, which comes with any and all mixers you want.  It also means you get a private booth.  With 14 of us, this was actually the most economical way we got our drink on in Sin City.
3	Decent bar. It is hopping the later the night goes- as with everything in Vegas. the Bartenders would stop every hour, to dance on top of the circle/ round bar, to the latest dance song, so the atmosphere is lively. Drinks are good, more stiff than most bars or those free cocktails you get. Prices are reasonable. A nice grey goose soda is $9.75, which they comped since i played a little computer poker (just put in $1, and play slowly...)
3	Nothing special, decent seating, standard overpriced strip casino bar...
4	Good drinks here, don't come cheap. Try $15 for a Long Island Iced Tea. I like that this place has a dim lit, lounge type area to hang out it with your friends, random dancing on the bar by the waiters and a feel good vibe. Overall a good hangout spot if you don't mind the pricey drinks!
4	Great atmosphere.  I actually had a kobe beef hamburger here that was really good.  I was here for a business function so I tried many different kinds of food.  Everything I had was great.  The wait staff was so friendly and my glass was never empty.  Fun place.
5	My favorite LV bar. EVER. Maybe it's just because I'm cheesy and love the dancing on the bar. Or maybe it's because how awesome the bartenders are. I don't go to Vegas often but when I go here, I'm always remembered. Their staff rarely changes. Some of the best bartenders I've ever met. They can make good drinks and entertain for hours.
1	We went into this bar in hopes of watching the NBA playoffs, given they had numerous televisions and few customers. However, all were tuned to the same, early-season baseball game.  We asked them if they could change one of the TVs to the basketball game and received a lackluster response.  After about ten minutes and asking another employee the TV was switched to the game we wanted.  Then we attempted to order drinks at the bar.  After passing us a couple of times the bar tender took my friend's order.  After another five minutes of passing us he filled her order then left before I could place my order.  I waited another five minutes during which the bar tender rushed passed me many more times, again, this was in no way a full bar and seemed to be pretty heavily staffed.  At the end of this five minutes the entire staff of the bar proceeded to dance on the bar and fill/take no drink orders.  I waited out this interruption only to be passed by the bar tender several more times.  At this point I returned to the table where my friends were sitting to complain about the service, yes, loudly, sorry, the situation was a total bummer.  The bar tender heard me and irritatedly offered to take my drink order, at which point I complained, dropping an f-bomb and then was told off by the bar tender.  Booo.
4	A surprisingly solid bar nestled in MGM! Hubs and I stopped here for about an hour before we popped over to dinner at Nobhill. The circular bar is pretty dark with a myriad of TVs above and a nice mix of booths and seats. The cocktail list is nice and inventive, with martini/mojito/margarita prices in the $12-$15 range. I went with the coconut mojito and, honestly, I'm going to have to find a way to recreate it at home. The flavors were delish - nice, light and flavorful! I just wish the bartender would have taken the time to actually muddle the mint...had to do that myself with my straw! The drink waitresses came around often enough and there was a nice mix of music to apease just about everyone. I heard everything from Kanye to Adele to Train. Centrifuge is a more than adequate stop for a drink or two while you're walking through MGM!
5	Hehe I loved this bar! It had the BEST "Love Appletini"'s everrrr! they were so good I bought 9 of them. lmfao
4	Appropriately and perfectly named as the space is circular with the spheroid bar centered in it. The bar is then surrounded with the bar stools accentuating the circinate theme. Then, the lounge table and seats are situated on the inner circumference of the venue. The only factor that could out the disk-esque them would be for the bar to actually spin! That would empasize the layout in 'centrifugal' terms.The thing I don't like about round bars is that is is difficult for bartender to see all the customers behind them if they are facing the outside of the circle. If the bartender is facing the shelves of booze  which are in the center of the bar, it blocks his/her view of guests on the other side. I wish I could draw this out to explain but you'll just have to use your imagination. So when we first got there we sat down for a bit  but then I realized that we couldn't see the bartender and he couldn't see us. So I had to go find him. Phew.I wish I could remember his name as he was very polite, professional, and knowledgeable about the beers. I didn't expect that as Centrifuge is chill yet clubby - flatscreens with sports on but in a low lit and high-ceiling environment with ambient music playing. If the manager is reading this, our bartender was young and African-American. Give him props!Centrifuge surprisingly has bottle service. But it's at a much lower cost than at the clubs. So for those of you who are on a budget or just don't like clubs, for whatever reason, this is decent option.
5	When I was wandering around I discovered a couple of gems:  1.  they have real lions at the MGM and it's free to see them.  2.  there is a very nice looking round bar there too.   We just wanted a mellow drink or 2 and heck, we were in Vegas.  It was not our big night out so just 1 or 2 and off to bed.  When we went at about 10, I saw ladies dancing on the bar and was drawn immediately in.  Then to my utter surprise, the song ended and they started pouring drinks.  Our bartenders had to dance every 1/2 hour.  So we sat down in front of a male bartender and ordered some dirty martinis and asked if he had to dance too.  Yes.  pfft.  I didn't want to leave.  Really.  And if I can remember, Kyle was his name and he was an AWEsome dancer.  I love my boyfriend but I was getting a little crush on our fancy footed barman. And their drinks were great and the prices were not that bad.  I really wanted to go back and see Kyle(?) again but no time.  I hope he still works there my next trip because I am definitely going back.  Oh, you have to hold your drink while they dance but who minds that?
4	As we were staying in the MGM Grand, my wife and I stumbled upon this bar while waiting to kill some time. It's located right inside the Las Vegas Blvd entrance, next to Studio 54. It was dimly lit and the outfits the waitresses had on where the sexiest ones we saw on any of the staff at MGM. The drinks were expensive, but what do you expect of a bar inside the MGM Grand? The waitress we had was fantastic. When we entered we grabbed the last table/seats available in the bar. She came around on a regular basis to check on us to make sure we were okay and we never went long with out a drink.  The service was some of the best we received in Vegas. My wife got a kick out of them dancing on the bar. I can't remember what song they danced to, but they were entertaining.  It's not a place I would want to spend a lot of time as it is small and expensive, but for a drink or two, I wouldn't mind coming back.
4	Centrifuge is one of the bars we frequent when going to Vegas. Sit where you like, order a drink and relax, musics playing, every half hour the bartenders dance on top of the bar. Great place to rest your feet and have a great drink.
4	Very cool bar! I really liked the decor, and OMG the music! The playlist was put together by the bar staff, and boy do they have a GREAT taste in music. They have over 7 different dance routines that they perform on every 30 minute basis. The staff was very friendly, and they were great dancers. This place is super cool.
3	3.5 stars.After the max exodus from MGM's Garden Arena seeing Sade in concert, we somehow gravitated here.  It wasn't very crowded so we cozied up to the bar and kick started our night.  The bar's ambiance is circular as if you're on some flight deck of the Starship Enterprise (well, I guess what a Trekkie would say it was like).  There were actually half circle lounge seating along the perimeter of the place that seemed cool and comfy chill areas, but they were all taken by the time we realized they weren't VIP.  The music vibe was energetic and the bartenders punctuated this when they got onto the bar top and strutted their choreographed dance routines.  My girl cousin, just after a single drink, made attempts to join them.  However, we skirted this disaster and settled her into her seat.  Only to find out that she was downing glasses of wine all throughout the concert.  Figures as we nearly had a PDE (Public Display of Embarrassment).  Well hell, isn't that what everyone eventually aspires to do in Vegas?A nice bar if you happen to be in the area, after a concert or need a place to launch you into a night of craziness.#Yelp 365:  052/365
3	I agree with the below review.  Good for pre-game drinks before going out and truley partying.  The bartenders dance on the bar every so often, so if you see a hot server, get in there, order a drink, and pay attention!
5	Love this lounge.  They play a mix of hip hop, techno type music and just overall fun music.  Best of all, every 30 min. The bartenders get on the bar and do a choreographed dance routine.  They are very good dancers.  Sooo fun... I will go back for sure.
3	2.5 stars- Decent drinks, not too expensive for the location. Nice atmosphere but no bar snacks (what is it with Las Vegas and the lack of bar snacks?!). If you're feeling peckish you can always go over to the gift shop down the hall for some nuts and snack away. That's what we did.
4	Very nice lounge in MGM Grand.  This is where we did most of our pre and post concert celebrating.  The 311 concert was legit and the Centrifuge kept things rocking all day and night.  Loved the ambiance and the mix of musics and people.
4	I had a fun time at this bar located in the MGM playing video blackjack and drinking vodka tonics.   The bartenders are really nice here and I didn't have to pay anything for my vodka tonics because I was gambling.    Every 20 minutes or so the bartenders would stop what they were doing and dance on the bar to music.  They danced to Micheal Jackson while I was there.   This bar plays really good music (hip hop and top 40).   I ordered a glass of wine toward the end of the night and payed 10 bucks for it but the bartender poured it all the way to the top of the glass which was unexpected but awesome.   My only complaint was the guy sitting a few seats over puffing on a cigar in my direction.  Made me sick to my stomach to smell that.  I wish that they wouldn't allow cigars in the casinos.
4	Cool bar with relaxed feeling, a bit pricey though. The bartenders dances on the bar about every 20 minutes.
2	Ok place to hang out for a quick drink but if you actually want to get comped drinks for playing video blackjack/poker, forget it after one. We played for quite a while but even with putting more $20's into the machine (I was losing, boo!), the waitresses seemed to make a point of ignoring us. So no, not really a favorite place to hang in Vegas.
4	Centrifuge is still a fun place to go to kill a little time listening to Pop/Rap/Hip Hop music, play a little video poker and drink.   I paid for my first drink before I started playing video poker and gave my bartender a nice tip.  After that all the drinks were on the house (Tanqueray gin not the house gin) which was very nice.   Had a great time people watching and watching the bartenders dance on the bar every 30 minutes.   Will be back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	NIce bar with chill vibe.  Nothing too special with drinks or anything like that but just a good place to sit back and watch the game or chat it up with some friends.
4	In my search for my *bestie bartender in the world* ~ I walk into the MGM Grand only to find that my teeny tiny little bar that housed my favorite bartender was CLOSED! What?!?!? Ok, now what do we do? ... oh lookie ... another bar!MAJOR points to the bartender here, as soon as we ordered drinks, I frantically asked, "Where's Lisa from the City Bar that used to be upstairs?" He cracks a big smile and gave us the directions to the new bar where she is located inside the MGM.Me and the girls kicked it for a while, enjoying the ambiance, house music in the background, sipping our lemon drops.Now we were all warmed up for Jello Shots with Lisa ... off to 32 Degrees!
4	Oh Man! This is such a fun bar! You gotta go here! I'm serious!It's not your typical club or anything, it's definitely just a bar, but the bartenders make it so fun! They get up on the bar and dance and it's so fun!Great music, great drinks. Go for it!
4	One of my favorite lounges in Vegas.... And it's not even a big time or main stream lounge to begin with. Located in the heart of the MGM Grand is Centrifuge.  A circular lounge comprised of a round bar and booths/lounge seating around the perimeter.  The bar itself is artistic which has LED lighting, bottles wrapped around the backing, TV's surrounding the top and an artistic moving object above the entire lounge (hard to describe).So why is this my favorite?  Well, it's because of the bar staff.  I've been coming to this lounge for the past 4 years and each time I've gone, Lora has been my server.  She's cute, super nice and loves to be social.  She makes all the difference for me.  She also allows my group to sit at the VIP booths which are reserved for bottle service.  The go-go dancing is also nice too which seems to happen every half hour...  =)
4	Despite newly begun renovations to the MGM Grand, the Centrifuge is still open and a cool place to sit and have a cocktail while waiting for a show or looking to relax. We arrived a little early before our Cirque show and hung out here for cocktails. The apply named circular bar has central seating around the bar, and lounge type seating around the perimeter. TVs along the bar allowed us to watched live footage from the IHEART Radio concert last weekend, although the picture kept pixelating as if slowly streaming through.........They have a pretty good menu of mixed cocktails and the mood was low key and kind of dark (lighting wise) on this particular Saturday night. Good service.
5	Centrifuge is located inside the MGM.  Bf and I stopped here for a drink.  There was a female bartender who waited on us.  She was hospitable and prompt.At 10 p.m., the bartenders got on top of the tables and started dancing.  It was a lot of fun.
4	This was a super cool place.
3	Went to Centrifuge on a Sunday night. The ambiance is great Drinks were good the bartenders get up and dance every so often. The place was kinda empty, but i am sure it is more fun on weekends.
4	Hung out with friends and we got great bottle service, the manager gave us a good deal on a couple bottles.   Music was just OK, but the service was great.
4	Great place to unwind, listen to cool music - and get the d'lo on whats going on from the bartenders - if you play video poker they will comp your drinks, and I had WAYYYY too many sugar-free Red Bulls while there.Apparently the new club Hakkasan is putting the pressure on, made them quit dancing and tone down the music.  God forbid people see they can have fun without paying $200 just to get in the door of Hakkasan.I hope Centrifuge survives, would like to come back again.
3	Located right in front of Hakkasan in the MGM Grand, this is the perfect place to meet up with people for a pre-party drink.  That's exactly what we did before going into Hakkasan.  There was a large group of us and we needed a centralized place to get organized so that we could get into the nightclub easily instead of everyone getting in at one time.  We arrived early and had a few cocktails before the rest of the group showed up.  Once everyone arrived, we went in to Hakkasan.  Drink prices are a little higher here than the other bars at the MGM....probably because of the location.Return Factor - 70%
3	Pretty nice bar area -- its quiet enough to just chill. Seemed like the older crowd likes this bar better though so if you're in your 20's, you will feel out of place :P
4	Was here with my buddy Sat/13 Jul about 9:30 pm.- Nice new bar, standard Strip strip cocktail prices, easy to find seats, good service from the waitress- Best part was the people watching since we had a good view of the ladies in line to get in to Hakkasan (which opens at 9 pm on Sat/13 Jul but I think the line was already forming before then because Tiesto was playing that night)
5	Bartender Jordon was awesome!  Good drinks served in a timely manner...best place to come for a quiet drink . Kinda off beat from the casino floor without the slot machine noise. If your at MGM definitely stop here and ask for Jordon!
4	Cool lounge *very sleek and modern), but crazy expensive drinks.  Great place to pre-game it before Hakkasan.
3	Great location in the hotel! Its a nice place to just sit and wait and people watch. Bartender was quick!
4	We were able to grab some seats at the bar, play video poker, score some discounted drinks all while watching the live feed of the iHeart radio concert happening 100 yards away.  Standing ovations while watching a concert on tv was pretty cool.
2	So my girlfriends and I wandered back to MGM and sat in Centrifuge, which was okay. It's expensive for an inner casino bar - trying to be cool and classy and hip. I ordered something fruity, argued with Mr. Harris about past transgressions. I'm not a fan of an actual bar within a casino - I prefer just the bar itself snaked against the wall, or drinking and gambling at the tables. Have something separate, with walls, and I'll be happier. Centrifuge had an attitude that I can't really put my finger on it - maybe it was the bartender wanting to go home, or having a judgment on us because we were drinking still. But...isn't that the point...? Don't you want us to drink...more?
3	This place is alright...drinks are about $10 a piece and you can sit there playing video poker. Service is decent.
4	Spent a few hours here playing video poker watching football. Its an easy going environment. Nice service...basic drinks are free if you playing video poker there.. will return.
4	Cool place to hang out at..or to people watch. right outside hakkasan.
4	Located inside MGM Grand and right next to the entry of Hakasan nightclub, it's a nice bar with lounge seating.  Seems like a lot of casinos have this design like a donut, which is a pretty good idea.  Entry ways like the north, east, south, west pole.  We grabbed a complimentary drink off of MyVegas points.  We asked our bartender what we could order with the voucher, and he said well, nothing like Louis the XIV (darn it!)but he could pour a relative top shelf cocktail.  So we had our drinks and got to do some people watching, which was a nice way to kill about an hour and joke about the crazy people in line for Hakasan.  The drinks were steady pours, and our bartender chatted us up as much as he could since he was quite busy.
4	Tucked away next to Hakkasan, so it doesn't feel deserted like your normal casino bar. Expensive drinks, but nothing unexpected. Solid spot for people watching if clubbing isn't your scene, and the bartenders were really friendly and willing to give drink recommendations.
2	I don't usually give one star, and I won't because the music is good. Seriously $19.50 for 2 beers while we are gambling at your bar? Come On guys, clearly we will head out to another casino as soon as these beers are done. Don't recommend if you want to spend an evening chilling at the bar, but hey if you want to give your money away, come on over!
3	An okay bar located right next to the Hakkasan.  Came here while waiting for the rest of my group.  The drinks seem pricey, didn't try any of the signature cocktails.  The vibe is pretty mellow and the music isn't too loud.  My main complaint though is I felt rushed by the waitress.  This included ordering, paying the bill, and getting out.  Aside from that it was a nice place to relax momentarily, but could have been a more pleasant experience.
3	The wife and I came here with some friends to grab a drink.  Service was good and drinks were about average.  It is a cool place to hangout if you are in the MGM.
4	Good music, and great spot to grab a drink during the day or at night. Located next to Hakkasan, you feel the vibe of the people and of the environment.
