5	Same Day Service! Donny from Swimming Pool Butler saved my swamp of a pool after that crazy dust storm. He was very friendly, located close to my house and fast. My pump wasn't working. I had done the backwash a couple times and cleaned the filter and nothing. By the time I had Donny come over the pool was a green muddy mess. BTW I am a renter and know that the pool equipment is old, but was not looking to spend a fortune to fix it. $80 later and I have a clean, swim-able pool again:) Oh almost forgot. He will answer your questions via phone. He is very personable and friendly.
5	I had just finished vacuuming the pool and started to backwash after cleaning the filter basket.  When I tried to start the pool motor, the pump would not prime.  This had never been a problem in the 10 years I had owned this house nor in the 20 previous years at my other house.  All efforts to get the pump to prime failed, and finally I called Swimming Pool Butler.  As it happened, Ryan was close by and able to  come to my house within a couple of hours of my call and diagnosed the problem.  As it turned out, the fix was simple and everything was working in only a few minutes.  And yet, I had never had this problem in 30 years experience with pools.  It helps to have a professional available and I can recommend Ryan at Swimming Pool Butler.  A professional organization that I will contact in the future for my pool problems.
5	Had to have our DE filter cleaned and inspected. Johnny came out and performed the service. He was on time and knowledgeable. Will definitely use again.
5	We have been using Swimming Pool Butler for our weekly pool maintenance for the past 2 months. This is the first time we have ever had a clean pool! I highly recommend them. They send a notification email after every service visit and use automatic billing, which is very convenient.
5	I have not done any business with Pool Butler YET but so far my experience with them has been great. Donnie has been awesome with his attention via email and super reasonable quote.  He was really fast with email communication, honest in recommending less expensive repairs and even suggesting that we did not NEED to do work we thought we had to.  I'm very impressed with his honesty and integrity.
5	I had a malfunctioning pump on a waterfall in my backyard. Donnie came by and checked it out. He gave me some (free) advice on how I might be able to fix it myself. When we determined the pump was actually broken, Donnie came back and replaced it. The service and price were both excellent.
5	Swimming Pool Butler is the best pool maintenance service I've ever had! The customer service is the best part about this company. You can tell a lot about a business from how they handle a problem; either they get defensive or they treat it as a opportunity to improve. Swimming pool butler is definitely the latter in those two options! I've used them for over 2 years and I've had very little issues. And if there was a problem it was handled with so much care and respect I never had to think about it twice. Highly highly recommend!
5	Swimming Pool Butler is by far the best company to use for all pool services!  Everyone I have dealt with at the company has been great and easy to work with.  I've been using them for a year and they do an excellent job of cleaning my pool as well as repairs.  I would recommend them to anyone I know!
1	Total fraud. Went looking for a reputable pool company and did some fact checking from info supplied on Swimming Pool Butler website. Affiliations are fake. They are not a member of APSP nor a Certified CPO. Also not a member of Gilbert Chamber of Commerce. Also boast some Best of Mesa 2013 award which is a completely made up award. It doesn't exist, execpt in  the mind of this scammer.  Unscrupulous fraud.  Do your own research for a reputable company before being conned by these guys.
1	DO NOT USE... THERE EMPLOYEES ARE VERY LAZY AND LIE, to get out of the work....Our pool Justin is lazy, never vacuums or sweeps, all the company does is make excuses, saying "well he sent a picture, and it is clean"..... If that was so there would not be all kinds of dirt on the bottom of my pool right after he leaves, and MY POOL WOULD NOT BE TURNING GREEN AND GROWING ALGAE!!!
5	I called SPB because our pool filter was no longer working properly. Donnie promptly answered the phone and was able to get us in with a same day appointment. He did give us a courtesy call a half hour before he arrived. He also showed up on time, was professionally dressed, and got right to helping identify our filter issue. He was highly knowledgable and even provided insight on a few smaller issues we were having with our pool equipment. Will definitely be calling Donnie back for all our pool needs!
5	My older model pool filter had a leak, and it turned out to be fairly complicated. I am very happy with the repair they did, and I love the fact they did not try to up-sell me on replacing the whole system, as the other 3 companies I called were pushing me to do.  All their employees were very knowledgeable and a pleasure to deal with.  Donnie graciously took the time to educate me on a few issues that needed to be taken care of, and all of his suggestions made sense.  Very happy with the job they did.
