4	The food is great (5*) but the prices are pretty high for what you get (3*).  A quarter chicken meal will run you $9~ and when you include a drink and tip, you are way over $10 for a pretty simple meal.  The serving sizes are not large but the flavor is amazing and it's hard to beat.  I think this place has the best rotisserie chicken in Charlotte.The location can be somewhat tricky to find.  Pio Pio is in the southeast corner of East and Scott.  It's in that shopping plaza and it's in the corner.  The last time I was there, Pio Pio did not have a real sign outside yet.
4	I am crazy for this place and am going as much as possible since that location seems to have bad luck...  I love the chicken with rice and beans and plantains but for me the star are the sauces.  The food is served with an amazing garlic sauce that's so good i want to drink it.  yummmmmmmm
5	Pio Pio is Awesome!!! I go once a week for lunch, I lately have only been getting the half chicken with a side salad and tostones!! I agree the garlic sauce is so good my sister and i just go for that. we love the servers they are very nice attentive and take notice. I really hope nothing happens to this place. So I urge anyone and everyone to go try it out!!
4	Yummmmy! Just writing this review is making me hungry hehe. The location of the restaurant makes it really hard to find but once you find it...its true foodie heaven. We got arepas for appetizers and they weren't really authentic like the areaps joint in NYC. It tasted fine but not really arepas.  I got 1/4 rotisserie chicken and hubby got the grilled chicken breast. The meat was really tender and flavorful. The spicy green chillie sauce and the garlic sauce given on the side were amazing! I agree with Albert though...they are a bit on the pricier end for the amount food you get. If you want more sauce you have to pay extra which is really annoying. The service was polite and quick. Hubby loved the food so much, he keeps wanting to go back again soon :o)
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.Food is amazingly flavorful, plentiful, and the staff are great!One of the few restaurants since moving to CLT we repeatedly go back to.  Solid and consistent.
5	This place is excellent.  Unfortunately the first couple of things I ordered off the menu were so good that I've never tried anything else there:  the delicious, tomatoey squid appetizer, and then the Campestre combo, which is enough delicious roast chicken, salad, and fried things for two or more people to be happily stuffed.  The frozen fruit smoothies and sangria are tasty too.  I don't know how "authentic" this place is but they make wonderful comfort food and you can be sure it will always be good.
5	Just tried Pio Pio today and HAD to sign up to give them a great review! This place is AMAZING!!! We(the bf and I) stumbled across it while walking from freedom park we were originally going to try big daddy's but decided to keep on walking a little to see what else was in the area. I'm SO glad we stopped when we did. We decided to sit outside and ordered a whole chicken ( not knowing how huge the portion was going to be) for 9 bucks! A whole chicken= $9 i mean c'mon that's a freakin steal. Not to mention this is the best rotisserie chicken in Charlotte! It was perfect! Juicy just enough spices nothing overpowering. These ppl are true artists! We also ordered a side of rice and beans( yum just like mami used to make) maduros( sweet plantains) and a chicken empanada. My bf ordered the mango juice which was outta this world! It's making my mouth water just thinking about the feast we had. Oh and I had the inka cola:)I really hope this place gets good business and stays open. The service was fabulous! They were so attentive but not overbearing. What can I say this place was PERFECT! I have to tell everyone I know to stop in to make sure this place stays open so you do the same:)P.S. I almost forgot about the garlic sauce....OMG if you don't try anything just ask for some sauce. YUM!!!
4	A great little place in an unfortunate location. The food is authentic Peruvian and Colombian, but still a good starting point if you're not looking for something too adventurous in Latin American Cuisine.  I went for dinner and my only complaint (lame, I know) is that it was very very dark and they had no candles on the tables. When I asked, they just truned the light on full which was nice but it changed the ambiance. Good service.
4	Saw this restaurant while trying to find another place...then it popped up on Yelp while searching for new places to try.  It is a cute little place and nicer inside than the exterior would lead you to believe.  Took the family and we all loved it.  The host/waiter was nice and helpful.  The chicken was great and the plantains were delicious.  We will definitely be going back.
4	What a treat. The more I go to strip mall restaurants with cultural cooking, the more chains are obsolete. Pio pio master's the art of chicken rotisserie. Pair a whole chicken with green and ripe plantains, rice and beans, and mixed veggies and you have a filling dinner with enough leftover for lunch the next day--less than $30 can feed two people. Be warned, the sangria is smooth and seductive and a pitcher worth will double your bill. Yum!
2	This is the kind of latin food that could only succeed in a town like Charlotte, where there is hardly any competition.  By the standards of most large cities, this would be really average.  The space is nondescript strip mall, the restaurant has done nothing with the interior decor, and the meals are predictable and bland after the first visit.  In addition, the prices are a bit high and the service is just ok.  That being said, this is probably your only option for food like this in Charlotte.
4	Pio Pio for Great Rotisserie ChickenTake it from the Godfather PIO PIO Dilworth boasts the best rotisserie chicken in Charlotte. It can be found at Pio Pio. It's behind the Outback Steak House on East Blvd. Drive all the way to the back of the parking lot located to the right of Tally's (which is closed by the way). Pio Pio marinates the chicken for great flavor and to insure that it is nice and juicy. The chicken is offered with rice and beans, and either green or ripe plantains. If you prefer, you can have it served with a wonderful chicken soup and a salad with avocado and a light dressing. They bring two sauces to the table garlic and hot sauces both are fantastic. They also offer drinks, deserts and other entrees. Everything is fresh and very tasty. This is great food for a reasonable price.  The location is tough. Two restaurants have failed there. However I predict this place will make it in big in time. Serve a simple menu do it extremely well and people will beat a path to your door. Word of mouth will spread that this chicken ROCKS. They own several restaurants in the New York area and this is the first in Charlotte. I am glad that they have arrived in Charlotte. This place is the real deal and I defy you to find better chicken. It is poultry in motion.
4	I've spent the last several days writing and rewriting this review.  Every hook I came up with just seemed lamer than the one before.  While eating my Royale with cheese for lunch today, it hit me... KISS... keep it simple stupid.Instead of writing lots of fluff as per my normal proclivities, why not just come out and say what I have to say.  So here it goes...."My name is James, and I like a chain restaurant..."Pio Pio is a Peruvian chain based out of New York with a few branches scattered across the eastern seaboard.  The specialty of the house is rotisserie chicken.  Do not, however, make the mistake of thinking that it is a South American themed Boston Market.  It is so much more than that.The chicken (touted to be antibiotic and hormone free) is marinated and slow roasted to succulent perfection... the breast so juicy, the thighs so supple... when dipped into the creamy hot sauce... it is almost obscene.   Caliente! (OK... so I couldn't keep my predilection for fluff in check... I'll try to do better for the rest of the review).As tasty as the chicken is, it is the side dishes that really make me a fan of Pio Pio.  These include fried plantains, fried yucca, avocado salad, saffron rice and beans, and salchipapa.  All the ingredients were fresh.  The avocado salad was particularly good... the avocado was at peak ripeness, and the dressing well balanced.Let's quickly talk about the salchipapa.  This is actually a combination of 2 words... salchichas, meaning sausage, and papa, meaning potato.  Now, despite the English translation provided on the menu that stated "hot dogs with fried potatoes", I was actually expecting a chorizo-like sausage with fried potato wedges.  Well, the dish was indeed sliced, sauteed hot dogs served over a bed of french fries... and it was awesome.  It paired nicely with the sangria I was drinking.There were several fish entrees, some ceviches, and soups which all looked wonderful but I didn't get to try.  I'll have to save them for next time.Is Pio Pio authentic?  I couldn't tell you because I've never been to Peru.  Is Pio Pio good?  You bet your llama it is!If I must eat at a chain restaurant, Pio Pio would be my choice.
5	This place rocks.  I was jealous of all the Peruvian chicken joints they have in DC until I found this gem.  The chicken is spiced and cooked much better than any other similar place I've been to.  Rice is great, so are the ripe plantains and fried yucca.  And the sauces that they serve with the chicken are addictive.  I will be back asap.  Be careful of the hours though..they close early (9 I think).
4	A tasty find.  Recommended for a leisurely lunch..
4	My friend keeps talking about this place well actually she keeps talking about the spicy green sauce they serve with their meals so I finally had the chance to grab lunch here with her today. She ordered the grilled chicken meal with rice and beans and plantains and I ordered the grilled steak with rice and beans and plantains. We split the meat and had a nice taste of both. I loved the rice and beans and the plantains. The meat was tasty but a little on the greasy side for my taste. I however have never had Peruvian or Colombian food so maybe this is just the way it was suppose to be. I will definitely be back next time to have the rotisserie chicken. The place is a little pricey for lunch but the service was good and the food came our fresh and fast.
4	Not much else to say that hasn't been said, but I do love me some Pio Pio.  I have to be in the mood for it, because I don't usually crave roasted chicken.  But whenever I go its always been great.  I used to get the 1/2 dark meat until I started doing weight Watchers and switched to the white meat.  I thought it'd be dry and not as flavorful, but I was soo wrong, its just as good.  Add to that a side salad w/avocado and the yummy garlic dressing, rice and beans and tostones (def a splurge on WW but worth it) and I am a very full and happy girl!!I've had the tres leches and sangria in the past and both were also excellent!
5	I'd say a secret gem, but after reading all the reviews - it's not so secret afterall! Another place I didn't know existed. We found it by 'yelping.' I'd been driving right past it - often(!) and didn't know it was there! The atmosphere and service are excellent and the food is delicious! Try it!
5	OK I  hardly ever give 5 stars but this place surely deserves it!!! So much so I think my family and I go at least once a week.  The rotisserie has got to the BEST in the Carolinas hands down!!! Their compimentary sauces are to die for!!!  They are ALWAYS friendly and attentive here as well.  Portions are pretty respectful for the price and quality of the food.  I have tried the fish and chicken dishes.  If you are ready for a party in your mouth with latin flair this is definitely the place to be.
4	After living in Northern Virginia for 8 years and having Peruvian rotisserie chicken for lunch about once every 2 weeks, I can safely say that it is one of my favorite comfort foods.  The skin is perfectly crispy, the meat moist and delicate, and the spices just enough to kick up the natural flavor of the bird.  Add in a plate full of yuca and beans, maybe a beef empanada to start, and a cold beer.  Heaven.Pio Pio nails it.  The food here is delicious, the service quick and friendly, and the location perfectly close to my house.  I can't say how excited I am to find good roasted chicken in my neighborhood.  The best part?  A quarter chicken is $3.50.  Yes, you read that right.Now, if only North Carolina would ease up on their draconian liquor laws and allow Pio Pio to serve real Peruvian and Colombian beer.
5	What a lovely surprise! My family came here by happenstance recently, as we were at the running shoe store in the same plaza and got hungry while shopping. From the outside, it looks like any other strip mall joint. But the inside is pleasant and the food is excellent! I had the grilled steak and my husband and daughter shared the 1/2 chicken plate. Everything was well spiced, not the usual southern blandness we thought we were consigned to in Charlotte. The side dishes: plantains, rice and beans were terrific too.The price is reasonable too, considering.Service was prompt, courteous and they accommodated our toddler very gracefully. We will be back soon!
5	Truly a gem.  Unbelievably wonderful Rotisserie Chicken (best I have ever tasted) and unique sides that would be hard to find anywhere in Charlotte much less within the state borders.  Please support this local business.  I hope to still be a customer of this place  for as long as I still have teeth to eat with! PS - The 2 sauces are very delicious and are sold in larger containers for something like $3-$5 dollars.  If anyone has found a recipe for either sauce or have reverse engineered it please let me know!
4	Chicky chicky bok bok, chicky chicky. Oh how I love me some roasted chicken. Pio Pio is a clean restaurant with great staff and excellent portions. While rotisserie chicken is good no matter how it's prepared, there wasn't a distinct "Peruvian" flavor. Maybe I'm ignorant (don't answer that please), but  it just tasted like any other roasted chicken with herbs and spices. Good nonetheless. Sweet plaintains; well they're plantians no matter how you slice em. Fried yucca was just that, yummy in my tummy fried yucca. Rice and beans were solid but what Pio Pio does best are the dipping sauces. I don't know how to describe them but I'm guessing one is a vinegar based garlic cream sauce and the second I can't even put my finger on. To be honest, I don't really care, it was good that's all I know. It's like going to a foreign country or eating foreign food. If it looks like grasshopper, crunches like grasshopper, well it just might be grasshopper! Don't ask, don't tell, just eat it if it's yummy!
4	Even though I grew up in South Florida, where we had a number of South American establishments, I don't believe I've had Columbian or Peruvian before but was sure happy to try it out. I had a BOGO coupon from my Citipass book (they offer two coupons for Pio Pio in there-score!) and decided to check out this cozy establishment. First thing I noticed-- when walking it, the space was small, dimly lit, intimate---saucy! Second thing I noticed--the appearance of the food! The table next to us got their food right as we were sitting down and I think I made it awkward moment b/c I just kept starting at this chicken all lustfully and stuff. I guess it could be considered creepy the way I was eyeing their food but whatev. My staring was a compliment.Third thing I noticed-the menu and prices. I like that the menu wasn't dish overload with too many things that sound delicious. I hate when that happens because I usually pick something random in the end since I feel pressured to order. The prices were way more reasonable then I thought they would be. Many dinners for under ten bones that come with rice and plantains. Sign me up,Four thing I noticed--the taste of the food. I got the quarter chicken with rice, beans and plantains.The chicken was all that and a bag of chips! It was moist, flavorful and juicy. They also brought out a white garlic sauce that looked similar to tsaziki sauce along with a green jalapeno sauce that had my eyes watering. Both were equally fantastic on the chicken and on top of the rice. The rice wasn't anything to write home about taste wise but the plantains were as good as I expected---I miss having plantains that taste like they should! South Florida would be proud of you Pio Pio!Fifth thing I noticed---lighting fast and friendly service. Sometimes places take forever once you hand them a coupon and our waiter had it back within two minutes.Sixth thing I noticed-how fun saying Pio Pio over and over again is!Seventh thing I noticed-how long this review was--oopsieAll in all, a terrific place and wallet friendly. I will be back in the future!
5	The restaurant was as large as a matchbox.  There was a large party waiting for sitting, which means they completely blocked the doorway and were talking over the unfortunate patrons eating dinner right under them.  My husband and made our way through the crowd and sat at the "bar" to wait on our family's take out order.  When I say  bar....the only two stools situated by the register. With that being said, what this restaurant lacks in size it more than makes up for in taste.  We ordered a couple of whole chickens (VERY MOIST!) , yellow rice, beans, fried yucca, sweet plantains, and tostodas.  We loved  the garlic and chili sauces!I had visited a PIO PIO serval years ago in Queens, NY and thought it was ok.  But this foodie experience was awesome!!
4	First, I'd like to thank yelp, because without this site I never would have known this restaurant existed. And I'm glad I took the time to experience it. Went for lunch with a friend, he had the #6(?) salad, 1/4 chicken, and soup and I had the #16, arroz con pollo with fried yucca instead of french fries. Lots of lunch combos to choose from, mostly revolving around a 1/4 of chicken, chicken breast, pork chops, and possibly fish.. but the combinations seemed endless.I have to say I was really surprised by the portion of rice, I couldn't finish it. The menu states it is a mix of vegetables and chicken and that it was, a very colourful and tasty blend of peas, corn, carrots, sausage, chicken, (i think that's about right) in rice with a few pieces of yucca. Lots of flavour and perfect consistency. (the yucca was, well, fried yucca. nothing spectacular)My friend's soup was delicious, though we both thought the section of corn still on the cob was a little odd to be served in the bowl, and some of the chicken pieces were a little large. The rotisserie chicken was moist and flavourful.I'm not sure what the two sauces were on the table, my friend insisted the white one was what was also on his salad, but I was all about the green one. Kind of a green chili cream/mayo sauce? Whatever the ingredients, it had a nice little kick to it.The staff was very helpful, and even though the space is small wasn't very crowded for lunch (maybe 1/3 full) There was a bit of a lag between us finishing  our meal and having the plates cleared/receiving the check, maybe because we weren't dressed in suits they assumed we weren't on a lunch break, but it was overall a minor infraction towards the whole meal. Maybe not the "best chicken in town" like their sign says, but a very good meal and nice portions for a low price (each lunch was under $10). Definitely one to keep in mind when in that area of town.
4	Wow I love this place!  Was here for lunch and had the 1/4 chicken with plantains and rice and it comes with beans.  Very inexpensive and it is a very filling meal! The chicken is roasted to perfection and comes with a spicy sauce and a mild sauce.  I wasnt sure what to do with the sauces so i put them on eveything - delicious!!!!  I think my platter was $7.50 and my friend's similar lunch entree but with steak was close in price.  Everything was delicious and well cooked - i was worried that there would be too many spices.  But the food was simple and delicious!The decor is simple and cozy.   The wait staff is super fast and very sweet.  Cant wait to get back here!  Thanks Pio Pio!!!
4	Having moved from the DC metro area with a ton of Peruvian chicken spots around, this place is a pretty darn good place to compare. It's not your average a hole in the wall like I was expecting. Their lunch combo #2 1/4 chicken is avg $$, comes with rice & beans, the beans I don't find that great. Their rice is saffron rice, not your usually plain white or garlic white rice. Chicken is lightly seasoned than average but still has that Peruvian kick. The white sauce is a bit tangy, also not used to and totally unexpected but it'll do.
5	Delicious rotisserie chicken and sides!  One of my favorite places to go for lunch
5	sensational chicken @ a great price with fast and friendly service.  I have been hearing about this place for what seems like a year or so...I finally went the other night.  I ordered an interesting beer, cant recall it name and half a chicken, my girlie ordered some outstanding soup and a 1/4...we could not believe how good it was.  we both destroyed our meals and then ordered a whole chicken to go FOR $9...all of that was south of $40 and I got another beer, of course.  they used fresh free range chicken from a farm in south carolina which should be important to everyone bc of how disgusting the commercial chicken industry can be.  they roast it in a european brock oven that PERFECTLY AND I MEAN PERFECTLY cooks it, they give you a couple oil based scratch made sauces one is savory and one is spicy made with habeneros...they give you some great fried yuca and ripe plantains phenomenal beans and some rice...all in all this place is one of the best values and meals in the city.  i plan to eat here several times a amonth moving forward and am really looking forward to it b/c i had been a bit down on chicken in general unless i made it and i cant make it like this.  go there, chill out, have a few beers and enjoy charlottes best roasted yard bird!!
4	Love it, great food.
5	This is some of the best chicken in Charlotte bar none. It's incredibly seasoned and the flavors go all the way to the bone. Also, if you're feeling under the weather try the chicken soup with a nice half of an avocado. I just wished they served peruvian ceviche, too.
3	do you ever go to a really tiny restaurant not many people know about and leave in fear?  you glance uneasily in the direction of its worrisome location and wonder when the day will come that you'll be craving that food only to find that the economy has, yet again, robbed you of satisfaction.yep.  that's how i feel about pio pio.located near the now-defunct talley's in dilworth, it's easy to understand why.  pio pio is incredibly tiny . . . one of my good friends has a bedroom that's bigger than this restaurant.  hidden behind juggernauts like brixx pizza and outback steakhouse, it's almost like that dorky kid you desperately wanted to prevail in a class election.it's not fancy food.  it's not incredibly creative.it's just comfort food at its best.their signature rotisserie chicken is juicy and reliable.  my favorite dish is their breaded chicken with yellow rice and black beans.  the white sauce is a must, and the green sauce is for those with fiery palates (woosaa, now!).  the salad with half an avocado sliced on top is always a winner . . . and don't get me started on the tostones (plantains).  prior to coming here, i had been searching in vain for a restaurant that offers the starchy green plantains as well as the sweet ripe ones.  winner.again, this is not anything mind-blowing.  it's just the only thing that satisfies that particular craving.if you're looking for something that gives your stomach a warmfuzzy, try this out instead of your requisite steak and potatoes.i'll be surprised if you don't look over your shoulder in fear as you leave.
4	Delivery review:YUM!  Sometimes, even if you are living in the land of golden fried chicken, you're just jonesing for a nice, juicy, decently seasoned pollo rostizado with all of the fixins.   For 27 bucks we got the "Latin combo" - a whole bird, a massive salad with tons of avocado, plentiful rice and beans (rice - kind of light yellow and mildly seasoned, beans - black and boiled with the cilantro and cumin and other stuff), delicious sweet fried plantains and lipsmacking yuca fries.  It was enough for two dinners plus two lunches the next day.Have to order from foodiecall.com (they have a phone number too...).  Call the restaurant direct and they'll refer you to foodiecall.  Food was delivered I think within 30 minutes or so - from Dilworth to Uptown.  Overall very satisfying, and I'll definitely order again.
5	Listen, I could write all kinds of words and try to give you some sort of foodie review of this place,  but I'm not.  Here's all that I'm going to say:  half roast chicken, beans and tostones.  That's all you need to know.  Located in the shopping center on East Blvd. behind Outback Steakhouse and the recently remodeled Brixx Pizza.  Eat this chicken or you are doing your stomach a disservice.
5	Consistenly fantastic food! Get the montanero, its a ton of food and is great for sharing. Their rotisserie chicken is also fantastic, always really juicy and flavorful. Love the spicy green sauce that goes with everything. Great for a casual night.
4	Great rotiserie chicken. I often call and ask them to pack one to go. Easy and cheap!
3	The chicken is awesome! Specially, for the price. Service is quick.Update: Didn't have the same great experience on follow-up visits. Still, it's a good place for good chicken.
4	Great "hidden" gem in Dilworth.  I've only been here a handful of times, but I always leave satisfied and dreaming of my next visit.It is a little worrisome that whenever I go, the place is almost dead most of the time - which is great since I get all the attention, but not-so-great if this place is to survive the long haul.I am still going through the menu and wanting to try all of their offerings and sides.  If you are a fan of plantains, definitely give this place a visit since some of their combinations come with fried plantains.  Not your typical southern style cooking comfort food, but you leave comforted none-the-less.
5	There's not a lot to say. The food is amazing. Amazing, like there's a team of grandmas in the back cooking.
3	If your looking for something different to eat today at a great value stop into Pio Pio. Their salad comes with fresh avocado and their dressing is awesome. The entrees are served with a garlic sauce and a spicy sauce which are both great. I forget about it often because it's tucked back in the corner of the shopping center on East Blvd but have always enjoyed each meal I've had there.
4	I live right down the street and I love this restaurant! Moist, delicious chicken, great sauces, and sweet plantains! My one major complaint is the price...$10 for lunch is just too pricey, the same type of food in East Charlotte would be a lot less! They charged me 75 cents for white meat, which I thought was ridiculous. What is sad is that every time I go in there it is empty! Probably because o the high prices. They should take 1 to 2 dollars off each entree to be more competitive and I think their business would increase, because they have a great product.
5	Best grilled chicken in Charlotte! Pio Pio!
5	Hands down, this place rocks.  It's usually the same two servers who are always friendly and on the ball.  The food is authentic, the place is clean, rarely crowded, and the prices are cheap.  What is there not to love here?  We usually get the corncake & sausage to start and then I get the arroz con pollo with ripe plantains (amazing!) and my boyfriend gets 1/2 chicken, rice & yucca fries.  And it's enough for lunch the next day too!  Also, please try the Sangria... heavenly.Indoor and outdoor seating.  They also have dessert and real Colombian coffee/espresso!This place is a gem.  An absolute treasure in Charlotte.  A+++!
5	Short review: eat here. The beans and rice alone are worth writing home about!Longer review:Be prepared for juicy rotisserie chicken, fried plantains, amazing beans and rice, addicting garlicky and jalapeno sauces, yucca fries, and more fried plantains!!!Shared the satisfying and left-over producing Latin Combo with the girlfriend containing:Salad: sizable salad with avocado and a darn good dressing that was rather unique!Beans and Rice: Ooooooof, these were fantastic. Nothing at all like the beans and rice you may be accustomed to at Mexican restaurants (this is Peruvian food after all!). Seasoned stewed black beans with flavorful yellow rice that were obviously made in-house with pride. I could be happy with a meal of just these. Best beans and rice I've had in recent memory! Chicken: No messing around here. You get a whole darn chicken rotisserieed to juicy perfection with just enough Peruvian spice to hold your attention and coming back for more.Sauces: This really shifted the chicken from 'yummy' to 'hot dang'. Near the beginning of the meal two mystery sauces appear on the table. The white one is a creamy garlic sauce. I am gonna write to Crest to request this as a new flavor of toothpaste because I was challenged to find something in the meal that wasn't enhanced by it. The orangish sauce is jalapeno-based and I used a bit more sparingly, but was just fantastic (although perhaps not toothpaste-worthy).Fried Plantains: Let these cool down a bit before eating; they absorb heat well enough to buffer spacecraft from re-entry into the atmosphere. Upon their cool-down, the fried, soft, sweetness of these plantains offered a nice contrast to the rest of the spicy and saucy meal. Although probably not intended to be, I was satisfied with these as a dessert.Yucca Fires: whereas not bad at all, wasn't anything super-special in my opinion. Seemed rather close to steak-cut fries to me. Go for the tostones instead!Tostones: we ordered these on the side, and were grateful for that. Akin to those fried banana chips you find in trail mix, tostones are mashed and fried plantains to a crispy-yet-chewy chip-like consistency. Great by themselves, awesome dipped in one of the aforementioned sauces, and fantastic when use as a shovel for beans, rice, chicken, and sauce. You will not be disappointed!
4	We loved this little restaurant.  The food was very good.  As stated in other reviews the beans and rice were very good as were the plantains. It is tucked away in a shopping center so it is easy to miss.  There was an Outback restaurant on the corner of the shopping center. In addition to the great food the wait staff was excellent.  several different waiters took care of keeping our drinks filled and making sure everything was satisfactory.  I wish we lived in Charlotte so we could come back often.
1	Will not seat you after 930 despite sign and website that states open til 10
5	I love this place! The staff is friendly and attentive but I really come here for the food. First I start with a beef empanada which is flavorful and made even better with the two sauces they give you. Then I get the #1 (1/4 chicken with rice and beans) and I choose the plantains that come with it.  Everything is delicious on it's own, but if you have an adventurous palate like me, try a mixture of rice, beans, plantain, and the two sauces all in one bite. Heaven! You will never taste anything like it!  Anyways, all this food for under $15 and a very satisfied tummy. Thaaaank you!
5	Like David A, my girlfriend and I shared a Latin Combo - just two days after our first meal of half chicken etc. - and it is simply a sublime meal. No need to describe the dishes since so many fans already have, but I'll add that service is friendly and very efficient. Decent wine selection at modest prices. Very casual atmosphere invites a slow and easy savoring pace. Just go. De-freakin-licious!!
5	Yummy Yummy!!!!!   I ordered delivery via Foodie Call... and was not let down!   I moved home from NYC a year ago and I have missed the Peruvian chicken places the most!  Now I don't :)  I had the 1/4 chicken w/ rice and beans and ripe plantains.... it was awesome!  The only negative is that, ironically, i could get that meal in NYC for about 6 bucks. :(
5	Best place to eat in Charlotte!!! I go there at least twice a week!!!! A+++
3	3.5 stars Pio-Pio is good, but it wasn't as good as I expected it to be after reading the reviews. I had the #13 1/4 chicken and rice/beans plus side salad. The chicken fell off the bone and was tender - but it really tasted as good as the ones at Harris Teeter available at a much lower price. The rice and beans were good but I didn't think anything that special. The salad did have four small slices of avocado which was nice -and was served with that really good (white) sauce intended for the chicken as well.  I'm not sure my chicken was quite worth over $10, so I probably would opt for something else for lunch.
5	The best damn place in charlotte. they have the best hot sauce, great chicken, friendly staff. atmosphere is low key, and everything youd expect from a down to earth ethnic resto. its just damn good!
4	Pio Pio is one of those strip mall gems that surprises you with good food and even better service.  Their speciality is Peruvian and Columbian cuisine which means lots of rotisserie chicken, beans, and plantains. Everything involving these elements is delicious. Granted, the other dishes are probably delicious as well, but you want to go for the bird. The only reason I don't give Pio Pio 5 stars is that when I went, my friend and I both ordered 1/4 chickens. She got all white meat, and I got all dark meat and a smaller portion than her. We were able to equalize things a bit, but if I had been dining by myself, I would have been disappointed.
4	Nom Nom Nom.  I love Peruvian rotisserie chicken.  Pio's is golden, fall-off-the-bone tender, and though it's not particularly well-seasoned, the two sauce accompaniments give the chicken (and anything else you wish you smother said sauce with) an extra oomph.  The green sauce is muy spicy, and the white sauce is like a smoky ranch dressing.  Both are delish.  For sides: I love the saffron rice, and the ripe plantains here are so tasty and sweet I usually save them for dessert. For appz: empanadas (beef or chicken patties), calamari, or if you're feeling extra carniverous try the sample platter - a heaping platter of fried and grilled meats, sausage, potatoes, and chicharrones...your arteries will probably hate you after eating this. This is a great place for a tasty, filling, and cheap meal with great service.
3	My BF and I decided to try this spot before going to check out Aries Spears @ The Comedy Zone on a Saturday night. The place was typical for a cafe and the service was decent. We loved how moist  and tender the chicken was, yet it really lacked a lot of seasoning. We both are no big fans of sodium, yet this chicken could use a little more pizzazz. The sauces helped with this flavor issue, but sauces should enhance and not make the flavor IMO. Well the prices were decent and the flavored teas were tasty. We will definitely come back, but not somewhere we will be jonesing for. :)
4	Reviews are right. It really is hard not to call this place a "hidden gem" since i've never even seen it and i've been in the shopping center it is located several times and driven by thousands of times. Tracked it down by selecting a random Entertainment Book coupon and heading there for lunch. Fun game.So apparently chicken is their thing...after looking up Pio Pio online, it said it was the "short weak cry of a young bird" which is actually kind of sad. Anyway, there were several enticing lunch options assuming you like chicken. i went with a salad topped with rotisserie chicken and avocado. You can substitute other sides for the french fries. i went with the veggies which were good. One of the sauces they bring was really good with a great spice. Very good. Almost forgot about the juice. i tried the mango juice and it was delicious. i believe they said it was just mango with ice and water. You could drink it with a straw, but it was thicker than just juice. As i mentioned, there is a coupon for buy one, get one free up to $10 off in the 2012 Entertainment Book.
5	Wow!  What a gem.  Met here for a girls' night dinner.  We started with a Sangria that was quite delicious.  My meal selection was the Filet of Tilapia with rice & beans and Yuca...YUMMY!  The fish was crisply baked (not blackened) and full of flavor.  The rice & beans were tasty and the Yuca was great as well.  I didn't each much all day so that my tummy would be ready to receive some good food and it was not disappointed.  The restaurant was not crowded on this weeknight and service was excellent.  Although I didn't time it, the food seemed to come out in 10 minutes or less - I am not sure how they did that but I like their style.  This is a nice (authentic Peruvian, Columbian, Spanish & Latin American) restaurant in the back of the Plaza with Outback and Black Lion.  They have a kids' menu with traditional fare such as chicken fingers, chicken leg, frankfurter which means I can go back for a nother visit really soon, with the kids.
3	Friend brought me here. Menu looked exciting but lacked spice & flavor (ie. bland).
5	Really good food and the people there were very friendly.  This place also looked really clean.
4	Pretty good food for lunch. It's casual n relaxed.
4	This place has some of the best chicken i have ever eaten!  I don't understand the people that say this place is pricey...go to Wendy's of you want a cheap crappy meal people!  I happen to think Pio Pio is very reasonable-especially since it fed myself and my boyfriend for 2 days AFTER we ate there with our left overs.  We shared a chicken platter accompanied by a family style fresh salad with avocado and a delightful garlic vinaigrette.  Good find, good eats, happy girl
5	Pio Pio Restaurant is a must try! It is hidden off East Blvd in a little strip mall, so I was not aware of it until recently. Ever since I found it, I get take out lunch for my office at least twice a month. Everyone LOVES it! All of their chicken dishes are delicious, but my favorite is the chicken wrap! It is HUGE and tastes amazing with their spicy green sauce! You must try this restaurant! You will definitely not be dissapointed! DELICIOUS!
3	What a cool place, and nearby the house as well! Convenience for those lazy days I guess. The place is nice and cozy walking in with warm lighting and friendly waiters.The food is nice and all, I think you are paying a lot for ambiance and overhead though. Even sharing a plate with my dining buddy we still managed to pull an $8 bill each. I've had the dish we ordered before at this little hole in the wall where no one spoke English and it was a much larger plate for a much cheaper price. How depressing, also I find the cost of a 1/4 rotisserie chicken plate kind of prohibitive. How is a plate of chicken and rice almost $10!? I can go buy a whole chicken and some rice and have enough food for a couple days!For those days you are too tired to cook and want a quick comforting meal I can see going here, they're open late and they're friendly. Rotisserie chicken and rice is not hard to make though so I don't know about going here all the time but it's A-OK for those lazy days.
5	Pio Pio Restaurant is a latin restaurant with AMAZING chicken dishes, rice and plantains in the strip mall behind Outback Steak House and Brixx Pizza.  HIDDEN JEM in Charlotte, I am anxiously awaiting their new location in Ballantyne.Their chicken and corn soup is a broth based chicken soup with chunks of chicken breast, corn and potatoes, SUPER YUMMY.Their amazing homemade spicy sauce and salad dress are both amazing.You must try this restaurant! You will definitely not be dissapointed! DELICIOUS!
4	Great place for dinner or lunch, I've been to both now and I love this place.  It's pretty close to how I've eaten in S. America. Both times I've eaten there I've had the 1/2 rotisserie chicken with either the sauteed yucca or the plantains, and I was stuffed and smiling.  Their salads are really nice too, they're topped with avocado slices and have a nice citrus dressing. The service was a little harried when I was in for lunch, but it was relaxed and mellow when we were there for dinner, so just depends on when you go.  The prices are reasonable, not super cheap, but for what you get it's a good deal.Needless to say, I'll be back again and soon, great meal and a great place for paleo types too.
3	If you've not had Central or South American food before, please head to Pio Pio and introduce yourself to it. Specializing in Peruvian and Colombian cuisine, they serve some tasty food. Plenty of roasted meats, beans, corn (but not how you're used to having it), plantains, and interesting sauces. And random French fries where you'd least expect it.  But go for the chicken - roasted meats are a staple in this region (and the star of the show at meals), and Pio Pio makes an incredible roast chicken.The services was great, too. Friendly and attentive. It's a very small location, though, with few tables. My personal opinion is that the price-per-plate is a dollar or two high for what you get (portions and experience), but that's just me.All in all, it's a great little place to check out and a new option for us when we're on this side of town.
5	yayy for AUTHENTIC Colombian and Peruvian food! They specialize in rotisserie chicken, which is what I normally get, but the other dishes I've tried were also delectable. Normally, I'm afraid to try a different dish at any restaurant because I always end up liking what other people ordered or what I ordered previously more. Luckily, this place never fails me! EVERYTHING MUST BE GOOD! Every dish is unique and original because they make all of their spices and sauces in-house, The portions are huge and I think most of their dishes come with rice and plantain. This is by far the BEST rotisserie chicken I have ever had! The plantain is also amazing. There are 2 kinds, the ripe, sweet plantain and the fried, green plantain. It depends on your preference, but both are delicious! The restaurant's interior has a very cultural, homey vibe. The walls are decorated with beautiful paintings, in combination with warm lighting. It is a family-owned restaurant and you definitely get that cozy feel. Definitely try this place out if you're in the area!
5	I have to add another star...I just have to...driving back in to town from a canaan zipline tour, I was craving me some chicken.  Some really good roasted chicken.  My passenger had the AUDACITY to suggest picking up a roasted chicken from Harris twatter...for shame!  I knew this craving would only be satisified by Pio Pio.  So we did take out because we weren't looking so fresh and clean.  HIT    THE   SPOT!  I was a bit apprehensive doing take out.  Would it taste the same?  What if I need more condiments?  What's an overly analytic jewish girl from New York to do!?  But we ordered to go and it was just as perfect as the first time dining in...phew!
2	My friends and I went there for dinner and nobody really liked the food. I enjoy and know a lot about Latin American food and I was very disappointed with the quality of the food. The chicken was ok but to be honest it did not taste any better than the rotisserie chicken that I can buy at Costco. The yuca was far from fresh and it was not soft and it even had a little of a bitter taste to it, which usually means that  it is not fresh. Rice and beans were ok but nothing outstanding. I think someone that has never tried any kind of Latin American food might like it since they don't have anything to compare it against with. I was VERY disappointed, if you want better Colombian food I would recommend Los Paisas in south Charlotte area. The service was also ok but not great.
5	I chose this restaurant because of Yelp, so when I arrived, I knew I was going to get the chicken and it did not disappoint!First off, when I pulled up to the location, I was rethinking my choice... from the outside this place does not look like anything special; however, when I popped my head in, I knew it was good to go!My wife and I both got the chicken, she got hers with plantains and I got the Tostones.  The chicken really was amazing!  I haven't had chicken this good in a long long time!  The plantains and the tostones were great too (I preferred the tostones though) and the sauces for the chicken are magnificent!Next time I am in Charlotte, I will be eating here again!
4	I came here during lunch since it was so close to my work. I had a 1/4 chicken + beans + rice + yucca for only $9.50! The chicken was really good. If there wasn't so many people around, I would've eaten it like a barbarian. Who needs forks or knives! The skin was crispy and the meat was flavorful. I mixed the rice with beans and the AWESOME two side sauces (they had a kick to it) and it was a perfect meal.I'm not a big fan of yucca but you had the choice of yucca, tostones, plantains and I just chose yucca because I never had it before. It tasted like thick bread with a lots of fibers. It was a heavy lunch and I don't think I will come back for lunch. Yes to dinner, No to lunch. I felt so lethargic during work.
4	Pio Pio, located behind the Outback Steakhouse on East Boulevard, is known for its delicious Peruvian/Colombian rotisserie chicken. I haven't tried that yet but I did try the Jalea special, a wonderful seafood platter including both calamari and tilapia in a lime/tomato sauce with corn and onions that is simply delicious. I also sampled the mango juice, an arepa with cheese and a beef patty. The beef patty was a real standout. Two sauces, a garlic sauce and a green sauce are served with every meal - both really add a lot of flavor and probably go great with the chicken. I definitely plan on coming back to Pio Pio soon to try the chicken and other Peruvian / Colombian specialties offered.
2	Pio Pio..I was so excited for this place..I had not heard alot about it and when I found out it was Columbian food..I was thrilled...well, I went, tonight and I shall not be going back. Was it bad? No it was not really bad but was it good, No not that either. It was a strip mall shop that has chicken exactly like the Rotisserie Chicken from Harris Teeter only more expensive. We ordered the Whole chicken...but it was just he four pieces...two small breasts with part of a wing attached and two thighs..No idea where the legs went ---or why they were not included in the WHOLE chicken. Then I ordered the ChimiChurri Sauce...4 dollars. Wilkepedia describes Chimichurri as :Chimichurri is made from finely chopped parsley, minced garlic, olive oil, oregano, and white or red vinegar. Additional flavorings such as cilantro, paprika, cumin, thyme, lemon, and bay leaf. What we received was a small dish of chopped onion in water...no green anything. Very disappointed. The fried Tostones were very thin and crisp..I liked them but not enough to make me go back to Pio Pio...I will just get a chicken at Costco or Harry Teets if I am craving Rotisserie Chicken again...Sorry Pio Pio..you did not make my list!
4	The chicken lives up to the hype.  It really, truly does.  Although, you won't believe me until you try it.  Then you'll be all "OMG, they were totally right!" like I am right now.  Green sauce and white sauce are both delicious.  And the fried plantains rival A Taste of Havana's as my all-time favorites.  Seriously, if you love fried plantains, you will not be disappointed with this place.  Definitely would love to come back and try something different on the menu... or maybe a dessert?!Also, paleo-friendly as far as restaurants go.  Can't go wrong with a rotisserie chicken when you're trying to eat like Grok.  Inside joke, what up!
1	DISCRIMINATION AT PIO PIO.PIO PIO WAITER BANNED ME, MY PREGNANT WIFE AND 3 KIDS FROM THE  RESTAURANT FOR ASKING THEM TO BE MORE ATTENTIVE TO US.I really like the food here but the service is the absolute worst.  The waiters definitely tend to the non-minority patrons before the minority customers and treat them better.  Guess what I am? Yep, you guessed it,  a minority. On one trip to Pio Pio, the really skinny, delicate looking guy/girl (I'm not sure) waiter with the overly plucked eyebrows forgot 2 of my kids's kids meals.  Maybe it was because we ordered so many dishes that they got confused and it just got lost in the shuffle.  Good thing we ordered so much because my kids ate plenty and their dishes were not missed but we kept looking out for their meals to arrive during the entire meal.  We figured they never placed the order but when we received the check we were billed for it.  I had them remove the charge but they had this look on their faces like we ate the meal and were trying to get a freebie (2 kid meals for $4 bucks each or so). I let it slide and left a full 20 % tip because we still had a great meal and lots of fun.On subsequent visits the service was typically and terribly slow but on my last visit I was forced to let them know how unacceptable their service towards us was.  We sat outside, which was a big mistake because since we were not in their immediate line of sight and vicinity, they seemed to have lost track of us.  They were painfully slow to take our orders, serve our drinks, bring out our food, and fill our waters.  We ordered an additional rice and beans side dish during the course of the meal and waited 30 minutes for it to arrive when we were already done with the meal.  We asked for more water and the head waiter/head bus boy/manager agreed.  15 minutes later he passed by to tend to the table next to us and I asked him for water.  He said okay.  15 more minutes he passed by again empty handed and I asked for a water refill.  He angrily said he will get to it and that they were busy.  I asked a passing waitress for the bill which she got to us about 20 minutes later.  It took another 15 minutes for them to pick up the credit card that I was going to pay the bill with.  15 minutes later when she finally brought the credit card slip back for me to sign I still had not gotten a water refill and my pregnant wife was really thirsty and irritated.  No one came to check on us and I wrote a note at the bottom of the credit card slip letting them know that we are regulars that have spent thousands of dollars at the restaurant and have been continually given poor customer service.  I let them know that this was not right and needed to change.  I did not leave a tip which they did not deserve, which is not usually smart if you are a return customer because they will undoubtedly spit in your food the next time you come.I returned 3 months later with my even-more-pregnant wife, my 3 kids and a head teacher of the local school who became a big fan after we introduced her to the food.  She has since turned 8 of her friends onto it as well.  As I walked towards the restaurant, I told my teacher friend that I had serious issues with the service at Pio Pio but the food is too damn good to deny. Little did I know I was about to be denied.When I walked through the door we were greeted by the skinny overly-plucked eyebrow person.  He walked past me and spoke to my wife with a big smile in spanish and basically told her the owner said we were banned from the restaurant for what we did the last time we were there. What? You mean tell you guys to treat us better? I asked to speak with the owner and was told he was not there.  We went back and forth for a minute or so and decided not to beg to eat there and we left.  He felt pretty good about kicking us out because he/she had a big old smile on his face. I decided we would handle the issue with the owner directly.My wife called the restaurant asking to speak with the owner, who we've actually met and spoken with on several occasions.  He's a fellow New Yorker and was super cool when we met.  The head waiter/head busboy/manager guy who wouldn't refill our waters on our last visit answered the phone and said the owner will stand by what they said.  He then said if we have so many problems with the restaurant then why do we go back.  We did not call to speak with this idiot so we did not bother to explain.  Dear Pio Pio owner- your waiters are horrible.  Today they kicked out 3 kids, a 7-month pregnant woman, a head elementary school teacher and me- all because we let them know that they need to step up their customer service.  You have lost our business and hard earned money.  You have lost our teacher friend's business.  You have lost her 8 friends' business.  All because of your waiters that don't treat minorities as equals.
4	I was busy cooking dinner when my friend called me up and said "Hey, we're going to this awesome Peruvian place, you want to come?" Not one to say no, I turned off the oven and stored my food (hey, it could be lunch tomorrow).  I had a perfectly roasted 1/4 chicken with tostones (which are a white, bland semi-soft cornmeal cakes), fried plantains, and fried yucca. The chicken was perfectly roasted and I loved the spicy green sauce on the side. I could definitely do without the tostones--for some reason I thought it could be like a chicken taco/sandwich but it didn't really hold it's shape or taste like anything. The plantains and yucca were your typical fried fare and a nice accompaniment.  I found the chicken to be just the right size but go ahead and order more chicken if you'd like. You could always have it for lunch the next day.
4	I rarely order chicken out, because we make it all the time at home.  But since this is a Chicken place....and the rotisserie chicken IS great.  If I lived in the neighborhood and wanted an easy, inexpensive dinner, I'd be a frequent patron.Tips:  Corn pancakes with cheese (arepa) are worth trying, but I don't know if I'd order again.  Given the price, we ordered 2, but 1 would have been more than enough.  I would skip the mixed vegetables - they looked like the frozen kind you get to make soup.  Plantains were extraodinary - almost desert-like.  My husband had the tostones, which were good, but not as good as the plantains.  Rice was very good; sometimes rice is a generic afterthought, but I really liked theirs.  I liked the Sangria, but if you're an anti-pulp person like me, you may not appreciate the tiny pieces of crunchy fruit (apple?) floating in it.  Last, beware of the hot green sauce!  A small taste will carry you through the rest of the meal.Ambiance:  dark interior with a small bar and TVs on the wall.  Small outdoor seating area facing the parking lot.Totally appropriate for kids.
5	This is one of the best places to get good food consistently in Charlotte. The fried yucca is awesome & the rice is some of the best I've had. But my fav thing abt pio pio is the garlic sauce. It is heavenly. Dip anything & everything  in it. It transforms the rotisserie chicken & adds so much flavor to the yucca & plantains. I will keep coming back here.
4	MMMM chicken! I am in love with PIO PIO!!  The chicken is flavorful, moist (I said it), and down right delicious. The plantains are slightly crunchy, sweet and with just a dash of added salt, pure perfection. And now, for the salad.  Whatever is in the dressing, I just want to drink it all day. The waitress said it was oil, vinegar and garlic. Maybe I look dumb, but she is withholding some ingredients. I MUST KNOW how to make this dressing. The fried calamari appetizer is HUGE and scrumptious. Even the marinara sauce has some flair.  I tried a tostone, but found it to be too greasy for my liking, however everyone else loved them. Go to Pio Pio.  You will just want to run around town saying "Pio Pio" all day because it is so delicious. Pio Pio!
2	I heard great things about Pio Pio's rotisserie chicken. The reviews I read (not on Yelp) just raved about the chicken. I really don't understand. I tell you I left the restaurant less than impressed. The food is okay but it's far from great. Although neither are horrible, the atmosphere isn't impressive and the staff isn't great. I'm in no hurry to return and may not.
5	Living in Huntersville we don't venture down into Charlotte all too often, with plenty of good eats close to home. But word on the street was that Pio Pio was the place to pack in the poultry, and when a Groupon-esque deal came my way I just had to take advantage and see what the cluck everyone was talking about.Pio Pio is hidden within a strip mall area, and not exactly the most likely place to find good eats. Don't let the location fool you...they are serving up fantastic food in that place! I like rotisserie chicken, be it from home, from Harris Teeter...heck, I'll even praise Boston Market! Yet the chicken at Pio Pio beats them all. We each got a 1/4 chicken combo and it was some of the best chicken I've ever had out. The chicken is succulent, moist, juicy, tender...basically cooked to perfection. The skin was an excellent, sinful indulgence that was too good to pass up. A combination of cooking technique and spices made this meal as good as it was. Here's a hint: let your server know if you prefer light or dark. Our server didn't ask and ended up placing a plate of dark meat in front of me and white meat in front of the miss'. Neither of us complained since that is what we would have ordered regardless, but I found it odd that they give different types of meat to customers without asking for preferences. Not only is the chicken great but the sides were pretty banging too. Ever since moving to the area I've been relatively disappointed with the rice and beans at most of the Mexican restaurants. I was shocked to find that best I've had wasn't at a typical Mexican joint but at Pio Pio. The rice is cooked PERFECTLY, with the right flavor and, more importantly (to me), the right texture. The beans are not refried mush, but actual beans in a gravy. A helpful hint is to pour those bad boys right into the rice, and you have yourself one heck of a side dish. The combo meal came with the chicken, rice, beans, and a choice of side. I chose to go with the yucca since I've never had it before, and I was glad I took the adventurous road. They fry the yucca like a french fry, but it's a thick brick instead of a little shoestring. The taste and texture is similar to a fry, but there's more substance to it, making it more filling. The miss' went with the plantains and they were down right tastetacular. Hot, sweet, carmelized plantains don't get much better than this. While I did enjoy the yucca, I would say the plantains are the way to go.The chicken portion is slightly skimpy, but they fill you up with heaping helpings of sides. If you are a  connoisseur  of the poultry arts I highly recommend checking this place out. Great food and definitely worth the price!
3	I cannot speak for the dining in service, as I have only gotten carry out here.  However, I can say, based on that, that Pio Pio is decent, but I expected a little better.I think it's a really great concept, and some of things here are pretty good.  Their chicken is fairly good, but I've had cheaper and better chicken before.  Their plantains are also delicious; lightly sweet and flavorful.  The best of the sides is definitely the rice and beans.  However, the yucca is just ok; it's like a thicker potato in texture, and kind of stringy.  The arepas are bland and quite disappointing.  Their lunch specials range from around $9-14, which I think is a little pricey for chicken and sides.  At dinner time, you can get a whole chicken, or you can also get a meal with sides.  The chicken alone is $10, or you can get a chicken combo for $25-35.  They also have other dinners available for $12-16 on average.  Their carry-out service is pretty quick as well.All in all, I think A-Ok describes how I feel about this place.
4	A local favorite of ours as it is literally right across the street from us...in fact I am looking out the window at it right now for inspiration.  It is a little bit hidden back in a strip mall which sounds bad but it's a nice strip mall...I mean c'mon it's Dilworth after all.  After you find it, parking is a breeze.We almost exclusively go for the rotisserie chicken and saffron rice.  You absolutely can't go wrong with those.  From there we tend to mix it up each time and maybe do some soup or fried yuca or something like that.  Portions are pretty big...we almost always have a to go box.  And come to think of it I don't believe we have ever had dessert there.  But I'm sure if we did we would like it as well.  We can usually get out of there for $25-$30 for 2 people which is pretty good for us.**update** we just ate at Pio Pio tonight and finally had dessert.  Got the tres leches and it was delish!  Another reason to like this place.We give it 4.5 machu picchu's out of 5
3	Winner of the Rod0 : "So-far-most-Original Chimichurri Sauce" and WOW was it good?  No it was FANTASTIC!!!  My Girlfriend also Fiancee said it was "hot" I kept adding a small pile of it to each bite (it made a mediocre dishes taste much better).  It was one of the most unique Sauces I have eaten!!!  Seems like each Culture has its version of the Sauce with the same name... This one seemed almost devoid of parsley and what made it so hot???  At the end of the meal I ate a few spoons on just the spoon... It was Hot!  Yummy!!!  5 stars for the "Chimichurri Sauce"!The Sweet Plantains were good too!  Sweet Plantains are same good everywhere I have eaten them!  The Yucca was good too!Purple Corn Juice was one of the Beverages and Blackberry Juice was the fuschia colored one!  My Girlfriend/Fiancee liked the #20 Chaufa Rice better than our food at Mily and Lalo -  I gave Mily & Lalo 5 yelp stars with ease... This Dish gets two and a half stars at best and the #15 Pollo Saltad with Yucca does not get any better than 2 yelp stars and maybe less!
4	This is where I come for comfort food. Their #1 is so satisfying -- the quarter chicken meal. But I do also love their fried rice. And everything goes down better with their home made hot sauce.
5	Our family of five got the Latin Combo-- full rotisserie chicken, fried plantains, salad, yucca, rice and beans.  All was delicious! The salad, topped with avocado and dressed with a tangy ( read mouthwatering) dressing was delicious! The plantains were perfect.  The rice and beans were fantastic.  Yucca dipped in the hot sauce... Divine!  My hubs and children devoured the chicken... Rave reviews- even from picky miss.  We had leftovers and, seriously, for a family of five to eat this delicious meal for a whopping $2600. almost made me feel guilty. Almost.We also had the tostones and guacamole as an appetizer. Perfectly fried. Tons of well made guacamole.  We may have found our Sunday night supper spot!Small interior. I would not bring really young or really loud children here.
4	Incredibly good chicken and salads. Very fresh and delicious. Try the spicy (green) salad dressing - it is one of the best dressings I've ever had. Will be back.
4	I searched Yelp b4 traveling last weekend to Charlotte and when I took my BFF out for dinner, we both enjoyed ourselves a lot. I had the steak & onions, rice /beans. She has their famous chicken and the slice that i tasted made me want to order take out. The atmosphere was nice and the aroma inside was breath taking. I also decided to order a chicken empanada and it almost burnt my tongue i was eating it so fast. Pricing was also affordable.. love this place. i'm back in nyc and will visit their locations here too..
4	Excellent quality.  We ordered the half chicken and chicken soup.  Everything was very flavorful and fresh.  A nice little place.  Recommended!
4	A friend of mine who has had Peruvian food before let me know that the french fries were suppose to be mixed in with the meal. Wow who knew, I went to google some pics and sure enough your suppose to mix it all together. Now I see why I was so confused you have this nice meal and fries as a side dish. I probably wouldn't have thought twice if they were mixed in - just assuming that's how the dish was supposed to be prepared.
5	Pio Pio is hands down one of my favorite places to eat in Dilworth.If you are sick order the #2 which is the most amazing homemade chicken soup.I personally love the #7 which is a thin steak with sauteed onions.  I always get double rice and no beans just because I would like to be buried in the rice and eat my way out one day... A lot of my friends stick with the classic chicken dish, and they love it.  The only thing I have ever eaten that I was unimpressed with were the porkchops...Oh and the amazing Tres Leches cake is a MUST for dessert... just sayin.
3	The food was tasty...loved the tostones and guac; good sauces.  I also found the chicken, and rice and beans to be very flavorful.  Unfortunately, I would have to give the service a C-, at best.  Initially seated near the door, I asked for a table change to avoid the cold draft.  The server responded with a rude, "No!".  Thankfully, another server accomodated the request.  No one asked if we needed refills on our drinks (we did).  When we were finally given our bill, we gave the server the coupon (which we told them we had upon being seated).  We waited and waited for the revised bill reflecting the discount.  The server finally returned to the table and said that if we weren't going to order anything else he would have to charge us for sitting at the table because the table was needed for other customers. (And no, he wasn't joking.) Excuse me???  We're waiting to pay YOU and you are going to charge us for "table time"?  They seemed to be certainly overwhelmed by the crowd---but, on a Friday evening what were they expecting?All said, because the food was good, and the reviews have been consistently favorable, I am going to give this place a second chance.  I just will make sure to avoid them during peak times (no Friday or Saturday evening or lunch time!).
4	I am a Floridian....or as my boyfriend calls me a "Floridiagan".....so I grew up on Cuban/Colombian fare.  I am addicted to their roasted chicken with the side of rice, black beans, and plantains.  Their sauces are ridiculously tasty!  Prices are decent, with coming out completely stuffed for under $10.  They also serve wine/beer.  It's a simple establishment with a small dining area, but it's perfect for those of us searching out a "gem" to eat at in Dilworth!
2	This is a hard review for me to write, my experience here was polarizing. I hate to knock a restaurant for mediocre service, but as soon as we sat down, it took fifteen minutes to get drinks, and another table received their food despite arriving after us. This was on a Tuesday night, they were only moderately busy, and they do not require reservations. No excuses, the staff was friendly, but the service was very slow. The papaya juice was nauseating. Maybe it was my palate, but the milk with it tasted rancid. Drinks and service aside, the food is above average. I ordered the 1/4 chicken dinner with beans and plantains. The saffron rice complements the chicken well, and the beans are flavorful and filling, albeit a little too salty. The chicken is excellent, tender and juicy, but not as large of a portion as I had hoped. The redeeming factor is their plantains, sweet and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I could eat a bucket of these, they were seriously that good! And the dipping sauces are great too, but for some reason they were brought with the drinks, thirty minutes before our food was brought. Weird. It's hard to find restaurants like this in Charlotte, certainly unique, and overall pretty tasty. Just don't waste two hours of your time eating there, do what the locals do and order it to go.
4	PIO PIO! Fun to say. Ok I'll get this straight from the start: If you go here and you are vegetarian, don't expect a smorgasbord of options. Expect exactly 0 options, unless you modify something. They have 1 thing on the menu you can easily order (the #2) and you have to change out the chicken soup for salad. Or you can order all sides, but they are each about $4 so it adds up quick for a few veggies. That said: My salad was delicious and thoughtful, with a nice home made creamy dressing and everything chopped and lovely, not a cheap iceburg lettuce salad a lot of places throw your way. (side note: it was stuffed into a small bowl overflowing, which is fine, but that always gives me anxiety because you have to be careful not to look like a pig spilling salad out of a tiny bowl onto your table, and I'm a pig who spills things all the time so this is a touch-n-go mix for me, give me a big plate!). The plantains were DELICIOUS. Holy bejesus. Fried to a light crisp and so fresh and sweet! I actually had MORE plantains than I could eat. I didn't think that was possible. Beyond that they served me a fresh avocado half, and some tasty rice. The rice was a bit plain but they had a spicy buttery sauce that I mixed in and it jacked it up nicely. It was a very healthy lunch and well prepared. A bit pricy for lunch, since I forked up $11 after tip, but ok on occasion to do that.
4	We ordered pickup tonight and it was great. They quoted 15 minutes and upon arrival the check and food were ready. We got home and enjoyed the 1/4 chicken and arroz con pollo combos. Both great, served with rice and beans and a choice of plantains, yucca, or a salad. The salad was light and had a nice dressing. The chicken was warm and had a good seasoning to it, fell off the bone, delicious! The rice was great and the beans an added bonus. I will definitely be back!
4	This place is a true hidden treasure in the Dilworth area!It's not very often that I'm in Dilworth, but a friend of mine told me to give this place a try for some of the best rotisserie chicken I've ever tasted. And this place did not disappoint at all! We stopped in on Sunday afternoon, we were greeted when we walked in and led to our seat. The first thing I noticed was that the interior was very small, with wooden tables and chairs. But they do have a small outside seating area which I'm sure is very nice for the summer time. But don't let the small interior fool you, this place gets packed! Anyway, after being led to our seat and given our menu, I already knew what I wanted to try...Dinner combo #1 which comes with a quarter chicken, rice and beans, and plantains. When the drinks were brought out, we also were presented with two sauces one white and one green, I'm not sure what they were called but they were very delicious. The green sauce had a nice kick to it, and with the chicken and plantains...it is a perfect compliment. Oh My Goodness....that chicken was heavenly! I mean, seriously it was fall off the bone good!   It was all the things perfectly cooked rotisserie chicken should be, moist, tender, hot and seasoned perfectly! The rice and beans were delicious as well, I mixed my beans in the rice and together with the chicken and sauces each bite got better and better. I only wish I had followed my boyfriend's suggestion and ordered a half chicken, like he did because it was soooo good I wanted more. Awesome place! Delicious food! Definitely look forward to another trip!
4	When we pulled up to the restaurant, I was a bit put off because it was one, in a strip mall and two, looked like a cheap Chinese restaurant. I was think, man I hope this place is any good. It is small inside, and does remind me of a nicer Chinese restaurant, but I was willing to give it a try. I ordered an arepa as an appetizer and I loved it! My friend thought it was plain, but I like plain food so I was happy. But the highlight was the roasted chicken I ordered. It was juiciest chicken I've had a restaurant. I got plantains on the side and they were just perfect. We also shared a sangria, I forgot the name of it, but it was delicious and wonderfully sweet. When I'm back in Charlotte, I'm definitely returning to Pio Pio!
5	I live really close to Pio Pio but hadn't been until Saturday night. For some reason, I was turned off by the location and the fairly simple menu...what a fool am I! This is a Charlotte gem. The place was packed on Saturday night, but we were able to be seated after a pretty quick wait.My boyfriend and I were deciding between a few choices and sides, but then he spotted the Latin American combo: a full rotisserie chicken, yuca, plantains, salad, and rice & beans for $27. That is a steal. We had no idea about portion size so also got an arepa with sausage. The sausage was a link on the side, not in the arepa, and it was amazing. Kind of chorizo-esque with a good kick. The salad had a big portion of avocado and a delicious dressing. The CHICKEN, my goodness, the chicken. Amazing. We ate ourselves silly and still had a big box of leftovers to take home. Oh, and the sangria is pretty delish, too.See you soon, Pio Pio!
5	Love this place! super friendly staff, great food! A must try :) btw. I worked here like 2 yrs ago, only for about 2 months though lol (i had some extra time in my hands so I took it as a second job) the kitchen is so clean!! (at least back then) They use fresh ingredients. I always like to take my friends and family there :)Also, try the sangria :) soo yummi
4	SO GOOD!!! I did not dine in I ordered take out. It took a little longer than expected to get my food but it was well worth it when I got home. I order the roasted chicken, rice, beans, & fried yucca! BOOM, Delicious! How could something so simple be that good??? Pio Pio knows what they are doing! Everything was full of flavor! Then portion size is not the typical over the top like other Spanish restaurants. But for the price that you are paying it is worth it. I will be back.
4	Pio Pio was recommended by a friend a few months ago. A group of us went to dinner there and shut the place down. They have affordable wine and sangria, and it is not loud at all, so it's the perfect place for a casual dinner with friends.And the food is amazing. If you've never been you definitely need to get the chicken on your first trip. The rice and beans are so good (some restaurants just mail those traditional sides in) and they are seasoned well with saffron (rice) and whatever is in the beans I just want to drink up. The ripe plantains and tostones are excellent as well. And the chicken is deliciously roasted and the skin is nice and crispy. The side sauces they bring To the table with your meal are the perfect accompniant: ones has a slow burn spiciness and the other is mild for those who don't like spicy (as a tip, they make great dipping sauces for your plantains and tostones).On my most recent visit we went for lunch, so unfortunately no wine or sangria was involved. I ordered the salad for a bit lighter option, with a side of tostones (obvi). The salad was fresh and delicious and I basically hit the avocado jackpot (I think there was a whole sliced avocado on my salad). My salad was made complete with a generous helping of shredded chicken on top. The tostones were crispy and satisfying.I would not go her all the time because I would probably order chicken in some variety, but when I have a craving for well made chicken and rice, this is my spot.
4	I went to Pio Pio with my husband on a weekday afternoon and LOVED it!!  It tasted like authentic Latin American food. We had the rotisserie chicken, rice, beans, and plantains. It was delicious!!  We need more places like this closer to where we live in the University area. I cleaned my plate!!  The only negative for me was that the food tasted a bit salty....more than I am used to. The restaurant appeared very clean and overall it was a nice, comfortable dining experience. I would without hesitation go back again.
2	I didn't hate Pio Pio, but I didn't like it enough to go back either. The food was just OK. The chicken was pretty dry, the plantains we mushy and greasy. I did enjoy the Yuca and the salad that comes with the combos. Service, however, was HORRIBLY SLOW. We went at 8pm on a Friday night. A large group of people stood huddled by the door waiting to put our names on a list and wondering why the hostess wasn't seating people at the two empty tables available. After sitting, it took about ten minutes before someone stopped by to get our drink orders.
5	I returned to Pio Pio with my family on a Friday night to see if the food would be as good as it was on the weekday afternoon that we tried it. It was even better!!  I ordered the same thing: chicken, red beans, yellow rice and plantains and it was just as delicious, and thankfully not as salty, as my weekday experience. Although it was really crowded and the food took a little bit to come out it was worth the wait. My daughter had the pork chop with rice and plantains and didn't like it as much as the chicken, but nevertheless she said she would return and order the rotisserie chicken next time. It appears to me that this place is consistently good, and is quickly becoming one of my absolute favorites.  Try it, you won't be disappointed.
3	Unfortunately, we got this to-go, and perhaps some of the food/tostones got cold/stale. Chicken very tasty; side dishes were ok. I didn't think chicken was that much better than Costco rotisserie chicken.  The sauces were delish, and made everything OK.
4	Had dinner at Pio Pio a few weeks ago after reading rave reviews on Yelp and a few food blogs. The restaurant had a few other tables full when we arrived, a mix of couples, families, people dropping by for take out, and a Bring Me That delivery employee waiting for a delivery order. I ordered the 1/4 chicken white meat meal with rice, beans, and plantains. My husband got the 1/4 dark with yucca. Everything was great! The chicken was super flavorful, even bites without skin tasted like the marinade/seasonings they use. The rice, as many other reviewers have mentioned, is delicious - the saffron flavor is definitely noticeable, but not overpowering (I love saffron, so I was not surprised that the rice was one of my favorite parts of the meal -  a close second to the chicken.) The plantains and yucca sides were both great, too. We live nearby, so I'm sure we'll be dining in and picking up to go orders regularly.
2	This was my first visit to the restaurant. My friends took me there for a very casual impromptu birthday lunch. The food was good but the service was horrible. The gentleman waiting on us was extremely rude.  I did not want my friends to feel bad for bringing me there for my birthday so I tolerated it. Any other day I would not accept such poor customer service and would have left promptly.  It's  unfortunate because I really enjoyed the food; however,  I will not be back.
5	I went here for my birthday dinner just for the plantains! They are delicious.Pio pio has a pretty cool selection of juices, if you're feeling adventurous - check some out!My go to meal is the #1, 1/4 chicken, rice, beans and plantains. Just enough food for me at a good price. Be on the lookout for specials with groupon or living social to save some money as well!
5	Amazing. Pio Pio was my favorite spot when visiting NY.  Finding it here in Charlotte is a total score!!!  I know many people who would travel far and wide for "the green sauce"
5	The food here is amazing and great service. Everything I've tried is delicious, the chicken, plantains w/ guacamole, rice, and beans. YUM this is a go to place for dinner.
5	Delicious! Favorite food in Charlotte. I normally get the white meat quarter chicken, salad, beans and rice meal. Everything I've tried is great. We eat in and order take out all the time. It's kinda pricey but worth it.
1	Worst ceviche I have ever experienced in my life. Probable -stars. One of the more expensive items on the menu which was of kid size.
1	I actually love Pio Pio's food, but I will never patronize them again after tonight. Tried to place a pickup order, which had a few hiccups in itself. When we went to pick up, we got a very weird cold vibe, with the employees we dealt with not making eye contact or saying more than 2 words to us. After waiting a little too long to get our order that was already sitting on the counter, the guy opens each box and verbally confirms what we ordered. Getting home, one entire half of our order was actually just a big salad that we did not order...he definitely saw this. We called back and said we are coming back to get our chicken, will it be ready when we get there? Yes of course. Arrive back at Pio Pio and, just kidding, they are out of chicken (yeah right). Obviously angry at this point and asking for a refund, they said they didn't run the card so there's no need, when we earlier watched them run it and signed for it. We asked for some kind of proof of this, and they could provide none. Whether the charge shows up or not, we believe that they saw that the order was wrong, didn't feel like re-making anything at closing time, and sent us home knowing that. Why they told us to come back to the restaurant only to turn us away 5 minutes later I don't know. It was nice know you, Pio Pio, but I'll just drive farther to get this kind of food from someplace that is run by people who give a crap from now on.
2	I am giving Pio Pio a low score but I take the responsibility.  Instead of ordering the things that received the best reviews, like the meat platters and heavier South American dishes, my wife and I opted for the ceviches since the weather was very warm.  Our mistake was not understanding that Columbian ceviche comes swimming in an approximation of thousand island dressing and not simply in the usual citrus juice and herbs.  So it was just too goopy to be good.  We also had the shrimp in garlic with tostones which were great so, perhaps we try again and order smarter.
3	Sangria-awesome.Rotisserie chicken-Costco's is better...honestly.Plantains and other sides were ok.Atmosphere inside is decent but its in a strip mall so that takes away from it.  Service was good until they got busy and then we had to search for our waitress a few different times for water refills, etc.
5	Pure awesomeness.  Great little hole in the wall.  I've been eating here for a couple of years.  Love the rotisserie chicken.  I usually get #13 for lunch.  Go to Pio Pio!
2	One side of my family is Peruvian. I'm sorry, but this is NOT a good example of Peruvian food. I was excited to bring someone from out-of-state here and was so disappointed in the food. There are much better Peruvian restaurants than this in Charlotte, so try others first.
5	My husband and I found this restaurant thanks to a Living Social coupon and it has been a favorite ever since. We regularly take out-of-town visitors because it is a go-to spot for us.The space is kind of small but we have never had an issue having our party, big or small, accommodated in a timely manner.Sometimes there is a slight "language barrier" with some of the servers. It can be tough to understand some of the servers when asking questions, but they are always polite and quick with service.One of our favorite items to order is the appetizer platter with a side of tostones and guacamole. My husband and I will often make a meal out of it! Tostones, arepa, frankfurters, pork belly, sauteed potatoes and more paired with the chimichurri sauce is fantastic!Other great options for a family are the combos. The pricing is very affordable and you get to try a ton of sides. We love the rice and beans as well as the Yuca.Coupon or not, this place is a must try!
5	I am usually one not to venture out to many restaurants outside of my comfort zone but a friend of mine recommended Pio Pio and wow, I owe her the world! This is hands down the best rotisserie chicken! I always get the #1 which is a piece of chicken, rice, beans, and choice of side. The 'tostones' are little fried plantain slices and are delicious in the white garlic sauce served with each dish. You can also request only white meat for $.75 more. Definitely worth checking out! I am sure you have driven by it a thousand times!
4	Review for take out. Went here twice for take out. Wanted to order food and take it to Freedom Park for a picnic.Reason selected Pio Pio was the name which reminds me of the Pio Pio in Jackson Heights, Queens. The best for Peruvian food with a pitcher of Sangria and live music at night.We ordered 1/2 chicken with plantains, rice and beans. Chicken was cooked to perfection each time. My favorite is definitely the plantains.Will have to stop by for dinner the next time.
1	They close at 10pm.   We got there at 9:15 and the host refuses to seat and serve us.  Will never go back there and give them anymore business.
3	I went here expecting the "best rotisserie chicken in town"!! Well, meh is what I say to that. It wasn't the best but it wasn't the worse. I did not taste the 'unique' sauce the menu claims it is marinated in. I can get the same kind of chicken from Sam's Club. Service was mediocre. I believe my server was playing Candy Crush in the corner. I love trying out new restaurants but I won't be back.
1	Although the food is excellent, I refuse to spend another dime in this establishment. Each time I've visited, the customer service has been poor. It's almost as if the servers believe brusque abrupt service is acceptable in a restaurant setting.  I will not return to endure their impatience and subpar demeanors.  They're not the only game in town.
5	I love love the Rotisserie  chicken, rice & beans! I always pickup my order! Their green salsa is the best! They have the best chicken in town
5	So delicious! My sis and I love this place!
5	A local favorite, worth traveling for.  The rotisserie chicken is moist and delicious every time.   The white sauce is drinkable (use on salads, chicken and rice). The restaurant has a nice atmosphere to eat in and take out is easy.  The hole fried fish is very good- big for one, modest to share.  The empanadas are great, a bargain at 1.50 each!  They call them chicken/beef patties (???).  Not a yucca fan, but they do it authentically.  The fried plantains are very good, but huge portion, enough for four to share.
4	My husband and I were invited to try this little Peruvian restaurant with another couple that had found them on social living.  Having no concept of what Peruvian food was we were a little reluctant at first but agreed to branch out! (SPOILER ALERT::: SO WORTH IT) Since there were four of us eating we decided to order the Matador Combo (a dinner option for 4 people).  It came with a whole rotisserie chicken (2 dark meat pieces and 2 white meat pieces), salad with amazing tangy dressing, rice and beans that you can mix together, frankfurters and fries, tostones and ripe plantains. The food came out in family style and the portions were very large. Surprisingly we had left overs and we were all stuffed! I recommend the combos because of the variety of food you get to try. The restaurant was smaller inside that I was anticipating but had a cozy feel. We ate at about 1pm, so not right during the Sunday lunch rush, and there was only 1 table available. The service was great though! We never had an empty drink and we were always asked if there was anything that we needed. I hate that we live so far away from this location, if we lived closer we would be eating there often!
5	Good Spanish/Peruvian food with succulent rotisserie chicken as their signature dish.  I go to their other location in Ballantyne but this location in Dillworth is better. They have more traffic so the chicken is not as dry.Tostones with special sauces taste pretty good. The salad had good tangy dressing.  Definitely recommend this place.
5	This review is long overdue.  My husband and I got married on September 20, 2013 and had Pio Pio cater the reception.  The Ballantyne location did the catering, but we had our first date at the Pio Pio on East because it was my husband's favorite restaurant and it quickly became my favorite!  The food is delicious, best rotisserie chicken I have ever had, along with the chaufa rice and salad, not to mention the sauces!  They were punctual, professional and Ceasar personally delivered and helped setup the food.  My husband and I and our guests loved it and were so happy with everything!  Ceasar was great and I believe it was Ruby who worked with me us in placing the order.  We try to eat there a few times a month, we are customers for life!
5	A place I have loved and frequented for years now. The service has slumped since they opened their new location, but the food is still great, simple Peruvian cuisine.Go for the number 10 with rice and beans.
4	Tasty home style Peruvian dishes. I can't speak to the authenticity, but it is good. Fresh chicken served in a variety of dishes. I recommend the arroz con pollo, served with vegetables mixed into the dish. Substitute yucca for fries, and be sure to ask for more of the delicious garlic sauce.
5	Salad eaters--listen up. I just devoured this salad for lunch and I have a feeling it's going to be in my regular salad rotation. A large portion of lettuce with shredded rotisserie chicken, generous amount of avocado, and the world's best salad dressing. A simple yet incredibly delicious salad. It comes with fries on the menu, but I recommend ordering plantains instead and tossing a few in! Super yum.
5	Awesome food. Service is great during the day. The younger staff at night not so good. I only eat there during the day now. Which is a shame. It would be a great dinner date but the younger wait staff are too busy hugging up on each other in the corner. Best chicken, soup, rice and salad!!!!
5	I went because of all the raves on yelp and I wasn't let down. I went with my parents and we were all very satisfied. You get a lot for your money. The chicken soup is amazing! It has plantains and potatoes in it with a cilantro broth. The chicken is also very tasty! My dad wouldn't stop raving about the beans and I must say they were very flavorful and above average. Service was excellent as well and food came out fast. The sauces are great! I can't wait to go back soon!
4	I have been going to Pio Pio since the week I moved to Charlotte, three years ago, and I have never been disappointed by their wonderfully tender and juicy chicken. Hailing from Miami, I was unbelievably excited when someone told me about this Peruvian restaurant that served fried yuca, tostones, plantains, and arepas. I immediately went to check it out and thank goodness I did! Their rotisserie chicken is ALWAYS tender and juicy and cooked just right and the skin is perfectly seasoned with just the right amount of crunch. Then there is their sauces..mmmm. Right away they serve these two sauces (one green, one white) and I have no clue what they are but you want to drench everything you get with them. The white one is delicious on their salads, which added bonus: comes with some sliced avocado on top for a nice little touch. The restaurant is fairly small and can pack up pretty quickly. Also, once something must have happened because the entire place was filled with smoke and now I have a friend who will only eat outside. However, the service is always a little above average but frankly, it normally wouldn't hurt to add an extra person. I love coming to Pio Pio for a quick but delicious meal. I love it so much, I even went to the one in New York last time I was up there!
5	We tried Pio Pio a few weeks ago and it was everything we expected and more. We ordered the rotisserie chicken meal with all of the sides, and everything was outstanding. First came the salad with avocado and a tangy homemade dressing. It was refreshing and flavorful! Then came the main course...and it did not disappoint. The generously sized chicken was moist and succulent. The yucca, beans and rice were all delicious, especially when accompanied by their creamy dipping sauces (the green one is quite spicy). My favorite way to finish a Peruvian meal is with sweet plantains, and Pio Pio's were perfect. Nicely caramelized on the outside and soft on the inside. We left very satisfied with plenty of leftovers for lunch the next day. I highly recommend stopping by!
4	The food here is incredible. Everyone is raving about the rotisserie chicken, but they have so many other awesome things to try, like the corn cakes, empanadas, and, my favorite, the Montanero Platter! This place does not disappoint.The only reason for the four stars instead of five is that the service is always insanely bad. Maybe it's just a different, more laid-back mentality, but you learn pretty fast to go ahead and ask for everything you could possibly want when you order, because you won't have another opportunity to ask for anything until the food comes, which is your last shot.
4	Overall the food is pretty good and the service is decent. The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is quaint. I love their tres leches and the white sauce for the chicken it's a must try!
5	Pio Pio honestly blew me away. I wasn't expecting everything I ordered to be so consistently delicious. The rotisserie chicken was fall-off-the-bone tender and oh so flavorful, and the beans were really something. Another person in my party ordered the seafood platter which was huge! The prices were very reasonable for the very generous portions they give. We finished up with the Tres Leches which rocked my socks off. I can't wait to go back!
4	Food is pretty good. the only reason why I give them four stars is because they only give you a small amount of food for the price.
5	Great eats! Had some chicken dish with wine sauce, amazing flavor.
5	Absolutely amazing chicken! Delicious salads with avocado, and great sauces! Can't go wrong here, this is a staple in dilworth for sure!
1	I love the food but their service is SO BAD.  Like you've got to be kidding me bad.  I've stopping in here due to that reason.  And if you call an order in, tell them a pickup time about 10 minutes earlier than you actually need it - otherwise expect to wait.
5	The food, customer service, and atmosphere I went back for seconds on the same night! I ordered the #20 on the menu it was fabulous. I think it's called Chaurra Mix! I definitely will return to this location!
5	Delicious Peruvian food with lots of options for side dishes. Their chicken was so flavorful and juicy that just melts in your mouth! Ive been to the one in New York also and its definitely has the same consistency! Great food and service.
5	This is a good alternative to A Piece Of Havana, they are both about the same when it comes to quality, and service.
4	I adore the rotisserie chicken.
3	If it weren't for the location and the food, I probably wouldn't come back here. The service is consistently unfriendly, the chickens good.
2	Being Peruvian, I wanted to find good authentic Peruvian food. We ordered the Jaela, a seafood platter and the Lomo Saltado, a steak and rice dish. The lomo saltado had an overwhelming taste of wine which is in all my life of eating Peruvian food, I have never had lomo saltado cooked in wine. Highly uncharacteristc. The jaela had pieces of octopus that were uncooked. In fact, half of the pieces of seafood I got in the platter were uncooked or chewy in texture but not in a good way. Not saying that the restaurant was awful, but if someone is expecting TRUE authentic Peruvian food, this is not the place I would go too.
5	After 5 months in Charlotte and trying out various restaurants I can say that Pio Pio is my FAVORITE restaurant here. I get the 1/4 chicken dinner -- once with tostones and once with plantains. AWESOME. The chicken is perfectly cooked and the tostones and plantains are nice and sweet. Then there is the savory beans. Never have enough room for the rice. Haha. I'm sure other stuff here must be good too -- but can't resist the chicken!
2	Maybe they serve roosters instead of chickens, because the owner is a total COCK!Good food.  Horrible service.  I have been here many times with no major issues.... until I tried to use a Groupon voucher.  The server absolutely refused to accept the voucher without it being printed out.  He insisted that the rules on the voucher stated that it had to be printed out.  This was not the case nor does it make any sense.  I was not about to waste the money that I had spent on the voucher so a couple of weeks later I called in an order for takeout that I planned to use the Groupon for. I had no desire to dine in there again.  This time I had it printed out. Upon arrival the same server berated me, telling me that he was a part owner and that if I didn't want to follow the rules that I shouldn't come back.  I slid the printout across the bar as asked him to show me where it stated that I needed to have the certificate printed.  He, of course, could find no mention of this and insisted that this was not a certificate from the same company that I had tried to use the prior time that I had been there.  Yeah, because I'm going to buy more vouchers to a restaurant that treats its customers this poorly.  He was simply dead wrong but refused to admit it.  The rudeness was unacceptable.  Yeah they have good food.  But there are plenty of other places with tasty cuisine in the area that lack the Douche Factor.
5	I went to Pio Pio for the first time the other day for lunch and I will definitely be back! The chicken was delicious and I had tostones with the green spicy sauce- awesome! You will not be disappointed!! Prices are very good as well
5	Ate there last night and it was fantastic!  The food was hot, the beer was cold - served in a frosty mug! Try the bacon and corn bread appetizer.
2	This is definitely not a Peruvian restaurant, because they only serve a couple of Peruvian dishes. The service was good but the food was not. The chicken was extremely dry, I think it was from the day before. The arroz chaufa was not good at all. The only goo thing were the plantains and the tostones were delicious. The arepas were too dry too. I dont think I will be back at all.
5	Best rotisserie chicken in Charlotte.  Try out the Chaufa rice dish and their fantastic Peruvian ceviche'.  If you want white meat: better let them know or you'll be stuck sucking on a thigh.  Still worth it!Best for lunch.
1	The food is good here, but nothing ruins a restaurant like bad customer service. I had a Groupon deal and they lied to me and said it was only worth half its value, because it was towards the end the month. It is never ok to cheat your customers.
5	Nice atmosphere with South American background music. Food was served very quickly. We ordered a combo with a whole chicken, three appetizers/sides and salad. But my husband and I couldn't finish it for lunch because the portion was big.
5	AMAZING!!!!!!!! I live in jacksonville FL. I usually go to orlando and Miami for good Spanish food. But this place was the best! Blew orlando out of the water. We had the sampler to start. Which included an arepa, tostones, steak, pork and sausage. Simply amazing. We drank a pitcher of sangria which was sooo good and for meals I hed the grilled skirt steak with rice and beans and maduros. The beans were delicious.  I will be returning to this place without a doubt. Reviews say that the service was poor but we had a waitress named Jocelyn who was more than helpful :-)
3	I have heard about this place for nearly as long as I have lived in the area and finally got to try it out.I got the 1/4 Chicken with rice, beans and plantains. All of it was good but I wasn't blown away like people suggested I would be.Honestly I found the chicken a little greasy, the sauces overly spicy where it was more of an accomplishment to eat rather than an enjoyable accomplice to the meal (and I regularly eat spicy food) and the beans to be not worth my time.The plantains were delicious and the ther servers were very attentive. One nice thing that they did was they did not have enough plantains for both of our plates. So, they gave me my portion and put two on my friend's plate so they could get the meals out. They then brought a side plate with the rest of the plantains when they were finished. It was a well thought out move on the part of the staff.My friend had the chicken soup and said it was very very good especially when she spooned some broth into the rice and mashed in some avacado.This place is certainly worth checking out, and a place I'll likely return to, but did not like enough to be a regular.
