4	Last night I went to Giada's Italian Cucina in Henderson, NV for the first time with a party of 11 for a birthday party. Let me start out by saying the food was AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS! The bread came to the table hot with an olive Tepanade in oil. The problem was they didn't give us enough bread, and certainly not fast enough. They had a mini bread oven that could not accommodate the crowd. BUT the food was unbelievable! The bread, salad, calamari, muscles, anti pasta, pizza, Penne AL la Vodka, and Chicken Giada, eggplant parmigiana, were all amazingly good! The NY Cheesecake, Tiramisu, and Cannolis continued to pleasure our tastebuds......The only draw back was since the restaurant can only accommodate about 40 people, and we had a party of 11, it seemed a bit tight with the seating, the bread was in short supply and the waitress was overwhelmed with the crowd...This would not stop me from returning to the restaurant although, I would not go with a large crowd again. One other issue was the owner got a little sassy with my stepdaughter when she asked for steak which was not on the menu, but was in a review in Giada's review section. That was dissapointing. But again, the food was too good not to go back, and the waitress tried very hard not to show her stress level. This restaurant is a MUST TRY IT!!
5	Last night,I took my girl friend to Giada's.We both loved it! I had the lobster ravioli,which had nice size chunks of lobster meat inside.The bread and garlic dipping sauce was amazing!We also took a pizza to go for my dates daughter.Needless to say I scored major points with my date and her daughter.Plan to go back soon.Gary
5	Great place, just had some awesome stuffed mushroom with gorgonzola cheese,tomatoes with mozzarella on top. Tried the Rigatoni Bolognese and it is the best sauce and the amount served was perfect. My friend had the spaghetti and meatballs and raved about them. They include a great salad. The bread and dipping was great too.. I will be back with friends. Can't wait to try their other items on the menu.Thanks to Lou the owner And Sabby our waitress for a great meal.
5	We took my sister in law here for her birthday dinner which was a risky since none of us had been here or really heard anything about this place.  Luckily it was a hit with everyone and we all loved our meals.  Service was great too, we had a very personable waitress.  We will be back!
4	Delicious!  Heather was very refreshing, and it was a pleasure meeting the gracious owner and hearing about how Giada's came to be.  We were late for our reservation, so it really meant a lot that they were so accommodating.We started with calamari and fresh bread, which were good.  I think we ordered about 3 additional baskets of bread!The Chicken di Alexander and Shrimp Olvera were both very tasty.  Even the side salads were fresh and enjoyable- not just a thrown-together afterthought like at some other restaurants.The only reason I'm withholding a star is because they only serve beer and wine- we're much more of a cocktail group.  Otherwise, it was great!
3	I visited here based on the reviews and think that it was ok.  The service was good and the food was just good, not great. The salad that came with our entree was ok. Fresh grated cheese on my $30 menu item would have made sense to me not grated cheese out of a jar.  When asking for a wine menu, she rather figure out what you want (not sure if they don't have them typed up or not).  Asked for Proseco, .. did not have, then any sparkling wine, did not have, then settled on a wine that was no longer on the list that she told us about.  I probably won't go back but am glad we tried it.
5	After Dana and I spotted this restaurant on Groupon, we decided it was time to try out a new Italian joint. We were absolutely not dissappointed!The moment we walked into the door, we were greeted by a gentleman and taken to our table. He introuduced himself as the owner, which I thought was awesome. The waitress, Heather, came by a moment later and brought us some fresh bread with an olive dip and our drinks. She was just as nice as the owner, and did a great job throughout the night.For an appetizer, we had the Mozzerella Sticks ($8), which were amazing. One order consisted of five sticks, which were way larger than your average mozzerella stick and tasted great.Both of our entrees came with a leafy salad that was covered in a tasty house dressing, I want to say vinigarette, but I can't rightly remember. In any case, I normally don't like leafy salad at all, but this one was wonderful!For dinner, Dana had the Rigatoni Bolognese ($17) and I had a 14 oz. Strip Steak that came with Fettucini Alfredo and skewers of Peppers and Mushrooms ($34). They were both excellent as well. Lastly, we had a cannolli ($8). It was FABULOUS! It had a soft shell, and was covered in chocolate and powdered sugar. If it weren't so tasty, there would have been no way we would have been able to cram it down after the entrees.We will DEFINENTLY be coming back to Giada's soon! Hopefully, sometime in the next week!
5	Giada's Italian Cucina is wonderful!  I had never heard of it until I saw a Groupon for it a couple of months ago. I am so glad my husband and I decided to try it.  It is a cozy, beautiful little restaurant with a great atmosphere, tucked away in Anthem. The owner was very welcoming and the waitress was very friendly and attentive.For dinner I ordered the Shrimp Olvera, which was a Chef's special.  It was linguine served with jumbo shrimp and scallops and topped with a light alfredo sauce.  It was delicious!  My husband ordered the eggplant parmesan and it was also very good.  Our entrees were served with delicious field greens salads topped with roasted peppers, red onions, tomatoes and mozzarella. It was also served with bread, olive oil, and olive tapenade.  The olive tapenade was very flavorful and one of the best we have tasted.  We were too full to eat dessert, but we will definitely try it next time!You can tell that the owner cares about the business and his customers.  We enjoyed Giada's and we will definitely be back to try some other Italian favorites!
5	My wife and I tried this gem last night because we had a Groupon. It's a cozy, classy little joint. We were greeted by the owner within seconds and seated shortly after. Our waitress greeted us warmly and mentioned some recommendations on the menu. There didn't seem to much of an established wine list. She rattled off some house varietals, but nothing specific. We asked her for a bottle of white and she returned with an Italian Chardonnay which ended up being delicious and well priced. We were started off with some tasty ciabatta bread with olive oil and a dollop of the best olive tapenade I've ever had. Dinner comes with a fresh spinach and romaine salad that was vibrant and refreshing. The menu is mostly Italian staples, with a few unique dishes. As a pescetarian I'd like to see another fresh fish and a few more vegetarian items, but the eggplant parmesan I had and seafood pasta my wife had were both excellent. The portions were big, but not overwhelming. We were too stuffed to try dessert.Bottom line:The atmosphere is sleek, but warm.The owner seems humble and engaged in his restaurant.Our server made us feel like we were regulars.The food is simple and well executed.A new favorite. Looking forward to bringing friends and family here.
4	This ain't Olive Garden.....Funny, when we came in here, we were asked if we had reservations and only about 3-4 tables were full.  I kinda thought they were joking, and said, no we don't, is it okay or do we have to go to Olive Garden.  Anyway, of course they were ready to accommodate us and boy did they get busy quick.1.  Service - I am not sure, but it seems that the owners are the one to meet and greet you. They know their stuff and are very pleasant. I really felt at home.2.  Clientele - Seems to be a lot of regulars. You know what that means!  People looking for good quality and good value keep coming back.3.  The food - Bread and Olives - Wow, I kept eating the Olive dip that they made. No idea of the proper name, yet it was amazing.Salads - Nice mixed green salad with parmesan cheese and other bits like roasted peppers and onions.Calamari - Light, crispy tender morsels of squid.  This was recommended by the owner and it was nice.Lasagna - The wife had this, her standby favorite and she enjoyed it.Steak Filet - Had the steak which was named also after the owner I believe. I cannot recall the name. I am a huge converted Filet person, as normally I prefer Rib Eye.  More tasty, more succulent, more tender. I originally was going to order their equivalent of the Cioppino and they recommended the Steak. It was okay for me. A lot of sauce, I wanted it med rare and I thought it was well done. A bit chewy for my taste.  However, the taste was pleasant, the service great, the people very friendly, so I ate it.  Not my most favorite Filet in Las Vegas, yet okay.4.  Dolci and Vino - We did not have any of the dessert as we were going back to the house for dessert and coffee.  On the wine, we did not have any, however, I did overhear others ordering and I think it is best to ask what the owners have , as they may have certain wines depending on what they like and pair with their menu.5.  The bill - Our friend paid for us as it was the wife's birthday. It seemed that they were quite busy and had others waiting, so I got the sense the bill came quickly and then the owners come by to ask you so nicely and courteously if all was good and they hope you come back.  Very cool, and I really did not feel like i was being asked kindly to leave so they can turn the table.....I will try this place again. I enjoyed it.  For now, I give this place a 3.5 star, so I round it to 4 and we shall see next time I come... if it is a 4 or not....
3	As mentioned by another Yelper, once we walked in, we were greeted and asked if we had a reservation. I overheard that there was a special for making a reservation and being sat before 6pm, but that was all. I could not make out anything else.While we did not have an allotted time, we were sat quickly. Those who do not call ahead, or use Open Table, were sat at the front of the restaurant. This is not a bad spot by no means, because people walking in and out did not cause a stir. Some places, the door table is a dreaded spot, but I hardly noticed anyone until the staff greeted them.The food is ok. Fresh warm bread with an olive tapanade is served right away. We started with the calamari appetizer ($11). The squid was tender and fried to a light brown. It would be perfect if it possessed some flavor. Neither the batter nor sauce tasted like much. No lemon to spruce it up either. My friend ordered the Veal Florentine ($24) and it was lackluster. For this price, it was rather skimpy. The sauteed spinach with garlic was fantastic. I got the Shrimp Fra Diavolo ($22) and was not knocked off my feet. The sauce has a nice spiciness, but the shrimp was overcooked. Our waitress was nice, but seemed flustered. She wasn't around too much, but was kind when present.
3	Went for lunch. They had just started doing lunch. Lunch menu is a bit sparse, so we asked to do the dinner menu and they agreed. Wine list is a bit sparse, but serviceable. Calamari fritti was very good, might use a bit more salt. Pasta(Pepperdella) was OK, but past al dente. They did let us split this dish as a primo. Chicken giada was a bit dry. Veal picatta was OK, but serving was pretty small for price. Cannolli was fresh and made with ricotta filling freshly blended. BTW, owner's grandmother was named Giada; not related to TV Giada.
2	A nice location and pleasant atmosphere. Service started very well, but went downhill fast. We started both appetizer specials of the day.  The first - deep fried meatballs - was okay; nothing to write home about. We later added them to our entrees, and they felt like they belonged better there. The second - a selection of 2 each of their popular appetizers -was a mixed bag. Fried mozarella sticks and fried ravioli were both tasty.  Calamari was soggy and limp. The real problem was the shared dipping sauce which was just plain bland and boring. Adding crushed chili peppers gave it a bit of a bite, but it was still a losing cause. Squirting fresh lemon on the calamari did nothing to help the taste and just made them soggier. . The main course was spaghetti bolognese (we asked, and they substituted fettuccine) and this dish was just adequate.  It felt like they had added too much cream to the red sauce, and it was smooth and orange, instead of lumpy and bright red. I hate to say this, but the bolognese sauce at even the Olive Garden is much better. After we'd started eating, the waitress came over and apologized that she had forgotten to bring us our salad.  She offered to pack it to go, but we declined.  After we'd finished, we just waited and waited and waited.  We piled our dirty dishes in an effort to neaten our table, but no one approached us to clear the dishes, offer us dessert or coffee.  The restaurant was not particularly busy and we could see the two waitresses standing in the kitchen watching the cooks at work.  About 20 mins after we had finished, we were finally able to catch the attention of the maitre d' who finally summoned one of the waitresses for us.Terrible service notwithstanding, the food itself was simply too bland and boring to consider giving this place another chance. A pizza being carried to another table looked tempting, but not enough to warrant another roll of the dice.
3	Very friendly! Nice clean place. Food was A-ok like the rating. Was lacking the WOW factor. After reviews thought I found a real gem, but it was just another GOOD place. Flavor would be my only complaint. I would go again. But I would not drive out of my way.
5	I have tried several different entrees at Giada's and they have all been very good.  My husband did once get a dish with undercooked shrimp but they remedied the situation immediately.  The wait staff have always been very friendly and attentive.  It is a cute little restaurant and the owner has always been present when I am there and he appears to really care about his business providing a good dining experience.  It is the best dining experience to be found in Anthem.
5	Very good food with nice service.
3	This is a very small mom and pop restaurant that had only 3 other tables occupied on the Thursday evening of our visit.  There are tablecloths on each table, but these are covered by white butcher paper.  We received menus followed by warm bread and a tasty olive tapenade.  A house salad with a creamy balsamic dressing is included in the price of all entrees. Ann ordered chicken convertino - a thinly sliced chicken breast stuffed with asparagus and fontina cheese which was topped with a mushroom marsala sauce.  I chose pollo Giada - a boneless chicken breast stuffed with prosciutto, spinach and fontina cheese topped by a brandy tomato sauce. Each was served with a side of penne.  Mine was a little more tender than Ann's, but both were delicious.I used a restaurant.com certificate.
1	Went the other night with my family. Glad we tried it but will not go back. Server was nice, bread was awful and the food was nothing to write home about. I had the shrimp fradiavolo, nothing special, small shrimp floating in sauce with, over cooked pasta. My daughter had the pizza, pizza dough was terrible and raw like the stale bread they gave us. My wife had the puttanesca and they actually put olives with the pitts ...LOLOL! i guess they can't afford pitted Kalamata. Do they not warn people of this so they do not chip a tooth. I hear the owner is from Westchester NY. WOW is he fooling the people in Henderson. I asked the waitress why the Faux pizza brick oven in the front was not on and she said it was too hot! LOL. You would think they would have thought that out before investing in a oven of that caliber. Personally it looks like this may have been place that was owned by someone before that was smart and got out. The ownner now is clueless about Italian food and service and is trying to fool the people into believing it is authentic when it is really just...cheap food done wrong.  If you are going to try and sell a authentic premise...have authentic food. I will be surprised if they last much longer with whoever is cooking in the back. Its too bad because the place is cute, cozy with potential.
1	Have been coming her for awhile and never a complaint until tonight. Todd ordered a sicilian pizza and I ordered chicken Daniel (breast of chicken with spinach, mushrooms and sundried tomatoes with potatoes) minus the sundried tomatoes. Waitress came back and said no sicilian dough would use regular...to a happy as a clam, could eat pizza every day guy, he was like ok...so food comes out and mine is cold and has what looks like frozen veggies (broccoli, carrots, cauliflower), no potato...so I send it back and waitress apologizes and says oh we were trying out new veg...um did u think to ask me if that was ok? Brings me a new one (after the owner and cooks refer to the menu) and the chicken was nasty slimy and well I am done...thank you..I am fighting Stage IV cancer and can not afford to eat under cooked chicken and get sick!So Daniel the owner comes by the table and apologized and I say I usually get this or the Chicken Marsala and he proceeds to argue with me that the Daniel is a brand new dish...then blamed the waitress that she did not ask if I wanted option 1 or 2 (no options on said menu) he then threw down two cards for a glass of free house wine (we don't drink) and gave us back our coupon...Not the way we planned to celebrate our Anniversary and a long way from the deliciousness we had last year on our Anniversary.
5	I never knew italian food could be so good!! If it's possible for food to taste this good I don't understand why everybody doesn't make it like Giada's does. MWAH!!
5	We love Giada's. Dan, the owner is always there asking us how our meal is and the service and food is consistantly  impeccable. Their meatballs are the absolute best in the west!! We are going back Saturday night with some friends and we are looking forward to it. They rival anything on the strip, Itallian food wise and we love dining there.
1	Where do I start!! This place is awful!! Service was very inconsistent, it took 45 min for our appetizer to arrive,which was sub par. It wasn't even busy just 3 tables occupied. I got the meatball and potato wedges and the wedges weren't cooked all the way through, and the burned the shit out of the garlic in my meatballs which left a bad taste in my mouth. Oh yea!! The owner parks his Ferrari right on the sidewalk out front the restaurant. Who does that? There was also a drunk cop with his wife who kept saying how good the food was. It was like a scene from a bad dream. They comped both our meals as we were leaving the owner was out front talking to the drunk cop about his Ferrari. Obviously this guy is in la la land, maybe you should sell the Ferrari and learn how to run a restaurant. Food is bad, waitress was sweet, but I'm not going back. I'am not exaggerating one bit. This place must be losing money everyday. Stay Away I warned you!!!!
2	Ehh...  While the waiter was pleasant and he did apologize for the slow service, it took 30+ minutes for our salads to show up.  This may be understandable if they were busy however we were the first of only three tables to start the evening.  The fried ravioli tasted freezer burnt and the pasta in the Mac-n-cheese was under cooked.  And I know what al dente means...The location was nice except for the Ferrari on the sidewalk, and the decor was  interesting with all the old photos.  I did enjoy that.  The restaurant was very clean and almost got a third star just for that.Overall, no reason to return.
1	Now I just spoke with the owner and if he keeps his promise and his word then i will be satisfied. If you want to believe me then try it for yourself
1	This place is a joke.  The food tastes like it came out of cans and boxes, absolutely no flavor at all, overpriced, and the person who took our order was rude and generally unpleasant.  If you want good Italian food go to Gaetano's.  It's just a few miles north on Eastern.  It is much better the atmosphere is much more pleasant, and the people are friendly and knowledgeable.  Or if you are willing to go a little further there is also Maggiano's Little Italy, at the fashion show Mall.  Go anywhere, but but this place, it is a waste of time and money.
2	Wow. Major disappointment.We used the free house wine offer, and gave it to my mom.I ordered the "crispy" (deep fried) and "sticky" (covered in mozz cheese) balls (I guess they are trying to make the old ladies blush when they read the menu) in diablo hot. ($10) for two. I also ordered a Caesar salad. My guy asked the owner (who was our waiter, and parks his lambo on the sidewalk, in front of the place) what dish is their best, especially for first comers. His answer... Chicken Parm.... really? Chicken parm? He got the marsala.We ordered calamari for an appetizer. It was not crispy. It was flavorless. Seriously, needed salt and pepper.My beef balls came (haha, they are suppose to be "gourmet). The extra money you spend to have them "crispy" and "sticky" go to waste. There was no texture to these meat balls. They were pure mush. The sauce was pretty good though, and spicy.When the marsala was delivered, I knew that the veggies on the side were either frozen, or out of a can. The carrots were the circles with the crinkle pattern on them, and the broccoli was just the stems, not the fluffy tops. The marsala sauce was overly sweet.Overall, Meh. No thanks.
2	I have eaten take out and delivery from this restaurant before.  The previous meals were good.  However, tonight I ordered a cheesesteak and tiramasu to be delivered.  The cheesesteak was cold, the fries were undercooked and cold and the tiramasu was bordering on being frozen.  The only item I ordered that should have been cold, a 2 liter bottle of soda, was warm.  The delivery person was not friendly at all.  I'm disappointed.  The first two times I ate here the food was good, it has definitely gone down hill.
1	This review is for delivery order. I haven't been to the restaurant, but after tasting the food, I definitely won't be giving it another shot. This is the most disappointed I have been with a restaurant in Vegas. Period. We ordered ridiculously overpriced ($23) spaghetti and meatballs, which is pretty hard to totally screw up. The meatballs were inedible and seemed like they must have been at least a week old and weren't even reheated. The "sauce" was barely coating the noodles and was flavorless and mealy, similar to what my high school cafeteria served. The $10 ceasar salad was a pile of lettuce with powdered parmesan (!) and croutons that were like rocks and had to be picked out of the salad. Even the beverages we ordered weren't correct.Overall, I would never consider eating here again. The prices belong on the strip and the food belongs in the garbage. Ick.*My boyfriend would not even eat his portion of this meal. In the 6 years we have been together that has never happened. *
3	Wanted to love this place, it's so close to home...BUT...  The food was horrific and the price was completely out of Line. $26 for spaghetti and a piece of grilled chicken on top???? Would never mind paying that if it was good, but it wasn't... Sauce was over cooked.  However,  the service is good and the drinks are reasonable, will go for drinks but will not be eating again.
5	This place is a gem in the heart of Anthem.  Great food, great service, great atmosphere!   Check it out!
5	Great real Italian food. If you expect olive garden this is not your place but it is the go to place for good Italian food. The owner is really nice everything I have tried here is good.
4	Due to the fact that I didn't feel like spending a ton of money and going to a packed restaurant on Valentines Day, my husband planned a romantic night in and decided to order from Giada's for the first time. (Thankfully, since I wouldn't have made it to see feb 15th if he cooked for us,lol).To start, it may seem like a long wait but I was really impressed we only had to wait an hour and twenty minutes to get out food delivered. We're a good 4.5 miles away and I'm sure they were really busy, so points to them for that, and points for a really friendly delivery man! Food wise, it did arrive cold which wasn't great because one of the dishes was chicken Parm and the cheese was no longer bubbly and soft. As much as I have to take a point off for this, I really don't hold it against them. Since it was valentines day, I do imagine it must have sat  there ready for a bit before someone was actually able to get it out to us. I'm ok with it for that reason. We popped it in the oven and for the most part brought it back to life. Once it was ready despite the fact that my chicken Parm wasn't up to it's potential, the food was pretty tasty, especially their sauce which had a mild kick and a nice bold flavor. In Italian cooking, the sauce can really make or break the dish, and their's definitely elevated these dishes. I honestly wish their was more,  but that's my only complaint there.Overall, I feel that Giada's has potential to be 5 stars in my book, but I'll have to reserve that until next time I order. If the food comes hot and bubbly next time, I'll gladly update the review, but for now, it's worth it to try. Their prices, in my opinion, are reasonable, and you get a lot for your money.
5	This place is great! We ordered for pick up, and when we got there I was pleasantly greeted by the female bartender. She took me over to the restaurant side to pick up the food. The chef was super friendly and helped me carry the food to the car.  Now to the food; the antipasto salad was fantastic. It had copious amounts of fresh ingredients.  The calzones were also very delicious, I really like the dough they use, and they were full of toppings.  Overall, we really enjoy the food, and would recommend it to everyone.
5	I love this cute little gem of a place tucked away in Anthem. I met Pat and Jerry who own the bar attached to Giada's at my restaurant supply in Henderson and they told me about their place, and my hubby and I always like to try our customer's places which we did and are very happy to say we are now repeat customers! The food is delicious, the pasta is cooked perfectly al dente everytime, everything is flavorful, the service is superb, just a really great local place that makes you want to return! It is fun to sit in the bar area where you can also comfortably eat, and the best part, no slot machines! Go see Pat & Jerry, & the bartender Marie, eat some fab food and have a great time!
5	As always outstanding food and service. We've been dining here for over a  year now and we have never been disappointed! The food has always been spectacular and the ambiance of the restaurant fabulous. I highly reccomend this restaurant for authentic Italian dining. The owner really takes pride in providing a fabulous dining experience for his guest and it shows. We can't wait to go back!
1	We just moved to anthem and have been looking for a good Italian place! When we first arrived the waitress said sit where you would like....all but a 1 big table in the bar were dirty (there was 2 of us) then after sitting for 5 min I got up to ask for menus. The waitress was nice and apologized, we ordered our drinks and she took the order after about 15 min later she comes to our table explaining that they were short a cook...( I understand this because I've worked in the food service before) but, when I asked if we could have some bread while we waited she said they had burnt it and more was being made...we decided to leave because we had already been there at least 35-40 min and didn't see salad, or bread even coming soon. Kinda bummed because it did smell great in there! Maybe, it was just a bad night. I would maybe try again but once a place leaves a bad impression on my husband it's hard to get him back:(
4	We are always looking for new places nearby to try with the family. I have been here now twice and it is very consistent. Last night took the wife and daughter and we all liked our meals, My daughter got Chicken Planks and Fries, she liked the chicken, but did not like the fries,they were made from real potatoes, she likes processed, only critique would be the Fries could have been crispier, but hey they were unprocessed, I give them big props for that . They bring you a focaccia bread with this awesome (Grandma's recipe) Olive dip, really good and I'm not a big fan of olives. I ordered the Chicken Joseph which was Chicken rolled up with a garlic, olive oil, spinach, mozzarella, ricotta cheese mixture, topped with a tomato cream sauce, with garlic mashed potatoes and sauteed vegetables. A little strange to get Garlic mash but it was great and so was the meal. My last meal I had here was the Pollo Giada's Boneless chicken breast, rolled with prosciutto di parma, spinach, mozzarella cheese topped with tomato brandy sauce, served with garlic mashed potatoes and sauteed vegetables both were great but my favorite was the Pollo Giada.My wife ordered off the menu and they accommodated her, she just wanted Penne Pasta with Garlic and Olive oil, which they made and she loved it. She also had the house wine and it was happy hour(4pm-7pm) so she got one free. Both meals were accompanied with a house salad with a great spicy Balsamic dressing (not for the feint of heart, it had spice) and Broccoli, Spinach and carrots with a liberal amount of garlic and Olive oil. I finished my veges so on my daughters insistence we ordered the Ice Cream Brownie, it could easily have feed 4 or one growing daughter who didn't want to share. The Brownie covered an entire dinner plate with two huge scoops of Ice Cream topped with Chocolate sauce. Overall a great experience and price was good tooGive this place a try it is a small place behind Vons on the way into Anthem, their decor is not the greatest but it is all family pictures so I get that. They also do pizza and takeout.
5	Holy cow this place is fantastic! After I read the front of the menu and understood the story behind this place, I was super excited. Then, I tasted the food and the story came true. A new favorite!
3	I mistakenly reviewed this instead of the Giadas on the strip
5	The focaccia bread and olive spread is fabulous!!! I had the Veal Parmesan and it was tender and cooked to perfection.  The best Veal Parm I've had since my visit to Italy.  The service was excellent the owner was very nice as well as the other wait staff.  I love the fact that you can either eat in the dining room if your with your family or go over to the bar/lounge area to enjoy a more adult friendly atmosphere!
5	Being from upstate NY and coming from a town that is predominately Italian, I have searched long and hard for a restaurant that would fulfill the needs of my taste buds.  I grew up eating Italian sausage, baked ziti, chicken parmesan, and meatballs, served with homemade marinara made with tomatoes that we grew in our backyards.One trip to Giada's, and I realized that this place reminded me of home.  The Chicken Parm, the Meatballs, the Italian Sausage, and Marinara Sauce were absolutely DELICIOUS-- I had flashbacks to my childhood and my tastebuds were finally satisfied-- in my 18 years of living in the Las Vegas area, I had yet to find my back home restaurant, and the day I stepped into Giada's, I knew that this place was it.The service was excellent, the atmosphere calming and romantic, the wine and beer selection vast, the service friendly and attentive, portions generous, and flavor like no other.  The owner Daniel personally delivered our appetizer, and even checked back on us after we got our entrees. He told us everything from the menu was one of his grandma's recipes, and his friendly demeanor made me want to go back to eat 2 days later.CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!!!! Friendly staff and big portions pleasing to the taste buds!!!  My new favorite authentic Italian ristorante!!
3	Not really impressed with this restaurant.  First of all, it was incredibly hot in there.  I understand that the pizza ovens are right in the middle of the restaurant, but how about cranking up the AC or at least get some ceiling fans? The food was ok-I had the penne with vodka sauce.  The staff was very friendly and attentive so that was a good point.  But I don't know if I would go there again as my companions thought the food was mediocre as well.
5	Great family freindly place. Sat in the bar area for happy hour. Amazing food made to order at a  great price!  Service was friendly and efficient. We will be back. Nice place to go on a Friday night without going near the strip.
4	Was craving chicken Parmesan and I know only "mom & pop" spots are the way to go. It was exactly what we were looking for. Purchased to go and it was delicious. I'm sure if I had eaten at the restaurant it would've been even more delicious.
1	We have tried this restaurant a few times over the last couple years.  The first initial visit we had involved the owner.  We left before we even sat down, the guy was that bad.  Decided to try again after a year had gone by. And again this last visit involved the owner.  Needless to say, we will never go back.  The food has been OK, but this owner has zero people skills and not a clue how to act professionally.  If this restaurant is a success it's only because they do not have any competition up here in Anthem. How this jerk stays in business is beyond us.
1	I came to this place when it first opened and I really like it. The owner was very nice and the service was good. I also really enjoyed their signature dish "the Giada". Over the past year or so it went way downhilll with obvious corners being cut. 6 months ago the service began slipping, the food quality dropped, and  when I went to order dessert they told me it was still frozen. So obviously not fresh. That was enough to make me write it off. Lets face it, Henderson has tons of good choices.I went to go get sushi in the shopping plaza this week to find it was closed so I went to Gaida's by default. A mistake that will never happen again.It took 10 minutes for the waitress to approach with a big bread basket filled with three crusty pieces of what looked like left over pizza dough. It took another 15 minutes to get a glass of wine. The admitted new waitress had three tables including us.The salad that eventually came was 1/3 the size it used to be (3-4 bites worth). I ordered their signature chicken dish, "The Giada". I had eaten this many time when they first opened and enjoyed it. What they served me was an altered, disgusting version. Instead of one tasty piece of chicken rolled in spinach, ricotta, and sauce. It was four small servings wrapped in some horrible oversalted meat. It was terrible. It took me all night to get the taste out. The service and food were the worst. Serious corners being cut. Will never go back.
5	I been in this restaurant many times after. They hire a new chef,  and never had a bad meal,you can tell the difference then before I will keep coming back and   Recommend to all my friends!
2	I had high hopes for this restaurant as there are not a lot of dining options in the Anthem area however, I was disappointed.   We went there with our two small children, which we thought would be fine as we looked up the menu online and saw that they have a kids menu.  When we got there we asked for juice or milk for our 3 year old daughter to drink.  The server told us they did not have either and that "most people don't bring their kids there".  I felt that was a slightly rude comment to make considering we did bring our kids there.  He finally found some orange juice at the bar which he served our 3 year old in a pint glass.  They did not have kid appropriate cups.  I think if you have a children's menu, which specifies for children "under 8", you should provide a cup that a child under 8 can drink out of.  The restaurant was out of veal!  This is ridiculous considering half of the menu options include veal.  The service was slow even though we were the only table in the whole restaurant from 5pm until 6:30 on a Saturday night.  The eggplant parmigiana was extremely greasy as was the lasagna.  The chicken francese was bland and the marinara sauce was nothing spectacular.   Very disappointed.  The one good thing was the bread and olive tapenade.
5	Hands down one of the best Italian restaurants in the valley. The olive dipping sauce is so good its addicting. The chicken is so tender it melts in your mouth. The pasta is just delicious. The kids love coming here to eat and we go at least once a week. The atmosphere is nice; quite the way I like it. The chef knows what we eat and he comes out to meet us when we enter. No complaints about the service; it's prompt and courteous. If you are looking for an Italian place in the area I strongly suggest Giadas.
1	Went to giadas end of Sept 2014.Ambience was nice.Severely overpriced everything!Food quality fairPortion size smallOrdered chicken cacciatore for 2They brought out this big roasting pan to show us our chicken with tons of big fresh vegetables.Didn't faintly resemble what we got after cooking.Stay away!! HUGE TOURIST TRAP.if u want excellent Italian at a fair price go to the bootlegger!!!
4	We had the calamari and it was cooked perfectly. I highly suggest ordering it.The chef opened the restaurant for us before dinner and invited us over after telling us the neighboring restaurant closed last week.We had the bolognese which was on point, a pizza, and carbonara which I asked for off the menu.The pizza was thin crust and very tasty. The carbonara was great and hopefully they will add it to the menu for more to try.Price range was around $20 per plate and we had plenty of leftovers after sharing.The owner also sat down and spoke with us for a bit then gave us a few samples of their desserts.
5	My husband and I have been to Giadas several times and we really enjoyed it. The service was great. We sat at the bar last night and I had a a chocolate, baileys something that was to die for. Trust me order it.... Yummy
5	Great small neighborhood restaurant feel. The chef usually pops out to make sure you are enjoying your meal. Great food and friendly staff. I highly recommend the spicy meatballs.
3	I had high hopes for this place as the complete package but the service was so terrible.This is not the place to come if your in a hurry. This was my last meal in Vegas before heading to the airport. I did not have a reservation so sat on one of the lounge couches. I waited for like 15 minutes and no one came to check on me, offer me a drink , or anything. I had to fetch myself a waiter, ask for water, bread, and a menu. The food here is really good though. I had the Orzo meatballs, Lemon Shrimp Spaghetti, and Choc Budino .The meatballs were just ok but a bit dry in my opinion. The pasta was perfectly cooked and seasoned and the shrimp are two of the biggest prawns I had been served at an Italian Place. Very complex flavors although next time I would ask for a little more sauce on the side. The choc budino had to be one of my favorite desserts in Vegas. It was so light and delicious with a small amount of the perfect finness and flavor profile. I love it and would come back here just for dessert despite the terrible service. The atmosphere here is nice though and they make all the pasta by hand fresh. The vegetables are fresh. They also have a photo booth to take pictures to commemorate your dining experience which is kind of unique. Overall ,great food but terrible service.
