5	What people have been waiting for: a 24-hour McDonalds on Green St. This is now open (in place of the old GameStop) as of Fall 2014. The new haven of late night drunk college students, this is a little above your typical McDonalds. Being a new facility, much of it is very nice and clean. It may not stay that way, but as of now it's very nice. The store is also well run in my experience and even late at night when it gets busy, they seem to stay on top of things. You may not want to, but you know you'll end up here eventually.
3	As far as I know, this is the only food place open 24 hours on Green St. Pretty fast considering how busy they get on weekend nights. Aside from that they're like any other McDonald's.
3	typical Mcdonalds, nothing special, except it opens 24 hours (so if you are hungry after midnight you know where to go). Last time i went there it was really busy, but the line moves fast. I ordered pretty much everything from the "dollar menu", spent like 20 bucks and got 2 big bags of food. So satisfied! I particularly love the chicken nuggets. They were like 4 dollars for 20 pieces, good deal!
1	realized they forgot my fish sandwich and Mc-chicken after i got home. Called back several time, no one ever picked up the phone. What do you do in this situation? i wonder i will ever got my food/money back... sign...
5	It is one of the nicest looking McDonald's I have gone to. They are able to handle masses of customers smoothly. The best part is that it is open 24 hours. Their fries are always hot.
2	They reduced their sizes drastically. The mcflurry is unrecognizable, and for the same price too. Disappointed.
4	Come on...who doesn't LOVE Mcdonalds, especially when it's open 24/7? I love the school spirited interior decorations and the bathrooms are so fancy. My only question is why do the fries taste so bad at this Mcdonalds? Out of all the Mcdonalds I've been to, something is wrong with the fries here. They're dry and kind of flavorless. Also how on Earth do you run out of soft serve??? I wanted to order ice cream and was told they ran out...how does that even happen? It's Mcdonalds...you never should run out of anything- it's like a huge endless fridge of food back there.
