4	First time here since they opened, the pulled pork sandwich is very good with their spicy slaw, brisket is nice and moist, good service, love the baked beans but the potato salad tasted store bought which was disappointing. Overall good food, will return. Wish they would add some smoked meat to the beans however.
1	My work mates and I purchased lunch to go.  What a mistake. I ordered the hot link combo $8 and the 2 "sides" are about 3 oz each.  The coleslaw was a soggy mess. The potato salad and bun were definitely from Costco.  If I wanted Costco I would have paid $1.75 for huge polish dog & soda .  I ate the link only and potato salad.  I'm still hungry, what a bummer....
4	Very good bbq. I had the pulled pork but it should of been a bit more smokey. Spicy slaw its a little hot beware. I think for the price they should include a drink though. It's a small place so your probably better at getting it to go during lunch hours. People here are very southern like. That's nice for all the Arizonans.
5	Loved the pulled pork sandwich!! This is a terrific family owned, neighborhood BBQ shop! I could eat there every day of the week!!
4	Glad we came to this just opened BBQ spot! There was plenty of meat on the ribs and the pulled pork carolina sandwich was good too. The cashier recommended the bbq beans and I'm glad she did bc they were really good. Will be back to try more..
3	We went and got take-out last fri night. Prices are comparable to other bbq places. They said their "style" is Arizona and also do South Carolina sauces.  The pulled pork sandwich is pretty good and a good size, the ribs are decent...if we had just gotten those it would be more toward maybe 4 but a solid 3.5 at the very least.  I got brisket.  The bottom of my box was left very oily while the meat was super dry.  Another thing that knocked them was the fact that the counter girl couldn't tell me anything about anything on the menu or their style of bbq. Doubt I will give them another try since we have the awesome TX style place down the street from us.
5	Wow.  Delicious. Great customer service and friendly clean atmosphere.  Worth the stop.  Will write more when I'm done eating ;) .
2	Walked into the Cherry Tree smokehouse today, place was empty except for 1 table at 11:45. not a good sign so far. no real direction on what to do when you enter except to go to the front desk and wait for someone to show up. looks very under staffed. I only see 2 people running around. this is lunch time! any good place for lunch has a lunch rush and prepares for it! i asked for a sample of the brisket and it took 10 minutes just for him to have the other guy slice it and finally give it to me. there was no line behind me when i ordered the sample... and when i finally got the sample i had 10  people behind me. so i ordered my food before i got the sample in hope to help them process these people quicker, but it was just simply understaffed. then sadly i was not impressed by the flavorless chewy brisket. does not even come close to little miss BBQ brisket. finally,  around 12 a lady showed up to help them, just in time for the rush. i ordered the pulled pork sandwich with a combo. what is the combo you ask? not sure. had to get back in line after my order to figure out what comes with the combo and for goodness sakes give me my drink! i thought that was standard. then dude gives me a can of Dr. Pepper. little disappointed that there is no refills. $11.86 for a combo and i get a tiny little bite sized looking corn bread, some cheap chips, and a can of soda. where is the value? my pulled pork sandwich looked like it got the crap beat out of it, then grilled to warm it up for serving. not saying thats what they do... it just looks like the most haggard pulled pork sandwich I've ever seen. so i finally started eating and the pork was dried out, so i rescue it with a bunch of BBQ sauce and it was decent. not flavorless, but needs a lot more flavor. i did eat it all so it was edible. really wanted to like this place but it lacks flavor and customer service. i saw all the poor reviews for this place and had to see for myself. so i conclude that it's over priced and the value is not there. it has potential, so i'll visit back in about 6 months to see how they are doing. good luck Cherry Tree you have a nice little place.
2	EKK- Pass this place. I came into this place for the first time the other day and i was having high hopes for a new, awesome BBQ place close to home- this was not it. At first glance, i was surprised to see the menue only has brisket on select days, no mac-n-cheese anywhere in sight and the prices are on the high side. I ordered a split meat platter- pulled chicken and pulled pork, corn bread and chips. My meat was such a small portion i was shocked- not to mention, my pulled chicken was not pulled, it was roughly chopped and tasted like cheap chinese food quality chicken. the cornbread was filled with jalojenos (which it did not say on the menue!) and the chips were a small bag of lunch sytle lays... The pork was good. I have to give credit when credit is due. Other than that, the server was slow and could care less that she took forever to refill drinks or that she took a long time to bring the food to our table, bringing the food in shifts with 5-10 minutes inbetween each persons food. The cherry on the cake was when we were getting up to leave we say her offering samples to other patrons so they could try the different types of meat before they picked their meals- We would have LOVEDDD this option, bc had we tried a few things before we picked we probably would have been much happier.
3	Beans, toast, and spicy Cole slaw are worth the visit.  Ribs are dry and meatless.  Servers are nice.
1	Prices extremely high. Prices were a big turn off. Weird parking areas. Sample of pork bellie seemed like it was steamed. Really didnt like it. Brisket sandwich was dry and there was no smoke flavor. Bbq should never need salt.
