5	"Well, Good Morning Sunshine" a sweet southern woman's voice called to me from behind the inviting granite welcome desk of the University Eye Associates Optometry office. "Man", I thought to myself, "what a warm welcome for an eye doctor's visit". Pleasantly surprised, I smiled and bid the polite welcome desk receptionist "good morning" as I signed in for my appointment. Turning from the desk, I moseyed my way on over to the spacious waiting area. Surveying the modern furniture, artwork and decor I made my choice of where it was I wanted to relax in leisure while I waited to be called back to my appointment. Taking a seat in a plush brown suede armchair, I allowed my mind to wander as I sat contently in comfort and ease. Mesmerized by the freshly fastened redwood displays chock-full of the latest designer fashion eye wear, my eyes wandered from one pristine redwood display case to the next. How in the world was I suppose to choose just one pair, when I love them all?! The new eyewear display and all of its contents were by far one of the many perks of the new facility, in addition to the amiable staff of course. Standing to my feet, I allowed myself to window shop for the pair of glasses that I would purchase after my appointment. As I browsed the displays, the woman who was in charge of eyeglass fittings politely greeted me. She asked me if there was anything I was looking for in particular. I informed her that I already had my eye on a pair I liked. I then pointed them out to her. She gingerly removed the glasses from the display and told me she'd set them aside for me. Placing my soon to be lovely Lacoste glasses in a small red bin the woman smiled. Such a warm and friendly experience I've had thus far in the new office.A few minutes later I was called back into the examination room by a friendly doctor's assistant. Waiting for Dr. Sugarman in the exam room, the assistant and I made small talk about how school was going, and their new facility. By the end of our conversation Dr. Sugarman had entered the room; he greeted me with a wide smile and a hearty handshake. He, like the assistant, asked me how I was doing, and how school was going. He even went as far as to share with me about his own undergraduate experience. Informing me that he was a UNC Charlotte Alumni (Go NiNeRs!) and had also studied abroad. After encouraging me to finish out my senior year strong and to go abroad, Dr. Sugarman had completed my entire eye exam. That was record time! Quick, easy, and painless! In the time it took for him to perform his complete eye exam and dilate my eyes, Dr. Sugarman had shared with me some of the most valuable information I'd heard all day. He shared with me that determination and dedication are key to success, and this was self-evident in both his undergraduate testimony, and the recent opening of this immaculate new facility. Removing his gloves Dr. Sugarman washed his hands and courteously walked me to the check out desk. As I paid for my visit, Dr. Sugarman noticed that I didn't have any sunglasses with me. Jokingly, I informed him that I'd left my "fly" shades at home. With a chuckle he offered me the standard disposable sunglasses every optometrist's office gives you. Smiling he said, "You're going to need these." In agreeance, I grasped the eyeglasses and giggled as I unrolled my latest fashion statement. With my glasses now securely wrapped to my face, I showed off my new style to Dr.Sugarman and the woman working the check out desk. Dr. Sugarman then shook my hand, wished me good-luck on my studies and to have a good afternoon. Wishing him the same, I made my way past the check out and welcome desk, past the mile-high walls of eye wear and through the door to the bright warm sunlight outside. Walking to my car I thought about how great this business really is. University Eye Associates has given me another wonderful experience with their  fast, friendly and superior service. I've never left any doctor's office so happy and at ease. I strongly recommend you, your family, and your friends all go to University Eye Associates. This office has the most friendly medical staff, a wonderful new selection of eyewear, and on top of all of that a brand new facility! It's a no Brainer... Go to University Eye Associates and See for Yourself.  :)
5	Dr. Eyeler has been the family doctor since I was little and now he's my child eye doctor.  University eyes associate is a family oriented office.  Thank you for being our doctor.
1	The worst !  Brookdale Drive - Rocky River....Always trying to get you to do another eye exam.  Took in my son's new prescription in June to make sunglasses. They wanted to do another eye exam today. They said it had been 2 years since last eye exam.  I explained to them -  I brought in the new prescription in June and you used it on his sunglasses.  The lady kept arguing. My son walked out. I called and finally had to hang up. Also, one other time I told them only an eye exam  not the doctor exam (due to diabetes) they went ahead and did the doctor exam after I was very clear with them not to do a doctor's exam. Had to have them take it off.  My husband's eye exam that was done here was wrong too. Had to pay to have another eye exam. Going elsewhere... Brookdale is the worst for customer service.Let me add:  Received a call from the manager, December this morning and she said my son did not tell them that he had sunglasses made in June.  I told her, yes he did and so did I on the phone.  I told December that they need to look in the computer and her reply was:  "thank you for that tip".   Another unprofessional smart mouth.  All this could have been avoided if they knew how to use their computers.  Need some training in customer service too.
