3	We stayed here on our stay to vegas recently, we booked it thinking it was still travelodge. It is located across from Circus circus. Its around 50-60 dollars a night, so thats pretty cheap. However, if you decide to arrive early and check in early they will charge you an extra ten dollars. The room we got had two beds, the sheets looked pretty clean, open the drawer and theres a t.v, there is no remote control, the restroom was clean with small bar of soap and a small bottle of shampoo. Air conditioning was nice. I still liked the old travelodge that used to be here more though. There is free ice on the upper floor. I thought it was decent, but the light in the room didn't work..All in all its not that bad, buts pretty decent but if your looking for some fancy stuff look elsewhere.
1	We booked a room here over the Internet after seeing a few pictures and knowing that it was on the strip. The rate was 60 dollars. After checking in Jessica screamed after seeing a cockroach in the bathroom. I tried calling the front office but the phone didn't work. I walked over and we waited for a maintenance guy who was nice. He sprayed raid in the bathroom and we stuffed towels underneath the sink. After coming back I got the guy to take 10 off the bill. The "continental breakfast" was just coffee. We also found a cigar butt in the bathroom and it was a non smoking room. To top it off a taxi driver told us the hotel was frequently used by prostitutes... He advised us to not book a hotel ahead of time and just look for deals at casinos trying to fill empty rooms. We complained over the phone next day and they reduced the price to 30. That's the only reason they get a star.
3	I don't know when the other people stayed there and I have not stayed there but this is now a Jewish run place where you can have regular keys, not electronic ones, to open the door for Sabbath observing Jews and they sell kosher food in the hotel store so I have to assume that the place is now better than what the other people found.Again I am trying to be very honest and say I have not stayed there, just updating information so other people could check it out and make their own judgment.
1	Soooo not worth $60 a night. Rooms were so so. Beds hard, pillows gave me a headache and bathroom falling apart. Continental breakfast sucked. Only consisted of a box of croissants, some mini muffins, yogurt and coffee. So walked to McDonalds to eat :/
