5	After a so-so birthing experience in Columbus, OH. and a horrible one in Weirton, WV., my wife was desperate to have the birthing experience that she wanted. In this case, that would mean a VBAC without pain medication. We searched reviews and statistical websites for weeks to find a hospital that was open to VBAC's, had a high success rate, and worked with The Midwife Center.  Mercy was the winner. The staff was terrific and worked so well with our midwives. My wife got the birthing experience that she wanted and now she and baby are home and happy.
5	Always known as THE hospital in Pittsburgh for quality of care and empathy for patients, now their facilities and equipment are improving because of their move to the UPMC system. This hospital is nicer than ever, and the Catholic culture of extraordinary care has been maintained.  There's no replacement for compassion in health care.
4	As hospitals go, the people in this one are great. Super nice and they take every single question and concern as their #1 priority. I never felt unheard or ignored by the support staff & nurses. Parking was free for 2 hours which was great. The care delivered was probably too much given the conditions being treated, but perhaps it's better to err on the side of too much than too little. In terms of it being a "healing" place... nope. Not really. Their spiritual counselors were omnipresent, but none seemed trained to do more than pray and give palliative counsel. The notion of "healing" is squarely in the allopathic/medical model as one would expect from an insurance driven hospital, and it is the only detriment of this place. Typical stuff. Over reliance and over delivery of pharmaceuticals... especially antibiotics. Arrogance and ignorance in the medical staff when questioned or advised about non allopathic treatment or remedies. They wanted to prescribe an antibiotic regimen to my 86 year old father for a minor gum infection when I suggested that it could be dealt with in a couple days with colloidal silver. She was irate at the suggestion and arrogantly admonished by father, "Don't take that!"  Ignorance is one thing, but arrogance is indicative of deeper issues in perceiving clients as whole human beings living in a complex world with people that may have better information and experience than their corporate medical degrees can certify. For what they do, they're pretty good at it. Corporate hospitals have a long way to go to be actual places of healing. They're more like autobody shops for humans. And boy oh boy it's hard to find a good mechanic sometimes, eh? They're pretty good mechanics here.
