5	IC is a cookie joint infamous for it's delivering of cookies (I had to momentarily double-take when I first heard that, too) and late night hours, including an actual website made for easy ordering.  If you haven't heard of this place yet, then you definitely need to 1.  Order from here, and 2.  Spread the word.They have a nice selection of cookies (sugar, peanut butter, chocolate, white chocolate Macadamia nut, M&M, oatmeal raisin, etc) as well as some jumbo cookies, the most notable being the Reese's peanut butter cup, which is guaranteed to make you feel sick.  The regular cookies and brownies go for $0.99 a pop, and $2.25 for the jumbo ones (minimum for delivery is $6).The items for sale here are so deliciously packed with butter and sugar that you're bound to feel bad after two or three cookies, especially the more sugary ones (Macadamia and Reese's come to mind).The brownies are so-so.The orders are always delivered still warm and usually pretty gooey, so it can get messy.  One thing you should know is that the cookies dry quickly, so after a few days, most will be pretty hard, minus the sugar cookies, which are undoubtedly packed with questionable (sans sugar?) ingredients that it manages to last a few more days in the fridge.  So don't buy too many at once.If you can manage to bite into that first cookie and not immediately want more, then maybe you shouldn't eat cookies anymore.
4	I found this place today on accident, while taking a break from reading.  Thank God.  A cookie place that's open late?  Fantastic.  The macadamia nut was awesome and the double chocolate chunk was melty and gooey and delicious.  Cookies are $1 each and the store is open until 2:30 am!I hear they also deliver.  Wow.  Nicely done, Illinois, Nicely done.
3	whether you go to UCLA or USC in Los Angeles, the one thing you can agree on is that Diddy Riese is a bomb-diggity place for cookies. that's because they are cheap and pretty good. not great, but still a great bang for your buck.imagine my thrill, having moved across the country to the land of corn and underground corn topped libraries, when i heard about insomnia cookies.  freshly baked cookies, delivered to your house, in the middle of the night? how marvelous!NOT. the cookies are rather akin to break-apart and bake tollhouse cookies (2 tubes for $4 on a good day at schnucks/meijer) and they are one dollar a piece!? half the size of a diddy cookie? really guys?this doesn't mean that i won't order cookies. this also doesn't mean that the cookies aren't good.  but really, they are overpriced, underwhelming, and should only be consumed in the most necessary of instances (glutton therapy and the like).
1	Their cookies are ok for the only cookie delivery place in town. But it should NOT take over an hour to get half a dozen cookies delivered to you. Ever.
4	"Hey Amanda, what are you doing tonight?" "I dunno, looking for something to do. You?" "Wanna go U of I?" "Alright."30 minutes later, we're in the car and I make it very clear that this night will end with warm cookies delivered to our hotel room. Yes, we got a hotel room. Yes, I am a very healthy eater and never eat sweets, but I MUST have THESE cookies TONIGHT.After much pre-gaming, followed by a failed attempt to go to the bars and clubs, we ended up back at the hotel room and everyone was hungry. They all agreed on ordering pizza. All I could whine about was getting Insomnia Cookies. So I pulled up the menu on my phone and we all decided on getting a huge M&M cookie cake. $18? We were too hungry and tipsy to care!I call their delivery line and am on hold for about 15 minutes when I say "screw it" and place the order online through my iPhone's web browser. 45 minutes later, we got our cookie cake! This cookie lasted almost a whole week at my apartment. It was way too much for all of us that night. I would not recommend the cookie cake...you can get a similar one from the grocery store for more than half what we paid. Next time, I will get smaller cookies; they're $.90!Drunk+delivery cookies=win. Less car crashes, y'know.
1	Placed my order at 8:30...estimated delivery time 9:00 PM. 9:30 PM. Guy calls to tell me that they won't deliver my order because I am "out of their zone." Insomniacookies.com: "Delivery Zone: Champaign, Urbana"Where I live: Urbana'Nuff said.
4	Om nom nom.Always so warm and delicious.  Diddy Reise has nothing on them, in terms of cookies (ignoring the ice cream).  Except the price.  Its a tad expensive, but for being open at 2:00am, its tough to complain.
2	I had never heard of the concept of late night cookie delivery (7 pm - 2:30 am). In fact, I don't think it exists in Chicago and may be a concept relegated to overstressed students in college campus towns.Well, cue me who hadn't had a cookie in two months and didn't want to start my car in the bitterly cold weather. I spent $8 for six cookies with tax, tip and delivery charge. I ordered the snickerdoodle, white chocolate macadamia, coconut pecan, chocolate chunk and M&M cookies.First off, the delivery guy asked me to wait outside in the cold for him since he was so busy that night, which sucked. Secondly, they got my order wrong and didn't even bother to tell me on my box or receipt that it was wrong because they ran out of a particular cookie that night (the coconut pecan). They at least gave me a few extra cookies to compensate for the one they could not provide. Lastly, the cookies weren't the most mind blowing coooke experience I've ever had. In fact, I was more satisfied by the Oreo I had the next day. ::shrugs:: Oh well, it was worth a shot.
1	I just ordered cookies from this place because of its delivery appeal on this cold winter night. Paid $.99 for delivery and tipped well. What I received was far from ideal. One cupcake was missing, the other 2 were mushed together, and the cookies were terribly made. The order was also delivered in a take out box you would get at a restaurant, no napkins, and the cookies looked like someone just threw them in there without a care. Furthermore, the delivery guy did not even come up to the apartment, and waited on the corner of the street in his car for me to come down and  get the delivery from him. Talk about a crappy quality of food as well as a half delivery. The only consolation I received upon calling to complain is that I would get credit for 2 items in the future. I might take them up on the offer if I am really drunk.
4	I stopped in for some cookies when I was looking for something to do in Champaign on a monday night.  I had actually seen this place while eating lunch at Fat Sandwich (2 doors down) and looked it up on Yelp.  I was slightly discouraged with the negative reviews, but if you look closely, most of the complaints and low ratings are from people who were dissapointed with the delivery aspect.  I didn't get delivery, I went in to the retail store.  Anyway, it was after 9PM and nothing else in the Dessert category was open.The store is quite small; there's just enough room for about 5 people to stand and place ordersThere is a weird drop off in the floor, right inside the door.  There is a sign on the door saying "WATCH YOUR STEP".  The guy behind the counter warned the girls who ordered ahead of me to be careful on the way out.  He offered me the same advice.  I asked if a lot of people fall down there.  He said "about 90%"!One of the girls on line ahead of me ordered the raw cookie dough.  The guy behind the counter warned her that he was not really supposed to sell it, and that raw dough could make her sick.  I guess that's true, I just thought it was a weird conversation...I got my cookies to go.  I would have gotten milk, but I could see that the only had two bottles in the fridge, and both were chocolate milk.  So I stopped at a gas station on the way home for some 2%.I got one chocolate chip (an easy way to guage a cookie place is by their CCC's) and one snickerdoodle.  They were $1 each (no tax). The CCC was good.. maybe even a little better than good, but I surprised myself by enjoying the snickerdoodle more!  The CCC was a little greasy, but certianly very good.  Parking in this area can be difficult (as in most of Champaign).Anyway, I would go to Insomnia Cookies again.  It's a little slap-dash, but really nothing significantly wrong here as the other reviews might suggest.I have a couple of pictures if anyone's interested...
4	Best cookie place in champaign, especially when you want something sweet late at night.
3	Not much to say about this place.  Won't speak for their delivery since I always go in for pickup and I can usually get as many cookies as I want in less then 5 minutes.  They usually have enough fresh cookies baking and ready to go that you can get what you want in under a minute and leave.  Cookies are delicious too, but I do tend to think they are on the greasy side.  My biggest complaint though is the price of these cookies.  Insomniac cookies are not big at all, (probably smaller than subway cookies since most have seen them)  What's worse is that the cookies are $1.10 each!  Holy crap!  A cookie is a cookie... I know other desert shops that would sell these sized cookies for 3 for a $1.  Not $1.10 each.I would probably give Insomniac cookies 5 stars if it weren't for the outrageous prices of the cookies.  I feel these cookies are not worth more then 50 cents, and they can maybe get away with 75 cents.  $1.10 is overkill though.  Maybe if they were bigger I could justify the price, but I usually don't go here unless they are having a special, which honestly is still pretty expensive.  Still, no doubt the cookies are delicious, and there's plenty of varieties to choose from.  Just bring a big wallet.
4	This place is incredible. Every town should have a cookie place that delivers late at night. Maybe a tad less expensive, but other than that - this place was probably created by a genius.
4	Seeing as it is Fat Tuesday and I'm going to be missing out on sweets for the next 40 days, I decided to review Insomnia cookies, a place I've been to a few times before but never reviewed.I ordered a White Chocolate M academia, Chocolate Chip, and peanut butter cookie. They were all fantastic. Very soft, warm, and really tasty. Cookies are probably my favorite dessert, and I've never had a bad cookie from this place. Some of my thoughts while eating my cookies:"This is awesome""I can't believe I spent $1.25 on a single cookie""I wonder what the nutrition info on one of these bad boys is. Actually, I don't want to know"Pros: The cookies are fantastic. Soft and delicious. Tax included, so if you are paying cash you get nice round numbers. Cons: The price. $1.25 for a cookie is a bit ridiculous, but they are really good. Eat too many and you'll get a stomach ache though.Overall a great place to get cookies, expensive, but it is alright to go to every once in awhile. If these cookies were half of the price maybe I could justify a 5 star rating, but not with them being $1.25 a piece (they used to be $1 and I thought that was still a lot).I was going to do a side-by-side comparison to the cookie jar down the street, but they were closed, so I guess that will have to wait until after lent.
4	This is a long overdue review considering I haven't had Insomnia cookies since I graduated college in 2005 (I'm old!) and yelp didn't even exist back then (I'm still old!) but I have nothing but fond memories of the warm, gooey, chocolate chip cookies that were delivered to my campus apartment on 6th and Chalmers. Back then I think they only had chocolate chip (Get off my lawn!) so it's nice to see they've branched into other variations of cookies and baked goods. Enjoy your cookie/baked goods delivery service you youngins, because it doesn't exist in the big city (Seriously, get off my lawn!)
3	I'm a definite sucker for cookies, cakes, and any type of dessert.My brother and I ordered a za from papa Del's, but we had some time to kill, so i searched the area and found insomnia cookies. I remember seeing a special on TV at some point about this place, so that's kind of cool (hello pointless tangent).Anyways, the menu has ice cream, cookies, and deluxe cookies. My bro and I decided on splitting a deluxe cookie sandwich: Two s'mores cookies with Vanilla IC as the filling. It turned into two cookies and soup on our drive back to his house, but the cookies were fantastic. I heated mine up in the microwave for 20 seconds, and it was super gooey, which i like. (almost too long). In hindsight, we should have just purchased the 2 deluxe cookies (2.50 a piece, plus a dollar for the IC), but ya live and ya learn.I know this review may not make sense so far. Everything I've said would make Insomnia a 5 star joint. However, the staff was extremely loud (there were 7 of them working at 845 on a Saturday night...). One of the  'drivers' was showing a photo to a coworker and shrieked at something the coworker showed her. This all happened while we were in the very small restaurant. Also, the step in front in super annoying. Finally, although I'm willing to spend $$, 2.50 for a cookie that probably cost about .60 cents to make? I guess I see why they can hire so many workers. Also, judging by other reviews, sounds like the delivery service sucks.I would most likely go back if I was in the neighborhood, but I'm not rushing to get back by anymeans.
3	Don't let the review fool you, I think the cookies are amazing. They're warm, gooey and sweet. I don't think they're expensive if you don't have them delivered. 1.25 per cookie, and they fill you up pretty fast. BUT I have honestly never come across such awful service. I don't go as often as I'd like just because I feel so awkward going in there. There's usually at least 4 or 5 employees at night time, and they never greet you- even when you say hi. Then while you're ordering and you say please and thank you, they don't say one word. Then they have the nerve to put a tip jar on the counter? Please, show me some good service and I'll be happy to tip you. But if a customer walks in with no attitude and an all around friendly demeanor, I don't know why it kills them to be nice. So if you're looking for a delicious cookie, definitely go here. Just be wary of the service.
2	I'll admit that the cookies here are quite delicious. HOWEVER, that only counts if you actually receive them. Every time I've ordered from Insomnia Cookies, they've always failed to deliver the correct number of cookies that I ordered. And on top of that, they tend to take their sweet time with their deliveries. If you have a sweet tooth and you anticipate that you will have a case of the munchies in the future, do yourself a favor and order in advance.
3	I like the cookies. They are reasonably priced and quite tasty. The customer service is always a bit strange, though. I am sure that this business caters very well to drunk and stoned students but I also get the feeling that the staff are super stoned when I go there as they seem totally checked out.If you want a good cookie, check out Insomnia.
4	My mom baked a lot when I was growing up, so when I'm away from home I miss fresh baked sweets.  Insomnia cookies come close to filling that void.  They serve them warm, what a concept!  They are gooey and delicious, even though they are a bit expensive.  (This works out okay for me, I would eat more of them if they were cheaper!)I've read the other reviews, seems like people have had trouble with the service.  I've never had a problem with the store service, or the delivery.  The delivery was a little  slow a few times, but I figured there were lots of people with late night cookie cravings like me!
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE!!!  Yes, the cookies are delicious, but the SERVICE IS TERRIBLE.  First their website was difficult to navigate and wouldn't let me checkout, then their order line went no where, when I called the store I was unpleasantly told that they do not take phone orders, and that I should check my internet connection if I was having difficulty.  HA!  When I finally got the order in, I NEVER GOT MY COOKIES DELIVERED!!  They had my address but the wrong phone number and couldn't be bothered to walk up a flight of stairs.  I ended up having to go get the cookies and then had to wait when I got there. I don't know if they were all stoned or just plain rude and incompetent, but this is not the first time I have had problems with their delivery and service.  But it will be the LAST!!
4	Cookies were excellent. Warm and chewy right when I picked them up. However, they do get hard after a few days if not eaten right away. Though I haven used their delivery, it is nice that they deliver late into the night. Any of their cookies with chocolate are really good. Their sugar cookies are average; probably would not get again. Overall the cookies are great and are great to bring to parties.
3	The cookies are really, really gooey and delicious, though often hard to travel with. Alas, that's the downside of getting oven-fresh cookies, and something that I'll just have to deal with. The biggest problem is the price- unless you're buying a box for a dorm or a party or something, the things are expensive. I can get a much bigger cookie elsewhere for only a little more, and so I don't come here very often.
5	My SO and I were disappointed with dinner and wanted a good late - night  snack. He suggested  Insomnia Cookies. Pros:-You can order ahead for later delivery!-They are so yummy and gooey! -Chocolate chunk and snicker doodle are amazing!-SO said peanut butter and oatmeal raisin were delicious!-Delivered still warm! -Website was super easy to navigate. Cons:-Cookies are a little expensive at $14 for twelve cookies, but I don't plan on buying cookies every day, and they are absolutely delicious. Overall: Would definitely recommend and buy again! Amazing!
4	Sometimes I think that I actually have insomnia which means this is a great establishment for someone like me who is a night owl. It's open till 3:00am for those who have a hankering for some sweet cookies. They bake them fresh but they cost $1.35 a piece. You can get some bulk deals when you order online at their website.
2	Warm summer night, I grab a cookie/icecream sandwhich. Not worth it, at all: fell apart in seconds. Was expecting frozen cookies as a base, got hot cookies that turned it into a horrid mess. Just tell me if an item isn't ready yet. Would not go/recommend.
4	I went around 2:30 am the other day and tried their cookies for the first time. I am still thinking about it...enough for me to write a review at 1:30 am. Try their white chocolate macadamia sooooo good, the chocolate chunk, not so much.
4	The s'mores cookie is exceptional. Served warm and gooey!
4	I can't tell if this is the best or the worst thing to happen to uiuc's campus but it is sure popular. Great for drunk people who really need their late night snack delivered to them. My boyfriend is obsessed and always has to order it every time he's down here which worries me b/c I'm afraid about him becoming a chubby chub. But besides the point, If you're into soft warm cookies, then this is the place for you. I personally am more into cooler harder cookies so I choose to eat them the next day. The other thing that kinda annoys me is that they're always out if snicker doodle but overall great place and smart idea.
4	i LOVE LOVE LOVE their cookies!!!!! so warm, so soft, so deeelicious!!!!!!!!! omg, im drooling right now  ~ :p i wish they could be a little bit cheaper, but what can i say, they got goooood cookies! ^0^
1	Ordered a cookie cake for my boyfriend as we are long distance. For the price, I did not expect him to receive it burnt with extremely sloppy icing. The cookie cake was unacceptable. Will never order from here again.
5	Not really sure who could give this place a bad review! What's is possibly better than getting hot, fresh, gooey cookies delivered to your door at all hours of the day/night?!?! They also make great little gifts! I have ordered Insomnia a few times to have delivered to my boyfriend just as a happy! **Just a tip, they don't decorate their cookie cakes very well. It was good, just illegible!  I give these guys mad props!
1	Insomnia cookies is a disaster. Friends and I ordered through grubhub, and waited 2 and a half HOURS for our ice cream cookie sandwiches. Called in a few times and people on the phone were just annoyed and condescending. Once the delivery came, we brought it inside and realized they had not given us forks or napkins. We ate it with our fingers and didn't even enjoy the chocolate ice cream, as it seemed to actually be frozen yogurt. Not ordering a delivery from here again.
