5	This is the OG triple OG Quiktrip. The summer this one opened in high school, they had free soda FOR THREE MONTHS! It was the best summer of my life. All Quiktrips dominate all gas stations and convenience stores. The staff is always friendly and you never have to wait in line cause they check you out as fast as possible. I get kinda anxious cause everyone is moving so freaking fast and it makes me nervous. Their donuts are F'n amazing! Their Maple Bars are the size of your F'n forearm and melt in your mouth. Their deli sandwiches and breakfast sandwiches are great. They sell cold 2 liters and 12 packs of soda. I would live in a convenience store if I could. My wife hates going with me cause I like to walk around looking for new snacks and take my time like I am in Toys R Us or something. All Quiktrips are awesome and would pick it over ANY store out there.
5	This is the QT I visit most frequently.  I actually go out of my way to visit QTs because I feel they are superior to all other gas stations in AZ and I'm not even talking about the price of the gas.  I'm talking about the friendliness of the staff, the good selection of stuff in the store, and the general good vibe of the place.  The place is always well lit and I especially like that pumps are rarely ever out of order.  Another plus is that in general all QTs are more "roomy" than other stations which lets cars maneuver more easily.
3	QuikTrip is almost a necessity. I need my frozen coffee to get through the day. And for the price, it's even tastier! I never thought I'd enjoy something from a gas station so much.
4	QT stores are clean, organized with awesome customer service to boot. QT gas with their $125 hold on debit/credit cards is no bueno.
4	This has to be the friendliest QT -- indeed, one of the friendliest gas stations -- I've ever been in. I stopped here for a cold drink recently after taking a grad school exam at the library and before heading to Phoenix. They have several pumps, good parking, and lots of goodies inside. QTs usually seem to have more of a snack variety than some other gas stations. The folks behind the counter were really friendly -- much appreciated on a hot day when I was thirsty and brain-fried. This location is at a busy intersection in Tempe, so be careful. As of my trip last week, there's also construction in the area.
4	Clean, super fast and generally well run. What else do you need in a convenience mart?
5	I go out of my way to go to QT for any gas station need....
5	Quik trip has been my favorite gas station since moving to AZ. They have everything you could want, with the obvious thing being gas, to a wall of slushies, and lots of snack options with great prices. They carry great powerbar/granola bar options including 'the kind', and they even have spinach wraps from the deli area if you suddenly realize you are craving one. I can't resist the mocha slushies, and fresh fruit cups either. Another huge star for this and all quik trips, is the very friendly lightening speed employees. Quik trip you will always be my first choice:)
