3	While this place is in a shopping center, it's a whole lot bigger than you'd expect, & the food is pretty good as well. While I do have the perception that Mexican food is really tough to screw up, Don Pedro's is above average in the taste department. I think the only negative is the price, when you can get just as good Mexican at some lesser known places for cheaper.There's plenty of seating, so the lunch crowd usually moves through pretty quickly. The seating area is also pretty wide open so you can take quite a bit of people along with you. They also have a separate bar area as well as outdoor patio seating. They serve the typical mexican dishes & everything is pretty tasty but won't blow you away. They have free chips & salsa which is always a plus & two types of salsa as well. I like their pico salsa better than their runny stuff, but both are fine considering their price. Don Pedro's is good if you're with a large lunch group during work, the food will satisfy you, and you'll get in & out pretty quickly.
4	It's not often that I'm this far on this side of town, but one night we were and we decided to stop in to Don Pedro since we have been to the one on Independence a number of times.  I'd have to assume that they are run by the same folks, based on the menu and selections offered, even though they don't look anything like each other.While the Independence location is in a massive - even cavernous - building, this one probably offers the same amount of seating, but it's in a more traditional arrangement and you just don't notice it because the booths are in separate rooms rather than one big one.The portions are good-sized, and as Nick mentions, you get free chips and salsa (a common thread among American-Mexican restaurants in Charlotte), and the taste of the food you'll get is fairly similar as well.Service at both this location and the Independence location is friendly and quick, and the food is served quickly to boot.  While it isn't anything fancy, it's definitely a place that will come in useful if you have a craving for Mexican that needs to be satisfied.
3	Found this place on a whim. The beans and rice were good. Ground beef was greasier than anticipated. (And it was anticipated to be greeasssy). Might go again if I feel like eating unhealthy. Tasted pretty good over all.
2	If there weren't better options in Charlotte, I would probably rate this place a 3 or 3.5 but there are better.  The food wasn't bad; it just wasn't anything special.  The prices weren't any better than any other place either.My main complaint was that the cheese used in the enchiladas was a wierd yellow color instead of the white cheese used in most other Mexican restaurants.  The taste was off as well.
4	I dig this place. Most Mexican restaurants are run down, tired old places that don't exactly exude "quality". The atmosphere here is clean and polished. The servings are huge, and the dishes are more savory than your usual combo platters. It's a great place for a group dinner or a casual date.
4	They are trying really hard to be a higher class of Mexican restaurant, from the displayed special in the entry way to the theme dressed hostess and waitstaff and even the fresh guacamole cart that wanders the restauant (dude, get a tip jar, that plastic bucket thing is tacky).The food is very good, as good as any other Mexican I've had in the Charlotte area. I had a shredded pork burrito, which was served with a generous portion of rice and beans though a small dash of guacamole on top. We also had a bowl of hot queso to go with the chips, but the bowl used to serve cooled off quickly, ending up with a chilled mass of mushy cheese.The margarita was maybe not as strong as it could have been, served in a fishbowl sized glass with a wedge of lime. The follow-up beer was served with a chilled and frosty mug.The prices were pretty good, maybe more expensive than the usual Mexican place, but they are a higher class of restaurant and so it was deserved. Would I return? Probably yes.
4	This place is clean, fast, inexpensive and good! I have never had dinner here, but I do grab a quick lunch two or three times a month and they never disappoint. The staff is friendly and very accommodating.
5	A Friday night favorite for my husband and I since we moved to Charlotte- we started out going to the Tryon location, but now visit the Pineville location on a regular basis because it's closer to our new home. Both locations offer excellent service and great food at reasonable prices. I think on the whole I give the edge to the Pineville location, as they actually have better rice and a few additional things on the menu that the Tryon location doesn't offer.If you're looking for some of the more authentic dishes, ask to see the picture menu- it offers several dishes that aren't on the english menu (at least at the Pineville location).If you're looking for value, you cant go wrong with the combination platters- it's a ton of food for super cheap (especially if you go for lunch). And of course, every meal starts with free chips and salsa (two different kinds, a true salsa and a pico de gallo). They also make all their tortillas fresh, and at the Pineville location you can watch them being made at an open station near the kitchens.
3	Don Pedro's is a good spot.  Probably the best Mexican I've had in this little area so far.  Their lunch specials are really affordable, most are $5.95 and they serve salsa and pico de gallo with their chips.  Yum!  The wait staff is friendly and quick and they wear little Spaniard-esque uniforms.  I had a chicken enchilada and chicken taco combo and was satisfied with the selection.  At the end of the meal they brought out some type of cinnamon/raspberry sauce giant chip with whip cream on top.  Nice little meal ending surprise.
4	The shredded beef burrito and lunch fajitas are really good. A great place to eat lunch.
4	Great food with HUGE servings
3	2.5 stars - Cheap and insanely huge....For $7-8 you can have enough food to tip the scale over a few notches...I recommend sharing I tend to go for the #33 lunch special with a tostada and cheese enchilada. I preferred La Paz's enchiladas but now they are gone....so these will do. The food is sort of one note- cheesy.. Speaking of cheesy their queso is some of the better I've had (I am not an imitation cheese fan). The guac is just ok - wish they spiced it up a bit more and added more lime. A co-worker of mine ordered the veggie quesadilla - and honestly it was beyond even what a large plate is and was filled with huge chunks of once frozen veggies - cauliflower, broccoli, green peppers, onions. She said the veggies must have been cooked in a thicker oil (not something like olive oil) - and the flavor was odd. So  if you don't eat meat I think a better option (taste and sadly even calorie-wise) is the cheese enchilada. This wouldn't be a place I would go out of my way to go to, but I go as a group work lunch and haven't been  disappointed - not the best,  not the worst....just plain ok...
3	Good food and margaritas, especially for the price. Was disappointed that the "table side" guacamole was made in the kitchen.
4	great place for mexican! went here with a group of friends and we all had a great time. great service, great food!
2	My friend and I came here after work for margaritas and to just catch up. We ordered fried ice cream to share, a pina colada for myself and a strawberry margarita for her (both frozen). The interior is well-decorated. This location is a bit fancier than the E. Independence one. The E. Independence location is more casual, replicating the scenery in Mexico.DO NOT order the fried ice cream. First of all, the ice cream isn't even fried. It is just blobs of ice cream in a fried bowl, drenched with whipped cream, chocolate and other toppings. Basically, a sundae in a fried bowl.I tasted my friend's strawberry margarita. It were okay, nothing special. I definitely have had better pina coladas. I guess I had higher expectations for a Mexican restaurant. I do love that they come in giant glasses. Neither of us were able to finish (weak sauce.. I know =P). I do confess that it's probably not because of the percentage of alcohol in the drinks but rather the fact that neither of us have developed tolerance lolWe didn't try the food at this location, but I've tried the E. Independence location. I'm not a huge Mexican food fan and this place did not do much to sway me otherwise. If you want a large portion for $4-$6 entrees, you should come check out their lunch specials. The dishes are filled with beans as a side item and covered in cheese. That's great if this suits your palette, but personally, I think it just results in a very heavy, awful feeling (not so great if you can't nap afterwards and have to go back to work =/). If you love freebies, you'll love this place! You'll get free, bottomless chips/salsa and a sweet treat at the end of your meal (though I'm pretty sure this is typical in most Mexican restaurants).
4	Hello Friends, (Its been awhile)We ventured out today in hopes of finding something "new". I was in the area so we popped in. Reading the review of another yelper we tried this place out. When entering the location you have the "bar" to the right and the dining area to your left. Pretty nice looking bar from what I saw. I'll have to come back and pony up to it at another time.Table Side Guac.... umm umm good. (Albeit too good. I ate way too much of it.)2 different kinds of salsa, Thick, and Runny.Ordered 2 Margarita's (no no no.. not JUST FOR ME.. but my gf also) = 15.00We both ordered the number 37 (thanks for the tip Shaun R.)I ate way too much salsa and chips (came out pretty hot.. thats a good thing). Trying to soak up the liq. in those margarita(s). Ok ok.. I "helped" my gf finish hers' off. The wait was a bit long for the amount of pp in the building. (maybe 4 other tables 2 already had their food)Food, Drink & Tip for two = about 33.00.15.00 of the 33.00 was for the 2 drinks.. I think thats a pretty good bargain. Since I STILL have leftovers. We came in around 2:15pm (Lunch special 11am - 3pm)This place get the Arnold (I'll Beee BacccK)see pics
4	This place is really yummy.  The seating layout and open floor plan makes it a bit loud, but the food makes up for that big time.  Huge portions, you will need to come hungry or take a bunch home to eat later.  For the prices you get a lot.  Margaritas are also great!  I'm usually a little picky about Mexican food, so I can say this places is unique and delicious.  Table side Guacamole is an interesting new twist and the wait staff was so polite and attentive (but not overly so which is nice in my opinion).
3	Sometimes I just really want Mexican food, and this place does enough to satisfy that craving.  It's a little bit nicer than some of the other local Mexican places but still very casual.It's a pretty standard setup for a Mexican Restaurant.  You sit down and get the chips and salsa.  I am not a huge fan of the salsa.  I prefer a thicker salsa with more interesting things going on in it, but the salsa here is pretty runny and ordinary.  There are lots of beverages so if you enjoy the mixed concoctions you will probably find something you enjoy. The food is pretty good.  I most recently got the tacos al carbon which was one of the best things I've ordered here.  It consisted of sliced steak inside of corn tortillas.  It came with the standard refried beans, rice, and lettuce/tomato/guac/sour cream situation.  Lots of food!The service is okay but not exceptional.  Our waters stayed full and our beers kept coming, so I was satisfied.  You probably will be too if you give this place a shot.
3	3.5 stars! A co-worker took me to this restaurant and I was glad to find Mexican restaurant that was truly a Mexican restaurant - not a Tex-Mex one disguised as Mexican. We sat down fairly quickly,as it was a bit early for lunch, and we were given chips and salsa right away. The chips were hot and really good.  We also ordered the cheese dip - which reminded me of the queso from Salsarita's - it was good but I don't know if I'd go out of my way to order it again.  I'm from Southern California, we don't get cheese dip in Mexican restaurants. Because I'm trying to be a good Catholic girl, I gave up meat for Lent, so my food choices at the moment are a bit limited.  I ordered the Camarones Mexicanos (shrimp -I'm allowed seafood) with corn tortillas.  It came out quickly and hot.  The shrimp size were decent and was served with avocado on a bed of rice, ranchero sauce, cheese, green bell peppers, mushrooms, and onions. It was a nice, filling lunch.  They do have very good service, the servers are very attentive. I'd go back because, so far, it's the most authentic Mexican cuisine I can find in Charlotte. And by all means, if any other Yelpers have any other suggestions - please let me know :).
4	The better of the two mexican restaurants during my stay in Charlotte.Plan on a long lunch if you go. They were very busy and we had a tale of 6. So, it took them awhile to serve us all. As I watched I never saw an employee on the floor that was not doing something. Nobody was hiding in a corner ignoring customers. Food was good and arrived hot.Their table-side guacamole service was a nice touch and the guacamole was tasty.Hot chips.Ordered a combo plate with chili rellano, beef taco and cheese enchilada. Did not expect the rellano to be stuffed with beef, but it was.I was not impressed with the meat in the relleno and taco. It was seasoned ground beef which reminds me of fast food tacos. Does that ring a "bell"?They had an interesting hot sauce. I think it was the juice from canned green chilies and some chopped onions and other seasoning. Was not bad.Everyone else at the table was happy with their selections. They frequent this place and were familiar with the menu. I will be back if in the area again.
3	Salsa needs to be thicker...sorry. I didn't ask for water downed tomato juice with a little cilantro and chopped onion, but what did you give me....just that. Seriously this place is legit good. I am bitter about the salsa, but I will live. Decent service(it seems like when you ask they don't acknowledge you they just walk away and you hope they bring you what you want). All and all good stuff. 3 out of 5 ain't so bad.
4	Love it, love it, love it!  Good food, great prices, excellent service.
5	My wife and I were looking for some good Mexican food and we are new to the area.  We are really glad we stopped in...the food was excellent, service was great too.  I recommend the queso dip, it was amazing.  I tried a bit of everything, taco, tostada and an enchilada and the ground beef was excellent.  We have already been back once and I can assure you this will be a regular place for us.
1	We ate at Don Pedro's last night.  I am currently laying on the couch in the fetal position after a full night of food poisoning.  The food was also not very good.  DO NOT GO HERE.
3	Stopped by to grab a quick bite before an art class at Cajun canvas. The vegetarian options were few but delicious. I got the enchiladas de Popeye - spinach and cheese enchiladas. They were delicious! Perfect cheese to spinach ratio. The salsa was good but the chips had a greasy taste to them. I guess that was a good thing because I didn't stuff myself with chips first. Overall decent friendly service although when it came to getting the check and paying our server seemed to disappear.
5	In order this review to have some weight, let's say I eat Mexican food at Laredo, TX, Nogales AZ, Tucson, AZ, Brownsville, TX, etc.The food is amazing.salsa is very good with flavor and fresh ingredients.the plate is actually a tray. 14"plate. Ladies, in case you were mislead on size, this is as big as pizza size.The interior is big, decorated and very clean.service A+.portion size is generous and prices are in part par with other Mexican restaurants. Don't read negative reviews place is worth it.Carne asada is fashizl!!
3	I stopped in for lunch with a few co-workers. The place was pretty packed when we arrived which is always a good sign for a newbie! While we waited we checked out the menu and lunch specials. The prices for their lunch combos was pretty reasonable! Once we were finally seated we got the chips and salsa. I wasn't a fan of either, the chips were fine (I guess) but just not my personal favorite...and the salsa was way to watery for me! For lunch I ordered the Ranchera quesadilla. It comes along side rice and beans, with your choice of chicken or ground beef and then gets topped with sour cream, guacamole, tomato and cheese.My plate arrived to the table hot so that was a huge plus! The portion size was just right! But the chicken could have used a bit more seasoning, I wasn't a fan of the beans (covered in cheese) and the rice was a bit crunchy. Blah. So for now this place is just okay! It's certainly not the best Mexican I've ever had but I'm at least willing to try another dish and a margarita and see if they can't win me over!
4	After five years, we're back to Don Pedro for a late lunch on the weekend. It hasn't changed at all. My daughter and I ended up in one of the booths along the wall.The food is still good and the portions are -massive-. The plate in the entryway is what you're going to end up with so be ready. I had the Deluxe Burrito and there was a ton of it. It might be hard to tell in my picture, but buried under that sour cream and guacamole is a large burrito stuffed with chicken.My daughter chose the chicken fajitas and there was also a lot there. Only three tortillas, but plenty of chicken, onions and peppers.Drinks were refilled. The queso is no longer a problem - it probably wasn't poured into a cold bowl so it stayed cheesy until our entrees arrived.Service was quick. Table-side guacamole is available too.If you're looking for fancier Mexican, you've found it. Don Pedro is a step above the usual Mexican places along Burrito Way.
4	I didn't really want to eat here when I first drove by to be honest .    But , my family decided to go and I went along.....I was greeted extremely well at the entrance and immediately felt comfortable.   Then I ordered a number 22.   I have to say this place is a great place to go if you are starving ! The plate was HUGE!!! I was so stuffed and satisfied.    Also its nice to get well cooked rice and refried beans.    That actually have taste.   I would have liked everything a little spicier , but I'm kind of a spice head.   All together I would say I would go again.
4	It was a good lunch experience there, nice location, lots of people, and nice waitress who would suggested you to order less because of their big portion. I went there for fortune cookie 2 but changed my mind last minute, probably because of paella. So, they do have paella, but I have to say the scallop and mussel were a bit over salted.....Anything else was good, I liked the idea that they put avocado in paella.
5	Love this place mans the food always good the staff is always nice and the price for lunch is really good!! Dinner price isn't overly priced either and besides they give u a giant plate of food! Definitely a great for Mexican food!!!
1	This just may be the worst Mexican food I've ever eaten, and I've eaten quite a bit of Mexican in my life.My husband and I visited on a Thursday night. We waited for about 5 minutes in the foyer area before just seating ourselves in the dining room. Maybe we should have picked the bar, since we ended up waiting another 15 minutes before a waiter came to take our drink order. The service did not improve as the night went on; we had to ask several times for drink refills and finally for the check. My husband had a burrito and I ordered the Carnitas De Res. He was not impressed, but did not dislike his entree. I, on the other hand, could not eat more than a couple bites of mine. The steak had a strange plastic-y flavor. I assume it was just old meat. The cactus salad was also sad and strange tasting. I filled up on the beans and rice and we left the restaurant as quickly as possible. Salsa's, down the street in Ayrsley, is priced a bit higher. However, the food actually edible. We will definitely be skipping Don Pedro in the future.
5	My husband and I visited this restaurant with low expectations, as we we're die-hard fans of our local Mexican cuisine; however, he and I both were pleasantly surprised with both the excellent service and delicious food options! I strongly recommend this restaurant to anyone either passing through, or for your new local favorite! My husband had the chicken quesadilla, and I chose the chicken fajita. I highly recommend both!
4	Killer margaritas.  Food portions huge. Very tasty. Go there hungry. Very reasonable price wise. Waitstaff very attentative.  Nothing bad to say. Will be a regular.
4	No small portions at this place! The beans and rice took up 75% of the space on the plate. ( I ordered chicken tacos.) Everything satisfied me. The juice from the meat spilled onto my top but no worries. ( That just demonstrates how marinated the meat was!) It doesn't exceed the Mexican food in California but it'll do for now.
3	So, in search for another restaurant, that I was unable to find, I decided to check out Don Pedro's.  It was around noon on Sunday afternoon and I was seated at a nice booth in the bar.  I was immediately greeted with chips and salsa, which probably was my least favorite part of the meal. The chips were just okay, not bad, but definitely not good.  However, the salsa, way to runny for my liking, and it had somewhat of a tomato sauce flavor. I ordered a house margarita, why not, it was after 12 on a Sunday, and the lunch chicken fajitas. The margarita hit the spot and definitely had a good kick of tequila. Honestly, I debated a second, ha ha! The fajitas came out sizzling with peppers and onions and just the right amount of chicken.  I received rice, beans, guacamole, lettuce and sour cream with four flour tortillas. The entree was great and I loved the beans and guacamole.  Overall, I enjoyed my meal, but do wish the salsa and chips were better, fresh and more salsa like. And, other Yelpers raved about the service, which I thought was just okay.  Maybe it was being in the bar, but there were other tables around me and I felt the bartender was overwhelmed.  If I am in the area I would definitely give Don Pedro's another visit, especially for the margaritea.
3	I go here quite often with the family and its always consistent. The people are friendly, the food is good. Its fairly typical Mexican fare. I think most of these restaurant's must get their menu and supplies from the same place. I went to a Mexican restaurant in Charleston, with a different name, almost the exact same menu. Azteca-same menu too. Here you start off with free chips and salsa. You can get fresh guacamole made at your table. A nice touch. They have a great white cheese dip. Be careful not to fill up on the free chips, because you have a boat load of food coming out. I like the Burrito Azteca (mix of chicken, shrimp), with enough cheese and sour cream poured on top to croak you. You get a giant plate with beans, rice, and your burrito.My wife got the steak quesadilla. Again, huge. My daughter got a "small combination", enchilada, rice, beans. My other daughter a streak fajita. We always have enough food left over for lunch the next day. And I usually leave here thinking, "why did I eat so much?"Add in a cold Pacifico brew or a Top Shelf Margarita and you have a pretty decent meal.The atmosphere is just ok. Its in a strip mall after all. But its clean. They recently installed new tables, lights, etc. The staff is friendly. They have an outside seating area if you like. I've sat there before, but tend to not like it because of flies.All in, a pretty solid meal. Not the most healthy and not something you'll get too exited about, but pretty good. I find myself coming back, again and again.
4	As previous reviews have stated, the portions here are HUGE! I ordered a Deluxe Chicken Burrito and certainly was not disappointed. We started off with their chips, salsa, and table side guacamole. The chips are a bit thicker than I like, but tasty nonetheless. The salsa is quite thin and the guacamole isn't overwhelming with lime and salt like some other restaurants. The staff hasn't been very warm and welcoming, but I wasn't expecting southern hospitality from a traditional Mexican joint. They are attentive and refill beverage/chips/salsa. My boyfriend ordered the steak fajitas and I'm a little jealous of the flavorful sauce in which they've marinated the meat. The "fixings" they serve along the fajitas are just the same as what is served on top of my burrito; guacamole, lettuce, sour cream, tomato with rice and beans alongside. He was a little disappointed with that, but it worked perfectly with my meal. All in all, Don Pedro is definitely a location I will try again to see if there are even better GIANTS meals to enjoy.
2	Don Pedro is a stop that does the job. Portions are huge and prices are reasonable. I've tried a few entrees here and and all have been ok. My husband liked his mixed grill entree and I must admit it was pretty dang good. Drinks are good, service is prompt and an on the house dessert at the end didn't hurt. Overall Don Pedro is OK to me. I'll go back for the heck of it and try some other items on the menu.  A lot of ppl like this place, so maybe I'm not ordering from the right side of the menu. It's close to home and convenient, priced well and lots of food - so another shot it is :)
