4	Without Godzilla's review, I would totally not even known about this new restaurant called Koraku Ramen.  As I am not Japanese, not a subscriber to their phone tree or otherwise connected to the local Japanese social network scene.  So Hoodie, aka Godzilla X, thanks for bringing this new Japanese eatery to the attention of Yelp users.Koraku Ramen, is a small chain restaurant from California (Little Tokyo and Sherman Oaks) that finally relocated their other Nevada location to Las Vegas.  So for those of you who have visited their other locations, you guys will probably be very familiar with their menu.  As for me, this is most likely the very first time I have ever been to one of their restaurants.  The LV branch is located in the same plaza as Krung Siam, Pho Little Saigon, Quiznos and Starbucks Coffee, on the SE corner of Spring Mountain and Valley View.  Currently there is no signage indicating the name (or it was not put out on my first visit on Tuesday around 6pm) and unless you happened to read a little Japanese and can kinda sorta maybe translate the little "We're Open" sign near their front door, it will be hard to guess what kind of food they might serve.The restaurant interior is pretty simply decorated, with a giant poster of an classic Japanese movie hanging above what looks like the exterior seating area of a ramen-ya in Japan.  There are additional smaller, classic Japanese movie posters on the wall, but you will have to tilt your head back to see them. Which is cool, because I enjoy watching old Japanese movies, and it kind of reminded me of the decor of the ramen museum (Yokohama, Japan) I visited with a a group of friends a few years back.  Seats in the booth are surprisingly comfortable, thanks to the cushy cushions for our tushies.  It is the next best thing for our arse, than a pricier Derriere Facial.  Such thoughtfulness is very much appreciated.The menu features entrees served with rice (such as various curries, katsu, sweet & sour pork meatballs), fried rice and noodles, and 1/3 of the menu dedicated to their diverse line up of ramen.  Here are my impressions of the food I tried on my two visits (dinner and lunch):Shoyu Ramen:  Broth was mild but flavorful, not overly salty compared to most local ramen restaurants.  Chasu is nice, but could be even more tender and flavorful. Suggested add-ons:  Wakame, 3 slices of Chasu, and Ajitsuke Tamago (Japanese flavored soft boiled egg).  (3.5/5)Pork Fried Rice:  Simply prepared. Tasty.  (3.5/5)Gyoza:  Nothing extraordinary, but prepared well.  Has nice crispy base, and is a good appetizer.  Server recommended that we eat it with the spicy oil (Ra-Yu). (3.5/5)Beef Curry on Rice:  Decent.  (3/5)Spicy House Special Ramen (mild):  Pretty good portion. A lot of ingredients, even without any add-ons.  Leosdianto L. commented that it kind of reminded him of ramen we make at home, and I agree.  (3.5/5)Nikudango (Sweet & Sour Pork Meatballs):  The sauce seems to be on the salty side, but I didn't try this with rice.  Reminded me of meatballs on a skewer, without the pineapple and the stick.  (3/5)Service (early dinner): We were the only there, so service was excellent.  The evening crew seems to be staff by mostly Japanese mothers.  They were very friendly, attentive, and food came out of the kitchen fairly quickly. (4.5/5)Service during the lunch rush (customers were overwhelmingly Japanese ex-pats, including local business owners and social gathering of house wives. When I closed my eyesand listen to their conversation, which I can't understand at all, it almost felt like I am in Japan without the cost of flight and hours on the plane) was friendly and attentive, but took the kitchen noticeably longer to serve up two bowls of ramen. (2.5/5)Obviously the restaurant is very new, so it is super clean, and I expect that it will be maintained that way.Parking. Not all that much (maybe 85) parking spaces in this tiny strip mall when it gets really busy. And there are no street parking in the immediate surrounding, being on the corner of two high traffic streets.  Big city dwellers will be used to that, for the rest be patient or walk a block or two.  (3/5)Final thoughts. Koraku, once it has been opened for awhile and worked out most of the new restaurant kinks, it will be a respectable competition to other local Japanese restaurants that primarily serve ramen and curry.  Ramen combo deals (ramen + 1/2 order of fried rice or curry rice) is a good value for the Hungry-Man (R) and Hungry-Woman (patent registration pending).P.S. It was great running into Mike C. and James I on my first visit.  Thanks for inviting me to join your party.  You guys are cool!P.P.S.  Now accepting cash, credit and debit, gold and silver coins, and I.O.U.s from your pals.3.5 stars.
5	Really delicious ramen. A++ on the soup base.  I had the miso ramen and had them make it spicy.Noodles were on par.  Cha shu was really good too.  (Apparently homemade)I also ordered the curry over rice.That was also very good.  Nothing bad to say only good!kEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!I will be back soon
5	Forgive the lateness of this review. Usually when a new ramen-ya opens up in LV, I line up outside the door on opening day. Problem is that I've recently entered a PsyD program that has completely consumed my life. I'm lucky to sleep 2-4 hours a night before having to go to work and then school. I actually didn't have time to come here today, but one of the students in my learning group really wanted to try this place out and he even offered to pay for it. I couldn't say no to a free lunch. So, we have a lot of odd ball ramen-yas here in Las Vegas. Typically, in other cities in America, the most common variations of ramen are: Sapporo, Tokyo, and Hakata. But, here in LV we have a rare Kurume ramen-ya and an Osaka ramen-ya which dominate our ramen scene. I've lived in the Japanese districts of Los Angeles county and have never seen a Kurume or Osaka variation. But, even though Las Vegas has so many rare variations of ramen, we have never had a Tokyo ramen-ya.  And back in Los Angeles we had 100s of Hakata ramen-yas but only one lonely Tokyo ramen-ya. And that LA Tokyo ramen-ya just happened to be......KORAKU. So, you can see why I don't know what a good Tokyo ramen is supposed to taste like. But, after reading Hooto's review, I knew it had to be good. If a man who is from Tokyo is vouching that a restaurant has a good Shoyu ramen, then it erases all my doubts. The prices here are very low compared to the KORAKUs in California. My bowl of Shoyu ramen was only $6.95, compared to the $11 I paid 5 years ago when I last went to a KORAKU in California. The first thing Japanese people do when they enter a new ramen-ya is ask "what regional variation of ramen is served here?". When I asked this at the California location, the server said " I is... don't know". When I asked here, the server immediately answered "Tokyo". I was really happy that the servers had a lot of ramen knowledge. BTW, I miss the days when Japanese restaurant owners used to force their non-asian workers to learn to speak Japanese.KORAKU gives a free slice of Naruto-maki with each bowl of ramen! Sora, Fukumimi, and Monta don't do that. My Shoyu broth was perfect. My Dad grew up in Hawaii, and he used to tell me that Shoyu broth is best when fish bones are used instead of traditional chicken. KORAKU's  broth did have a hint of fish, but it wasn't very noticeable. Anyway, I thought it was very good and much better than Monta's Shoyu. I loved the thin yet slightly curly noodles. Shoyu is always supposed to have thinner curly noodles, but no other place here in LV does that. Sora has curly Sapporo noodles but they are way too thick for Shoyu.  I liked the ramen so much that I called my Dad in California and told him that I found the best Tokyo Shoyu Ramen-ya in America. My Dad is one of those guys who insists that ramen on the mainland can't compare to ramen in Hawaii so he told me to shut up.A friend told me that KORAKU had Tan Tan Men. When I showed up, it turned out it was Tanmen. I can't count how many times in the last 10 years this has happened to me. It sucks how this place had to open up during the same week as Monta part 2(which many of us Sansei/Yonsei have nicknamed "Monta Strikes Back"). I noticed that Monta 2 is always extremely busy while KORAKU usually only has 2-3 people in it. For some odd reason which I will never understand, people here in LV have this idea that Monta is "the best" and that all ramen should be compared to their Tonkotsu. This is far from the truth. I've only met a handful of Japanese people who think Monta is "good ramen". Most Japanese people I know think Monta is one of your typical Las Vegas "tourist traps" and cannot compare to Katsu & Daisuke's Fukumimi or Yoshi's Ramen Sora. I encourage all Japanese-American residents of Las Vegas to support KORAKU. I know that these days there are only like 5 of us left in this whole city...but just do it anyway...
3	Okay there's a bunch of Ramen places suddenly sparking up in the valley so we're no longer limited to waiting around Monta for a seat to open up cursing that damn hipster that finished his bowl an hour ago and is checking his instagram. Anyway i have no idea how long this place has been open nor anything else about it. Just went here to meet up with a few buddies to grab a bite to eat before a meetup. Interior decor is quite nice that there was enough to build up a vibe like you're in somewhat of a larger ramen house commonly found anywhere and everywhere in japan cept it's on the larger side. Anyway ordered the Chicken shoyu ramen just because it seemed interesting. Really wanted to Popeye Ramen but wasnt willing to pay that price. I've never seen chicken in ramen before it's usually pork but some broths have chicken in it for sweetness but again i've just never seen ramen that has actual slices of chicken in it.Bowl arrived and what was presented met my expectations. Only thing i slightly disapproved of was the chicken meat itself. Slices of white breast meat that's been boiled. Sure it was tender and all but didnt have no flavor. This could go both ways because i know some like that in their chicken but when it came to boiled chicken i've always has stewing hens. Coming from a Vietnamese background we have many chicken dishes and usually the birds are stewing hens which are a lot tougher then standard run of the mill chicken. The meat is tougher and holds up to boiling so there's still texture and a little flavor after it's been boiled for a while. That's what i was expecting so hopefully that explains why the low score and why i'm umimpressed with their chicken. The broth i have nothing to compare it against since i dont usually order Shoyu. It had a nice soy sauce flavor obviously since that's what it's based on. Overall i'm up in the air about this place. Sora is still my go to place for ramen and the reason we came here was because it was down the street from our meetup location so not exactly sure when/if i'll come back to try something else and do a followup review.  Yelp 100 - 025 of 100
4	The tofu appetizer was pretty plain but still delicious if not for the fact that it's tofu that you can dress up with cucumber and various little toppings like green onion. Tofu from the pack is not that cheap either so this appetizer (which I believe is half a pack) was quite worth the price.If I had been the one to order the Volcano Ramen, I would probably give Koraku a 3/5. The haphazardly thrown in vegetables just seemed so unappealing. I guess I had gotten used to eating ramen that only had the basics like nori and chashu. However, my best friend in middle school was Japanese and her mom would make ramen with the same haphazardly thrown in vegetables so that was a nostalgic twist. It wasn't the vegetables that did me in, though. It was the broth. The spicy level of the Volcano Ramen was okay but it was just the type of spice that weirded me out. It tasted like it didn't belong in ramen but would rather be in some type of curry dish. Why 4/5 stars then? The miso ramen! Whenever I try a new ramen place I always go with miso the first time I'm there. Now, I am a die-hard Monta fan but I think Koraku's miso ramen suits my taste just as well. It might not be as decadent and rich as Monta's but that is also where it shines. The chashu isn't as fatty but it still maintains its richness and texture. The broth was very yummy and not too heavy and the noodles were cooked just how a like it (okay maybe a tad too soft, but I always preferred firm noodles anyway).Our waiter seemed somewhat shy or reluctant to be serving us though, as if he was forced into this job. Maybe he's just new? On another note, the ice water here tasted really good and not like cheap tap. +1 for you, Koraku. I'd definitely come again for the miso.
3	With all of the new (and old) great ramen places in town, would this one hold up to the rest?  Unfortunately for me and my friends, that answer is a big fat "meh".  Koraku is mediocrity at its finest.  I ordered the spicy house ramen with extra chashu for $12.95.  The broth was what I tasted first.  It was a bland chicken based broth of some sort with a bit of spice added to it.  The good thing about this ramen was that it was packed full of stuff like little pieces of pork, bok choy, a few pieces of squid, a couple small shrimp, etc.  Overall the ramen wasn't offensive in any way, but it also was pretty much average tasting.  Not a lot of flavor or complexity in this stuff.  I would say to stay away from the squid as it was rather rubbery.  The chashu was also not worth paying extra for as it was dry and plain tasting.  Overall I am not sure how this place is going to fare against the two really good ramen places in this area.  It is even a little more expensive than those better places, and the service was considerably slower.  I definitely won't be returning when those other guys are right down the street.  Seeing as this is an existing chain, I can't see the food changing any time.  It is what it is.
4	Yet another Ramen spot added too the ever growing list of ones here in Vegas! Not that I could ever complain because I do love good bowl of ramen. =) I decided too try the newest spot the other day for lunch. One of the first things I notice walked it really liked the decor with all the dark black color wood, and the bar area that perfect for single guest. Unlike most of the other Ramen spots around town feel like this one might be the biggest one. It tucked in the corner behind Starbucks off of valley view and spring mountain. So chance you might miss this little gem driving around. Just look for Starbucks.The food was surprised that not only serve ramen besides normal sides of gyoza and so forth. They also serve fried noodle dishes, different kinds of japanese curries, and just nice diversity too the menu. I love that fact! Plus they offer combo just in case thinking ramen and curry. This occasion feeling more in curry mood so got the beef curry with side order six pieces too order gyoza. I like the presentation really simple scoop of rice with the beef curry also little pickled daikon on the side. The curry not many places that I found serve it Hawaii style or japanese based curry. Kaba Curry my go too place for curry action. Korakiu just might have taking over the title for best curry action in Vegas. The only thing felt was missing was more vegetables in the curry or come think of it just beef in it. I enjoy the flavor of the curry could have it with any of the proteins they have too offer and loving life. The gyoza was perfect too! I enjoyed the filling and on point.The pricing is very reasonable like most Ramen places around town. Not sure long the wait can be when its busy. If line too long the beauty of this location is have so many more options up the road. The server was nice, friendly, and did wonderful job. I not tried the Ramen but trust me I willllll. The greatest thing about Koraku Ramen is fact can get too of my fixes same spot Ramen and Curry!! Nom! Nom!!
3	Anyone who has been to Japan have probably eaten at Department stores where there are variety of eateries usually on top floors.  They have quite good specialty restaurants these days, but back in the days, I remember seeing something like "okonomi shokudo" where they served all kinds of food in one big restaurant, with all kinds of wax displays that accurately resembled the food they served, which we don't see quite as much anymore.   Koraku reminds me of those "okonomi shokudo"s that are quite out of style in Japan.  They serve all kinds of food, from curry to tempura to tonkatsu to ramen, and none of them as well as a specialty restaurant that sticks to one genre of food. As I went with my family, I got to eat their curry, tonkatsu, and ramen, and I can't say that I was impressed with any of them.  I think this place may have done well 10 years ago, but in these days where they have to compete with Cafe de Japon, Sora, and Monta within a 2 mile radius, they may have a hard time keeping up.  The service was great and the place is comfy with the showa-retro thing going, and I want to like this place, but for me, the quality of the food just didn't do it for me.  I'm still waiting for an authentic tonkatsu place in Vegas....please...someone bring one over.
1	Friends of mine and myself had bad experience.1st person - ate Mabo Tofu bowl, took 3 bites and threw it away.2nd person (me) - ate Beef bowl it was salty and meat didn't taste fresh, sure enough had diarrhea and stomache the whole night.3rd person - ate Yakisoba he said no taste and he too had diarrhea the whole night.I wasn't going to write a review but the two days later we had friends come by to tell us NOT to go to Koraku as he ate the Miso ramen and as soon it arrived he told the waitress it taste and smells funny. They changed it to another ramen. His spoon reeked of bleach,like it was soaked in it then given to him without rinsing.He told us his girlfriend got stomache and he had to leave class and threw up several times.
1	I'm not sure how people could enjoy food that gets you, your loved ones & friends sick.. Worst food experience of my life~!Our friends ate here, and told us it was horrible. My boyfriend wanted to try, so what the heck, let's not be biased & try it out right? Well, I am greatly regretting it.We ordered korokke to start, which tasted like they just took flour, cooked it, and then served it to us. Worst korokke in my life, which I'm sad about because I love korokke. :(Next, my boyfriend ordered the Miso Ramen, while I ordered Shoyu Ramen. His Miso Ramen smelled funny, and I thought maybe it's okay, taste it first. So, he tried it, said it tasted sour & weird, then I tried it afterward. He was correct, it tasted nothing like Miso Ramen, it tasted as weird as it smelled. My boyfriend and I hate to complain at restaurants, but his food was not even edible, so we let them know & he had it switched to Shoyu. When his Shoyu came, he tried it & told me his soup spoon smelled funny. He handed it to me & I knew the smell, being a former server at another restaurant. It reeked of bleach, not the amount that you should use for sanitizing, greater than that. As if they poured an entire cup of bleach & just gave it to us. I gave my boyfriend my soup spoon instead, since I didn't really need it.My Shoyu Ramen, on the other hand, tasted OK.. There was something about it that tasted weird, but I couldn't figure it out. Not the best Shoyu, and it's usually my favorite. The noodles were aldente on the inside, but gooey/slimy on the outside. From two to three bites, I got really sick for some reason.. So I stopped eating, took it to-go, then tossed it when I got home. :/My boyfriend also got really sick, so our friends were right about this place. I don't want anyone else getting sick; one of my friends wants to try it as well, even after our warning. Something has to be done, either figure out what you're doing wrong & fix it, or just close the place down.
2	I liked the food.  The service was good.  The atmosphere is nice.  I didn't feel well afterward, so that's why I gave them 2 stars.  There are other complaints in yelp reviews that say they became ill, and I ignored them to try this place out for myself.  I hope to give this place another shot in 12 months' time.
4	cant remember already but the curry was good, the shoyu ramen was good, the gyoza is how i like, fried on one side and the rest soft.. and not as crowded and busy as the other saimin place I forgot the name up the street lol
3	Really wanted to like this place but I probably won't be back.I came here with a group of friends for lunch and the place had a couple of other customers. I think they were Japanese so maybe that's a sign that this place is authentic? Looking through the menu, the beef curry caught my eye and I got that. The curry flavor was very bold however after I left the restaurant, I was very thirsty so maybe a little too much salt? I also got the chance to taste my friends' ramen broths and I was not impressed. The flavors were a little bland and definitely lacked depth. I also wished they offer tonkotsu ramen since that's my favorite. I might've ordered the wrong stuff but it seems like the ramen and the curry are the main dishes here. If you want ramen there are more choices just down the street.
2	Nah. Not worth it.The place itself is ok. Clean but nothing too crazy. Staff is friendly. The menu is quite extravagant in its selections. Surprising considering all the competition has a short and sweet list. Maybe this is for a reason. Concentrate on a core product and all.They have combinations of ramen and a side dish. We picked up some miso and shoyu ramen, with sides of pork fried rice and beef curry. I can safely say everything was underwhelming.The ramen broth was actually pretty.... lame. I can't say I've had broth this bad before. There were lots of ingredients thrown into the mix, but it didn't fix the problem. Lots of broth, lots of noodles. A weird tasting spiral fish cake. The fried rice was dry. The curry beef would have been good if there was more than one chunk of beef in there. Lame and lame.Here's a weird complaint - they have used the cheapest chopsticks I have ever seen. We went through 4 sets before coming up with a pair that split anywhere near properly.I would not be back. Sora and Monta are just up the street.
3	Finally got around to Koraku! It is a new Ramen house on Spring Mtn of course! So how does it fair?I thought all the ingredients were fresh and tasty, but the chashu was more thick and less tender than most. The broth was a little mellow, not full of flavor and depth, but still good. I would recommend trying it, since every place in town does it a little different....the reasons I wasn't blown away, might be the reason you like it.  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/koraku-ramen-las-vegas?select=oD10Sx3yR8wQtoJTp9CVxA#oD10Sx3yR8wQtoJTp9CVxAI also tried the Shrimp Tempura, which was good!  Large shrimps, flavorful batter....overall yummy.  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/koraku-ramen-las-vegas?select=NPjSLZu0H3VexEzoEdDFNw#NPjSLZu0H3VexEzoEdDFNwAnd a quick pic of the Miso Soup that was included with the rice dish.  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/koraku-ramen-las-vegas?select=NPjSLZu0H3VexEzoEdDFNw#M3PXRlpbbnuXJSt02OKqZgService was fast and friendly...restaurant was a little quiet but clean.  Bathroom was probably one of the cleanest I have walked into for a while lol...and the incense was a nice touch.Overall I was happy to try it! Just not sure when I will be back truthfully.
3	Another Ramen house in Vegas and I'm sorry to say, I wasn't too impressed with the ramen.  I didn't have ramen as my main meal, but tried some of Terri R's.  Maybe I don't know what a good bowl of ramen is.  Maybe I'm just too loyal to Sora and Monta.  But one thing that disappointed me about Koraku's ramen is that it was lacking that silky and creamy taste.  Actually, it was lacking flavor all together. This is just my opinion.  Other people may like ramen with almost no taste.  But all wasn't lost on my visit here.  My main meal was their Ground Beef Steak and a side of their Mini Menchi Katsu.  I felt both were pretty good.  Ground Beef Steak:  This was served with Hayashi sauce. This was pretty much a Loco Moco minus the eggs, but you can get eggs with this.  The sauce was made the way it's suppose to be (i.e. thick, somewhat tangy, and all over the place). I'm not huge fan of this and end up brushing a lot of the sauce to the side. Other than that, I thought my meal was filling and flavorful.  This had more of a Salisbury steak taste to it than a ground beef taste, in my opinion. Mini Menchi Katsu:  This was basically two mini hamburger patties that's breaded and deep fried.  Think of the texture and initial taste of a chicken katsu, but with a ground beef taste to.  Wasn't bad at all, just bad for you.  The restaurant wasn't too busy and the service was great.  We had a lot of food, but again, I wasn't too impressed with their ramen.  But I could still see myself coming back for the other food on their menu.
2	Service was good, they were very attentive and friendly. The decor was inviting. I wanted to give them a chance even if reviews weren't good. I ordered Miso ramen and was very disappointed. The chashu was overcooked, miso was not freshly made and choice of ingredients just did not work out. I hope they can improve this and perhaps I might go back.
3	Went here with my sister the other day and was a tad bit disappointed. We just decided to stop by because we were going to go to Kuma Snow (located next door) and we wanted to try the ramen and see how it fared against the competition. The inside of the restaurant was just a little bit more spacious than Monta ramen (2 tables, 4 boothes and a bar) and they had a lot more items on their menu. There were more variations of ramen here and a cuople more appetizers to choose from which was cool to see. My sister got the Shouyo ramen and 1/2 fried rice combo and I got the Hot Volcano ramen (w/ corn, butter and tamago). The ramen looked quite nice but it just tasted okay. Now I'm not saying that my ramen was bad by any means but it was just simply alright. I know the volcano ramen said that it had veggies in it but half of my bowl was veggies (intead of noodles). The broth was alright. It tasted a bit like a spicy shouyo broth. The noodles weren't bad either, I felt that they were kind of short but otherwise they tasted okay. The service was fast and the waitress was very nice and informative. But will I be returning any time soon? No. To be honest there is nothing about this place that makes me want to choose it over Sora ramen or Monta ramen (both establishments just a couple of blocks up the street from this one). They are going to have to step up their game just a bit because I'm sure that every other person that comes here will compare them to the other great ramen places in town.
2	The broth lacks character and flavor, especially compared to Ramen Sora and Monta. I wasn't impressed with any of the dishes on our table, and neither were my friends. I'm sorry, Koraku Ramen, you are not a qualifying competitor on my list of Ramen-yas, which is shocking when the establishment is based in L.A... Enough said.
1	ive never actually had bad ramen before, but the ramen here was pretty bad. this is the first place i've been to where the broth was not some sort of pork broth. it was basically just water with spicy flavoring in it. very bland.the prices are cheap compared to the ramen places i've been to before, but i guess there's a reason why they're cheap.
1	I can't believe the reviews out there about this place.  I have been here twice now and both times I have not been impressed.  I ordered the shoyu ramen the first time and was very disappointed with the broth.  It was flavourless and not at all what I expected since the reviews about this place was so good.  So I chalked it up to me not ordering the right thing and the cook having a bad day.  I gave this place one more try, this time I had miso ramen and it was equally as disappointing with just a hint of miso in it.  Needless to say I won't be coming back here anymore.  The service was okay, but both times I came it was not busy inside.  The location is kind of hard to find as its' restaurant is tucked away behind other business buildings.  1 star
3	I went for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. They were located on W Spring Mountain Rd/S Valley View Blvd in Las Vegas Chinatown.  They have been open since April.  There are 2 other locations in Southern California.I ordered the Wonton Ramen ($7.45) which was served in chicken and pork broth.  There were 5 small bland wonton.  The ramen noodles were a little chewy, just the way I like it. It was topped with spinach, bamboo shoots and green onions.  I added some chashu for a $1.50 for 3 slices.  The broth was flavorless.  The server brought a small bottle of Nanami Togarashi Chili Pepper, but it still didn't help.I probably won't be back.
3	It's good to see that ramen is popular and they have ramen houses for them.  Koraku is one of many places on Spring Mountain Road and should be tried.  The noodles are among the best I've had.  However, Monta Ramen soup stock was better.  If they could only combine the best of each.  I've only tried this once and should give the other soups a try as well.  I will return.
4	First things first: DON'T EAT RAMEN HERE. There are so many great ramen shops nearby, and this place can't really compete with them.However, Koraku deserves solid four stars for their own unique offerings - Japanese-style Chinese dishes, from Tenshin-don to mabo-don to Salisbury steak. Those things remind me of days back in Japan.
3	I came here because I pass the street and i saw there is a new ramen place and decided to give it a try.The service was not really good, when i got there the server just give me ice water without asking me, I mean why did she expect all the people want to drink ice water? She should ask first. I dont drink ice water bcause i got cold at the time. After that i order spicy shio and spicy miso, im ok with that but my bf just cant take it.. It was too spicy for him, i mean the server should ask how spicy that we can take.While we are eating, she just come and gave me the check, i didnt ask for the check and why she gave me the check while im eating?I gave three stars just because the food, the  noodle was pretty similar with sora, the broth was good but not as good as sora.I wont come back
5	Great Miso Ramen!! Did I mention it's 50% off??? Awesome deal! Don't forget to add 1/2 Fried Rice or 1/2 Beef Curry Rice!
5	First time here. I work nearby,  I thought I would give it a try.  I ordered the Katsu bowl.  It was very tasty and filling.  It also came with miso soup.  I am coming back for sure to try out their curry.  It's my new goto place.
1	Tried out this joint since I'm a real ramen lover. This ramen place is definitely one of the bad ones in this town. I've eaten at lots of ramen houses but this, honestly, is just a let down to the ramen world. I ordered the miso ramen and it was overly seasoned with salt. Hoping the fried rice was a good one, it was just as salty as the broth. A little hint of saltiness wouldn't hurt but this just beats the whole flavor. We came in on a friday afternoon and the server at that time wasn't really of any help towards our complain. If you want an authentic taste of ramen and rice bowls, take my advice and try the other ramen places in town. They're more than a handful out there.
5	my family and i have been going here for years! we used to love it at stateline inside the outlets at primm valley but still come even though it has moved. love their gyoza, curry and ramen! still the same great taste and always a favorite whenever we visit vegas! give it a try!
4	Since sometimes Monta ramen is busy, this is my go to place...love the fact that I can get a half miso ramen and half beef curry...both taste great
4	Very good ramen reasonably priced. Had the curry as well and it was excellent. Will be back for sure.
3	I've bookmarked this location knowing they serve Tenshin and Mabo Tofu. On my way home I decided to stop by and give it a try since I've been wanting to try a different ramen location that my usuals. I ordered the Moyashi (bean sprout) Itame Ramen without the pork due to being pesceterian and won't consume meat. Also ordered a half Chahan (fried rice) on the side. It seemed quite busy when I walked in even one hour after their open so despite the negative reviews I have read, I was pretty excited. To start with, I felt the mountain of Moyashi was a bit over seasoned which ended up making the soup taste the same so I didn't get to really taste the soup itself. However the noodles were the wavy chewy type which I definitely enjoyed. The fried rice; which I also got without pork, wasn't bad but wasn't too impressed by it either. A bit oily where I couldn't finish neither bowls. I was desperately craving ramen and this place definitely filled me up but not sure if I will be having the Moyashi ramen next time. I definitely need to try the Tenshin and Mabo next time!!! Service was good, so for that I'll give it 3 stars. I'll be dining in again.
2	Ever have ramen that's just...there?That was my ramen experience at Koraku. It was just...there. The noodles were uninspired and bland, the broth was overly salty and had a super-processed taste to it. Pork was dry, toppings tasted warmed over.Wouldn't come back.
4	Yum!
3	Miso ramen and the mini hamburger katsu was great! I would go back, but when we first walked in the workers were talking amongst themselves and we sat ourselves and then the waitress came by to bring us the menus and there was only one other person dining in the restaurant.
2	This place is just the middle of the road. The curry and the ramen individually are MEDIOCRE but the fact that you can get it together is the best part. On colder days being able to have both is the great Japanese comfort food.
