4	When Cook Out first opened in the University area, I thought, "What's that?"  A co-worker of mine was surprised that I had never heard of it and said we HAVE to go; they're so good.  The catch was that we wanted to get away from work to eat lunch.  So...we had to wait for the perfect day (not too hot, not too cold, and definitely not rainy) to go try it out because Cook Out is strictly a drive-thru with some outdoor seating.  There is NO indoor seating.We get there and walk up to the window, where there's a large menuboard outside.  My co-worker explained the menu to me: they have combos and you can pick from a list of sandwiches, side, and drink.  So I did.  All for under $5!!  I kept saying, "And I get all that for under $5? And it's good?"  Sure enough, he was right.  For "fast food," everything was VERY good.  Much better -- and cheaper! -- than any McDonald's combo.  And the burgers taste like real burgers; not like whatever McDonald's tries to pass off as a burger.  I recommend it for "on the go" lunches or dinners.  The food tastes fresher and more "real" than fast food restaurants and you can't go wrong with their terrific prices.  I've heard tales of their delicious milkshakes, too, but I'll have to save that for another time.  We ended up going on a chilly day, so I'll save that experience for a warmer day!
4	If you're looking for a salad or low-carb meal, I would not suggest Cook Out. If you have a problem with deep fried food, I would not suggest Cook Out. If you are looking for a sit-down restaurant with a beautiful view, I would not suggest Cook Out. Now that we've gotten that out of the way! I first went to Cook Out at the urge of a coworker who could recite the entire menu from memory. I ordered a hamburger tray, which is their version of a combo, with fries and onion rings and a huge tea to drink. I was surprised at how their hamburger reminded me of going to a family cook out and eating a fresh hamburger from the grill. Their fries are crispy, their hush puppies are delicious, and their milkshakes are smooth and full of fresh mix-ins. I've tried all the trays except for the BBQ tray and they area all great. My personal favorite is the foot long with chili. I would recommend getting it to go and they are open until 3 for late night snacking.
4	Located near Charlotte University City Area. We discovered Cook Out late one night after attending a concert at the nearby Verizon Wireless Amphitheater. It was after midnight on a Saturday night and as I drove by I noticed that Cook Out was really, really busy, that's often a good sign so I flipped a u-turn on Tryon St. and we pulled in to one of two drive-thru windows, since there was no indoor area.I ordered a "Huge Burger" and upgraded to "Cheddar Style". It turned out to be an excellent choice. A half pound double cheese burger with bacon and grilled onions. It was an excellent burger featuring 2 smaller but thick and tasty patties delivered piping hot. I was surprised that the cheese was a sauce, I believe a good real cheddar would be better, but I still enjoyed it. I also sampled the Hush Puppies, a corn fritter inspired finger food, the Hush Puppies were very good. But the highlight of the late night meal was the "Fancy" strawberry/banana shake, it was just awesome!I'd recommend Cook Out to good friends as one of my favorite reasonably priced fast food restaurants, especially for late night munchies.
4	I don't think I've been to a Wendy's or Burger King intentionally since I discovered Cook Out. This North Carolina mainstay easily takes the local fast food crown on speed and freshness. I heard a rumor once that the target time between your completed order and when you leave the window is 90 seconds - that's half the time that Starbucks allots, and you're getting a lot more than coffee! Everything I've ever eaten from Cook Out - here, or any location of the 70+ strong chain - tastes like it was made just seconds before I get it. The burgers and veggie toppings are crisp and juicy. The corn dogs are still steaming when you bite through the breeding. And the hush puppies hit the styrofoam tray so hot that they often melt into or through the foam.Even without these surefire winners, you can't beat the Cook Out value. Five bucks gets you a Cook Out tray: their combo meal which lets you pick one of eight main events (the Big Double burger and Spicy Chicken sandwiches win big). Then you get to pick two (yes two) sides such as fries, hush puppies, onion rings, a corn dog, chicken nuggets, chili, a chicken tender wrap or a chicken quesadilla. Yep. Those are sides, and you get TWO. Toss in a big soda or a huge sweet tea and you've got more meal than any other burger joint for $2-4 less. That's beyond a deal, it's just about crazy.My one issue with the food is really unsurprising - after a while, it all tastes the same. Most of the deep fried foods have the same taste, more than likely because they're all fried in the same grease. Even the burgers and buns get that flavor too. It's easy to combat this, of course - just don't make the mistake I made and go 2-3 times a week when you discover Cook Out.But if you need that greasy fast food and want something now, you can't beat Cook Out on speed and freshness. The fact that your wallet will thank you is the icing on the cake (or more accurately, the cheese on the burger).
3	So here's the deal: the employees are significantly more competent here than at most Cook Outs but there is a 75% chance that there will be a big group of college kids in front of you who can't decide what they want. It is in the same parking lot as the Saucer however, so if beer gives you the munchies for something greasy (isn't that the natural human reaction?) you are in luck. And if you're feeling to lazy to get out of your car I'm sure you'll appreciate the double drive thru.In short, go to Cook Out. Heck, go to this Cook Out. And for pete's sake, get some hush puppies and a shake.
5	Best milkshakes ever Peach Cobbler, Banana and peanut butter, cherry cheese cake, push up pop, and watermelon try them all
5	My favorite fast food joint. Has everything you could possibly want for a low price. My choice tray is the grilled chicken club style sandwich, Cajun fries, hushpuppies and a huge sweet tea. Watermelon milkshakes sound nasty, but they are actually pretty good.
4	The perfect place for a late night food run with my girlfriend!  Minus one star because they forgot to give us our buffalo sauce for our chicken nuggets one night, effectively ruining our meal...really good milk shakes though!
4	If you want fast food that doesn't taste like fat food this is the place.  The burgers aren't just sitting there waiting for you like most fast food joints.  The milkshakes are awesome and you have plenty to choose from. I like getting a combo with my burger, fries and a corn dog. Nice!
5	I grew up in New Jersey, so I had never had Cook Out until my mom and sisters moved down to Charlotte.  When I went down for a visit, they told me we had to go to Cook Out.  As we pulled up, I became a little disappointed, realizing it was just fast food.  Then we ordered and I took my first bite.  Boy, was my first impression wrong.  Since my first visit, I've had a lot of things on the menu.  My favorite things to order are the bacon cheddar hot dog, the corn dog, the onion rings, and any of the milk shakes.  Our dog adores the corn dogs and it's an absolute must that if you go to Cook Out, he gets a corn dog of his own.  He also loves the milkshakes (check the photos for this location to see him enjoying one).  This has become a must stop destination for each of my visits down to visit family.
5	I have been a fan of Cook Out for 10 years.  I can honestly say this one location is the best Cook Out I've ever had, and I've been to at least 10 different locations.  The first time I came to this Cook Out, it was perfect.  Food was pristine & speedy and server was super friendly.  10/10.I didn't get to Charlotte again for 6 months, but even after so much time, the 2nd go-round was just as perfect as the first.  The 5th star here is for consistency.
5	Oh, cookout. The place where college kids survive at, during those late night study sessions or those intoxicated nights that want to be forgotten. As part of my friend's tour of NC/South foods we stopped by here on a late night of drinking. One thing he says is that he can't get a peach cobbler shake on the west coast, well my friend you can get one here.Cook out is one of those places where only the south has. Sort of like In-n-Out is exclusive in West Coast, Cook Out is exclusive to the East Coast (mainly in the south). Now, what to order is what is first asked for newcomers. If you want shakes. Get a shake. Because from what shake lovers love about this place is that their shakes and variety of them is what makes this place amazing. To me, I'm not really a shake person, but if I did get one I wouldn't mind.For me, it's about the burgers. I like to get the Cook-Out style burger. It comes with Chili & Slaw, Mustard, and Onions on a good ol' burger. Get some onion rings, or some fried rice and call it a day (or night). So, if you're in NC and you see this around. You need to stop by and eat it, because you won't find it anywhere else!
5	I sure wish we had one of these in the DC/MD area.  I love this place they have great shakes and whatever you order off the menu is always good.  This is the prefect place to grab something off the late night after an event to take care of those after hour munchies.
5	For fast food in the southeast this place takes the cake....or should I say shake!  The best food deal on the planet lies in the Cook Out Tray.  $4.25 to stuff your face.  One regular item (burger, dog, or chicken), two sides, and a drink.  The most ridiculous part of this is you can get chicken strips or a corn dog as a side.  Let me repeat, AS A SIDE!!!  And if you aren't full already after reading this, they have the best shakes in the business.  I just got done counting and they offer forty, yes FOUR ZERO, different shake options.  I'm drooling over my keyboard thinking about this place.  If I had a brain, I'd sell all my belongings and start a franchise up in Missouri.  They should start selling wheelchairs here, because people like me may need one after engaging in a meal at this magnificent establishment.  God Bless Cook Out!
5	One of the best fast food restaurants that North Carolina has to offer! If you are a first timer the menu can be a bit overwhelming but just pick anything and I'm pretty sure you'll be happy.  The shakes are amazing and come in hundred of combinations! This location is fast and the people who work are generally friendly. The only draw back is it being so close to a college campus and how bratty this location gets after midnight.
3	I've passed by several cookout locations and always wanted to try them, so on my lunch break I drive here to see what this place is like. Ordering and drive through was great... Good service, patient taking my order... It's the food that won't bring me back. I'm not sure what kind of beef they're using, maybe some kind of hybrid cow but the stuff was just not good at all. I didn't even finish my burger which was supposed to be their rendition of a Carolina Classic. Something about the meat used turns me off... The texture of it was really crumbly and had no taste. I did get onion rings though and those were good and crunchy, but I won't be coming back here unless its to try a milkshake everybody on here is raving about. I was gonna leave just 2 stars, but have an extra one for good service.
4	I went to Cookout when I was in North Carolina, and stopped by after seeing a sign on the road (and then checking Yelp to see if it was any good). Yelp had great reviews, so I went ahead and tried it and I'm glad I did. The burgers are made fresh and they have a huge variety of shakes. They offer two sides, so I got both the hushpuppies along with the french fries, and the hushpuppies were such a treat - they were small, which was nice. I also got a tasty chocolate shake. Best thing of all, my total was like $6 for a fresh grilled burger, fries, hush puppies and a shake? Can't beat that with a baseball bat!
5	Super great fast food that doesn't taste like fast good. The burgers were amazing and so was the chili. Pretty sure everything is great.  Menu can be a bit overwhelming but it is so worth it.
4	I come here on a usual basis, mainly at night. I gotta say, try to avoid coming late at night (11pm+) because it is super packed! Other than that, the food is usually okay. Sometimes I get more fries than usual and sometimes I get less on my plate, it all depends if its super busy or not I think and the pace that the cooks are making the food. Most of the time the food turns out good, and rarely do I get something bad, like that one time my fries were all soggy but other than that, it's usually a good turn out.But like I said, if you're looking for best quality, don't expect to get it during late night cravings.Also, the food is quite a bang for your buck! $5 for a tray and drink!
3	First time at a Cook Out. Really looking forward to trying a burger and milkshake. Burger was super salty but tasty. Watermelon milkshake was 5 star!! Will try chicken next time.
3	The great thing about this place is that it is open late night so you will not die of hunger!!! The food is good, they are fast and very friendly. Sitting out and eat at late night make it a good time.
2	Had a chicken sandwich with 'supposedly' large fries last week. Bland sandwich tasteless, fries were said to be large but they were so less that I cud count them on my fingers! I don't think I wil ever visit them again.
5	I live right next to it and go to it all the time. Best burger for the price, hands down.
4	My wife *loves* the peach cobbler milkshake and so when we were in this part of town and hungry, we hit their drive through. Not much of a wait at 3:00 PM, so we were immediately able to place our order (there are two lines, folks!) and pull around. The shake was deemed excellent with enough peach and cobbler in it to pass inspection.
4	Went to this cookout about 2 yrs ago. Nothing much different from any of the other cookouts I have been to. Quick service, fresh food, friendly service. Would go back. I will say that their chicken quesadilla, (did I spell that right) is good! Their milkshakes are awesome!
5	To be honest I had no idea what Cook Out was until last year (keep in mind I'm from a different country). My friends were raving about this place so I had to try it. The menu was really overwhelming at first because they offer so many different options but it's easy to figure out when you take the time. The trays are amazing! You get 3 different options and a drink for only $5, it's unbeatable. Another thing that surprised me was the quality. You expect to get low quality food for only $5 but you don't. The food tastes amazing and it's super quick. Not to mention that this location is close to UNCC which is perfect for college students and those 3:00 am hangovers.
3	Burgers are on par with 5 Guys. Except thicker patties and not over-cooked (5 guys overcook and their burgers are thin)Their shakes are good if you like vanilla ice cream.
4	This was our first time here.  The menu was intimidating at first as there are so many items.  The burgers, fries, and onion rings were great!  We both added a chocolate shake as well.  This fast food is much better than the standards.  We will be going again!
3	Make that a tray please!Any place that has chicken nuggets, chicken quesadillas and corn dogs has a side is a-okay with me!When I need a really good hamburger quick, Cookout is my go to spot! You can smell that grilled smokey goodness a mill before you get to the actual drive thru. Being that this location is so close to UNC Charlotte it gets pretty crowded on the weekends, so the double drive thru really helps get cars in and out. There's also a walk up window you can order at too. Like most Cookout locations there's no dine in eating area. They've got a couple of seats outside but just take your food and go home and eat.The menu has a good selection of burgers, hotdogs, BBQ and chicken sandwiches. You can turn any meal into a tray, getting two sides and a drink. As I mentioned earlier these aren't typical sides, goes way above fries...the sides within themselves can be a meal. Want something sweet? They've have several different flavors of milkshake, and I use the term milkshake loosely because it's so thick it's literally ice cream in a cup. Of course they've got the basics like chocolate and vanilla but wait! They've got heath bar, Snickers, Oreo and seasonal flavors such as watermelon and peach.I wanna give them four stars but they lost one because they've messed up my order more then a few times. So make sure you're checking your food before leaving.Two thumbs up for this cheap, delicious, and filling meal!
5	I'm obsessed with the sweet tea, corn dogs and the Cajun fries. Holy [bleep] they are delicious. I have yet to eat anything else. So satisfying! And I will let you all in on my master shake combo I've introduced to my boyfriend and his roommates... OREO & CAPPUCINO. You're all welcome. Are your minds blown yet? And put that in the freezer for an amazing dessert if you want.
