5	PS Yogurt is awesome! Flavors are changed out regularly. Toppings are a large variety! Best part about them is that if you sign up for the text messages - they give you discounts!Awesome place + awesome people = Awesome Family Hot Spot!
3	Customer service was good and the espresso and red velvet cake yogurt were great flavors but that didn't make up for the disgusting Italian tart flavor. It truly did taste like spoiled milk to my wife and I. So, 3 stars only.
4	My kids LOVE  PS Yogurt! This is the perfect place to go to cool off after a hot day or just as an afterschool treat. The kids love picking their favorite flavors and toppings. They also really enjoy the chalk wall! Personally  I would really like  it if they had a vegan frozen treat like coconut milk or banana (hint hint)  I am sure we will be there several times this summer!
4	Good selection, friendly staff. Make sure to check out their Yelp check-in deal and their happy hour BYGO free deals!
4	The yogurt is great..sea salt caramel is my favorite...will definately come back
4	Great yogurt joint!  Lots of flavors to choose from.  The most impressive part is all the toppings they offer and they are nice & neat, not spilled over into one another.
4	This is our new favorite place to get a frozen treat!You can make your own treat.  Pick from one of their many flavors and then add as many toppings as you want!  The cost is all by weight.They have great fruit flavors and have fresh fruit as toppings.  Or more traditional candy bar, chocolate chip or graham cracker toppings.  They also have hot fudge and caramel!The only thing I don't like is that you can't check in to Yelp from inside the store.  The address puts them on Baseline and the actual store location is in a shopping center that is not right on the street.  So when you try to check-in, it thinks you are too far away.
5	This place is called Sweet Peaz now and I am very happy with it!! We live down the road so having this place here is great! This is our first visit but Shelby was working and was very helpful!! We would come back based solely on the customer service we received!  We'll definitely be coming back for a second visit!
5	Yummy frozen yogurt! My husband and I love going here for a delicious treat. The staff is always super friendly and helpful!
