3	I selected the Radisson for my getaway because my husband and I wanted to try a Sleep Number bed.  The Radisson was also very cost-effective for the value compared to other hotels at the same price.  We weren't impressed with the bed.  It was way cheaper than the ones they have you try in the stores.  It felt like we were sleeping on an air mattress.  The hotel is older and some of the fixtures (bathtub, etc.) show it.  We got a corner room that had zero view and was right by the elevator.  There was a gap beneath our door so we could hear everything that was going on in the hallway throughout the night.  We also had to put a pillow at the base of the door so the light from the hallway wouldn't come in.  We went out to use the jacuzzi in the pool area that night after confirming with the front desk that it was up and running since it was winter and a pretty chilly night.  When we got out there, though, we discovered that it had been broken down and was now fixed, but the jets weren't working yet, and the jacuzzi had only been heating for a couple of hours and wasn't warm yet.  Disappointed, we retreated back to our room.  We tried it again the next morning, though, and everything worked great.  It was nice and steamy.All that being said, the staff is VERY friendly and are happy to help you in any way they can.  They were very accommodating with the late check out I requested.  Their friendly service does a good job of making up for a lot of the other things I've mentioned.  Good customer service goes a long way!Breakfast is not complimentary and overpriced.  The food is subpar.  Don't expect it to come as advertised, either.  Your best bet would be to eat out.  A strawberry, banana, orange fruit smoothie will be a cup of orange juice with crushed ice.  The Radisson did live up to it's best price guarantee, though, and I'm really happy with that service.  I found a price online that was cheaper than their advertised online price so they matched it and then took another 25% off!All in all, it was a great deal for the price, but next time I will most likely opt for something better.
4	Went to this hotel due to A/C in my house was broken and it was almost feels like sauna inside the house (92 degrees inside with all the fans on!!) - bad timing to have A/C broken in the middle of a hot summer month! - I immediately impressed with the sleep number bed that they had. I never would have thought they carry sleep number bed. Felt very grateful they have the best costumer service. I need refrigerator for my baby's food and they immediately bring one to the room. Thanks for the hot summer night rescue Radisson!
4	I've only been here for networking events and never to stay overnight. For conferences and meetings it's a great gathering spot.Robert Pfeifer
3	We stayed here on the Romance Package on Monday, June 18th, 2012.  We enjoyed a cozy room with king size bed, complimentary bottle of white wine and an $50 food credit to the hotel restaurant Cafe Picollo.  We enjoyed the bar tender, front desk staff and the restaurant hostess.I am a loyal customer of the Carlson Brand Hotels ( Radisson-Country Inn & Suites ).During this stay housekeeping was atrocious for a Radisson.  Our bathtub had rust around the drain, hair from previous guest and carpet through-out hotel had debris even after it appeared to be vaccumed.  The elevator was very warm and dirty.  The hot tub was nice but the jets sucked.  Even though they were turned on it sure didn't feel like it.The only reason why this Radisson does not get a TWO STAR from me is because their staff were top notch and that is what we have come to love and expect from all Carlson Brand Hotels.
3	The food here is amazing. Chef Mark designed a stunning menu. His specialty is southern style comfort goods. I highly recommend dining at the Cafe Piccolo as it's named. It's in the main lobby of the restaurant. Emily, the bartender was able to take my order so that I could sit in the bar side and chat with fellow business travelers. The hotel itself needs some updates. The furniture in the room could use refinishing or replacing, my suite wasn't as depicted on their website, but in all a good deal. CRT TV's were grainy and I wouldn't have care for them not being updated except that the channels were limited and the picture quality was fuzzy. The staff is friendly and the maid service is good. For the price, it's worth staying. The only negative I had was they are unable to give you a copy of your bill if you book through a third party source (Priceline, Hotels dot com, Expedia, Orbitz, a travel agent, etc.). This was problematic as I use the bill for my expense report. With a few updates in their software, furniture and other amenities this could be a 4 star in my book.
2	Run down for a Radisson. They really need to invest in new furniture.
3	Pretty normal mid-level hotel. Lunch time food is actually pretty good too.
2	Very disappointing.  I have stayed in many Radissons before (I think they are the most underrated hotel brand around), but this one is a letdown.  Where do I start?  Damn, this building is COOOOOLD.  And, I think the hotel is older, and not real well-kept.  Our room was not much better than a La Quinta.  One of the lamps did not work, one of the Sleep Number beds were broken.  Parking lot not well lit.No channel guide in the in-room book (noteworthy, since there was a tab for it, and no page).  The restaurant menu was seriously 2-3 pages in a cheap report cover.  My  9 year old has turned in more professional looking homework.  Oh, and, check out the reverse happy hour from 9:30 - 11, oh but the bar closes at 10.  In addition to tacky, the menu is just wrong.The staff?  Meh - a lot to be desired.  Seems there is a lot of drama here, and if you like soap operas - come get coffee in the lobby at 5:30 am - you will hear it all.  Management turnover, new guy ordering, blah, blah, blah.I know there are a lot of positive reviews on the food and "Chef Mark" but when front desk staff walks around the kitchen barefoot, Chef Mark can kiss my foot, if you know what I mean.We booked this room on hotels.com for $50, and it was worth that.  But, don't get suckered in "A Radisson for $50? really?"  No, not really.
4	This review is based on the $45 /night rate I got on Hotwire.I stayed here for four nights when getting together with family at my sister's house for  Christmas.  The hotel has clearly seen its better days.  The building is dated, the rooms have tube TV's, and the wi-fi is VERY slow.However, it was a great value for the price.  The rooms were decently spacious, and had Sleepnumber beds.  Overall, the property was very clean.  The hot tub outside was great for relaxing.  It's a short drive from the airport, which was also a big plus.  Finally, the staff was courteous and helpful, even though they were working over the holidays.If you're looking for a top hotel, this is not it.  However, if you're looking for a value, I would highly recommend this place.
3	Decent value hotel, not luxurious or new. Old rooms with tube TVs and old furniture, definitely needs updating. Pros:-Convenient location off freeway with tons of restaurants & stores nearby-Low price -Pool, free parking, free Internet (slow)-Friendly & professional staff (house cleaning lady was super nice!)Cons-Old & outdated-Sleep Number beds were horrible! Like sleeping on an air mattress. -No free breakfast, expensive food at restaurantWant to save $, stay here. Want a good night's sleep, upgrade to a newer hotel with better beds.
2	I loved the swimming pool! With that said I was so disappointed! My room hadn't been cleaned very well the last guests belongings were still in the room. Yuck!! The sleep number beds feel like air mattresses! And the hotel was so old it felt like it was going to collapse!!
1	I went to this hotel and I will NEVER stay here. The female/male who was working the desk was a total bitch. Plus over charge for stuff snacks!! Friend was staying here and she didn't like the person who was working the desk. Not a welcome feeling at this hotel.
3	Good rates, they accept CLC. Small restaurant serves dinner and breakfast. Little bar if you want a beverage adult style. Located right off I-10, so easy access.
1	There were mistakes made by staff from the time we arrived for a FUNERAL in PHNX until we left. From the horrible smell in the hallways to the more than 45 minutes of waiting when we called a cab, it was a disaster.. For the life of me, I can't seem to figure out why there's no cab stand near there when there are at least 3 hotels in that small area. Ridiculous...I have no intentions of going back there.
4	I stayed here for two reasons: 1. The sleep number bed ( its what I sleep on at home, and this is not up for negotiation!) and, 2. It's the closest sleep number bed hotel to my dad's house. It's a quiet location, the staff is friendly, the price isn't high. The hotel looks like it could use some refreshing ( new carpet and wallpaper - but heck, I've seen that at $250/night hotels in San Francisco- so for $100/night, I can deal with it.), but it is clean. Linens were soft, towels ok. Also fairly close to the airport-15 minute drive- without airport noise!
3	Overall clean hotel although rooms have been updated, sleep number beds, tvs etc it is on older bldg.  Parking is good and had no problems with highway noise and i was1st flr facing road. I had complimentary breakfast each morning, buffet, service was pretty slow but nice staff. Overall standard eggs, bacon, potatoes, fruits, waffles, toast/muffins, oatmeal, coffee, juice, milk. Bar area very small but overall lounging area nice with couches, and tables. Room had nice standard shower amenities. Great BBQ Rudys across the street. Golds Gym about 5 min drive as LifeTime fitness and LA Fitness as there fitness room had 1 treadmill and some 5-25lb dumbbells and bench. I will stay here again as its great value for cost and close to business location i attend. Ask for refrigerator room.
4	Great service ! Ask about corporate rate which cones with buffet breakfast (DIY fresh waffles !) after a big breakfast, I only need one other meal in the late afternoon/early evening. Bottled water in the room is are ally nice touch. And fruit-flavored water (Trader Joe-style) in the lobby all day.
3	My family stayed here for four nights when my son was playing in a hockey tournament.  This was the team hotel.  We had no choice but to book  here.The rooms are a little dated.  We had adjoining rooms.  One had a flat screen TV, while the other had an old CRT.  They do not have wired Internet ports.  I had brought a router, but could not use it because of no ethernet jack.  My intention was to set up a Roku player in the room.  The wifi is free, but was so slow it was unusable at times.  Perhaps it was the location of my room.  I am writing this from the lobby, and it is better there.The staff is friendly and helpful.  We arrived very late, but I called the morning we left home to see about getting adjoining rooms.  They made sure to save them for me.  My kids loved the pool.
3	Stayed here while visiting family in Phoenix.Booked my room through Hotwire, sub $55.99 per night  including everything onA weekend. Room was clean with all the amenities. Breakfast was standard, with a fee hot dishes. Customer service was decent. Good location.Since you can't earn points by booking at Hotwire , I don't think I'll be staying at a radisson again. Since I'm a premier hyatt and IGH member. Definitely recommend this radisson though.
4	I would rate this hotel a 3 for a few things that need improvent. The service from the staff was very good and that's why I gave it a 4.  The room was clean, but some of the furniture was old and needed to be exchanged for newer ones. Carpet had some stains, but passable.  The 2 double beds were comfortable and the bedding fresh. The bathroom was clean and modern. It wss well stocked with fresh towels. Air conditioning worked, but noisy at times.  I think the hotel was upgrading at the time. The rooms and suites my other family members acquired were newer and comfortable. The lobby looked new and modern,  as well as the buffet area. The food was very good. We had a different choice of food every morning.  The hotel offered the breakfast buffet at half price if you bought the meal ticket the day before.  If you're on a budget and want a decent room with a decent location, this is the hotel to stay at.
1	Our a/c died and we needed a hotel close to home for our family of 5. We had the worst night here! The a/c in the room is so loud that we couldn't hear any of our kids waking up in the other room asking for help. The bed was very uncomfortable and had a blood stain on the sheets. Very disgusting! The hallways were dirty in desperate need of a good vacuum and the walls would appreciate a sponge bath. For $80 a night it feels overpriced because even if I wanted I could not make a guest this uncomfortable at my house. Sleeping on the floor was more comfortable then the bed. There is a huge bulge right on the middle of the bed because the sleep number mattress wouldn't work. Seriously, I regret tremendously, not spending extra $20 for a decent place....
3	The room was clean and comfortable enough.  My issue was having to pay $4.30 for two cups of coffee and it being lukewarm at best. Morning coffee is important to us.  At checkout I told the desk clerk and her response was,"when I poured it it was steaming so it must be from the creamer--we keep our creamer on ice." A response showing good customer service would be an apology. Great customer service would be an offer of a complimentary hot cup of coffee. A sign in our room stated their goal was to have a perfect ten in customer service and to let them know about any issue so they could fix it before posting a review. I tried, they didn't.
