2	I'm reviewing yet another fast food restaurant and it's not because I'm totally into grease, but because I'm admittedly overly critical of attention to detail in these drive-thru places because hello, you're driving through, usually driving AWAY, and you're too far from the restaurant to remedy the situation when you notice they foul up. I worked at a restaurant with a drive-thru when I was in high school that was run by a tough, whip-wielding family who taught us that you DON'T make mistakes. You just don't. You take steps to ensure that you are not missing anything because no one wants to drive back to bitch when mistakes are made. With that said... not only was a special order acknowledged but not followed through, we received no ketchup (for not one but two orders of french fries), no STRAW for a soda, and they charged me an extra 27 cents for a side of sweet and sour. Which they didn't put in the bag. Now while I realize that these are minor items and to some I may be perceived as a petty crank with too much time on my hands, if this is the way you need to drink your soda while you drive, with a straw, it complicates things. If you like ketchup with your fries and at 99% of every other drive-thru in the country you don't have to ask for it, you're in for an unpleasant surprise. And paying extra for something you don't receive is really dumb. Onto the food... I remember back when I was a young whipper-snapper, that McRib was awesome (as long as you don't lift the bun and look at it, you're golden). While it hasn't shrank like everything else it seems, they now skimp on the sauce in a big way, and let's face it, it's the sauce that makes the sandwich. This sucks: The poor old smooshed-together McRib just isn't that great anymore. Or maybe my cranky, wrinkled-up ornery taste buds have changed. Or maybe I've finally woken up and realized that no one should ever be eating this kind of food, for any reason whatsoever. I'm sure it's a combination of the three.
1	While placing my order through the DRIVE THRU she asked "is that for here or to go?"
1	You couldn't screw up my order any more if you tried.  This place is so bad I just pull up to the drive through and I tell them, "I have $15.00 to feed 4 people. Make it happen."  That is the only way I can be sure that they won't give me the wrong thing.
1	Not only is this a McDonald's so therefore nigh on inedible, but its a bad McDonalds! I have never had food from here that tasted good at all!Two pet peeves: They have no bike rack. Y'know how Mickey D's is all, "We are for the active American now, come get yer carrot sticks!" Well, why don't you have a bike rack? Especially in one of the highest bike population densities in the country? Burger King down the block has 'em!The other: They have done away with small drinks. The smallest is medium now. THE SMALLEST DRINK IS A MEDIUM. Even better? They still have lids labeled for smalls!
3	This is a McDonald's, however in the past couple of months they completely remodeled the whole thing, so now it's worse. You'd think with new decor and freshly opened makes it better, it doesn't. it's cold and cramped, and i don't recommend it at all. The staff looks new, but already they need a new over-haul as well. Crazy.
3	While I am not a frequent McDonalds customer, there are times when I absolutely, positively have to have the fries.  Nothing else will do.  When that need strikes this clean and newly renovated McDonalds location is A-OK!Two drive-through lanes make ordering and receiving food quick and easy.  I fortunately have not had the experience of receiving an incorrect order, and have even been able to use coupons in the drive-through without issue.  While the food never quite looks as it appears on TV, I have not been to a McDonalds that does meet this standard (except in Tokyo, which made the most beautiful Big Mac I have ever seen... ) So, this will continue to be my go-to spot to satisfy my fry cravings.
2	This place has gone to pots since they have changed over to the new improved look they seem to get my orders wrong every time the food is cold and just doesn't taste like Mcdonalds food. The drive thru menu is hard to read since they changed the background to white and if you go at night prepare yourself for extremely rude employees and just over all bad service. I have been attending this location since humm I was born.. I had my birthday parties there in the 70's and 80's.. now its just not the same.. I really just have to say the food does not taste the same as it did before they changed it over to the new improved look. Although I love the look maybe its the coldness of the employees whom you can tell really don't want to work there but they have too. NEEDS EMPLOYEE Training there on how to be kind and smile
1	I received the worst service ever tonight nothing like a moody shift manager with a attitude.NOT A GOOD LOOK FOR YOU MCDONALD'S
2	About 99% of the time I don't eat fast food. However,  on the weekends we occasionally get egg mcmuffin meals that are pretty tasty.  They certainly are still fast food,  and don't compare to restaurant style food,  but sometimes a lil mcdonalds hits the spot.  I love their hash browns.
1	Terrible customer service. Opened 24hrs yet they can't make coffee or give you old sandwiches. Half the time it's "cash"Only. I hate coming here.
3	Have been here for breakfast a few times now and the service always seems to be quick and the always has that same delicious mcdonalds taste...The only thing is sometimes the cashier can be rude and short with the orders. Not every welcoming to 2 orders in the car as well. Also, the hash browns seem to be inconsistent. Either overcooked or a bit undercooked. Uh hello!!!This is the best part about mcdonalds breakfast here people!!!!!
4	This is a pretty fast location of McDonalds. The location is nice and new, very clean, and they have the 2 lane drive thru setup. The people at the windows were very friendly and courteous and made for a fun experience. Good job, Mickey-D's!!
2	I've been to this Micky D's a few times and each time I've been here it's been okay...this time, however, I came with a co-worker to get lunch for our boss. They screwed the order up each time they repeated it and gave us two Coke Zeros instead of one Coke Zero and one Dr. Pepper as ordered...even then, my co-worker said the DP tasted flat and nasty. The drive-through people here this time were rather snarky and didn't crack a smile. They had a very rude tone with a straight-faced, pissed expression. I've worked in the food business in the past and that is VERY BAD ETIQUETTE! Not cool, McD's! Get some people who appreciate helping customers and get rid of these ass clowns you  have working for you! These reasons are why my opinion from former visits went from pretty good to downhill and less of star ratings.By the way, clowns are CREEPY! Ronald McDonald has ALWAYS creeped me out since childhood!
5	Can't complain about this location. Drive through is quick and they have never messed up my order.
1	This is a very bad McDonald's. They serve dried out sandwiches on stale bread that's been sitting around for too long. When made fresh and properly prepared, McDonald's food is delicious. What this restaurant does to McDonald's is a disgrace and I wish the corporation would deny franchises to "investors" who buy these restaurants and leave unmotivated unprofessional morons to run them.
