1	I stopped by for a quick lunch and ordered the mahi mahi plate.  When I opened the container, I looked at the fish and it definitely didn't look like mahi.  It looked like the fillet of a small fish where they butterfly it before frying.  When I tasted it, I definitely knew it wasn't  mahi.  I do some boat fishing in Hawaii and eat mahi quite often so I know the taste.  This definitely was something else.Rather than making a scene, I ate the "fish" plate and left.  I hope Eddie Flores reads this and puts quality control procedures in place and insists that his franchisees adhere to the good quality control that made L & L popular in the first place.I won't ever eat at that location again!
4	A surprisingly good place!It's on the cross streets of maryland and flamingo, and could be easily missed. It's looks like a worn down brown shack, but the inside is cleaner than expected. It was pretty empty when we came in, but by the time we left it was popping. The employee was very polite and cleaned up after people when they left. I ordered the chicken katsu in a small which is the perfect size for a lunch, anything more you would have leftovers. The chicken katsu was flawlessly cooked, crunchy yet soft in the inside. It also came with macaroni salad which was good, you can't really mess up macaroni salad.So for $6 including tax, I'd say this is a great place to come during lunch or any of your classes after unlv.Only thing stopping me from giving 5 stars is how long the food takes to come out, there were only two customers ahead of me but it still took awhile for me to receive my food.
3	Finally ramen burger.... But not as tasty as I thought. They should mix in the MSG sauce into the noodles, and the meat was quite subpar.  The other l&l on Maryland and Sahara straight out refused to make it saying it does not taste good. BBQ chicken was okay.
5	I love L&L! This & the one by the Galleria mall are the only one's that stuff your plate. The others are stingy. So definitely come here!
4	This place is awesome.
5	I heard a lot of good things about this about this company from a few friends. One day I when to check it out, I was well greeted as soon as I walked into Hawaiian Style Poke. I ordered me different types of poke and all I can say is, it's the best kind of poke I tried since I moved from Oahu. Very good texture and ingredients that makes the poke so great. I would definitely recommed this place of business to anyone that just loves poke and a company that provides outstanding customer service. I'm glad I was introduce to this place because I will refer a lot of people and I would go back again and again for myself.
