5	B&L Pools & Spa rocks!  Great customer service over the phone and in person. After cancelling pool service from a company because the guy was an ass over the phone, I decided to care for my pool on my own. Called a few places to find out the hours and what not, and B&L was the friendliest.  When I walked in, I was greeted and helped by Donna. She is great! Being a first time pool owner I knew my questions were pretty elementary, but Donna answered all my questions and didn't make me feel awkward about it. After testing my water, rather than just telling me what products I needed, she explained why and what they do.
5	So the pool store we had been going to closed. Bummer. Fortunately we remembered this place was right up the street from our house! Its super old school in there. Nothing fancy, but they have all the chemicals you could need and they also work on your pool pumps and vacuums right there so that's handy! Our pool developed the black algae :( We took in pictures and a sample of our water and they set us straight. Black algae was wiped out and pool is back to new! We will definitely be making this our new pool go to place.
5	I found this store after seeing their ad in the Sunday paper. I needed pool cleaning supplies after moving into a home with a pool, and the previous occupants left nothing except for the floating chlorine dispenser. They have a rewards program, are locally owned and have several locations. I got a great deal on my new hose and a pool lounger. Watch for their ads in the Sunday paper as they usually have coupons.
5	Fast friendly service. I wondered how they would treat me, since I'm female, and they have always taken the time to explain things to me. They came out and replaced my sand filter. They were on time, very clean about their work, and the work matched my quote. Here's to the mom & pops that are still around and beating the big box competition in all areas. Thank you B&L!
1	WORST SERVICE EVER!The service is OK in the store, but NEVER call them for a repair! You probably will find  something better in Craiglist. Repair department is really unprofessional and unfriendly, their priority is send you a bill instead of customer satisfaction. You will find other reviews here stating the same, so save some time and money and call somebody else for repairs and try Costco or Online stores for supplies.
