4	Rosati's was a Chicago favorite for 40 years, now expanding in Las Vegas.  This Carry out only location - open a couple of years- offers excellent varied type ( Thin, Thick, Double Dough, Deep Dish)  Chicago Style Pizza as well as Pasta, Calzones, Ribs, Shrimp, Chicken, Salads and Sandwiches.  We ordered an Extra Large Thin Crust with Mushroom, the pizza was ready on time ( we picked it up) hot and tasty.  They scrimped on the mushroom which got two complaints from the family saying " we dont have this problem at Metro.." Now for the true Italian/ American test: Overall the pizza was gone in 7 Minutes. Including the self evaluation done by each member De Famiglia.  Couldn't have been too bad right? So, I recommend this as a great carry out alternative on the West Side or Sumemrlin area, but dont expect abondanza Ingredients.
4	I've eaten at over 40 pizza places in town. I think this place has the best Chicago style pizza in Vegas. People are friendly and the price with coupons is unbelievable.  Well eat again.
4	The deep-dish pizza is fantastic, but we've had several problems ordering from them.The first time we ordered, we ordered online and requested delivery.  We ordered early in the afternoon for delivery at 6pm.  It was a little after 6:30pm that the pizza arrived, which was fine but surprising since they'd had all day to get it ready.  They had forgotten to include the garlic bread that we'd ordered.  Still, the pizza was exactly what we were looking for: crispy deep dish crust, doughy middle with tons of cheese, sausage, peppers, onions, etc.  Delicious!We just ordered again last night, and this time we called.  They recognized our phone number, and we told them we wanted to order the same pizza as last time.  We also asked that they throw in a garlic bread because we didn't get one last time.  They said no problem.  A half-hour later, they called back and said that they weren't able to deliver because we were too far away.  Puzzled, we asked them how come we got delivery before, and they merely said that it was the driver's discretion and he must have not had a busy night last time.So I jumped in the car and drove up to get it.  It took my 8 minutes to get there, which doesn't seem like an excessive trip for delivery.  But mostly I wish they would just be consistent; I don't mind picking it up if I know that's required ahead of time.  When I got the pizza home, I was very disappointed to find out that they'd messed up the order.  The pizza was not as good as before because it only had cheese and sausage and was missing all the other ingredients we ordered.  With a deep dish pizza, you have to have lots of toppings!We love the pizza, but if we order from them again, we'll have to be very careful about making sure they get the order right.
2	The place is a little hidden off, but its next to subway. I have only been here one time, but I had a horrible experience. First off I decided to this place because of a special promotion courtesy of restaurant.com. Second, I ordered through the phone, and was told 30 minutes @ approx. 7pm. I arrived and paid at 730pm, and paid, they seemed a little busy so I decided to be patient for my order understanding they are a little busy. Its 745pm, and I'm wondering where my food is, the two people that I was ahead of already left with their order. So I ask the lady taking the phone and orders at the front, and then she goes into the heat oven and to my surprise, pulls out my order. Okay, so my order was ready and they didn't want to notify me?? I leave without saying anything, but decided to check on the pizza while I was at a stop light in my car. They have a different type of pizza box and when I opened one flap, it was completely soggy and leaked onto my car's chair, leaving a mess. Most definitely unpleasant because I like to be very clean about my car. Now to the food.. I ordered mozzarella sticks, some white sauce with penne pasta, and a rosati's monster chicago style. The mozzarella sticks were pretty good, but how can you mess that up? The pasta... nothing to brag about, it was okay. Now the pizza should be renamed the olive monster, that thing was covered in olives. I can't give the pizza any true critique other than it was more wet than Seattle's weather.I've worked in a few pizzeria's, franchise and local, and never had a gave anyone a situation like this. Perhaps they their food is actually pretty good, just my specific pizza was disastrous, but I'll never know because I'm not going back.
3	3 Stars for inconsistency and a horrible staff.I had Rosatis a few times from one of their other locations before I moved to this area and never had a bad experience. I now live right across the street from this one and have ordered  a number of times. Some times its great, sometimes its ok and sometimes its just plain sad. The management for Rosatis really needs to evaluate this location and figure out what or should I say who is to blame. Every time I go in here the staff seems confused and frustrated and to be honest I don't think they were trained properly or know what they are doing. I have been 5 or 6 times now and I don't think I have seen the same employee twice (meaning they can't hold on to employees). I considered applying here when I first found them but then decided against it after seeing the employees and people I would have to work with. They all seemed just miserable all the time.For one- when I call and place the order they usually seem confused. I always do pick-up b/c its close by and after I place my order they usually just give me the total and are ready to hang up. I always have to ask how long before its ready. Am I supposed to just assume how long its going to take? I have never ordered food and not gotten a time. Then they usually just guess when I tell them because the person working the phones has no idea how long it takes for stuff to cook.Which means- when I get there usually either my food has not even gone in yet (happened once) or my food is nowhere close to being ready (happened twice). I have also witnessed my food being packed up and put in the warmer by the cooks and the girl at the front was not notified that an order was complete. I had to go to her and tell her that my food had just come out. (pathetic)I even came in one night to find out that they had "given my food to the wrong person apparently" which I think is BS and they just forgot to do it. So I stood there waiting for it for about 20 minutes and they didn't even give me a discount or anything.Recently they have had the Lunch buffet for 5.99 from 11-2pm m-f. The first time i tried to go was around 1 on a wed and the guy at the front when I asked if they were doing the buffet said he didn't know if they were doing it and that he was just covering for someone. How do you not know if you are doing a buffet?! So I left. Decided to try again last wed at 1pm and the girl had to ask the cook if it was still going on. I almost walked out again but she said it was so I decided to try it. Not impressive AT ALL!!!! The food had been sitting out forever. The pizza was cold, the pasta was dried up. The sauce and meatballs were good as well as the salad and the anti-pasto. However, I had to go looking around for parmesean cheese when the server dissappeared for a while (leaving 2 or 3 dirty tables out while she was away). I felt bad because she was very friendly and sweet but had no idea what she was doing.Luckily for this Rosatis there food is still good, however as I mentioned... inconsistent. But it is the closest decent food for me without having to drive far. Just last night I ordered the Rosatis Chopped Salad (might be the best salad I have ever had, honestly) and I ordered The Cheef (there version of a cheesesteak. The Cheef was rather disappointing as the meat was not prepared right and was too greasy causing the nicely toasted bread to become moist at the bottom and tear apart to create a messy sandwich.If anyone from Rosati's reads this: Please get a new staff! Your manager at this location obviously is clueless as to what they are doing and lets the staff do whatever they like. This has the potential to be such a good place to eat.
1	My family and I went to the restaurant for a "Dine-In" experience on November 7, 2009.  We arrived at 6:15.  It took over 45 minutes for my family to receive their order.  There were only 3 other customers in the restaurant so a busy restaurant was not the problem.  It took over 20 minutes for the waiter to notify me that one of the items on the menu was not available.  My barbeque ribs were overcooked and it was not a full rack unless the pig was named "Wilbur" and was from Charlotte's Web.  It was more like 3/4 of a rack of ribs.  There was barely any sauce on the overdone ribs.  Food has a grade of C+ (and I'm being generous).Kitchen Help - during our stay at the establishment I noticed one thing,  the kitchen help was of no help at all. Several times I noticed the kitchen help coming out the back service door to help themselves to the soda fountain.  It was not just one but two or three individuals that came out multiple times.  When I was leaving the restaurant, it all became clear to me. There were probably about 5 or 6 people in the kitchen, and maybe one or two were working.  Several girls were staring through the kitchen door observation window out to the parking lot where one of the employees was smoking a cigarette and checking out one of the cars parked in the dirt.  Most of the employee's cars were parked in such a haphazard way that it looked like a high school drive-in more than a respectable restaurant.  One employee is certainly active because he was also one of the ones that kept helping himself to the soda at the fountain.  It also doesn't help that the male kitchen help were not clean-shaven.  The kitchen help gets a grade of D- (I've seen worse and that's why it's not an F).Service - I would have to say this was the only bright spot in the whole experience.  Our waiter, busted his butt to make sure our dining experience was good.  I know he was covering for the kitchen help because he was very apologetic and seemed frustrated at times with what was going on in the kitchen. I give him a grade of A.My final thoughts:  I have done more than my share of restaurant work in my youth and I have been in the Customer Service field for over 20 years.  This experience was not a good one.  On the website I'm sure Sam Rosati would not stand for this kind of kitchen help or quality of food that I experienced on Saturday November 7, 2009.  Since the restaurant is not in the best of locations, it will have to survive by word of mouth.  It is not going to survive for very long with kitchen help and food like I experienced.Russp.s.  I'm not sure about those earlier ratings of 4 stars because this particular Rosati's was not open during 2008.
3	I think I must have gotten Misti Y's pizza! I worked in Chicago for 4 years so I know my deep dish pizzas. Unfortunately, chewing on a " brick o' cheese" isn't my wife's favorite past time. So we ordered the pan pizza (like Pizza Hut). The girl took my order, and even though I live just around the block, I decided to wait....and wait.I saw the girl pull out a deep dish, box it up, and hand it to me. I told her that I ordered a pan pizza. The tag on it clearly said PAN PIZZA. But she told me that it would take another long wait to make another pizza. So I took the deep dish home, which the Mrs. wasn't happy about. I was actually pretty happy with the quality of the pizza (10X better than the Giordano's I had in Chicago last time). It wasn't Gino's East, but then again... who is?
3	A couple of co-workers and I decided to stop in because we heard that they were doing a pizza buffet lunch at this location. We arrived 25 minutes before the lunch buffet was going to shut down. As we sat down we were assured by the waiter that they were making more pizzas and there would be enough. True to his word they did eventually make enough pizzas and we left after our fill. BUT that was not enough to overcome my biggest gripes about the experience. 1. When you go to a buffet type experience you expect there to be food on the buffet.. Having to fight with other patrons over pizza slices is not a fun thing. It just sets up the unpleasant situation where your fighting for every slice and then the whole pizza is gone in 60 seconds. And really, who doesn't hate the douche bag who takes more than one slice in this situation.2. Rosati's is known for their deep dish Chicago pizza, but they don't serve it on the buffet.Wow, I asked about this one and they said that they can't justify the cost of putting deep dish on the buffet. WHAT? Why even bother to do the buffet if your going to be cheap about it. If we had known that before we started eating, we would have just ordered a pie and skipped the buffet.  Up the price a couple of bucks per person and put the deep dishes out, I would gladly pay it. 3. The buffet itself was kinda sparse. I probably would not have noticed it except for I was waiting for pizza. There was salad, only two types of dressing, some pasta, sauces, meatballs and Italian sausages. They have a huge menu, it just felt limited.Now the food was good and the service was attentive, but take my advice order delivery until they fix this.
3	I would come here for the garlic knots alone ....they are little bites of evil goodness! I was planning on ordering the garlic knots but to my surprise it came with our meal so I was happy about that! I ate so much of these that I hardly had any room for my Meatball Sandwich. The sandwich was good but a little too salty for me . I had a couple of bites and saved it for lunch the next day. I also had the Tiramisu to go which had the right texture..it wasn't too wet. Shortly after we received our meal we had to go because my husband had to go to work. I think the waiter was concerned it was because of the food .He asked if everything was okay. Everything was good but we were running on a tight schedule. When we aren't so busy I'd like to come back and try their Deep Dish Pizza.... I'm still scouting out the perfect deep dish!
4	I tried Rosati's for the first time recently after hearing great things about it for a long time.  I got the Hawaiian pizza with the crispy thin crust and some chicken strips.  The Hawaiian pizza comes with Canadian bacon, pineapple, BBQ sauce, and mozzarella cheese.  The BBQ sauce gave it a nice flavor.  The pizza was really enjoyable.  And the chicken strips were tasty, too. Just writing this makes me want to order from Rosati's again and try some of the other items on their menu.  Next time I do, I will update my review here.
2	Decided to order a pie from here instead from the usual Domino's for a U.F.C. fight night at my brother's house.  We ordered the pie two sausage and mushroom.  It took a little over an hour to get there.I paid the extra money to get the "better crust"  I just didn't know that it meant it was the harder crust.  I never had a piece of pizza so hard to chew.  My brother asked me how much I paid for this and when I told him he smirked.   Like Vince Vaughn said in Wedding Crashers it's hard to make a bad pizza, but this place did it.  With so many options here in Vegas I would never try there pie again.
3	Not thoroughly impressed with this place, but it was ok overall. Yet another review brought to you by Groupon. I might have an addiction, just saying. Excited to try some good ol' Chicago style pizza in this town, but this wasn't what I was expecting. The place was pretty dead when we got there. Just one other table was seated and not too much happening on the to-go side either. Despite this, the service was still pretty slow. Our waitress would disappear for long periods of time. So much so, that we ended up refilling our own drinks and stacking our plates ourselves.The pizza wasn't as thick as I was expecting. More of a pan pizza than a deep dish in my opinion. I wasn't too blown away by the flavors. The size is enormous though, so I would definitely recommend getting a  smaller pizza than you would think. I was full after just one slice. We had the wings as well and they were just ok. Don't make a special trip out here, but it's good if you're in the neighborhood.
5	Tried Rosati's for the first time after buying a Groupon there.  We ordered a tray house salad and a small Chicago pizza.  The tray salad was HUGE and would feed a large family.  All was great, great customer service.  We will definitely be returning.
1	My wife and I went to this restaurant, hoping to have a nice Italian meal, or a pizza.  We walked in the front door, and stood right next to the sign that said, "Please wait to be seated".  OK. We waited.  Several employees passed us, back and forth, several times - no smiles, no acknowledgment, nothing. Finally, after 5 minutes a young lady, asks us "Did you want to be seated?"Really.  "Did you want to be seated?"!!!!"Sure, thank you."  (although, my wife wanted to say..."No, we just wanted to stand here and look at your fine establishment.")She walked us to a table, dropped two menus on top, and walked away.  Really!  I don't think so.  Thank you very much, we'll go eat someplace else.  Never going back to Rosati's.  Stay away.
2	I guess I should have checked the Yelp reviews before we came as opposed to looking at them while at the restaurant waiting for our pizza. First let me say, the only place I've ever had great Chicago-style pizza is actually in Chicago. The Chicago-style pizza here was ok but definitely not comparable to Giordano's or Lou Malnati's. The pizza should recieve 3 stars, and the breadsticks served before meal should be 4 stars, but the service should really only be 1 star.We walked in and the 2 girls at the front didnt even say "hi". I had to ask if we seat ourselves and she then says "no, how many?". She takes us to our table and then drops off menu and walks away. I don't think she was rushing anywhere important as there was only 1 other table eating inside. Once we recieved our pizza, she didn't stop back until I was well into my 3rd piece...I then asked for a box and she dropped check off. She was quick to come back to get paid but that was her only moment of urgency our entire meal.I don't think I'll be back to this location. I get takeout from the Silverado Ranch location, you can't dine-in there but the carry-out experience is a much more pleasant one...
3	Just like everyone else, the food is really very good. I had eggplant parm and my husband had a calzone. Walking in we were seated at a dirty table, we asked one of the waitresses to clean it off and since she saw we got sprayed with cleaner she let us know it was a mild disinfectant. From there it took 15 minutes to get drinks, my salad never arrived and it took 45 minutes for food and an additional 10 minutes to eat (we were never given silverware). Once we had them remove the invisible salad off the bill, we let them know how horrible the service was. Definetly get take out, the food is worth it but the service is not!
1	New to the neighborhood and thought let's give this place a try. Bottom line -we will not be back. Owner-please take note-you need to speed up the service and the kitchen. I consider this a casual restaurant and it took 15 minutes to get a green salad and 50 minutes to get dinner. After waiting almost an hour, we took our dinner home. Now i have lost my appetitite, so maybe we will eat the leftovers tomorrow night. What a waste of time and money. I hate to write bad reviews, owning restaurants myself for 15 years, but please read your reviews and change the way that you are doing business. We would love to find a nice, small, affordable Italian restaurant that one could get dinner in 10-15 minutes. Restaurant is pricey for the simple food fare too.
1	For the last year year their food has always been very good but over the last month the food quality has really taken a turn for the worse.   Pizza is like a sprinkle of cheese on a cracker, breadsticks - not even close to what it sounds like - really bad we had to throw out. An Angelhair pasta dish with spinach and mushrooms was so bad, after one bite we threw it out. The pasta tasted like a smoked piece of wood.  Really awful experience. This was not the first in the last month. Both times I could not believe how bad it was. The restaurant was closed for over three weeks due to what they called water damage but I really think they lost their chef or owners and have new people running it that have no idea what they are doing. Would have been highly recommended until this last month.  We won't go back after this last experience!
5	Truly the best think crust pizza on the planet!  Blows away Pizza Hut, Dominoes and Pappa Johns.  A 14 inch will feed about four people.  Also incredible chicken wings, antipasto salad and angel hair pasta with marinara.  Nice to be able to order delivery from a place that has more than just pizza and wings!Wayne Gorsek
3	I ordered my first Chicago style pizza at this place and was disappointed. I don't think it was so much Rosati's fault as it just turns out Chicago style pizza sucks. It's a ridiculous concept - who needs cheese on the bottom and sauce on the top? I'm a cheese fanatic and from the first bite the texture was all wrong. You couldn't even taste the cheese it was all sauce. Ick! The crust was good and the overall taste was just above average so in fairness I will order a regular pizza from them to see if that is to my liking. Stay tuned for that review.
4	Note - if this review seems similar, please see my review of the Rosati's on Chayenne as I posted this review there first before realizing the location.  I left it up because I have tried both places and the quality is similar!  Craving Chicago Style Pizza?  Well look no further, just bring a truck to get your leftovers home.  Their breadsticks are to die for.  Garlicky, yet not greasy, small, almost french fry size but light and crispy.  We got an antipaasti salad which wasn't very creative but was delicious.  I should have stopped there.  Salad and breadsticks would have filled me up but we came for the deep dish.  My wife mistakenly ordered the medium deep dish.  Having had Chicago Pizza at its birthplace in Chicago (Gino's or Giordanos??? another time.), I was certain a medium would be about the size of a normal plate and deep.  Instead it was about the size of a large flat crust pizza except deep!  The crust was perfectly crisp and the dough light.There was a lot of flavor and not a lot of grease which is good for a deep dish.  The dining area is small but the Pizza worth the wait.Ok, we aren't done yet, my daughter wanted pasta so we got her Penne (knock knock Penne, Knock Knock Penne).  Another truck arrived at our table and delivered a trough full of delicious pasta.  They will alter the dish as my daughter wanted melted mozzerella on top. They happily obliged.So, we carted home 1/2 a salad, 6/8 of a pizza and 2/3 of the pasta for lunch and dinner for the rest of the week.   Did I mention that with drinks the whole meal for three cost $49.00. Why not five stars?  Well the atmosphere is not the greatest, the place is small and they don't have as many topping choices as I would like.  But if you are craving good pizza and pasta that won't break the wallet, this is the place to go.
4	The Chicago deep dish pepperoni was great. The house salad could have been better but average.Thanks!
1	Twice we ordered take out as Rosati's isn't far from our house and we had guests. Both times they lost our order, the 1st time we weren't told this until after we paid!!  The second time we called and mentioned the problem to avoid a repeat missed order, and they did it again! lol!  And both times it took well over 30 minutes to get our order and on second time the order wasn't complete and that took 10 more minutes to fix!What's the saying......'fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me?'  We haven't been back since!   And btw, the food wasn't anything special!
4	I had pizza here once because of a free coupon they had given a while back to some local businesses i always remembered how freakin good that pizza was but lost the menu and couldn't remember where it was from! Well last night i was looking on Yelp! for food (not pizza) and everywhere i called had delivery through some food running place and redirected me to a phone number that some girl answered with a baby crying in the back round, they wont honor any coupons or yelp deals, and the businesses themselves couldn't help, and i sure as hell didn't feel comfortable giving my credit card to this lady....but whatever so i found Rosatis on yelp and the reviews were good and they do their own delivery and low and behold i open their menu online and see...... That menu i had lost! Yeah!!!!  So i ordered hot wings, ribs, chicken parm sandwich, baked mostaccioli, and breaded mushrooms.....EVERYTHING was fantastic! The only reason I'm giving four stars is because my pasta said it came with bread sticks and they forgot mine and also for the really rude lady that took my order. (Just to let you know i said hot wings because i didn't want them mild that's why i didn't say buffalo) I think she might've been training because i heard some one coaching her in the back round ....If i were that business owner i would keep that girl away from the phone til she learns some etiquette
5	Holy hell this is good pizza!I ordered for our family last night, just in time to turn on MNF.  Now, I haven't eaten at a Rosati's in over 5 years so I was highly disappointed that this is one of the remaining West Side locations.  Only a few years ago they were like 7-11's and there wasn't and address in Las Vegas where they didn't have delivery service. I had been to this location back in 07 or 08 and I was quite impressed when I walked in.  Apparently they have added a dining area and there is a nice Tuscan feel to it.  Keep in mind though, it is still a pizza place.  Not worthy of bringing the Nikon to see authentic Italian art.We ordered the Chicago Style Deep Dish and it was everything I remembered.  Golden crisp crust layered with cheese, pep's and sauce on top.  I ordered a large, fully expecting to have left overs (the pizza box weighed close to 5 lbs) and we devoured every bit of it.  Seriously, the dog snuck in the trash and ate most of the cardboard overnight!This was the best pizza I have had in months, if not years.  A great flavor, good seasonings, great sauce, healthy amount of cheese, not to mention friendly staff!I was very impressed to see how much their menu has expanded as well!  Quite a few items if you don't want pizza (which I would highly recommend).Great job, Rosati's!  I will be back... soon!
3	I finally have had a taste of what Rosati's has to offer.We placed our order for a small 12' deep dish Chicago style meat combo pizza $16.50 and an appetizer of (12) buffalo style wings $8.99.They give you a complimentary order of bread sticks which would have been delicious had they been cooked more. They were greasy soggy and under cooked otherwise it would have been a nice bread basket as the marinara sauce was tasty.Our small 12' deep dish pizza took one hour to cook, that would have been nice to have been told in advance while placing our order. We missed our movie because of the long wait. We ate our wings and after the hour wait for our pizza just requested they box it up to go.The service was super friendly however they would not accept our coupon for a bogo offer they have in the entertainment guide.  :(The buffalo style wings were very big meaty and good.The deep dish style pizza was good.
3	if you're going for deep dish pizza, you better be ready to be there for an hour. 35 minute wait for deep dish. But it was well worth the wait. pizza came out, a little buttery and a very crispy crust. I guess it depends on how thick, you want the pizza to be, I have seen places that are really, really deep, this one is pretty much an average size. Sauce was great, hint of sweet to it., shared a small pepperoni and half mushroom, I had the mushroom side. It was very filling, only had 2 slices and I was full, maybe because we devoured the garlic bread, which was very good. It was good. But im not exactly sure if this was authentic chicago style deep dish.
2	We really enjoy their double dough pizza especially during the first 3-4 times we ordered.We've ordered here dozens of times but they are often inconsistent.  They cut the pizza into squares when you ask for pie cut, the pizza is often oozing with too much oil, etc.  When they do get it right, it's definitely worth the price.  Plus, it beats ordering from more mainstream chains...They've forgotten items we ordered for delivery a couple of times.  The driver was quick to retrieve the missing items so no biggie. It's really the girl who answers the phones that's unapologetic and have the personality of a rock.We quickly learned to start ordering online to avoid speaking with her.  She rushes on the phone, doesn't try to solve issues in a positive manner (i.e. too quick to offer refund for missing item when we paid cash and doesn't offer any apologies), treats customers without any respect and is just plain unpleasant. I never asked for her name because it's not personal and she obviously wasn't trained to be personable on the phone by at least offering her name when answering calls.All in all, the food is somewhat above average, but the service can be much improved.
5	The thin crust pizza is delicious, the beef & combo sandwiches are large, very tasty & come with fries, but OMG the Chicago Deep Dish Pizza is to die for. The crust is both crunchy and buttery, there's plenty of deep red, rich, sweet sauce, just the right amount of cheese and the sausage (my topping of choice) is the best I've had on a pizza in the 25 years I've lived here. The medium pizza would be considered a large at most other restaurants. It fed 3 of us and I had a few slices left for the next day. By the way, it tastes almost as good the next day reheated in the oven. I'm from Chicago and I have to say this pizza is as good as or better than Gino's East and Uno's. Rosemary (formerly of Amore's) has been here for a few months now and she's friendly, efficient and will make you feel like a member of the family right away. If you do decide to stop in there for the deep dish pizza call ahead. Perfection takes time and this perfect pizza takes about 35-45 minutes to bake.
4	Not all Rosati's are created equal. Some are franchised and others are independently owned. This one is not a franchise. Those I had tried before were and I was never a fan. I'm still not sold on the thin crust. I find it too bland. However, their best pizza isn't even on the menu. It's a special order and special is the keyword. Dine in and order a stuffed pizza. There will be a 45 minute wait but you will be in for a treat (buttery crust and gooey cheese galore). The flavors packed in this pie bring me back to Chicago with each bite. It's wonderful. We've tried it from delivery (as pictured) and it was still mighty tasty, but the crust wasn't as crisp. I definitely recommend dining in.
2	the inconsistensy of this place not good! when its good its good but tonight really bad....im only giving two stars because the lady on the phone was much better ... but for fifty bucks unfortunatey the food was not! my monster pizza was far from the monster b4 and they did remember the breadsticks but my pasta was cold.....wings just so-so tonight...next time i order will be the ultimate review because i have total mixed feeings if i try again!
5	My husband used to be regulars of Amore's here on Durango, but in the past yearthe food has just gone down hill. We came here and the Deep Dish is awesome, taste just like Giordano's.  This pizza had good flavor, good amount of sauce and toppings. Had our favorite waitress Rosemarie(ex Amore). Such hard worker andgreat server. Rosati's is blessed to have her.  The food is so good here, and isour new Pizza Place here in Vegas.  Once you try here, you won't go anywhere else.
1	I wanted to like this place because I like eating at places nearby but the service is cringe worthy. We came into a empty restaurant so it was nice to have our choice of seats. We chose a seat at the back of the restaurant by the big flat screens. The TV's were entertaining because we were waiting for a deep dish to be made which takes like 40 min.  They had a nice Christmas comedy on so we didn't mind waiting even though we had to refill our own drinks most of the time. Then things start to go downhill from there. The waitress sat a large group right next to us ...out of all of the empty seats in the restaurant she chooses that one! Then they ask the waitress if they can change the channel she changes the TV  we are watching without even asking us...very rude! There was another TV that she could of changed without compromising anyone's entertainment. I was happy to see that the food was ready but shortly after biting into in the deep dish I realized that the toppings were wrong. They added mushrooms which I never order because my husband can't stand them . Since the pizza took so long I just accepted the mistake. The sauce which is put on top of the pie was a bit too sour for my taste. The cheesy bread was okay but the meal wasn't worth what we paid for. I know that there are many pizza places in the area that taste better and cost less. I wish I traveled a little farther and went to Amore's!
4	after visiting my dentist near by, he referred me to rosati's, across the way. it  was11 am, and they had just opened.  i was hungry and needed lunch.  i orderedthe small side salad which was very good.  i also ordered 2 meat balls (with meatsauce) which was also very good. i ordered the chicken marcella, which wasalso very good, and then took half of all of it home, for the next day.food was served in a timely manner and hot, and the waiter was very cordialand pleasant; plus i was able to listen to frank sinatra music!i shall return for more good food.
2	I would have given Rosati's a 4-Star rating if it wasn't for the disappointing visit and customer service I had there. Apparently, you can be charged MORE for ordering LESS. I found that out the other day on my first visit there, at the Hualapai location. On the menu, it listed the thin pizza with Pepperoni, Mushroom, Pepper and Onions at $15.45, so I ordered one without the Green Peppers and Onion. First of all the cashier did not say anything about the extra charge, but did not even give me a receipt, like she knew the amount is not the same. I noticed the amount is a little higher than I thought it would be; after I asked for one, and looked at it, I brought it to the cashier's attention, and all she could say is that the computer calculated it that way. I did not want to make a big deal about 50 cent, but thought it was a good point, and expected at least a valid explanation or a credit. But i guess, this is what they count on, the fact that most people would not want to argue over 50c, which was the case with me as well, but it was also the way they quickly brushed it off and blamed it on the register! If you think about it, it is only a few pennies for me, but imagine how much it would add up to when this happens all the time... Needless to say, I did not make a scene out of it, but congratulations Rosati's, you just made an extra 50c out of me, but lost a customer who would have came back over and over. The pizza is good, but when you get skimmed like that, it just leaves a bitter taste in your mouth. By the way, you can have a very similar thin pizza with the same taste and spices at Costco! It comes with a pack of 4, for just over $10...
2	This is used to be our favorite go-to pizza spot.  I always ordered a pepperoni pizza and the side salad.  Man, have I been disappointed lately.  It seems like each visit brought a decline in food quality.  For example, at one point the salad dressing was the best italian dressing I'd ever had.  It tasted home made.  Now it tastes like store-brand dressing.  Cheap.  The last few pizzas we ordered were soggy and one had almost no cheese.  I miss the Rosati's from the days of yore.  We will not be returning.  For a great deep dish Chicago-style pizza we'll be eating at Chicago's up the road.
4	ok this is it Im a fan i keep ordering and thats that These guy are good!
5	Today was one of those days where I forgot to defrost something for dinner and I just didn't feel like leftovers so I grabbed my trusty Rosati's menu. I decided on chicken wings & fries and then my eyes sort of drifted over to the Appetizer selection where I saw Polenta Nuggets. What are Polenta Nuggets you ask? Well I'll tell you. They are wonderful little nuggets of creamy garlic parmesan polenta that are deep fried (two of my favorite words in the English language) and they're served with a side of meat sauce.  I'd never heard of them and I think they must be fairly new because I haven't seen them on the menu before. My food was delivered piping hot and about 20 minutes earlier than the anticipated delivery time. The wings and fries were delicious. The Polenta Nuggets -- well as I took my first bite I think I heard angels singing. This is a great addition to the menu and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to try something new.
4	So it was a Monday night, the Voice battle rounds were coming on and we were starving...Wanting to try something new we remembered the Rosati's ad in 89135 magazine and placed an order for delivery online.I purposefully didn't look up the Yelp reviews for this location (which is generally contrary to my usual pre-eating habits) because the order had already been placed and I didn't want to set up expectation (and then possibly be disappointed).We ordered an X-LG ROSATI'S MONSTER...no olives, no ground beef, add jalepenos. WOW was it good :) My only complaint is that the pizza was a tad soggy towards the middle, simply because there were so many toppings on it. The vegetables were crunchy and fresh and the dough was buttery with nice texture.Of course, we have tons of leftovers and I look forward to enjoying more Rosati's tonight!
5	After meaning to try this place for 3 years we finally got to them...WOW... great pizza.  Crust, cheese, meat, vegies all excellent.  Try 'em, they are our new regular place.  They are so much better than the national chains its not funny.  They are not cheap, but do you ever get what you pay for!  The best.  Had the sausage/pepporoni/olive/green pepper thin crust and it was great.  And large is large!
5	This place is great! The atmosphere is great with the lights and the food is amazing! Great manager!
4	I went here for a date and I can still taste those bread sticks/ twists. The owner makes it all fresh and you can taste the ingredients!AND food is reasonably priced too!
2	First let me warn you, if you go to the website to look at their menu for carry-out, don't be surprised if the prices are wrong - we paid $2 more for a pizza than the prices on-line.  When I asked about the price I was charged, I was just told that the prices on-line are old.  Nothing more was said or done by the person checking us outAs for pizza I was disappointed in the pizza crust.  We had the thin crust and it was nice and flakey, but it was lacking flavor.  It sort of reminded me of an unsalted saltine.  I don't think I will give it another try.  We are still looking for that great pizza here in Vegas.
5	Brought my family in manager John was very good to us. Very clean and delicious! Thanks for your hospitality will always keep coming.
1	Their customer service is horrible! Had an entertainment book coupon, nowhere on the coupon does it specify dine in only like other businesses who participate with the entertainment book. In fact it even states Valid anytime with only the location being specific to desert inn/hualapai. They respond with oh well we aren't going to honor something printed a year ago. Well because they refuse to honor a simple coupon to help satisfy a customer, they loose out on my $40 business. Thank you Rosati's for making me feel like a values customer. Your catch phrase should be satisfaction not guaranteed or rosatis a greedy corporation , where greed actually means more than customer satisfaction, thank you again for reminding me how accommodating people are now a days. Wish you great business karma!!!!!!
5	great manager awesome delivery time wonderful pricing thank ya
4	This is the regular pizza place when the wife and I want to order in. Delivery is usually in the window they say it will be. Pizza is solid. This was her favorite pizza place when we lived in Arizona. This locations seems to make their pies a lot cheesier (for some that's good.... for us it's just different). We always go with the thin crust. It's a can't miss.  We tried the deep dish once. It was a nice change of pace. Incredibly filling and delicious. We bought the meat lover's deep dish special. Definitely worth throwing into the rotation. If you live in Summerlin and are looking for a place to make your regular.... it's definitely worth a look.
5	very accommodating to huge family thank you Rosati's this has been a great experience especially during the holiday time I appreciate your customer service and you are friendly patient staff manager was John Langley thank you from Cali
1	Not the place for you if you like your thin crust pizza crispy and spicy.  Ordered two for delivery- both crusts were very soggy and a bit undercooked.  The toppings were extremely bland- even sausage, onions, peppers- the usual spicy stuff.  We added red pepper, Tabasco, etc, to no avail.  Put  one pizza in a preheated oven in an effort to crisp it up, but the crust was not very thin, and came out rock hard after a few minutes.  A lot of wasted pizza and two hungry, frustrated, non-diners. I hesitated to write a bad review because the customer service was excellent- very friendly and efficient on the phone and arrived on time.  The customer service earned 4 stars, but the pizza was a -3
1	WOW.. The old chick they got working here is           .... You fill in the blank. I like Rosatis Pizza, but not this location.  I can't place my order anymore because I can't get past the b on the phone. I don't know if she's an owner or manger but this place needs a "Restaurant Impossible" makeover.  Your in the competitive business of pizza, and failing... DUE TO YOUR ATTITUDE.  But I guess this is a blessing,  since the pizza is soggy, ( Better ask for it well done ) pasta sits in warmer ALL day, and lasagna is microwaved... Everything is just gross. Especially the old lady that is always there.I suggest Taste of Amore on Durango , nice people, QUALITY food.
4	The food here is good.  Everyone in my family has something that they really like here.  The breadsticks are great!  We did have a problem once with a night manager being pretty nasty.  We were really offended so I contacted the owner.  The owner was great and quickly offered to buy us dinner and apologized for the way their manager behaved.  We really appreciated it.  The owner cares.  :)
5	#luxury #vegas #Italian #restaurant #love the menu! Customer service is the best! Johnny, the manager is very important to the business.  Every time he is always going above and beyond,  thank you!  Locals
5	Best service! Rosi is amazing. We visited after my sons little league game. We were tired but hungry. Food was fresh, quick, hot and the beer was reallllly cold.
4	Had dinner last night there and as always it was fantastic!   The employees were courteous and friendly, especially Rosie who was our waitress.   We love going there and the food is always the best.
5	Thanks again for your delicious meals always satisfy the best of luck the best way great customer service love Rosati
1	I called Maciano`s pizza. I was put on hold. They took my order. Pizza came, paid the guy and when i looked on the box Rosati`s name was on it. Rosati`s highjacked Maciano`s phone number. Same thing happen to my son-in-law. $34+ dollar pizza. Waste of money. Sauce on a cracker with cheese.I feel like a fool. Stay away from Rosati`s. What can you do. Really made for a bad pizza experience. My wife wanted Maciano`s. I felt bad. Maciano`s is closed.
4	Rosati's has since added a dine in section, and pizza has improved over the years.  6 years after my first review its still one of my first choices for Pizza in Vegas.
3	Was one of my all time fave pizzas, and that's coming from a New Yorker. Over the last couple of years there's been a decline in quality and consistency. Most glaring is the use of canned mushrooms and not fresh ...  That's a huge no no for pizza ... ruins the moisture balance and makes a thin crust soggy, even when well done. Breaded mushrooms are fantastic though.
1	They have really went down hill on their service. I ordered a home delivery and I was told it will be 45 mins to an hour.  Exactly one hour later they called around the time the pizza supposed to be delivered. saying they messed up on the order and it will be another 20 mins. And they will take 15% off the bill. And she will call us to make sure the order made it. The delivery guy shows up nothing was took off the bill and she didn't call so we called her back. She got an attitude when we told her we wanted our discount. She said if we didn't sign for the charge ,for the delivery guy to bring order back. So the guy took the order back and I won't be dealing with their poor customer service again
2	Meh. My family has ordered Rosati's a bajillion times, and I have never liked it. Today's visit confirmed that for me in case there was any doubt. Ordered a medium deep dish meat pizza, fingers, spicy beef sandwich, and cajun fries for pickup. $54 for all that which isn't so bad imo. But sadly the food is just not good. The pizza was dry. I was expecting a pie smothered in tomatoe sauce, but there was not much sauce at all. Fingers were nothing to write home about. Just frozen tenders of chicken. Fries were not cajun how they were ordered, and soggy. The beef sandwich is my favorite thing on the menu, and it was just ok. There are so many other pizza places in town that I probably will never from there again.
4	We love the food here and we've tried most everything.  Mostly we go in because of Rosie.  Always a big smile when she sees us every week.  She knows the wine we drink and serves it up right away and she'll make suggestions and we've never been disappointed.  Not sure what has been going on there, but the atmosphere seems a little strained lately and the kitchen has been getting slower.
2	Rosie is an excellent server! We look forward  to coming into the restaurant but for about the last 2 months the food has not been up to standards we have seen in the past. The pizza is way too saucy and has too much corn meal on the bottom. We are regular visitors to this Rosati's but our last 3 visits have not been the same as we experienced in the past. Has management changed or are there new cooks? We want rosati's to return to what real Chicago style pizza is suppose to be! I hope the kitchen can work out the flaws!!!
5	One of my two favorite pizza's in town. Cut in squares is true Chicago style and with real Chicago Italian sausage.
4	I'm not a fan of the pizza, but the Alfredo sauce is awesome! Delivery is a HUGE plus!!! Try the ribs
2	I dont mind paying for good pizza and wings. I do mind paying for average pizza and average wings. There are so many good pizza spots in vegas I'm disappointed I payed 40 dollars for a pizza and dozen wings that was average at best. Im not from chicago so maybe  I get it but the crust on the pizza not very good. To be fair the rest of the pizza is good. The wings were clearly frozen and then tossed in sauce. Nothing great, and then to cap it off, my biggest pet peeve for a pizza spot is when they water down the ranch. I know we are in a recession but quality should not be the first thing to go. I do have to give credit to the delivery guy, i love when i dont have to ask for parmesan and crushed red peppers. With the variety of choices for pizza available in summerlin I probably wont order again.
5	OMG, what can I say? Rosati's has the best pizza I've ever had. By far the best pizza in Vegas. We ordered the thin crust (ask for extra thin - like the Southside of Chicago) and we tried the deep dish. Both were very very good, but the extra thin crust was my favorite. Great service, very friendly. This should be your neighborhood pizza joint. :)
3	The food here is very good. We always enjoy ordering, delivery times are appropriate for pizza places. Though, this experience I had today not so great. Instead of doing delivery my partner and I decided to pick up. The restaurant was slow and only we were in there. The cashier was awesome, very friendly, younger guy w a little longer hair. The 3 star review comes from the 2 other guys I'm guessing they were cooks in the back, all we could hear was f this and f that. The one younger guy with brown hair did see us out there before he went to the back and started swearing with his friend. I'm not sure they realize or care they can be heard in the front. Very unprofessional. Management may want to check into this because if I had kids with me, I would be irate.
4	Pizza is good. Some of the kids there provide great service, some don't. They will learn or be fired I'm sure.
