1	Formerly Stars Comedy Club, Bentley's Bar & Grill is not to be confused with Bentley's on 27 in downtown Charlotte.Bentley's Bar & Grill is a sports bar in downtown Belmont NC with a flair for running out of burgers or just about anything else at 9pm on Saturdays.  Yes the manager comp'ed our meal.  But our waitress was completely indifferent and service overall was terrible.  It still took half an hour to get a few beers and cokes to our table.  She refilled water once every two hours and everyone in our group was eating dinner.  But I don't blame our waitress.  All of the problems that night were indicative of the management's inability to pay attention to the basic details of running a restaurant.  Don't make me beg for food and drink.  You're the ones that put the sign on the door that says "Open for business".
3	While I haven't had dinner here, I have visited on a Saturday night and had a pretty good time. Granted, I believe the crowd was small due to a private party earlier in the night, this place seems like it has potential.The place is separated into 3 different rooms. The 1st, when you walk in, is a skinny bar with some booths. The next room over has seating for dinner/groups with a 2nd bar, and the 3rd area has pool tables, darts, etc. There are ample flat screen tv's throughout so finding the game on isn't a problem. And while I didn't visit, they do have a patio area in the back that seems like could be a nice place to hang out and drink. Seems like the crowd is the younger college aged kids, and has a lot of potential to be a good hangout spot.
3	I still give this place 3 stars, but after eating lunch here & hanging out on the patio, it's more of a high 3 than a low 3. The food is actually really good, don't judge by the look and/or smell of the place when you walk in. I had a burger my 1st lunch visit, & was skeptical about paying around $8 for a burger from a bar. But wow, add me into the completely surprised category, this burger was huge & not a frozen patty. Pretty sure they make their own burgers & it shows. My 2nd lunch visit I had a Buffalo Chicken wrap & it too shocked me with how good it was. It didn't reach the burger's level, but still intrigued me to eat here more often. Finally, the best side item I've had are the fried green beans; why have I never had these before? They blew me away as well.So other than for some reason everyone staring at my friends & I when we enter, the food will shock you & you can have a pretty good time out in their patio area (even though no one seems to hang out there).  The bar area still has a distinct smell (get rid of the carpet) & the atmosphere is still a little lacking, but Bentley's is starting to grow on me for a lunch or dinner visit.
1	Greasy bar food.  Stale bitter air -- even when first opening.  Ridiculously over-worked waitstaff.  The Sports were broadcast over the PA, but only half of the TVs were showing that channel, and they almost all were obscured by some damage to the screen.  Avoid it if at all possible.
5	Great place!!  Very friendly owners and staff. Patio is a great place to hang during good weather. Food is great and the chicken nachos rock**Please note**. Any reviews before Aug 2010 refer to the place having a different name and different owners.
4	It was quite a chore for me to convince my wife to come back to this location despite my insisting that it was a new joint. The last time we were in there, it was a smokey, dingy feeling place called Bentleys. This trip was much better. The inside felt cleaner and more inviting. We opted to sit out back where there was corn hole being played and a television on the wall. It appears the sun would be on the patio earlier in the day rather than later. It was 50 cent wing day, so i got 10 hot wings with a side of the extra hot one (insane or inferno?). They were good wings, the hot was an enjoyable hot giving just a slight runny nose. The winner of the night and the sure reason we'll be back were the Friendly Fries. They were perfect little french fry circles that were actually kind of addicting. On the way home, i was already craving them, maybe just because i didn't get an order of my own.  We had great service and will be back, might even bring some friends with us.
4	This is a great place to go if you are a Football Lover!!They have every game on Sundays, and it's not over crowded.
4	We Go here often, one of the better bars around, had a steak the other night and WOW... I could not believe how good it was, other than my own haha it was the best steak I have had.patio is nice if you can find a seat
5	Great Food & Great Staff!!
3	Ok so I tried this restaurant before for lunch but was not happy with the food but I was looking for a place to rent for two events I have coming up and heard about the function room upstairs that they have so I went to look at it and while there we had lunch.  Everyone was happy with the food the owner was very friendly and the waitress was efficient and friendly.I rented the space upstairs its a great space with much to offer.
4	SCIENCE!Trivia is on Tuesdays at 8pm.  Guess the only times I've been to Friends?Tuesdays at 8pm.  George from Team Trivia hosts a well attended, difficult trivia night that awards prizes to Friends for the top 3 teams.  There is a decent selection of beer & your typical bar food plus the awesome potato smiles.  Their daily specials on beer are sweet.
4	Surprisingly great food for what has a reputation as a bar.  Someone in the kitchen knows what they are doing.
4	I have been here a few times and usually the food is great.  I would recommend the nachos, burgers or the club sandwich. I did try the philly cheese steak and it wasnt very good.They ways have different drink specials and the staff is always pleasant.
4	Walking by and noticed their specials board on the sidewalk. Went in for the $2 bottled beer and chicken club with onion rings. Nicely prepared, nice presentation and great flavors. Giant TVs for your favorite sporting event , definitely a "will return" kind of place!
1	Probably the dirtiest restaurant that is really a bar I have ever seen. It would be like opening up a restaurant in the men's bathroom of Charlotte Motor Speed way during race week. The whole place is dirty (even your feet stick to the floor) in no way would I ever eat here.
4	Tired of Interstate Driving,  stop here for a burger and milkshake. Good burgers that a priced reasonably.  Make sure to check out, what type of special burgers they are making that day.  I didn't see the chalkboard and missed out on trying some neat combos.    Also get a milkshake, they make them good here.
