4	I enjoyed their Southern music audio tour which was small, but informative, and got a kick out of their comic book exhibition which focuses on Southern Stereotypes like King of the Hill and Snuffy Smith (two of my favorite cartoon/comics to begin with).Don't spend a ton of time in the permanent exhibit all about Charlotte since it will eat up a good chunk of your time. The highlights are the parts where you can touch cotton in its various forms, listen to and watch interviews with the original demonstrators in the luncheonette counter sit-ins, and read sticky notes posted by school children addressing issues from industrialization to racial equality. Reading the sticky notes was highly (and I DO mean highly) engaging, though usually riddled with the sad state of affairs that results from a lack of grammar correction. I liked the interactive aspect of it - almost akin to allowing kids to write on the walls or tag the art. And truly the luncheonette counter footage gave me chills.
4	I came for the Day of the Dead festival this weekend, which is kind of a bust in itself; however, I enjoyed the museum. I checked out the Cotton Fields to Skyscrapers exhibit, and I thought it was really interesting. It traces the changes that have taken place in Charlotte and the towns/counties around us since the Civil War, and the whole thing was pretty wild. I am kind of a history geek, and I really like the interactive approach. The exhibit is pretty large, so you get a real feel for the eras that they're trying to recreate. The Day of the Dead exhibit was kind of lame. I got there after they'd run out of sugar skulls, and there were no fancy dancers and only a few altars. I really like that holiday, so I'd hoped for more...however, I did enjoy the free museum admission, so I guess it worked out.
4	Looking for something entertaining to do with family visiting from out-of-town, I took them to the Levine Museum of the New South.  It was my first visit, too, and I enjoyed the exhibits and seeing a cultural part of the city that I hadn't seen before. Their permanent exhibit is "Cotton Fields to Skyscrapers" about the history of North Carolina and the way its changed from its beginnings.  It was very informative and by far the best exhibit we saw that day.  I loved the lifesize stores and rooms you can walk through to really get a feel of what it was like to live in NC from the Civil War to the present.  It was also a great history lesson in civil rights and how its evolved over the past 150 years or so.  We easily spent the better part of an entire afternoon there and felt good about doing so.
3	Having walked by this museum countless number of times, we finally spent an afternoon inside. We used a coupon from the Entertainment book, so we got in for a total of $6. Well worth it. i don't recommend going if you are just in a rush to do something quick because it is definitely worthwhile and even educational to take the time to read and watch the exhibits.  "Cotton Fields to Skyscrapers" did an excellent job summarizing the transition of the area. Living in an old cotton mill right now may have made it even more interesting for me. There were a few videos or audio devices that were out of order, but for the most part everything was in good working order. General note...don't mistake the trashcan by the door as a trashcan, it is for umbrellas.
4	We picked a good day to walk around Uptown. The Levine Museum lured us in with free admission. Typically adult admission is $6.My husband and I enjoyed learning about the history of Charlotte and the diversity that makes up the area. The museum takes approximately 1.5-2 hours to thoroughly take it in. There is a lot of walking and reading and an occasional video clip. I recommend it for an afternoon outing and to learn about the history and people of Charlotte.
4	Growing up in Charlotte, I've always found it the most boring place ever. So when my dad said he wanted to go to this museum for his birthday, I felt like it was going to be the most boring way we could spend the day. A whole Museum with a focus on the history of Charlotte?! Blah. But I was really impressed! They had a lot of old timey stuff, and they did a great job showing how the area has grown. I hadn't know that much really about the history before I was born, so it was cool to see what it used to be like. Also being with my dad he was able to tell me a lot about what I saw also. It's a good idea to bring a native Charlottean if you can find one! One weird thing I thought was that they had a decent amount of KKK stuff there. That didn't surprise me, but below the pieces it said who it was on loan from. I question people who want to put their name below the KKK clothing saying it belongs to them. That just seems so odd to me.
5	Was there a time before Charlotte had banks,NFL football, Bojangles, and sprawling suburbs? YES.  Would you have known that by driving around this city? Not likely.  The Levine Museum of the New South is the antidote to an otherwise historically-deprived city.  The gorgeous facility on 6th St is worth a trip from visitors and residents alike. They have a permanent exhibit called "From Cotton Fields to Skyscrapers" and some substantial moving displays.  The permanent exhibit traces the history of Charlotte from the Civil War to the present-day.  Not a history buff?  No problem.  They have interactive displays, like a sharecropper's shack, a Belk's Dept. Store from the 1940's, and a faux church sanctuary among other stations.  You won't be bored.  This museum has really changed how I view Charlotte.  Even as a native NC who grew up thinking Charlotte was fabled cosmopolitan city, I was surprised to see how recently Charlotte had a small-town culture.  The past two to three decades of growth have left few vestiges of the old South.   The Levine Museum has a focus on social history.  Therefore, the exhibits give you a sense of culture, not mere facts and dates.  Unless you visit, you can't really wrap your head around ,the growth in the last part of the 20th and 21st century, understand what "gentrification" and development has done to the historical character of the city, and how newcomers have vastly changed the cultural landscape.  You'll understand that Charlotte is really rich in history, but that history hasn't been well-preserved.  Admission is a mere $6.  Some Sundays are free and Bank-of-America cardholders can go for free one weekend a month.  Don't miss this opportunity to glimpse the past.
3	I visited the Levine Museum this afternoon.  I really enjoyed the history of  Charlotte and the progression from the cotton industry, to the banking mecca and beyond.  I recommend visiting with older kids since there is more reading, and less interactive displays.
4	This seemingly small museum packs a lot of punch, weaving many strands of history together from post-Civil war reconstruction to modern times: cotton to textiles to other industry, racial and socioeconomic tensions.  For only six dollars, you see a very well done, multi-voiced view of the area's history.  They make an effort to include the historical voices of the area's historically disenfranchised groups - African Americans, the poor and working classes, women, even children - alongside the mainstream presentation of history.  The exhibits describe the economic progression from farming to industry to financial business and the social and political voices that lived and influenced those economic changes.  You can get a lot of information from a couple of hours spent in the permanent exhibit.  The less permanent exhibit upstairs showcases the current changing cultural landscape as more and more ethnic and religious groups move to the area.I suppose my only complaint - and it isn't even really a complaint, more of a comment - is that the whole setup is a little text heavy.  There are certainly a lot of images and a few places where you can touch artifacts, watch video or listen to audio, but as other folks have mentioned your younger kids - I'd say maybe younger than 9 or 10 - or people who just don't like reading a whole lot will take much less away from this museum.  Still, I can see why this museum is a required trip for CMS students - its an incredibly comprehensive and multifaceted overview of local history.
4	Whether you're native or a newcomer to Charlotte, I would highly recommend a trip to Levine Museum of the New South.  It focuses mainly on the post Civil War history of Charlotte all the way up until present day.  They keep the recent stuff pretty up to date too.  The permanent exhibit and main feature is called "Cottonfields to Skyscrapers."  I've been through it a few times, but they always add on some new stuff to the end of it.  There is definitely some interesting history here.  I never new that Ford made cars over on Statesville Ave for example.  You'll also learn the the reason why downtown is called uptown (hint- locals called it "uptown" as far back as the 50s - before it was a trendy term).  You'll also learn why the streets change name every 2 miles.  This is where my current profile picture was taken.The second floor features temporary exhibits, and right now they have brought back "Courage: The Carolinas Story That Changed America."  The first lawsuit filed for degregation was filed in Clarendon County, SC.  This and four subsequent cases led up to "Brown vs Board of Education."  The museum isn't huge, but it's not tiny either.  I'd say it takes about 2.5 to 3 hours to get through it if you've never been.  Some kids may be bored as it's not too interactive.  If you haven't been here, go.  It''s only $6 for adults.
4	It's a cute little museum of local history.  They have the permanent exhibit in the lower level, combination of short film, video, interactive exhibits etc.  They have their feature/special exhibit upstairs, currently showing Courage, the history of school desegregation in the South.I personally love museums.  Something about walking around in a dark space with things on the wall... frankly to me it can be a very romantic environment :)  This one currently is offering free admission on Sundays (donation welcome of course), open from noon to 5pm.  I think it's a great place for older children and adults to learn about Charlotte and its history.  Maybe a little much for the younger kids.  Great (and cheap) way to kill an hour or two (or even more if you really want to take your time) on a lazy Sunday afternoon.
5	I only had a day to spend in Charlotte, and I thought this museum gave me a great sense of the city's history. The museum focuses on different transformations that the city has gone through to reinvent itself (from slavery-based cotton plantations to textiles, and from textiles to finance).The museum is very well put together, and the initial video introduction does a great job of establishing context for the rest of their exhibits. There was also a temporary exhibit about the desegregation of schools, but I didn't have the chance to check it out.Charlotte has quite a few other museums in the downtown area (a couple art museums and Nascar HOF), but if you're goal is to understand the very city and state that you're visiting, then I highly recommend the Levine Museum of the New South.Side-note: It's nice to find a Jewish-named museum that's not necessarily Jewish-themed.
4	This is a Beautiful MuseumThe space is used well!  Like a Maze, though an easy maze as you wind through the exhibits.  The Cotton Gin was my favorite part of the museum. The Barbers chairs are cool too!  There is a Small theater also, which plays an introduction to the exhibit.
5	Great way to spend to spend a full day in this museum and still not absorb it all
5	I have friends who live in Waxhaw, NC. I was looking for a destination in Charlotte for a day trip into the city, and my friend suggested the Levine Museum. I was blown away. I knew almost nothing about the history of Charlotte, and my only knowledge of the South was what I learned in school. This is a beautiful museum with great exhibits. When I was there, they had a special exhibit detailing the plight of Charlotte's Jewish population that had survived the Holocaust. Talk about a tough topic. Everything was done to well and the details were amazing.I highly recommend this museum, especially if you don't know a lot about the post-Civil War South.
4	Interesting to learn more about Charlotte and the South!
5	I must preface this review with the fact that I am a high school social studies teacher in Pennsylvania and I teach much of the information covered in the Levine Museum's main collection on a yearly basis. As a result, I found the information completely interesting and engaging. First, the main collection covers the history of Charlotte and the Southern United States from the reconstruction period following the Civil War to today. The entire exhibit is very interactive and built around various scenes that make the visitors feel like they are actually in each successive era. The historical content featured in this exhibit is informative in a manner that ensures that the info being covered provides individuals with enough information to gain a working perspective of the issues that truly mattered during these eras. In addition to the traditional museum content there are a large amount of audio, video, and additional interactive information that the guests can control that their own leisure. As an outsider, this museum allowed me to gain a more complete picture of life in the South and how the city of Charlotte has transformed itself into an economic and banking hub during the last 130 years. For me, this should be a stop for most people visiting and or living in the area since it really provides a unique outlook at the history of the South while providing some basic information in an enjoyable manner that would allow individuals to be more understanding of the world around them.
5	This is my favorite museum in Charlotte.  I love the permanent exhibit that details Charlotte's history.  I have been here three times, and will go back again!
5	Oh Charlotte. You look like you have no history from the outside of your buildings.But this museum changes EVERYTHING.Very heavy on the Civil War and Segregation, but that is extremely important to the history of Charlotte and the south. It was presented very tastefully from both sides.I thought it was cool the information they had about NASCAR, Belk, etc.If you have time to kill and looking for something to do... This is a must see.
5	We had a great time. Interesting, hands-on displays, interesting and not too 'bookish'.  Loved the ability to go at our own pace, play and take pictures.  Would highly recommend & will return again.
5	Fantastically informative. Admission costs next to nothing and it is totally a worthwhile afternoon experience. I have lived in the South for over 20 years and have not learned as much about it in those years as I did in the afternoon I spent at this museum.
5	Very objective and incredibly well written. Deceptively large and packed with with information.Prepare to take at least an hour and be ready for a history that pulls no punches. The truth hurts and so everything from slavery and the life of the poor farmer to the whole lynching dedicated exhibit is incredibly intense and gripping.A great inspiration.
5	A wealth of information and very courteous staff. A must see!
5	LEVINE MUSEUM OF THE NEW SOUTHWhen you're in Charlotte, North Carolina, make sure you stop by the Levine Museum of the New South. It's a great spot to learn more about the city and state... and how it went from a rural farming state supporting slavery to become the 2nd largest banking business in the country. There is an excellent video that they show that details the days of slavery and then Reconstruction to the modern day banking industry. The museum also showcases racism in the 1960s, but shows now that the state is very multi-cultural. It's a wonderful museum that shows a lot and tells a wonderful story about the history of North Carolina: past, present, and future. Stop by to learn more!
5	Cool, interactive museum. Stopped here on a whim and glad I did.
4	Excellent look at the history of NC and the South.   No sugarcoating of the bad but also justifiable pride in the good.  Four stars only because it's small -- but the museum has room to grow, and anyone who grew up and/or lives in the South can tell you there's plenty more of the story to cover.
4	Interesting museum in uptown. From California so it is always interesting to learn about the history of the south. Great family location for an outing to make the day also educational. Brought my daughter who enjoyed the interaction displays that made the experience more fun.
4	Great introduction to Charlotte for people new to the area and interested in having an overview of Charlotte's history.  About an hour or so of exhibits. It was free the day we went, although there is normally an admission fee.
5	I first visited this museum several weeks ago. I took in the permanent exhibit on the history of Charlotte. It is a fantastic hands-on exhibit. My kids and I truly enjoyed not only being able to read and look at historical artifacts, but also being able to touch & feel items just enhanced our experience and the knowledge that we were gaining.  Today, I took advantage of the museum's free admission, opting to start with the upstairs exhibits. Let me just say that I was moved to tears by several pieces, the artwork displayed evokes so much emotion (see the African Klan and the photography of the statues facing off).I would definitely suggest a visit to The Levine Museum of the New South to visitors and locals alike.
3	Before my business trip to Charlotte, I scoped out a few places to try if/when I had some free time. When we wrapped up working for the day because everyone had to get ready to fly out, I was blessed with a few extra hours to do things on my own. The Levine Museum was a couple of blocks from where I was staying and I had heard about one of the exhibits (Cotton Fields to Skyscrapers) and really wanted to 'learn' about this place I call home, the South. It was very interesting to watch Charlotte grow & develop before my eyes. From cotton fields & farms to bustling center of banking & commerce. It's not the MOMA or The Met, but for what it is, it's a very nice way to learn a little more about a city that I maybe didn't realize before.
4	We just happened to be at 7th Street Market on a Sunday when the museum had free admission.  Awesome!  I have no idea how much the normal admission fare is, but as a free exhibit, it was great.  We enjoyed reading about the history of charlotte - from cotton and tobacco fields to textile manufacturing to a city of banking and other large companies.  Definitely a worthwhile hour spent to learn some interesting things about Charlotte.
5	At first, I was surprised at the size of this museum: pretty small actually. But what it lacks in size, it more than makes up in depth, awe, and content. This is possibly one of the most beautifully made museums i have seen in a long time, and everything is so well laid out that you get to see how Charlotte and the South have evolved over the years. This museum is also great because it got me to see how much the city of Charlotte has had a profound impact on American history in its own ways. For example, I discovered that Charlotte was the first city in the US to elect an African American mayor.In short: this museum is absolutely wonderful. Go check it out.
3	We visited the museum this afternoon and I feel bad giving just three stars, since I tremendously admire the museum's founder (I'd read about him long ago) and the exhibits are certainly informative - but the museum is small and the displays are therefore very limited.  From what I'd read about the museum, I'd expected much more.The woman at the reception desk was very friendly - and be sure to get your parking ticket validated (for two hours) if you park in the garage by the 7th Street Public Market.
5	A fabulous museum, just bring a sweater. This museum is a great way to learn about Charlotte and the South in an interactive experience. They have everything and it's incredibly deep and accessible. I bring most of out of town visitors here and learn something new each time. Don't expect to spend the entire day here, an hour or so will do. Also, they crank the A/C, so definitely bring a sweater.
5	I don't know that I've ever been so impressed with the layout and thoroughness of a museum. I usually get dragged to them because my mom is such a fan and has to hit at least one in every town we visit, but I have to say I'm glad we visited this one. I learned a lot and got a whole new perspective on the area. Definitely recommend if you're a museum lover!
4	I enjoyed myself here, but wasn't really impressed. The museum was just as racially biased as the bigot, city of Charlotte, mentality is. The museum had some interesting facts and interesting exhibits though. My children seemed to enjoy it. It didn't hurt that it was free and parking was validated. That is also the case every Sunday. They close at 5 on Sunday, so get there before 4. The exhibit is an hour long.
5	Nice journey of the KKK community and selma protest. The cotton gin machine is also overwhelming. History always remind us how we become like this, how hard life the past was.
