4	The name's a little misleading:  If you go there long enough, yes everyone will know your name.  And it is definitely a bar.  But try as I might, I can't really figure out why Cheers insists on keeping 'grill' in its name, unless it's referencing the now defunct window that used to serve up Mexican fare from the Roberto's next door.  (The new smoking laws have now rendered it necessary to actually leave the bar and walk next door.  Pain in the butt.)Regardless, Cheers is a good, low key place to catch up with some friends, have some big, cheap beers, and shoot a few racks of pool on one of the 5 or so fairly well maintained tables that are available.  The crowd is pretty evenly split between twenty-and-thirty-somethings and older, video poker playing denizens.  The TVs behind the bar show a satisfying mixture of sports, reality TV, and random movies.  The ambiance is lacking, so bring your own with you in the form of a few good stories and a few raucous laughs.  Don't miss the Pin the Penis on Steve-O game or the Galaga arcade game in the corner near the entrance.
5	Cheers is a legendary dive bar located on Maryland Pkwy, where a few years ago a crazy person threw battery acid into the face of a bartender! If you wanna mix it up with crazies, college kids, rock n rollers, hipsters and IRA members in hiding hit this place up!
4	oK. Sooo.I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. My bf.... a 49ers fan. YUP.. love is blind. So this past sunday our games were showing @ the same time = we had to go someplace to watch our games together. Some people can't beleive I could even walk next to much less be WITH a 49er fan and vice versa.  We take a lot of flack about it but that's ok, everyone has a fan. We orig. went to a "Cowboys" bar b/c I won the coin toss. Yes most of my important decisions are decided the good old fashioned way, the quarter. If its good enough for the NFL, its good enough for me. The bar we went to was listed as a Cowboys bar. UM NO. It was Rascals on Swenson/Maryland pkwy area. Can we say scary neighborhood. OMG. I was worried I wouldnt make to my car on time, but that's another review.This place was our 2nd choice and I was very surprised by it. I pictured it much fancier but I was glad it wasnt. I dont like fancy fancy. I'm here to watch football not much else! The bartender, Mary Ann was so sweet! I loved her. She TOO was a 49er fan so she and my bf made friends quickly. She had several games on different TVsbut the volume was only on for the 49er/chiefs game which was a blowout and very hard to console my bf. I cheer for his team unless they are playing me, then we all bets are off! but I refuse to wear 49er gear. I draw the line there!Now MaryAnn, was so sweet she turned up my game so that I TOO could have volume. That is my biggest thing when selecting a bar. If you've ever read any other of my reviews you know I HATE when bars show sports games and then play music. really? Well not this place. I would def. go back!PRICES: $3 FOR 22 OZ draft beers - budweiser and bud light.CANT BEAT IT! And.. when I asked her what she had on special she said that they have 24 hr happy hour. Well cant' beat that either.POOL TABLE COUNT: 3This place is near UNLV and maryland pkwy/Harmon area. kinda hidden and I wouldnt have seen this place if I wasnt looking for it. But now I know its here.. I might just have to add this to my rotation!
3	Pretty standard dive bar - pool, tvs, random crowd or lack of crowd. It's smoky as hell in there, so if you're a non-smoker like me, you probably won't be able to last longer than 2 drinks. Plus, I don't think you'll ever win on the video poker machines. On the high side, prices are pretty good, and the bartender is friendly. Makes a nice place to stop if you're doing anything at UNLV, but other than that, I wouldn't go out of my way to visit Cheers.
5	Awesomeness!!! Get buzzin like a bee hive then attend class, return to Cheers with classmates and get bent like knees.
5	A typical college bar that could be located just off any college campus in america.  Drinks were reasonably priced . . . with a good selection of midwestern beers . . . what memories.The bartender "Mikal" was the Bomb . . . she had more blond jokes than anyone I know . . . most of which I have never heard . . . she even laughed at my lame jokes.A definate spot to stop if one either a dive bar tour or looking for a college bar to hang-out at.
4	The place definitely has an atmosphere. The bartenders are great, live music on a Saturday was plain awesome. When you pair this with ridiculously low prices that`s a pretty good recipe for success. Maybe that`s why the damn place was packed...
5	I'm in my 50's and found Cheers to be a very comfortable place to hang out. Not your typical "dive" bar, however the people there are fun to be around. I'd say the average age of the people are 40ish + and a good crowd. There's even  4 pool tables and live music. The bartenders are a delight and make being there alot of fun. Oh did I mention that, Cheers Bar & grill was voted the "Best Dive Bar" in the RJ?. Come and see for yourself, I'm pretty sure you'll be back.
4	This bar is always a great time, the music, the people but mostly because of Tori Fields. One of the coolest bartenders in Vegas and she makes every stop in worth coming back
5	Having lived in the area most of my life I had passed by Cheers many times thinking it was just a little smoky hole in the wall not worth checking out. That was up until about 2 weeks ago when my friends and I went to a nearby bar that we usually frequent, only to find out it was full of douche bags that night. After deciding we didn't want to deal with that all night, one friend suggested Cheers as it was so close by. We all thought, "Eh, why not give it a try?" I am so glad we did. The bartender was super friendly and we never had to ask him for another drink as he was super attentive and made sure we had what we needed the whole time. He even suggested a drink to my friend when she ordered an apple beer. He said to drop a shot of fireball whiskey in it, and it was actually pretty enjoyable. They have a good selection on the jukebox, plenty of tvs and they even have a punching bag game. I love this place.
4	A solid dive bar. Cheap drinks, close proximity to greasy food, and bartenders with a heavy pour.
5	This has been my neighborhood bar for about a decade.  Good pool tables, reasonable drink prices (cheap Guinness during Happy Hour).  Good staff and a very mixed crowd.
5	I was born in Vegas and I love this place!!One of the few places in town I can get a Guiness on tap!!! Also the bartenders friendly and accomidating. A must stop if your in the area!!!
5	Great bar! The bartenders are awesome! Tori is one of the best. Never have to wait for a drink. Prices are reasonable. You can always make a friend at Cheers.
5	Definitely a mixed bag of people in this place, but they're fun.We actually ended up here one night on a half-joking recommendation by a bartender at Freakin Frog, and I'm somewhat pissed we didn't come here earlier because it wasn't until 2 or 3 by the time we got there.I had some trepidation because of the characters milling around outside when we walked up.  After going in, I got that "WTF am I doing here?" feeling when I saw the crowd and when they saw us.  However, that all ended when a friendly bartender ran up and asked us what we wanted.  We got a couple cheap pitchers of something.  I honestly don't remember what they were.Anyway, I ended up shooting the longest game of 8 ball ever with a random cool guy named Grimace.  Also, a couple of flea bags who know their way around a meth pipe seemed to be passing a relatively cute redhead back and forth nearby.  (She may have been trying to get away.  I could barely take care of myself or hit a straight on shot...)  Her drunk (maybe high) ass fell into me, and I have to say, she smelled surprisingly good and actually apologized.Actually, I would go to Cheers just for the fact it's like next door to Roberto's Tacos.
2	Spent 300$ on double bucks for this who like to gamble. Not one bonus. Not good gaming
5	Best dive bar in Vegas!  Found out about this place on Yelp a few months ago. Best idea if you are sick of being taken advantage by the local casinos and bars on the strip. It's well worth a little drive out of the way to experience great drinks,  great vibe, and great prices. This will be a regular stop each time we're in this neck of the woods. Nice place to get your drink on anytime of day or night. Highly recommended!
5	Tori is amazing, great service, best bartender we met in vegas! If you are looking for a bar's bar, you have to check it out!
5	Very chill environment, friendly bartenders, decent selection of drafts. They've got pool tables, a piano in the corner that they don't care if you bang on, you can bring in Roberto's from next door if you get hungry...perfect place to unwind after a long day!
5	Love this place! Awesome place to grab a drink after class. Tori the bartender is the best! Come here for some cheap beer and good times!
5	Tori is simply the most fun bartender in my experience. She's quick with a joke and a drink, and really knows how to entertain her customers.
4	another semi-dive bar. Friendly bartender and a most definite locals hangout. Free pool on sundays and plenty of tv's for football. Will be back next trip.
4	Small bar, seems like  a lot of locals hit up this place. I had a date with this guy & meet him here. He frequents this bar a lot & loves it. Female bartender was very nice & attentive. They have a juke box that is poplar & played a lot. Couple pool tables, dart board & golf video game. Drinks are super cheap!!! 3-4 large draft beers & 2 Ketel & diet cokes came to $20. Located near UNLV but it wasn't a young college crowd. Wasn't too busy for a Saturday night. They also have video poker machines, I didn't play though so not sure how the winnings are on them. Place allows smoking but I didn't find it very smokey inside.
5	Stopped by after class and absolutely enjoyed myself! Fun, down to earth dive bar! The atmosphere is amazing with their sexy lighting. Good music and great vibes. The bartender greeted us with welcoming gestures. Tori accommodated us with delicious drinks! She was awesome!!! Social and fun! I will recommend Cheers bar and grill to anyone! Yay
5	That is it mang, seven j, this shirt is 5 stars, nothing compare to LA m9-1. Will forever visit this place on every Vegas trrip!!!!!, recommend Adam afamadam mang!!!
5	ever had a 7 J's? go here and get one. you can thank/hate me later.
3	This truly is the place where everybody knows your name. It's a dive bar, no doubt, but the experience is fun and the drinks are cheap. The bartenders are friendly and talkative. There's pool, music and occasional parties.As with all dive bars, expect some seedy creatures, funky smells and a dark decor. It adds to the experience.
5	There are two main reasons to make your way to Bar & Grill: being a soccer fan, or enjoying a darn good meal.
