2	This location has three thing going against it.  No drive-thru...no they didn't!  Limited parking...expect a trek or circle the few spots until one becomes available!  Lastly, regardless of the time of day or night this location is always busy due to their small sitting area...not having the drive-thru does not help this.  This trifecta makes this location desirable only to folks who are hardcore!  No person in their right mind would come here if you didn't have to.  I do not drink coffee but will only come here to bring my wife or daughter for their fix.  I go as far as possible to avoid this location for buying gift cards or can go to my local Fry's too.  This entire strip mall is normally very congested so bring your patience!
5	Nice location, friendly staff, and great coffee.
5	Barista was really friendly! Chatted with me and even fave me a pumpkin spice latte a day early. Nice clean lobby, and really tasty drink! I'll be back. :)
5	I've been coming to this location for over 10 years. This shop is the standard against which all others are measured. The staff is great and often has my beverage and pastry waiting for me when I walk in.  Visiting this Starbucks is like visiting friends or family. Kudos to all associated with this store.
4	Weirdly there were  a few small Starbuckses with drive through in  the State of AZ.I was looking for a nice sit down & relaxing S, actually in any cities in the world.Luckily this Starbucks was  one of few doing all that in Arizona.As a collector of You Are Here Collection mugs, I tried many Starbucks in AZ, just to get them. Couldn't find those mugs in many Arizona Starbucks!In this particular S, they only had 2 Arizona mugs.The guy was keep saying, delivery day is today.I end up getting 2 Arizona mugs and 3 Phoenix ones.As a member of a serious collector family,  I have to decide who's getting the mugs and who's not..By the way, Arizona & Phoenix mugs are the only collectors mug in Az.Don't get upset, there are no Starbucks in Vermont, CT doesn't have Y A H mugs, or no Massachusetts mug exists, only Boston has one, etc, etc...
4	Friendly staff, quick service, and clean place.  Only con the parking is crazy.  They have many of businesses there so it can get busy.
