3	Well, the one good thing about Starbucks is you can get soy milk in your coffee all across the USA (and, they actually pay their employees quite well for food services, and give medical benefits).This Starbucks deserves a shout out since it is right next to Brueggers Bagels, which has free wifi. You can sit at this Starbucks and use the Brueggers FREE wifi rather than paying for T-Mobile through Starbucks. Be sure you buy a bagel or other goodie next door as well (although Brueggers closes around 4:00 in the afternoon.
3	Starbucks is basically the same everywhere, but there are variations in hours, staff, size, comfort, and products.  This is a nice, big one that is open until a reasonable hour (especially compared to all the places nearby), has a super friendly staff, and outside seating that's not too noisy.  The selection of savory meal-type food leaves a lot to be desired, but the large number of tables, plugs, and free wifi makes this a great study/work spot.
3	OK, it's close to UNCC and it has outdoor seating.  Beyond that, this Starbucks ain't nothin' special!  The biggest negative is the lack of seating.  There might be 5 of those super small round tables with 2 chairs and one small section of the soft cushion over-sized chairs.  The staff is friendly but beware that the line can get very long very quick.  The worst that I've experienced is around 7:30 AM on a weekday.  I'm thinking many students and professors who have those 8AM classes just have to soak up the caffeine!I really don't visit here unless I have a meeting and even then I try to relocate to the local panera that also has free Wi-Fi or a similar venue.  It just cramps my style.
4	The location is right on... across the street from UNCC and next store to Brueggers, I have spent many of nights cramming for a test or getting my caffeine fix before work. Since this Starbucks is very small and always busy you have to keep you eye on a table and pounce when one comes available. The baristas are my favorite in Charlotte, they have pretty much memorized my order. They're speedy and always friendly. Good thing Starbucks is building a larger location in the same shopping center.
4	The location is great.  Its right beside a Chipolte restaurant.  This particular Starbucks is a lot bigger then the surrounding Starbucks.  The wait line is usually a little alley but this place has a open floor plan.  There is 8 round tables with 3 of them being high tables.  3 over sized couches.  1 long table with   6 chairs and on table power plugs.  The only negative really is that its university area so it is busy busy busy in the early AM.
5	I just love this new Starbucks location. This is one of the few, maybe the only 1 in the North / University area that have a drive thru. Super convenient for me when I don't want to take my sleeping 2 month old out of the car. Service is always fast and they get heavy traffic because of location (across the street of UNCC), so that's commendable. Always my first choice when I want a coffee fix.
5	Great coffee and always great service. Drive thru is always fast. Very courteous and welcoming. They also offer wifi with power outlet tables. Never an issue for using your mobile device.
4	The new drive thru looks great. I didn't drive thru because I was meeting someone inside, but the line was wrapped around the building and when I went in for my coffee, it looked like they were steadily getting people through the line fairly quickly. The new cafe is spacious and comfy and most of the baristas were very friendly. My only complaint is that the barista at the register who took my order was very grumpy and not friendly at all. The guy who made my drink made up for it, though. He was very friendly. Whenever I make it back to UNCC area, I will be stopping by and using the drive thru!
4	Speedy drive through when we popped in for a quick hot chocolate. My wife pronounced it one of the best hot chocolates that she has ever had.
2	The only reason I gave this Starbucks 2 stars as opposed to 1 is because they have a drivethru.I liked this Starbucks before they moved to the new location.  The old location would usually be moderately busy. But not like it is now.  Every time I visit this Starbucks, it is completely slammed.  Being busy isn't the problem, it's the size of the interior.  This Starbucks has people squished in like sardines....they have huge tables that almost always have one person sitting at them with their laptop and schoolbooks spread out.  I can never find a seat and no one EVER LEAVES.  I think they need to have a time limit for people who sit there all day.The employees all look stressed, I assume because this is the busiest Starbucks in Charlotte.  They are usually friendly though.  I would avoid this Starbucks and hit the one on Mallard Creek or Davis Creek roads.
4	Busy drive thru
3	I love Starbucks, and this is a great Starbucks because of the location and friendly staff, and there's a drive through now which is awesome. I never actually go inside because it's so busy all the time and the parking is always full. But it seems like every 1 out of 3 times my drink is either incorrect or poorly made. And when you're going through the drive through you're not exactly going to go back to get it fixed. Very frustrating. I love the iced green tea latte but they never make it the proper way and all the matcha powder gets stuck on the bottom or very clumpy. I understand they are so busy all the time, but I am paying for a quality beverage and deserve to get it.
1	Ridiculous. Had to wait 15 minutes for a latte with 8 people working there. Avoid at all costs.
5	Used the drive through....service was fast and order was not messed up.  Price wasn't too bad, I would go here again
1	Rude customer service and they denied me something every other Starbucks has always offered no problem.
4	This is actually the busiest Charlotte Starbucks by sales (fact) and they do well managing the place considering how busy it usually is. Drinks are always prepared expeditiously and for the most part, all the folks who work there are pretty friendly all the time. The only gripe I have is that drinks can vary based on the barista you get. Basically, some drinks come out better or worse depending who makes it and there should be more consistency in my opinion.
