2	This is an OK coffee shop if you happen to be at the Orleans.  It is the only place in e casino with free wifi.  I would give it another star if it was not in the Orleans.My cafe mocha tasted like hot chocolate one day, hopefully an exception and not the norm.
4	My girls and I came here for coffee a ton this past trip to the the Orleans (for Viva Las Vegas!). It was the only place in the hotel to get a good stong coffee. they serve Starbucks coffee and have good Iced options. The ladies here are really nice as well. My go to place for some good quick coffee at Viva!
3	Small selection but good drinks. Taste just like Starbucks
5	We visited while we were checking out on Tuesday morning.  No line, fast service, great coffee (starbux) and friendly service.  Small coffee was $2.00 and a small ice coffee $2.40... not bad... also they have FREE WIFI!!!
3	this was okay, just your standard run-of-the-mill coffee house. their venti cappuccino is just Starbucks, pretty much. Its good if you're in a bind and need to get a quick fix of caffeine. You get 10 percent off if you are a guest of the hotel.
1	Fuddruckers in the casino has better coffee. This place is Starbucks everything, but not called Starbucks possibly because the people don't care, the muffins are stale and the coffee is burnt.
3	Java Vegas is the Orlean's Coffee shop (not to be confused with the cafe) that replaced Seattle's Best and Kate's Corner. It is the place to go to for a quick cup of coffee in the Orlean's.  At first I was disappointed to see this Seattle's Best fold. I actually appreciate their coffee more than Starbuck's. But things happen. When I saw the Java Vegas sign at the Orlean's sister property: the Sun Coast, I was kind of concerned that I was in for inferior coffee. When I reached the counter, I saw the familiar Green Mermaid. In other words, Java Vegas is a glorified Starbuck's with a Java Vegas banner.   During my staycation at the Orlean's, I visited Java Vegas twice. With a location near the hotel registration lobby and surrounded by slot machines, people flock to Java Vegas. The first time there was a long line and the second time their was a wait for an available table. Java Vegas is well managed and the lines moved fast. The busy employees were friendly.   Although the tables fill up at Java Vegas, it is a decent size room that overlooks the casino. It is a room of tables and plush chairs that incorporates the space of the former Kate's Corner.  Java Vegas is more than coffee. They sell the traditional coffee cakes and bagels sold at Starbuck's.  Just like Starbuck's, their bagel needs some work. But, Java Vegas has started selling Krispy Kreme doughnuts. And a delicious Krispy Kreme doughnut was a delicious compliment to yesterday's Cafe Americana.  Being a Las Vegas local, I could see Yelp check-ins at Java Vegas if I am in the Orlean's and need a caffeine boost. Its really a Starbuck's with decent prices and Krispy Kreme doughnuts.
3	This is like a discount Starbucks with fresh doughnuts. They also serve the standard sandwiches for lunch and breakfast; along with a few muffins and pastries. It's located right inside the front of The Orleans Casino. The lady working there was super friendly and very quick with our order. I had a Venti iced coffee my friend  had a regular coffee. Both were fresh and tasty. As for food, I got a turkey club and he got a ham and cheese on a croissant.  We also grabbed a few doughnuts.  Everything was fresh and reasonable priced.Overall if you are in the Orleans or are nearby  it's a decent place to pop in and get what you need quickly.
