2	Arahova used to be a solid souvlaki joint but once they decided to expand aggressively and become Montreal's premiere Greek resto-franchise, they've gone down in quality almost as quickly as their prices have gone up. This one is the original so it looks less like a fast food place than their other locations (and I think the food is better too) but for the same price you can eat at a real restaurant.
5	The one and only. After many years of eating around the menu, I now pretty much get the same thing every time: old-fashioned gyro burger, no onions, and fries. I hadn't been to Arahova in at least a year, but it was exactly as I remembered.I'm not sure what other reviewers could possibly complain about. The menu is varied, the food is great, the service is good in English and French, the prices are reasonable, and the fries are excellent. If I lived in the neighbourhood (or indeed, in this city) I would eat here all the time.
4	This is probably one of the oldest Greek restaurants in the city, and I've been a fan since I was a kid. I always get a chicken souvlaki pita and the rice pudding. They have the best tzatziki, it's so thick, creamy, and of course, garlicky. But to be honest here, my favorite item is their rice pudding - what makes it so darn good? I have no idea, but it reminds me of my childhood and is incredibly comforting. I get my food to go, and pick up a few bagels while I'm in the area.
2	Dreadful quality. Tried a gyro (lamb) at the St-Viateur location and was terribly disappointed. It seems these people have no interest in quality anymore as they are riding on the coat tails of their established name. The meat was fatty, chewy and overall unpleasant. I had an Elatos Gyro the same day to compare and it was remarkably better and cheaper. Time for places like this to step up or just close down. Montreal needs to weed out all the mediocre and overrated restaurants. We need quality not quantity.
3	Not bad. Not the greatest.
4	I broke my souvlaki cherry at this restaurant decades ago and still go at least 2x per month. Back in the day I used to get doner plates with extra tzatziki and it was pure ecstasy. As time passed I moved on to chicken souvlakis - Fan-friggen-tastic!Now that I'm a veggie boy, I eat the veggie souvs here and I must admit, Best in the city. Marathon Souvlaki (Chomedey, Laval) comes in second but Arahova wins best veggie souvlaki in Montreal. If you disagree, please message me and we can schedule a duel (at dusk) somewhere.The Tzatziki is killer good and can sit down at any tzatziki poker table on planet earth and play all-in-tzatziki holdem. Unless you are some freak that is allergic to garlic, or your tastebuds were annihilated in some tragic nuclear accident, the tzatziki will rock your world and leave you with spasms of joy.Why does it get 4 stars? Industrial noise. Their machines (bread toasting, cake turning, refrigeration) make way too much noise. Sometimes they squeak so loud, you could murder someone. I'm a regular - or at least I was a regular sit down eater. I was so regular, they knew my name and my order by heart - I was 'Norm' for goodness sake. As a regular you want to complain gently if something isn't right which I did too many times and nothing was done about it....so they lose money on my orders. (I always had a pint of beer, sometimes an appetizer)So I do go there regularly but only for takeout. Mmmm Tzatziki.
4	Typical fast food Greek restaurant. Chicken pita is all too delicious! Especially at 4am. Fries are way too dry so I never order em. However,the chicken poutine is very good! Reasonable price for above average fast food.
2	This was always my favorite Souvlaki place in the city. It was just ok today.  Pita was only sorta fresh and not warm as was typical.  The service was awful.  Waiting and waiting for our cutlery until my wife got up and grabbed some.  Waiting and waiting for our menus then waiting after being served to order another drink.  We were so frustrated that we walked up to the cash, paid and left.
3	Went out for super with my family to Arahova Saturday evening and ordered chicken souvlaki which always has been delicious and also calamaris also good until a long thread of hair was stuck in the dough disgusting and surprisingly they also charged us I was in shock.
5	Unclear why this "souvlaki" place doesn't sell iPod. Also can you order pizza from both sides of the joint? Fivestars
