5	I happened upon this place after seeing their ad in the San Tan News - they were running a special and I thought, hey why not?  I'm in my 40s and had never taken martial arts until now.  Was I surprised how much I liked it!  A lot of credit has to be given to the teachers, Master and Mrs. Shin who are both EXCELLENT!  They're great with the kids too.  The first 10 minutes or so is for stretching, the majority of time is spent on conditioning which you do as a group, with the last 10 minutes or so spent in your belt group learning your curriculum.  With euphemisms for exercises such as happy chair, mountain climber and motorcycle, they make it fun while your panting for air and wiping the sweat from your brow!There is nice comraderie with the other students, who come in all different shapes, sizes, and ages.  My children are still young and are also able to come and hang out while I practice.  It's a great work out, with classes small enough that you're getting individualized attention.  If you're a goal oriented type person, it's time to check out martial arts - beats aerobics classes at the neighborhood gym any day!
5	Amazing studio and even more amazing instructors.   The instructors are knowledgeable, safety conscious, and so good with the children!!!  The studio is super clean and well maintained.   I cannot recommend Master Shins more....AAAAAA+
5	Awesome place. Was not familiar with Tae Kwon Do before this, but the experience for my 5 year old has been phenomenal. He is having fun/getting stronger while learning discipline and respect. He is even learning Korean! Master and Mrs. Shin care deeply about their kids (students). They know their kids and want to know how things are going outside their classroom. My son loves going to class and it has instilled focus and confidence. I highly recommend Master Shin's TKD!
5	Great school.  Master and Mrs. Shin care about their students and run the school like we are all family.  Very safe and clean.  Top notch in every regard
