1	I would not recommend doing business with Brandon at the Gilbert Alpha Graphics location.  He is calling on customers of a former Alpha Graphics franchisee in Chandler and saying they have gone out of business and soliciting their customers.  The interesting fact is that the former franchisee is still in business; but has just changed their name and has become an independent print shop.  It's one thing to compete; it's another thing to lie about your competition.The Chandler operation is now known as Page-Per-Page and I have been doing business with the Hoffman family for well over two years.  They are a family owned and operated business.  Check them out and I guarantee they will meet or exceed your expectations!Joe PerezTPI, Inc.
5	I've been doing business with Brandon's team for a few years now and have had several great experiences with his shop.  Ordering ahead of time is a breeze and the finished product is outstanding.  Also - if you find yourself in a pinch and need some printed materials fast - they're good for that too.  One last thing - if you're a business owner that doesn't speak "printing" (i.e. bleeds, one-up, and a host of other industry specific terms) they can explain everything in a way that makes you understand what your finished products will look like and what the art, photo & file requirements are.
5	We use to come here for mainly bindery service (cuts, scoring) and also a few quick print jobs. I mainly worked with Dana, and she is a joy to work with! They were fast, reliable and always friendly. They knew me by name and how high my standards were. They always met them! The only reason I don't visit them anymore is because I moved to the other side of town. I HIGHLY recommend Dana and the staff here.
1	I took two old photos to have copies made.  One would think photos would be put on photo paper, not something that would be considered flimsy typing paper. Since we are visiting here, I didn't have the time to go back and have this done correctly. Don't bother to go there to have photos copied, since the person I talked to on the phone couldn't grasp the meaning of photo paper.
