5	Johnny has an amazing smile and his space is very welcoming. He has all these modern touches such as TVs to watch shows or movies, an ipad to show you new hair cuts and color and he is amazing at doing hair.
5	Johnny is meticulous about his work.  I have been searching for someone who can cut long layers in my thick coarse Asian hair.  Johnny took about 2 hours to cut my hair.  First was cut while the hair was wet, then he blew dry and flat ironed it so he can see exactly where he needed to place extra textures.  Once my hair was dry and flat ironed, he made final finishing cuts and touches.  He loves what he does and it shows!  His prices are also very reasonable!
1	I was looking for a good stylist, and after reading all the good reviews about Johnny G. and his claims how he cuts hair accordingly to the face shape, about his B.H. training, etc, etc. I made an appointment with him.But, to say the least,  I have never met anybody so inept at hair cutting in my life. I have a thick hair and wanted a precision cut. He said he does Beverly Hills cuts, which shall be superior to any other cuts.The result? He used a lot of styling products, right after he washed my hair, and  made it limp, and it was hard to tell what was cut and what was not.I left the salon with a feeling that I got a decent haircut. Not anything extraordinary, but OK. The horror story started after a couple days when I washed my hair and discovered that he chopped the top off, making the difference between the chin length of my hair and what he cut off about 5-6 inches. No layers in between! He chopped a little bit of the right side, but left the left side almost untouched. I am unable to style it at all, and have to find somebody else to fix it.The price was steep, and he sold me a hair spray for another steep price.Even though he told me to come back for any adjustments I might need (!), I did not go back, as I was totally afraid to have him touch my hair again.My experience? A total rip-off.My advise to Johnny is to LEARN a basic hair cutting, and when he masters that, maybe only then he can his Beverly Hills lessons. Going somewhere to observe other stylists is totally useless if one does not masters the basics first!
