5	Best bagel you will ever get, anywhere, by far. Up there in the 10 most memorable things about my years in Montreal and enough to make me consider moving back. And I don't really like bagels.They're constantly turning out fresh batches so if you get there in time and are lucky enough to get a dozen hot sesame bagels straight from the oven, you'll know what I mean.
4	Chewy with an almost nutty flavour and is the perfect size for it's denseness.  Fantastic plain with a coffee.  Must be eaten fresh and hot to truly have the ultimate bagel eating experience.  Also, they have a fantastic canvas tote bag that I highly reccommend purchasing to carry away your dozen.  It's the best reuseable shopping bag I own and the cartoon bagel illustration on the front of it makes me happy.
5	These are probably the best bagels I have eaten on the entire continent and I've been to many bagel spots across the country. Whenever I am in Montreal (I'm from DC), I make sure to stop by here and get a few bagels. This shop is open 24 hours and continuously makes fresh and warm bagels. I always get the poppy and sesame seed ones, and they do not disappoint. You know how some bagels are dry or just tasteless? Well these ones are moist and have a tiny honey (or just a delectable) taste with them. I usually put cream cheese or eggs and ham on ordinary bagels, but these ones I just have warm out of the oven. Worth noting, that they still use a brick oven stove. No point in saving them for later; I just eat them as soon as I leave the bagel shop.
5	In my extensive bagel-eating career, I can say without question that the best one can be found here.
5	I went to check out St. Viateur and their bagels were amazing! It is open 24/7 and I actually got to see them make the bagels from scratch. From cutting the dough to boiling them to baking in a brick oven, they are all handmade. They have the regular plain and sesame bagels but they offer other classics like poppy seeds and organic varieties as well. Every single one is crunchy on the outside but warm and soft on the inside.However, you will most probably get what's coming out of the oven. If they don't have any of the less popular ones available, tough luck, because they are not going to make a batch just for you. Personally, I stick with what's fresh from the oven. Get a bag of 'em with some cream cheese and smoked salmon from the fridge and make yourself the meal ever! Now that's some late night snack that we need in Chicago.
4	As a bagel connoisseur (I'm a Jew, it's in my genes) I'll have to say that these are some of the best bagels I've had. It's no Rosenfeld's, that's for sure but I suppose it's hard to compare French-Canadian bagels to Jewton, MA bagels. So, I'll just say these are some of the best, if not THE best bagels in the city. Here's what you do: 1.Buy a dozen bagels(prefereably of whatever was just baked), a package of lox and a nicely sized tub of cream cheese. 2. Find a nice spot outside (park bench, etc. etc.) or your brother's car. 3. Be the designated bagel maker for ALL FOUR PEOPLE IN THE EFFING CAR 4. Slice a bagel, smear with cream cheese, layer with lox. Devour. Repeat. 5. Exclaim: Oy vey! or Mon dieu!! (considering the locale) etc. etc. There you have it. 12 bagels serve 4 with 4 bagels leftover. (you do the math).
5	After starting off with Fairmount bagels, my husband and I were ready to write off Montreal bagels as being a matter of taste (with that taste being total crap).   However, we decided to give St Viateur's a try before giving up and it was so worth it.  We asked the man behind the counter to just give us whatever was fresh out of the oven, so we wound up with two sesame seed bagels. Neither of us are really sesame fans, but these were so good that I'll consider sesame in the future.  So fresh and yummy I can see why they're famous.
5	I happen to like both St. Viateur and Fairmount Bakery. I've visited and bought from both bakeries, both of whom share similar points in the product they specialize in:- Both are open 24/7 to appease the appetites of drunk Montrealers and late-night snackers. - Both of their bagels are chewy and made fresh on the spot. - Both enjoy a long list of loyal patrons. I think that St. Viateur is better known for offering more traditional bagel flavours such as plain, sesame and poppy seed, while Fairmount offers different flavours. To further investigate this rivalry, I've asked former Montrealers which ones were their favourite bagel shop. Their answers have been pretty diplomatic, admitting that in this particular neighbourhood, there are a few bagel shops around so depending on your personal preference, you either go to one bagel shop than the other.As a Torontonian, I just wish we had a plethora of bagel shops for us to argue about which ones is the best. I'm jealous of the Montreal bagel rivalry.
5	Few things in life can compare with a St. Viateur bagel hot from the oven.  It is one of life's greatest simple pleasures, and should feature on Maslow's hierarchy of needs.I love poppy and sesame.  I beg friends and family to mail me bagels from St. Viateur.  They freeze well and toast up nicely.If you're going to freeze them, cut them when they're still fresh and THEN freeze them.  But they are best hot and fresh and melt-in-your-mouth perfect.
2	Maybe I'm just not a bagel enthusiast but I was not that impressed with St.Viateur Bagel. Maybe I had just never had a truly delicious bagel before but they didn't taste all that spectacular to me. I did find it awesome watching them oven bake the fresh bagels. It would have been better if the were not black in places where they were burnt. I guess that is the way they are suppose to be. I can't say they were worth the energy but other people do. Stop by if you really like bagels or you can go to Mattoon's Bagelfest in July for something better.
5	Definitely not your typical bagel.It's more like very simple, round, artisan bread...baked in a wood-fired oven and best eaten warm.  So damn delicious, you don't need a spread.Is it bad that we have these at least twice a day whilst in Montreal?Totally worth the price of an Air Canada airline ticket.  Especially if you add-in a Shwartz brisket sandwich.(Thank you N & N for the addiction!)
5	Wow, Luke my review for Fairmont reads eerily similar to yours.  I swear it was independent...Anyway, I thought that St. Viateur had excellent bagels.  For me it was a tossup between them and Fairmont, but I gave slight preference to the latter because I thought theirs were a little more moist and chewy.Both are incredibly good and put a smile on my face.
5	I'm from NY and we take our bagels seriously here!These bagels are my favorite!! They are chewy on the outside, soft in the inside.  The dough melts in your mouth. The store is small and has an old charm.  You can see the bagel making process as you order.  I've had the poppy and sesame seed bagels from here.  We even brought some back home.Stop by if you are ever in town!!
5	OMG I am a pastry chef and these are sooo good....  You can eat these without anything on it thats how good they are and you get them as they come out of the oven....  This is bagel heaven if I ever found one...  LOLMontreal is beautiful as it is and this just makes the trip that much more worth it...
2	I don't know if it was all the hype that ruined it for me but I really wasn't impressed.  FYI to people following Frommer's guide to Montreal - there's no seating, just a small area for you to stand and eat.  This is a no frills shop that takes their bagel making seriously.  I had the poppy seed and sesame bagel with 2 sides of over priced cream cheese and one bottle of OJ.  I don't know how else to put it - I was underwhelmed.  Maybe they weren't fresh or maybe I should have stuck with the original that other Yelpers seem to love.  Personally, I'm a bigger fan of Absolute Bagels in NYC - call me crazy.
4	Wow. Amazing bagels on the cheap (about $4 CA for a half dozen).  The only blemish is that they try and get you in and out, but that's understandable as the line behind us grew to about 10 people in the two minutes we were there.  Still, probably the best sesame seed bagel I've ever had.
5	Hands-down the BEST bagels in the world!Montreals often cite the rivalry between St.Viatuer and Fairmount Bagels but I'm partial to the former. The latter also makes great bagels, don't get me wrong but I'm a bit of a purist, plain, sesame, poppy seed, cinnamon - in my book, that's all you need while Fairmount on the other hand makes more creative options like sun-dried tomato, blueberry, chocolate and orange etc. which is fine, it's a matter of preference really.This is a *must* stop for anyone visiting Montreal.Hell even the members of Arcade Fire come here and bought members of Radiohead over one day to try it out and they're still raving about the place!
5	These bagels have converted me into a bagel snob.  I compare every single bagel that a put into my mouth against their high standards.  I can honestly say that the only bagel I've had which I've enjoyed more came out of my own kitchen. When I first walked into the store, I was met with the sweet, warm aroma of bread contrasted with the slight smoky tinge of a wood oven.  In the corner, you can see a man rolling bagels from a batch of dough large enough to fill a Jacuzzi.  The bagels are placed on long planks and put into the oven to cook, then flipped out into large bins.  The entire store is packed with bags of flour, barrels of toppings, and neatly wrapped bagels ready for delivery.   The service is quick, but friendly.  This isn't a place where you can sit around and chat, but they will give you a small knife to spread cream cheese on your bagels.  Although, I suggest eating them without anything on top; the bagel is flavourful enough.  The selection of flavours is not extensive.  Poppy seed and sesame seed and the classics; I usually get a half dozen of each for a total of about $6.80.   The real reason to buy the bagels here, as opposed to as a local store is that they're still warm.  Your order is picked out from the freshest barrel, placed in a paper bag, and handed over without much further ado.  The bagels themselves are dense and chewy.  They are slightly sweet and have a light woody undertone.  They're delicious fresh, toasted, with or without toppings, or just eaten out of hand.
4	When a bagel place only sells 3 types of bagels, with no frills (no giant tubs of cream cheese, no line of workers preparing bagel sandwiches), and has a constant line of bagels going in and out of the oven (fun to watch, by the way)...you know it has to be good.  I picked up both sesame and plain bagels while strolling around the neighborhood...sorry, "neighbourhood".  The sesame bagel has sesames all over it, not just on top, and are toasted to a yummy goodness.  They're only 60 cents each- and are warm, chewy and flavorful (there's a touch of honey in the bagel dough).  Add your own cream cheese and smoked salmon and it's heaven!  I was in NYC binging on Manhattan's finest bagels last weekend and these Montreal bagels blow them out of the water!  Only downside is parking- can never find a spot near this place.
4	I came here on a friend's recommendation and hands down better than NYC bagels. I know that is bold statement but I will stand by it.This bagel shop offers no frills, no thrills, just good substantive gustation. Their most popular is the sesame seed bagel. There is always a line but fear not, it is not ridiculous (depending on the hour of the day you come.)We brought back a dozen for our friend in SF, 3 days later, they are still tasty.
5	I would certainly not compare these bagels to NY bagels.  It's a whole different animal.  NY bagels are plumper, chewier, are more substantial by nature.  They swell so large that the "hole" in the center is sometimes non-existent.  NY bagels are wonderful and filling.  The bagels at St. Viateur are different than NY bagels, but in their own right they are sublime.  Hand-made, each bagel has a slightly different shape.  The dough is rolled thinner with a larger hold in the center, allowing the bagel more of a crustiness and less of the doughy chewiness that NY bagels offer in the bagel's interior.  This past weekend, I ate about 4 sesame bagels from St. Viateur, two a day.  They are smaller and less filling than a NY bagel (I can usually BARELY finish one of those).  The flavor is incredible, however.  If you're ever in Montreal, get your bagels here!  Soooo good! And PS Anthony Boudrain, a proud New Yorker, tried the bagels here on his Quebec episode of No Reservations and agreed they are delicious, not comparing them to his beloved NY bagels, but still admitting their greatness :)
4	bagels french and dense,arrive early to saint velse most kinds sold out
4	I think NY bagels and Montreal bagels are both very good.  i don't think one is better than the other.  i enjoy a good cup of coffee with my bagel, that makes my day!  after sampling a bagel from the Fairmount bagel, I decided to try another one at St Viateur.  My second bagel for breakfast....hmmm, still yummy!
4	I had been hearing about how good Montreal bagels were and everything was pointing towards St Viateur.  I wandered over with a friend thinking we would get lunch there, my assumption was we could sit down with some coffee, maybe try a bagel sandwich.  The show itself was not what we expected at all.  Most of the area it taken up with baking equipment and supplies. There is a small area with a register and a few items like cream cheese.  No eating on site or anything like that.  However the bagels are very good and very cheap.  They are chewy and a little sweet.  I recommend any bagel fan go and visit to try their bagels
5	Ok, so I'm not going to say they are better than NYC bagels. Why? Because these Montreal bagels are a different beast than their cousins in the States. These are slightly smaller and thinner. St. Viateur's come in a variety of flavors. At this shop you can come and get them hot out of the oven at all times. I recommend immediately tearing into one while it's still warm and soft. Then you'll realize how heavenly light and fluffy they are. I walked down the street devouring one. This location sells only bagels and has a cooler full of cream cheeses, assorted bagel toppings, and cold beverages. I wish I had a bagel joint like this in L.A. to walk to on a lazy weekend morning. Oh, and they are AS good as NYC bagels. Yum!
5	One of the best bagel shops I've been to.  Certainly more dense and a bit sweeter than bagels in Boston, but not too sweet.
4	The best bagel I've had. The bagel is thinner than NYC bagel and it's softer as well. The cream cheese with garlic is great, a better option than the regular.I went to the store on Mont Royal St. and they have a great seating area with newspapers and a big window to the street. A great place to relax and have breakfast.
4	It's probably more closely related to the NYC street pretzel than it is to the NYC bagel. My standard bagel test is toasted plain with plain cream cheese. This definitely delivered. The hint of sweetness is just like POW!... awesome. I took one star off for the small size, but I'm kind of a big American dude. For better or for worse, we like larger portion sizes than our friends to the north.
4	Try it while it's hot
3	The chief competitor of Fairmount Bagel. However, it is not as good. The basic form and technique are quite similar, but their bagels are undercooked and more doughy. They also will not slice a bagel and spread cream cheese. They hand it to you with a plastic knife and a tear pack of Philadelphia cream cheese and send you to a corner table to make your own. Not bad, but not Fairmount.
4	Really tasty bagels, slightly on the sweet side but not too much. Tried both the sesame and the poppy and loved both.
3	Doughy. Is it really a bagel? Great atmosphere and fun to watch them flip the bagel. Got it to go and walked down the street munching away.
5	There are only a few bagels out there that can taste amazing without anything on it.  So is the case at St-Viateur.  I've been to Montreal three times, and each time I've always gotten a St-Viateur bagel.I've been to both this location and the Mont St. Royal cafe.  The cafe is a sit-down joint that sells bagel sandwiches and with whatever spreads you want.  This location only sells bagels and tubs of cream cheese, packages of salmon, and whatever else you would normally put on your bagel, and there are no tables (think H&H in NYC).  They do sell individual-sized containers of cream cheese, but honestly you won't need it.  The day I went here (New Year's Day), they only had plain, sesame, and poppyseed bagels.  I was sad the "tout garni" ("all dressed," aka everything) bagel wasn't available, but the poppyseed more than satisfied my bagel craving.  The very subtle sweetness from the honey water the bagels were boiled in give the bagels a pleasantly different taste.  The dough itself has a texture like a fresh pretzel and doesn't feel as dense as a NYC bagel.  Best of all, since the bagels are constantly made in the wood-fire oven right before your eyes, you're sure to get a warm, soft, fresh bagel, and nothing beats that.  Oh, and they're only .60 CAD.  You definitely can't compare Montreal bagels to NYC bagels; the size, taste, and even shape are different.  But if you love your carbs, you'll definitely love St-Viateur!
4	What do you get when you combine a pretzel with a bagel, a St. Viateur Bagel! I came here during the morning and watched the workers work their craft,  quickly cutting, hand-rolling, seasoning, and throwing the dough in the wood-burning oven. Just as quickly as fresh ones were taken out of the oven and thrown onto the long conveyor-like ramp. The bagels are served fresh and hot so be sure to eat one on the spot. Although this location does not prepare the bagel with sides such as salmon, cream cheese, butter or the like, there are a couple refrigerators stocked with tubs of different types of cream cheese and packages of salmon that you can purchase and take to go. If you're looking for a full-on experience of a warm bagel with sides, as well as coffee and other foods, you can go to the other St. Viateur Bagel & Cafe locations.I ordered a Sesame Bagel ($0.60 CAD), unsure of what to expect. What I got was smaller than a New York bagel. My first thoughts when biting into it, was soft as a pretzel with an airy/fluffy consistency and a subtle sweetness. And as an added bonus, this delectable bagel counts in at only 220 calories where a New York bagel is about twice as much!! As you enjoy your bagel, peruse around the front entrance where there is a wall of photographs of famous celebrities and advertisements glorifying this place.And some good news: This legendary bagel shop is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week!! Even on New Year's Day while the rest of Montreal is still sleeping!! Be sure to call ahead if you're wanting to try a certain type of bagel to see if they are making it at the time you're planning on visiting.Bagel Menu (CAD Prices: Single, 1/2 Doz, Doz):Sesame - $0.60, $3.40, $6.75Poppy - $0.60, $3.40, $6.75Seedless - $0.60, $3.40, $6.75Cinnamon Raisin - $0.70, $4.20, $8.40All Dressed (Everything) - $0.70, $4.20, $8.40Whole Wheat - $0.70, $4.20, $8.40Flax Seed - $0.75, $4.50, $9.009 Grains - $0.80, $4.80, $9.60Bread - $2.50Matzoh - $1.30
5	I dreamt of St-Viateur sesame bagels again.  They are like food from Heaven, so so good one can eat them without any kind of spread.  My Canadian cousins give me a bag of them to bring home whenever I head up for a visit.  I think it may be time again to head up for a visit.
3	Here's the thing.  If you are expecting a NY style bagel, it's not it.   But, what you will get, is a different kind of bagel.  The sesame seed and everything bagels were pretty awesome.  They were even more awesome when they were warm and fresh.  The cinnamon raisin bagel? Not so much.  It was kind of dense and a little bland.I think this is worth a drive by and stopping in if you have time, but not necessarily a "must" eat.
5	Trekked here the day after a serious blizzard slammed Montreal in 2008 and to say the roads and sidewalks were a mess would be an understatement. Between the buses and the walk, it took almost 45 minutes to arrive. At the time, we had no idea that St-Viateur had a sit-down cafe in Mont Royal that was a couple metro stops away from where we were staying, so we trekked all this way only to have no place to sit and eat our bagels. Did this matter to us? No. These bagels were so damn good that we forgot how tired our legs were and I ended up taking a dozen back home with me. Every bagel I've had since then gets measured to St-Viateur's awesomeness. I'll take Montreal-style bagels any day of the week over the NYC varieties.
1	it's not good.my bagel was hard and extremely dense.  i found it difficult to bite into without having a tooth fall out.  NYC bagels top Montreal's any day.not sure why there is so much hype over this place.
1	This place completely blows.  If this is the best bagel in Montreal - I'd rather have Lender's frozen bagels in a heartbeat.  There is no debate.  New York bagels completely obliterate this sham of a place. I cannot believe there are positive reviews on this page.  St-Viatuer Bagels are horrible.  Let me count the ways.  They taste like complete cardboard. The sandwiches are "pre-made" - meaning, all of your toppings are just sitting there (turkey, cheese) all day - rather than being cut fresh.  i went there with high hopes with this being the "18th" ranked restaurant in Montreal.  What s joke.  Again, the bagels suck.  Absolutely no taste.  None.So, in sum....  RUN, don't walk away.  It is a complete waste of your money for this tasteless, stale imitator with rancid, tasteless toppings.  AVOID!!!!!
4	I was craving bagels and my roommate recommended St Viateur.  I didn't realize there are different "types" of bagels, so I was expecting the NYC bagel.  As so many yelpers pointed out before me, it is not like the NYC bagel at all.  It is also on the sweeter side, maybe slightly too sweet for my taste for bagels, but still pretty good especially since we got them fresh out of the oven.  I only tried the sesame bagels as I'm not a huge fan of the poppey seeds.  My roommate got the smaller, harder sweet bagels and she liked them.  Bottom line, not my favorite bagels ever, but definitely enough to satisfy my bagel craving and worth the drive.  I will go back for more.
5	The controversial question that divides the people of Montreal  - Fairmount Bagel or St. Viateur?Though both are outstanding Montreal bagels, St. Viatuer wins my vote. The bagels are the freshest ever. You literally see them coming out of the oven just moments before you're popping them in your mouth.Sesame bagels are being made constantly, so if you're eating them on the spot, sesame is the way to go. Poppy seed is my top pick, and I still get one sesame to eat on my way out, poppy seed to take home.In my books, the Montreal bagel has yet to be surpassed, and St.Viateur is  the place to get 'em.
4	On this visit we did not have time to try the bagels from Fairmont, but definitely loved the bagels at St-Viateur. So much so we got a dozen for the trip home. They were still hot when they went into the bag. The car smelled great for hours!
4	We had the same expression as Anthony Bourdain did after taking the first bite.  It's good, but not THAT good.  Definitely not worth the 50 min walk for sure.  I didn't find the crust all that crispy.  server was very friendly.
3	I am not sure why this place is open 24 hours a day? Are there that many people that get bagel cravings in the middle of the night?I came here with my cousin since she read in one of her guidebooks that this is THE place for bagels. I'm from NYC, so I wasn't expecting much (I live a hop and a skip from one of the best Jewish delis). When we entered, it was quite impressive to see the big wood burning stove where they make the bagels, as well as the large pile of bagels that were done. Down one side of the shop were drinks and the other were fridges stocked with all sorts of packaged condiments for your bagel. It's like a supermarket dedicated to bagels.We were a bit disappointed since we were hoping for sandwiches but oh well. We grabbed "all dressed" & sesame bagels, and a carton of whitefish salad (my spread of choice). There were no where to sit as many have noted. Apparently this is the factory and St-Viateur has many other cafes around Montreal that actually offers seating and freshly made bagel sandwiches. Wish I knew that well ahead of time since it was raining and we had to find a bench on the street to sit on while propping up our umbrellas to eat.The bagels were good. The sesame one is definitely fresher and softer since its turnaround is faster. The all dressed bagel was well encrusted in all the toppings but I wished there were more onions since it's one of my favorites. The bagel itself was a bit doughy but tasty, they say they dipped it in honey water before baking.I suggest trying their bagel in one of their cafes. There's quite a few, just find one near wherever you're staying. It's probably also better when they actually make it for you fresh on the spot rather than buy the ones here in the factory shop, usually it's bought in bulk here and people reheat it at home. Plus, you wouldn't have to spend insane amount of money to buy all the packaged condiments to make one decent sandwich, especially with the packaged salmon. Skip the "original" unless it's 3 o'clock in the morning and you must have a good bagel.
3	I liked the other bagel shop marginally better. Not enough to make a difference in stars though. I won't be back, I prefer NY bagels.
5	I'm a native of Los Angeles.  I love NYC bagels (Ess-A-Bagel, hello!).  What do I think of Montreal bagels?CHA-CHING!!  On the money, yo.  I must say here, documented, that Montreal bagels whip the butts of NYC bagels.  An NYC bagel is good, but it gets its perfection from the mounds of cream cheese.  A Montreal bagel is perfection without any alterations or additions.  I've never, ever had a bite of any bagel and felt that I would want to willingly eat it plain and in its entirety, right there and then.  At St. Viateur, I looked at the bagel and wondered why it wasn't cut in half.  "Do you put cream cheese on it?"..  and she smiled and said, "No", and pointed to the fridge to my right and said, "You can buy for .50" (I think she said 50 cents, but it was something in that amount).  I decided nah.. and told her it's ok, I'll just go with it as is.  She smiled big and made that gesture with her hand that can be read as "magnificent choice!"  I took it outside towards the drizzly morning of Montreal/Mile-End, and sunk my teeth into it.  And more.  And again.  And suddenly felt that I needed a cup of coffee to help slow down, and to be able to relish it.  Stopped by a coffee shop nearby (I forget the name, darn it!), but it was a very good latte... and oh what a delightful breakfast.  The coffee was certainly not necessary, but unless you want to scarf the bagel down and wish you hadn't, you should get one to pair it with. :)  The shop offers nowhere to sit.  It's not really a dining establishment.  Just a shop that makes bagels.  I wish they'd have somewhere to sit, but perhaps that's part of the decades of charm.  The area itself seems residential nearby, and it was a bit of a trek by a bus from the downtown area, to get here.  I'd say about 25 minutes by bus.  Worth every bumpy moment.  This is a way to consume carbs the way they were meant to be consumed.  And you won't feel one bit of guilt.Didn't get the chance to try Fairmount, but the reviews make them sound so similar..  so I've left Fairmount for my return visit.
5	Let me start by stating what this place is NOT.- You don't come here for a warm customer/owner interaction. Think seinfeld episode of your choice ;)- You don't come here for a variety of sandwiches or toppings or to have your bagel toasted lightly with a smidgin of butter.- You don't come for the ambiance...You come here for the undisputed best bagel on the planet!! (tied with fairmont bagel...)Best enjoyed fresh out of their wood-fired oven with or without the spread of your choice.You want them toasted with butter (or cream cheese)?Take 'em home and do it yourself!Save yourself the aggrevation...
3	I have to say I was a little disappointed. No doubt these are good bagels, but I don't really see the point of eating a bagel plain. I thought you were supposed to eat them with obscene amounts of cream cheese??NYC style bagels FTW...
3	Sorry... not as good at Fairmount! The all-dressed bagel was as good as naked, with no salt to be found.
5	Picked up several dozen of my favorite sesame bagels on our way home, and had 2 of them right out of the bag.  So good.  A few bags are supposed to be given to family but it's going to be hard parting with them!
4	my friends i was visiting told me that the bagels were a must try in montreal.  they told us these were different than the ones from the states because they were chewier.  the way she described it was like how a brownie is different from cake.  i don't really  need that much convincing to try new food, anyways.  i asked the clerk which one was the most popular, and she told me it was the sesame bagel.  they were indeed chewier than their american cousins, and i quite enjoyed the texture.  i just had it plain, but next time i'll be sure to get it all dressed up.
2	Bagels were good, but I prefer a good New York style over these. Prices for sandwich (with bagel instead of bread) were higher than expected - $10-$13 if I recall.  No credit cards was a disappointment and the neighborhood is not fantastic.
5	I am a montrealer that has tried bagels in other cities, and I have to say that these are not your tipical bagels.  They have a crisp outer layer and are far less bready in the middle, the flavor is also more buttery. I usually get 6 sesame and 6 poppy to round out my happy dozens, If you dont plan to eat them all within a few days, I suggest you cut them in half and freeze them while there fresh.  They will be easier to toast when your ready for them.  I also usually buy the astro cream cheese as the lighter texture makes an awsome spread, (especially if you add butter), and the salmon spead is also delish.  If you planning a brunch, consider bagels, cut into small bite sizes with an assortment of spreads like salmon, creme cheese, jams and preserved, or hummus, cheeses or fresh berries (ex bluberries).  My favorites way to enjoy is toasted bagels, topped cream cheese, smoked salmon, capers, onion, a slice of lemon, a slice of fresh tomato and fresh ground pepper.....mmmmmm mouth watering good
3	This shop is literally 2-3 blocks down from Fairmount's Bagel. St. Viateur also makes their bagel daily and had just the same variety as Fairmount's. What I didn't like about this place was the fact that they didn't cut open my bagel and spread cream cheese on it, instead I had to choose my own cream cheese from the fridge and do it myself. Aside from this, the bagel is a lot more softer and didn't have that crunch. There weren't a lot of sesame on the bagel which meant the aroma of the sesame bagel wasn't as intense. Each person has their own opinon about this bagel shop. As for me, I would pass on this bagel shop.
4	The bagels here are slightly more dense than Fairmount's, and the shell isn't as crunchy.  Overall, they are softer and more chewy.  The sesame here is probably the best type here, with a nutty, aromatic flavor.  I love that they ship bagels to the US; we order a couple dozen every once in a while and store them in the freezer.  Personally, I like Fairmount's bagels more but this comes in at a close second.
4	Sweet & chewy.  Great price & fast service.  I'll be back!
4	St-Viateur Bagel Stop #324 hours and 7 days a week?! How many dozen of bagels do you need? Are you going to eat all of those? Let me see how many kilometres you need to walk to burn one of these bagels off? Only Sesame and Poppy seed left... can I just have 3 dozens or so... I feel the warm and smell the bagels driving all the way back to Toronto... and I end up smelling like bagels too... sweet sweet smell of sesame and honey!BTW, St Viateur Bagel might be the safest place in Montreal tonight as there are 2 police officers chatting away with the bakers.
4	I had been dreaming of this bagel palace ever since seeing it on the travel channel. Bagels coming out of a wood fired oven, WTF. I couldn't wait to taste them. So off to St-Viateur the oldest bagel shop in Montreal. As you walk in you see the assembly line of bagels going to their wood fired death. But they don't come out all burnt, instead perfectly toasted to a crisp outer deliciousness. Well I ordered a half dozen mixed and preceded to devour them one by one. So much for being off carbs. There dough was light and fluffy inside with a crisp crusty outer shell. It was one fine bagel. No disappointment here, just satisfaction.
3	This is your perfect place to bring someone after going out.Instead of going to macdonald or some fast food joint this place is cheaper,healthier and quicker than any fast food store.Plus you can grab something for breakfast the next day.No matter what time i go i always see people baking fresh bagel.I'm more of a conservative guy so i usually take sesame bagel or butter bagel.Hope this help,Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
5	NY has bagels and Montreal has bagels.  They're different and I like 'em both. Like at H&H (in the USW in NY) I order whatever just came out of the hot oven.  And so, tried and true, I ordered the Sesame Bagel.  Seemed like the sesame was the overall favorite and most popular so we ordered one to go - it was warm to the touch, smelled wonderful and the toasted sesame crisp to the bite.   Was so good I just ate it w/o cream cheese.   Also ordered the Everything Bagel just for a taste, however, it was was sitting for a while so wasn't the best texture - was tough/dry - and was a tad stale.  Great experience; friendly staff and efficient.
5	Buttery delicious hot chewy bagels, amazing sense of hot-off-the-fire history, funny friendly service (not like "can I take your order madam" friendly, but more like "hey, sup. jokesjokesjokes"). This place is a brightly-lit beacon in the dead of night, and wrapping your hands around a bagel right out of the fire-breathing oven at 3am in the dead of winter is true Montreal experience - only for the hearty and hale. Don't waste your time at the St Viateur cafes (these are fine, they are just beside the point.) Don't wait two days to eat your bagels back home then complain that they are stale. Just grab a half dozen of whatever is hot, get some cream cheese and go for a walk - and be thankful that your life contains such sweetness. ;)
2	Overrated! The bagels and condiments are sold separately, so you have to assemble everything yourself. We ordered 2 everything bagels (known as "dressed" bagels in Montreal), a package of smoked salmon, and 2 cream cheese spreads for a grand total of $18.I then forced everyone to walk 15 mins until we found a small bench to start creating our bagel sandwiches. Sadly, The bagels were extremely chewy, a bit stale, and a lot disappointing :( In the Fairmont vs. Viateur war - Fairmont def takes the cake.
4	Great Sesame bagel! It is a little sweeter and less hard than NYC bagels but they are great. Definitely eat them while they are hot because that is the best. I still think NY Bagels are the bomb :)
4	I never eat my bagels without cream cheese ever.....until I tasted a St-Viateur Bagel.I watched from behind the counter as the bagels were being pulled out of the wood fired oven as my sister ordered me a sesame seed bagel.  These bagels were FRESH.  Hot crispy buttery outside with a chewy center it was absolutely delicious!  Who cares about the carbs!  I believe the condiments are sold separately but I'm not quite so sure since I did not feel the need to order any!!  If you are in the area definitely drop by to try a bagel you won't be disappointed!!
5	These bagels are as good a bagel can get. For me, these bagels define what a Montreal bagel is...
3	I stopped by this bagel shop before Fairmont Bagels...since both bagels shops were on the walking tour route suggested by lonely planet, i was like, well, may as well do a tasting test to see which one i liked more... :)I love how i saw the open oven, a man kneading and rolling the bagels, while the other man working on the open oven, taking bagels out with this long wooden spatula...it was an awesome scene! I decided to order the "everything" bagel since that's what i got at the Fairmont...hmmm...i have to say that i prefer the other place over this one...but it's still a very good bagel for those that likes their bagel a bit sweeter....they are both solid places for montreal style bagels, chewy, but not as dense and gigantic as the NY cousins...
2	I was so looking forward to tasting the best of the famous Montreal-style bagels, which turned out to be, sadly, a disappointment. I suppose it is possible that you either like the New York-style bagels or this stuff they sell in Montreal. But I'm starting to think that you either like bagels (in which case NY wins), or you haven't tasted them yet, or that you have, but loyalty and pride get in the way of facing the truth. The place was charming enough. They seem serious about making bagels and perfectly friendly. Trouble is, the poppy-seed covered product I bought just wasn't all that good. Perhaps too sweet, or too hard, but most importantly just not flavorful or tasty enough to be called a good bagel. I hate to use the word cardboard-y, but it kind of was. Again, I must be hopelessly biased and spoiled, and variety is apparently the spice of life, but I am certainly sticking with the NY-style bagels! If you insist on trying the Montreal variety, this place is as good as any. But consider yourself warned.
4	Awesome sesame bagel when it was eaten still warm out of the oven.Had one half a day later and it was overly dense and not really edible when served cold.  Conclusion: make sure you try one of these fresh from the oven.
5	simply: the best bagels in the world!!!
5	The BEST Bagels in Montreal... you can't find them out of the city this good. Not your regular, new-york style - these are soooo much better! The sesame is the best!
3	Having already mentioned the bagels our next stop was obviously St. Viateur and much like Schwartz's my question walking in the door was how something so simple could garner so much press...I mean, sure I did not grown up in a bagel town like New York and my sample size is rather low but honestly I'd never had a bagel that made me say 'wow.'Set on a the road for which it is named St. Viateur is actually more than one store and with some locations opened 24/7 while others hold more traditional hours it took a bit of finagling the GPS to sort out which was which before we arrived at the small shop and walking through the doors I realized right away that part of what made the space was the experience - three men standing around a wood fired oven and large vats of water hand rolling the bagels, boiling them, and loading/unloading them from the flames.  Friendly but busy one of the men broke away from his work to take our order and after a moment weighing the options I decided to make it easy - half a dozen (2 of each flavor) plus a block of cream cheese - and settling the modest tab made my way to the street as there is no place to sit at St. Viateur.With the bag toasty warm in my hand and the smell of dough and yeast still fresh in my nares it would not be long after emerging to the streets before we opened up the bag and with my mother and aunt preferring a schmear  (Philadelphia Cream Cheese - nothing special) I went with my tastes plain and tasting each in succession I was adequately impressed by the slight crunch of the exterior giving way to a supple chew within, but still not 'wowed.'  Semi-sweet and certainly different from any other bagel I've tasted before or since I particularly enjoyed the Sesame Seed option while the Poppy Seed and Plain were equally well textured but not as interestingly flavored.  Certainly understanding the simple bagel's cultural importance and the fact that St. Viateur seems to be everything right what I'll take away most from my visit was the experience of watching the bakers at work - in the end it just seems I'm not a bagel guy, no matter how good.
1	Bagels are super disgusting, just by walking into the place it smelled damp and old which didn't give a good sign this place would be any good. If you want old, over cooked, stale bagels... this is a place you want to avoid!
5	This doesn't need much explanation. If you have never had a Montreal bagel then go here and eat one that is fresh out of the brick oven, preferably sesame. You will never look back at an American counterpart...ever.
5	Chewy, fluffy, soft insideThe outside has a bite...it is not crunchy and it is not hard to bite off...It.s a great bagelI like the sesame bagelI find it has a tiny little bit sweetness to itSo u don't need any cream cheese, butter, jam....MmmmmmmGreat bagels!
3	I was excited to try Montreal style bagels but think I like NY style much better. I don't know but Montreal-style are much thinner and denser and they remind me of the stuff you buy in the market, laden with preservatives.It's totally charming that this bagel shop is open 24 hours and has a factory-feel to it but they're not very helpful about pointing out what's fresh: the bagel we ate tasted like it had been sitting there for a month. Also, all you can add to your bagel is Philadelphia cream cheese. I don't know if that's a delicacy up here but it's the bottom of the barrel where I come from. Guys, get some frickin' whipped cream cheese for christ's sake?If I had had a fresh bagel from the giant oven, I might be singing a different story -- make sure you ask for one -- as I didn't and was sorely dissapointed.They also had some crazy "matzoh" which was like a fried flat bagel covered in sesame seeds that I thought was pretty good. Overall, people, both employees and the long line of daily bagelers behind us seemed grouchy and the whole place had a bad vibe. St. Viateur -- I think you may be coasting on your reputation and a bagel-loving public who just doesn't know any better. I suggest you warm the place up a bit with some attitude adjustment, fresh products (ditch the Philly, OK?) and try pointing people towards what's fresh. It's why we came in.
4	I can't say definitively whether St. Viateur makes the best Montreal bagel but I can claim that they have been- from childhood to now- THE Montreal bagel for me. New Yorkers and other non-Montreal denizens take note: these bagels are neither puffy, non-holey nor heavy. If your heart is betrothed to an Ess-a-bagel or H&H prototype then it's best to check your notions at the door. I don't mean to impair any existing relations but.... frankly speaking...Montreal bagels are holier and more compact, sweet and better. They are a reasonable bite instead of a gaping Big Apple mouthful. You don't need to drown it with cream cheese to enjoy, it's perfectly delicious unadorned. In short, they represent my ideal ring shaped bread product.  Strangely enough despite being situated nearby, I have not tried Fairmount's version so I can't chime in fully on how St. Viateur holds up to the local competition. That debate and loyalty test awaits a future review. And I've come to understand that St. Viateur's delights can be consumed in a myriad of locations these days, including New York. But for me, nothing quite beats procuring one straight from the source. It's almost a must do when I'm in town.Open 24 hours since 1957, with their bagel-making production splayed out for all to see, St. Viateur was artisanal before it was a buzz word amongst DIY'ers. A lovely warm, sweet aroma blitzes you upon entering. The bagels are hand rolled and boiled before being baked in a wood burning oven. Each bagel has a bit of character because of this process. In New York I like everything bagels. But in Montreal, sesame is de rigueur. Try to get one from the pile that has been pulled recently from the oven. Note the little nooks and crannies in the dough; no perfectly machine shaped abominations here. Some will sport more tanned marks than others. The crust is a little smokey, a little nutty and it won't be long before you hit the chewy, toothsome interior. Do you want cream cheese? Pfffttt. These are fine on their own. But if you must indulge they have tubs or little packets of philly in the fridge on the side. Lox? Pas ici. Oh yeah there's no seating. So what do I do? I pick up a dozen on my midnight run and I briskly walk back to my Grandmother's apartment. Sometimes (okay every time) I will take one out and munch on it as I navigate the intersections on my route back. I like to think I was teethed on these bagels. And when I reach my destination point, at the bottom of the stairs as before, a sliver of light streams out as she makes her way to the the top. "Aiyaaaa..why out so late??!!!" she mutters while she prepares another hasty rebuke. But then she hears that familiar crackle of paper and takes in the sweet yeasty odour making its way up."Okay. Let me go put on my dentures."
5	location:small shop with a 24 hour bakery with a worker slaving away all night until early morn.  that's some crazy graveshift hours.  it's in a residential neighborhood.  nothing fancy,  just get your fresh bagels and go!  must have item:-regular plain bagel:  chewy,  slightly sweet,  and a thinner ring.  very different from a new york bagel.  i actually prefer these.  it's so good,  you can eat it plain.   you don't need any cream cheese or schmear.  they are just distractions!   i'm a purist.  i got these like at 1am and they were piping hot.  very fresh!  -sesame seed bagel:  chewy,  slightly sweet,  but nutty from the sesame seeds.  it was a very well-rounded flavor and soft on the inside.  it had a bite on the outside,  but it was just pillowy goodness on the inside.  quite possibly,  the greatest bagel i've ever had.    conclusion:very authentic montreal bagel experience.  get the sesame seed bagel.   they're cheap and constantly fresh.  i got 4 of them and had the remaining 2 the next day and they were still good (albeit,  a little harder,  but flavor.... yup,  it was still there!).
1	C'mon people. Set the bar a little higher. NOTHING to see here, move along... If you think this is a great bagel, then you need to see a bit more of the world than your little square. Shame on Fodors for promoting this simple bakery.
2	24 hour spot.  Good bagels although they weren't fresh from the oven.  If I could do it again, I'd ask specifically about which just came out of the oven and get those.  Overall, the bagels were like bagels anywhere else and I wouldn't venture out of my way to get them again.  Good not great.
5	Come and get it! Montreal bagels at their finest. In every flavour under the great bagel sun in the sky. A true win.You could go for some of the fancier flavours but honestly the plain and the standards are delicious in their simplicity. St-Viateur is open 24-7 which means there is no excuse for not picking up bagels for your mates before you return from belle Montreal. The bagels are inexpensive plus you can sit in or get food to go from this little oasis.Pop in soon, oh, and bring some bagels to Toronto for me would ya! I miss them.
3	Fresh bagels. Definitely fresh. One can see the oven and the bagels coming out of said oven.Ordered a plain sesame bagel with no frills to really taste the unadulterated Montreal bagel. I'm disappointed in myself for not liking it more. Maybe mine was defective? It happens.The bagel sandwich, though, was good, but a tad overpriced I felt.Cash only! Good thing there's plenty of ATMs around.
5	I grew up in NY. I resent St. Viageur Bagel for destroying my love of NY Bagels. Watching these gorgeous wheels of golden delight cooking in the hot glow of the lovely brick oven is enough to drive you crazy. This place is like something out of The Twilight Zone.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
4	My go-to Montreal bagel shop, the original St. Viateur Bagel, on St. Viateur Ouest in the Mile-End.This place has been around for almost sixty years and is open 24-7. They are even open on the Sabbath to get you your bagel fix. Be ready to line up, but thankfully this place is a bagel making machine and they'll get you in and out very quickly.Sesame is hands down the way to go at seven dollars for a dozen, it's a steal. Fancier varieties cost a little more, but nothing that will break the bank.Note-this place is only a bagel factory pretty much - no place to sit that's what the NDG and Mont-Royal locations are for.
5	My second favorite montreal bagel place!
2	Bagel was soft enough to cut with a plastic fork and had a nice taste, but the guy who served me had a super bad attitude.  Not sure if it was because I spoke English off the bat or because I only ordered one.  I wouldn't go back.
5	As a Philadelphian, this place reminded me of the soft pretzel spot in south Philly that opens at midnight. A similarly great hole in the wall selling delicious, cheap, hot from the oven bagels. You want them, I promise.
5	The original, often imitated never duplicated.
5	St-Viateur is one of the combatants in The Great Bagel Wars of North America between Montreal and New York City.  It's a small place, but oh boy are there bagels delicious!  They are baked in the brick oven and come out piping hot!Just order a whole bunch of them and watch yourself eat the whole bag, so you better have some friends to share them with.Hint: You don't even need the cream cheese.
5	I don't agree with that 2 star guy from Houston. The man was so nice inside and the bagels were wonderful.
5	Best bagel I've ever had in my life. They're only slightly smaller than the size I'm used to in the U.S., but much tastier. There's less boiled density in the middle; it's fresh and crispy almost the whole way through. The sesame seeds are big and flavorful. I can't remember the exact pricing, but it was ridiculously cheap. The guys were very chipper, coming out to help us choose a spread, or even letting my friend sneak back to use the restroom.
5	Just do yourself a favor and go here and get some bagels first thing in the morning (or last thing at night, sure). Get more than you need, sesame and poppy. Eat one (hot, wonderfully bready smelling) on the way home. Get some butter and slap it on another bagel when you get home. They're small, you can eat as many as you want.Then eat one more each day for the rest of your life.
5	A fresh bagel from here is like heaven - if heaven was a ring-shaped, carb-heavy, bread product.I don't recommend Montreal bagels as the base of a sandwich, they are best eaten as is, or split open with some schmear and eaten open-faced. That's it. If you keep the bagels for more than a day, then toast them. Keep it simple, 'mkay?
5	Best Bagel in North America or north of America?On a recent visit to Montreal a friend--who just so happens to live there and who could also be considered slightly biased--took me to the bakery who has the "best bagels in North America"1.  I paused when he told me that and asked if he meant the best bagels north of America?  Living in the New York area I feel it is blasphemy to call any bagel outside of NYC the best!  I mean, even the bagels I ate daily when I lived in New Orleans were imported from New York City.  We compromised and agreed that St-Viateur Bagel Shop makes the best bagels in Montreal!St-Viateur Bagel has been a fixture in Montreal since 1957 when Myer Lewkowicz brought his recipes from Eastern Europe and decided to share them with the people of Montreal.2 They sell over 12,000 bagels a day and the St-Viateur location is open 24 hours.  Everyone wants a St-Viateur bagel!  The line wrapped around the block during my visit.What is the big secret to making the best bagels in Montreal?  There are two key items needed:   1) Wood-burning oven   2) Hand rolling the dough I am not going to lie, the St-Viateur bagels are fantastic.  A few months ago I discovered the best donuts in Montreal and now I have found the best bagels!  I will let you decide if these are the best in North America or north of America.  I will just say they are pretty darn good and you can be the judge.
4	I got myself a sesame, cinnamon raisin, and a rosemary. Well verdict, YES they were good especially the rosemary and cinnamon ones. But to be honest I expected something more, worked on all the hype and good reviews about it. Anyways, still good bagels!
3	Picked up a half dozen while in town for the jazz fest. Have now brought home to Boston bagels from both St-Viateur and Fairmount and, I have to say, I am underwhelmed. They are fine out of the oven but go stale quickly. They're also scrawnier than their NYC cousins--like if you fell asleep in a sauna for two days, then woke up all wrinkly and weighing about 20 lbs less. That's MTL bagel vs NYC bagel.Overall, it's decent fare, but not worth a special trip.
5	One of my favorite spots to get delicious Montreal bagels. Prices are cheap, service is quick (mostly because it's CASH ONLY! THANK YOU!!!!!) and the bagels are fantastic. I've pretty much ate all their bagel selections at this point with my personal favorites being the Sesame and Rosemary bagels. NEWBIES! Make sure to request the freshest bagels, particularly if this is your first visit and you heard how awesome this place is, they WILL OBLIGE with a smile!(-1 star) The only downside as some have mentioned previously and correctly, is this is PURELY a bagel joint. This means you can buy your cream cheese or whatnot from their freezers... but you have to construct your own bagel sandwiches elsewhere. There are indeed a few cafes nearby that may allow you to come in to setup if you purchase a coffee (a great option for those of you who like doing this) but be prepared for this as well as some places frowning on this somewhat. Lastly, the prices for things in the freezer are far more expensive than you'd get from most other places.
5	I grew up on these and refuse to eat any other bagel. Enough said.
5	Another vote for best Bagel in North America from Los Angeles!One of the guys in my morning running group has been professing his love of your bagels and surprised the rest of us all by ordering a few dozen.  It was quite a site as we all ran home along the Pacific ocean in the early morning light with our arms full of your bagels here in Manhattan Beach, CA near Los Angeles.  They are delicious and I'll definitely be placing an order myself in the near future!Freeze them on arrival and toast them just a wee bit and they are perfect.
3	I disagree with the masses on St-Viateur.  Maybe I came in at the wrong time, but my bagel was a bit stale and not nearly as flavorful as their competitor.  It's an old building and it's cool to see the cooking process.  They just weren't my favorite bagel in the neighborhood.
5	For the record, I was born and raised in Brooklyn, and for most of my time there, lived a stone's throw from Coney Island Bagels & Bialys. As much as I love a good New York bagel, the moment I bit into a sesame bagel from St. Viateur this past summer, I was completely head-over-heels in love. Please note that comparing a New York bagel to a Montreal bagel is like comparing apples and oranges; they are completely different (the only similarity they share is their shape and a hole in the middle, and even those aren't quite the same). They have to be judged on their own merit. That said, if I were forced to choose between eating a New York bagel or a St. Viateur Montreal bagel for the rest of my life, I'd have to go with St. Viateur.Yes, I'm a traitor.
5	These really are the best bagels in the city.  When you walk in, you are overcome by the smell of freshly made bagels, being sifted from the over on one giant long piece of wood.  That skill alone?  Incredible.  Then you realize that they're open 24 hours a day.You can't eat here - but you can buy some creme cheese here, and your bagels, and go make a lunch elsewhere.The guys who own the shop also will let you know about a cafe you're allowed to eat the bagels in - provided you buy a cup of their coffee.  When I'm next in Montreal, this will be a must-see sight, once more.
5	St. Viateur bagels = MY FAVOURITE BAGELS IN THE WORLD.Sorry, the capitalization may have been excessive but it was very, very necessary. They are so delicious. I could eat St. Viateur bagels every single day and never get sick of them. That fresh bagel smell when you walk into the shop - priceless. Watch them work their magic inside.Three dozen bagels for me to bring back home and freeze. Too bad they won't last long enough...cash only! Don't forget.
5	They are the best bagels I've ever eaten. Given that it was my last day in Montreal, we shopped there for two dozens and they were all gone before our flight landed in Winnipeg.
5	Tried this bagel after Fairmount. Again, went with the everything bagel. They don't put cream cheese on it for you, but you purchase the packet and they give you a knife. Total price was around $1. I think I liked Fairmount a bit better, but just a bit. For the price, I might choose St-Viateur if I were a regular. Both are great and should be sampled. Yum yum!
5	Awesome bagels. The matzohs are my personal fave. Buy the cream cheese and lox separately and slap em on.
5	The SpotA true classic. You can't come to Montreal and not have Montreal bagels, and two places, Saint Viateur and Fairmount Bagels, are the two staples to get them at (though not if you count the numerous other spots around the city that they ship their wares to). We won't name favourites, so you had better visit both for good measure.What's Really Good?The staff does their job. The location is a building. The atmosphere is the atmosphere. It's the chewy, fresh-out-of-the-oven bagels that you really go for. Though, in addition to bagels, you can pick up bagel peripherals such as cream cheese and other dairy products, as well as pickles. All the best stuff, of course. The oven is right there in the room and the delicious golden rings spill down the ramp and straight to the counter as they're made, so you'll get a firsthand look at the process.You'll Wanna KnowAs mentioned, St-Viateur Bagel has multiple locations in Montreal, but we recommend this one, as it caters more to the walk-in customer. But keep in mind that while it's open to the public, this spot exists mainly to produce bagels for multiple outlets. As such, this isn't a sit-down type of place.
3	On a wet snowy Sunday afternoon, we bravely made the trek out to the famous St. Viateur Bagels. Since Fairmount was close, we decided to pick up some from there as well to compare to each other as well as to NY-style bagels. All in the name of research, people!St. Viateur vs. FairmountBagels from both locations were fresh from the oven and still warm when they were handed to us. I can't say that I preferred one over the other. Eventually, bagels from both locations were mixed up, and we couldn't pick out which ones came from where. They were also both great with cream cheese & smoked salmon.Montreal vs. NY:Both are respectable in their own way. NY counterparts are fluffier & thicker and can be taken more seriously as a meal. Montreal bagels are thinner with more crust to crumb ratio, best eaten as a snack, and I love snacks.Overall, I enjoy all bagels, and refuse to play this silly game of favorites.
5	In the T.V. show The West Wing, the character Josh proclaims, "Bring me the finest muffins and bagels in all the land!" The finest bagels in all the land surely come from St-Viateur (or maybe Fairmount...you can't go wrong with either place). They come hot from the oven at all hours of the day and night. Sadly, I can no longer tolerate cream cheese, but these bagels are so good that they don't even need cream cheese.If ever you travel away from our fair city, bring along a dozen (minus the one you couldn't help but eat on the way out of the store) as a host/hostess gift and you will be a very popular houseguest, I promise. If you ever travel to our fair city from elsewhere, you owe it to yourself to try a bagel at each place, and be sure to get some for the road.
4	The St-Viateur bagel bakery is first of all one of the main tourist attractions in Montreal. People come to live in this city and when they move back to their home country they still talk about the bagels and ask their friends to bring them some when visiting. There is a good reason for it, the bagels have unique taste, but they are really best when consumed warm just right from the wood fired oven of the store.My preferred way to have the bagels is of course with cream cheese and smoked salmon, what happens often, there is a craving in the house for bagels and action: jump in the car, drive up the hill, buy your dozen and drive quickly back home to bring the bagels warm. If you miss some ingredients for this bagel feast, the main ones are available in the bakery's fridge. By the time I'm back my dozen has decreased with one bagel, who can have warm bagels in his hands and stay away from them. Why 4 stars, the store has a variety of bagels, unfortunately most of the times only the classic sesame ones are warm. For whatever reason I can rarely obtain fresh poppy seed bagels, which are favorite for one of my bagel feast partners. Besides that sometimes cold bagels sneak into my bag,  well the oven home is always a back up plan, but I can buy St-Viateur cold bagels in the supermarket....In a nutshell I love this bakery and if I happen to be in the neighborhood I often line up for a bagel goodness.
5	The best bagel in North America!
5	A Montreal institution! A Montreal icon! Impossible to dislike those delicious,soft,warm bagels! Impossible to eat just one! People from out of town make it a point to pull over and pick up a dozen bagels + the great variety of spreads and smoked salmon!
5	St-Viateur bagels would give any NYC bagels a run for their money.  This has to be the best gem in Montreal -- no make that all of Canada!  It really doesn't get any better.We had stopped in at Fairmont bagel first, but luckily decided to walk the extra blocks to get to St-Viateur ouest.Their staff (owners?) on hand when we visited were very friendly and helpful. While they gave "first time visitors" each a free hot bagel, they also recommended a great coffee shop just up the street as well as guiding us how to reach the nearest Metro.  (We never would have known that you need to climb the stairs past the gas station to reach the elevated street section)
5	I have been coming here since I was a kid with my dad. I love the place soo much that I even bought a tee shirt once which I never wear. You have to try eating a bagel straight out of the oven with no cream cheese or butter. Amazing.I also usually buy 3 dozen bagels to take home (to the states). As soon as I get home I slice them in half and freeze them in a zip lock. Great toasted with just butter or with smoked salmon and cream cheese.
5	One of THE MOST HEATED DEBATES in Montreal, which is the superior bagel; ST V's or Fairmount. Both factions are zealously defending and bragging about their respective brands.  Personally I tend to stick to these two shops. The only reason I stepped in here was proximity. If I was closer to Fairmount, this review would be different.  I seriously need to conduct a blind taste test.  Both are great bagels and taste delicious.
4	Cash only. No seating here. Check their other location if you require seating to enjoy their sweet morsels of goodness. The bagels are good. In need of butter and some salt to finish but eating them plain shows me that the texture and consistency is just right. Definitely fewer flavors than Fairmont.  Montreal-style bagels are a must try.
5	There is a reason there is a line up out the door on a Sunday morning: best Montreal bagels. Fresh out of the fire oven is the best time to eat them
5	Before having visited St. Viateur, I'd never thought of Montreal as a mecca for foods of Jewish origin. Before my visit to St. Viateur, "crunchy," "savory," and "tastes better before toasting" were not words I would attribute to bagels.Now that I've been to St. Viateur, and tried their amazing all-coat and sesame bagels, I'm all kind of jacked-up; I can't tell my right from left, I don't know which way is North, and I keep putting my pants on backwards.Okay, I may be slightly exaggerating about having my world turned upside down (except for maybe the pants part), but the bagel experience at St. Viateur is definitely one not to be missed when visiting Montreal; living somewhat close to NYC I've had access to what I'd thought was some of the best bagels this side of the International Date Line had to offer, but St. Viateur's take on the bagel definitely shook up my perception of what a "bagel" should be.I have to admit, however, that these bagels might not be the best choice for making NYC style bagel sandwiches given their smaller relative size to your everyday bagel; since tasting their sesame bagel, I've had dreams where I showed up to St. Viateur with cans of japanese/chinese sweet red beans and tried to recreate some ungodly unkosher sesame balls that they have at dimsum and eat it right in front of the bakers at St. Viateur as they watch on and cry in horror... (you know, because their sesame bagels taste exactly like those fried sesame balls)In either case, great bagels, great pricing, a must-try when visiting Montreal.
5	Was dragged here by a friend who used to live in Montreal and was not disappointed. They have VERY fresh bagels and a very decent price. A wide variety of options to choose from with a wide variety of amounts to buy with. The bagels are a bit on the thick side so if you are looking for something light, you might not be that into these but I love them.
4	Mmmm Montreal bagels!Last time I was in town, I had Fairmount bagels, so this time when hubby was in town, he brought back bagels from the other big bagel place in town, St Viateur. Super fresh, reasonable price, and nice chewy density. I like the poppy seed kind. They give you plastic bags as well if you want to freeze them at home.Only downside is cash only.
4	3.5 stars (rounded up): Here's another New Yorker's perspective. Came in the early afternoon which still had a steady flowing line at that time. I was a bit disappointed to not see an Everything bagel available, so we settled on a Cinnamon Raisin and Sesame. The number of  flavors are slightly lacking, but they have all the basics covered. Overall I'll say their bagels are thinner and aren't as thick and fluffy as I'm used to. If you love bagels, you could probably eat at least 2-3 in one sitting, but the ones here don't quite have that addictive quality, maybe its a timing thing and better off fresh in the AM?  Nevertheless, this place still warrants a tourist visit to draw comparisons or experience a Montreal style bagel, hand-rolled and wood fired.
4	I don't know much about bagels, but I came here because i heard it's the place to get montreal bagels if you are ever in montreal (other than fairmount)I came around 12:30-1 and there was maybe 4 people in line. It was long after I paid though. It's amazing to see authentic bagels made; you see the huge dough pile and a baker cutting it and rolling it. The oven is in front of you and staff are very friendly. There's a wall with lots of newspaper articles with their history. There are fridges with lots of cream cheese options too.I had a matzoh, which is a plain and crispy giant cracker. The flavourful is all from the sesame. Bought two dozen bagels. Bagels are nice and chewy, I guess it depends on your preference of bagels, but I like chewy foods.
4	Really, it's quite a good bagel. And Montreal-style is the better bagel; there's no doubt. But Fairmont has the better bagel. I can't quite put my finger on it exactly, but it does. These are slightly cheaper, so if that's your only concern (it's like a $0.15 difference), then I suppose these would win for you. When you're here, admire the process. It's fun to watch.
2	Obviously, I had to try some Montreal bagels on my first trip to Montreal, it being such a stable of Montreal cuisine! According to online reviews and food blogs, it seemed like the consensus was that Fairmount Bagel was the place to go; however, my friends seemed to think otherwise and were hell-bent on visiting St-Viateur instead. I, being the avid foodie that I am, decided to drag my bf to both of these joints and decide once and for all who made the best bagels in town. Sadly, I must say that St-Viateur was a huge disappointment. At Fairmount, we got deliciously oven-baked, fresh, crispy on the outside, fluffy and warm on the inside, flavor-packed bagels. At St-Viateur, we got hardened, not crispy, not fluffy, cold, bland bagels. My bf ordered a whole wheat and I ordered a rosemary bagel. The whole wheat was a huge disappointment: stale, hard, grainy. I've had better whole wheat bagels in the states! The rosemary was just as much if not even more of a disappointment. The ratio of rosemary to bagel was way off; Rosemary is one of those herbs that overpowers a palate so you don't need much of it to give the bagel a bit of oomfph. This bagel was drenched in rosemary and tasted disagreeable as a result. It was also hard and stale, like the others.My recommendation: trust the consensus and go to Fairmount Bagels instead. There's a reason every notable food blog recommends Fairmount over St-Viateur, and there's a reason why the line at Fairmount was 3 times longer than the one at St-Viateur.Food: 2/5 -- very mehService: 3/5 -- ok, nothing exceptionalAtmosphere: 3/5 -- open and fairly spacious (more so than Fairmount but then again, they had more customers than St-Viateur)Overall: 2.5/5 -- decent but definitely shouldn't be your go-to bagel place in Montreal
5	Generally when I leave New York, I plan on giving up bagels for the duration of my trip. But if Montreal is the world's "other" bagel capital, St-Viateur Bagel is its Washington Monument. Step inside and you'll find a guy feeding bagels into a massive wood burning oven and tossing the finished products into huge bins. Relative to NY bagels, these guys more resemble a 1920s tire with a giant hole in the middle and smaller, flatter edges. While this sounds weird, these bad boys can hold their own with anything I've had back home. Ask for whatever is freshest out of the oven and you'll feel like you're biting into a poppy or sesame covered cloud. While there's no seating at this location, you can pick up some lox and cream cheese and make your own sandwich at home or at the nearby Club Social coffee shop.Recommended: Anything fresh from the oven
3	Everybody told us we had to try a bagel from St.-Viateur or Fairmont bagel, when we planned our trip to Montreal.  So, we stopped at St.-Viateur and had a bagel.  I don't see what all the excitment is about.  It tasted like any other sesame seed bagel I've had here in the states, maybe a little chewier
4	Tasty rosemary and sea salt bagel and cool neighborhood to ride a bike and chill out.
5	Best.Bagels.Ever! I crave them! They say, "Oh the New York bagel... It's so good...yada yada yada"... New York bagels suck! Want a real bagel? This is where it's at! I laugh at shops here in Boston that imitate Montreal bagels, but they don't come close.
5	Come on now... this place is a staple of all things bagel in Montreal.Boiled in honey water before baked in a wood burning oven then cooled for a lil before ending up in my bag, then shortly thereafter, in my belly. I dont even put anything on these bagels, just straight up.... I wouldn't even go anywhere else, if you like bagels and you are in Montreal, this is where you MUST go and I will go EVERY time i'm in that city (and I have every time). DO IT!
5	Fantastic bagel shop that makes great bagels. Pretty cool that they are open 24 hours. Very simple, no frills. I don't see any reason to compare/contrast with New York. The bagels are fantastic and are certainly better than anything I found on the West Coast during my 11 years there. A tip: I tend to go in the mornings so maybe it's different at other times of day, but I have the distinct impression that the sesame (and maybe the poppy and plain) bagels are baked on constant loop, while the all-dressed and rosemary bagels are baked with less frequency. Thus, each morning the sesame bagels were so warm and fresh that it would have been an unconscionable crime to toast them, while the other flavors, though delicious, were not as fresh. So, I would advise getting sesame bagels if you plan on eating them right away, but including all-dressed and rosemary in your order if you're taking some home to toast at a later date.
5	Real good bagel.   Nothing like it in Los Angeles.   Hot and made in front of your eyes.
5	Growing up in New York I've become accustom to great bagels and this place did not disappoint.  You can see the bagels being fired in the wood oven right before you eyes and can even get one pipping hot freshly made. Highly recommend the rosemary bagels, a flavor I had never seen before they were delicious! Staff was very nice too and was patient as we decided what to get.
5	If you want traditional old fashioned Bagels well this is the place!! Immediately after walking in the hardest decision you'll have to make is how many & which flavour! The bagels are super moist & are good to freeze. I make an effort to stop here each time I am in Montreal & in my opinion its worth the Taxi trip-very yummy!!!
4	I grew up in NY and I still think our bagels are the best. But the best bagel I've had outside of NY is definitely here! So soft and delicious, the best bagels in Montreal!
5	This is where a newcomer's journey into bagels should start! Now I know that whatever I used to get in groceries and shops are not what bagel should taste!
5	You must get it here, hot and straight out of the wood fired oven.  Probably one of the best bagels I've ever had.  I had the sesame one.  When they're fresh, they are super soft, light and slightly sweetened.  We had bought some bagels and taken them home to go.  After about 12 hours of sitting around, they're not quite as good.  Fresh is best.
4	Best plain bagels (with sesame seeds).For everything else, I still prefer Fairmount.
5	Ok.  My wife and I are bagel snobs.  We drive 20+ miles at home to get the best bagels.  I've flown back from NYC with three dozen bagels after business trips.   With that being said, St. Viateur bagels rock.  I got the sesame seed, and my wife got the rosemary and sea salt.  They were both excellent, with the right amount of bite and chewiness.  Not to mention out of the oven kind of fresh.  Definitely worth the walk out to the neighborhood.
4	So good! I went to Montreal with a group of friends. We got a recommendation to go here for bagels. As born-and-raised New Yorkers, I can say we are always skeptical about non-NY bagels. But this place exceeded our expectations. Delicious bagels and huge portions. I would definitely recommend it
5	I wish I lived in Montreal so that I could become a regular here. The bagels are supreme! In concurrence with a lot of the reviews on here: the sesame bagel is astounding! Possibly life changing!The overwhelming smell emanating from the building immediately threw me into a food trance breaking me out of my inner grumblings about the salty, dirty snow banks I had to summit and the ice rink sidewalks I had to skate over in order to find this local gem. Upon entry I noticed the bagel conveyor belt dumping hot bagels out of the oven and into public view. I felt instantly justified in my trance as if this strange mechanical display of bagel making was a testament to the possibility that I was about to embark on a brief adventure into some of the best bagels I've ever had. My intuition was correct: these are the best bagels I've ever had... For me, a trip to Montreal from L.A. just for a St. Viateur bagel is well worth it! Forget Patrick Roy, celebrate Montreal through its rich colonial history, Moshe Safdie, Buckminster Fuller, Quebec's astounding cultural independence, and St. Viateur's bagels! I can't wait to return!
4	We trekked up here from the Latin Quarter on our second day in Montreal. We arrived just after a huge tour group and got 6 everything bagels and a little tub of Liberte cream cheese, then hiked up to Mount Royal and picnicked.My experience was probably tainted by the fact that my lips were so chapped from the wind that it was hard to open my mouth and eat the bagels... That notwithstanding, the bagels were yummy, unique, and a must-do for anyone visiting Montreal!
5	best bagels in town. no more to say
4	Good bagels, just don't expect to be able to sit down, as it's takeaway only.
5	St-Viateur Bagel needs no introduction, if you know anything about food and Montreal. These are the BEST bagels in the whole wide world. One of the things I miss most about Montreal (another being Bixi).St-Viateur is open 24/7 so if your in town, it's a must visit. This place is where magic happens. Bring CASH! Watch the bagel wizards work their magic.  Everything is made from scratch and something I like to call bagel love.Lucky for me, I got a special delivery of 4 dozen bagel straight from the source. I can't begin to explain how good they SMELLED. I wanted to devour a dozen straight up (yes, I've been craving Montreal bagels in case you were wondering). Anyways, enough chat, this is what my special bagel package consisted of:- Sesame bagels ($7.75 for a dozen) - original is da best.- All dressed ($9.60 for a dozen)- Multi-grain ($9.60 for a dozen)- Cinnamon raisin ($9.60 for a dozen)Pro bagel tip - make sure to slice the bagels in half before you store them in your freezer. Then you are good to go! Hope these last me longer than a week. CASH only!
3	Being a visitor of Montreal, I had to make a stop for their bagels. Our first choice of cinnamon raisin wasn't available, so we opted for the seedless. If you're from the USA, bagels in Canada are thinner and sweeter. St. Viateur makes some good bagels. We ordered half dozen, some to bring home. One thing I didn't like, and it's possibly we didn't get a good batch, but our bagels got hard quick. You will never find a 24 hour bagel shop in the States or people eating bagels plain without any cream cheese like you do here. Another positive, they are relatively affordable as there is no additional 15% tax! If these is (and it is just added in the price), than these bagels are cheaper than the average prices in the US!! Cash only!
4	Delicious, freshly baked bagels at a great price. Don't let the long lines fool you - the service is fast and you'll be walking out with your Montreal bagels in no time!
5	I'd read about the famous Montreal bagels for some time, and finally got around to trying these out. Totally lived up to the hype, I could've devoured 3 of them all in one sitting. I wanted to try all of the flavors, or buy some to take away back to the States.I got the sesame bagel and it didn't disappoint. Hot, the right amount of chewy & softness and the sesame had a great nutty taste. You don't even need to slather it with cream cheese or add egg, or anything else to mask the flavor. It's great just on its own - I inhaled the whole thing inside the store. Totally affordable at 70 cents - you can't get fresh bagels like that, for that price, in the States.Stand there and watch them make everything from scratch - from the dough being cut, boiled, etc. There's nothing better than eating something that has been perfected after many years, fresh out of the oven. Open 24/7, there's no excuse not to go here. I'll definitely be back. Don't miss this if you're visiting from out of town or you live there.Cash only, but they will take American dollars.
