4	Bunky Boutique is a new boutique open on Roosevelt Row. Bunky features a mix of national brands and local designers in an intimate remodeled house. The shop has a good selection of clothes for both men and women as well as jewelry and an assortment of accessories. Bunky had a launch party on Saturday, September 8th that was well attended and is hopefully a sign of many events to come. Go check it out and support a real independent downtown Phoenix business
4	Fabulous clothes. Amazing dresses. Tons and tons of stuff that are gorgeous. It is a little pricey but definitely worth it. The location is amazing and so are the people working there.
5	It's called Bunky, which rhymes with funky, which is a great description of this, off the beaten path, semi-new downtown fashion, jewelry, all around cool shop.Housed in the alley behind its address, if you take the time to find it, it will likely pay off.Rachel (sp?) the owner, ultra cute, and full of charm, much like her shop.Great place for cool gifts and cool fashions.
5	This place is awesome, exactly what Phoenix needs. They have cool clothes by local and hip vendors, like RVCA. They have tshirts, jackets, hats, dresses, jewelry, all things that you won't come across just anywhere. That is the great thing, it is independent and not your run of the mill clothing store, the stuff is actually cool. Not to mention is a locally owned.The prices are high, but hey, it is stuff you won't find just anywhere and I don't feel bad about supporting a local business that is part of a great cultural change in downtown.Drop in on First Friday and check them out.
5	Where do I begin?  Bunky is rad -- plain and simple.  It's an edgy urban boutique in a small hidden storefront in the backyard of a house in Roosevelt Row.  If you're a guy and you have a penchant for RVCA (jeans and tees), kick ass hats and fedoras ($50), branded tees from Alternative, Spraygraphic and Phoenician, or wacky cheeky tees featuring an argyle pattern, one with a skater Saddam, or a mustachio tee purchased by my dear Bonnie G -- then this place is for you.  Sign me up!Oh yes, and the ladies gear is every bit as cheeky, edgy and urban --like the 80s army pattern mini-skirt with chiffon fringe.
5	bunky provides something unique downtown that i desire. there is a small selection, hence boutique, but it is all amazing. my first visit was at least an hour, going through each item of clothing, each with its own personality. the accessories are amazing.
4	I'm a sucker for funky, hidden, hole-in-the-wall places like this.  When I was out and about on Roosevelt being all cultured and looking at art and such, this place (right by Eye Lounge) drew me in like a magnet.  They showcase all kinds of unique little treasures- hairclips, purses, jewelry, and crazy funky clothes!  There are definitely things here that you wouldn't be able to find anywhere else.  Unfortunately, whenever you find such unique items, you're also likely to find high prices!  So, although you can find crazy stuff like tutu-skirts and Silence-of-the-Lambs-inspired hairclips here, be prepared to fork over a decent amount of dough!
5	Bunky is a great little shop that you probably wouldn't find unless you were looking for it specifically, but would be happy to have found if you did. The owner Rachel (who is super super cute, more than willing to answer questions and make suggestions, and is very knowledgeable about the area) stocks her store with a lot of small label clothing (mostly for women), some cool artist-made jewelry, cool fedoras and trilbys and other hats, and purses including HOBO brand.   There is a huge rack of cool t-shirts too including kid robot which I think is pretty cool. Some of the pricing may seem a little high, but if you found a lot of the stuff she sells elsewhere, you'd realize her pricing is really good. If you're in the area for First Friday or happen by another time, give this place a try.
5	Lovey love love this boutique. Finally checked it out on a First Friday, of all nights, even though I regularly stop at Roosevelt right next door. The clothes are incredibly cute but just too expensive for me to justify buying. Not like Urban Outfitters expensive and cute though - at least this stuff is unique and good quality, so if I had an extra $90 lying around, I would totally buy myself a sweater or shirt or that darling pea green corduroy a-line skirt with the swallow patch. I love the dresses, but a hundy on a dress will have to wait til I get a raise (boo salary freeze/recession). However, the jackets were incredibly reasonably priced, around $100-150 and again, very cut. Men's clothes - not totally my taste, a lot of JT style hats and button down shirts ala martini ranch "I'm dressed up!"But, I can afford the jewelry, and oh it is cute, cute, cute. Picked up a five-piece, simple silver toned ring for $6 - yeah, you heard me, $6 - and I get compliments on it all the time. Also picked up a nice little silver feather necklace for the sister for xmas and she loved it. The sis had seen one at U.O. or something for like $29, but I got her the one every girl at HH *won't* have for $18. AND, i can say about the men's selection is that I LOVE the hand-screen-printed (can you hand screen print? Does that makes sense) ties ($30)! In bright jewel tones like peacock blue, hot pink and lime green, with awesome prints like an octopus ... or a bicycle. Bought one for the BF for xmas and gave it to him early so he could wear it at his friend's xmas party and it was a hit! Very unique and incredibly stylish - and I'm a winner cause I'm the cool ass GF that got it for him. Everybody wins!!!I was going to give four stars, but how cool is shopping before hh at the Roosevelt? I'll tell you - very effin' cool. Another star and BB is outta this world! Ow!
4	Admittedly, I don't buy much when I visit Bunky, because I am a cheap bastard, but I do drool quite a bit. Cute cute clothes from independent and local designers. If you don't mind spending some hefty bucks on your wardrobe, Bunky can help and you'll look fantastic. Bunky makes me wish I weren't such a tightwad.
4	I always go in here on first friday, but went for the first time on a 'regular' day recently. I love this place. One, because it does what a lot of great places in Phoenix do well - lives downtown, in a beautiful, old home, and is classy but unpretentious. Two, because their stuff is (yes pricey, but) adorable. I got a dress on sale here the other day that I love - handmade by a couple in Canada. The woman working was wonderful. Their jewelry is definitely affordable and certainly adorable as well. I think a perfect Phoenix day could include a stop into Bunky and a glass of wine with a boursin salad at the Roosevelt next door. Sigh, bliss.
4	My friends and I noticed Bunky Botique and had to check it out.  Bunky offers a great selection of unique jewelery in a wide price range as well as fashions for men, women and babies. (How could you not love a tiny room filled with tutus and baby suits?)  If you enjoy shopping at unique botiques Bunky should be on your list!
5	Excellent customer service mixed with amazing clothes!  I love it when I go shopping and the owner of the store assists you with a smile, let's you shop without hovering over you and makes excellent recommendations that you missed!!I found so many cute clothes - - it was hard to restrain myself from spending all my money!!  Items are moderately priced but worth it when you consider you are supporting a local entrepreneur and the independent, local designers that sell their clothes there on consignment.  I'll definitely be back soon!  I hope they still have this cute jacket I didn't buy . . .yikes!
5	This is the type of place that Phoenix needs more of.  Their selection of clothing is great for both Men and Women.  I stopped in here on a First Friday right before our Arizona Winter came along.  I spotted a bright mustard yellow 3 button, 3/4 sleeve flouncy jacket.  I couldn't live without it.  It was soft and cozy but PERFECT for Arizona weather.  I bought it immediately, lending 110 dollars to our local economy.  I have worn this thing non-stop for the past few months.  Point being the clothes here are very high quality, fashion forward, but not trendy.  They don't stock a lot of everything, so you don't end up seeing every girl on the street looking just like you.  Plus, the owners are great.  Bunky, thanks for making Downtown Phoenix your home.
4	This place is adorable! Tucked away in a house next door to The Roosevelt is this fabulous little spot. They have a variety of men's, women's, and children's clothes as well as various accessories. It's very clean, organized, and the staff are friendly. I really like that many of the clothes are very simple and classic and not too bohemian (which I seem to find a lot of in places similar to Bunky). I have already fell in love with the fabulous clutch by Hobo. The gal that was working showed me hers after 4 years of wear and tear and it still looked in decent shape!  Now I just need to raise the $92 to make it mine and then see if I can manage to decide on a color!
4	Fantastic local shop filled with all unique clothes. I purchased a necklace which i haven't taken off since. I will be back to see whats new on pay day. The owner is a sweet gal who was very friendly and helpful. If you love fashion and want to enjoy some local fun visit Bunky Boutique.
5	love this place. i worked on a project with their store once in college and thought i probably should check this place out before i work on it..ended up buying about 5 pieces of jewelry. they have the best selection of little dresses for women and my boyfriend even enjoyed the guy section [he is hard to impress.] i highly suggest this place if you like unique accessories and clothing.
5	Bunky Boutique is simply ah-maze-ing :) First off, this little house looks like it was remodeled and designed by HGTV's finest (no joke!). I love how they have kept all the walls up in the house and divided each room into a different sections. This place is trendiness with a capital T. Everything in here is fashion at it's best, and best of all it's from REAL and local designers. The accessory selection is among the best in Phoenix. It is a little on the pricey side, but not too pricey that one cannot afford. The service was great, the lighting and atmosphere was pretty chill. I'll definitly be returning ;)
5	Bunky is the kind of store you wander into expecting to browse and walk out with something. Great mix of prices, unique items, and fun "yard" sales. The owner is very attentive, so much so that her vibe makes me want to buy something, even when I know I don't need to. :)
5	Every time I come to Phoenix Bunky is my first stop! Great designers, reasonable prices, and friendly helpful staff. Love, love, love it. Their new space is incredible! Stop by...
5	The newest location is the best so far! The design is so much more appealing and a better fit than the previous locations. And, super awesome that the store is connected to a new coffee spot.
4	New location and branding graphics, so most of the pics that are on here are outdated now.The way the new Bunky and Giant Coffee integrate yet separate their space is truly unique - i love it.  I can't muster a single bad word about Bunky except that I wish they sourced a little more from Arizona designers.  But the stuff they carry is fun, varied (more so for women than men), and comfortable.  The girl working was nice and struck the right balance between helpful and hands-off.  I don't know if that's a guy-thing or a me-thing, but it was something I definitely noticed.  I'll now make a point to stop in here every few months to see what's new.
5	I love Bunky and their new space! They are located in the same building as Giant Coffee and have a cute layout. I love the clothing they carry and the awesome accessories. I know when I'm looking for something more unique I can find it here. There is plenty of variety to choose from for ladies, although the men's could have a little more. I love it!
5	Bunky is an "it" place for me, and the new location really shows the evolution of the shop from its tiny beginnings. Rachel's inventory is unique, fun, hip and charming all at once, and that goes for both men and women. Paired alongside Giant Coffee, Bunky Boutique is a must-see/must-shop in Phoenix!
3	I visited Bunky in the new shop by Giant Coffee, but I have been a fan of the boutique in its various manifestations.  I love the style and the selection.  It has evolved over the years.  It is now more sophisticated and understated than when it was on Roosevelt Row.  That works for me.  I especially enjoy the accessories and the friendly yet relaxed service.  The ambiance at Bunky is decidedly hip and urban.  Merchandise is on the pricey side, but not prohibitively so.  The quality of the items I've purchased has been excellent.  I am happy to see more skirts and dresses on the hangers these days.  If you're in the market for something hip and unique, you're likely to find it at BunkyOn the down side, parking seems pretty minimal.
4	After lunch at Thai Hut, my husband suggested getting coffee next door at Giant Coffee. A) I had no idea Giant Coffee was next door and B) I was tickled pink that Bunky was next door, as well. I had heard alot of good things but had no clue where it was located. What a nice surprise! I loved the unique space and how the owner made use of the small corner. Very creative use. I was pleasantly surprised at the well-priced merchandise. Very cute stuff, too. I saw quite a few tops, cardigans and dresses from $28-$60.  The jewelry was reasonable, as well. My husband and I fell in love with a gold owl ring with large clear, stone eyes, a stretchy band and very sparkly. It was $12 along with the rest of their rings. I especially liked their retro-style ring that was a cassette tape. Probably would have been perfect for the 90's Yelp party at Bliss/reBar. There was a silver owl necklace that I loved that the hubby talked me out of getting. I think I am going to go back and get it. It was $18, I think. Again, very reasonable. There were several other things I liked by the front register. I want to go back with more time. Definitely a fan!
4	This great boutique is located in the same building as Giant Coffee, and like Giant, is a good place to spend time & money!I was looking for some Easter basket filler, and since buying clothes for a woman is tricky at best, I chickened out and went with a gift card, along with a random little ring shaped like a audio tape. The employee (maybe owner?) was super friendly and helped make the gift card look great by wrapping it, and really went above and beyond in being helpful and nice, when this wasn't the biggest sale of the day.In looking around, Bunky offers a lot of interesting and cool looking items for men and women. I am told that the clothes are similar to what you might find at Anthropologie (that didn't help me, or prob. most guys, but maybe that helps you)In closing, grab a tasty drink from Giant, then go shop at Bunky. Cool selection, great customer service, and supporting local businesses. Win-win!
4	This place is cool because it is connected and open to Giant Coffee.  The boutique is small but it has some amazing things.  Their jewelry is beautiful and fun...I found a bag in there that I would have wanted to buy, but I am on a strict no credit card use rule...hahaha...i do not want to go into debt!  The clothing selection is limited, but what they have is great!  They have my favorite brand of candles in the Volcano scent its the greatest scent ever!!!!  The girl that was working there was sweet and I hope!  They have merchandised this store so well so they are doing a great job!  The aroma of the candles and coffee are FABULOUS!!!
4	I have two skirts I bought from here almost 4 years ago...I've worn them a lot...almost incessantly while I was preggers--and they are still in great shape!  So, Bunky has good quality clothing worth spending your money for!  And, while their clothing is geared to a smaller crowd, the owner is cognizant of it and was more than happy to order a larger size in a different color for me--yea!
4	This little local shop is truly a "hidden" gem because it's found in a coffee shop! Well, it's technically next door to the coffee shop, but still a little hard to find. However, once you do, you'll leave with bags full of goodies! Bunky Boutique sells unique accessories, jewelry and clothes for women, men and even babies! I especially love their jewelry because it's one of a kind and reasonably priced so it's a perfect gift. I also love their baby clothes because they sell little onesies with ties on them. It's the perfect baby shower gift! Bunky Boutique is quaint and cool. I like to grab a cup of coffee at Giant Coffee and then browse the racks of Bunky Boutique. Mind you, it's not big. In fact, it's quite tiny. However, that's the charming part about this shop because it truly is a boutique that's filled with adorable finds.
5	Bunky always has an interesting selection of clothing, jewelry and accessories at a reasonable price point. Everyone who works there is friendly and helpful if you want help but are also happy to let you browse. They also sell via their website. What else could you ask for?!
5	Super cute boutique! Love the one on one help you get when trying to make a decision. Descent guy selection also!
3	Quirky and small boutique in central Phoenix.  I think I would have liked it better had I not felt so incredibly cramped.  Still a cute little shop that I might pop back into, I just have a hard time getting past the claustrophobia of shopping in it.
5	Pretty much my favorite phoenix boutique. The most amazing staff and great, unique pieces. There are lots of local designer items in both jewelry and clothes. I'm also loving all the Arizona t-shirts. They have a regular rotation of new items always coming in which also means, unlike most stores, the sales racks can still equal great finds and not just reject items. This is my go-to place for one of kind items and great gifts.
5	I'm a husband, a son, and a brother of a sister.This is my go-to spot anytime I need to find a gift for a birthday, an anniversary, Mother's Day, etc.The staff is extremely friendly -- the furthest thing from pushy -- and always equipped with recommendations.You can never be too presumptuous, but I assume I'd shop here even more often if I were of the female kind. (That said, their men's selection, though small, looks pretty awesome too; I've just been on a mission for someone else each time I've been in, so I haven't browsed it all that extensively.)Shop local. Support this place.
3	I really love Bunky. I love the jewelry and the Arizona supplies. Everyone is amazingly friendly. I would say my only disappointment is that I can't find any clothing here. The women's clothing is for a very small person. I really wish they would have more diverse sizing, especially in their basic women's t-shirts. It would be lovely to be able to buy more than jewelry and men's t-shirts because I love it all! The lack of plus sized options is the only thing keeping me from shopping here more regularly.
4	Very nice boutique (and cafe), yet much smaller and pricier than we expected.
4	A little pricey but a great spot to find special Arizona-styled gifts, especially if you like supporting local businesses.
