5	The staff here is friendly and efficient.  They literally take care of everything for you when it comes to packaging your items and getting them sent off!  This will definitely be my go to place from now on for all of my shipping needs.
5	I work next door to here...Howard (the owner i believe) is awesome !!! Not only do I take all our business needs there I also take my personal.He is fair, friendly and literally does it all for you.I will always go here for my and my works shipping and general office needs
5	I've been coming here for over 2 years now. Howard and Chris are so nice and helpful, even when I stop by just to mail things and don't buy anything they actually make $ from! When I do have them pack and ship things for me, they do a great job packing everything carefully, and I can trust them that it will get sealed up and sent out on time. I've sent some very big, expensive shipments with them and they've never let me down! They also do great printing and binding. Highly recommended!! =)
5	I keep telling them every time I go there they are the best but they don't believe me ..  Great people. Excellent service..
5	Great staff & customer service.  A true gem in the southwest.  I send all my packages there!
5	Dec 22nd, I had to ship packages out to my family across the globe, never thought they did international shipping but they do!It was confusing but the sweet helpful lady I had made my worries melt away. She helped me fill out the paperwork & slip. Her confidence made it much easier on me (nerves were getting to me).I wanted to make sure they got the package before I typed up a review. It arrived today, 3 days sooner than I expected!!  Two weeks to send a 5lb. package to a different country? I was floored it made it there without trouble. Cost me under $60 to ship to Western Europe but hearing from my family made me smile this morning.Great service. Better than driving to the nearest Post office down by where we USED to live (Russell RD & Buffalo). Saved me time & money.I'll be back next year (probably earlier so it makes it by xmas)!
