3	Los 7 Compadres has a variety (20) of combination platters for about 7 bucks.  Between my wife and I we had 7 items on our combination platters, which we shared.  7 has been a recurring number for us starting with the OYE at Malee's.  Including the rice and beans, the sour cream and the guacamole this gave us an astounding number of possible combinations for each bite.  A bite of chicken enchilada.A bite of chicken enchilada with rice.A bite of chicken enchilada with beans.A bite of chicken enchilada with guacamole.A bite of chicken enchilada with sour cream.A bite of chicken enchilada with rice and beans.A bite of chicken enchilada with guacamole, rice and beans.A bite of chicken enchilada with sour cream, rice and beans.A bite of chicken enchilada with sour cream, rice, beans and guacamole.Play this out again with the burrito, cheese enchilada, tamale, beef enchilada, bean enchilada, etcetera.  All of the food was good.  Portions were generally large.  I found the tamales to be the least satisfying item.  They were a bit dry and the dominant flavor was just the spice of jalapeno.Note-even the mild here has a real bite.  Overall I'd give them 3.5 stars.  Good enough for a return trip.
1	yuck! I'd actually rather eat Taco Bell then go to this place again. I got take-out from here the other day (beef taco and cheese enchilada combo) and it was not good AT ALL. The taco shell was store bought cardboard, not freshly fried and authentic and the beef was ground beef, not authentic shredded beef. It also had the tiniest sprinkling of shredded cheese and lettuce. The cheese in the enchilada was all rubbery and solid by the time I got home and ate it  (mind you I only live 5 min. away). The rice n beans were nothing to call home about. Definitely not authenic mexican food and definitely not worth your money. Will not return!
4	This is a FAMILY owned and operated business! So few and far between here in AZ. The recipes are homemade, and the Cheese Dip is amazing!  I am very happy with everything I've tried at Los Siete (it was started by 7 friends, which is what the name translates to "The 7 Friends") The portions are generous for the price... my husband and I can get 2 meals, margaritas for $20.The staff is very friendly, and the food is made with love. Very happy to be a proud patron of Los 7 Compadres.
1	I agree with one reviewer, skip it and hit Taco Bell or Del Taco. Those places are way more mexican than that this place (scary to say). The chips are Ok but the salsa is like Catsup. Had the fajitas, way to greasy!! Beans are dried out and paste like, seem to be from a can. Not great service either waited forever for drink refills and one meals was super late too. I love Mexican food and this place is far from even Americanized Mexican food like Serranos or Casa Blanca, it's way worse! I would skip this place and find something else to eat. Sorry....7 friends not so good.
5	Most authentic mexican food I have tried in Gilbert. Definately our new SPOT. Food is delicious, portions are good sized and workers are super nice!
1	Even Garcia's is better than this dive!! In 20 years of living in Arizona, this was the WORST Mexican food ever. My chimichanga (which is hard to screw up, by the way) was soggy, runny, and cold. Customer service was horrible. The waiter didn't return to refill drinks at all. One person in our party didn't receive their food -- we had to flag someone down and by the time he received it, everyone else had been finished with their food for 10 minutes. Don't waste your time or money. Try Cantina Laredo at San Tan Village or La Parilla Suiza.
1	Poor service.  Took forever for waiter to ask us what we wanted, then a long time to get the food.  Waited one hour for a mediocre torta. Wife had grilled chicken 7 compas and said it wasnt good. There are way better mexican places than this with much better service.
4	Small place in a stip mall, but it's cozy with good food!  Decent amount of tables to sit at, but I opted for carryout.  The carne asada burrito is huge, so I really didn't need the cheese quesadilla that I also ordered.  Make sure you ask for extra red sauce on the side(they gave me a whole cup and I am still sweating as I'm typing this).  Very good meal at a decent price.I'll be back!
