5	I really enjoyed eating at this place. It's right by Concordia University. The prices are reasonable and the food was delicious. I had the shawarma and it was amazing. I ordered it with the roasted potatoes and it came with this garlic creamy sauce that was absolutely to die for.
3	I didn't like their food at all. Maybe because I was comparing it to the Persian food I normally have here in Toronto. I ordered the mixed plate (1 Beef Kebab Skewer, and 1 Chicken Skewer) along with my friend who ordered the same thing. Although fresh the food lacked taste. The prices were decent at $11.99 for the platter. The place was packed and family oriented on the Saturday evening. The decor was interesting here and was what lured us to this place from the pictures on their website. I had the lentil soup that came with the pita (as the pre-meal option between soup or salad). Ironically I ordered this by accident, since I couldn't understand his french accent when he asked me for soup or salad I heard do you want the "super-salad" and affirmed it. Later I discovered what I had ordered. This was not a negative though as I was open to trying new things. Their pita was your regular pita cut up (not warmed up). Normally in persian restaurants in Toronto they make you fresh naan style breads here when they serve you a platter for $11.99. Nonetheless this place was one of our experiences in Montreal.
2	Mixed kabab plate should be renamed, "bland indifference plate."  Though the rice, tomato and the kebabs looked very good, everything lacked flavor.  (It was like eating with a condom on my tongue.)
4	I like the food here. Been here twice and it was good both times. My wife used to go to Concordia, so she loves this place. Came here for dinner and got a chicken shawarama plate. Very big and fresh and tasty. The price was fair too. I wish it was seasoned a little bit more, but still pretty decent. I always get the poutine here as well and it was okay. Everything is halal so that is a plus. Will definitely come back.
4	I LOVE the food here. I used to go to Concordia and had a Lebanese friend in the area who introduced me to this place otherwise I would have never dared step inside.Seems like a lot of students and middle eastern diners come here. I've been a few times and can't ever recall seeing much mixed ethnicities. Chateau Kabab doesn't branch out to the whole population I find, and even when I brought my caucasian friends, their first impression was with raised eyebrows.They had a makeover in recent years although it is still by no means a fancy place, despite the nice walls, gold touches and lighting - it's more fast foody.I've had their Okra and Fasolia dishes, which are kind of like beef chili and bean stews in tomato soup, served with basmati rice, pita breads and salad. You get all that for around 11$. Portions are generous.It's a delicious hearty meal made with simple ingredients, I can't picture anyone not liking this dish.When I came with my boyfriend he ordered meat skewers or kabads, did not enjoy it, and never wanted to come back.I would recommend for a simple lunch, they also do delivery. No frills, no complaint kind of place. Tasty food and very affordable prices.The do have a website complete with menu and prices http://www.chateaukabab.com/index.php
4	Delicious shawarma - if not the best shawarma I've ever had. We got the mixed platter with chicken and beef. So tasty and the garlicey hummus rocks! The green salad that comes with it is also amazing. I wish I lived in Montreal so I can eat here more often. One of the best and the busyness of this place proves the food here is delicious!
4	Outstanding kebob and shawarma. some of the best in city. Thats a lot for a city with dozens of choices in a few blocks
4	We had the beef koubideh which was very good. I also liked the lentil soup.
3	Good food and very filling, but I prefer Afghan kabob.The lentil soup is yummy, but not the best I've ever tasted.Go here if you're hungry and need a kabob fix.
2	Good service, food was mediocre. The pita bread seemed to be old and smelled funky. Wouldn't go back to eat there again. There are plenty of places around the area and would try something new. Saint Alexandre has plenty, just don't go here.
5	Amazing food and great location! I absolutely love the lentil soup that they have and also a few other dishes. The bread is just average, but other things are great. The average meal portion is great too. It is very reasonably priced and the service is very adequate. I went here for dinner when I was hungry and my stomach was quite satisfied after the meal. I really recommend the lamb dish, lentil soup or chicken shawarma.
4	My tour of food in Montreal continues w some tasty middle eastern fare. Loved the koobideh and the hummous. Of course the rice was delicious. Perfect for lunch!
4	My bf has eaten here so many times that I think I know the menu by heart. Food is good, service isn't bad, place is quite large.
4	I had dinner here last night, and I am already planning my next visit. I had the chicken and spicy lamb kafta combo. The plate arrived with a side of simple yet delicious white basmati rice. The meat was juicy and tasty.  In terms of tenderness, it was the chocolate of cooked kabab. Soft in my mouth while energizing my taste bites, the texture and the spices were unforgettable. As an appetiser, we had the equally savoury bowl of okra with tomato sauce. Ever since my visit here, my stomach has been growling for more.
5	The food is halal so its a more ethical appropriate place to eat meat. The serving are generous. The waiters are attentive   I love the gold and white decor.  The bathrooms are clean. Part of the kitchen is visible. There is a decent seafood option. If you are dinning in . I suggest to have tea before the meal and to ask for some lemon.  I had the fish options . salmon and tilapia and they were both great. I prefer the Dahl soup over the salad. I feel the rice is better than the fries . The dessert options are also a good option . I like this restaurant because upstairs is nice and quiet which gives me a break from the crazy downtown lifestyle .
