5	There are moments in our lives that are so special, we want to remember them forever... birthdays, weddings, pregnancy, anniversaries, reunions, or just a perfect simple family day.  My latest precious moment have all come from my 1st pregnancy.  It's been so amazing to watch my body change for my lil baby and I wanted to capture it on film.  Sure, I have a million photos of the last 8 months but, I wanted some that were beautiful and taken by a professional photographer. haha  Don't tell my friends... their photos are great, just mostly amateur and typical. Well, through friend of a friend connections, I met Audra Little.  She's a Phoenix/Glendale based photographer who specializes in capturing special moments with newborns, babies, children and their families and most importantly... baby bellies!!!  haha She does many special events such as engagements, weddings, senior portraits, etc.  She's also taken pictures for a couple of my friends so I always see her work hanging on their walls when I visit them. :)We met last weekend for a photo session and she was so nice to work with... photography is her passion!  She had great ideas and props for the photos (blankets, letter blocks, etc) but also ask me to bring some personal stuff, like a pair of little shoes that I plan to have my baby wear.  I also took special baby blankets that family made and a lil teddy bear that one of my best friends gave me for him.  So cute!Over a few hours, we shot both inside and outside photographs... the day was so beautiful.  We tried some new things and shot traditional pics, too.  It was a lot of fun.  I'd definitely recommend Audra for your photography needs and I plan to go back to her when my baby gets here!Side Note: Now that I've had a photo shoot (first since senior pictures), I also think it'd be awesome to have a photographer with you for random, nothing days... just to capture unique moments. :)See ya there!
5	Absolutely awesome!! My wedding was just this past Friday and cant wait to get the photos!! She's just great to work with.  On time, professional, pictures are perfect.  I've had xmas pictures done and my daughter's senior pictures done w/ her in the past as well and LOVED THEM!  Highly recommend!
