5	You guys are GR8 & u really try.  (Luv the new decor & renovations, btw).  I am sorry,  I cannot recall everyone's name, but Scott in Wine & Liquors always so bery helpful.Gary in Meat  never misses an opportunity to shout to customers (from behind the meat counter) HOW ARE YOU! can I help with anything?!  They guys in produce, the check-out, the baggers. (Did I mention other staff members find & seek you, ask if you need anything, and when you do will actually WALK you to what you are looking for? ie: marshmellows, they r hard to find!! so they don't just go, "o asile 15, or possibly 13... last i ch'd")   I will have to make a mental note & recall specific names to re-write this review & give thanks to those specifiaclly deserving.   BTW, no one has dry ice - these guys do!! (very handy for fun, martinis, pool parties :-)
3	Very Clean store. But I guess when you're paying about 300% more than you would anywhere else, the place can afford it. The people in the front are pretty friendly. There is a lady in the deli, she is pretty friendly/talkative. There are people who mill around the store wearing name tags, they are not friendly or polite.I just cannot get over how expensive safeway is.
3	I visit this location to pick up some groceries and supplies for the house.  It has a good selection of products and the employees are friendly.  The only thing I don't like about it is that it's not open late.Return Factor - 65%
4	Friendly employees and a great selection of products. Ex: I bought a bag of all natural sweet potato chips here for about a dollar less than Whole Foods. I looked for the same chips at another Safeway and they didn't have it! My husband also finds great deals on meat here. I'll send him to Safeway to get one thing and he comes back with two full bags of meat and the excuse "but babe, it was 50% off!" I also LOVE the Pub sandwich from the deli. Downside: not open 24 hours, but I still don't know of any in Arizona that are...
5	This location is 5 minutes from my home, so yes it's easy to get to for me. There is adequate parking, although during prime time after work hours it is packed!! I normally venture out at the crack o dawn. The store recently had it's grand re opening after it's remodel was completed. I knew where everything was...for the most part. Now I'm relearning the store. The staff has always been friendly but now they are over the top! Everyone has a smile and engages in small talk. The store is amazingly clean (remodel just finished), hopefully it will remain so. The cashiers understand and execute Safeway's coupon policy flawlessly. I have never had a problem and I use coupons everytime I enter the store. The only ones that have caused a slight bump are the reduced price in store meat coupons. Even those are working better after the remodel. I'm glad this store meets my needs and is pleasurable to shop in. It makes shopping so much easier when the store and employees care about their customers. Thanks Safeway! Also love the JUST FOR U program!!
5	This store goes above and beyond in customer service!  There is always someone available to show me where a certain item is.  Why would anyone go to Frys where  you could literally die in an aisle and no one would find you for days - there has never been any employee to help me, ever!!  If you could ever get someone to ask a question to, they just point to where you're supposed to fine it.  At Safeway they always ask, "May I show you where it is?"  I'll gladly pay a little extra to get the best customer service.  My time is worth something.
1	Compared to Frys this place is awful. I don't know if other Safeways are like this but I don't wanna find out from what I experience here. The store looks bleak after being remodeled. And the employees got worse. The ones I've dealt with lately seem to be annoyed and irritable. One person at Customer Service counter named Jessica (on receipt) usually has an attitude and looks harassed. There's another scary old guy with graying hair that only acts nice towards older shoppers. Sure that's fine, but he's not as accommodating if you look under 30. The only person in any grocery store I've shopped at within AZ that acts this frigid. I heard him tell a little 18 year old girl she could't bring her tiny puppy inside (huddled inside a bag) just because it bothered him. Nobody that's shopping I know ever cares about that. I'm sire a 50 year old would've gotten a pass from him. Some of the most horrible service since dealing with my car dealership and that's saying a lot.
4	It's definitely not Fry's on Shae & Tatum, but it is still very good for a grocery store.  I like to go here for the sandwiches.  Safeway sandwiches are better than Jimmy John's down the hall.
3	Not a bad place to shop at, the only downside is that the store isn't a 24-hour store.  They have a lot of alcoholic beverages and usually have a great price for it.  I only come here when they have a lot of dairy/deli products for sale.  Good place, but I still prefer Fry's any day over Safeway.
3	I'm not a big fan of this grocery store, I find the selection small and the prices high compared to other grocery stores., but I still come here on occasion because of the proximity. I am rarely ever intrigued by the meat and seafood counter which is ridiculous since I'm on the Paleo bandwagon and those are my main food group options. Even the prepackaged meats are not that appetizing, but when I am in bind - say when I thaw two steaks and come home to find my husband ATE BOTH, I will come here and grab something. The Deli section is probably my favorite area because of the huge sandwiches you can get for a reasonable price. You will also find the rotisserie chickens in this area along with a sushi station.From the bakery section, I have only ever gotten caramel apples which were decent, but it is few and far between that they are even available. I do appreciate the pretty flower section in the produce department although I have never purchased any items from there, its still nice to look at. The store itself is always clean with a full Starbucks inside and the staff again are either hit-or-miss. Every time I have been here there only seems to be one check-out cashier present so most of the time I end up going to one of the four self-check out stations which is a huge negative for me. If I wanted to play cashier, I would revert back to age 6 with my Fisher Price plastic check-out stand!Bottom line: its a grocery store, you can get the necessities here, but if you need any speciality items or higher quality health food items you are out of luck.
1	this is the review of starbucks not safeway. i love the grocery store with exceptions of some very unfriendly workers.the starbucks is soooo bad. i always always always recieve an eye roll or attitude from the barista. its so disrespectful representing starbucks like that. once i asked for my recipt amd the barista was so unhelpful it was ridiculous. they cant even heat up any pastries. i will only go here for an iced latte but even then i really dont like the attitude.very bad.
