4	Melting pot is overpriced, but other than the sticker shock that comes inevitably with the check, it's a great restaurant and an excellent concept. I've had a few great dates here (even better when I'm not paying!), and it's also a lot of fun for families. It's neat to watch the staff mix the ingredients up, and the food is always delicious. It's a lot of fun and interactive, and my 5 year old niece always enjoys herself when we go here. It's her second favorite after the Japanese steakhouse style of entertainment eating. Also, the desserts are absurd and outrageous and amazing. Don't leave without eating one.To keep the sticker shock down, try not to let the staff upsale you with beer or wine. They make a great case, and sometimes forget to mention the price of what you're ordering.
4	While I like the Melting Pot, I just can't help but be amazed at the place.You go in and order a plate of uncooked food and watch someone come and put together a pot of (cheese, broth, chocolate or perhaps all three if you're feeling hungry), then you cook it yourself, all the while knowing that you are about to spend a large portion of the night in the process.At the end of it all, you drop a pretty good chunk of change and you walk away happy.  I need to figure out how to get in on this action.You might think that I don't like the Melting Pot, and you couldn't be more wrong.  I actually enjoy the place, other than the fact that it takes a while to work through the dinner (and the fact that I have to pay, and I can't figure out how I can get in on it).  And I really prefer the University location to the Midtown one.  That's why I only give them four stars here.But overall, I'm a fan.  Just don't worry about your wallet.  And don't wear a watch.
5	I go here quite frequently at least once a month. And I have to say I loveee this place. Especially the Kings Drive location, their layout is more intimate and better. I love their house salad, their house dressing is amazing.  My favorite is the court bouillon broth, with the Pacific Rim Selection, and of course add cold water lobster tails. Their service is impeccable. And their database is amazing, they know everytime which table and server that we like to have. And their dessert ... goodness just so delicious. We typically go with the Amaretto Meltdown. We love it so much, that we even got the melting pot cookbook, But it's just not as good as dining there. I would say that this is the Ritz Carlton of restaurant in regards to service and the quality of the food
5	This is my favorite restaurant for special occasions because fondue is, well, fun! But it is a bit pricier than we usually budget for dinner out: our bill usually runs about $90-$120 for two with drinks. We have been to this location as well as the Montgomery, Ohio (Cincinnati suburbs) location several times. The service is always exceptional and it seems staff truly enjoys working at The Melting Pot. The ambience is low-key, but slightly upscale. Most of the booths are laid out for privacy.Our standard choice is the Fondue For Two, a three-course fondue plus salad dinner that is more than enough, and a bottle of wine or two. The waitstaff will be happy to recommend a bottle from their extensive collection of wine. All fondue courses are prepared at the table on the built-in hotplate.With fondue there comes several choices. First, the cheese course gives the option of Cheddar, traditional Swiss, Wisconsin butterkase/buttermilk blue cheese or a spicy Mexican-style cheese fondue served with bite-size bread cubes, raw vegetables and apples. We have always enjoyed the traditional Swiss cheese fondue, but I think I'd also like to try the Wisconsin.Then, comes the salad, which you shouldn't fill up too much on even though their California greens with gorgonzola and rasperry walnut vinaigrette is delicious. Tip: you can buy the salad dressing in bottles to duplicate the salad at home.For the main course, you will choose from several fondue styles and meats. Standard fondue choices will be oil or bouillon (vegetable broth), but for an additional fee, you can choose Coq au Vin fondue (herbs, mushroom, garlic and burgundy wine) or Caribbean bouillon with garlic and citrus flavor. The standard bouillon is low-sodium, cholesterol-free, light and healthy that does not add bulk to the meal (that pays off at the end). The meat selections include their standard chicken breast, pork tenderloin, shrimp, teriyaki sirloin and fresh fish fillet (based on availability); the market-price "surf and turf" with lobster tail, Filet Mignon  and portobello mushrooms; or the pricier pacific rim with teriyaki sirloin, breast of duck, pork tenderloin, chicken breast, and potstickers. All of the above come with bite-sized portions of red potatoes, mushrooms, broccoli, squash, and a variety of dipping sauces. The meats and vegetables come to the table raw and you will cook them yourself in the broth/oil, then dip and eat. See? Fun!Hope you saved room for dessert because this is where fondue becomes sensuous. Again, you have choices to make. Chocolate comes in dark, milk, and white which you can choose unadulterated or with additives, like Bailey's Irish Cream, or Amaretto, or marshmallows and crushed Oreo cookies, or caramel and pecans. They have pre-selected combinations or create your own. I love dark chocolate + Bailey's Irish creme instead of their milk chocolate + Bailey's. "Yin-Yang" is pretty: dark chocolate swirled with white chocolate. Dessert fondue is served with fresh strawberries, cheesecake, pound cake, marshmallows, bananas, brownies and pineapple for dipping. This is also a good time to switch to coffee to start coming down from the wine-buzz and endorphins before attempting to drive home.I have never walked out of this place unhappy, although I have walked out completely stuffed and pleasantly buzzed. We will keep coming back every year to celebrate our anniversary, and leave the Valentine's Day crowds for the more adventurous. Related, I have one request of TMP diners: please, introduce your kids to fondue at home. This is most definitely NOT the place for less-than-well behaved young children.
5	My absolute favorite restaurant in the world.  We go regularly (once a month) and it is always consistently wonderful.  The wait staff is great and helpful for anyone new to fondue.  I recomment the teriyaki steak and shrimp with the court bouillion cooking style.  It's not on the menu but their Italian dressing is delicious and available for sale.  It's the only place I'll sneak out on a work night to go eat at.
4	I dare you to try and leave this place hungry!!  Have been many times to Melting Pot's here and out of state and its consistently great.  Last night we went for Ladies Night Out, they offer all 4 courses for $35 and $5 of that goes to Susan G. Komen Foundation.  They do this a few times throughout the year and other times they benefit St. Jude's Children's Hospital.  A chance to eat well and contribute to a good cause?  Sign me up!!There was 3 of us and in the past they would put us at a table w/2 burners, but not this time.  In the end we really didn't need different cheese/chocolates anyway.  We started with the cheese they are offering on the Big Night Out, it was some sort of french mixture with brie, gruyere, swiss, bacon, truffles, chives and wine.  It was delish!!  Followed that up w/house salads, I love their house dressing.  Then we had our entree.  If I go on a non-charity type night I never order the entree, I don't think its that good and I would prefer tp fill up on the other stuff, but it was included so we ate it.  It included, 3 shrimp, 3 pieces of chick, 3 pieces of steak, 2 ravioli and a bowl of potatos, mushrooms and broccoli to throw in the pot, and 6 different sauces to try.  Last but definitely not least was the chocolate.  We went with the cookies & cream, it was dark chocolate with toasted marshmallow and oreo cookie pieces.  Sounds awful right?  It comes with strawberries, bananas, cheesecake, brownies, pound cake, rice krispy treats, and different coated marshmallows.  My oldest sister and I were soo full at this point but we couldn't make ourselves stop dipping all the yummy treats into that warm chocolate, our younger sister kept making fun of our gluttonous ways, but I didn't care. Melting Pot is not the type of place you go weekly or monthly because I really feel like you need to be in the mood for the whole experience and for the almost painfully full feeling you will most definitely have when you leave.  But its great for special occasions or to help out a good cause.
4	If liking Melting Pot is wrong, I don't want to be right. Listen, I know Melting Pot is a chain and it's pricey...waahhhh wahhh. Guess what? I love melty cheese. I love melty chocolate. I don't *mind* throwing a few veggies into a crockpot of chicken broth and hanging out for a little while. Plus, they have a decent drink list and great variety of offerings & meal combinations. The service at this particular Melting Pot is typically solid and they are great at handling substitutions. Don't like broccoli? They'll sub out for another veggie. Scallops get you down? Sub in some bird. Oh, and I haven't mentioned it yet, but the Green Goddess cream cheese/sour cream/herby sauce for the veggies is so good I want to marry it.Whether you want just a cheese fondue or you're going full on three course, Melting Pot is solid & delicious.
2	I like the food and the whole fondue experience of the Melting Pot but I give this place only 2 stars because on my last 2 visits, I had experienced terrible service.  When I go to a restaurant planning to spend a minimum of $30 per person (excluding drinks), I expect a better level of service than I have gotten here from hostesses and wait-staff.
3	Franco Sarto sandals....overpriced usually ...classic yes....sumptuous yes....same with you my sweet MP. I have only been to this location and do love everything about it....just once or twice a year tho. The food is out of this world and the $30 restaurant week pricing is just right for this Goldilocks. I am not a huge eater so I feel like if I go at full price I cant possibly get my money's worth.  We received four fantastic courses for this just right price. I was here this past Saturday and this visit was no exception. Great service and excellent food. Our waiter was very funny and amiable. I got the Caribbean and all of the meat and seafood was super high quality. The wine list is divine (great beer selections too!). I left smelling like stew and looking like I had a fresh facial from all the steam....all good things. Cant wait to see you again next Restaurant week my sassy splurge!
4	I am a fan, there's no denying that but I will say that if I'm in a hurry I'll drive right by this place.  Be prepared to spend a minimum of 2 hours dining here.  Not a problem really, just need to be ready for that kind of time frame.On to the food(s).  As you probably know this is a DIY style cooking that breaks down into three courses, cheese, seafood & meats and chocolates to finish it off.  Always top shelf cheese and the meat and seafood are fresh and delicious.  There are several types of chocolate fondue to choose from and seriously you can't go wrong with any of them!Next time I visit I think I'm just going to stick with the cheeses and chocolates....seriously, the meat and seafood is great but just doesn't compare to the level of tastiness of the other two.Service is always great and the staff is dedicated to making sure you have everything you need as well as explaining to you how to cook your food the correct way.
3	I feel about fondue about the way I feel about eating blue crabs. The work, reward ratio is rarely worth it to me so consider any review I do of a fondue place to be colored by this frame of reference. That said, Melting Pot does a pretty good job of the standard cheese, veggie/protein, chocolate line-up.  Went last night with a team of 15 or so from work. While we had a menu already selected for us, it included 5 different cheeses and 5 different chocolate fondues to start/end the meal so, tons of variety. The rest of the meal was a salad choice and then a plate of meats/veggies oil or broth to cook them in and 6 different sauces to dip everything in. I always enjoy the cheese portion the most. The preparation here ranged from excellent to average with the average being a 3 cheese blend where they were way too heavy handed with the wine at the start so that was the dominant flavor by far.
5	I have been here three times, just recently during Charlotte Restaurant week.  I absolutely love this place, obviously don't come often, as it is pricey but you get a lot of food!  It doesn't seem like much, but when you get a four course meal, the little stuff adds up quickly!  Plus you can always ask for as many extras as you want with the cheese and chocolate fondues for no extra charge.  So be prepared to eat alot and leave stuffed!During my lastest adventure to the Melting Pot, I called to ask for reservations and asked for a little more private or secluded booth as to not be out in the open and enjoy a nice romantic dinner.  They delivered, put us upstairs in a booth secluded from others.  The staff there always seems very nice, knowledgable, and just great all around.  Great Service! The Cheese, I've had the fiesta, spinach artichoke, and one of the specials they were running.  Fiesta was definitely my favorite, but I liked them all.  Can't go wrong with cheese!Salads, I've had the house, ceasar, and spinach salads.  All good, but I think I prefer their caesar.  They do put some kind of garlic or some kind of seeds in their ceasar salads - something different, but good!Meats and Cooking - all have been good for the most part.  Although this last time, I didn't care for how their chicken was flavored, I enquired about it, and it actually had a hint of chocolate on it! We have always upgraded our cooking style, coq a vin is what I've had two of the three times and I really like it, especially with the flavoring of the vegetables.Now onto the chocolate.  That of course is my favorite.  I love to dip the strawberries, rice krispy treats, and cheesecake with the chocolate!  I would have never thought of rice krispy treats, but they are just delightful!  Even have asked for extra of those!  My favorite chocolate hands down is the turtle - chocolate with caramel and nuts, yummy! I can't wait until my next visit!
3	I really love Melting Pot! The concept is exciting enough, but then all the food, too?! Here's what I normally go with - the four choice classic:- Wisconsin Trio Cheese Fondue - oh my...I could just eat the cheese by itself! :D However, it does come with vegetables, granny smith apples & various bread for dipping. - Spinach mushroom salad - the spinach & mushrooms always look fresh & that Shallot Vinagrette dressing is so yummy!- Entree (cooked in the coq au vin style) of ahi tuna, shrimp, sirloin, chicken breast & teriyaki-marinated sirloin. - Dessert - Flaming turtle. This is just like the turtle candy; chocolate, caramel & chopped pecans. Of course, you get strawberries, bananas, cheesecake, Rice Krispie treats, marshmallows, pound cake & brownies. Wow! So much food, but so worth it. Yes, it's pricey, so you may want to save this "big night out" for special occasions.This location is the "older" one in Charlotte & not really my favorite one of the two Charlotte locations.I've been to this one twice & haven't had any issues - both times I had reservations & they were on time. The staff is always friendly & attentive.
4	Typically reserved for an anniversary time meal, we missed it last time so we were overdue for a visit. We ate at the bar and enjoyed the October special (monday-friday, hopefully it's a recurring special). For $32, we got salad, cheese fondue and most importantly chocolate fondue. The jalapeno cheese is tasty, but the chocolate fondue is deliciousapuss. It was just enough for us food wise that night. The rice krispie treats, brownies and strawberries in chocolate are my favorite. As far as sitting at the bar, it definitely loses most of the romantic feel with the bartender making drinks constantly and a tv in front of you, but i guess that's why they offer the special at the bar, and i'm okay with that.
4	hubs and i went here once during restaurant week and partook in the special they had going. which was a discounted price of the 4 course classic optionwe choose the Wisconsin trio cheese fondue, which I did not care for, the wine taste was really strong and a turn off for me.the entree was really nice, we upgraded to the Mojo broth which is fabulous! i don't remember which entree we had but there was beef, shrimp and pork and chicken. when dessert came time we went for the yin yang chocolate. which we needed more of the dipping fruits etc because 2 pieces of each was not enough!this is a nice strange of pace for a night out. allowing plenty of time to talk and eat slowly and just enjoy the company of the person you are with. i would love to go back only the cost is a little high to go regularly
4	I dig the melting pot, i mean, its fun. Fondue=fun. This was another  "Yay my birthday is during restaurant week!" dinner for me. The cheeses, meat course and salad are good but lets be honest that dessert is where its at. Id get all 3 courses as dessert if i could.   A big pot of chocolate and then cheesecake, rise crispies, bananas, strawberries, red velvet cake and marshmallows all to dip into it. Heavenly is an understatement. I also dig that your in control of your own cooking times. So what if i cook my steak for 10 seconds...rare is good yo...Going with a large group is smart. Then you can really sample a lot of the stuff on the menu. Our party had 8 peeps in it so we got 3 different cheeses, cooking styles and  chocolates. Service was aiiiiiight considering it was a large party, but it coulda been better. I normally wouldn't be able to afford more than one course here but at $30 for everything during restaurant week it's a hella great deal.
3	Am I the only one who doesn't get it?  I thought it was kinda weird...First of all, the service and atmosphere were great.  And the meal itself was a lot of fun.  I liked the cheese ok, but I got tired of it pretty quick.  How many items do you want to try covered in melted cheese?  The salad was good.  But the main dish was a big disappointment.  I got the meat selection.  You basically end up with boiled steak and chicken.  It wasn't good at all.  The dipping sauces were good, but if you're dipping boiled steak in it, it doesn't matter that much.  And the potatoes weren't good - you ended up with a chunk of boiled potato.  Who wants to eat that?   Dessert was good.  I just dipped the strawberries and bananas, and they were great.  But I am not a big sweets person and didn't want all that sweet stuff.  For the price, I won't go back.
5	Omg can you say awesome fondue! Love this place.
5	Melting Pot is one of those special occasion places and we probably make the trek once every few years. We find it a little too expensive for fondue and we lucked up with a deal last night for $30 a person. To be fair it's more than "just fondue" and it's more of an experience. It deserves a hard-earned 5 stars. They almost lost a star just because they only serve unsweetened iced-tea and some of you may know what a stickler I am about that. I'm not much of a soda person, so a Coke had to do.Everything was great: cheese fondue, Caesar salad, main entree ("The American") with tempura batters. Our main consisted of shrimp, filet mignon, sirloin, and buffalo chicken, along with assorted veggies. BUFFALO CHICKEN? Yeah, at first I was hesitant about it. Surely that can't be good. I'm glad I was wrong. Tons of sauces to dip everything in. Yummy. Of course, every thing's a huge mess and when you're bringing a young'n for his first time, it's even more time consuming making sure everything is cooked properly on that end. Everything was topped off with the best part of the meal: the chocolate fondue. We had to go simple with just milk chocolate this time but it was delicious. I was a bit disappointed that they no longer included pineapple but we were barely able to finish what we were given anyway.Our waiter was extremely efficient and kept us well fed even if we ran out of veggies, sauces, or batters. The manager made more than one trip to our table to make sure everything was fine. They both shared a lot about how the restaurant operates and has changed over the years. Did you know that the wait staff trains for nearly a month? Wow.We're hoping to make a return trip sooner than later (maybe next year) and hopefully they'll cave in and have another great deal in the near future.I now have a craving for a Granny Smith apple dipped in cheese.Your pal,Walter
5	For a special occasion and when you want dinner to be an event in itself, you can't go wrong with the Melting Pot.  Easily one of my most favorite places, ever!I have visited both locations and can not think of a single complaint.  The Kings Drive location is my favorite, though.  Just seems more intimate and cozy to me.  Service is always impeccable, and the food is always perfection.For us die-hard southern girls (and guys), be aware that they do NOT serve sweet iced-tea.  Either ask for the little packets, or peruse their extensive wine list.  They are also doing craft beers now, and even have entire menus crafted around both beer and wine.  Such a nice treat!For dessert, it just doesn't get any better.  The luscious melted chocolate creations are all good.  And if you run out of your favorite dipper, just let them know, they'll gladly bring more!
5	!!AMAZING RESTAURANT!!I have got to buy a fondue set now lol.The creamy spinach artichoke cheese dip, minced walnut melted milk chocolate, and mixture of marinated meats were incredibly delicious but what earns this place without any doubt 5 Stars instead 3 or 4, is their incredible service.Richard our server was sociable and almost too considerate lol (we stayed to 1:20am even though this place closed at 11pm!!!).Steve the manager treated my girlfriend and I with a card signed by most of the restaurant staff and some treats to make the anniversary of our 1st date really special.This place isn't for the cheap at heart or those with quality taste but don't have a lot of spending cash on them.Definitely GO!! but I would suggest you go if you:1) are in a group bigger than 42) just don't mind spending more than $20-40 on an entree3) want to try something different/new4) are looking to make a romantic occasion really special (let the restaurant know about your special occasion)5) or want to treat someone you care about who is isn't particular in general, to something they haven't tried before
5	What a truly romantic and remarkable place!  Their customer service is superb and their wait staff is extremely knowledgeable of everything on the menu and more.  My finace took me here for our engagement dinner celebration (and we've also been here before for other date nights).  You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu.I would recommend coming here for Charlotte Restaurant week if you're on a budget.  Also, if you sign-up for their mailing list, they'll keep you updated on any promotions as well.I like cheese to the point of no return.  I would set camp in the kitchen if they'd let me.  The following are tried and true:1) Spinach Mushroom Salad and wedge salad2) Wisconsin Trio Cheese Fondue (because I love bleu cheese)3) Pacific Rim with chicken, shrimp, pork, and beef4) Bananas Foster and Flaming TurtleGo hungry and portion out a good 2 hours.  It is truly an experience!
5	My boyfriend brought me here for my birthday: 10/29...the restaurant and staff went above and beyond to make it a wonderful experience for us. We took my 10 year old daughter and a friend of ours with...When we arrived, the staff had signed a birthday card for me, and I was given a box of 6 chocolate (white and dark) covered strawberries. That may be standard here, but when I went to another Melting Pot in New Mexico, it wasn't...so that was really nice. They sat us in a back room, at a 4-person, 2-pot table which was perfect for us! We wanted to try EVERYTHING! We had the Boston Beer Cheese Fondue and the Wisconsin Trio - The Boston Cheddar was not my personal favorite, I tend to go for the Wisconsin or Swiss fondues...but the Boston complimented the apples very well. Then we went with the Seafood and Chicken platter (no red meat for our friend) and the 2nd we chose was the land and sea...plenty of red meat there. Our cooking styles were Coq Au Vin and Mojo...I find the Mojo a little lacking in flavor and always have...but that's just my personal taste. The Coq Au Vin was very robust and added a great depth of flavor. Then on to the Creme Brulee white chocolate and a Turtle Dark Chocolate. Both were wonderful! They even gave us an extra dessert plate full of everything! The Melting Pot is a 3-hour experience when you do The Big Night Out and add a glass of wine or two...however the experience is well worth it. The service at the Kings Drive one is exceptional! They truly will take care of you and yours!I love spending the time on a date with my boyfriend; it gives us so much time to eat, enjoy, love, and have fun with each other.I highly recommend this place...and as for pricing, The Big Night Out is $75-$100 per couple...but that includes cheese fondue, salad, entree, and dessert.
3	My husband and I have been here on multiple occasions including restaurant week and have always had an amazing time. On this occasion we went with another couple who have never been to the Melting Pot before. We were super excited because we always leave full and happy. We made a reservation for 5 pm, on Saturday, the first weekend of restaurant week. It took 15 minutes to be seated, which is a bit out of character for them, but considering the day and the weekend, it was understandable. We were seated In a booth upstairs with one burner, which is a mistake with two parties - if you are going with two couples request two burners, it will make your life so much easier. We got the cheddar cheese fondue, the pacific meal, and we made our own chocolate, the dark chocolate swirled with peanut butter. The food itself was very good, but I think our waiter was new and did not know how to balance all of his tables. We had to ask for more food several times. You can ask for more bread and apples for example until all of your cheese is gone and vegetables and dips during the dinner (meat) portion. We were getting enough of the main part of each course but only enough of the secondary parts like the vegetables and bread and such for half of our group. During the meat part we had to ask another Melting Pot employee for more vegetables and dip because we had given up on our waiter ever bring anything back...we had asked him 20 minutes prior. Our waiter also turned the burner on too high the entire time, and very rarely explained anything to us, including the dips and the batter during our meat course. I understand that we had been there before, but our friends hadn't. And they didn't get to hear all of the fun things to do with dips like fill the mushrooms with the green goddess, or that the plums sauce is good on the shrimp, or if you mix curry and plum it makes a delicious new sauce. I think the takeaways from this meal was to 1. Always get at least one burner per couple, 2. Make sure your burners are always on the appropriate heat setting because it will burn your food, and 3. If you are going during prime dining time during restaurant week be prepared to be patient.***Update. Not even an hour after this review the manager, Steven called me to go over my review and to chat in order to improve their business. I think this is awesome! Remember how I said we had asked another employee for more veggies and dips? It was him! He was amazing and had even tried to see if they had an extra two burner table at the beginning of the meal. With people like him the Melting Pot will always be in business.
4	We have been here a number of times, and I have enjoyed it more and more each time.  We have gotten such phenomenal service.  Our last server was great and allowed us to tweak anything we wanted in terms of substitutions and omissions.What I love best about the place is that dinner is an experience and you get to relax and enjoy the large variety of food in your own personal little section.The prices are very high, so we do not go here much, but this is a staple for restaurant week.
5	Thank you, Monica, for making our just-about-3 year old Daughter's first experience at your restaurant so special! Great meal, super service, we'll see y'all again very soon!
5	We had an amazing time visiting this restaurant recently to celebrate my sister's birthday. Its hard to find something special for her because she eats gluten free. They exceeded our expectations with the amount of thought and effort they put into making the experience great for all of us, but most importantly my sister. They were very allergy friendly and went to great lengths to make it delicious for everyone. They had delicious gluten free bread, gluten free sauces, and gluten free desserts like brownies and cake. All were delicious!  Always excellent service as well. It's nice to go to a restaurant and be treated like royalty from the moment you arrive to when you leave!
4	I visited the Melting Pot during restaurant week. Typically I'm a little leery about dining out during this week as i have had several bad experiences. This was not the case at the melting pot. They quickly seated us and our server quickly greeted us. He explained the entire menu, he talked about each dipping sauce, how to cook your food, etc. He definitely made sure we didn't have any questions. The food was just OK. I went more for the experience with my friends and really enjoyed myself. I would go back for a special occasion but probably not anytime soon. It truly does cost a lot of money to cook your own food.
5	We always hit The Melting Pot during Restuarant Week, because for $30 a person it truly is a smashing deal for a three-hour foodie experience.  Make sure you CALL the restaurant to make a reservation if you have more than 4 in your party because often times a party of 6 or more will allow you to get 2 burners at the table.  The menu during RW allows you to try the cheese fondue course (we really like the Spinach Artichoke dip one and the cheddar is really good too!), the salad (I LOVE the California--- delicious and fresh!), the main course (be sure you pay the $5 upgrade to try the mojo cooking style) which includes fresh seafood and beef cuts.... Along with this ravioli concoction that is truly incredible.  The main course comes with an array of sauces..... Green Goddess is my favorite, although our server suggested to try his favorite which is a blue cheese sauce and I LOVED it, especially with the pasta! The service is always divine and they talk you through your entire experience.  It ends with the piece de resistance..... The chocolate.  We opted for the Flaming Turtle and the Yin and Yang..... Amazing!!!!! I say if you've never "fondued" before.... Definitely Do! :)
3	It was good, but not that good. Our server just assumed that we wanted a certain amount of servings without asking. We had a group of 15 and we all split 5 cheese and 5 chocolate. They were all good and it was awesome to hang out with them. However, we could have hung out with each other for a lot cheaper and for a lot better food at other places.
5	Not only did I have a superb four course meal, but the service was impeccable! Dave, our server was the best! So knowledgable and charming. What a wonderful date night. excellent food, service, and atmosphere
3	Despite years of resisting this place because it is a both a chain and the idea of cooking my own food, table side, did not overly appeal to me, I relented and joined another couple for dinner all in the name of charity, and limitless cheese and chocolate.  For a chain, this place still does a nice job of feeling high quality with subtle lighting and service that is truly top notch.  And for the prices charged, this is as it should be.  My only complaint is the hostess took a phone call that apparently involved a complicated reservation and we were left standing for several minutes without a greeting or other recognition.  A small point, but couldn't the caller have been put on hold till we were whisked off to our own reservation?I got to try a couple of different cheese dips, broths and meats for the main course, and no less than 4 different types of chocolate fondue.  All came with plenty of accompanying items to drop into the fondues.  Vegetables were basic: broccoli, cauliflower and carrots.  Apples and grapes were a nice twist.  With the chocolate we had fresh bananas and strawberries that were a bit less fresh.  We also had squares of poundcake and rice crispy treats.  They brought more of what was popular, as much as we asked for.  No one should suffer for a lack of food here.My issue really centers around the meats.  We had an endless deal, so I got to try a lot of different things, but here's the way it generally works: you get a meat (sometimes pre-seasoned) and cook it in a broth or an oil.  That broth may have a plain base of might be flavored with another set of seasonings. Once done, you put your meat on a small plate that has room for up to 6 different dipping sauces, all with another set of seasonings.  That's up to 3 different seasonings in the finished project.  Muddled and confusing?  Yeah, to say the least.  Can you narrow it down?  Of course, but that's hardly discouraged at the time you order.I like the concept, especially if you have a long time to sit down for dinner.  Our complete dinner lasted just over 3 hours.  It makes for great conversation with a small group.  However, when paying a minimum of $30 a head for dinner I'd like to think I'm paying for a chef's skill and training in producing good food.  Here you get all the basic building blocks and do the final work yourself.  I know it's novel, and some folks get excited for the change, but it's a off-putting to me.  If that's what you go for, however, this location will give you the full experience and make sure you are comfortable and served with care.  I'd easily go back for dessert, and maybe that alone.
5	If you are ever in town the ying yong is awesome. This is a very unique and excellent restaurant. I would highly recommend.
4	Brandon was a charming and competent and funny and hot server. The manager treated us well. Teriyaki sirloin is great. We had the oil and batter cooking style and skipped the batter most of the time. The sauces are good but it would be nice to have a list in the menu: maybe it's there and I missed it in the low light. The spinach artichoke cheese was ok but I wish we'd stopped him before the second spoonful of garlic went in. Recommend the Absolut Stress cocktail over the Strawberry Blonde. My date discovered that she likes blue cheese. Bring on the chocolate!
4	I've been there couple weeks ago. And it was my first time. We had to wait a few minutes to get seated. We had a 5 course meal and the best part was desert. Imagine yourself a plate with strawberries and bananas and velvet cake and other cakes and pastry that you can dip in the melted chocolate. Staff is all around friendly and effecient. In general I liked it. I'd say it can be a good romantic place for couples. Find time when you are not in rush and can spend and enjoy the food and each others company for about 3 hours since you'll be cooking in the pots right in front of you on your table. Can be a good unrushed experience. Thanks Melting Pot!
5	I can't say enough about the mouth watering food here! The cheese, the salad, the main course, the dessert, the drinks, they are all on point. Last night we went to celebrate the New Year and Ted was our waiter, he was THE BEST! As soon as we finished one course, he brought us the next, never a wait in between and they were definitely packed. We asked for specifics and he definitely delivered with our requests and didn't have to be reminded. I definitely recommend this place and Ted.
4	I finally popped my Melting Pot cherry this week. A good friend was out of town for all my birthday celebrations and brought me here as a make up date. (After this experience... I'm okay with Rich missing my birthday every year if it means he will take me here)First off.... the hostess gave me a birthday card when she took us to our table. It was signed by a bunch of the waitstaff. Plus, at the end of the night our server gave me a box of chocolate covered strawberries to take home. Happy birthday to me. Wow, that is some fantastic service all the way around.What do you need to know before a night at the Pot? It is a process. So allow yourself two-three hours for dinner. Come hungry. Really hungry. Maybe the hungriest you've ever been in your life. We went with the four course experienceCheese: The special. Bourbon Bacon Cheddar. Holy.Salad: California. Gorgonzola cheese and raspberry vinaigrette make everything better.Entree: We went with Coq Au Vin... delicious. I want to try the Mojo next time. I did land and sea, but was mad that I didn't go with the classic. Luckily, Rich shared some of his with me. I love all the sauces they give you. I'm a sauce whore.Dessert: I'm about to explode. I don't really think you can go wrong with any of the choices.. they all sound amazing. I picked flaming turtle... basically so we could also get a table-side fire show.Drinks: there were martini specials. The strawberry blonde was very refreshing. The salted caramel was absolutely delicious. I also got a boozy cappuccino to go with my dessert. It came complete with a rock sugar candy stick to use as a stirry thing.I could barely drive home because I was so full. I thought about sleeping in my car. It was all delicious. I think it would be great to go here and just skip out on the entree portion of the evening all together and just do cheese and dessert. That may be my plan next time.Thank you Melting Pot for a tremendous dinner... birthday celebration round 5.
4	We waited to come back to the Melting Pot after our last experience during restaurant week. This time we came with a different couple for Double Date Nights, which happen each Wednesday in March. You get the cheese, salad, and entree courses for $50/couple, which is a great deal. They were also having a special for $7 select martinis. We were celebrating a birthday, and after last time made sure to request 2 burners. I think for us, the table was a little crammed. Not seating wise, but once you have 2 burners and then 4 plates, 2 plates of food to cook, and 8 sauces floating around the table, you are unsure where to put your 4 waters,and 4 drinks. The waitress was great. I think she might have been busy, or we were in an awkward part of the restaurant because it could be a little difficult to find her. She explained all of the courses, and cooking times and sauces. I got the pineapple upside down martini, and the birthday girl got the pomegranate martini, both were on the $7 menu. Both were also pretty bad... the flavor was there, but I'm not sure the alcohol was. Mine was literally half grenadine. I would just go with a beer or glass of wine. My husband and I ordered our regular, cheddar cheese and it was delicious. They've added grapes which was something new. For the salads, I got my normal fruit salad, which had apples, strawberries, pineapple, and blackberries. My husband got the California salad, which we said was very good. For the entree we picked the (free) beef broth cooking style, and we had shrimp, mushroom sachetti, sirloin, filet, and chicken. We also had the usual mix of mushrooms, potatoes, and broccoli. It was delicious! I love the sauces, they make my night. Since we stuffed ourselves with green goddess and mushrooms, among the other entree foods, we decided to skip dessert. It was $30 for the 4 of us, but we just weren't into it. The birthday girl did want to partake, so her and her husband got the turtle. I think it ended up being a couple of dollars more for them to just get it, but I didn't have any room. So overall, minus the drinks, and the occasional wait time to see the waitress this was fantastic. Definitely moved the Melting Pot back up onto our list of favorites!
4	The Melting Pot to me has to be the best place to take out a girl to go on a date. (for all ages) It has a relaxing atmosphere but also a classy one. I love the idea of taking the Switzerland famous style (fondue) and turning it into a restraint. The best choice in my opinion is to get there four course meal. You get a choice of many cheeses to start off with and you dip the bread, apples, and grapes into the cheese. (The cheese is my favorite part of the whole fondue course) Next you can get a nice decent size salad. After that you can get a choice of meats to dip into boiling water to cook. After that they bring out bananas and deserts to dip into hot chocolate and you can choice your type of chocolate to. I prefer the Flaming Turtle chocolate. So yea this has to be a great choice to anybody to take the family out or a birthday dinner or a date night.
3	We went for date night special the other night... it was ok.  It did not do the meal total justice.  Our service was great.  It was missing a couple of key things like graham crackers do not substitute for a slice of cheesecake? I was disappointed and then the dessert was slyly slipped in as extra but a special price for the four of you, not much cheaper just made to sound that way but they took something away to make it more affordable. Then the meal was a special price too, and shaved down quantities and even the salad was too.  The food was cooked perfectly by us at the table! lol
5	Best place to sit relax and have a date night.  Always wonderful, very fresh and a pleasant relaxing environment.  Smore's martini makes my girlfriend smile every time!
5	I go to melting pot probably at least once a month but I am finally deciding to write a review on it. I love pretty much every cheese fondue I've tried there.They have drink specials throughout the week. Wine on tuesdays and thursdays so def try to go on one of those days.This location's atmosphere is nice, but not the best I've seen but it is an older location. I wanted to finally write a review because yesterday for Fathers day I had such great service from Dave. He made sure we got extra of everything we like, I didn't have to ask for anything without him asking me first. Exceptional Server.
5	Came here with my boyfriend to celebrate our anniversary and it was an interesting wonderful experience. The staff wished us a happy anniversary and gave us a card. They were nice and our server was attentitive. The place looks pretty nice also. I thought all of the courses were good but of course with a sweet tooth like mine my favorite would be the chocolate fondue. We got the yin and yang one and it was pretty good. Hope to come here again and try the other ones that they have.
5	Had reservations for 6:30p for the 4 course restaurant week special. Arrived about 5 minutes early and were promptly seated. Our server, Shannon, was so fantastic throughout the course of the entire experience.  She explained things well without belaboring the points, offered valuable pointers, and anticipated our wants and needs before we had to ask.  Food was superb.  Spinach artichoke cheese fondue was really delicious.  We both had the seasonal strawberry caprese salad and the berries were perfectly right, mozzarella and Roma tomatoes perfect in proportion and texture, and white balsamic dressing gave great balance to flavor profile.  Entree meats were fillet, marinated sirloin, pork loin, chicken, shrimp, ahi tuna, salmon, and ravioli.  All were good but the absolute best part of the meal for me was the 6 doing sauces.  As a condiment junkie I was in total heaven.  I cooked mushrooms and stuffed them with the green goddess (which is sour cream, cream cheese, parsley, garlic, and maybe Shallots).  Server also recommended mixing the teriyaki glaze and curry together and my wife loved that.  Spicy cocktail was awesome on shrimp and gorgonzola was creamy and great on the beef.  My wife is all about dessert so she wanted the s'mores one...milk chocolate, marshmallow creme flambeed with graham crumbles. We added a swirl of peanut butter in it too and it was awesome. I liked doing the blondies and pineapple and she loved the bananas, strawberries, pound cake, brownies, oreo rolled marshmallows...she loved it all. 2.5 hours later we were ready to roll one another out.  Come here nearly famished as you will get enough food for a village. Wonderful experience.
5	I love the melting pot! Everything from the drinks to dessert were amazing. I tried the white peach Cosmo... Very good! My boyfriend had a bells two hearted. Our dining experience started with the green goddess cheddar cheese fondue. Next course was salads. My boyfriend had the spinach mushroom salad while I had a Caesar. Both were super tasty. My caesar had pine nuts on it. Loved the added crunch. Next course was entrees with assorted proteins... Chicken, beef, salmon, tuna, & shrimp. My favorite was the tuna but everything was delicious. Mine and everybody's favorite course is dessert. We got the snickers chocolate dip. Why this isn't on the menu is beyond me. Its great with bananas. Good food + good service = good times!We will be back!
3	They short pour drinks! Tiny drink glasses (the smallest I've ever seen) and loaded with ice. Maybe an ounce in a $8.50 drink, if that, plus tax and tip, you're looking at $12 for a TINY vodka sprite. RIDICULOUS. The food is great! The cheese fondue could be more saltier, kind of bland. Everything else is fantastic. But I'll never buy a drink from here again. Outraged at the bill tonight for my family, so minus 2 stars.
3	My boyfriend and I stopped here for a Valentines Day date and we thought the place was decent. The waiters are very friendly and they explain the menu really well. They also offer great suggestions to first time customers. This was definitely a great first time experience especially for people who have never tried fondue style cooking. I thought that cooking appetizers, main course and dessert on a fondue was a very unique idea. The setting and lighting has a very romantic feel. On the other side, the prices are completely ridiculously high. You do not get a lot of food for the price. Our check was over $120 and that's a ridiculous price to pay for tiny portions of food. I would suggest this to someone who wants a romantic night in town with some experimental fondue styles but I definitely wouldn't go back for that price. For $20 we bought our own fondue pot and tried our own cheese dips, meats and desserts without the crazy expensive price.
5	For starters, our server Chelsea was fantastic. I'm a bit of a substitutor, much to the chagrin of most servers. Chelsea gladly made my subs and even suggested some. We love the Melting Pot- it's always fun. Why is cooking at a restaurant fun, but home not so much??? My wife did fondu delight, and her filet and lobster were very  good. I love the French Quarter because of the andouille, and I added the Pacific Rim's duck. The duck was my favorite. Dessert has been improved by removing the cheesecake in favor of pineapple and blondies. The old cheesecake seemed superfluous- I mean you couldn't dip it. BUT, Chelsea brought a cheesecake with some sort of ignitable aerosol sugar spray business- nothin' wrong with that. One caveat: those steps are steep dress and drink accordingly.
5	You wont regret it
5	Excellent service! I went Thursday night and the staff was prompt and courteous. They explained the dishes well and accommodated our large group of 22. Regardless of what some reviewers say this place is not insensitive and would definitely meet any dietary guidelines. In fact, they specifically asked at the beginning of the meal and accommodated one person in our group for her shrimp allergies. I would recommend this place to anyone based on my experience.
5	OMG!!!! Best place EVER!!! I go there every year for my birthday. I love how many they options that they have. Also the dessert is AMAZING!!!!!
5	I had the opportunity to take my daughters in to the Melting Pot on Kings Drive charlotte for dessert recently. The service here was fabulous from the hostess, to our server down to the manager who made a brief visit by the table to personally wish the girls a happy birthday. I have never been disappointed with the service or food at this location and they certainly made my girls first experience here one they won't soon forget. The bananas fosters is always on point too.....be sure to ask for it. Thank you and I look forward to our return visits!!!
5	Great food, great service, wonderful atmosphere! It is more main steam than before but the food is still great!
5	Amanda or waitress was wonderful! She explained all the options and specials with flare and was super helpful with substituting some of the options bc my fiance is a vegetarian. This was a wonderful 1st experience at the Melting Pot!
3	The Melting Pot is really disappointing. You pay high prices for the "experience" rather than the quality of the food. We got the four-course experience. Our first course was cheese. It came with standard pieces of bread and vegetables to dip into the cheese. It was good, but it was just cheese and store bought dippings. It wasn't anything you couldn't make at home. The second course was two caesar salads. They were just your average caesar salad with lettuce croutons cheese and dressings.The main course we got a mixture of steaks, lobster, shrimp, pork and chicken. The boiling of the meat in the broth did not give the meats/seafood much flavor. It was eh-- not too appetizing.The best part was the chocolate dessert course. The cheesecake, poundcake, brownies and strawberries were so delicious dipped in chocolate. We got the turtle and it tasted amazing!Service was good. I would come back for dessert only. The rest of the courses were not worth the high price tag for the quality and taste of what you get.
