5	I stumbled across Body Heat last night while searching for fitness places that offer 1 week passes because I'm still trying to find a program that I really love. It says on their Facebook that they just opened January 2012 (brand spankin' new) and I noticed they also have a coupon for a free week of unlimited access, so naturally, I printed it out immediately and went in to redeem it this morning. The first thing I noticed about the place was that the parking lot only had a few cars, but I'm sure that'll change pretty soon. I walked in and was very pleasantly greeted by the receptionist who had me fill out some paperwork then gave me a tour of the facility. There was only one class in session at the time that I got a quick peek at which just had the instructor and two students. Some people may think that's awkward, whereas others would think it's intimate, but again, I'm sure it won't stay that way for long. The women's locker room is awesome. It was very large, clean, and modern with an aisle of showers, large/small towels to use, and dark wooden lockers. It's definitely a lot more nice than the Vegas Hot! locker room, which is very cramped up. Since I forgot my Yoga mat today, I just rented a very nice one for 2 bucks at the front desk and laid in the room until the 12pm Yoga Sculpt class began. About 8 other girls came into the room to join the class shortly after. Our instructor for the class was Margi. She is such a great instructor. She really motivates you to push hard and her exercises definitely make you feel "the burn" especially if you use the weights for all the exercises. When I did my free week at Vegas Hot not too long ago, I would sweat a lot in the rooms, but when I took this class today, it almost felt like I was taking a shower (I know that sounds a little gross, but it felt good). Overall, I love this place, especially the locker room and the very friendly, personable staff. It's pretty nearby my work, but it's quite a drive from where I actually live. After my week is up, I'll probably end up getting class punch-cards if anything, since it's too far of a commute for me to come daily. Tips*-Get the free week pass while you still can!-Lots of membership specials right now since they just opened, check them out!
5	My first time doing yoga and it was a hot POWER yoga class. I'm insane, I know. Great personable instructors, clean facilities, and good prices. From now until March 31st it's $99 unlimited use of classes, which is great compared to other yoga/pilates studios I've looked into. Classes include different styles of yoga and Pilates 7 days a week. My only complaint is that the class I took didn't really explain the different movements and since I am a beginner I was pretty confused at first. However, as the hour progressed I got the hang of it. Take lots of water and wear very little clothes. Oh and they have yoga mats you can rent for 2 bucks or purchase new ones at $26.
5	I happened to find a deal for this place on Crowdsavings, and then found Jadira R's review, and knew that I had to check out this place.  I went in and found out that they were quite new, and that the location is close and convenient--across the street and diagonal from the Eastern/215 LVAC (my gym)--with plenty of classes to take, a variety of teachers, and lots of parking.  It's located next to the movie theater in the plaza.  My first class was a week ago with Sheena (daughter of the owner) for Power Flow Yoga, and she took the time to give me modifications for my injured wrist, and gave other students advanced poses, making sure to look after each of us and check to see that we had proper/correct form.  I appreciated the fact that there were plenty of hip openers in her practice, and was able to talk to her after the class was over.The second class was with Carolyn (formerly at Vegas Hot!) and had quite a workout--Circuit Saturday is what she called it.  We alternated between traditional mat work to bootcamp-style Pilates/core exercises.  I've taken her classes before, so I knew what I was getting into, hands down a good workout.  Just make sure that you have a towel on your mat cuz you're gonna need it to mop up the sweat.  Lol.I also took Yoga Sculpt--Heated Power Yoga with Weights--with Margi.  This class was something I've not had a chance to take in the past, and let me tell you that it was a great workout.  We alternated with low weight/resistance high repetition exercises for all-over body toning, then did some yoga moves, pilates (traditional mat exercises) exercises, and some light stretching at the end.  Again, it was good to have a towel with our mats, since I was really sweating.  Another class I had a chance to go to was the Hot Yoga for 75 minutes with Naomi.  This was a good alternative to some of the power flow classes, since we were all able to take this at our own levels, modifying when necessary (given whichever moves were appropriate for our levels), since we were all at the beginning level.  I really enjoyed this class, since I feel that the 60 minute long classes are too short, at times.  We did some of the traditional poses and also mixed in some chanting and light stretches, too.  The teacher was all about making sure that we enjoyed our practice and offering some helpful suggestions when needed.Another class that I took was Hot Yoga with Ottavio.  When I was talking to the owner about suggested classes, his happened to be one that was mentioned.  I'm so glad that I went, since he made sure to pay close attention to us during class, and made sure to demonstrate each of the moves to the students (seasoned or non-seasoned).  He also made sure to give me special instructions for modifying some of the more advanced poses, especially when we were doing quite a few flows throughout the class.  I felt like I got a total-body workout in this short amount of time.The last class that I took was Hot Pilates with Simon (formerly at Vegas Hot!) and really enjoyed this class, even though it was a bit different from the other class that I took.  This was quite a lively class where he mixed in some stretching, plyometrics, core exercises, abs, and other all-over toning exercises.  He only had us take a few official water breaks, but all in all, the hour long class seemed to fly by.  Even though the class ran a little long, it was only because he wanted to make sure to cool us down and stretch us after the workout that he had put us through.  In the end, I'll admit, he did have us go out into the parking lot and scream out "I'm alive!" to start out our days.  All in all, I thought that this was worth it.  The place has a spa-like feel, is new, clean, and seems like a nice and inviting feel to it.   The heated studios (only 2 of them) are well kept and are somewhat reminiscent of the studios in Yoga Sanctuary.  The women's bathroom is stocked with towels, styling devices, and more like a spa, less like a yoga and pilates studio (unlike some of the other places I've been to).  The check-in staff (pretty sure they're the owners) are also friendly and followed up my very first visit with a phone call to see how I was feeling after my first visit to their place.  As Jadira said, I don't expect to see this parking lot as vacant or the classes as small.  I believe that with time, this place is gonna get lots of business.  As Ashley said, they have a monthly promo running until March, so if you're into this sort of thing I suggest that you go to their website and print out the free week pass.  As soon as I have time, I'm definitely gonna make the trip to this place.  I think that the price and value are worth it.
5	In a word...awesome. Great variety of instructors and styles, spotless, towel service, and state of the art practice rooms.
5	Body Heat was my first experience taking a hot yoga class.  Now I will not go anywhere else.  It is a new, beautiful, extremely clean studio that looks like a high-end resort spa.  The instructors are highly skilled and do a great job of teaching classes to everyone from beginners to the highly advanced.  I've only taken classes from Dana, Susan and Greg so far but they are all AMAZING!  The classes are affordable, and they offer a bunch of different ways to bundle your classes - I bought a 10-visit package after loving my first 2 classes.  They even have showers and essentials (shampoo, blow driers etc) so you can clean up after class.  You MUST try this studio!
5	I have always wanted to try Yoga and I was going to try Bikram but all the reviews of how the room smelled and over populated turned me off to that.  And the fact that the class is always 90 minutes long was a bit much for me being someone who has never done Yoga before.I came across Body Heat Hot Pilates & Yoga while on Yelp and all the reviews were great, so i came for a trial class.  I wasn't prepared being a newbie but they had mats avail to rent for $1 I think and they had water you could buy for a $1 as well.  They provided towels and a very clean and relaxing lockerroom.  My first class was with the instructor Greg, he is the man!  Great teacher, he understands everyone is at different levels and insists on you taking a break if it's too tough or you get light headed.  My first clas was a bit of a chore but i made it through and felt amazing afterward.  I was drenched from the 95 degree, hour long class but it was so great.I signed up and have now been going for 6 weeks, they just recently started offering more classes because of the demand so now you can pretty much go there and find a class from 8a-7p!  I have tried the body sculpt with weights, it's a fun and challenging class as well, i recommend for everyone.  Also, ive tried both 60 minute yoga classes and they are great stretching workouts.  I have tried the pilates class and I probably wont go back to that one for a while, because you need to be ready to work for 60 minutes non-stop, i have no idea how all those tiny girls can do it, its a great class and well instructed but very hard for people just beginning, there are not many breaks.Sheena, Ashley, and Greg are my favorite instructors but everyone else there is very professional, great at what they do, and fun too.  I really like that the instructors and all employees take the time to know every members name, that's a sign of unbelievable customer service and needs to be noted!Finally, bring a change of clothes, i made the mistake the first few times to take shower at home and it was not pleasant driving home in sweat drenched clothes.  They have 2 showers in the mens lockerroom and they provide this great coconut shampoo/conditioner/soap.  So you smell great after the class.  They also can provide you with a lock for your locker but  there are no sketchy people there that ive ever seen.Finally if you like to be around half naked women who are doing amazing stretches all around you, that's just the motivation to keep coming back to try and keep up.And i must mention Laura, their do everything manager i believe, she will be in a lot of the classes with you, always encouraging you and a very positive and happy soul.  If you go there, you must meet her, she always brightens my day with her attitude.Hope this helps and see you at class!
5	This place is amazing! I have tried Bikram as well as other hot yoga classes when I lived in Dallas and this is by far my favorite studio. They have a wide variety of classes and all the instructors are fabulous. The rooms don't smell bad at all and they always have candles going as music. They even have a live music class on Wednesday evenings. And the studio is beautiful and immaculate. LOVE this place!
4	My husband and I found Body Heat through a groupon and figured, given the high prices and the fact that we'd never done hot yoga before, we would only stay through till the groupon expired. Then we saw the amazing positive effect yoga had on us and the beautiful facility and we had no choice but to join.A little background, my husband hadn't worked out since college football and I am a total cardio girl, if I don't feel like I'm going to simultaneously throw up and pass out for the majority of the work out I don't feel like I've worked hard enough (I usually do Zumba, boot camp, cross fit and kick boxing). We were both amazed by how hard the hot yoga classes at Body Heat worked us. Yet, even though we were working hard, it felt somehow more gentle than what I normally do. From a purely asthetic stand point, I've seen parts of my body (like my thick waist) that I thought would NEVER change suddenly look different and I can actually see my progression. When I started there were moves I SWORE I would never be able to do that I can actually do with ease now. Mentally,  yoga has affected me more than I ever thought possible. I am more calm, more in-touch with myself, more patient and more kind; an all around better person and that is something I couldn't get from cardio no matter how hard I worked.Pros:       Bodyheat specifically has a beautiful, beautiful studio; the best studio I've ever seen in Vegas. They have hard wood floors, beautiful locker rooms and showers and excellent heating and humidifying elements. The teachers are all excellent in their own unique way (I prefer Natasha and Ashley) and they even have a Wednesday night class that has live music!Cons:    I hate to break the "good-mind" vibe going on with the other reviews but there are a few things that brought my rating down to 4 stars. I feel like the management of the establishment leaves a little to be desired. They originally had complimentary towels in the locker room but then decided you needed to ask for them at the front desk which is an inconvenience and makes me self conscious if I request any more than one towel. Admittedly this is a small complaint but for the amount that is charged for membership one expects these small inconveniences to be handled. They have also changed the class schedule from when we joined away from straight hot yoga 60 and hot power flow towards more barefoot boot camp, hot Pilates and hot yoga with weight classes.  Since we go only for the hot yoga and power flow and since we both work 8-5 we can't find a class that works for us on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Again this is a small complaint but one that I feel I should mention none-the-less. Just know that just because certain things are available when you join, it does not mean they will always be available.All in all, we both love BodyHeat and you can find no better studio in all of Las Vegas. Comparatively it would get five stars, but Yelp doesn't grade on a curve!
5	The owner contacted me via email to explain some of the changes that had been made. I hadn't actually taken a class in about 2 weeks and when I went in again I saw that they had done even more to make the studio awesome (a 30/60 day challenge, smaller towels stocked in the locker room, they didn't charge me for a mat because I'm a member, etc). . The schedule is still a source of contention but really, it's a very small one and the owner assured me it is always changing. All in all, I couldn't let my review remain up with 4 stars when I really feel that they deserve 5 awesomely humid stars.
4	If you can get over the smell of sweaty donkey crotches than this is really a great workout and a great studio. You will know what it feels like to be a hot pretzel after just one class.I swear this is where the sexiest people in the city workout. They always stand next to me in the class which makes me want to push myself even harder and "show them" who's really number one. Yeah, it's me. I might be one of the sweatiest, but I don't smell like cabbage ass so I'm cool.  Beautiful, clean place. They have done such a nice job with the locker rooms, lobby and actual studios. The studios have wood floors which I imagine they mop the body juice off between classes. Instructors. All are unique in their teaching and techniques and musical taste. I never thought I would be doing yoga to R. Kelly the remix to Ignition, but it somehow works. I never thought I'd be asked to scream at the top of my lungs someone or something that pissed me off, but okay. I'm a team player. This feels like therapy and combined with weights, holding deep poses and Africa heat I feel fucking amazing after. TIPS- Bring water, a yoga mat and large towel to cover it so you don't slip. Also a small towel to wipe down throughout the class. Beautiful people + Beautiful studio + Killer workout= World Peace or maybe just Inner Peace and overall sexiness. Go to Body Heat. Take your workout to the next level. You will look better naked.
5	Prior to attending my first class at Body Heat Yoga & Pilates, I had no idea about what to expect.  My daughter who is in college in Vancouver, shamed me into going, stating I was not only getting old, but stiff and fat.  Well, actually not fat.  I will say I am relatively fit, I swim a mile three times a week and do two miles on the ellipitical machine.However nothing prepared me for the intensity of one hour of yoga in 100 degree heat. For a stiff jointed person like myself it was absolute torture.  The only other guy in the class left halfway through.  However the feeling after the class was an endorphin high I only have experienced in competitive running many moons ago.  The instructors are good and very patient.  If anyone was heartless and actually videotaped me, I know it would end up on America's Funniest Videos.  The instructors and students are very nonjudgemental. The atmosphere is serious, but not bootcamp. The studio itself is very clean with an Asian flair.  I have become addicted and go four times a week at a minimum.  I should say you should have a minimum level of fittness prior to trying hot yoga.  It is very intense, but the results are well worth it. I highly recommend this studio.
5	So... let me start by saying that I .. WAS.... in the "I'm never doing Hot Yoga camp" mostly because I hate heat and tend to wilt in the summer time.And then I tried it... and now I'm hooked.  Yes, I was scared the first time I went and was pretty much jello after the first class... but now... after class I'm energized and feel like I'm on top of the world when I walk out.I feel like it's the only way to get an all-around good workout.The heat and the humidity really help turn it up a couple notches.  But what's so great is the way your muscles warm up and you can stretch and move like you never thought you could.  Granted you need to go more than once a month to see any benefit but if you go a couple times a week... you'll see that you feel better inside and out.Personally, I love the detox and all the great stretches and core strengthening.I have back issues, but have found that these are minimized if I go to class a couple times a week.  Plus, the instructors provide modifications to help people with injuries or problem areas.  Really all of the instructors at Body Heat are fantastic!  My favorite is Dana... she makes working out fun.  Only take her classes if you want to have a good time while getting a kicka** workout.  I love her because she gives me an hour of respite from my day.  She's inspirational and really a wonderful instructor.The facility is Spa-like.  It's fresh and serene.  Just stepping through the door eases the tension from my shoulders.  There are a mens locker room and a womens locker room.  I can't speak to the mens side... :) but the women's side has lockers, showers and nice toiletries.  It's clean and refreshing....  Not your typical "locker room". Again... it's more like a Spa.The fitness rooms do not smell and are very clean.  Considering how many people sweat in those rooms every hour, I'm amazed and very appreciative that it is so clean!Definitely give this place a look-see and try out a class or 2 before deciding if this is your thing or not.  You might be surprised... I know I was.
5	I initially learned about Body Heat from my friend who suggested we purchase Groupons together. After my first class I was hooked! Body Heat is like going to a resort Spa. The facilitiy is always clean and no "funky" smell here! All of the instructors are top notch and will kick you butt into shape. Since June I have lost 5 pounds and inches all thanks to Karly & her team at Body Heat :)
5	I pride myself in never quitting during a fitness class.  I had to stop 6 times in the 6AM Barefoot Bootcamp today.  My ass is kicked.  Immaculately clean studio.  Excellent class.I rolled in 5 minutes before the start of class asking if a drop in was OK.  No problem.  The guy at the desk hooked me up with a towel and a mat.  I asked for a coconut water and that's the only thing he charged me for.  Maybe it's because we're both ex-military ... Who knows, but he asked for nothing in return.  Turns out the guy was a Drill in the Marine Corp.  He didn't wear that on his sleeve at the front desk, but when class started ... oh yeah.  All the same he was encouraging and friendly to everyone.Fitness studios don't get any better.  Just remember, these are heated classes.  The room was 105 degrees.   Dont' be afraid of that, though.  Embrace the sweat!
5	Top notch. Friendly staff, clean facility and great location.I'm hooked. Too bad I'm only here for 2 weeks.Much better than Passion of the Christ and better than Lethal Weapon 4.
5	I like this place a lot--and I'm even cheating on Bikram with them for an extended period of time! Where Bikram offers a lot more endurance improvement and improvement in mental stamina and focus, BodyHeat's variety of classes help switch things up. I enjoy the variety! The locker rooms are really awesome and super clean. This studio doesn't have a smell when compared to other hot studios--it just smells like humidifier. There are two studios, too, which I think contributes to neither one getting so many bodies in it continuously to make it smell like pet store. I always feel like I'm viewed as a hussy because I just work out in a sportsbra and yoga pants, here, though. Hey, it's hot yoga, I don't want to be bundled up more than I have to! It's close to Greens and Proteins, too, (and In-N-Out, ssh) for post-workout meals. The staff is super nice and the teachers are great too. I recommend Vanessa, and Jane for Hot Pilates, and any hot yoga instructor. Candlelight yoga has got to be one of my favorite things ever--getting all relaxed to just go home and fall asleep! You should try out their free week--what can it hurt, right? Well, maybe you, if you don't drink enough water beforehand, but just try it.
5	I just spent 3 days in Vegas, and didn't want to miss any yoga while I was there. A friend recommended Body Heat, and I'm really glad I went there. I took their "Body Heat 2" class all three days, and had a different instructor each day. All three were good, and I learned something new from all three of them...but the standout was DANA MCCULLOUGH. Her passion for yoga and teaching was absolutely infectious. The place was clean, front desk staff friendly...I have nothing but good things to say about this place!
5	How amazingly cool is this place?  Well, what other yoga/pilates studio hosts a retox to detox class with a live performance with, who I would say is the next John Mayer?  Body Heat does!  A friend of mine recommended this place to me. Any lucky me, I just happen to come on the perfect evening.  The retox to detox class featured complimentary wine before the class, a beautiful live acoustic performance, and a relaxing candle lit atmosphere. Ashley was an amazing instructor that soothingly guided everyone though each yoga posture.  There were even occasional pauses during the practice where she would go around a refill our wine glass.  OMG! I love this place.The studio is beautifully furnish, clean, and the yoga rooms have hardwood floors; so there's never any of those crazy funky smells lingering about.  The locker rooms are the best I've seen from any studio.  Another plus is that they accommodate guests with fresh clean towels, lotion, hair dryers, and q-tips.  Sorry to sound like a geek, but this place is so freaking cool.  Yoga and Pilates lovers need to try this studio just to experience what I'm talking about.
5	Great studio, gorgeous facility and lots of different types of classes. My favorite so far has been John's Pilates Extreme but I hear Dana is also a great instructor.  Bring your own towel if you are going to use the shower because the towels in the locker room are only hand towel size.
5	I tried the 1 week free and I Love this studio!! I was signed up with Las Vegas Athletic Club for years barely went sometimes. I have to find something that was for me and I think this is it. Everyone there is very friendly. it is very nice and clean inside there very high and I love that. 1 word amazing try it out guaranteed you will love it!!
5	Love this studio! If you're looking for a mind and body transforming experience in a beautiful, clean, calming environment, check out Body Heat. The classes range from kick-you-booty tough (barefoot bookcamp, e.g.) to calm/meditative (some, but not all the candlelight classes). No matter what mood you're in, you'll walk out feeling detoxed, energized, and filled with positive energy. I especially love that they combine heated yoga with great music.I agree with other posters that the locker room adds to the experience--nice-smelling products in a stone-tiled shower floor, and lots of amenities to get ready for the next part of the day.Instructors are amazing. Each has his/her unique and inspiring style. Try it; you'll like it:) Plus, you get a free week!
5	My first experience with any hot yoga/pilates, so I was a little scared. However I couldn't imagine a place better to get started at and to progress through the other classes. The instructors all have a different style, and the classes all offer different workouts. On any given day I can just go on how my body feels and determine which class would be best suited for me, love it. After only 3 weeks of coming here, I can officially say I'm addicted.
5	My new favorite place ever! So clean, feels like a spa. Amazing place, I'm super impressed! Makes me really want to go work out daily!
5	BEST studio. BEST instructors. Love it!!!!!!!
5	Experienced staff and luxurious, relaxed vibe. I have a bad back and a shoulder injury. Instructors very knowledgeable in suggesting modifications and help. Nice range of classes from beginner to bootcamp. Spa-like facility. You can't go wrong here!
4	Great studio! This was the first time I was excited to go for an exercise class. It's a bit pricey but worth it! Unfortunately I moved from that neighborhood so discontinued but will definitely look at joining again in the future!They have some great instructors and its not intimidating for anyone new to hot yoga! Only drawback is the selection if classes on weekday evenings- or at least it was for me as a newbie.
5	I figured it was time for me to write an update seeing as I visit this place 6-10 times a week. I am so, so, so unbelievably glad to have found this place. I'm also doubly glad that it's close-ish to my house and close to so many other cool things that I can plan to do some errands and get some delicious food while I'm killing time before or after yoga.After spending a Groupon's worth at Vegas Hot, let me tell you what a superior studio Body Heat is. First of all, since I'm on auto-pay, I get a free mat and towel every time I go in. If you do hot yoga, you know how much fracking laundry you have to do, and being able to sweat all over their towel cuts down on my wash a ton. I also often head straight to work from a class, and not having a stinky mat and towel (and just my stinky clothes) in my car for 10 hours is reason enough to love this place.Secondly, the classes here are rarely more than 10-20 people. The classes that are are Jane's Pilates, Susan's Detox/Retox class, and a couple of John's boot camp classes. Is this due to the fact that this studio is a lot more expensive than Vegas Hot? Probably. But I appreciate the open feeling that I'm not crowding anyone with my bird of paradise and I don't expect to get sweat dripped on me in toppling tree. Also, the showers/locker areas are so spa-like and homey. There's a group of women who usually stay and shower and it's all been expressed that we feel like it's our bathroom in our own home. They have shampoo, conditioner, body wash, q-tips, deodorant, cotton balls, combs, tampons--anything you might need that is in your own bathroom in case you forgot anything.On to the superior quality of the classes: At Vegas Hot, I felt like the classes were SO crowded that you couldn't get any personalized attention. Some teachers teach at both--but with the smaller class size, you're definitely going to get more attention here. There is also more room to expand on more advanced postures here, where in the cramped Vegas Hot classes, you'd be lucky to get in a tripod headstand. Dana, Susan, Greg and Jane's classes are all my favorites, but I have taken class with most of the teachers and can vouch for their greatness.They are adding new classes all the time here, too. Most recently they added an Insanity class and a team-taught Yoga class, and soon they're adding a Cross Fit basics class. I can't vouch for any of these classes, but the fact that they are adding them and trying something new is great for knowing what kind of business this is.Front desk is also super friendly--something else seriously lacking at Vegas Hot. I can have conversations with them versus being shooed away. Skip Vegas Hot, ANY Bikram--PLEASE skip Bikram, ick ick ew gross--and just spend your time and money here actually reap the benefits of hot yoga and fitness.
5	I love this studio.  Greg, Dana, Jane and John are my favorites so far.  It is a very positive happy place. I always leave refreshed and renewed. They are always adding new classes to challenge me.  Definitely must try it.
4	Absolutely love this place. I first found out about Body Heat when they were offering a free community class for their 1 year anniversary. A friend came along with me and we loved it! I returned a few months later to use the free week of classes that they offer but unfortunately I was only able to go one time during the week. I tried going to a class on the last day of the free trial week and the lady at the front desk told me that my week trial was up as of the day before. I'm pretty sure that a week was 7 days and not 6 days but whatever. I recently started going back because I received an email saying that they were offering free community classes (I feel like I'm starting to sound like a free loader lol) for the month of December (it's an opportunity to give the new certified instructors experience teaching a class). I forget the instructors name but she was phenomenal. She was very nice and you could definitely tell that she enjoys doing yoga. She was always willing to help with posture and form and show alternatives to positions if the normal positions weren't working for you. The only problem I have with the studio is the price of membership. They do offer a few package deals and a 15% discount for students, teachers, military and seniors. Like their family deal is $179 which can include 2 adults and one junior under 21. They also have a buddy membership deal which is $220 and can include up to 3 people who will all pay about $74 a month, which actually isn't bad at all. But being that no one in my family or in my circle of friends is interested in doing yoga with me, paying $119 a month is pretty steep. But I definitely think that if you can afford it then you should definitely join Body Heat!!
5	Such a fan of Hot Yoga and I had the opportunity to sample this place with a Groupon which is even more exciting. The place gets 5 stars alone for the ambiance, its very clean and has a spa like feel. The locker rooms and showers are on par as well. I took several classes and my favorite/recommendation is the candlelight class. The only downfall is I now have become kinda a hot yoga snob lol. It is about $119.00 a month on auto pay but if you are committed and have the money I believe it's worth it. There is also something to be said about not seeing everyone you know in the City of Las Vegas while working out like the bigger clubs. I drew the line when I saw a old boss in the showers at LVAC not exactly how I want to start my day.Check out Groupon to sample, it comes up every so often so go for it!
5	I just started practicing here but I absolutely love it. The instructors are all very helpful but understand that everybody is on a different level. They encourage but don't push anybody to do things they can't do. Very clean facility and everybody is always welcoming and positive.
5	Yep a definite must!! Best place in town with some amazing teachers ! Lots of classes available too, not just yoga :)
5	Body Heat yoga has been a great experience.  The staff is friendly and Noelle is a great instructor.  I went last week and enjoyed my first class.  I find that I am more mentally focused and limber after only one class.  I look forward to going today.
5	I've been attending hot yoga studios on and off for about 7 yrs. I've been to most bikrum studios and belonged to Vegas hot for two years. Nothing compares to body heat! I love, love, this place. It's beautiful, clean, and the staff is awesome. From the front desk to the instructors some of the best I've had the pleasure of practicing with. I recommend to all that one to do yoga, Pilates, and even boot camp. You will not be disappointed!
4	The intro class is Body Heat 1. The temp is set to 95 to 100 degrees with minimal humidity which is perfect. As expected I was drenched and challenged considering  I'm on the intermediate level. The studio is a good size and way above average compared to other yoga studios I've frequent. The men's locker room is well kept and a total A class not your typical gym locker room. Overall this place has a spa vibe and not just a yoga & pilates studio.So far I give this place 4-1/2 stars out of 5 stars. I'm definitely coming back for more drenching sessions. Namaste!!!
3	It's clean and far better than Vegas Hot.  The facility is top notch , the bathrooms are clean, the staff is very nice.  The teachers are some of the best I have encountered.The location is great, the parking is good.The spacing in classes is good too, usually not overpacked.The only problem with this place is that the classes are constantly CANCELLED!!!This is the forth time this month that over 30% of the classes are CANCELLED, my schedule revolves around doing ketlebells or the yoga 2 class once a day, I can't do that if you keep cancelling the class.  What's going on?
5	This studio is great.  I got a good deal through Groupon.  I was excited to go to this place when I got my Groupon because I couldn't afford the membership contract.  I went for two months straight and I loved it.  The instructors are all very well trained and experienced and make you feel really comfortable.  I like that they were adding new classes also.  The studio has a nice spa-like feel which is awesome.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone; and if it's too pricey for you, you can still check this place out for free if you register online!
5	Their workouts vary from hard (bootcamp) to easy (candle light yoga) and what you make out of your workouts. I am pretty active and workout 4-5 days a week ad look for good intensity workouts as well as some weights. The bootcamp, kettle bells, and Pilates class kick your b***. Plus, there are a variety of instructors so workouts are never the same.I really like this gym/studio. Memberships after the promo period are a little pricey but I am strongly considering it.
5	Body Heat has kick started my fitness like no other workout facility has done before. I have started running, cross training, and  overall fallen in love with fitness. I am in love with with the classes and yes they are all Hot. The facility is very pretty and well kept, at times I wish there was a little more emphasis on sanitization but that's just me. I never thought I would love yoga but it has become the best part of my day. I also enjoy the hot Pilates, kettlebells, and bootcamp classes. Their candlelight class is a great way to unwind on Friday nights after a hectic week. Body Heat has become my sanctuary.
5	The best yoga studio ever! I have tried many others, and none come close. The studio is amazing and spa-like, the instructors are great, and there is a really decent variety of classes and times they are offered! This location has only 2 rooms but they still have a good amount of classes, although I heard from the instructors that the Summerlin location is much bigger. Can't stress how great this place is! Fallen in love with it even if their prices are a tad steep (although they run great specials once in a while). Trial and error with different (smelly, gross, and just plain bad) yoga studios has led me crawling back to this place, where I happily go and get a workout in whenever I can!
5	So..I've taken several Pilates and Barre classes but this was my first true yoga class. I took Intro to Body Heat Yoga 1 with Heba Saab! This woman is a phenomenal teacher! Although the class for me was more of a relaxation class than a work out class but hey after a long day of work and being on my feet  I'm not going to complain about that! Heba took the time to correct my form if I needed it and was extremely patient with me. Like I said earlier most of the classes I've taken have yoga scattered here and there but never a true emphasis on the postures and breathing.  I think I will take a few more intro classes just to perfect my form and then move on the harder classes that the studio offers such as hot pilates and bootcamp workouts. Also! the studio offers a intro week so there's no excuse for not giving them a try! Also there are no contracts and the monthly is $99 which will give you a free mat and towel rental! Their schedule is wide so there are plenty of morning and evening classes. So far I've only worked with Heba but reading the reviews I'm sure all the instructors are completely helpful. I can't wait to make this a part of my regular routine. Definitely give them a try and with a free week you have no excuse to not to!
