3	Stopped at this Macy's to kill a lil time. Took back a Guess watch that was purchased recently and appeared to be a lemon. After some strong negotiations and resistance from a sales associate manager Frankie was called to the scene. Frankie heard us out, inspected the watch then took the issue to her general manager. Finally it was approved to do a even exchange for a new Guess watch...so I was refitted and on my way (:
4	When I'm in need of the snazzy Martha Stewart line of kitchen items or a upscale / nice dress / outfit for work, I come here.I generally find everything I'm looking for on my own; however, their sales associates are a bit overbearing. I pay them hardly no mind, as I know they're in a slump like the rest of retail.I like their prices, I think they're reasonable.  The store is laid out nicely & is always clean & organized.
4	Macy's is a department store that has been around for a long time.  I did not make a purchase in the Home Goods section today because I was not able to locate just the right item for me that was in stock.  I enjoy shopping here and had I been alone, I could have shopped much longer (they closed late on Sunday).  I really like to walk through both levels just to see what's going on, hoping to catch a really good sale to go along with my coupons from the Sunday paper!
4	Macy's is the standard for all department stores to follow.  They welcome you by making you feel like you're somewhere that cares about their merchandise and their customers.There's always a great selection to be had, and enough sales to make you happy.  I also prefer the customer service of Macy's compared to many stores of the like.
1	TERRIBLE RUDE EMPLOYEE(S). I was visiting my mother in Charlotte this past weekend and we stopped in this Macy's for a bit of shopping. I saw a dress (size small) hanging on the rack on one of those torso hangers and behind it was the only other remaining dress of its kind (size large). I asked the woman sorting clothes next to me if I could take the small off the torso hanger and another older employee (glasses, greying braids, was in juniors department on Sunday) barked at me, "IF YOU GONNA BUY IT!" and turned her back to me. I was shocked! I said "Well I had planned on trying it on first" and the woman said, and I quote, "Pfft!" and continued sorting other clothes. I could not believe she said that to me! Another employee then came over to hand me the dress. After trying it on and preparing to buy it, my mother (who can become much less pleasant than I) confronted the woman who then turned her back on her mid-sentence and walked away. A senior employee at the register "apologized" on her behalf. Is not the point of having clothes on hangers in a store to SELL THEM? I couldn't believe her attitude and the other two employees standing there were unphased! I will NEVER be returning to this Macy's. How utterly disrespectful.
3	Macys is nice but its very annoying to have to hunt down a worker to pay for 300.00 worth of merchandise. Not good macys. Leave at least one person in each department or next time I will walk out
1	After calling Macy's to determine that they have a brassiere fitting service. We went Northlake Mall Macy's to get my elderly mother in law fitted for a new brassiere this early afternoon. Hubbie dropped us off and headed to the phone kiosk. Once we located the intimates on the 2nd floor, we seemed to be the only patrons on the sales floor, except for one gent strolling back and forth while speaking into his phone.We did get the furniture staff to locate someone for us. We were told the Bra Specialist was off today.  The wandering gent then suggested we go try on bras without the sales help, the manager came up to us and told us the bra fitting specialist was due back from lunch in 10 minutes. I asked if the gent was an employee? Neither saleswoman answered me. He wandered around a not leaving the intimate section, I realized I didn't feel safe alone in the intimates dept waiting for sales help with this guy asking me why I needed sales help to buy a bra.I went to the Executive offices to meet up with Hubbie, reported the incident to Loss Prevention, iD' the guy and they said they would escort him out. Would I like to continue shopping.  We left the store immediately. Never have I ever had such a strange experience before. I can't explain why the female manager on duty didn't suggest this guy move along.  My impression is that the store is seriously understaffed. Possibly a good situation for a purse snatcher, or such nefarious behavior. I will not be back. Yelpers beware here. I'm just saying.
2	This Macy's don't have many stuff. It's a department store. So you'd think they have close to everything. Nope.I usually go just to see if they have what I saw on the Macy's website or the app but it's never there. So I end uo trying something similar with similar color and going ovwr to Southpark anyway to actually get the product. For girls, on the other hand, is a different story. I know it doesn't have many stuff but my wife always finds something. They are just born like that. Kind of kike how men would probably get food better out in the wild I guess.
