5	I went to the WELL Spa  because it was convenient as I was staying at The Platinum Hotel. I would go back, even if I stayed anywhere else in Vegas.After a couple of kind of busy weeks at work, I thought I'd treat myself.  Initially, I planned to get a 25 minute body scrub and a 25 minute Swedish massage. However, a couple days before I left for Sin City, my REALLY REALLY HIDEOUS sunburn started to peel. So I had to rethink the scrub.Instead, I called ahead and made a reservation for me and a friend to get side-by-side 50 minute Swedish massages, each reasonably priced at $105. Do you remember that episode of "Friends" where Phoebe works at the high-end spa and the receptionist speaks in that wispy, fake, supposed-to-be-relaxing-but-is-really-just-funny-and-kind-of-off-putting voice? Well, the receptionist here speaks like that, too. Consider yourself warned. It's tough to not giggle on the phone with her.But once you get to the spa, it's time for some Serious Relaxation. It's  pretty small, but complete. The women's locker room was equipped with two locker areas, several vanities with hair and skin care products, toothbrushes and toothpaste, hair brushes (useful, since I forgot mine in LA), hair dryers, curling and straighting irons, cotton, etc, a steam room, restrooms, two showers, and a small relaxation area with 4 incredibly comfortable leather chaise lounges. The showers were awesome and equipped with fantastic shower heads. The robes were also super fluffy warm. The slippers were hard rubber instead of squishy terry-- not so great. But, then again, how much time do you spend on your feet at a spa, right?There is also a co-ed relaxation area of several booths with various numbers of the same chaises, separated from one another by gauzy green curtians. They were also separated from the hall with gauzy green curtains. Yes, the relaxation area was in the hallway. Not. So. Relaxing. On the plus side, they did provide water, teas, and fruits in this area. Now, on to the main event. My massage. Prior to my disrobing and laying down, the therapist dutifully asked me if I had an injuries, to which I responded, "Well, I have this truly fucking heinous sunburn" and shrugged off the shoulder of my robe to demonstrate. Allow me to point out that, by that time, I had been in the dry desert air for a good day or so, and it had postively wicked any thought of moisture out of my body. My back was peeling something awful. Skin was falling off like a giant's dandruff. I swear I was leaving DNA trails all over Las Vegas. Gross, but true. See how honest I am with you Yelpers!?Anyway, the therapist said, "Well, that's ready to come off" and offered to use a ginger mango scrub on my upper back, if the burn wasn't hurting me still. It wasn't so I gladly aquiesced and proceded with my treatment. The sheets on the massage bed must be 80-million threadcount. It was like laying in a bed of rose petals. As she preperd to scrub me down, she mentioned that she would just throw in the scrub for free and cut down my massage time a bit. Worked for me! My back looks a million times better and my muscles are happy campers, too. They brought us icey cold water after the massages.I found a 25% off coupon laying on the coffee table  of my suite, so, after that discount, the two massages were only $159 before tip. Not too shabby! My therapist mentioned to me that the ginger mango scrub she used on my back was for sale at the spa, and she left a jar out for the receptionist to show me. All I had to say was "I have a ton of scrub at home" and she put that jar away so quickly that I almost forgot she ever tried to sell me anything. It was AWESOME! A pushy sale would have totally ruined my newly relaxed and refreshed vibe.The scrub was great. The massage was great. But should you expect anything less at a high-end spa? What really pushed this place over the edge was the customer service. They really take care of you and do their best to make you feel good. It's all in the little things: the not-pushy sales people, the feather-soft sheets, and free scrub for a desperate woman. Those are 5-star details, my friends. Find the WELL Spa on the 6th floor of the Platinum Hotel on Flamingo. Enoy yourself.
4	Like Andrea, I was staying at The Platinum Hotel, so I hit the spa there.  They were really helpful during the reservations process, helping me book 5 people for an average of 2 treatments each (for a bachelorette party).  The lounge area is nice and definitely helps you mellow out, and the locker room is also nice.  The scrub was nice, and the 50-minute Swedish massage was good but not great.  Checkout was painfully slow; I think we had a new girl.  Overall, it is good bang for the buck (esp. for Vegas), plus it's nice not to have to hang out with 20 other strangers.
4	Since I was already staying at this hotel, and they were offering a 25% discount thru Expedia on their spa services, I decided to give it a try, atleast for the sake of convience.  I ended up getting one of their massage/facial combo deals, and had them scheduled on 2 separate days.  I had the massage first, and I found it to be ok, but not the best massage I've ever had.  I had some wrap done as well but really didn't find it that thrilling to be all wrapped up in some sheets.My 2nd day delux facial, was definately way better, if I were to return to this spa, I would probably just go again for the facial!  I also enjoyed one of products that was reccomended for my oily skin, that I actually bought it later that day because it had worked so well!
5	I've been to Well Spa probably twice....the first time i got the mud therapy and the 2nd time i got the hot stone massage....and each time i am done i wish that i could just live there.  Its really relaxing here....from the decor to the treatments.  They have these nice lounge chairs in there that makes me wanna just nap there.  I totally recommend anyone that goes to vegas should unwind here.  Its worth the price.  I wanna try the aromatherapy treatment next time.
3	I went to the well spa because I was staying at the Platinum hotel.  I did like this spa overall, but it only gets 3 stars in comparison to all the other Las Vegas spas I've visited.  There is only a steam room and no pools or sauna.  I scheduled myself for a massage there and a pedicure because of the special rate I got for staying at the hotel.  Both treatments were great.  There is also a shared area where I could relax in between the steam room to drink tea and chat with my husband.  Inside the spa it was very nice and relaxing, but again the amenities were few compared to other larger spas in Las Vegas.  The gym is also not connected to the spa, which would have made it nicer if it was.  I recommend this spa for the low prices of the treatments, but would go to other spas for the amenities.
3	Got this great deal on Travelzoo that we just couldn't pass up: 50 mins swedish massage with 25 min scrub for $65 (I think.) but its a $200 value.The Wellness Spa is located inside the Platinum Hotel which is located behind Las Vegas strip and can even walk there from the strip.First the good:- One of the best swedish massages I have had, thanks to Shelley the masseuse. She had a firm touch and was able to get every muscle and some of the knocks. She also gave each section of my body a good amount of attention.- the scrub was a nice edition. Though I don't think my skin is much softer. My skin is rather dry and I hoped that the scrub would improve it.- staff was incredibly friendly and helpful.- lots of comfy lounge chairs to relax in- nicely decorated in contemporary styleNot so good:- we couldn't find the elevator from the parking lot down to the hotel. It didn't look like there was one so we took the stairs.- the pool and the Well Spa are on different floors. With Spa treatments you get to utilize the hotel pool but its on the 5th floor, so to use it you have to hop on the elevator.- Small spa that does not seem suitable to accommodate a large number of clients simultaneously. For instance there seems to be about 40 lockers, but only TWO showers!! - my friend used the sauna and she said there was no way to adjust the temperature and it got too hot- no accessible water for guests. Usually when you go to a spa there are water dispensers everywhere because they want you to stay hydrated. I had to ask for water while I was waiting which they very kindly gave to me and apologized for not asking me if I needed water, but I don't think guests should have to ask, it should be readily available.I think this was a good experience and for a small spa it was nice, but it lacked many of the things that the other LV spas offer. The day me and my friend visited the spa, we had the whole place to ourselves. Only two other people were there with us. If there were any more people I think it would have felt crowded and not relaxing. This was a great deal and wonderful service but the small space limits it. I would go again for the Shelley's massage but if I wanted an overall luxury experience I think I would select another.
5	Amazing treatments, great service, great prices. This is by far the best service all around I had at a spa in a very long time!! I would recommend it to everyone! Go see for yourselves. I am a regular for sure!!
4	Best massage ever! Be sure to ask for Ellen, she is knowledgeable and passionate about massage!!
4	What a hidden gem this spa is!!  Though it is not located on the strip and it may be a bit smaller, don't let this deter you.  Their prices in comparison to most spa places on the strip are much more affordable.  But I stress don't let the words, "more affordable," mislead you into thinking that the place is not worth checking out, because it is!!! :)I have stayed at the Platinum Hotel many times, but have never checked out their spa until now.  My hubby and I had 2 PM appointments on Saturday, 3/3/2012.  The receptionist who greeted us was very friendly and gave us a tour of the spa prior to our treatments.  I have to say that I was impressed with the spa facilities as it had a really nice, relaxing, tranquil atmosphere to it and most importantly the place was CLEAN!!!!  :)  There were various teas, fruits and water available for consumption.  There are many lounge type chairs to lay and relax before or after your treatments.    When we arrived there, it appeared as if we may have been the only ones there which was nice and made our time there even more relaxing and peaceful.  Thus, if you decide to book an appointment, ask the receptionist to pick a time that tends to be less busy.  I decided to go with their  Be Well Spa package which includes:  25 minute scrub, 50 minute massage and 50 minute facial all for $195.00.  My massage therapist was Dawn.  She was very nice, but I thought she was a little rough when applying the scrub.  The scrub itself was a chocolate peppermint  scented scrub which smelled absolutely divine!!!!  OMG!  It smelled good enough to eat.  My 50 minute massage was very relaxing and I caught myself snoring a few times.  LOL!  She used a strawberry scented massage oil, which is available upon request.  Thus, after my massage, I came out  relaxed and smelling like a chocolate covered strawberry!!!  ;) This is a small complaint, but  I was a little disappointed though, that their massage tables were not heated.  I don't remember who my esthetician's name who did my facial, but she did a great job.  They use Dermalogica brand products (which I don't typically use) but it was a still a very relaxing facial too.  I found myself snoring a couple of times during my session.   The chair you sit in is so comfy!!!  It fits the contour of your body!  :)Would I recommend this place?  YES!Will I be back?  Of course!Just FYI, they do automatically slap on a 20% gratuity charge to your bill.
5	This place deserves 10 stars instead of 5 stars.  I got a couple massage along with mud room steam treatment.  And oh my my, it was so great!  The staffs were AMAZING.  I forgot to bring my hair curler, so i asked the staffs if I could use them a day before the spa (and I didn't even tell them i'm using their services the next day), and they were so kind and lead me to where the curler was.  Their facility is really relaxing, and I would def come back and recommend it to everyone!
5	I had the most relaxing day at WELL Spa. My experience started with a very short wait in the relaxation area, where I could enjoy tea and fruit as a I pleased. I was then lead back to start my 50 minute Swedish massage. The room was comfortable and the staff very accommodating. After my amazing massage, I was lead back out to the relaxation room, where I rehydrated before my facial. The esthetician was very thorough and gentle. I let her know beforehand this was my first facial and she made me feel very comfortable. I left feeling refreshed and relaxed, it also helped that I didn't have to walk through a busy/loud casino afterward. I will definitely be returning for another experience at WELL Spa.
1	They did such a horrible job on my wax. The lady was literally ripping it out of me. My skin looked raw and I was in pain for 3 days. And I have a dark spot from the wax as well. I do not recommend going here for a wax. They definitely over charge you and it isn't worth getting a wax here.
3	I had initially won a $100 gift certificate for services at this spa.  I checked the website for pricing to see what the different services were and how much.  I chose the Quick Fix package which is a 25 minute Swedish massage, facial and manicure for $125 as stated online.  I arrived and had an amazing massage and facial.  As far as the manicure goes, its not a real manicure.  Its just push back cuticles and paint the nails which look like they could have been painted by a 6 year old.  As I complete the service I am then informed that the website pricing is wrong and that gratuity is included which raised the total price to $156.00.  Not happy.  Not even an offer to accommodate the pricing that is still displayed on the website.  I was going to leave an extra tip for the amazing massage and instead ended up paying more than I had brought with me. The only reason it got a 3 star was because the massage and the facial were awesome.  I definitely suggest to make sure the pricing matches what they advertise especially if you didn't plan on spending that much for any of the services. This was my first experience at a spa and I will not be returning for my second because of that.
4	I would never voluntarily go to a spa to get a massage.  I'm one of those weird ones that do not like to be touched by strangers.  Touch me and I throw a mean punch...reflexes!  For my birthday, my sister got a me surprise: she drove me to The Platinum after taking me out to lunch and she got me a spa gift card.  That was very sneaky of her.  It's like those people who go on a helicopter to shoot elephants with a dart gun to tranquilize them. Ambush!  The reason: "you don't know how to relax."I had no clue what to expect. I was scared. I was nervous. I didn't want to punch anyone...especially on my birthday. I was given something to drink. I changed into a robe and I was getting more and more tense by the second as I got onto the massage table.  It was so comfortable.  The robe came off and some weird hands started touching me.  I fell asleep almost instantly and my cat-like reflexes were stripped off."Time to wake up. Time to wake up..." was all I heard as I was being shaken.  That was the deepest sleep I've ever had.  Then, I took a shower to get rid of the massage oils and what not. Mani-pedi time! Which was nice to get for free because I would never pay anyone to do something I can do myself.It was a nice, calming place even for anxious me.  I was relaxed the whole time and felt like I was walking on clouds...then we left and hopped on the I-15 and life was back to busy-normal again.
1	I honestly have no idea how there are positive reviews for this place. I would give it negative stars if possible.A friend of mine decided to book a spa package which appeared to be a fantastic deal: $150 for facial, massage, manicure and pedicure. We were told we would have all services completed concurrently. Problem # 1, they were not.Upon arrival, we were told there would be a 1 hr 45 minute wait in between my friend's nail service and mine! That was not what we wanted or were told upon booking! Come to find they only have a part time nail girl! We didn't have additional plans so we dealt with it. However, huge waste of time on vacation!We were then escorted into the Co-ed spa area. Yes co-ed! You lounge around in your robe and slippers with men and women! Very uncomfortable.Third, It was FREEZING cold in the spa. This was not a fluke. The staff said multiple times they have no control over the room temperature and that they had been complaining for months! The staff was wearing jackets it was so cold. I did not use the stream room because it was so cold it was ridiculous.The best part: I was given a blanket to wear over my clothes and my coat while i receive my sub par pedicure and manicure. Yep, i had to wear a blanket it was so damn cold; over my own coat! Aside from the freezing cold facility and poor scheduling, the staff (not technicians) were completely unprofessional and rude. We were there for facial, massage, manicure and pedicure with a 1hr 45 min break and they failed to tell us we could order food. By the time we realized we were starving, now 3pm, we got there at 11am...we were told we could order, we did and then it was not ordered by the staff. after another hour we inquired and they said the kitchen was close "you will need to eat somewhere else" This was absolutely unacceptable!No compassion that they not only failed to tell us about food but then they forgot to order it and it was too late! It was 5pm when we left. We arrived at 11am.As for the service, massage and facial was good, pedicure was fare and manicure was like a 10 year old did my nails. Very disappointing. All the polish was chipping in less than 24 hours = cheap product.At check out we asked to speak to the manager and she refused to speak with us! She was communicating through the front desk girl! It was so unprofessional.Finally, the $150 package turned into $210!!!They automatically added a 20% tip to all service regardless if you wanted to give 20% and then there was some service charge. Again, manager would not explain the charges.We told our other friends to cancel and they did.this place is a joke!My friend also wrote a negative review and it was taken down from yelp! Fishy stuff going on with this place.
4	Well Spa was surprisingly posh and I loved it!  There are full amenities and very nice private relaxation loungers. The massage table had some of the most comfortable bedding of any SPA I've been to. Great experience and good prices.
5	I loved this spa!  The atmosphere was fantastic!  Super clean beautifully decorated.  I wish I had taken pictures..  Lockers to put your stuff in!  Fabulous Deep tissue Massage with Sara!  Great  manicure!  I will go back here if i ever return to Las Vegas!  They got me in on short notice and treated me like a queen.  What more can a girl ask?  Deep tissue massage $115 + 20% tip, Manicure $30 + 20% tip
5	What an amazing experience I had at the Wells Spa when getting a manicure by Dan, such a friendly and fun individual made that manicure so much more enjoyable. Beautiful location and decor. I will be back for sure !!!
3	Nice Spa, great massage and facility. My girlfriend whom is not too fond of Spas or massages was feeling some anxiety about the package we purchased and did not care for the steam room. We made a last minute change to the package we purchased which was accommodated for but I felt a little bit of an attitude to from the lady working the front desk which I could have done without. Ultimately it all worked out. Massage was great (Don't recall therapist's name). After massage was completed I enjoyed the steam room myself for a bit and when I left to go back to the room I still felt the attitude by front desk staff and was pretty much confirmed by the gratuity already being added to the tab. I had no problem with it as I was expecting to tip 20% but was not told in advance. Even aside from the tip, Cheer up lady. It's your job to be pleasant to guests just like every other hotel employee that works at the Platinum, ALL pleasant to deal with but you which left a bad taste in my mouth.
5	This is a great, small, relaxing, spa. Lots of amenities. Not a lot of people which Is a stark contrast to other spas on the strip. I felt secluded in this little oasis. The relaxation room is pleasant, water, juice & tea offered. The masseuse, Ellen was AMAZING! Taking her time to really work out a kink in my neck. Very professional & top notch service! Even able to use the pool facilities on the 5 th floor after my treatment! Will definitely come back here next time in Vegas!
5	I loved well spa, I was perfectly located in the platinum hotel where we were staying. I had Joy as my masseuse, she was amazing. After my three day hiking trip into the grand canyon is was very soar, Joy put joy back into my body! O:-)  I would recommend to everyone.
5	I had the best experience being tortured (waxed) at this spa! Lol! The atmosphere, staff, and service level was stellar. Prices were great as well. I will definitely go back:-)
4	I had the most amazing quickie facial with Medina. There is a very refined quality to her service, from her impeccable fashion to her utter silence during the facial treatment. I didn't even hear her breathe or sniffle for a half hour. My face felt utterly lulled as she applied each magic potion. The quality of her touch is very soft, sensitive and skilled. This girl has a lucrative career ahead of her.By contrast, the front desk staff left a LOT to be desired. I had put on my file specifically that I could not finish my treatments late due to a wedding. My treatments finished 40 minutes late. When I pointed this out upon check out the front desk girl-- garishly over make-upped and rather snitty-- made excuses and did not acknowledge or apologize for this would seriously impacting my wedding preparation time. As a result, I botched my beautiful manicure on 3 fingers, in my rush to get ready.The trio of quick treatments should have the manicure in the middle, not the end.Overall, a great experience, despite the buzz-kill way to end things.
4	Beautiful and tranquil spa experience. Great manicures and pedicures for myself, friends, and family.  Wonderful time.
5	My partner and I received excellent treatments from Kathy and Yolanda. Next time we're in Vegas, we will definitely be returning for Kathy's strong and skilled deep tissue massage. We both felt our bodies reset after our massages with her - and we agree it was one of our best massages ever. Yolanda was also a wonderful pedicurist - very warm personality and quick, efficient work. Definitely recommend these two folks and the Well Spa!
5	I went here for a Brazilian wax, and Madina was my esthetician. Professional, perfect experience--ask for her. Locals get a discount. Convenient to the Strip without hassle/price of the Strip and just as nice as the major casino spas. I'll be going back for sure.
5	Beautiful spa with a very friendly & accommodating staff. Kathy gave an excellent massage & we both left feeling wonderful. Definitely check out this spa, you won't be disappointed.
