3	Piazzetta is small and cramped. The service was alright and the scallop and sicilian pizzas were decent although the bottoms were super burnt.
3	Pizzas are good and creative enough to be signaled, especially the Cochonaille et Gorgonzola. The possibility to have two halves of different pizzas is also enjoyable. Quite a nice spot for an outdoor diner on St-Denis street during the summer. And some waiters do look Italian.
4	We had a quick late-afternoon bite to eat there today (we're prepping for a BIG dinner tonight but needed something light).  There was only one woman playing waitress and hostess, but service was good as there weren't too many people there.  The Pizza Germanica (duck sausage, onions, sauerkraut) was absolutely one of the best pizzas I've ever had.  They serve Boreale beer, and the stout was quite good, too.  If you need a quick bite, this is a great place.  I liked that it was decorated for the holidays, too; that made it really cozy.
3	After a long day of walking and shopping in Montreal we thought we'd stop and get something to drink.Piazzetta was located on the sunny side of Saint-Denis Rue. So we decided to grab a table on the patio. It was a nice warm afternoon and the place was packed outside. Seems most people in Montreal gravitate to the sunny patios.I ordered two beers, french canadian and a small thin criust pizza.SICILIANA Fresh tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, roasted peppers, grilled Italian sausages, sweet red onions and chilli flakes. The pizza was good not great, crust could of been crispier.The beer was cold so I can't really complain. Prices seemed reasonable, and the service was friendly.
1	I ordered a large prosciutto pizza ($30) through Just-eat.ca and a "bottle" of coke ($3.25 for 355ml). I'm not going to complain about getting a cold pizza as we're in the middle of a snow storm but receiving an uncut pizza that was missing toppings on half of it is insane. The pizza itself was overly salty and otherwise bland. I should have read the other reviews more carefully, what a joke.
