3	Is really Club 5...supposedly there are five bars in this former Bombay Bicycle Club.  But if you like to dance to Gay Men's Dance Music, this is the place to be on weekends...
3	Is really Club 5.  And holds this title because it has no competition.  Still, if you enjoy dancing and like Gay Men's Dance Music, this is the place to be on weekends...say "hi" to Craig, your most generous and helpful bartender!
5	There's something about going to a club that ALWAYS has people (both women and men) that find you hot.... hehehe.So Club 5 gets TOP STARS in my vote.The drinks are HELLA cheap, and LOADED (and not with gasoline quality vodka like everywhere in State Street).There's PLENTY of dancing area, you dont' have to bump with the person next door.And they play PLENTY of oldies like Madonna and Cher and Tina (isn't it sad that I'm calling Madonna old?  That means I'M old... Well.. Old School that is...This is NOT for the prude and conservative (*cough*WIers*cough) as it's a gay club.  But if you want good drinks, good dance, and be able to hang out with MANY of your friends at the same time, this is the place...
3	Dear Club 5,You make me sad. Most of the time. You are the only real dance club in Madison at most times. You're definitely the only gay dance club in Madison at any given time. And I love to dance. With the gays. But you still make me sad. I feel like you are not living up to your potential. You're trying, I see. And maybe it's not all your fault. Maybe you've been given a crap shot at life since you're located in a former Bombay Bicycle Club building in a city with a really small gay scene. And, apparently, a really small dance scene.You and I have spent many nights together over the years. Some were great, many were so disappointing. But you are what you are. And I've learned to accept you for who you are.Therefore, whenever I'm in town, needing a place to simultaneously dance and hang with the gays, I will come see you. And you will be the same as you've always been. Which, I guess, in some ways is comforting.See you again, Club 5.
3	interesting.  99% all about dancing.
3	Mixed bag. The music is alright, and the resident dancers are cute and fab and I want to pinch them. But I'm not sure about the unmotivated crowed just standing there at the edge of the floor and staring ....  not that hot.I left there with this awful nagging feeling. Hmm, I wanted have fun, but maybe in another life, kinda thing.
3	There was a time when Club 5 was trashy, ugly, and overrun with nasty people.  Then about five years ago, the owners finally started actually investing some money in the place.  Since then, most of the club has been entirely re-done (more than once, in some instances) and looks better than it ever has.  The most recent remodel in particular is surprisingly nice.Club 5 is not without it's issues, though.  It will never be anything other than a small city "club" that verges on dive bar status.  It's just the nature of the space.  The music is spotty and generally doesn't depart from uninteresting mainstream pop-dance.  The crowd is more often a miss than a hit, and though I've only been once or twice in the past couple of years, I get the feeling it hasn't been "busy" quite some time.  It hasn't been the "in" place in years, and for the most part people have just stopped going.  You'll still find plenty of drag queens, creepy old men, and hopped up twinks, if that's your thing.  It's not mine.That said, it's entirely possible my last visit was just an off night, and the place was unusually slow.  The space is surprisingly nice, bartenders are friendly, and drinks are quite reasonable.  Yeah, it could stand to be a bit classier, and the music needs some work, but if I was with a large group of friends, it could definitely be a good time.  And honestly, compared to the what the "gay" club in town has become, Club 5 is the pretty clear winner...with a little room for improvement.
2	The place is by a car dealership in the middle of nowhere.  Need I say more?  You have to drive to get her.  I think it was originally a Bombay Bicycle Restaurant.Did I mention it is in the middle of nowhere?The place is horrible.Madison, you can and really need to do better...much better.
3	I went here with my gf and a few friends. They have a pretty big dance floor, and good music. There were a few things that i didn't like though... this place is filled with people 40+ and that brought down my mood a little, they have male porn playing in the game room so it made me feel uncomfortable and i really would have liked to get a chance to play pool with friends, and when i tried to leave the guy at the front door with my ID was nowhere to be found... he left all the IDs laying out where they could have been stolen... about seven minutes later we saw security and asked them to find out what happened and it turns out the guy had been outside smoking the whole time. I wasn't very happy about that
3	I go to Club 5 once a week for Zumba and then a drink in the bar. It is usually clean although the bathrooms could use some work. I also have to comment on the bartenders. They always seem really put out to be waiting on me. Like they are doing me some kind of favor. Friendliness goes a long way and Club 5 needs to work on that. The sound system is great and the dance floor is nice,
