3	I felt the need to write up a quick review of my neighborhood Wal-Mart Market. I go here primarily when I realize I have run out of something in the middle of cooking or baking. Take for instance yesterday I was baking cupcakes and halfway through the process realized I would not have enough baking soda to coincide with the recipe. A quick trip to this Wal Mart and I was set with what I needed.I would never complete an entire grocery shopping trip here. It's small and choices are limited. However, it still boasts a deli section and even a small area with baked goods. It's like your normal Wal-Mart, just simply scaled back, and obviously it is just a grocery store (pharmacy products included).I've found it to be decent, but the employees are sometimes less than congenial. I tend to avoid that by going through the self check. Most irking of all is the fact that the employees sit outside on benches right in front of the store and smoke like chimneys. I get it, people need to smoke, and I am not a person parading against getting people to quit, but it's just kind of gross to see. That's why typically "smoking areas" for employees are reserved for the back of the building and away from the eyes of customers. Just my two cents.
1	This place is shitballs. They had no baskets so we had to carry our food around the store. We stood in the customer service line forever because it had the liquor, when we asked a store employee Keyanna could she please grab the Hennessy for us, because she was literally 2ft away she said ask the lady at the register. This Walmart sucks
3	We always get meat here when it has yellow tags. Saving money. Also I drop off my proscriptions and pick up later. They will send you a text when ready.
4	I transferred all f my prescription from Calif. to this Walmart Pharmacy.  They got all the meds authorized and they were ready the same day, plus I just drove up to their drive-up window to pick them up!  Great service!  Also love the neighborhood store format.  Thanks Walmart!
2	There are better in Vegas.Yes there are bargains!! However I will go out of my way to shop at other Walmart before i go there. Why ? There is a picket line there.
1	Only come here for last resort. Basically bring only cash and get what you need and run. Bad customer service and produce to choose from. Last time I came here, workers didn't have the knowledge to reprint receipt for the last transaction due to "the button doesn't work-- I can't". I don't know, I could be wrong but everywhere I've worked was able to reprint receipts for customers. I guess Walmart isn't a large company enough to have that technology.
