5	What a nifty shop, just a quick walk from the light rail!Okay, I'll admit the first time we went here was in Robert M's car. We'd heard from some of our friends that this place had great gift ideas, and Robert M is always looking for cool gifts--even if they do end up being given to himself.  Stupid Cupid turned out to be a great deal. They have assorted candles (you have to smell the Campfire one!) along with live bamboo in containers, lotions and assorted bits and bobs.This is definitely the spot I'll be stopping at for upcoming birthdays and Hallmark holidays. Zing!
5	I love Stupid Cupid. It is right next to the light rail, and in a great location. Owner Rob used to run Smelly Dog two doors down.Rob has shopped the nation for unique goodies to put into his store. There is also a huge emphasis on buying local. Besides candles (which they have a great selection of), there is handmade glass jewelry, great home decor items (I've snapped up several picture frames), Vases, wood carved platters, and depending on season- live orchids. All unique, all original, the low prices! (I actually told him he should raise some of his prices. (I know, I know- but they were unbelievably low!)I really wanted Fig candles not to long ago- so he ordered two different kinds! (As for the other poster)- if Campfire sent will sell- talk to him- he'll probably track it down for you.
5	I'm stupid when it comes cupid.  I love this place.   I bought some candles, soaps and a cool magnet for my refrigerator.  Excellent Service!  I'LL BE BACK!
5	There's absolutely nothing stupid about this Cupid's little paradise! What a fun gift shop! I found Stupid Cupid hidden in a small strip mall just north of 7th and Camelback Road. True to the adorable Melrose District, this is a quaint and cute boutique filled with some of the best little gift finds around.I like to call this next paragraph "all about candles." I walked in and was immediately welcomed by a scrumptious smell of candles. Candles surrounded by more candles. Candles of every shape and size. Candles of every price range from $12 to $40. I saw organic candles, seasonal candles, classic ones, locally made candles and candles made by those featured on Oprah. I am pretty sure that I've found my one stop candle shop in Stupid Cupid. But besides candles, they have other great little gifts including a fun wine bottle holder containing a knitted Santa outfit you dress wine with. They have cards made by a local artist that say what you always wish you could say in a card but never have the nerve to. They have trinkets and table tops and everything else you can think of. I will definitely be back to Stupid Cupid when I begin my holiday shopping. The owner was so friendly and helpful and I learned that they even host various shopping events to encourage local shopping. So this season I'm definitely showing local businesses the holiday love and will happily empty out my pocket book at a shop such as Stupid Cupid!
4	This is the type of place where I can happily get lost & emerge smiling, with a bag filled with unique purchases & a mental list of everything I need to come back for :) There's a little something for everyone!The people who run the boutique are warm & friendly, which makes the experience of shopping there that much nicer.
5	I can't wait to go back!! Found exactly what I was looking for (a corked glass bottle to put my homemade mouthwash gift in) almost as soon as I walked in. Tons of cute gifts, even for the person you think is most impossible to buy for. Great greeting cards, I honestly wanted to buy 90% of them just to have. Gentleman behind the counter was so super nice - and again, I just can't wait to go back!
5	I'll just start this one off by telling the truth: it's harder to shop local. It takes commitment (shopping online or going to big box stores can be so easy), time (you may need to stop at multiple places) and money (not that it's crazy expensive, but some items can be more expensive). That said, for someone like me who absolutely loves to give unique gifts (and who really wants to see Central Phoenix blossom), shopping local has been my Christmas commitment for the past two years. And, this year was my second year in a row going to Stupid Cupid to get a ton of great gifts for a bunch of people on my list. Pricing options were great, with small gifts/stocking stuffers, mid-range gifts like handcrafted jewelry, and pricier local art. I love how easy the store is to navigate and the owner, Rob, is always friendly and will help if needed (or stay out of your way, if that's your style!). He also does a great job wrapping up your purchases to give as gifts. My only gripe about the inventory is that there aren't as many male-oriented gifts as I might like. Stupid Cupid should take a cue from Frances, which has some great clocks, flasks, books, etc. oriented toward a male recipient. I definitely think they could be incorporated while still keeping with the whimsical, handcrafted vibe of the store.They say the third time's a charm and I hope to make next Christmas my third anniversary shopping local at Stupid Cupid!
5	I try shopping locally, but it can be tough.  The boys at Stupid Cupid make it a little easier by filling their store with great home decor items.  My favorite is their line of scented candles by Scent of Scandal, with such scents as: Ho Ho Homo (fruitcake), MILF (milk & cookies), 8 inches (Banana), and Crazy Bitch (fruit loops).  They smell great and they're freaking hilarious!  They also have great picture frames, magnets, wall art, cards, a jewelry made by local folks!  Stop on in for some last minute holiday shopping:)
5	This place is closed :( Sad when that happens to great local businesses.
