3	Decent sports bar with an open floor plan.  It's cool to walk in and quickly pan the place to see what the vibe is.  I've only been here late night on Saturdays and it's usually a pretty mellow crowd just "watchin' the game, havin' a Bud..."
4	The Press Box reminds me a bit of a peacock. Now bear with me here, I'll explain. A peacock is a very nice bird, but somewhat average, until you get to the back end...the tail. The same is true at the Press Box. Upon entering, it is definitely a sports bar. I was there on a Wednesday evening, and there were a smattering of regulars in the long, rectangular bar area.A sign beside a door in the back announces the patio is open. Exiting through this door,  you initially find yourself in a small room you feel you shouldn't be in, for varied different reasons. Another door on the right leads you to a very large and leafy double-tiered patio area, and this is what makes the Press Box a destination for me.This is the tail of the peacock, so to speak, fanning out in the rear and quite possibly larger than the main building. Large oak trees emerge from the timbers and spread out umbrella-like over the seating area. It should be said I'm a fan of outdoors seating areas in general, but this is a great area for balmy summer evenings. Two dartboards hang in the left corner, and the top tier to the right supports live musicians 2-4 times a week.Overall, your basic sports bar during colder months, but one that offers a little something extra during the nice outdoor times.
2	The Press Box won't impress you from the outside, & definitely won't impress you once you get inside. Think grungy sports bar when you enter & you'll be right on point.I went here with some coworkers for lunch during the ACC Tourney to watch the Heels play. Luckily, even though there isn't much room inside this place, there weren't too many people in here so we got our choice of seating. They had a decent smattering of tv's throughout, with an old projection tv in one area that looked yellowed from smoke abuse through the years.My food wasn't anything spectacular here but it was better than I expected based on the look of the place. Needless to say, our waitress/bartender was very nice & made us feel welcome in a place I felt out of place. She also quipped about the place being called "The Depressed Box" which I found pretty humorous & fitting.I wasn't of fan of this place, but I can see if you were a regular here then it could definitely be a nice little hometown bar to get away from the crowds while you grabbed a few cold ones. But The Press Box just isn't for me & I probably won't be heading back here too often.
2	The Press Box is dive city. From the outside, Press Box looks like a depressing brick house. I can see why it appeals to some people who want their own hangout and sports bar. It's definitely cheap. One night when I was there, you could pay a buck and spin a wheel to win crappy dollar store prizes. Ugh. Now I certainly don't need a fancy bar, just one with some character rather than a complete lack thereof.
4	I love the Press box. The back deck is AMAZING! On georgeous summer eve's this is my destination of choice. Besides the fact that once you go in once the regulars cheer when you walk back in!
