3	I'm happy to see Nothing Bundt Cakes has a presence in the Arcadia area.  The store is neat and clean with a number of cute items on display.  My concern would be their hours of operation.  Weekday-working people tend to be weekend errand-running warriors.  I hope they consider staying open beyond 4:00 pm on Sundays so that busy people trying to earn money weekdays can spend some of it on the weekends on NBC.
4	Let me give you a review based upon my experience and not my hypothetical expectations of one who hasnt even set foot inside. I didnt come here to get dessert, but once my party saw this place we decided to give it a go. The personnel was very nice and helpful. When we asked for cupcakes, the woman behind the counter pleasantly said that they dont use the C-word but that they have these bundtlettes or what not. Ended up getting dessert for that evening, and what a pleasant surprise it was. These bund cakes was super good and I have never been a fan of that type of cake - now, I must say that I am. Great service, good prices and an extraordinary quality product. I give it a 4 due to limitations in selection, but that is more a indication of how spoiled I have become thinking I should be able to get whatever I want, whenever I want it.
5	The owner of this location is very nice, the cakes are delish! The cakes are fun and come in so many flavors and different sizes they have something for everyone. A+ in my book! Just confused about Shirley S thinking the store only being open until 4pm on Sunday isnt satisfactory for Monday through Friday working folks to get cake. :/ The hours seem fine to me! Carry on and let the Bundting begin!
5	This place is ree-diculous, and I mean that in a good way. A month or so ago, I pulled into the parking lot to go to Milagro Grill and spotted Nothing Bundt Cakes. I said very loudly, "Oh my god!" To which my daughter replied, what's wrong mommy? I told her I saw my favorite place in the world for sweets. And that is not an understatement. I first tried this place in north Scottsdale and the Arcadia location has the same great quality. Moist cakes with a variety of flavors and sizes. I especially like the samples they have at the front. Just the other day, I tried an awesome cinnamon swirl sample. Delicious. On a recent evening, we had dinner at Milagro and went here to get me some dessert. On the exact minute they were closed, we were at the door. I almost had a heart attack that I was here and couldn't get my fix. The employees didn't hesitate to let us in which was so cool. My husband picked up a red velvet cake ($19 serves 8-10 ppl) and it was hit. The red velvet is my favorite with the cream cheese frosting and chocolate chips in the batter. I typically get the bundlet which is about $4. I pretty much need to stay away from this area because otherwise I will pig out on their delicious goodies.....
5	I came across this shop by accident and I am sure glad I did.  They make the most delicious cakes.  I bought a lemon bundtlet and a chocolate chocolate chip bundlet - both were amazing!!!  The staff are friendly and helpful and their prices are very reasonable.  I will definitely be looking for an excuse to get back here and get some more.
4	As cake goes, yes, these people know how to make cakes and we keep going back, which is probably going to put me in the hospital. I don't know the story of the founder, owner or people doing the work back there--the bakers. But the product is solid. Felt like creamed butter--or at least lots and lots of butter. The right amount of sugar.You choose different cake recipes, but the frosting is the same (and good).I won't bother going to other cake places. Everything here fits the bill. Solid bundt cakes. And they make little ones for pregnant spouses (which, yes, I've made a run for).Worth the extra dollar, by the way. You want to be "that guy," who shows up with the Safeway baked goods? Don't do that.
5	I was ordering my husband a birthday cake online, and hadn't even realized Nothing Bundt Cakes opened this location.  Much more convenient for me!  Wait, that's probably a bad thing.The cake was fabulous as usual.  I ordered extra petals of icing and that was probably overkill.  But how I love that cream cheese icing.  The cake lasted several days in the fridge, and that was with me home alone all day...just me and that cake.  That's impressive any way you look at it.
5	Love these bundtletts! They are just the perfect individual size. Groupon was having a $10 for $20 special. I ended up getting 5 different bundtletts to try out the flavors. Yummy cakes - definitely recommend over cupcakes. And cheaper too!
5	This place is sooooo good!  How have I never known about it?  It is real good- way better than most of the cupcake places that are popping up everywhere.  You can taste the quality ingredients.  The cakes are so moist!
4	So, I called the place to reserve a birthday cake. I did it well in advance and I am sure I dialed the right number too. When I showed up they didn't have it. I was shocked and a little angered that they lost my order - but when all came about I had made my order to another store location, and instead they just canceled that one and whipped up a cake on the spot, the one I wanted, how I wanted it and didn't charge me anything extra. For that I am very pleased. They acted and handled this situation like pros. The negative is that I know I called this location, and I must just assume that the number is forwarded if they don't pickup. The people in the store said this is not the case, and I could be wrong - but I doubt it. The smaller bundt cakes (size of a big burger) are awesome! When it becomes bigger like birthday cake big, the cake losses its awesomeness. It's still good, but not like the smaller ones. That just a tip!
5	Amazing amazing tasty cakes. The lemon is the only one that I've had, its my favorite treat. There is just enough icing to make it sweet but it's not overpowering which I always have an issue with that any other place I get cupcakes. Just ordered a dozen of the little cupcakes for a work party and they were an instant hit. Would love for them to open more locations!
3	First time trying them out. Sample of the cake was amazing. Wish I could say the same about the girl working the counter. Acted like she had more important things to do. Felt like she couldn't wait to get me out the door to get back to whatever she was doing before I walked in. Thank God the cakes are amazing! Ill go back but probably to another location.
5	Turtle is the Flavor of the month for January.  "So delicious".  Moist Chocolate Cake with Chocolate Chips, Pecan pieces,  heavily swirled with Cream Cheese style icing sitting in a small  amount of Caramel.   So good, I checked in  2 Saturdays in a row buying two Bundtlets each visit.   My only wish would be the Bundlet sitting in more of a Caramel Pool.
4	I didn't have an opportunity to try a full sized cake but the red velvet bundlett was divine...super moist and not overly sweet.  I love the fact that you can buy these mini-sized cakes - they're still shareable and reasonably priced $4 - $5.Service was friendly and the store is super cute and clean.  Since I want to be able to fit into my clothing, I can't stop in too often when visiting Phoenix but I will make it a point to come back to try more flavors.
5	I absolutely love this place! The cakes are so moist and fresh! My favorite is the white chocolate raspberry and the cinnamon one. Perfect for any occasion.
4	I saw this place in/near San Diego and didn't get a chance to go and while on vacation I saw it here, didn't realize it was a franchise. I ordered 2 different bundts and both where great even the next day.I  would definitely buy some more.
5	OH MY!!!  I LOVE NOTHING BUNDT CAKES AND THEIR AMAZING CARROT, RED VELVET, ALMOND POPPYSEED, PECAN PRALINE CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE CHIP AND ALL OTHERS!! This is by far my favorite location for these Baked bundles of Joy too!!After having a few sour encounters at their Scottsdale and Frank Lloyd Wright location. I decided it was time to change locations and this one is not only closer, but much nicer. The service here is great each and every time. All of the young girls that have helped me here have been super nice!! :) I love this spot and always order online or by phone to guarantee the cakes and also sometimes just stop by for a tiny Bundlet!! :)
3	Crappy Customer Service with a Groupon.   The lady in front of me had ordered cupcakes and  still had some left. When she realized she had more left , the snotty teenager told her no, she had already rung it up and redeemed the coupon.  She won't not budge and just let her get the 4 dollars more of stuff.  The lady was understandably pissed.  These places need to train staff better if they are going to be using Groupons as a marketing tool.  And look for employees with better math skills and personalities
4	This place is amazing! We had the chocolate- chocalate chip cake and it was so good it melted in my mouth. I loved this place. Make sure to check out the samples! I'm coming back for sure!!
4	This year for my significant others birthday she wanted a bundt cake I researched on yelp and came across this place less than 2 miles from my house and I thank my fellow yelpers for the great advice.The Skinny I drove there after work about a week before my girlfriends birthday just to make sure I gave enough time for my order. The girl in the front helped me out and even let me sample some of the cakes I was confused on what to order and she let me know that I can order the small bundt cakes so she can try all the ones they had, SCORE!!! I paid for my order and they gave me my ticket and time it will be ready everything was perfect and I was in and out in less than 5 minutes when I went to pick up. Now for the good part each cake definitely had its very own distinct taste I absolutely loved the lemon and peanut butter cakes those 2 are the best all very moist and fluffy but very soft and rich in taste just perfect, I never was a bundt cake fan till now. The badWhen I first walked in I felt like the lady in front felt like she was getting robbed lol im a big guy and I guess I can look very intimidating and I assume they don't get many people that look like me in a cake store. But once I spoke up and let her know what I needed that feeling quickly passed.Overall This place is great the staff is fast and friendly and will give you samples :-) the cakes are amazing and I will be using them again in the future and turn more people into bundt cake lovers.
3	This review is for customer service.  The young blonde short hair girl at the counter i believe it was Logan she was awesome.  She was very helpful and attentive to what I was looking for even though I arrived 10 minutes before closing I did not feel rushed. I cannot say the same thing for Crystal in the back. Her attitude was not very pleasant. She needed to frost the bundtlets and she surely showed that she was bothered by the fact that she had to frost a few. If you don't like your job you shouldn't be there. I said thank you to her without her even glancing at me to acknowledge me. The bundt cakes are awesome btw.
5	We love this place so much that we used them as our wedding cake, and it was a HUGE hit.  People kept asking us where we got the "specially made tiny bundt cakes" and we just smiled knowingly.  They were easy to work with (and even the catering staff gobbled up loads of them during the party).  Hit this place up.  You will be SO glad you did.
5	What I love most is the simplicity of their cakes. Nothing over top and crazy like you see at other bakeries. The red velvet is absolutely divine, but I'm also a fan of their carrot cake as well. If you're not into cakes, they also have "bundtinis", which are smaller versions of their cakes (cupcakes) and they are SUPER cute! They are perfect for smaller gatherings, plus you can select from a variety of other flavors, so you have a nice selection. We've ordered bundtinis and cakes from here. The smallest cake was just the right amount for 10 adults with some extra slices leftover.The customer service is great, and the interior us very clean. I'll definitely keep coming back here.
5	So ... you may be thinking "I don't need a cake. That's for a special day."Hog wash. I'll return to the big dudes in a second. But get this. They sell "bundtlets" for $4.09.  Think of it as a reward. It's about the size of a man's hand. These can be purchased by the dozen for $46. (If you'd like to be creative they can be personalized.) Products are carefully packaged so that the frosting will not smudge in your travels.Super tini "bundtinis" are sold by the dozen for $18.50. These are perfect for a party. Bite sized.8" cakes serve 8-10, $19.50 frosted in a box8" cake decorated $29.5010" cake serves 18-20, frosted in a bakery box, $29.5010" decorated, $39.50If you're stumped for creative ideas have no fear. There's a big book for you to flip thru with categories. You'll look awesome carrying a cake in from here. The turn around time to place an order is fairly short. Don't panic - this store can help. Gluten free options are available. If you'd prefer an alternative to the traditional thick frosting petals a "drizzle frosting" is available.---------------------------------------------------------"Would you like a fork with that?" is one of the most loaded questions on earth. When asked at Nothing bundt Cakes in Phoenix I laughed. Had I been given a fork with my order there is no way my purchase would have made it home.There is beauty in life. When hiking a person learns not to touch all the beautiful things as they can be dangerous. In this simply adorable store every space is too cute for words. It's dangerous in that you want to eat every item that is food. (If you're an Olympic swimmer who can pack in one million calories, good for you.)Why the lack of self control? It's not just because of the eye candy. When you sample a bite (and they have sampling stations right up front) your belly wants more. Impulse control is gone. After nibbling (yeah right, gorging myself) at a few food festivals with these sweets I had to find the source. Suzanne, the owner, is divine. Even though we were attacking her like zombies at the Scottsdale Spice event she paused to explain the story. By now you've figured out this store specializes in bundt cakes. On top they are artistically layered with frosting. This is unbelievably delicious due to their fresh product. Apparently I love real butter. (You should too. Don't judge. Just eat.) Fresh eggs and real cream cheese. That's it. That's the magic.The cakes themselves could be stand alone products. There are nine classic flavors offered. (Yes, there is red velvet! Yes, there is chocolate. Variations of it too. Yes, carrot. Lemon, pecan, cinnamon, and a few other gems.) Each month there is a special flavor. For October you'll never guess what was in store. Pumpkin! (Wait, you weren't surprised? :)Orders can be placed online. To be frank, I was shocked to test their mobile version. It's super duper easy. My 84 year old Dad can do this.  They deliver. If you're within a 10 mile radius the charge is $10. Over 10 miles the charge is $20.*Sigh*I've been saying no to sugar. But I can't say no to chocolate chocolate chip.I have limits. They have been broken.
5	Love this place!  We order from here for lots of work events - always such a big hit in the office.  Everyone gets so excited when the bundt cakes come out.   This is our "go to" place now - birthdays, baby showers, anniversaries, holidays, etc.  Can't go wrong!We were looking for a different option for our wedding cake and went to see if they did weddings.  They recommended bundtini's and we were able to try the different flavors.  My fiancee loved it too!   Love the idea of mini-bundt cakes instead of cupcakes or traditional wedding cake options.  Also pretty affordable compared to cupcake options locally! Staff here are awesome too - Allison has been so helpful to us!Great variety - my favorite flavors are lemon, cinnamon, chocolate chocolate chip, and white chocolate raspberry.  Okay - I like ALL the flavors actually!   The cakes are just so tasty, they are sure to be well received by everyone alike.  Enjoy!
