5	WOW!  What a great little sandwich shop!  Tried for days to get my wife there for lunch. Finally she consented. Well, she wasn't disappointed.  We usually split a sandwich, which was plenty for each, plus a side of quite good pasta salad. You get a side with your sandwich, so the cost was quite reasonable for 2. We saw Apple Crisp in the pastry cabinet, so split one of those as well.Bread was fresh, oversize slices. Wonderful 'house spread' on the sandwich (delicious, the wife says) lettuce, tomato, red onion, pickle on the side. Really good.  Sorry we didn't try it sooner, will make a point of going back before we leave town for the next winter destination.
4	We tried Nana's new dinner menu out tonight.  Great homestyle cookin'!  The Ribeye steak smothered with mushrooms and onions melts in your mouth.  Another favorite of the kids was the Mac & Cheese.  This is actual REAL Macaroni & Cheese...doesn't get better than this!  Oh and guess what?? ? instead of chips and salsa for an appetizer you get...deviled eggs, sweet pickles, coleslaw, carrot salad and rolls.  That is almost a meal in itself!
4	Exactly what I wanted from Wickenburg.  Nice digs, with a cafe kind of feel (although I think they have a separate dining area) that serves pretty awesome sandwiches at a good price.  I stopped in for lunch as I was cruising 60 headed from Las Vegas to Phoenix.  There isn't a whole lot going on Wickenburg, but this place is right on the main drag and was open (both good things).  I got a sandwich and some sort of lemonade, and both were good.  The sandwich options were vast, but the bread choices left something to be desired considering all they had was sliced bread.  I am of the roll/hoagie/focacia/anything that isn't sliced bread camp and part of the reason is durability.  My bread couldn't contain the fresh and delicious meat, cheese, and veggies (including sprouts!!!) that were piled high inside.  The veggies were crisp and thick cut and the meat (turkey I believe) was fine as well.  It is also pretty large and I had to take the sandwich down over two sittings, but for the price it really is a great deal.  Loved the feel, with a definite southwest kinda vibe, even though the space inside is open and almost bordering on a hippie tip, or at least a healthy conscious fancy coffee drinking tip that is decidedly un-cowboy.  Either way if I am ever stopping in Wickenburg again I will hit up Nana's for sure.
4	Three of us had lunch at Nana's today - sampling their selection of sandwiches, quiche and chili - all good.  A great family-owned little cafe that's located in the heart of downtown Wickenburg.  Recommended!
5	Nana's Sandwich Saloon is an amazing place for great food. They offer fresh daily specials that you won't want to miss. I'm usually in Wickenburg during the day, so I miss the wine tasting events they hold every 2nd Wednesday from 5:30-8:30pm, but I hear they are very popular. Wickenburg is full of old west charm and it's worth staying overnight at the Los Viajeros Inn so you can take in the feel of Arizona's history and sampling the food at Nana's Sandwich Saloon.
5	It only took one time for this fun little sandwich crafter to get on my must do when in...list!  The menu offer a nice verity of stuffed sandwiches, beverages, and deserts!  I took the Western for a spin, and was blown away!  You get your choice of thick sliced fresh baked breads, tons of gooey, melty, delicious cheese, grilled green chillies, and a small side salad.  I can say without hesitation that this was the best grilled cheese I have ever consumed!  The peach tea was my beverage of choice, and it was just as good!  My only wish for this place would be that it was located closer to my home!  On second thought...my doctor might disagree.  Great food, real reasonable prices for the high quality, and the typical friendly folks of Wickenburg make this a must stop!
5	Delightful place for lunch.  Fresh food and best coconut cream pie ever.  Looking forward to another trip to Wickenburg and lunch at Nana's!
1	How does this place have such a high rating? The sandwiches are bland and unimaginative, the potato salad I ordered had more onions in it than potatoes, and the servers were impatient and snooty.I am not a picky eater. I sampled a couple of different things here and I didn't like any of it. I feel like I could make a better sandwich at home for 1/4 the price.  Which is what I would recommend doing if you're thinking about trying this place for the first time. Save your money, Nana's is too expensive for the quality of "food" they're offering.Nana's Sandwich Saloon: Come for the uncomfortable wicker furniture, stay for the lack-luster sandwiches.
5	Awesome! The Mustang sandwich was wonderful, and the chocolate banana peanut butter pie was amazing.  Need to stop here while in Wickenburg.
5	Stopped in here today for lunch with a friend.  Ordered Salads and Sandwiches.  Food was fresh, staff was friendly and made us feel welcome.  This place is very comfortable and inviting.  Didn't sample any of their desserts but if they taste half as good as they looked...........they will be amazing.Saw a couple splitting what looked like the best apple pie I have ever seen.  Kept hearing them talk about how delicious it was.Restroom is clean and well kept.5 Stars - I highly recommend.
2	Can we just talk about the bacon and cheese sandwiches here.Usually, when you order a cheese sandwich, you expect to receive cheese with your sandwich, right?Well, not here. Not at Nana's.At Nana's they give you some sandwich with your cheese.The slab of (apparently Kraft) cheese was almost thicker than my finger. It oozed out of the sides of the sandwich and malevolently crept onto my plastic plate, spreading its unnaturally orange goo wherever it touched. The other ingredients of the salad - bacon and salsa - seemed to hide in the bread, recoiling from the menace below.Eating the sandwich, all I could taste was the cheese.There was no bacon. There was no salsa.Only cheese.I'm uploading a photo of the sandwich so you can see for yourself. It's truly a monstrosity.Other than the Sandwich from Cheesy Hell, the restaurant was awkwardly quiet, the airspace filled only by the ticking of the clock and the clicking of silverware on plastic as the restaurant's one other patron, an elderly man, picked at his salad.I didn't feel "welcome" and the staff weren't "friendly", as other reviews have raved. I felt like I was at a Western-decorated mortuary.At least the apple pie was good.
5	Awesome! Stopped by yesterday and found this place by accident. My wife had chicken caesar salad. She thoroughly enjoyed it. I had the roast beef sandwich with potato salad. I like red onions and both had them. We had the last piece of pie left for the day. It was a home made deep dish style. Absolutely great. We would recommend this place to everyone.
5	Wow! This place is a jewel in the desert! Not what I would have anticipated from a tiny place in a tiny town. Seriously... it's almost worth driving from Vegas to have the taste in my mouth again. I was literally shocked that I could find something of this calibur in Wickenburg.
4	We passed through Wickenburg on our way to Sedona looking for a lunch option. We spotted Nanas, though sadly it was closed. But on our way back we had better luck. My traveling companion is vegetarian, so we were thrilled to find that Nanas offered a vegetarian option. I had the half sandwich and soup special (the green chile chicken soup was delicious). The place is pleasantly decorated, the staff friendly and helpful, and overall it's a great place to grab a quick bite and continue your journey.
5	We stopped for breakfast and had two excellent sandwiches. One was bacon egg and cheese and the other was a bacon green chilies on rye. They were both excellent. Large selection of hot tea that was nice. Coffee was good. We've been here other times for lunch and it was equally as good and their pies are great.
4	We only stopped in for a cup of tea before the local shops opened but had a lovely conversation with the owner Rene. She gave us great information about the town and shops and was very friendly, like we have known her for years. We had our tea under the shaded patio in back which was comfortable and charming. Quaint little gem in Wickenburg!
3	Such a cute & quaint little shop. Lots of antique and country type nick-nacks to browse and purchase. Dining room area is large and comfortable. Mom and I had a pineapple smoothie. It hit the spot in the 100+ degree weather! Next time I am in the Wittenberg area, I will definitely stop here.
5	Nice place and great service!   Had the veggie sandwich and spiced chai tea smoothie and I loved them!
5	Fresh and amazingly good food.  It is a must stop!!
4	This place is busy. Got our order quick, barely had time to warm up our chairs.  The Roper sandwich is delicious.  Prices are fair considering the location. I've had better cobbler.  More peaches then cobbler in this dessert.
5	A great find on way from Tucson to Vegas.  Homemade soup and huge fresh roll others had pastrami sandwich with great comments.  Fresh pies arrived as we finished lunch no room today but will stop on way back.  Service was quick and restaurant is clean and decorated with antique "stuff".
5	We had an exceptional lunch here where everyone in our party was saying it was the best salad or sandwich they had ever eaten. The environment, decor, food, service, staff, etc are all above par with a reasonable price range.  Excellent experience, we will be back!
1	On our way to Yarnell we stopped at Nana's to grab some coffee to go.  My daughter ordered a regular latte and they charged her $8.00.  Outrageous!  To add insult to injury the cup was only about 2/3 full.  The quality was average so she condsidered it a total rip off.  Never again.
5	Excellent food, that is reasonably priced.  Efficient, friendly service.   Might be one of the best places in town as it was standing room only the entire time we were eating lunch.
5	I'm usually not a big fan of sandwiches, but I was initially invited here for a Business lunch. It is by far my favorite sandwich shop. This weekend I made a drive to Wickenburg specifically for Nana's, and I would do it again. They have great hot sandwiches and they have great house dressing as well (I'm not much of a condiment person, but there is just something about their house dressing)  They also have a wide array of homemade deserts as well. The prices are a little higher than I would like to pay, but they are worth it.
5	Absolutely delicious! Cute atmosphere and great clam chowder. We also had the "Hitching Post" sandwich on marbled rye, which was super yummy. Don't miss the berry cream pie. Fantastic food, fast service and great overall lunch place.
4	The sandwiches are great. Nice people. Hometown feel in an historic western town. Quiet, peaceful and laid back.
1	Not real impressed at all. The food was so so, kind of tasteless. Seemed pretty expensive for what you get. Go to Subway and don't waste your money
4	Looked on Yelp for a place off Route 60 in AZ on our way home to California. Nana's came up and we gave it a try. Well worth the stop. Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, and great sandwiches. I'd definitely go back if in the area.
