5	I have never been to a shop like this before and it was awesome.  They walked me through the process and helped me to get a shirt even better than what I pictured.  I will be back many times to this fine establishment.  Thank you Brand X.Toronto
5	So father-in-law's birthday is coming up and Wifey decided that she's gonna make him a special shirt.  Well we are going up to Vegas in 5 days and it would take Zazzle 10 to make and ship.  Hey let's go to Brand-X!!  Smartest move ever...as i pat myself on the back.  Customized our t-shirt exactly how i mocked it up on Zazzle but even better and more personal touches...+ they have free super mario brothers why you wait...super duper sweet.  Will make up some scrub many of times...thanks Brand X
5	I've lost count of how many shirts I've made here. My favorite is my "I like to shoot things" shirt, which was an idea in my head that the BrandX designers were able to put into pictures. I love their creativity and what they can come up with for a simple phrase. I only wish I had more creative ideas for them to make into shirts.
5	"When do you need the shirts by?""How soon can you make 'em? We got a game tonight at 9."Concerned look on Shane's face, "I'm pretty sure I can do that."He did. I needed five shirts for my league team with a big logo on the back and different numbers on the front. I went into the shop around 4:30 PM and got a call around 8 PM saying the shirts would be ready by 8:30. I cut it close but the man delivered. Shane was very friendly and helpful. I got a 10% discount for ordering a "quantity"I brought the tees to my team and they all loved the shirts. They dug the design, the P.E. Shirt style, material and the fit. Oh, and by the way, we won all three games of our match that night. I'll be going back to Brand X.
4	I personally own three shirts from Brand X, two of which I've went in and got done myself, and have always been pleased with their work. It's pretty trendy, and can be a bit overwhelming if it's your first time, but the staff is super pro and really nice and helpful. I'm going to pick up some shirts we designed today tomorrow and am super excited.
4	My only experience with Brand X was PodcampAZ. They custom-made all the shirts right there on site. Love the type of shirt they used, and everyone is so nice! Then tragedy struck- my logo started to curl up and come apart after only a couple of washes. I was heartbroken, and then Charles came to my rescue! He was as distraught over this as I was. Immediately he contacted me and sent me out another shirt, along with a return envelope so I could send the defective shirt back and he could find out what went wrong. Charles, my knight in cotton-blend armor! Hey, things like that happen. The important thing is when they occasionally do, the problem gets fixed immediately. It is also a plus that they are a local company. Easy to get to, easy to exchange and get even more shirts made! Even if it's just ONE shirt- and no waiting a week or longer to get it. You get it while you are standing there thinking about how awesome this company is. I need more shirts, pronto.
5	Brand X is an original, and unique custom T-shirt store.  I have been going there for years. I will come up with a cool idea for a t-shirt for myself, or a friend, and they have the talent to put it all together.  The owners, and the graphic desighners are all very talented and helpful. For those who have never been there, it is a 3 step process. 1. You pick out the style shirt you would like.2. Then you choose the font style and colors. 3. Then you can add any additional graphics you may like.You actually get to sit with the designer ,on the computer and create your idea together. The pricing is very reasonable. Around $30.00 a pop. The advantage is you will be the only person to have the T-shirt you created. Also, a very cool idea for a personalized gift for someone. To my friends at Brand X.. You guys rock!
4	Good quality products and great customer service.  Thanks!
5	During the summer of 2010, I was on a hunt to find an online business to print some shirts for an event but found overpriced and complicated websites. I then went searching for a local business to help me with my shirt designs. Brand X had been recommended to me by a friend and I was deciding between this company and another and eventually settled on Brand X because the other company moved offices and didn't know their new location. Upon arriving my only print design was something i created on Microsoft Paint one drunken night. The designer was really patient and helpful with me when it came to picking colors, fonts, shirts and cleaning up my design. The price was in my price range, especially since I was ordering 65 shirts and they turned out great! The shirts were a huge hit and made a lasting impression. People to this day still wear the shirt. Since that first experience I have returned back to Brand X to create many more t-shirt designs. I've made shirts made for themed parties, gift items and even underwear. Generally when I go I prefer to work with Phil because he was so helpful with my first shirt design but I have worked with other designers and they are just as helpful and patient. The products are great and last a while. One shirt in particular I've worn on a regular basis and there is barely any fading and absolutely no cracking of the ink. They are quality products and really care about what the customer wants and work with you rather than against you. This is one local business I highly recommend.
5	Brand X is the BEST PLACE EVER to create or make a t-shirt for yourself, groups, organizations, family, or friends and I'll tell you why...It started about a couple of years ago when I first went to Brand X... At the time I had a friend that was starting a dirt bike service and maintenance shop and as a surprise gift I wanted to create T-shirts. Anyhow, Brand X was the first place that came to mind. I stopped by the store, logo in hand, and they were able to scan the image and help me with placement ideas as to where I wanted the logo to be on the shirt and get a bit creative. I was very pleased with the end result. I will tell you the shirts themselves are of the best quality as is the print. You really wouldn't suspect that they were made from a t-shirt shop. I can honestly say it's a 10 as far as the t-shirt and print quality go. Anyhow, my friend was absolutely impressed with the t-shirts and till this day goes to the same t-shirt shop to continue to make them for his customers. On another note to go on about the service and quality and why I will NEVER go anywhere else to get t-shirts made... On August 6, 2011 the United States lost several Navy SEALS and other special ops service men to the war. My boyfriend was one of those Navy SEALS. I really wanted to create something to always feel like I had a piece of him with me and create something to honor his death and well as his fellow teammates. Therefore, I thought what better way than to create t-shirts. Anyhow, one of my boyfriend's teammates had hand drew a picture of their SEAL teams logo. The drawing was so intricate I thought there was no way that Brand X could copy this exactly, and I settled in my mind for something close. I saw a different guy and was a little disappointed that I couldn't see the same person until after he had helped me I realized he was just as good as the last guy. You can trust anyone to help you and get the best service. It's not like a hair salon where you have to go to the same person. Anyhow, contrary to my belief that I would have to settle for a similar design to what I brought in (because the drawing was very intricate and detailed) it was actually exactly what I wanted! He even helped me create a few new designs, which I absolutely loved! I seriously wear my shirts all the time! I bought one in every style. A very cute deep v-neck, work out T, and a cute fitted thin hoody. I was actually out of town for business when they called me to tell me my shirts were ready. I was sooo excited to see them but my flight didn't land until 830pm and they closed at 9pm. I called they guy to ask him if it were at all possible if he could stay open a little later and to my surprise I was able to pick them up at 930pm. I really could not express how much that meant to me. As soon as I saw the t-shirts I could have cried because they came out better than I could have ever imagined. The story goes on... so I went to Brand X yet again because I now wanted to make shirts for Darrik's, my boyfriend's, family for Chistmas. Seriously, there is a shirt there for everyone. They have American Apparel, they had much thicker t-shirts, non-fitted, the kind that usually older people associate with quality. Perfect, right? Annnnd... to my surprise they had kids T's!!! It was perfect! Darrik had a son and I needed to make one for him too. So yet again, I had to work with a new person and he couldn't have done a better job. I wanted the same design but on the kids shirt I wanted a different design on the front. Background story, Darrik had a son named Landon. Anytime we went shopping for toys it was always an airplane. Darrik also had his civilian pilot's license and constantly took Landon on airplane rides in his Cessna. Also, overseas when they were clearing the rubbage of the crash where all the Navy SEALS and special ops soldiers died they found a toy airplane intact that Darrik kept attached to his parachute anytime he jumped or went on a mission. So, as you can tell this airplane has a lot of significant meaning and the drawing for the t-shirt HAD TO BE PERFECT! Anyway, I envisioned a big toy like version of a Cessna (airplane) on the front of Landon's shirt. Sure enough I found the perfect drawing. He helped me with drafting and placement and then added Landon's initials on the airplane. Again, it was absolutely perfect and BETTER than I envisioned!!! Moral of the story is whether your trying to create something meaningful for yourself, family or a friend... or your maybe trying to promote a business, heck I even thought about how this is a great place to make shirts for organizations... sororities... fraternities... costumes... bar crawl nights... sports teams... whatever...Brand X is the ONLY place I would ever go and a place that I would continue to go to for years to come due to the service and the quality.
1	They make nice stuff but it's not amazing. They have a lot of hidden costs such as $7 because you didn't buy the shirt there. They claim are a set up fee but things are all done on the computer.....$7 to type?! When it's all said and done you have paid for $2 of work and $14 of fees. I'll gladly take my business elsewhere.
5	The WORLD needs to know how amazing Brand X is!On a serious note:  BRAND X has superior customer service, emails are answered in a timely manner or more like..RIGHT AWAY  and  turnaround time is quick (depending on what you need).  You don't have to live in Arizona!!  Just shoot these guys an email and they will take very good care of you!   Thank you Phil X and Charles X!!  VIN-T BIKINI loves you and your staff:).
5	I called them up explained to Amber what I wanted and she nailed it perfectly. Prices not to bad for a custom shirt and I like how you can just have 1 made instead of more. I just wish Parking was free closer to them :)
4	I've used Brand X a couple of times now, most recently for a group Halloween costume. They are very patient, however, YOU must provide the creativity.  In my experience, it works best if you come with your own design -- not just as an idea in your head but executed artwork. I like that they keep the artwork on file, in case you want to reprint (or print additional). The quality both of the shirts and the actual printing are very good and they're quick!
5	This is a great locally owned business that has outstanding service and top quality materials. If you haven't been here yet, you're missing out. Go make the shirt you've always wanted!
2	They went from Sugar to Shit.  There are much better prices and accuracy and quality in east valley.  They sen orders out.  You can do this yourself on-line with free shipping elsewhere.1st shirt.....  Great! It's why I came back.  Grade. A2nd shirt had uneven letter type (the "L" is same height as lowercase "e") that I noticed after checking previous work when work went downhill.  Work:  B+ or B.3rd shirt....  Fast turn-around, but reviewed letters, and the lowercase L and e are same height, like second shirt.  Grade B4th order....  Nothing short of great.  Grade A5th order, great.  Grade A+5th order.... Wrong shade of yellow.  I DID NOT PICK ASU GOLD for a Jamaican Yellow.  There is no email, form, order verification or signature stating that I requested a color different than on the Apple monitor.  But, they make no mistakes...I don't even wear this jacket.  Ask any Jamaican and they would tell you ASU gold is not Jamaican Yellow.  Grade C.6th order....  Quick design and print turnaround.   Grade A-7th and final order...  Grade D.  Typo blamed on me.... I didn't print the shirt or fill out form or receive email to verify that spelling.  I offered to supply sweatshirt and they cover printing.  They wanted me to buy their shirt or supply one and pay the printing.No records of my selection of this spelling.  No email verification or order form.  Who will buy or wear a typo sweatshirt.  I took loss, not them.... They were paid.They gave me the Riot Act and runaround.  Called repeated before they "remembered to contact owner".  They lost $300-500 worth of monthly business over $5 of actual material that they charge $20-25 dollars for over-head of prime real estate.  YOU ARE A DOLLAR SIGN, NOT A VALUED CUSTOMER.   His solution... Reduce his profit and offer discounted print charge, while I pay costs of new sweatshirt and $11 printing.PHUCK THIS PLACE...  Contact me for my new, printer that values customers over grubby profit.  His business experience and knowledge compared to these upstarts is Night and Day or Apples to Oranges or ASU to University of Phoenix.   Greed, pride always arise before the fall...  YOU ARE OVER-CHARGED FOR PROXIMITY  TO CAMPUS.  SHOP AROUND AND COMPARE IN TEMPE, MESA, SCOTTSDALE, CHANDLER AND PHOENIX.  Many more, established and experienced places that charge less.From Sugar to Shit....  They hook you with proximity to ASU, but send work out to the real printers.  Oh yeah....  You can cut out this middle man and pay less.  Contact me...  I can show shirts of their work.   I have proof....  All of the shirts on your display to save you and your group money and headache.I told him that my money is green and accepted throughout Maricopa County at other print shops.  He said he did not care.....  Wow!
3	My stars are an average of my experience.  I stopped in to drop off a T I was having made for my Sister, The girl who helped us was very nice.  The pricing was more than I expected, there us to be a place out here on the west side that was half the price, but money was of no concern for my Sister... :)  I didn't have the two hours to wait, so I set it up to get picked up the next day.  Well, I got home and the next day realized I had made a big mistake, I handed them the wrong T shirt.  I called to order a new one and just use the Ts they have there instead of the style I wanted.  The person who answered the phone and took my order was so rude.  I took full responsibility for my mistake, ordered a new shirt, but he was seriously inconvenienced by my order.  He "didn't know if he had the time", he "just walked in to the office and was still trying to open" (at like 1130) and I wasn't even asking for a rush. Their website says it is done right away, and I was asking for something to be ready in 6 hours.  I think his name was Thomas, he was RUDE!
5	All the guys here are very helpful, the place is fun and sky's the limit for what you can create!! a mistake was made on my order (I was as much at fault for not catching it in the proof as the gentleman that helped me) it was corrected on the spot and I left with exactly what I wanted. I will actually make excuses to come back here again!!!
5	Brand X does an amazing job creating custom t-shirts and whatever else I want. They are my go-to place when I need a custom shirt or gift.  They have turned me into a t-shirt snob because the quality of their shirts is so good that I can't buy cheap t-shirts anymore. I've brought in some challenging projects and they creative and attentive staff has always found a way to make it work.
5	Brand X is the best option for anyone looking to get custom apparel made. Phil helped me make a large t-shirt order extremely easy and stress free. He was very helpful and responded to all emails in no time. The staff will work with you to customize your design exactly to your liking. They offer a variety of different quality t-shirts at a decent price. Skip the generic internet t-shirt printing and go to Brand X.
5	One of the very few screen printers that are willing to do one offs for a decent price . Great customer service, attentive and in my case a 24 hr turn around time. I will use them again.
5	Loved this place!! I had a very last minute idea, and these guys made it all happen quickly, and the quality of the shirts were way better than what I was expecting. I will be back for another fun round of shirts, I could probably outfit my whole closet of custom shirts. Keep it up guys, so glad to have you nearby inTempe
5	Fun, uber-professional and generally awesome. I've printed shirts for my kid, custom baby shower onesies, snarky sweatshirts, you name it.  The staff is great, the owner has customer service down to a "tee" (haaaa), and the atmosphere is lively.
5	Kalen was very helpful, had an idea when printing a few pictures. Seemed chill and really helpful. My gf couldn't stop looking at his cute curly hair
5	Good team, Quailty Merch, Fast Service. What more can I say?
5	Ordering our business T shirts was a Great Experience at Brand X Custom T shirts. Kevin helped us create our design!!!  The t-shirts are less expensive than competitors and the sales people are more helpful.
5	Great place
5	After working with another screen-printing company who dropped the ball on our order, Brand X was able to come through in a short amount of time with a super quality product. My only regret is that we didn't contact them first off! The design is true to what we requested and the quality of the workmanship is first class. I would highly recommend Brand X for custom t-shirt silk screening!
5	Got some shirts made for my business. The staff was great to deal with. Answered my questions promptly and artwork proof turnaround was quick. Prices were good and they are super convenient for me. I will definitely use them again!
5	We have traveled all the way from Boston twice to get our Brand X Shirts! Well, we were going to AZ for a volleyball tournament, but it's our first choice. The quality, attention to detail and service are second to none. Not only did we love both shirts the Brand X team designed for us, we got lost in that fun that is creating custom tees when we came to pick up! Can't wait to see this year's shirt....
5	Not only did Justin (one of the digital designers) design the perfect shirt for me, he went above and beyond to find the exact phrase that I wanted even though he had to ask 4-5 other staff members and even place a phone call to find it. He was responsive when I gave input in the design, he listened well to my needs, and he gave on-point recommendations when he noticed something could be improved. On top of all of that, my order was printed and ready to go within a few hours, which was way ahead of my deadline. The price was a little high and I had to wait 20 minutes to see an artist, but for the quality of service and final product it was worth the time and money spent.
5	I had a last minute project for a friend's Halloween costume.  I called them up asked them about solutions and there was no issue or rush charge.  I was able to get a custom made mug in two days.  I totally saved the day with Brand X's help!  Muchos Gracias!
5	I've used Brand X multiple times for gifts as well as recreational team shirts. Whether ordering 3 shirts or more than 15, the Brand X team has always been super helpful and quick to respond to my needs. They have a great turnaround time and have always had my items ready well before my deadline. I am so appreciative of their flexibility, creativity, and patience - they are my first choice for custom print jobs hands down!
4	I ordered a shirt from Brand X pretty much 100% online and submitted my own artwork. They did a very nice job of calling me to confirm my order and talk through exactly what I wanted. They sent me a proof along with my quote and then a second proof after a wanted some minor changes. It's very clear that the staff works as a team and they did a nice job on the shirt that I had produced. The reason for a four and not a five star, --- The website was a little bit clunkier than some of the other T-shirt design websites online, but I wanted to spend my money locally. I wanted to spend my money in Tempe. I would recommend this store.
5	What an amazing place with awesome staff.  I have done A LOT of shirts with Brand X as well as sweatshirts and hoodies.  Great quality shirts, great printing and great prices.  I requested photos on some and they were done to perfection.  They are more than willing to fix anything that needs to be done to make a customer happy.  I will only buy my custom shirts form Brand X.
5	We approached Brand X only a few days before a big entrepreneurial event, and they were incredibly helpful in accommodating our needs and getting the shirts turned around quickly. Our designer was incredibly happy with the flexibility offered with the customization and the quality of the t-shirts was great. Definitely recommend Brand X for any print job, big or small!
5	At the last minute before a family vacation, we decided to do tshirts for everyone. Brand X could not have been more accomodating. They turned the shirts around quickly, were patient with us during the design phase and the price was very reasonable. The best part is the tshirts they use are great quality. Modern cut and great fabric. Everyone loves them!
5	Had a last minute request, literally needed it the next day.  These guys/gals rushed it for me and it came out great!  Highly recommend!
