2	While on a run up State St. with my better half, we passed the spot that was previously occupied by Paul's Club and were surprised that a new restaurant had opened up.  Always up to try new thing (us being absolutely ravenous also didn't hurt), we showered up and returned that evening to try it out.The owners did a nice job with renovating the space post-Paul's tree.  The bar is on your right when you walk in and tables line up against exposed brick left wall.  The menu is heavy on the sandwich options (burgers and paninis) with some appetizers, salads, and main entrees sprinkled in.We started out with the sweet potato skins stuffed with cheese, chorizo, and green onions.  While the spiciness of the chorizo played well with the sweetness of the sweet potato, the sour cream based dip was fairly bland and did nothing to complement the dish.  For our main course, I went with the nacho burger while Katie tried her luck with the grilled cheese.  Both sandwiches come with your choice of side or soup.  Advertised with jalapenos, a lime avocado sauce, crispy strips of tortillas (among other things), I was expecting the burger to pack a punch of flavor.  It was more like a limp handed slap when I bit into it.  Just nothing exciting about it.  The same could be said about the green beans.  Sauteed in garlic butter, the green beans were just OK.  Something I could easily duplicate at home.The grilled cheese (served on Madison Sourdough bread) came with cheddar and gruyere but neither cheese really stood out.  The cheddar was extremely mild and tasted more like American cheese than a true cheddar.  Again, something we could easily duplicate (and improve on it) at home.I struggle with giving negative reviews when a restaurant first open but with the high density of restaurants and the heavy competition that comes with it, I feel a restaurant has only once chance to impress a diner. Its critical they get it right. This didn't happen with us and unless I read differently from other Yelpers, don't think we will be stopping back in.
4	We were looking for a simple, light, summer dinner on State Street on a Tuesday evening.  Both my husband I ordered salads.  The grain salad was a delightful mixture of Israeli couscous, arugula, pine nuts, feta, grilled zucchini and mushrooms, and tomatoes.  I ordered it with grilled shrimp and it was very tasty and the serving was quite generous.  My husband's Caesar salad (with grilled chicken) was also very satisfying.  The service was excellent.
3	608, like the area code, you see? booze! FRiendly staff. Control the juke box with your phone. Open until 2 am-ish, except for Sundays.
3	Always excited to see new establishments on State Street, I came across 608 Restaurant after spending the morning at the Overture Center. While the brunch menu was limited for 'lunch' items, the two Panini offerings read good enough to give them a try. While the plates came out looking great, the food was somewhat lacking in flavor, with slightly greasy bread; the side salad of mixed greens was good (nice, crisp greens), but the corn chowder soup was bland - more chowder than corn. Overall, the restaurant had a nice, friendly vibe, but nothing too special, especially for State Street. I may return after the restaurant has a few more months under it's belt, but I'm hoping for a few more options and a little more flavor.
3	My wife and I were downtown for a show. By pure habit our feet took us to the door of Paul's Club. . . only thing is that they moved up a few doors and we found ourselves at the 608 Restaurant. Looking for dinner we decided to check it out. Things were up and down as far as number of stars. I'll try to rate things along the way to give you an idea what I mean.The staff was very friendly  (5 stars) - we got a nice greeting at the door and were seated at a table across from the bar. Our waitress was quick to come by with water and asked if wanted drinks. We did and both ordered beers (one tap one bottle). These took an awful long time to make it to us (3 stars), not sure why. My wife ordered a burger with BBQ and sweet potato fries. I got the Fish Fry that you could order off the menu or all-you-can-eat for a few dollars more. Food came out pretty quick and looked good and had decent portions (4 stars). My fish fry was pretty good. The breading had good flavor and was not too greasy. Slaw was fresh and tasty as were the fries. Tarter was in this tiny tin pitcher thingy - which was difficult to use, but ok. (4 stars). My wife's burger was big, had a real nice bun - but she didn't care for the taste. She kept saying it tasted like a "Lipton Soup burger" you make at home. (3 stars). Their was some wild garlic, spicy sauce too that came with her burger (or fries) that she didn't care for but I thought I was excellent. Just didn't go with either of our meals. Weirdest thing was the music when we were there. I think this was just default music that played up until someone picked songs on the Jukebox. Maybe the idea was to play such awful music that it would urge people to put money into it. . . .I don't know - but we both were blown away by the super cheesy 80s love songs coming out of it. Very bad (2 stars). Guess we should have played something...Atmosphere and prices were OK. Tough one to rate really. Wasn't thrilled, but I think I would go back again and try a panni. I think the chef was pretty good and I'd like a 2nd impression. Hopefully we'll get back again soon.
4	I really really really really like 608. A lot. I've stopped by a few times for various reasons, and I've never been disappointed. The staff is friendly, but not overly so, which I like. The food is awesome (especially the unique/unexpected but classy presentation. Fries in glasses guys!), which I like. And they have big TVs and take pride in being a Madison bar, which may sound obvious but is something I also like. I just wish the mac & cheese was a little less pricey, because I've always wanted to try it but can never justify spending the $14 to actually eat it. Maybe next time...
4	During my recent visit I had the 608 burger.  I ordered it medium rare and with a side of grilled seasonal vegetables. The burger was perfectly cooked, but the sunny side up egg that sat on top was not cooked enough for my liking. I absolutely love a runny yolk, but I do no like gooey translucent egg whites still on my egg. I went along by scraping off the gooey egg whites off  and proceeded with the burger. I didn't want to bother with ordering another egg because the bartender was busy putting Christmas decorations. The highlight of the dish were the grilled vegetables. There were green beans, zucchini, mushrooms, and carrots. They were delicious! Veggies had great seasoning and seemed to have some sort of sauce, but that may have been the natural juices of the vegetables. I do plan on stopping by again for the grilled veggies. If I do get an egg, I will make sure to specify over medium!
3	608 exists where the old Paul Club's existed. The atmosphere is nice, and location pretty nice. Overall, this is a place I would try again, but am not sold on it. My friend and I met pretty early in the evening on a pretty cold day- we were greeted pretty quickly, and the friendly service continued throughout the meal.Since it was early both us opted for paninis with mixed greens. I tried the pulled pork sandwich, and  I would not call it a Panini, it was really just a toasted sandwich. The pork tasted yummy, but something about the sandwich as a whole did not work for me. The greens were decent. My friend describes her  salmon sandwich, which looked a little more like panini although not really, as yummy but not filling. 608 was okay, another trip might be warranted to try some of their appetizers, which look pretty interesting.
4	This place just keeps getting better. I was aiming for a light lunch while out with a friend, so I got the Four Crostini appetizer as my meal...so worth it. All the cheeses and fruit were fresh, and there are some great classic combinations involved: apple + brie, goat cheese + cherries, and blue cheese + fig. Super filling; on special (I think?) for $6.08, of course; and super tasty. I am super happy.
1	Here at 608 right now. My friend has killed 4 flies in 20 minutes and they skipped my song on the jukebox. Pass.
2	Pretty disappointed. We went here at 7:30pm on a Saturday night. I ordered the pulled pork panini with sweet potato fries. It wasn't a panini, more like a sloppy joe on an extremely stale ciabatta. This was accompanied by approximately 15 of the floppiest, room temp sweet potato fries. The service was average and the music was super loud EDM. I know it's a bar on state street but I should still be able to have a convo with the person sitting next to me at 8:00pm without shouting. Bummer.
3	Good atmosphere sitting outside. Trio of fries was delicious. Wings were average. Nice spot for beers and appetizers. Would go again.
1	Poor service.... We sat down and ordered within minutes.  About 30 minutes later, we inquired about our food, and the wait staff at the bar said the order was never entered.  Because we were under a time constraint, we decided to leave.  No offer was made to entice us to stay, and right their wrong.
3	Husband and I stopped in at 608 on two recent visits to the State St. area. Very good cocktails - super friendly bartender that aims to please. Generous wine pours. Chicken and watercress Panini was a solid choice - I appreciate the gluten free bread option! Salads were tasty and fresh. We both enjoyed the French fry trio. While we don't usually order dessert, the salted caramel sauced won-tons with ice cream proved too tempting to resist. Quirky but good! Perfect for sharing. All in all, a good choice for an easy, lighter dinner. Service is friendly, place has a nice vibe, prices are very reasonable.
4	We got to this restaurant around 6:30pm on a Saturday night.   It was a 45 min wait for a table so we chose to sit and eat at the bar. The staff was very nice, especially the owner. They were accommodating to my paleo diet request and my sister loved her garlic spicy chicken wings. They were really good! The only downfall was not being able to see multiple football games.  We wanted to see FSU but he only had the capability to play one game and the majority picked the badgers; other than that, great food, mojitos and atmosphere.
3	You know I'm a connoisseur for a good Bloody Mary on a Saturday, and the bartender here made it clear he was not.  Never the less, the Bloody was pretty good and before I was finished about 6 other people were enjoying them around me too.  The cheese curds were clearly house made and pretty tasty.  Unique in flavor and texture with an enjoyable side of aioli. If given the option, I would give 608 3.5 stars, but on this one I had to round down instead of up.  I wish some of the Madison photos they had on the bar and around the room looked like they weren't printed out on the office printer...
