1	This place is the Pitts (putting it mildly).we walked in after church on a Sunday afternoon,my friend's young boys wanting Denny's pancakes,we got there the place was empty after waiting a few minutes to be seated the host walked us past eight empty stalls that would have been fine for the 5 of us three adults and two young boys,she put us way in the back next to the stinky restrooms then after 5 minutes of waiting we decided to bail,mind you the place was near empty.We did not want to make a scene in front of the boys we decided to eat at an other place where we we're treated with respect,my take this place or the workers do not take well to people not like them.The restaurant was dated and it was dirty if i where the owners of the Denny's name i would make this franchise change their name,guess they don't realize that the 60's are long gone.
2	I've been to this Denny's a couple of times and its been consistently just OK.  The staff is a bit frazzled during busy times so double check your order and be prepared for stuff missing. The food is Denny's, what can I say. Its filling inexpensive and if u become a member you get 20% off coupons regularly. So that's good. Really, its a diner...I've been to better...I've been to worse....have at!
5	Of all my denny's experiences, this one had been the best location. The staff is friendly, the food is quick, and its clean. The area outside is nice, and well lit.
1	I've been burned by the service here before but this is the first time I've dealt with getting served in dirty dishes and at a dirty table. The waitress had us waiting for a while to seat us without a word, sat is at a sticky table, was quick with our order like she was in a hurry...there are only a couple other tables with people here, served me milk in a glass that had food stuck inside it, didn't ask if we wanted anything else before dropping the check in on us and walking away. The only reason we came here was for a dessert and our usual late night date place, IHOP, didn't have much of a dessert selection. I don't think we'll be coming to this Dennys again.
1	Soda is ALWAYS flat here, if I'm going to pay for soda i'd like it to be decent... Table was dirty as well
4	You can never go wrong with Denny's. Perfect hang over food.
2	It's not the food that I have a complaint about, as that's standard for every dennys. If you like breakfast food then you will like the menu here. My complaint is that it is always SUPER busy in here and there are way too many screaming kids! The wait is outrageous and the wait bench is stationed right next to the claw machine, so as you can imagine there's plenty of irresponsible parents letting their kids run all around you to go play the rigged thing. It is not a relaxing place to eat breakfast. Next time I crave Denny's I will go to an alternate location!
4	Denny's is Denny's.EggsBaconSausageHash brownsPancakesFrench toastAnd other breakfast items.A wide array of lunch and dinner options too.Service was good.Remember the $2, $4, $6 & $8 value meals.Nice, clean interior.  Looks like a newer location.
3	Staff is always friendly.  This location is always packed and there is usually a wait to get in.
