5	We were delighted to discover a Cora's in Kitchener. Anyone in the area in need of some quality breakfast, look no further.
5	There is a good reason Cora's is always packed full of people. The food was excellent; it was hot when it came, and the fruit was fresh and actually tasted like fruit. Also the coffee is pretty good, which is important to me at a breakfast place. We arrived at 10:30 on a Saturday morning, and waited for 20 minutes to be seated but the food was worth the wait. (If you're a group of more than 4, you may have to wait longer for a table)The server we had was clearly stressed at the volume of people, and was at times not very polite, but was still able to come around with coffee and get us our bill in a timely manner. Cora's is much more expensive than most breakfast places (breakfast for two came to $30.40 +tip) but is worth it.
2	I really don't understand all the hype about Cora. It is an over-priced breakfast place with nothing more than your typical breakfast options.The wait was long. It must've been 10 minutes before the waitress even brought the menus. I had the French toast with fruits. Nothing impressive. I tried my husband's omelet and it was ordinary at best. The meal did not bring me more satisfaction than a bagel & coffee at Tim Horton's, but it certainly cost a lot more.  And considering how much time I spent driving there and back and waiting for my food, I probably could've whipped up a better breakfast on my own. I guess Cora is a place for people who have lots of free time in the morning and don't mind spending up to 20 bucks on breakfast.
2	I've had a bad experience at Cora's. Normally I tend to leer away from this restaurant, I think it's over priced. I had ordered a veggie omelet, about two bites in I found a substantially sized piece of plastic, in which I came very close to swallowing. I was in a rush, so I had to decline their offer of a remake, but other than that there was no compensation offered. I was very disappointed to say the least. I will not be paying Cora a visit anytime soon.
4	Mmmmmmmmm! NOM NOM NOM NOMMMMMM! I like a good healthy home made breakfast, and it doesn't get any better than this place.  I love the display of fruit they create and the hollandaise sauce is incredible. The scenery inside kinda looks like a preschool and I feel Iike the place should be filled with different sized highchairs to fit the decor instead of seats. But I did learn B was for Bacon....  I look past it, because its the Best breakfast  ever!  It can get very busy(hence 4* rating), lining up down the street. which is why I go on a weekday because it's not nearly as busy as the weekends.  You're looking about $13 a person and you get what you pay for, its worth ever cent.
5	perfect breakfast spot, blueberry pancakes were delicious and fluffy! service was friendly and so many mouthwatering options, will be back!
1	I have never once in my life waited an hour for food. Until today. I could have ordered my food, left, took a bus to Mel's, paid $5 for the same amount of food, ate, got on a bus back uptown, and my food still wouldn't have been here. I could have repainted the Sistine Chapel in the time its taken to get my food. Seriously, $2.40 for a coffee? Don't waste your time or money here. Go to Mel's.-----------Update: Once I graduated and raised my children, I got my food.  Food was alright! A bit cold, but I can't complain. What I CAN complain about is that I didn't get toast. I was asked what kind of toast I wanted, but it never came!Also, when we asked for syrup the waitress said "I have two hands" as if me waiting 10 minutes to get ketchup was an inconvenience to her instead of me. Well, I'm never coming back. I urge people in waterloo to never come here. Overpriced, terrible service. But yeah I feel like if the food wasn't cold it would have been decent.
4	I got three eggs bacon and sausage served in a bed of fresh tomatoes with fresh fruit on the side. As a paleo eater this restaurant worked great for me.
