4	Absurd.That word accurately describes the quality of the food (it is absurdly good) and the prices (they're absurdly high). Were it not for the prices, Richard Chen would easily be my favorite American-inflected Chinese restaurant in the US. Despite its pretenses and pedigree (Richard Chen runs the Wing Lei restaurant at the Wynn in Las Vegas, and is the only Michelin-starred Chinese restaurant in the US), Richard Chen (the restaurant) does deliver an exceptional fine dining experience with only a few hiccups, all remedied if management chooses to fix them.The decor is simple and a little spare. Tables are set with chopsticks for initiated and with modern, sleek knives, forks, and spoons for those who may be less confident with their chopsticks skills. Service is unpretentious and friendly. The menu is a touch confusing - it isn't clear if it is a traditional Chinese restaurant where family dining is expected and encouraged or if it is a traditional fine dining restaurant where you order your own apps and entree. An explanation at the beginning of the meal would go a long way toward helping the diner decide how to approach the menu.The menu is organized into appetizers: dim sum, hot plates and cold plates. Appetizers begin at $8 and go up from there. There are traditional dishes like shimp dumplings (ha-gau), mushrooms rolled in soy sheets, shu mai, hot and sour soup, and more creative dishes involving jellyfish. There are also salads for diners seeking more traditional fine dining menu fare.Entrees are broken into meat, fish and poultry. The last page of the menu features rice, noodles, and vegetables. Our party decided to share everything, and not a bite was leftover at the end. We ordered the five spice duck, which was tender and delicious, although there was still a touch of fat left under the skin; the szechuan prawns, which were tender, brightly acidic, and not too sweet; the lobster, which at $42 was utterly outrageous but delicious; and the clay pot bass, which was one of my favorite dishes all night.We also ordered a number of sides, including wok-tossed rice noodles (nothing special but a nice foil to the other dishes), the string beans (simple and good),and one of the fried rice dishes made with brown rice (wonderful). They can make any of the rice dishes with red rice, brown rice, or jasmine rice. All are great options.Overall, we loved the food, which was brightly seasoned, made with fresh ingredients, and prepared with an expert hand. Our appetizers were less exciting to us, which is a shame, as I always expect appetizers to shine in fine dining establishments, as that's one of the few places where experimentation is tolerated. Dessert was also good - the pastry chef has a lofty reputation in the US and while we enjoyed her desserts and they may be among the best in Pittsburgh, I was disappointed. Everything tasted great, but nothing was daring or pushing the envelope. Flavor combinations - peach and brown butter, coconut and tropical fruits, strawberries and panna cotta - have been done for many many years. For Pittsburgh the desserts are probably just daring enough. There could be more dialogue between the sweets on the menu and the savory items, which, though described as 'fusion', really live more on the Chinese side of the flavor and preparation spectrum.Richard Chen is a little too pricey to join a regular restaurant rotation, but for a special occasion, it is a fine place to drop a few dollars.  Perhaps one of the finest places in Pittsburgh.
3	This is easily the most anticipated restaurant to open in Pittsburgh that I can recall.  Richard Chen is the chef/owner of Wing Lei located at the fantastically over the top Wynn in Las Vegas. Wing Lei is the only michelin star rated asian themed restaurant in all of North America and is clearly regarded as one of the best Asian restaurant in this country.  This fact makes it all the more noteable that he's chosen to open his second venture in Pittsurgh, and not only Pittsburgh, but s'liberty (The economically challenged East Liberty section of Pittsburgh).  It opened a couple of weeks ago and clearly has benefited from the hype, having very long waits and difficult key reservation times.  A friend and I naively thought we'd take a shot at trying to get in  Friday night.  We stopped in at 730 PM and were told that the earliest table for two wouldn't be until 900 PM.  This was not a big surprise, so we walked across the street to sample some wine in the newly renovated Red Room.  We stopped back a little before 900 PM and were told we still had a small wait, so we thought we would have another drink at the unusually small bar.  I really am surprised or I guess I should say disappointed that the bar area only has about 5 seats and the restaurant overall doesn't have much room for anyone waiting for a table, nevertheles we were able to get a seat.at the bar.  I'm a little embarrassed to admit, but I ordered an espressotini, which was really really good.  After a few minutes we were sat towards the back in a perfectly acceptable table.  The space itself is relatively small with seating for I'd guess about 80-100.  The tables are somewhat close together and the owner definitely prefers a minimilist approach to his restaurant.  The ceilings are extremely high with beautiful huge paper decorations.  I found the service to be quite good given the fact this place just opened.  We had multiple servers which were all attentive and friendly.  The menu is pretty large serving some of the more en vogue meat items such as kurobuta pork and kobe beef.  We started with pot stickers and some type of poached lobster appetizer.  I found the pot stickers to be average.  They were relatively small and underseasoned. I wasn't pleased either with the poached lobster, which was tasteless and served with a very bland sauce.  On my next visit I really want to try some of his soups or other dishes served in a pot.  Others around us were sampling these and the fragrance was awesome.  We ordered some fried rice to go with our entrees.  The fried rice was great, seasoned well and very fresh tasting.  I tried the kurobuta pork, which is to pork what kobe is to beef.  It was amazing!  A vey nice pork chop perfectly seasoned well marbled and a sweet sauce.  One of the best pork chops if not the best I've ever had.  My friend ordered the kung pao chicken, which I think she said was the best she's ever tried.  I sampled and was really impressed with the flavor.  Again, there is a freshness with these dishes and a crispness to the flavor that I am unfortunately unfamiliar with in many asian dishes.  We skipped the desserts, however he had some interesting options.  The executive chef, I think Alex is his name came out to ask about our meal.  It was a really nice touch and the chef seemed genuinely interested in our feedback.  He's actually a british guy ( I think Alex is his name), who for whatever reason chose Verona/Oakmont ( a small suburb where I'm from to settle in for his time in Pittsburgh).  I thought it was cool to have an asian restaurant in Pittsburgh being captained by a guy from the british empire.  I asked about Chef Chen who was there that night.  He said he'll split his time between vegas and Pittsburgh.  I have no doubt this place will deserve four or five stars once they've had a chance to work out some of the kinks on the current menu or if I do a better job of picking my items.  I didn't think the prices were too outrageous, definitely much less than I payed at Wing Lei.  The food/menu currently isn't near as good or as interesting as Wing Lei, but with chef Chen spending half his time here I'm sure this place will also start to receive some of the national acclaim its sister restaurant currently enjoys.  I really hope he expands the bar.  It is clearly not meant as a bar where people can eat and that's a shame for the single businessman who enjoys good food.
3	We were very lucky to call at 6:00 on a Friday night asking for a 7:30 reservation and we happened to get in.The visit was much anticipated - we'd walked past the restaurant, located in the Eastside complex just off of Penn Circle, a number of times. We arrived on time and were seated promptly by a smiling hostess who led us through an extremely full dining room to our table. The table, which was uncomfortably close to two 4-tops at the back of the room, was nicely set and complimented the open, airy feeling of the rest of the space. I agree with the other poster who suggested that they could remove 30% of the tables from the dining room. We had two servers taking care of us, which my date found to be a positive but I thought it only made the evening more confusing, with one server asking whether the other had already taken drink orders, collected our check, etc. Both servers were extremely personable, but one was much more confident and knowledgeable about the menu than the other, leading me to believe that consistency of service is a problem that they will have to iron out.The drink menu was a bit confusing (cocktails are named by number, as in RC1, RC2, etc.) but each drink was well thought out. I could have ordered and been happy with more than half of the drinks on the menu, and with a price tag of only $9 each that may not be as prohibitive as it sounds.The food was delicious. We ordered two appetizers - shumai dumplings (steamed and filled with pork and shrimp, $8) and the tuna sashimi (which is the jellyfish dish - the cubes of tuna, which were delicious, sit on a bed of julienned veggies and marinated jellyfish, $12). Service confusion made it possible for us to try the crystal shrimp dumplings, which were delivered to our table though we did not order them. They were tasty, but the tuna was the star of that course.Four our main courses, my date and I ordered the lamb chops and clay pot sea bass, respectively. Both dishes came out within minutes of our appetizers being cleared, so the kitchen obviously has their timing down to a science. The Elysian Fields lamb, which is from nearby Greene County, was absolute perfection. My fish was tasty, well seasoned, and cooked to perfection in its clay pot. I didn't realize that there was tofu in the dish, so I enthusiastically bit into what I thought was a small piece of fish to be startled by the tofu - not a problem since I like tofu, but it was unexpected as it was nowhere in the dish's description on the menu. Our server coaxed us into buying dessert and we chose the white chocolate yuzu almond cake which was awesome. It came alongside a scoop of berry ice cream which was placed on a bed of blueberries, blackberries, and raspberries. My date literally scraped the dish clean.In all, an wonderfully satisfying meal.
3	My expectations may have been a bit high, the food was good, but was a bit on the bland side of taste.  When I first got there, I thought this would be a great date place... that was until I actually ate something.We started with the Hamachi Tataki which because it was only half of a bite left too much to the imagination.  We also had Spring Rolls - these were excellent.I had the Wok Sea Bass which was decent and light but was unfortunately drenched in a sauce - also it came with these rectangular pieces of something - I assume Sea Bass - that reminded me of Burger King's French Toast sticks in size, look and texture.  Because they were so drenched in the sauce, I have no idea what they actually tasted like or what they were supposed to be.  For all I know they could have ran to Burger King, bought french toast sticks and threw them in to season things up.My friends had the Beef Rib Eye in a Soy Garlic Glaze which I sampled, the taste was good but the texture was chewy instead of tender; and the Chili Prawns which I didn't sample, only because they were more appetizer-ish in nature due to their size and quantity.  Overpriced for what essentially was a shrimp cocktail.Service was decent, the waiter was a bit of a schmuck, but you'll have that.  I swear he also farted near our table at one point because it became difficult to breathe from the smell. He attempted to steer us away from a bottle of wine which I knew to be good in attempts to have us buy a bottle which was triple the price - informing me that my choice wasn't that good.  I instead settled on beer and one of my friends then just had a glass of the wine I suggested which she allowed me to taste and I was happy that the wine was, in fact, solid.The highlight of the meal for me was the spring rolls.After a few hours to think about it 3/5
3	Like most people on here have already said, Richard Chen doesn't live up to the crazy hype.The space is stunning. I can't think of another restaurant that looks this good. Clean whites with dark wood accents. Very minimal but executed perfectly.Service was friendly and fast. Our server was at our table immediately after being seated. Silverware was quickly replaced, plates were cleared instantly and quietly. Conversation was never interrupted by the server once and the suggestions were great. It was top-notch for that.The food is the reason why this place has been knocked down.We started with an order of the spring rolls and the hamachi tataki. The spring rolls were incredible, but that's not saying much. They're just spring rolls. Not exactly the hardest dish to nail in the world. The Hamachi Tataki was impressive yet small. It melted in your mouth...great fish flavor, great presentation.When we moved onto the entrees, things went downhill. Sauces on all three of the dishes ordered at our table (Ribeye with soy garlic glaze, Wok Fried Sea Bass, Sichuan Chili Prawns) were too heavy and most lacked flavor. I wasn't expecting this as I was under the impression that the whole idea of this restaurant was to get away from the standard heavy/boring Chinese food thing.The ribeye was what I had, so I'll talk about that mostly. It was my favorite of the three. The sauce on this one had the most flavor of anything we had, It was sweet but not overwhelming. Still too heavy however. The cut of meat had a bit too much fat on it and at times was difficult to cut through.We skipped dessert to get home in time for the presidential debate, but the menu looked enticing. I will go back because I would like to try some other dishes and they have a great four-course evening special. Overall, Richard Chen is a welcome addition to Pittsburgh's dining scene, but needs to improve the food in order to live up to the expectations they set. For the money, there are better options in Pittsburgh.
3	The food here was good, and the service was good.  The atmosphere is also nice.  I don't know why I'm giving such low marks, given that if this had been anywhere else (meaning, less hyped up), it would have gotten 4 stars.  I think the part that brings this place down is the unwarranted association between Chinese food and cheap food.  Somehow, you think that Chinese food is typically cheap, so you are aghast at the prices that Richard Chen's charge.Allow me to say that this association is unwarranted here.  The quality of the ingredients used is as high or higher than the other expensive restaurants in Pittsburgh.  For example, we had the sea bass clay pot, and the sea bass was legitimately chilean sea bass, which is quite expensive.  The beef for the Mongolian beef dish was also very high quality.  So even though the dishes are not a radical departure from traditional Chinese food, the ingredients most certainly are of higher quality.That being said, I don't think that simply putting more expensive ingredients into a Chinese dish automatically raises the inventiveness of the dish.  And that is probably what disappoints me the most about this place.
3	My wife and I debated long and hard about 2 or 3 stars.The atmosphere is nice, and the service was fine. But the food wasn't very good to be honest. We ordered the pork, which was good, but bordering on tough and dried-out. In general, the food was a shade towards luke-warm, and on the side of under-seasoned. I know that tastes vary, but I think you can find much better food at Soba, or even PF Chang at the Waterfront.We've both eaten at some truly exceptional restaurants. The key is that they maintain consistently high performance every night. Maybe Richard Chen Pittsburgh has great food sometimes, but it was bland and uninspired when we went.
3	It is OK.  I was disappointed to get my food on the cold side of the scale.  I would thought, considering the hype and prices, that this would be a detail to take care of.Other than that the ambiance is great and the drinks are good too.
5	Probably the best meal I've ever had. The pork was sooo good... and I don't even like pork that much. The cocktails were dangerously delicious. I had one with crushed fruit in it that I think was their specialty so make sure to ask for it!Impeccable service, beautiful decor, and a diverse menu made this a night to remember. I definitely recommend it!
5	Delicious! This was definitely up there with the best meals I've ever eaten - excellent in every way imaginable.  I especially enjoyed the scallops and the hazelnut ice cream.  Even though this is an expensive restaurant, the quality measures up so it won't feel like a waste of money.
5	I've been to Richard Chen a few times now, first during the "soft" opening then after the official opening.  It exceeded my exceptions every time.The is something new which is good, a number of places are pretty much the same.  Also, unlike a number of "celebrity chef" restaurants Richard Chen actually makes it a point to make some of the meals - he greeted us the first time we were there.
5	We went to Richard Chen's on Saturday night. We arrived promptly for our 7:00 pm reservation and was very surprised to see that the restaurant was more than half empty. With all the great reviews, we thought it seemed a little strange. We were seated at a lovely table at the west end of the dining room. The atmosphere was very relaxing, even when the restaurant began to fill up. Our server David was very friendly and happy to give recommendations. I got a super yummy guava margarita, BJ had a Stella. We both opted for soup, I had the vegetable won-ton, Jim had the lobster miso. Both were excellent. For dinner, I had the Spicy Wok Fried Chicken. The dish was very flavorful and I loved the shishito peppers. Jim had the beef tenderloin, it was perfectly cooked and was very delicious. His only complaint was that the accompanying fries were boring and bland. Dessert very totally amazing. We had the crunchy chocolate caramel bar with hazelnut ice cream. It was by far the most amazing dessert that we have ever had. We also shared some sort of parfait that was also very good. Our server seemed to disappear part way thru our dinner. Turns out that he was serving the stock holders who were held up in the private dining room. He was a little flustered about the meeting and it turns out he had a right to be. According to the Post gazette, the decision has made to close the restaurant. How very disappointing.  We fell in love with this restaurant and just like that, it's gone!
