4	I saw Dr. Edwards from the age of 6 to the age of 23, and he was always great!
1	I don't even want to give this practice any stars, as I have to agree with one of the other comments that was made. This practice does not care about their patients. Every time, not just one time, but every time, the wait was over an hour to be put in a room to even be seen. I even tried an evening appt. and it was even worse. I had change from another bad doctor for my mom  when they were in their old office and she did not really have a lot of issues at that point, never had to wait very long, they would call you back with test results, so all was pretty typical and a far cry from the quack she had been seeing in Chandler. I thought we had made a good change. But when they moved, this office was nothing but a joke.I had brought her in for a follow up visit to a hospital stay and at that appt. I knew she was due for another script for her Thyroid medicine. I assumed like always that they would do a blood draw to find out where her levels where like they have always done. Nope, he just wrote her another script for 6 months. I should have said something, but I am not the doctor, they are suppose to be the experts.So I filled it for her and went on with life.Then came Sept 8th, 2014 and I took my mom in as she was showing some signs of not feeling very well. On this visit we waited again over an hour and they kept saying someone would be in and how sorry they were. Finally after we had now been there over an hour and 45 min. I said enough was enough and went out into the hall and told someone that my mom needed to be seen. I am usually not like this, but this was becoming something that this office thought was ok to do to people!!!!!One of the primary Dr. of this practice finally came in and took a look at my mom. He checked her lungs and heart, but never once felt or checked her stomach.  I have always seen doctors check the stomach for bowel sounds along with the heart and lungs when being seen by a doctor. Just customary I thought along with feeling the abdomen.I think if he would have he would have known what the real problem would have been and it was not her lungs  or heart.  He wanted a blood draw and a urine sample and we did that and finally left that office after being there over 2 and half hours.A few days went by and I never heard a thing about her labs, so I called and that is when this office showed their true colors of patient care or lack of. When I finally got the blood results, her thyroid medication was way to high, remember they never did a blood draw, just wrote a script  for another 6 months prior to this nightmare of a visit of Sept. 8th, 2014. She had an elevated while blood count and never did anyone offer any insight into that issue, then the clincher was, I found out they never sent in her urine sample it got thrown away. I at that point asked for the doctor to call me and he finally called Sept 12th.I had a good chat with the old Doc., but he did not really care about any of my concerns.Later that evening she was shaking beyond control and I had to call 911.When she was admitted to the hospital that evening, they asked me who her PC was and I told them the story of how this office handled my mom's patient care.The ER found out her real problem right off the bat and they saw her extended stomach the minute  she was brought in. When they asked me who her PC was, I could not even say the name, she was better off at that point to not even have a PC, as I could not honestly put down the name of the doctor's who I feel missed all sign's of her condition and messed up her lab's that were ordered. Sad to think they submitted the insurance and got paid after the lack of care that happened. Sad you think you can go to your PC and have them help you, but this office is a far cry from caring, especially with the elderly. All I can say, is this practice should be ashamed on how they treated my mother. My dog gets better treatment from his vet than what this office gives as patient care.We have moved on and out of this practice, but what a freek-in nightmare.
