1	Ladies!!! Do not use this trainer. The workouts were uncomfortable and not a good place for a female.  This guys is a kid and needs to grow up and learn how to be professional. I will be filing a complain with BBB and any licenses boards I can.  No one like this should be a trainer or able to operate a business.
5	Educated, Friendly and extremely motivationalAs I neared the start of my 6th decade I decided that the 10 pound weight gain per decade had to stop and that if I was going to enjoy the next phase of my life I needed to do so with great physical well being.  I found JWWFitness through a flyer, and it has been an exceptional experience.  Jason is extremely knowledgeable in exercise physiology, training and is easy and engaging to be with.  Jason has created a customized program that has helped my reach goals including; 35 pounds of weight loss, reduced body fat from 29.7% to 14.1%, my waist measurement reduced from 39 inches to 30.5, chest increased from 37" to 38.5" and shoulders from 18" to 22".  I have exercised on and off most of my life, more off lately, and now with Jason's assistance I am healthier, more flexible and have greater endurance and stamina than I have experienced in the last 20 years of my life.  My friends all comment on how much better I am looking.  The choice of healthy living is not necessarily easy, but Jason has done his part to help make my goals a reality and exercise is now something I look forward to.  If you live in the Phoenix area do yourself the favor, don't delay go see Jason.
5	I have been training with Jason for two years now. I have only the highest compliments for his personal training abilities and his studio. The gym is located in a home in an upscale Scottsdale neighborhood. I love the gym because it has all of the equipment you would ever need in a one-on-one, quiet and relaxed environment. Jason is extremely friendly and takes the time to individualize a training program that matches one's specific goals. I have seen tremendous gains as a result of Jason's consistent and dedicated training regimen. I cannot emphasize enough what a positive, likable and knowledgeable guy he is. Also, his personal training fee is a fraction of what I have paid for through the years at other gyms. I would highly recommend Jason as a personal trainer to anyone who wants results and personalized attention in a quiet, relaxed and professional environment.
