3	Since my first ride on Tempe's Orbit transportation system I saw it. That SIGN that teasing sign... Thai Basil! For months I saw it as I rode by on my way to and from class. For months I wondered what was really going on behind the tinted windows. Was it open? Was it closed? There's no reviews for it on yelp! Could it be... an undiscovered place in the middle of the ASU area?! Can't be!! It must be an fluke! For months I saw the occasional car in the parking lot, but the sign was never lit, never any signs of life... until tonight!!As I came home from class I saw balloons adrift from Thai Basil's once lifeless rooftop! It's open! It's open! My stars! It's open! I could smell the Lar Nar! SHWEET!!I considered going there after class to see if it lived up to the hype in my mind but a pesky homework assignment called me home and so I broke out the sweats and fired up the lappie thinking it was going to be loong night when my friend Becca came to my rescue!We entered the brand spakin' new Thai Basil on the night of their grand opening when I realized that maybe it wasn't going to live up to the hype in my head. We entered and saw a cool looking dining room to the left with coffee tables and pillows for dining on (yay!) and some pretty cool looking booths (yay!), a bar with wine proudly displayed (double yay!) and huge dishes of after dinner mints (triple yay!)  and then we were seated in the corner away from all the fun (boo). They didn't have a wine or drink list eaither. (double boo) Yeah it kind of sucked because I think we were seated by the bathroom but oh well. I had their White Zin, sweet but nothing great - it's barefoot. I like barefoot, but still I know there's some wine conossiours out there who'd rather put their foot in their mouth than drink a glass of barefoot. Unfortunatly, my very thirsty friend realized that there weren't ANY mixed drinks there! but there's a bar RIGHT over there!! Hopefully they'll get this straightened out soon otherwise that nice spiffy bar is just a very fancy bottle tray!On to the food...Beckita shall be mentioned first as her meal hit the table about a good 8 minutes before mine did! She had the Veggie Delight with Chicken... question: wouldn't that render this dish a Chicken Delight? I'm just saying. It had various veggies, the usual suspects: Carrots, zucchini, green onions, sprouts etc.. I had a bite and it was way too garlickly for my taste. She liked it just fine. I don't think I'd order it but I could see a lot of people enjoying it. I had the Rad Nar, which is their version of Lar Nar... wide rice noodles with stir fried carrots, broccoli and beef all swimming in a savory gravy. I ordered mine with extra carrots and hot. I got the carrots but was missing the heat. The beef was a little too tough for my liking. Also, The waitress gave me a dish of red chili flakes and told me to add my own spice. If that was the plan all along then why ask me how hot do I want it? Is this to proportion the chili flakes? We skipped dessert, split the check and called it a night. Tableside, we decided that this was a solid 3 stars. The service was decent but not great, the place was clean but wasn't very modern or comfy (well atleast the section we were in) and it just felt like a solid 3 star place. To my yelpers I say: If you're very close by (saaaaay the ASU dorms?) and don't have transportation and MUST have thai food or you'll burst then give Thai Basil a try. Hopefully, they'll work out some of the smaller kinks for you by then!
5	Really 4 stars, but with only two reviews, I'm going to boost them up to an even 4.Thai Basil is the 5th restaurant in the continuation of the empire of Thai Basil which is ravaging the valley.  Same great quality here.  Same freshness and variety of flavor that is known across campus.What's an improvement to this one is this has bar and grill.  They have a nice small selection of beers and wines, including thai beer.A few dishes differ from the other Thai Basils, including what I had, the Crying Tiger.  I had never heard of this.  What it was, was a grilled steak with a fresh green chili sauce.  Really tasty and fresh, the chilis being fresh brought a different spiciness, which can come back to haunt... Went back for Happy Hour, which is from 4-6 every day but Sunday.  They have a nice selection of 1/2 off apps and also some salads (including the aforementioned Tiger).  Fresh salads for happy hour is a great addition to my after work snack repertoire.  $2 domestics and $3 imports (including Kirin)Thai Basil has notoriously good veggies in their dishes, excellent curries and noodle dishes.  A good place to introduce newbies to Thai food and a place that will continually draw you back on weekday nights for hearty, healthy, tasty thai foods.
5	I went on a girls day out this last Saturday. We got there around 1, it was pretty dead, so we had the whole place to decide where to sit. It is quite a bit bigger than the University location (that is the only other location I have been to, and partly why this one is getting five stars). We took a few minutes to figure out what we were getting (well not me, I order the same thing every time, I need to venture out a little more, but I just love love love the masaman and Thai fried rice so much). My Sis got the masaman also, she is stuck on it like I am, and our friend got the sweet and sour. The food came out so fast, like five minutes! Of course my Sis and I loved it, we are Thai Basil fanatics. Our friend had never had Thai, but she said she really liked what she ordered. We indulged and got the sticky rice dessert, and I loved it. I am going with a five for a few reasons. First, this place impressed me more than the University location, which says a lot in my eyes because I love the University location a lot. The service there has always been amazing. The food was good 'ol Thai Basil, but something about it was just better. The cook must have just been better or something, cause it was just better for some reason. So as far as comparison, this location is great and gets a five! Also, this is coming from my narrow Thai food scope, but it is the best I have had. The only other Thai places I have eatin at are Line Thai and Siam Thai, both are great, but this Thai basil location is awesome!
5	I was first introduced to Thai Basil on a date (the location on University). I don't know if it was the food or the company but I had a fantastic time and have been with that very same boy for over 2 years now :-) Good first date choice, Sean R! We probably get take out/dine in at Thai Basil once every week or two. When the new location (within walking distance of home) opened up on Rural I was ecstatic. The owners/waitstaff are always warm, friendly, and inviting. The restaurant is cozy, dark and intimate and the food is amazing with killer prices. I can't begin to describe how much I love Thai food. My favorite dishes are the Thai Basil with chicken or shrimp, Garlic chicken or shrimp, the Red Curry chicken, and the Coconut soup (soooo good!). The spring rolls are amazing as well. I have never had a bad experience...in fact, I think I'll get takeout from Thai Basil this evening, it just sounds so good writing about it!
3	After my visit to Thai Basil yesterday, I realized that Thai Basil means great food and lousy service. I really enjoyed my plate. I decided to try something I've never had and went with the Pineapple fried rice with chicken. There is also some curry mixed in. The dish was great. I do wish there was more chicken. There wasn't much chicken overall.I also sampled my wife's pad thai and was also really good. She was jealous of my selection though.Where do I begin about the service? We were sat down promptly and then proceeded to wait quite awhile before the sever came back to take our drink/food order. Since this was a long delay we ordered our drinks and food at the same time. We waited for the food for about 10-15 minutes (which was fine), but guess what, no drinks still! Slowly, two plates come out, no drinks. A few minutes pass and my plate arrives. We ask again and finally our drinks arrive. WTF? The server must have been new, inexperienced at handling a couple of tables, just bad or a combo of all of them. As I ate, the two tables next to us had to deal with similar experiences. The folks next to us had to wait about the entire time we ate to get their check. At least our payment only took about 5 minutes. I found the service provided unacceptable! One of the worst experiences I've had. I'm just happy the food helped ease the blow of the ineptitude.  With better service this place can easily be a 4.I hope next time the service is better at Thai Basil, because the food is very good. Maybe I'll save myself the trouble and get take out.
5	I've only ordered carry-out from here, but I must say everything has been top-notch. All of the curries are packed with veggies, loaded with flavour, and absolutely delicious! I like that they serve alcohol too, so I'm excited to try dine-in sometime.
3	Thai Basil would have won a 4-star from me if their service was better, because the food is delicious!First of all, the decor is lovely - it's modern Asian flair that isn't stuffy or over the top. I loved the bench seating style with the cushions - very comfy.The food was tasty - I was actually worried it'd be a bit watered down (this is my first Thai Basil visit EVER)  but it was actually good. It could have been a tad spicier (I tried to play it safe with the medium but ended up dousing my food in peppers anyway) but it was still enjoyable. I had lunch with 3 of my friends, and I shared pad thai with one (my favorite Thai dish - it wasn't the best pad thai I'd ever had, but I will go back for more) and I had the chicken panang. I like the panang to be a bit sweeter, but it was still delicious. As far as the service, I hate to say that it's your average small-time Asian restaurant service. Everyone basically seems rushed all the time, no one was personable, and they just did the bare minimum - take orders, drop off food, and I honestly can't remember anyone smiling. We sat without our waters refilled for quite some time and only had it refilled when our food arrived. There really wasn't much else to it.If the service improves, I'm sure the tips will too. But I'll definitely come back for the great food.
3	Within walking distance of my hotel and recommended by the staff. There are great lunch deals there, plus air conditioning to get out of the Tempe heat. $7 for soup, pad thai, salad and thai iced tea. It's less than $10 for tax plus tip. Not bad. I have to agree with the other Yelpers about the crappy service. It has such yummy food that I want to rate higher, but I can't do it.
4	I had dinner here twice, and both times I was favorably impressed. Thai Basil is on the eastern edge of the university. It's small, but comfortable. Service was excellent and the staff was friendly and responsive.Dinner #1 was chicken satay skewers as an appetizer and chicken pad thai as the entree. The appetizer was very good, especially wiath a Sapporo beer (hard to find, in my experience.) I ordered the pad thai with medium spice and it was just right---my lips were burning a bit but the heat didn't overwhelm the flavors. The entree was huge---I got though only 2/3 of it and I was hungry.Dinner #2 was lemon grass soup with chicken. Again, I ordered medium spice and it was just right for me. The soup was excellent, although I had to pick out pieces of lemon grass.Overall, a good value and very good food. If I'm in the area I'll make a point of visiting.
2	I have a like/hate relationship with Thai Basil.  My gourmand of a self thinks that on many levels, it's the penultimate example of the gentrification of world cuisine - as if Arizonans couldn't handle the dishes as they'd been prepared in Thailand, every dish was constructed with a pre-picked starch, meat and sauce, same vegetables in every single friggin' dish.  Thai Basil Beef? Cabbage, broccoli, carrots, zuchini, red peppers and bamboo shoots.  Fried Rice? Rice, cabbage, broccoli, carrots, zuchini, red peppers and bamboo shoots.  Spicy Noodles with Shrimp? Rice noodles, shrimp, cabbage, broccoli, carrots, zuchini, red peppers and bamboo shoots.  It's kind of insulting in a way - it's like "Give us some credit and make the food the way you'd make it for yourself! Not the Thai version of Panda Express"And yet, I go to Thai Basil.  All the time.  When I'm jonesing for stir fry or a mess of rice, it's cheap and plentiful.  And it tastes really good.  Aside from the curries, which are shockingly bland, the rice and noodle dishes are all insanely edible.  It makes me feel guilty for being a hater and demanding that my Thai food taste like Thai food.  In the words of Jamiroquai, "if I like it, I do it..."I guess this will continue to be my drunken hookup of a restaurant.  I don't want to make my love public, but I'm all up in it like the rest of the crowd.Ok, I'll put my haterade down now ;)
3	I like Thai Basil and come here pretty often as it is easy for me to walk here on my lunch break between classes or call for take out on my way home or for a quick dinner. I generally stick to a few basic things with the curry dishes (panang curry being a favorite of mine) and tom-kah soup. I mix it up with what meat i get in things but usually chicken in my curries and beef in soup.I tend to order my foods hot which is very spicy in the soup but not so bad in the curries. They pack good flavor especially the soup but the meats just seem off in the curries, they don't seem to have the right flavor or texture.  The beef in the soup is perfect however and melts in the mouth. The other thing i have noticed is when i have ordered other curry dishes that have potatoes they seem to lack flavor and don't absorb the curry like i am used to. The one time I ordered a non-curry dish i got the eggplant garlic which had great flavor but sadly lacked on the eggplant.I do love the lunch specials here at $7 for a meal that is an entree with rice and a little spring roll it sure beats an over priced meal at the MU or McDonalds next door for the same price. I keep coming back because it's convenient and fills a craving for thai food and my spicy side. Honestly i could have the tom-kah soup with beef all the time as that spicy coconut soup is just perfect. Yet for a complet Thai meal with a curry dish and soup Thai Elephant is my go too.
4	Not bad for a 11 dollar per person meal.The food isn't that spicy (even on medium)Great food for its location
4	I'm not particular on Thai food, however, I was really impressed with the teriyaki chicken with fried rice and brocolli.  Usually, teriyaki has an overwhelming sauce, but I felt their sauce was absolutely perfect and meshed well with the fried rice.  Also, I highly recommend the curry chicken with pineapples.  I felt for the quality of the overall food/beverage, the price was affordable at 7-9 bucks.  If you don't want to dine it, you can always order for carry out.I'd go back.
4	Our favorite Thai spot in the Tempe area. The curries are fantastic and I found it hard to stray from them. Fast service and great for take out.
5	We went here once a week for the year my husband was in grad school.   The food is a 4, but the waitresses are a 5.   It was a half mile from our apartment and so we would walk there and walk back to work off the huge portions.    This is the only restaurant in my life where I could consider myself a regular.   We never really talked with the waitresses or knew their names, but they always knew what I wanted; I didn't have to order.  They always gave me water with no ice no lemon, my husband's with ice and lemon, gave me my panang curry with chicken medium and waited for my husband to choose what he wanted. He probably ordered most of the items on the menu.  They refilled my rice if I ran out without asking.  Our bill always came to $19.53 for dinner more times than I can remember.  We went maybe twice for lunch, but almost always for dinner.  My husband graduated last month and we moved from Tempe but we miss this place dearly.
4	Great food for a reasonable price ~ quick friendly service. It's a blessing to have such a nice place within walking distance from my business.  :) KC
4	The food was great, I am always looking for great Thai food and this place didn't disappoint
5	Great food, rather pricey but it is nothing but quality.  Take out is quick, and the service is great and always kind
5	When I moved to Arizona from Philadelphia, this is where we went on my first night for dinner. It was a great start to my time here. Since then I visit here probably about once a month.The staff is great. They are always very friendly and polite. They are good at answering questions that you might have about the menu and are always on top of refills.The selection is good and the food comes out fast. You can specify how spicy you want most of the dishes and they are good about getting it just right. I vary the amount of spiciness depending on my mood and they're always spot on.The other nice thing about this place is that I have never had to wait for a table. There are always people in there, but it is never full to capacity, so you never have to stand around.
5	Food was delicious, and I got great service from very nice people, at a great price! Took my girlfriend out, both got dinners, appetizer, beers, and we were out of there with a $35 bill. It wasn't very busy, which may be why we had so much attention paid to us, but I'm okay with it!
4	Went for lunch with a friend and shared orders of green curry and pad-see-eiw noodles. Both dishes were very good, but very spicy for a medium-level. I love spicy food, but I don't think I could handle much more heat! Service was fine, but the restaurant wasn't very busy.
4	Singha beer was cold, service was friendly and quick, take out arrived faster than I could finish my beer. Green curry hot and pad Thai hot, they were perfect. I will be back. I have had Thai in Tempe at a number of different places and so far Thai Basil has been my favorite.
2	decent food and good Thai iced tea...  though just about everything has mushrooms and celery, even if it doesn't say so on the menu and a lot of the dishes are basically the sameBUT have had unnecessary drama there about the thai iced tea (god forbid you ask for no ice). After discussions between four ladies and a whole lot of drama, we finally get our cups only 2/3 full.  We were told that they had to make sure there was enough because it's so hard to make the tea, that it takes them a whole day to make it. That is no excuse, you should definitely NOT portion it out to your customers (especially that early in the day). If it's that hard to make, either don't offer it or make enough. Their service in general could be friendlier and better.
4	The food was delicious. Got the red curry with beef. Wife got fried rice. We'll be going back.
4	A work friend and I walked over from our hotel for dinner tonight- with temperatures above 100 degrees, we were happy that it took less than 5 minutes to stroll over. Thai Basil was recommended by the front desk and rightfully so!!We were talking a lot at first, and they came over 2 or 3 times to take our order before we were finally ready, but they were patient and pleasant.  I ended up ordering their Pad Woon Sen with tofu and my friend went with the good standby, Pad Thai with chicken. We were asked how spicy we wanted our food and both said medium. The dishes arrived quickly and were really quite large. The spice level on both was just right and I thought the flavors in mine were right on- everything was cooked properly. We both really liked our dinners, and had so much leftover that we had lunch the next day. Water refills were frequent and at one point, they just left a carafe of ice water on the table for us. We got there for dinner around 4:10 and were the only table- by the time we left at 6:30, it was hopping! Seems to be a popular eatery near the university.Oh, and they have good Happy Hour deals on drinks and appetizers from 3-6 every day of the week!
5	If you like Thai food you need to eat here! I love the food here! I come here with my boyfriend often. We only go during happy hour because I only order the beef salad which is half off during that time and it is AMAZING! The papaya salad is also very good! He always orders the hot and sour soup and it's the best hot and sour soup we've ever tried.
4	I have pass this place many times driving home from work. I was glad I stopped.  it was very good.  I have hit every Thai place in town.  I would visit this place again.
5	I've been to allot of Thai places, and this is my favorite in town. This is also my favorite of the Thai Basils in the area because they are more heavy-handed with their spice. (If you don't like your Thai that hot, go to the one of University.) They have the best lettuce wraps in town (forget P.F. Chang's), and they also are willing to grab your extra lettuce as they are more than generous with the chicken. Their Tom Ka Ga is amazing and light, with the most incredible little porcini mushrooms floating about. My favorite is the eggplant dish, medium, with tofu. (I'm not vegetarian; I just really love the way they fry their tofu.) Everything I have had, though, is incredible, and you cannot go wrong.This is also a great place for large parties. We've shown up last minute with 12-15 people, and they accommodated us without hesitation. They also have great memories, and if you, like me, have a favorite, they will remember it :) PS Get the Thai iced tea to heal the burn.
4	went with a food group and thoroughly enjoyed myself. started with a coconut based soup with shrimp and scallops, with a hint of lime and lemongrass.asked for hot, more medium-hot.  for entrees, i had spicy noodes, again with shrimp and scallops, and it was great. the rest of the group had yellow curry dishes, which i samples and were ok, fried rice which is hard to screw up, and they did not, and sliced beef dish in a tangy sauce, also good. for dessert, i had one of my favorite thai desserts. sticky rice and mango. all in all a good experience, and they also have an outlet in central phoenix on central near thomas. good neighborhood food. wish they had thad mun for an appetizer,. which are fish patties that i enjoy and you can find at thai rama on camelback and 13th ave. otherwise, i recommend this place.
4	Yum! I love this place. I didn't even really think I liked Thai food that much until this place. Totally vegetarian friendly, inexpensive, fast, and delicious. The signature dish, Thai Basil, is awesome. The curries are too. Every member of our family can find something they like, and that almost never happens for us!I would probably give them 5 stars, except that one time, my friend ordered her food with extra eggplant, they brought her dish with almost no eggplant, and then when we asked for additional eggplant, they told us it would be $2 extra, which was kind of uncool.
5	Normally, I couldn't eat Thai food because of its smell. However, this place brought me to a whole new world. I can't deny that the food was slightly americanized. but that's the good part for me. :)  You will love their crunch egg role and Pho thai. Wanna.. grab it again. :D
4	I had lunch there a couple weeks ago and this past weekend took my wife there. We both liked the place. Food is good and the service and atmosphere nice. Not quite the best we've had but worth going back again when we are in that area.
4	As someone suffering from terrible portion control-itis, Thai food usually has the magical ability to make me sick. With it's signature Americanized heavy sauces and entree portions that could feed a small village, disaster seems to be lurking in the stark, awkward corners of most Thai restaurants in the area. Thai Basil, however, is a different, much more pleasant, story.First off, the food is fresh. As in, the sauce added to the flavor of the food, not composed the entire dish, which I'd say is a feat when dabbling in Asian food in America. Even the sauce tasted fresh - light, but rich with herbs and spices. We had the yellow curry and the signature Thai Basil dish with tofu, and both were brimming with vegetables and herbs, plus they came with enough rice to make a lunch-de-leftovers the following day. Economic friendliness points! The atmosphere is ideal for a Thai restaurant: much more comfortable and stylish than most places. The warm lighting and secluded seating make it a great date spot or place to take friends. Versatility points! Oh, and it's not overpriced... I always resent shelling out fifteen bucks for a vegetarian entree that yields most of its caloric value from rice. Thai Basil offers main courses (that are quite large, but not intimidatingly so) starting at around eight bucks. All in all, if you're in the market for Thai, I highly recommend taking a trip to Thailand. If that's not an option, Thai Basil is your best local bet.
4	Good food. Good service and fast.
5	I just have to say why can't we have a Thai place this good in Old Town Scottsdale?  I drove my self down there for the family on football bowl day and fought the traffic just for a piece of this sweet action.  Friendly, fast service, excellent prices, and a-mazing food.  The mints are the soft chalky kind too:)  Please open one to the north Thai Basil?
2	meh... I had the Pad Thai, which should be a pretty easy dish for a Thai place to make. Ironically I had read a previous reviewer who mentioned that this place had excellent pad thai because it wasn't drowned in sauce... I thought that was peculiar because I had never really had Pad Thai that I would describe as being too saucy... Well it must be an Arizona thing.. and if this place was NOT soupy, I would hate to visit the more saucy pad thai joints. Maybe they just serve it in a bowl with a spoon? :) My Pad thai was drenched in a syrupy sauce that really took away from the taste and texture of the rest of the ingredients. On the plus side, the seafood was cooked well. The prices weren't horrible either. But I wouldn't go back. Obviously the tastes of the students near by has something to do with this places 4 star rating :)
2	As a Tempe retread (my initials are still scratched into several corners on Rural from pavement being poured in 1989 and 90), I am rediscovering a few old favorite places and trying many new opportunities.  Last night, Thai Basil had both star earning and star losing moments.The "Gotta have THAI" monkey popped up on my back early yesterday.  As the love of my life is out of town for a few days and does not have the same passion for Thai that I do, the monkey's timing was good.  Since we are now within Orbit range, I went to my trusty Yelp mobile app and  told it to Thai me.  Thai Basil struck and away I went.On arriving at 6 PM, there were 5 cars in the lot and on entering, about 20 folks seated at tables enjoying.  The restaurant appears to be clean, though the lighting is dim.  There is apparently a second seating area that I did not explore, so don't hold me to the customer count.  I stood at the door for a moment (in TV terms, a moment is 1 1/2 minutes) and was greeted and seated.  The host handed me a menu and walked away.  I perused the menu for a minute, closed it and started waiting.5 minutes passed, and I caught the eye of a server who brought appetizers to a table near mine.  She came over and I asked if I could place my order.  She nodded and walked behind the bar, tapped what turned out to be my waiter on the shoulder and pointed at me.  My waiter turned and waved, then walked into the kitchen.  5 minutes later, he came out with his pad and pen.  I ordered Som Tom, the yardstick by which I measure every Thai restaurant, and jasmine rice.  I requested that the green beans and shrimp be left off.  At the menu's suggestion, I ordered Thai Hot.  He wrote down the order and walked away.I was surprised that there was no request for a beverage order.  I caught the eye of the server again.  She came over and I asked if I could get a glass of water.  She nodded and walked behind the bar, tapped my waiter on the shoulder and let him know about my desire for water.  He turned and waved, then walked into the kitchen.  5 minutes later, he came out with my Som Tom, rice and a glass of water.  He asked if I needed anything else, and when I responded no, he walked away.Som Tom, properly made, should have lime, chile, palm sugar and fish sauce each of which brings tangy, sweet, salty and spicy notes with the crunch of fresh papaya.  While the portion size was respectable, 2 cups of salad, the seasoning was totally off.  There was no fish sauce or lime that I could detect.  The spice came in at a solid 9 (5 makes my nose run, 8 makes my forehead sweat and 10 brings tears to my eyes), but without all the notes, this was a bad karaoke version of what should be a great song.I put my fork down and caught my waiter's eye.  He waved, then walked into the kitchen.  5 minutes later, he came to the table and asked if everything was satisfactory.  When I replied to the negative, he said he was sorry and walked into the kitchen.  A moment later, a lady came to the table and asked about my dissatisfaction.  I asked about missing ingredients in the salad.  She grabbed a fork and tasted, then she said it was very sweet.  She offered to have the order remade.  I agreed, and she took the salad to the kitchen, yelling in Thai that it was not right.I nibbled on rice and sipped water while the order was remade.  The rice was OK, not too sticky and not too dry.  On the second presentation, the lady (who I found out is the manager) asked me to taste this version.  I tasted, and it was a saltier version of the original.  I could get the sweet, the fish sauce and the spice, but no lime.  I asked if I could get some wedges of lime and she said she would take the order back and have it remade.  By this point, it had been nearly an hour since I had arrived, so I asked for the order to go. I finished the rice and water while I waited.  Instead of bringing the new order out to the table, the manager waved me over to the bar with a go box.  She had me taste and again, it was below par.  I asked for some lime on the side, only to discover it was juice out of a bottle.I paid my check and proceeded home.  For the price, $8.95, the time and the multiple attempts, this Thai Basil is not worth the effort.  The contrasts between Thai Basil on University and Thai Basil on Rural are kind of strange.  As I have been made aware, there are 5 Thai Basil operations around the Valley...and being an adventurous sort, I will probably try them all.
4	I've had food from here twice. The first time my husband brought me back some and the second time was a couple of weeks ago when we stopped in here because we were starving. OMG I fell in love with the food again. I love Thai hot! My husband can't handle it, but I can! The owner was really nice too. I had my baby with us and she thought he was so cute and she took care of him while we ate. That was amazing. I kept looking back for my baby, but he was in good hands every one there loved him. I will go back to try other things from their menu. The only thing I'd wish they'd do is give refills. I don't know if they do, but I wish they did.
4	I really like Thai Basil. If you have never tried Thai food, I highly recommend - the quality is very consistent here. I have been here multiple times (both for dine-in and takeout) and the food always comes out very fast. The chicken pad thai (medium) is my favorite and I get it almost every time. The Thai Basil, their signature dish, is also delicious and has lots of fresh veggies. My only complaint is they do not use cilantro or lime in their pad thai, which I think is pretty standard for pad thai, and which I do miss (I asked for a lime once, and they said they don't have any! strange for a thai place, no?). However, when I order takeout that isn't an issue for me, since I usually have those things at home and I can add them myself :) If you're looking for a scrummy treat, try the Thai Iced coffee. It is to die for! Mmmm.
4	Really good food!  I was pleasantly surprised!  Do I have a rival to my coveted Thai Spices????  One more visit to decide!
4	Thai Basil is just delicious! I love Thai food but i try not t drag the bf along too much since he has not yet found a Thai place that has a dish he really loves but that changes since bringing him here ! WHOOP WHOOP!   Really good and quick service for either eating in or taking to go ( we have done both). He is in love right now with their chow mein and i as always am a big fan of Pad Thai.  their pad Thai is not as spicy as other places i have been which is ok considering i can spice it up myself if necessary. only downfall for me is i am not a fan t all of their sweet and sour pork which is a big deal for me, since next to Pad Thai that is definitely a second.  Their chicken sa tay and spring rolls are really good as well!Cheap!
5	Another spectacular meal at Thai Basil! Had out of state guests and took them there for dinner on a Saturday night. We asked Darlene, our waitress, for suggestions and she asked the right questions to make sure we loved our meal. Cant wait to go back!!
5	I've been coming to Thai Basil for a couple of years and have been searching Tempe for good thai food. This place is awesome. It's right across the street from my dorm, and their food is cooked to order. They are super accommodating to people's tastes and very nice. You can come in for dinner with a huge party and they will do their best to fit you all together. Their dessert of sticky rice is great, the pad thai comes in a huge portion and is fairly priced, the lunch specials are great. I would say this is one of my favorites in Tempe. Being Asian I like eating some genuine Asian food from time to time and this place is great! Their thai tea is awesome enough for me to stop by during the day and grab two for myself.
4	I went here once and became addicted. I love the Panang Curry with chicken and have tried each level of spice. I like the medium the best. The servings are very big and I always have extra to take home. I have done take out a few times and the servings are very big for takeout as well. The only negative is they tend to take a long time to bring the check so after your done eating it takes a good 15 minutes to pay.
1	Ok! First off. What's up with the waitress texting behind the the bar the whole time I was waiting for my meal, for a 1/2 an hr,In front of everyone! Geez!!!!  And!! When she caught me watching her, she moves over to the right to hide so that she can continue her texting conversation. She must have been the owners daughter, because if she was my employee, I would have fired her on the spot. I am serious! the whole time we were there, she was texting. So we finally I got my meal. The red curry was soooo watered down, one chunk of pine apple, the hot level I requested, HOT! Was mild, and about 5 pieces of chicken. I had to add the cheesy cheap hot sauce to my meal, to make it an almost medium level. ten minutes into my meal, a couple next to us walked out, not too sure why, but I'm sure it had something to do with the lack of service or some "Employee" too busy texting to help customers. This is unacceptable, I decided not to return, But! to Let you all know, watch out! Don't order the red curry, its watered down coconut milk, and and a lack Of meat. What a joke! My homemade curry kicks ass, and doesn't lack any meat! This goes for my local thai restuarnt as well. I've  been there a few times before, why the lack of customer service and the quality of food this time? Not sure, but it only takes one time to turn me off, and this is it, The worst red curry ever. I'm going to my fav local thai restaurant for now on. They get one star, for the available parking.
1	This place is seriously not good. The noodles are dry and lack flavor. My friend got the pad-thai, not good either. Both tasted like dog food smells. If I could imagine how dog food tastes it probably tastes like the dishes they serve here. I don't know about the other dishes but any noodle dish is gross here. Couldn't even push myself to eat half. The staff was helpful and asked if we were okay and we just were straight up with them that the food was not appetizing. There wasn't a solution to the problem so we just got the check and got up out of there.
4	For all those times when a pile of meat and bread just won't do, I come here.Cashew chicken wraps or eggrolls as an appetizer, with Tofu Thai Basil or the green curry are the stuff my dreams are made of. Make 'em extra spicy!Ok, so maybe the vegetables are the same no matter what dish you get. But that's fine with me, I like them all!The service has always been polite and attentive every time I've been here.
2	Here. Have a star for every shrimp you put in my stale papaya salad, bastards.
4	We thoroughly enjoy Thai Basil's Tom Kha soup!  Service was spot on.  The restaurant is always clean and inviting.  I was so excited that we saved some soup for take home... didn't remember to take it out of the car til 24 hours later!  ARGH!  Being Human is soooo tough!
3	Perfect! Happy hour mon-sat 3pm-6pm3.5 stars All we wanted to do was to grab something to eat after a long drive from California to Arizona and we found this on rurual road, in Tempe. The exterior may look plain but hey, there's a bar and happy hour happening so why turn around?What does happy hour have? Well, well , well... 1/2 off appetizers, $2 blue moons and drafts that they carry. And there's specials on selected food.Got the..+ fresh rolls ($3) chicken - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7N3q70C_mwEYQ2QcGfjvgA?select=N1mhk603JkCFuPZJ58Cxew#mYLsvj4kSTgz7tqwKX07NQ You get to choose either chicken, beef or tofu. We got the chicken and it was pretty good. The sweet and sour sauce was a bit different from the Thai places I've been to. Usually there's garlic in it, but at Thai Basil, they put chopped up peanuts instead. So if you're allergic with peanuts, best ask for the sauce without the nuts!+ Papaya Salad ($6.25) mildTasted great! Only sad thing is that we only had one shrimp :(+ red snapper with mixed veggies and bamboo (mild) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7N3q70C_mwEYQ2QcGfjvgA?select=vhgbwyKOgx0caLeacQ1zQQ#pD9KU2uHEGRBQS4H02AJEQOh so yummy! Tasted garlic-y and having it over rice is delicious.+ Bluemoons ($2 each)  - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7N3q70C_mwEYQ2QcGfjvgA?select=vhgbwyKOgx0caLeacQ1zQQ#A2vWUeFM6vWyQXZeJJvwEw Service - Was great. The ladies who works there are very helpful when we asked what in what and they will let you know what's their special of the day. And yes, there is a bar here. Eat while you drink in front of a big screen t.v. Overall, not a bad place. I just wished they gave more than one darn shrimp!
5	Lunch time 11-3 pm mon through sat is more wallet friendly.Whenever I go up to ASU to visit my sisters, Thai Basil is the first thing we all agreed about for lunch. Not only, as stated above, is this lunch time friendly, their curry is super yummy. Their lunch portion is smaller than dinners but it is just right. Steamed rice with your choices of curries and meats. They have shrimp, tofu, vegetables, beef, chicken, pork and seafood. So many options, right? I simply can't choose so I always get seafood and steal some chicken or veggies off my sisters' plates. Of course, this meal is not complete if you simply order water. You have got to try their Thai Iced Tea; you can share this because it does get overwhelming after awhile with the curries. The other nice option is to have hot tea which warms you up and cleanses your palate after a bite of curry.
5	My favorite Thai food restaurant in Tempe. There are a couple of other locations but this one is right next to the Mcdonald's off of University. Service is fast/prompt. I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes after ordering. The lunch special is reasonably priced and includes an entree, egg roll and soup. They offer a range of ''spiciness'' from 1-5. I usually go for 3 or 4 depending on how I'm feeling. 5 is Thai Hot and it's too hot for me. I love the Thai ice tea and wish they were refillable. There is a bar here but never ordered a drink.
1	Horrible service & food at this particular Thai Basil. Thai is supposed to be spicy right? Not here! When we asked for Chili oil they were clueless and called it salsa! WTH. We ordered the lettuce wraps appitizer which took a while to get. The lettuce was chopped into small pieces which made it difficult to eat as a "wrap". My friend ordered curry, I ordered the Pad Pak, and my fiance ordered the Drunken Noodle. Curry was served long before my fiance and I recieved our dishes. They knew they messed up by bringing out the curry so early and tried to cover by asking if my friend wanted to share her curry with us. WTH! umm no we all ordered diferent dishes that should've come out with hers. If she had wanted to share she woulld've offered, and asked for bowls herself. Geez!
4	I have tried almost all dishes there, and those taste great! Really recommend if you like spicy food, but you can choose no spicy flavor though.
2	So, I ordered Yellow Curry with Chicken & Cheese Rolls for an Appetizers. The Curry I ordered Mild and asked to give me some Chile paste on the side because I split it with a friend and she doesn't like spicy food. as soon as I saw it come out I could see it was spicy but I took it anyway. It was very spicy not overwhelming but not Mild at all. Other then the spice there was no real flavor to the curry. There was barely meat I know we split it but we both go like two small pieces. It kinda suck because I have been wanting to try this place for awhile now and now I'm not sure if I'll ever go back.. I doubt If I go back anytime soon
5	Great food! Great service. We say in the back area, super cute!! Loved it! I will definitely be back.
5	If it was financially possible for me to eat at Thai Basil four times a week, I would, without a doubt.I will admit that I am not very well versed in Thai food, so I can't comment on whether or not this is authentic. What I can comment on, however, is that it is FREAKIN' DELICIOUS. I have been to three of the Thai Basil Locations: The one on University (next to Tops Liquor), this one (next to McDonald's on Rural), and the one on Baseline (on the south side of the street). The food has been consistently delicious at all three. The employees are always, always, always friendly. I haven't received anything less than excellent service.Most recently, we tried the cheese/shrimp egg roll appetizer things (I honestly can't tell you what it was called) -- but holy tastiness, Batman! My boyfriend and I were both really glad that we ordered this.The Chai Green tea is excellent too. Really refreshing, unsweetened, lots of flavor. Mmm mm mm.But for me, this place is ALL ABOUT the curry. If you try the red curry (mild for me) or the massman (aka: "sweet nut" -- also mild) curry, you will not be disappointed. The red curry comes with your choice of meat/tofu (we always spring for the mixed seafood: scallops, shrimp, calamari) and has a variety of veggies in it too. Yummo.The massman curry comes with meat/tofu, carrots, potato, and onion slices. The flavor is downright incredible. I don't think I could choose a favorite between the red curry and the massaman curry, but I think I crave the massman curry more (if that makes any sense).The lunch portions are a nice size, maybe on the small size for some people, but they are perfect for me. At dinner, I always have to get a to go box.I do recommend ordering dinner for pick up from Thai Basil. The curry comes in this GIGANTIC plastic container, and you get a nice side of rice. And, bonus, the curry container is reusable and can be heated in the microwave. I am beginning to have a stockpile of them.All in all, Thai Basil is a win. I highly recommend it and cannot wait to go back.
4	First and foremost, Thai Basil consistently tastes great. There have been weeks when my girlfriend and I have eaten here a shameful number of times, simply because the food always tastes fantastic. She gets Pad Thai, I get Panang Curry, and everyone's happy.But I'm giving Thai Basil four stars because there's one nagging problem: while quality is consistent, nothing else is.For example, I usually order my meal spicy. Sometimes that means it's pretty mild, sometimes that means it's unbearably hot. Sometimes the noodles are drowned in sauce, sometimes they're fairly dry. Sometimes the plate comes with crushed peanuts on the side, sometimes it doesn't... and then I kind of miss the crushed peanuts. Sometimes the plates are massive (at times, I've been able to spread out one order of Pad Thai over four meals), and sometimes they're not. Sometimes the miso is super-salty, and sometimes it just tastes about as salty as miso usually is. No matter what I order, no matter how many times I go, there's always something about the meal that surprises me.That being said, those surprises have never spoiled my meal. I've always left Thai Basil satisfied with my choice, looking forward to my leftovers, and happy with the service. No matter what surprises they throw at me, a return visit is almost always guaranteed.
4	Open on Sunday! Lot if places aren't, around here. I ordered the fresh roll appetizer with chicken. It arrived quickly. They were large, with lots of vegetables, as I like it. Didn't detect any cilantro or basil in them, which I tend to enjoy, but these were still satisfying: fresh, crispy, julianned vegetables with a bit of chicken. The fish sauce and peanut sauce were ok. Good, but a little one dimensionally sweet - probably for American tastes. Next up, I had the Thai basil. I requested Thai hot. It came quick on the heels of my fresh rolls and was spicy but not searingly so. Vegetables were vibrantly colored (read: not over-cooked) and abundant, accompanied with a fair amount of chicken. Wasn't as much basil as I would have hoped. Overall it was a nice dish, however.Service was friendly and prompt. Decor clean.
4	The outside is deceiving! Walked in and the environment felt very warm, inviting, cool and romantic! I hate dining in bright light, makes everything feel loud. Luckily, at Thai basil, the lights are dimmed and jazzy music played in the background- finally a dinner place that's relaxing and easy on the wallet!My boyfriend got the Pad Thai (we like to try this at every Thai place we eat) and it did not disappoint! As another reviewer mentioned, veggies were fresh and cooked just right! Great flavor and portion. I ordered red curry for the first time (I usually like green) and it was a hit for me too. Opted for medium spice and it was the perfect blend of flavorful and spicy but not to the point where your nose runs faster than you can catch. Overall a great date night and attentive, friendly staff. Love supporting local businesses that deserve it!
4	Supporting a local business is nice, and supporting a local business that has done so well for itself that it's expanded, heck yes!Daily specials are a plenty, and most locations have a great beer and wine selection. Happy Hour is 3-6pm... and before that you can get a pretty great lunch special for about seven bucks.Any Thai novices out there will be pleasantly well fed, and content here.
3	Picking a dinner date with my friend, we agree on Thai Basil. Although there is another one closer to my house, he insists on coming to this specific one...... because the server there is hot. Our criteria for dinner places are a little different.Fair enough. I come in and look at the HH list while I wait. I notice that all the drink specials went up by $1 and the appetizers also increased in prizes. Much to my surprise, I pull up some old reviews that told me about the awesome $2 Blue Moon and other treats and wonder if its a typo. Unfortunately the business needed to raise their prices to be more cost effective and so the great value on their HH pretty much went away.I go ahead and order the Crying Tiger: a large piece of grilled beef (sliced) served with steamed veggies (carrots, broccoli, zucchini) and a side spicy sauce. Like everyone says, the veggies are cooked really well here- not soft and flaccid but with tons of fresh flavor and crunch. The sauce was extremely spicy (hence the crying tiger!) and the beef was cooked well. The dish was all-in-all good but nothing to rave about. It is also listed as a HH special at $8.50 but my bill came out to about $11 + tip, so there is either a $3 tax that I forgot about or I didn't get charged the HH pricing.My friend ordered the green chicken curry at Hot (not Thai Hot). The heat level was great but the curry sauce was very thin and lacked spice (not heat- SPICE, as thai spices mixed-in to give the curry flavor and complexity). Definitely an A-OK meal, but nothing particularly authentic.But at least my friend was right about the hot server...
5	I have had thai basil both in house and as take out. since i live right next to it, i am not sure how it stands up to long distance travel, but, i have always been happy with it when i got it home. for appetizers, try the fresh rolls, they are one of the better ones i have had in tempe. the spring rolls are also yummy, crisp and fresh tasting. if you ever have a craving for a strange soup that will clear anything out of your head, be it hangover or sinus infection, try the tom yum. its a spicy lemongrass broth soup with huge chunks of onion, mushrooms, and choice of meat or tofu. I love it with the beef. It is more than a full portion of soup, even if you share it, so come hungry. the pad thai, another classic choice, is tangy, sweet, and has a kick of spice that is just right. most places seem to use a peanut butter based sauce, but thai basil uses a nice tamarind based sauce and only garnish with peanuts, which are nice and roasted. tofu comes standard, but you can up the amount of tofu or add a meat of choice. the prices are fair, good sized portions, and great atmosphere when dining in. the service was great, and was always friendly. and for the adventurous drinker (non alcoholic) try the green tea chai. its bold, refreshing, and makes you just say "..hmmmmm..." but in a great way!
3	Just had their green curry with chicken and pat-see-ew with pork.  The noodles were over cooked and mushy.  The curry was better but the color wasn't green unfortunately.  This location is great for a simple dinner date but the food isn't awesome.
5	This location is way better than the one off of central.  The prices are whats advertised, unlike the location on Central.  The food at this location is flavorful and the staff is helpfulI have been to this location, and will continue to order from here, but I will never go back to the location on central and Thomas.This location should serves as a model to the other locations. THE ONE ON CENTRAL and THOMAS IS TRASH compared to this one.
3	Their signature dish is Thai Basil. Their Thai Basil was disappointing. Hardly any flavor. Their rice was way overcooked and when we dug down to the bottom of our bowls, it was burned. The vegetables were undercooked. However, I did get their red curry to go and that was very good.
5	This is by far the best Thai food around! Just had it for my first time yesterday. I'm so hooked. I ordered spicey beef noodle and had them add mint. Yummm
5	Love their duck curry! It was a little busy when we went but that is a good thing! It's hard to find good curry in Tempe, so I was a little bit leery of trying it, but it was one of the best I've had in a while. I must say the left overs the next day were even better! Will  definitely have to go back.
4	Came to ASU for a conference and stayed at the Holiday Inn around the corner from this spot. Food and service was so good the first time, had to come back for seconds.First time we came here was Happy Hour so they had discounted beers and food. We shared crispy egg rolls, cheese egg rolls, and so Pad Thai. It was all delicious. The cheese rolls were my favorite.Second time around I had to try their version of my favorite Thai noodle, Pad See Eiw. It was lunch time so they had a special going on starting at $6.95. Lunch menu was simple, pick a noodle, pick a meat, comes with an egg roll. I choose Seafood combo (shrimp, calimari, scallops). Tasty!If I'm ever in town again, I'd come back. Friendly service, affordable menu, good food.
3	No free refills on soda. Refills on ice tea. Good food. Nice people. Lots of parking.
3	I love the curries, the Pad Thai, and the fried banana ice cream dessert is amazing. The Thai tea is quite good, too. On the other hand, I've experienced terrible service on maybe 9 out of every 10 visits. I've gone through many meals where they never fill your water, even when asked. Some of the staff is nice enough, they just seem to be bad at their jobs. Although, I have been served by people who seem to be on a perpetual period. They drop your food with loud clangs and make eye contact only if they're tipped. I've sat waiting for 45 minutes on a day where my wife and I were in an almost empty restaurant.
4	Always get their tofu pad thai, yummy. Probably should try more menu items to form a well rounded review.
2	Only two stars because the food was pretty flavorless.  The staff was so nice and friendly though.  The food was seriously lacking flavor but the service was fantastic and their prices were great but unfortunately the food was not great.
5	Great food, great service, steep prices, but HUGE portions that make for a 2nd meal you can bring home. Manager and head waitress enjoy talking to guests and clearly take their craft very seriously.  Definitely worth it!
5	Yellow curry medium heat was delish!  Didn't quite burn my mouth but had enough kick.
4	Excellent. Pad Thai with tofu was wonderful, lots of tofu! Got order to go and when I got it back to my vaca home it was still hot!Fresh and tasty....
5	My wife and I love this place.  Even our little toddler loves the bbq chicken.  The service is always really good, even though they are very busy at lunch, the help works their butts off.  Try the Duck Curry, this is my favorite dish!
4	Great lunch specials! Caters well to vegetarians and can make dishes without fish sauce.
5	Favorite thai food place I've tasted in a while. Not only are their prices way cheap for the wonderful quality of their food, their service is always quick and friendly. I guess you can say I might be a regular. Favorite dish is green curry, never gets old! Also the take out saves me sometimes when I'm too lazy!
5	Just a follow up review to say that my first experience here was no fluke. Came back and had their insanely delicious red curry and more of their yummy pad thai. When it comes to Thai food, this place is heaven on Earth and my current choice for the best  restaurant in Tempe.
5	The food was fresh, flavorful and had a nice variety of menu options. The ambiance was simple and Thai. Our server gave us excellent recommendations for appetizers, entrees and desert. We really enjoyed our dinner! We will be back.A solid 5 stars!
4	Convenient to ASU, friendly service, simple warm ambiance, and pretty decent Thai food. I've had AMAZING spicy Pad Thai here and then the next time it was only so-so, so the consistency is a bit hard to predict. I really like that they offer different levels of spiciness for their menu options (personally, medium doesn't seem spicy at all to me). I enjoy the fried tofu with sweet and spicy sauce, the papaya salad (order it spicy!), the Pad Prik King (green beans, carrots and lemon leaves stir-fried with your protein of choice), and either the Pad Thai or the Pad Woon Sen (glass noodles). Service has always been extremely nice and prompt.
4	The Thai Tea here is bomb! So sweet & creamy. More creamy looking than the deep orange color. The young  female waitress here is hella cute too. :)
4	I worked here back in 2011... and was able to try most of their dishes... so I am soley reviewing on the food ONLY.Haven't been here since 2012...so I'm not sure if the menu has changed but...Things to try/order:-crispy rolls, cheese rolls-crying tiger: the green sauce is to die for!! Dip your meat in it!-spicy noodles: similar to pad see ew w/diff veggies &sauce-tom yum:-pad see ew-pad thai: automatically comes w/tofu so add diff protein!-spicy fried rice & pineapple fried rice-spicy beef salad-papaya salad-mango with sticky riceThese were all my favorite appetizers & dishes at Thai Basil.I really like how you can pick your level of spice.  I love love love spicy food and can handle my spice very well.. I would usually go with medium or medium+ (btwn medium & hot)  I don't recommend going Thai hot...because that stuff is literally fire!!! Parking is kind of limited...I remember one summer, the restaurant would get so packed... there were actually customers waiting!
5	This was my favorite place to order thai take-out from when living in Tempe (although they also have nice decor and good service if you are in the mood to dine-in).  I love the curries, especially the panang curry. I also love the pad thai noodles and their tom kha  soup. Their food is always consistently delicious (this goes for both their Rural Rd and University locations).  The only dish that has ever left me disappointed, oddly enough, is their signature thai basil dish.
5	Excellent food, nice atmosphere, clean, with great service. I had #30 Cashew with vegetables and steamed rice. Mild, still had some spice. Husband had Drunken noodles, medium spice which he described as "plenty". Everything was fresh. The shrimp with my dish was cooked slightly long.  All in all very tasty! Portion sizes were generous without being too large.
5	I love the pineapple fried rice here (like last night), and the people who serve the plates are always so friendly and welcoming.  Their curries are excellent too, as is the BBQ pork.  I've been frequenting this place for about 4 months and will no doubt continue to eat here regularly.  I like that it's open slightly later too----until 10pm weekdays.
4	I really like their spicy noodle, I order it each time.It's spicy with wonderful flavor and cook perfectly, but I hope they increase the meat portion.
4	Excellent! Our waitress was very pleasant. She was the daughter of the owner. She knew the menu very well and provided excellent suggestions. I had the honey pork which was offered as a suggestion by our waitress. It was an unusual Thai dish to find on menu but was assured to be an authentic dish found in Thailand by our waitress. You can choose the spice level for all meals. I ordered it medium spicy and could have used a little more heat. I do like my food spicy though!
5	I got the red curry. It was delicious! I got the extra hot and it was perfect. The lunch specials were well priced and good portions. I'll be coming back
