5	I am a guy who doesn't like going to the Dentist.  I avoid it and hope it won't be necessary. It works until, oops!  I needed periodontal work and after meeting Dr. De Andrade at a meeting, I asked him if he would take a look at me. (This was a Thursday night, I told him a quick overview of what I thought I needed and he arranged to see me the next Tuesday.) It all started before I even got there. Nathan (Office Coordinator) emailed me the forms.  Saved time. When I walked in the door of the Office, things start to get even easier.  Nathan is a whirlwind of organization and precision (these words will appear often in describing this Office).  He is friendly, approachable and will put his full attention on you.  He checks to see how you are and learn what you need.  He doesn't waste your time and he is as patient as you need him to be.  The atmosphere in the whole office is like this.  The waiting area is comfortable and you can see Carolyn or Dolores focused on screens and keyboards - busily making things happen, but available for a question. Everyone in this Office knows about helping people feel "welcome and comfortable".  (I love that about this place.) From the moment I decided to talk with Dr. De Andrade, things got easier. This is a guy who "Listens".  He wants to know what is important to me about my teeth and what's going on. He is personable without being over-solicitous or phony.  He genuinely cares and believes that he is in the business of "Care-Giving".  He lives it and it's obvious. That, by itself is amazing.  This is a guy you can count on and he won't BS you and he won't take advantage of you.  (To me, these are things that are harder and harder to find these days.) He has Dental Assistants both seasoned and new.  Barbara has a delightfully energetic presence and worked to immediately make me comfortable in the chair. She has been there for a while and knows the Doc well.  (The dental chair has a massager for the back! - Every little bit helps.)  Katherine is competent, attentive and gently reassuring.  Both Assistants move with practiced ease and don't hesitate to ask questions.   I'm not talking about a Spa - I am talking about an exceptional Periodontal Office.  Yes!  A Dentist!  It is called Anthem Periodontics and Dental Implants. They are in the Henderson and Las Vegas areas - write me and I will pass along their contact info bobsmith@mysuccess.com if you have any trouble finding it. I had a tooth with a hole in it (under the gum, eeeee-UUU) and it was getting painful.  I had put it off as long as I thought I could get away with it.  I also found that I had a failed Root Canal. I met with the Doc and we agreed that the teeth involved were best turn into implants.  I told the Doc about being a "chicken" about the dental chair and when he started to numb me, he said that he had the "Chicken" numbing protocol.  (It made me laugh out loud with relief.) He gave me the "local" in little steps so I didn't have to climb the walls from getting stuck.  He kept me informed the whole way and he checked on my comfort throughout the process.  No pain, no discomfort. (Yes, I was stressed - but it was out of habit.) He removed both teeth and they had different degrees of challenge.  He was exceptional.  He made me comfortable the whole time and was attentive to detail as well as my experience. He told me what was going on, let me know what he needed from me (tilt my head or lean my face one way or another).  He was patient, precise, efficient and comforting - all at the same time!  Listening to him made me think this could all work out beyond just good enough. He called me the next evening and checked on me.  He asked about very specific things I was doing or feeling and reviewed what was coming up next.  He reminded me that we would connect in two weeks, answered some questions I had about eating and we are off to the races.   I did follow instructions.  I iced my face the way he and Barbara said - viola, no swelling today. Post procedure pain was very easy to manage with Ibuprofen.The details are the important part.  This guy and his staff are delightful.  They don't take their patients or their jobs for granted and they make it easy to do what is necessary to get my mouth back on track. This man knows what he is doing, he won't steer you wrong, he won't make you feel wrong or stupid (too many Dentist's wag their fingers with "shoulds").  Dr. De Andrade is someone you can count on.  I would trust this Doctor with my Wife, Son or Daughter. And I am actually comfortable thinking about my next appointment with him. Thanks Bob
5	For the past 15 yrs I had put off doing a crown lengthening procedure, I knew by doing the procedure it would only enhance my smile. I had a bit of a gummy smile and had trained myself how to smile so it wouldn't show. I was advised to do procedure by Dr De Andrade but yet again I procrastinated. As a Dental Assistant, I know what the procedure involves and that Dr De Andrade is a great and talented Periodontist. I've seen and assisted during the procedure many times in my 15 yrs in as an assistant, but I'm a baby and I was very nervous to have the procedure done. I finally scheduled it and opted to do oral sedation so I could be calm. The procedure was performed yesterday afternoon, I have minimal discomfort and slight swelling. So far it looks great and can't wait for the healing process to complete. Now I'll be able to smile more confident. Thank you Dr De Andrade. Vera
5	I have always been a coward when it comes to dental work of any kind. My wonderful regular dentist referred me to Dr. De Andrade for a periodontal consult. It was decided I needed my bottom four front teeth pulled and implants done. I was a mess with fear. Dr. De Andrade explained every step while his office staff comforted me and explained everything from appointments needed, payment options, medications and driver I would need. I was still very scared. When my husband and I walked in for my surgery the office staff was wonderful. They explained everything to my husband and took me to a massage chair to relax. WOW. I was still expecting pain when I woke up or at least by the time I got home. I was wrong again. I had NO pain. I never took any pain meds that were prescribed and never experienced any pain. Two weeks later I went for a follow up and a minor problem with a rough edge was corrected and Dr. De Andrade was so wonderful with an upbeat attitude. I look forward to seeing him in three months when my healing has taken place and permanent teeth are ready to be placed.
