3	They have taken care of our dogs for over 7 years. I have had the wellness plan the entire time. It makes me more responsible because they call to schedule the appts. Otherwise I would prob never go, unless it were an emergency. The staff, while ever changing, are usually really nice. Speed is not a specialty but I can understand why. It is not like the dog, cats, and rats can tell you whats wrong. The Drs are cool. I usually see Dr Jucan. She is nice. I still feel like they are raping my bank account every time by asking to perform things that are not 100% needed. Like "expressing" my 75lb labs anal glands. Granted I have no idea what that really does but I know the dog can shit just fine. I usually deny all charges and pick the ones i feel are needed. Like heart worm pills etc.
5	We take our dogs here and have the wellness plan. We have been to multiple Banfields over the past few years and this location has by far been the best. Dr Mayers is the sweetest, most knowledgeable veterinarian I have met. She will spend an hour in the room talking with me if I needed her to. She diagnosed my beautiful dog with Valley Fever and immediately started treating her. We caught it extremely early and I am confident that with the treatment she will recover. She is NOT concerned about making money for Banfield. She really does what is best for the client and discusses all the options and costs. She has gone as far as giving us prescriptions to take to other places she suggests so that we can get the medication at a reasonable cost. Also, I personally really like the wellness plan. It includes all of our vet care for a reasonable price per month. It seemed like it was $200 everytime I went to my former vet. Plus it includes free vet visits anytime I need them. The vet techs definitely are trained to up-sell dental work, heartworm pills and flea meds. But it is as simple as just saying no thanks, I get my meds elsewhere (wayyyyy cheaper). Although I love Dr Mayers, we have seen two other vets there as well and both were awesome and very caring. As long as the quality vets stay we will continue to use Banfield.
5	This location is one of the better vet experiences I've ever had.  I was hesitant to sign up for the wellness plan, but I quickly discovered my pups are very well taken of while there and I must agree with the above reviewers, Dr. Jucan and Mayers are both compassionate and knowledgeable vets.  I never feel rushed when I'm there and  everyone from the front desk to the techs to all the Dr.s are very pleasant.  An added bonus of being part of a chain vet, if we ever move out of state, I don't have to transfer all my dogs records to a new vet. (been there, done that, HUGE PITA!)
1	Up until my previous review I hadn't had enough bad experiences to ever think twice about continuing my relationship with Banfield.  Sure, there were times I had waited an hour or two to be seen for a scheduled appointment, but that was because of emergencies.  I completely understand emergencies happen and appreciate that those sick/injured animals are seen before my relatively healthy pet who is just in for a check-up or minor issue.       Recently, one of my dogs started limping and bleeding from his nail bed while playing.  This became a recurring issue, so I called to make an appointment.  The receptionist couldn't get me in for a week, but he didn't see to be in much pain, so I figured he would be OK waiting.  The day before his scheduled appointment I got a phone call telling me he needed to be bumped and the next available appointment wouldn't be until 2 days later.  I'm a little surprised because although this isn't a life-threatening emergency, a dog who is limping, somewhat swollen and occasionally bleeding shouldn't be so low on their list of priorities.       About a week later my little guy was on his morning walk when he ran into one of my neighbors' jumping cholla.  (why my neighbor would put jumping cholla next to the sidewalk is beyond me, but that's beside the point.)  Cactus was everywhere (genitals, mouth, paws, including the area that was already injured) and he was not interested in me pulling them out one by one.  I called Banfield to give them a heads up letting them know we were coming in as a courtesy call.  I was told they wouldn't be able to see me for four hours.      I understand that they are not an emergency pet hospital--but as I said, my husband and I have both waited patiently for extended periods, and had one appointment bumped, so they could deal with other pets' emergencies.  They should either take emergency appointments or refer emergencies elsewhere.  I shouldn't have to wait for other people's emergencies and be sent elsewhere when I have one.  I pay close to $1000/year for the wellness plan for my two dogs and the quality of service I have been receiving lately makes that expense unjustified.  I will be cancelling my wellness plan and finding another vet.
1	DO NOT SIGN UP FOR BANFIELD'S PET INSURANCE***********THEY ARE ALL ABOUT THE MONEY AND NOT THE CARE OF YOUR PET!!!!!!My dog died 3 weeks after having his teeth cleaned at this location. The Vets were aware he had a heart murmur . It cost me an additional $400.00, in addition to the bill for cleaning his teeth, to find out what was wrong with him after his dental cleaning. I even called them when he was having a really hard time breathing and was told there were no Vets available to see him and to take him to an emergency clinic. REALLY!!!!When cancelling the plan, I was told I still had to continue to pay for the medical plan until November 15th of this year, more than 6 months after his death. Or pay in full.  I had  plans for my other 3 dogs also. I cancelled all 4 plans and was charged over a $1,000.00 to cancel the plan.I will never spend another dime in a Petsmart store and Banfield Pet Hospital.
1	Took my poor sick dod there and she got misdiagnosedAnd she ended up passing away;( Oh and over priced 40 for a post op are u joking
