4	VERY FRIENDLY staff.  In fact, at times they seemed to be just a bit too friendly.  I get that they train their employee's to greet every guest, but everytime you see an employee, or make eye contact, they are either welcomeing you to the place, or asking how everything is going.  It was a bit of an overkill.  And the place is loud. Very Loud.  So loud it is hard to hear your table companions.  And every so often, the music would go up a little louder, and all the employees would stop making sure every single customer felt welcome and aprreciated all the time, and they all did a cute little line dance.Other than that, the place is great.  Nice atmosphere, great peanuts.The food is reasonably priced and so very tasty.  I am sure they know this, because they are constantly asking how your meal is.  Well, not constantly, but pretty darn close.  I had the T-Bone smothered in Mushrooms, and it was cooked to perfection.  The rice side dish was a little sticky and over-cooked, but other than that, the food was an 9 out of ten.  After we paid the bill and started to the door, again the service was overwhelming when no less than four seperate employess thanked us for coming and hoped we enjoyed our meal.  The place was packed, but still seemed a little over staffed.  I do like to feel welcome in a resturant, but not every time I turn around.  Still, I think I will be returning for a good, resonably priced meal.
1	I live nearby this new location, I have never been to a Texas Roadhouse before so I figured we'd try it some time. When we went for dinner it was a Friday night, around 6 pm. This place was packed!!!! There was a 45 minute wait, but we didn't care because we have never eaten there before. After our buzzer went off we went inside. We were immediately seated. Our server took a little while to appear and take our drink orders, which I could understand since they were extremely busy. As some one else noted this place is LOUD! You can't hear conversations amongst your table. While waiting for my food I started to feel light headed and dizzy because of how loud and cramped this place is. After we placed our order it didn't take long for our food to arrive. The steak I ordered look and tasted delicious, as did everyone's food. But when I started to eat my baked potato, and had already taken a couple of bites I noticed there was something in it... After i pulled what it was out between my fingers I realized it was a friggin eyelash. EYELASH! EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW! At this point I was already a little upset and disappointed about this restaurant. But now I was completely grossed out. Our server was at the table next to ours. She had been there chatting it up, clearly with people she knew. We called for her attention, 5 time! Finally she decided when it was convenient for her she broke away from her conversation, and approached our table. When we pointed out the eyelash to her she acted like it was nothing, and that people receiving eyelashes with their baked potatoes were a common thing. She asked if I wanted a different potato. DUH I WANT A NEW POTATO!!!!! No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it. My mother-in-law spoke for me since I was so grossed out that I didn't even respond. After that I finished the steak, but the new potato went to waste. As we were leaving, there was a burly looking biker guy who was extremely intoxicated, and rude to my mother-in-law, by saying obscene comments. The people who go to this place are seedy, and so is the service. The only positive thing I can say about that place is that it's cheap. But at that price who knows what you might find in your food. Never again will I eat here. I knew we should have gone to Black Angus...
5	Try the portobello mushroom chicken.  Best I ever had!  And YES this place is loud.  My ears are still ringing the day after.  A terrific fun place and the prices are good.
4	What do you do in a failing economy next to a failing mall? You blow up the old Benigens and open a new TX Roadhouse. ??I think I saw Patrick Swayze there too? j/kThe service was nice a tad slow but nice. The food was good, prices were good.I had the pork sandwich which did not disappoint. In fact if fed me and my kid. The free bread is better with the normal butter not the flavored one. IMOThe do an annoying yet entertaining dance thing every 1/2 hr or so.. it was fun to watch the first time.
3	I've been to a few Texas Roadhouses, and they're pretty consistent. Good food (not incredible, but on par, or maybe a little better than the competitors - Outback, Black Angus, etc). I like Prime Rib, and rarely get one cooked properly at this class of place. It was good, but a bit lifeless. The others' meals were good. We had a little trouble getting much service from our waiter - looked mike maybe it was not a regular issue. I did get a bit frustrated when we're trying to get the waiter's attention and they go into their dance.   I'd go back, but I'm in a great hurry.
4	The place was very busy for a Thursday, but we had a table within a few minutes.  Our server was very prompt and attentive, and the drinks and food were well paced.  Their margaritas are very good for a chain. The food was also quite  good, with the steaks done medium rare properly and the sides were tasty.  My pulled pork was a huge serving and was moist but not too greasy.  The rolls were good but did not seem fabulous as others claim (warm and fresh, but a bit too greasy on the outside).  Overall a great non fuss dinner out for a reasonable cost.
3	Hmm, first to review a restaurant that's been open for months  Anyway, Similar to Lone-star or Outback.  Reasonably good steaks at a fair price.  Mostly booths, don't like booths.  Don't like loud country music that much either.  Don't like the wait staff stopping to do line dances either, that may be my steak sitting under the heat lamp.  Steak was OK. Compared to the nearby restaurants, probably last choice.
5	Wow! Hats off to the staff of this Texas Roadhouse! They really know what they're doing. Hubby & I arrived on Sat night about 6:30 & it was packed! Unusual in these tough economic times- a good sign! We were told -an ACCURATE- 30-40 min wait. Ok, no prob, so we found a seat & enjoyed the free peanuts.Once seated we had a GREAT server named Matt. I have a dairy intolerance & he was happy to go to the kitchen to find out about the rolls he had just placed before us. While they are brushed with butter & I was willing to eat all but the tops, he actually brought me my own basked of rolls that hadn't been brushed! That was real nice! We ordered our entrees and I was really disappointed that they were out of the 1/2 chicken, so I ordered something else....but then 5 min later Matt reappeared to tell me the 1/2 chickens just came out of the oven & he had snagged one for me! Wow! Perfect! All the food - from the rolls to the entrees to the side dishes- were piping hot and delicious. My hubby, who is a hearty eater said his portion size was perfect. I had leftovers for the next day.Service was quick and attentive (glasses quickly refilled) and what a value!With a generous tip (over 20%) we still walked out under $30.Hubby & I have NEVER walked out of a restaurant with NOTHING bad to say! That says a lot! Great meal, great staff, great value! We'll be back, for sure! :)
5	We went with the family.. That means there where 5 adults and 1 10 year old on a sugar induced high. It was interesting. Ordering took a bit since my sister has a Gluten allergy but the waitress went above and beyond. I ordered the pork chops. When the food came I got a steak? They figured out the error and went about fixing it. There was a mix up in the beverages and my diabetic father got a glass of sweet tea when he ordered Ice tea. It was more or less one disaster after another. Through it all the waitress, the manager and even the rest of the staff went above and beyond. It will forever be a memorable experience of a night full of fail but in the end everything was fixed and we left happy. The staff is human and we all make mistakes, It's how you deal with those mistakes that makes the impression.
5	I'm sorry, but I don't agree with Bob, not at all.... First of all... it's a COUNTRY themed TEXAS STYLE ROADHOUSE... with that being said... EVERYTHING that you would expect from that kind of a place... The service was impressive... hubby and I went there on Mother's Day with our daughter and the wait time was accurate 5-10 min.. and they were busy... the appetizer came out very, very quickly... and piping hot too!!  Our salad came out quickly as well and just about EVERY single employee that we walked by said "thank you for coming in have a wonderful mother's day." The manager even came over to ask how our meal was... and it was great food!!! A bit pricey though, but HUGE portions.. We paid 80 dollars for 2 cocktails, 2 steak combo dinners and an appetizer, but what we would expect from a traditional roadhouse... overall, wonderful experience and we will be going back there :)
4	My husband & I came here for our date night for dinner.  We love this place their food is always good and their staff is always friendly.  Love it!!!
4	I couldn't believe the place was as busy as it was before 5PM on a weekday.  Despite the crowds, service was great and the food was outstanding.  The atmosphere was entertaining for the kids as well.  We did have one problem with our meal but the server took care of it right away and the manager came by to make sure we were good.  Nice service!
3	This place was pretty good. I don't have incredibly bad memories of the food or staff, so my dining experience was pleasant. Our server's name was Kendra (I think) and I thought she did a pretty good job. She was cute, helpful and fast. Unfortunately, the people I was dining with could have been nicer to her. Anyway, our complimentary rolls were delicious. For our appetizers, we had the Rattlesnake Bites and Boneless Buffalo Wings. Both were sufficient. Rattlesnake Bites were a different take on jalepeno poppers. Just a ball of cheddar jack cheese and diced up jalepeno breaded and deep fried. For my main course, I had the Portobello Mushroom Chicken. It was fantastic. I suggest trying out Texas Roadhouse.
1	It sucked tonight. Been here a couple of times with no problems but tonight.... A friend ordered his steak well done but had to send it back twice because it was still pink inside. I had finished eating by the time the 2nd steak came out so my friend did not wait for a 3rd steak. Half the wait staff was too busy flirting & talking to a woman sitting behind us to even care.  If you like Texas Roadhouse, stay away from the Metro Center location. People call it ghetto center for a reason.
4	I normally stay away from "themed" restaurants but Texas Roadhouse has a really cozy atmosphere and good food. I usually get the half roast chicken and a Coors Light and my evening ends up being great. Service has always been great and I love the house steak sauce. Actually, I can't get enough of it. It's the best steak sauce around I'd say but then again I'm a saucy kinda guy. I've been to this location as well as the Arrowhead one and I'd rate them equally.
4	As always, TR did not disappoint.  I tried the chopped steak, smothered with onions and mushrooms.  It was so good!  The server was very friendly and was prompt in his service.  There was no waiting to get a table.  The only problem we encountered was that the peanuts were a little stale.  Otherwise, it was another great experience at TR.  I will definitely be back!
4	Hey ya'll this review'll wrap up my Phoenix weekend.     We drove go-karts, visited with friends and now it's time for lunch.   My friend suggests we git some grub at the Roadhouse.We walk in and the five of us were seated quickly.SERVICE:  Was very good!   Each staff member greeted us with a smile.   Our server was friendly, polite and right on top of taking and bringing us our drink orders.   Plus once our vittles arrived, he was never far away if we needin' anything.FOOD:  OK, now ya'll tell me what's wrong with this here picture:  We're in this restaurant called "Texas Roadhouse" and they do, yes ya'll guessed it, steaks and BBQ!   But do any of us order a Texas sized steak or a slab O' ribs or a pile of pulled pork or a big ol' burger or any other stick to yer ribs item on the menu?   Heck No buckeroo!    Two of us order the Chicken Critter Salad and the other three order the Chicken Critters.   Someone call the sheriff 'cuz this should be again' the law!Now that I got that outta ma system...  The Chicken Critter Salad (greens, jack & cheddar cheeses, egg, tomato, and bacon) was filling and pretty tasty.   Chicken Critters are Chicken strips with a different batter on um.   When they be fried up the batter runs and they look like them hole jumbo prawn thingamajigs!   Kinda kewl!We 'all finished our mid-day vittles and moseyed on back to the ranch.4 stars.
4	Packed Saturday night and I'm a single lady looking for dinner and a place at the bar.  Service was outgoing and genuine.  Ordered small filet.  Wonderfully flavorful and tender - would have expected a much higher price for this quality steak.  Baked potato could have used more stuff on top.  A little dry.  Bread was fresh and plentiful.  Salad was tasty.  Only downside...bar was too small for this busy of a place.  Could have been doubled in size and still full.  I'l go back to try some of the other other food.
4	The steak here is very good. I also liked the salad and rolls. It is fairly priced and the staff is very friendly. They have a few tv's to watch the game and it is very comfortable.
4	The service and food was really good. My only complaint it's very loud in there, so it's hard to talk.
5	I have always been a fan of the Texas Roadhouse chain! I have been here to many time to count.  This is this place where you eat all the peanuts you want at the table and throw the shells on the ground!  The service is usually always great, but once in awhile something lacks but the management always seems to handle it. To start I love the rolls, so good. I usually end up getting the prime rib or the steak kabobs, which are always delicious. I love the kabobs because you get a skewer of grilled veggies as well.   Everything is homemade there in the store so is always fresh.
1	I went when the place was new.  Salad had undisclosed eggs on it, steak was well done when ordered practically-walking rare. Sent that back twice.Tthen took it home as my guest had finished their dinner.  To their credit, I Got a coupon for another dinner.  Came back, the server rarely came to the table and got the order wrong again.  And they knew of our previous experience and still performed badly.  I saw other coupons handed in with people stomping out for the second time.  Also the worst thing? You are having a conversation, then the whole staff breaks into song and dance every 30 minutes. It is their gimmick--it is awful!
1	Don't go here if you are hungry after 8pm.  They close early, wasted an hour driving to this location. Never again.Closed for the Super bowl?  Wow
5	Don't be apprehensive about going to this restaurant if you are vegetarian. They offer a great vegetable plate made up of four side dishes of your choice. Beware, though, the green beans contain bacon. The fried pickles were great with a light crisp coating. I plan to eat here often. The service is prompt and efficient.
4	I'm not a big country or chain restaurant fan so I wasn't expecting to like this restaurant, but I REALLY LIKE THIS RESTAURANT!From the shelled peanuts in a bucket at the table; to the line dancing in the aisles; to the delicious food; it's all a lot of fun and a great experience.The service is exceptional, the employees really seem to like working there.  They are energetic, friendly and helpful.The food is great, Love the dinner rolls!!!  I wasn't expecting the salmon to be anything special, but I must admit it is one of the best salmon dishes I have ever had, cooked perfectly and seasoned properly, it really doesn't get much better.I also like that it's a place I can take everyone in my family.  My mom's a vegetarian, my dad hard to please and other family members have some diet restrictions, but the menu is flexible enough to accommodate everyone.  The servers know their stuff too, so special requests are not a problem and they know what is in their food so dietary restrictions questions are confidently answered.It's a good time, with good food, and a fun atmosphere.
3	They have free peanuts. Loud place not the best for conversation. It seems that it is everyones birthday that goes there, as they have to sing the song every 13 seconds. My baby hates this place, dad loves it. Meals are good sized good for splits. Steak is ok nothing to shake a stick at. I still prefer outback.
2	The portobello mushroom chicken was surprisingly good, sweet potato was delicious. The service however was terrible. Good thing we enjoyed our food, not once did the server ask how the food was, in fact we didn't see her once after giving our order. Do not come here expecting above average service.
3	Good food steak was a little dry but everything else was great
2	MANAGER IS A TOOL!!!!The only reason Im even giving this place 2 stars is because of the hostess. She greeted us with a smile and sat us immediately. Everything else was just TERRIBLE. After we sat, we were given the wonderful bread and butter, but no napkin or silverware..? Server took our drink order, came back with drinks, took our food order, came back with food. Still no silverware or napkin. Im well aware that the server didnt notice the lack of the things we needed because he was too busy cleaning up his section for the night. (we went in at 9 and they closed at 11). Wiping menus, wiping down tables, refilling the peanuts... I dont even work there and I was learning closing sidework... Lets just say he made it perfectly clear we were his last table of the night. SO! After our food had sat there for a minute, while we were waiting for our napkins and silverware, my boyfriend finally cut in to his MEDIUM paper thin meat patty of a "burger", and it was raw. The inside was literally RAW. Not rare, but RAW. Our server was sitting in the booth behind us wiping menus so it was easy to get a hold of him. His response was "let me get a plate for the burger.. cause there's nothing wrong with your fries, right?"... As I sat there forcing down my God awful sloppy chicken sandwich alone, 10min later a short chubby manager with a hat on approached the table like we had just egged his car out front. He slams the burger on the table and says "wanna take a bite out of it to make sure you like it this time?"... WTF?! No appology, not even a smile?!! My boyfriend forced a bite down and said it was fine. The manager knodded and walked away. Sure enough the burger was RAW AGAIN. I set my card on the edge of the table... the server saw that my bf only took the one bite, he came back with the closed check and needless to say, we were still charged for the burger. Horrible food, terrible service and management... we'll never be back again.
5	This is my 1st time at this location & I have  to say my experience has been far better than the desert sky location! Our waitress Shelly Mac is the best!!!! She made sure to check on us on top of bringing those sweet rolls to our table. Our food came out really quick and was delicious. We will be coming back to this location for sure!
4	Came here with a party of 30+ people after a graduation that didn't have plans on eating somewhere after the commencement.  I live on the opposite side of town and would never come to this Texas Roadhouse for lunch/dinner. I will say....I was very impressed.  This restaurant not only accommodate the entire party, but the staff was awesome.  Although, we couldn't all sit at one table they gave a section and we took over several tables.  The staff was accommodating, patient, courtesy and friendly.  Food-great selection on the menu.  I think in our party alone we ordered one of everything from the menu.  I am not a chained restaurant person, so I ordered a classic burger  to be on the safe side, it was awesome!  Someone else in our party ordered their sweet potatoes and they were delicious.  My son is a mac n cheese guy...and it came out cold he had to send it back, but it wasn't an issue.  They were very accommodating.  All in all, I was very impress with the staff and how they handle our 30+ party situation.  Kudos, to the staff for being so friendly, accommodating and very patient.  I will seek out a Texas Roadhouse -East Valley.  In the future, if some asks let's try Texas Roadhouse, I won't say no.
5	Nick, Hilson and the rest of the gang ALWAYS make my day.  Eat at the Bar when every you can.  Entertaining crew and good value.  I hate chains but this group is great.  I bring clients here from Bell Ford when ever I can and they make them feel welcome and give the brand a good name.
5	So I love texas roadhouse. At least texas did something right! heyyy ohhhAnyway, I always go to the one up on bell road, but it seems every time I go there, I get horrendous service. I came into this location today, great food as always, but I've got to give a big shout out to the server Thomas. By far the best service I've ever had at texas roadhouse.
2	We drove past 4 of our favorite restaurants to try this Texas Roadhouse location. I used to go to TR all the time in Oklahoma, but never tried the Phoenix location..We walked through the doors, and even though it was busy for a Wednesday, we were seated right away. The table was ready with silverware, just waiting. We were really impressed. The host staff really had it figured out. Then, we met our server who had a trainee. Both were very nice, although the trainee kept dropping straws in our food and reaching across throughout the night. She was nervous, so I have no complaints over her or our server. Both were bubbly and friendly.My favorite thing about Texas Roadhouse was always the big, fluffy rolls. These rolls were about half the size as they usually are, and they were crusty and seemed a little stale, almost microwaved. But, at least they still had the great Texas Roadhouse taste. The problem, was were given our starters- the peanuts and the bread, and had ran out of drinks. The trainee ran over to us and told us the tea was brewing- so she couldn't refill right now. Before I could ask for something else, she was gone. I have a huge fear of choking because of a med condition, so I always have to have something to drink with my food. I understand restaurants run out of tea sometimes, I would have been fine with a water in the mean time... The worst part? The 4 of us had all ran out of drinks and sat there for 5 minutes with no drink, before a coke and water was brought to my kids, but we were told again, the tea was out. My husband asked if we could just have a coke. She asked if there was something wrong with the tea. I was irritated, and snapped a bit at the server, and said 'Nothings wrong with it. We don't have it. I just need something." She was nice, but didn't seem to understand why I couldn't wait. She told me again that she was waiting for the tea to finish brewing... Another couple of minutes later, I had some warm tea brought to me. After that, service picked up. The atmosphere was fun, very busy with lots of birthdays. The kids ordered burgers with fries. Both were great, however, after they delivered our food- the servers just disappeared. Our ketchup bottle was completely empty, not even a drop in it! It should have been in the trash, not on our table. We waited for probably another five minutes for the trainee to return so we could ask for new ketchup. I ordered a prime rib and asked that it be only a little pink, my husband wanted his a little redder. My husband's steak didn't even appear to be cooked. It looked like they removed it from the package and placed it on the plate. He pushed lightly, and the fingerprint stayed. The server took it back, and the manager returned a few minutes later with an apology. We were disappointed that the same steak was taken to the back and recooked and brought back to us, instead of starting over fresh. Most of the juices had been cooked away and it was now a brown color. I expected the manager to offer us a dessert, or something for the chaotic night, but instead we were given a recooked steak. Very disappointed on that. As for our actual service, I know those servers were working very hard, and it was a very busy night in there. I hope this store finds some more help so the servers aren't having to scurry and neglect tables.. I say this because my servers were very patient and nice, they just seemed stressed. I love Texas Roadhouse, but I hope the rest of the staff at this location steps up to the level of the awesome host team. Those guys held it together all night, and knew exactly where their empty tables were, and filled them immediately.
5	Fun celebrations. Happy staff and a fun, ready to serve attitude. Maybe that's why thus chain can handle being sandwiched between On one bey 2 major steakhouse players.  Just a team worth giving a real shot to wow you
4	There is a guy that I am dating that really likes this place. So much so that we come at least once a week and the waitstaff are starting to take notice. He orders the same thing every single week, and me, I like to go rogue and change it up. At the rate we are going, I will have tried everything on the menu soon. So far my favorite is the BBQ chicken that only the fabulous waitress Melissa knows how to order for me. Every time I try to order via another server, it always comes out WRONG, WRONG, WRONG! Their croutons (yes croutons) are delicious as they are made fresh daily every single day. I am a little obsessed with to the point that I only want my side dish to be one HUGE salad with a ton of croutons. Oh and don't forget about there fresh baked rolls. There have a been a few times in which they tasted stale. Not sure how that is even possible but it has happened. I will say that as long as I am dating this guy, this place will be on a constant rotation. SMH! until next time....
3	I stopped at Texas Roadhouse for lunch yesterday. I ordered the 6oz sirloin steak lunch. The mashed potatoes were very good as well as the salad. The steak was average and cooked to my liking. The waiter was very attentive and helpful. Overall I had a pleasant experience especially for the price.
5	Loving this restaurant, the host, server/waitress were so cordial and friendly. The food was great and really affordable. A lot for your money. Let's see, I started with boneless wings as my appetizer. Then I ordered pulled pork sandwich, & small chilli and salad. NICE!
4	The service & the food on this visit was AWESOME!  The only negative was how loud it was when the servers gathered 'round and hooped & hollered for the occasional celebration.Our server Tiki was very attentive & pleasant. We'll be asking to be set at her table next time we visit. We had refills on the table before we needed them & she even brought a kids refill for our little one - can't remember the last time that happened, oh wait - that's never happened with out asking. Definitely deserving of the bigger than normal tip we left.The food was prepared to perfection. The steaks were cooked just right - one medium & one medium rare, the cook definitely knows the difference & it shows. The kids sliders were really good too - the little one ate both of them!
1	Ive been to many Texas Road houses across the country but this one was very dissapointing. The food was cooked sloppily, my steak was supposed to be medium rare but it was overdone and chewy and grisly, my side of rice was overcooked and tasted like mush. The waitress forgot everything we would ask for and had to come back several times for something as simple as steak sauce. The only redeeming factor is the bread was always delicious and amazing as usual.
2	Ok, to be honest I shouldn't have had very high expectations coming into the place, but I was hungry, it was late(ish), and they were open. The service was fine, but I can get that at McDonalds. What I came for was a steak. I ordered a rib eye, blackened, medium rare. What I got was blackened all right, but not how it is normally prepared. Blackened steaks are seasoned, then seared to order. This steak was basically Pittsburgh style, charred to a crisp, and raw in the middle. I actually like Pittsburgh style steaks, but this was over the top. Like eating a raw steak coated with charcoal.Stick with the basics here and you'll probably be just underwhelmed instead of utterly disappointed.
5	Here is a great place, people and food.
2	I returned to Texas Roadhouse to give them another chance. I've always loved the chain, because it reminds me of back home. This visit was a little better, the service was ok. The meals took awhile, but that is usually expected of this type of place. My problem is that the cooks have no idea how to cook a steak. Both times I've visited, my steak was about 2 temperature levels off. Being able to cook a steak is usually not a prerequisite I have with restaurants, however, I expect a steak house to be able to pull it off. This place is far too over priced for the skill levels of the cooks. The atmosphere that was once seemed fun, just seems a little fake and corny. You're not quite there, Texas Roadhouse. I'll take my money next door, at Black Angus, where its quiet and the steaks are accurate.
2	So I live a hop, skip, and a jump away from this joint. I usually love it because the staff is very kind and helpful. I took my niece there last night for her birthday. From jump, my waiter was being a smarty pants. When our food finally came out, the fries were ice cold and there were literally 7 fries in the basket.. So I kindly told him to get us some fresh ones and hopefully a few more. Not even one minute later, he brings back, I kid you not, the same basket.. I'm like umm sir these are the same. He looks flustered and says he's going to tell his manager so she can get it taken care of. Seriously, your guys' specialty isn't fries. Fries are pretty simple. So some time later, the manager comes out with it. By the time we received the fresh fries, we were all done eating. When he brought me the check, I asked him what my niece gets for a birthday type deal and he says ice cream and walks away. I was like wow, he just doesn't like us anymore. I swear to you we weren't being rude at all. I have been to this location a number of times. Needless to say, I probably won't come back for a while.
3	Come in here quite often and it's a different experience every time. Steaks are good most of the time and the sides are always delish. The ribs are bleh, I've gotten them prob 5 times and they are either perfect or dry as a rock. I've gotten the bacon burger the last few times and that is really tasty. The main reason my girlfriend and I keep coming back is for their amazing rolls. Despite how loud and annoying this place can get, eating their rolls the next day makes everything better. Will continue to go back as long as I'm craving a tasty, good priced meal.
5	amazing experience.  went here for my dad's birthday dinner and it was an overall 5 star experience.  I would give it 10 stars if they had the option. Our waitress Felicia was awesome. she was on top of our drinks and food and was very friendly and we went on a day that they wore super hero outfits and she was wonder woman which was appropriate given that it was busy and she still took very good care of us as a server. The food was also amazing I got the 16 oz rib eye and the steak was so good it seemed to melt in my mouth with every bite and at the end Felicia grabbed a saddle and had my 54 year old father sit on it and did the Texas roadhouse yeeeee haaaaaawwww song and dance. just an amazing experience and I will be back in the future. being there is a black angus and another steakhouse right next door to each other there is no comparison even the price was good. best steakhouse hands down. A must visit if you are ready to have fast friendly service and amazing food.
5	Been to Texas Roadhouse but this was my first experience at the Metro location. Right away we were greeted and sat at a table within minutes. The greeter asked us if we have ever been to that location and let her know we had not and she said well we are definitely the best one. She sure was right. The waitress was great at keeping us stocked with fresh bread with that cinnamon butter YUUUUMMM and our drinks full. # of us order the prime rib and one the cowboys cut steak. It was all SOOO good. Even the onion blossom we had as an appetizer was delicious. It was a little greasy at the bottom but that's to be expected when it's deep fried. Overall was very very pleased with our experience. The dance the staff does is also pretty cool and created a fun environment. Overall the food was great and the all the staff seemed energetic and eager to help and make you comfortable. As we walked out, I don't think there was one person we walked by that did not thank us for coming in. Definitely will be back to this location!
5	First time at this restaurant at this location.. Awesome service,  Amazing Food, & their Armadillo Punch is SPECTACULAR!!!! Overall, a fun, full & great experience!
3	The environment is lively and the employees have fun at their jobs. The prices are reasonable and portions are huge. However, over the past year we have visited this restaurant which has been at least six times it almost a gurantee that we have to send our meat back whether it be the prime rib or steak and quite frankly it has gotten old because you originally wait for your meal and then wait again while its sent back causing your other food to get cold and overall you just end up not enjoying your meal. The last straw for me was when I called the restaurant on mothers day to inquire about the wait at 630PM. The gal said it was currently 40 minutes. I said perfect and made my reservation for 710PM. Upon checking in they told me it was a 20-30 minute wait.  I said what happened to the 40 minute wait that I was told when I called? The gal said that all call ahead seating does is cut your wait time in half. I told her that is crazy and that what she is telling me now is not what was told nor explained to me over the phone. All the gal could say was sorry man. Who calls their customers man?  So we walked over next door to Long Horn Steakhouse instead and spent our hard earned money there. We are done with Texas Roadhouse at least at Metro Center.
2	We've tried this location a few times and it always seems to be the same experience. It takes a long time to get anything to the table..cocktails, entrees. When it arrives it's not hot and fresh. My ribs were cold in the middle but it had already been over 40min , I just took them to go.Disappointment . For the money I'd rather go elsewhere.
2	I came here the other night with my extended family - we had a party of 8.We were seated pretty quickly, which I wasn't expecting.The atmosphere was unnecessarily loud at times. They would turn the music up and conversation would be impossible.  The food wasn't bad, but we weren't pleased that there was a 10 minute delay from half of us getting our meals to the other half being served. This hasn't been an issue in the past and is quite a sticking point.Next time, we will definitely pass on Texas Roadhouse.
1	The service was descent, atmosphere loud as usual, and wait time was rather short for a saturday night around 6:00 pm. Our waiter was friendly and super energetic! For as busy as it was he was very attentive. However, this review was about my food. I had the Roadhouse Steak Salad (or something like that) and it was decent. I didnt eat much or it and took it home. Oh how I wish I had finished it there so I could have shown the manager the piece of BROKEN CERAMIC in my salad. Alas...a few hours later I sat down to nibble on it and nearly broke my tooth on it! Now I dont want to finish the salad in fear of chipping my tooth or ripping my intestines open with sharp ceramic pieces! Needless to say it will be a long before I ever return to a Texas Roadhouse!
4	I guess the word is surprised, it was surprisingly good. It's just after 6 and we were invited out for steak dinner. The question was where to go with quite a number of choices here in the area. We talked about Bobby-Qs, Black Angus and Texas Roadhouse. None of us had tried here at the Texas Roadhouse  so we poked our heads in and there was a wait but not very long. They handed us a pager, we waited about 15 minutes and we were seated. You never really know when a place is working at capacity if things are going to go well, but as I have already hinted... no problemo!The waitress introduced herself on the way to the table, while grabbing some rolls and honey butter. Sat us down in a booth got our drink order and offered us appetizers that she said would be out in a flash if we wanted one. We picked the onion blossom, it was a good choice crisp and tasty with a pair of dips for flavor, one was I believe a chipolte remoulade and the other their ranch dressing, both were good the chipolte was a little on the spicy side.The atmosphere was noisy but we were able to talk as well as hear each other. The music is in keeping with the name, country western. While we were working on the onion blossom all of the sudden all the employees are lined up in the aisle clapping, I was expecting them to break out in a round of Happy Birthday but no... They line danced through the song... That was a new one on me. The staff in matching T-shirts that say "I love my Job" was dancing and singing to the music. Some were beginners, some much more proficient it was a hoot to watch. And like it started when the song was over everyone was back to work.The order for our main course was taken, The 20 oz porterhouse for me, Jo had the steak salad, with William rounding out the order with a grilled chicken. Each plate came with 2 side dishes from a long list. I had a salad with blue cheese dressing, and the home fries. I will mention that William picked one that he didn't care for the green beans, when he mentioned it to the waitress, she offered to switch it without hesitation, The drinks were renewed before anyone could  get to the bottom of their glass and the steaks were amazing. This was 5 star.Opps, I gave them 4 pretty much for the noise and the loud music, and we will go back I am sure. This is a fun place, and the prices are not out of line, a Texas down home kind of feel to the place will welcome you back, we are looking forward to it.
5	We've never been disappointed here. Had the grilled chicken and strawberry salad last night and it is now my favorite. We shall come here often.
5	Not a country fan or of gimmicks in restaurants. however, I'll never step foot in a different steakhouse. bone in ribeye is delicious, always get a loaded potato(easy salt) and veggies. lasts 2 meals because of the free bread and cinnamon buter. ask for some rolls to go, eat half the meal. bam, 2 meals. I suggest rare to medium rare if you wanna do this so you can reheat. great service, can be slow when busy but that's a full house, what do you expect?
2	We went there for my birthday.  We were greeted OK, as it was busy we waited about 10 minutes,  no problem there.  I ordered a 12 oz ribey rare.  Meals took about another 15 minutes.  My ribeye was cooked correctly, however it was very tough, full of gristle.  Flavor was good,  I wonder the grade of steaks they serve.
4	Every once on a while you get a hankering for a steak.  A big ol' slab of beef charbroiled and served with bread, salad and a spud.  Add a margarita and life is good.  This is a good place to fulfill that need there on "Steak Parkway" along Metrocenter. (That in its self is a strange phenomenon)  It is good to get a bucket of peanuts on the table along witb war. bread as soon as you sit down and the service is great.  They do the scheduled dance thing that is a little silly.  The food is cooked as requested, is Texas sized and served with a smile.  Only small complaint - a tad salty.  Otherwise good when you got a beef jones.
2	Okay, so as far as steak houses goes, Texas Roadhouse is at the BOTTOM of my list. On the plus side: The shrimp was pretty good, and their bread was great. That's it.The chicken tenders were about the same quality as Chilies. And their Country Fried chicken and gravy was just low grade. And if you go anyway DO NOT GET THE RICE!! It taste like your just eating sodium. Nasty nasty sodium. As my husband put it "I can taste the box!" So yes if your going to choose a stake house for dinner just go to a real steak house. YOu will pay a $3.00 difference for MUCH BETTER FOOD. Outback, Lonestar, Long Horn. All much MUCH better
5	Great steak, great people. For the price and serving sizes, hands down best steakhouse go try it
5	Great food, great atmosphere and wonderful service everything time we good. One of my favorite place to go eat at.
1	I have been here several times and had a great meal and good service. However, the last time I was here the food was not prepared to temp, the service absolutly was aweful.I brough friends to dinner. One friends steak was supposed to be Med-Well, the damn thing was still mooing. The waitress did not come check on us for 20 minutes after our food was delivered. She told my friend to be a big bioy and eat up they didn't have doggy bags. Then she walked away. He was very disapointed and got up and walked out. I had to get another waiter to get the waitress for me. She said oh I though I was doing a good job. UM really how?This experience has ruined it for me. I will not be back. I gave away my giftcards. Will not return.
5	BEST CESAR SALAD OF MY LIFE!! Love this place, the staff is awesome, its super fun and the food is amazing. If a steak house can master a salad, you know the stake is awesome too!! We go there for all our celebrations!!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE
4	Love the atmosphere and food. Great baked sweet potatoes and fried pickles. Great place to bring friends and family.
5	I've been here several times and I gotta tell you the ribs are amazing. The few times I've been lucky enough to be seated in Shelly's section I'm treated like a king. Thanks again!!
3	They have an $8.99 lunch menu and entire menu is available for lunch. The bread is warm and fresh and very sweet as is the butter. The salad had fresh hard boiled eggs and the Italian dressing was tasty but also very sweet. The ribs do fall off the bone and the sweet potato, which is actually a yam was very firm. If you like over cooked meat and everything loaded with sugar then this is the place for you.
2	I would say this Texas Roadhouse isn't like the others. It was a slow sunday evening meal my girlfriend and I was having and the meal wasn't that great. Steak was under cooked the first time ( they did fix it) but her chicken salad was very soupy. Service wasn't as good either that what I expect and am used to. I wouldn't recommend this one at all
4	We went here as a large group (entire softball team and families). The restaurant was super accommodating and they basically gave us an entire section to ourselves and we had multiple servers at our disposal.Being from CA the prices were lower than I was used to which was a nice surprise. However, the better surprise was the extraordinary service provided by the staff.  They were always available, attentive, helpful and very friendly. They gave us all our options for splitting checks and how to best get our players served their food.  I was impressed with the responsiveness to say the least. Additionally, considering we were such a large group (at least 30 people) we were in and out of there in about 90 minutes!And they had really good food! The only downside (for me) was I could tell that everything was cooked in butter, some people really like that but not me. Other than though it was great experience!
2	We were in the mood for a dress up steak dinner without the big price tag. Disappointed by the service and food but they did make up for it with a free entree coupon. Still, I'll go elsewhere for steak next time.
5	Obviously, their bread is delicious. But if you go to this location make sure your waitress is Kalani! She provides the best costumer service and is so friendly! 5 stars baby!
