4	I had always purchased my tires at Discount Tire before getting a new set of 4 here. They carry Cooper tires whereas other places usually don't. Pep Boys has some great deals on tires, especially if you get a coupon, or better yet, a cool rebate. I got a "pay for 3 get the fourth free' Deal which was really nice. They also have a full serve auto maintenance department, and everything you could need in the store for your auto or truck.
1	I've had a couple of bad experiences at this store over the last 6 months and will not be returning.  In particular, the last time I was there, I dropped off a battery to see if it could be re-charged.  It was late on a Saturday so they told me I'd have to leave it overnight and that they would call me the next day as it could take as long as a few hours.  After half of Sunday had gone by, I hadn't heard from them so I gave them a call... it turns out, nobody put the battery in the charger so they assured me in 2 hours I could come pick it up.  I didn't want to drive down tot he store unless the battery was done, so when I called, the very unfriendly person on the phone didn't know what the status was, and that they would call once they found out.  Another 2 hours went by and nothing... by this point, I was going to have to go on Monday to pick up my battery.Anyway, when I finally was told the battery was done, it turned out the battery couldn't hold a charge anyway.  They were smart enough to not ask me if I wanted to buy a new one.
4	luckily, i've only had to take my truck in for service once and had no issues with service or quality. it is always expensive to have something auto related repaired....wish i would've paid more attention during shop class in high school, but oh well...i can't be good at EVERYTHING.friendly staff. they called a few times to make sure i wanted them to proceed with repairs and had my truck done in a few hours.
4	Ever since the management changed about 2 years ago, the service has improved dramatically!  The customer service is outstanding and are honest in pricing out auto service for my vehicle.  They are not necessarily always the least expensive repair shop but I like their honesty and integrity.
4	I hate to admit it, but this chain really does the trick for me when I'm in a pickle and need a hand. They offer a quick turnaround time and discounts along the way. I recently needed my oil changed and tires replaced. They did both in about an hour and a half and they were even offering a special that if you buy tires you get a free oil change. I know, tires are way more expensive then an oil change but I'll take the $20 savings where I can get it! They also offer a rewards program where you get $5 back for every hundred you spend. It's not a lot but every little savings helps when it comes to your car!
5	Great service from the guys here at Pep Boys. Had a hole in my tire and they patched it up for FREE!!! Service took about 40 minutes and they have a waiting room. They normally have WIFI but their router was down during my visit. :(I was given a free rewards program where you get $5 off every $100. Added the mini membership card to my keychain!
4	Pep Boys off Scottsdale rd is the best one I've found throughout the Valley.  They always have lots of people working so your car gets in and out of the garage fast. My best advice is to sign up for the Pep Boys rewards program to get great discounts in the mail for your next service.  I just had to get my starter replaced on my Acura and using my discounts I was able to get $100 off my service!!!!!However, even if you don't have a rewards program or may have forgot your mailed discounts at home, they have a great coupon list on their website for everyone!  Whats even better is they can scan the coupon right off your smartphone!
5	I had a really good experience the other night at Pep Boys.  I stopped in to get new wipers for my car, since I noticed they had gone dull.  The gentlemen working there were just that.  One went out and checked my wipers, confirmed my suspicions, another chose new wipers for me, the other put them on and disposed of the old ones for me -  all in less than 10 minutes!  All I had to do was stand there and look pretty, lol.  AND they're open until 8pm on a weekday, unlike so many other things in Scottsdale that close early.  I can't vouch for major repairs, but I've never been waited on "hand and foot" at a Pep Boys store before!lol
5	I was in a bind and out of town when the "boys" here really helped me out.I called and spoke with Ted, who gave me a quote for the work I needed done.  He greeted me when I arrived and quickly got to work on starting my order.  I was happy to find that everyone here was very direct and up front, and I walked out paying the same as the quote and no one tried to up-sell me (or talk down to me).Willy worked on my car quickly and efficiently, and Gene helped me look for parts.  I really appreciated how easy the whole trip was and that I was taken care of as soon as I pulled up.I would definitely recommend this place for parts or service if you happen to live in the Scottsdale area.
5	Doug is the GM there, I had a BAD experience at the Tempe location. I ended up calling corporate since this is not the norm from this brand ( I am new to the area) I found this location to be MUCH better service. I found that Tempe wanted to charge me 240$ to fix a EVAP error and took 3 days of messing with me. THIS location fixed if for 8$gas cap..... HONEST help here.  Jerry and Tyler are service managers that helped me, and my GF that dont know about cars at all.   This location fixed the "leak" code with new gas cap and also fixed my blown out tire and did alignment for much cheaper and better than anyone else I have called.This one is best in the vally
1	TERRIBLE!!! I will never go back. I brought my car in to have them replace a back-up light. After waiting for over an hour they told me they couldn't do that and I needed to go to the dealership. Save your time, take your car to the dealership or some where that they actually know what they are doing!
5	Excellent service! I went in expecting them to try to sell me unnecessary parts at high prices. Instead they explained everything in a very professional manner, and did not try to sell me any unnecessary stuff.t Iam the most skeptical person I know but after my visit today, pep boys has a customer for life. everyone from mechanic to manager were extremely helpful. GREAT JOB PEP BOYS! Especially Rudy & DonMy name is Marcus and  am a VERY SATISFIED CUSTOMER,
5	When you are a chick (or a guy who doesn't know anything about cars) you always feel hesitant to take your car to the shop.  All the places i went to before i felt like they would always try and sale me something I didn't want or need . . . Here you know they are telling you the truth.  They will tell you what is really needed for repairs and what you could wait on. They are honest and actually do want to help you.   I have taken my car in before and had them fix something small and not even charge me for it!  I assume the fix was so easy there was no fee, but how often does that happen?  My husband and I wont take our cars anywhere else.  I have been going here for about 6 years and haven't had a bad experience yet.  We live just down the road though so we always just drop off our cars instead of waiting.
3	UPDATE....after posting my original review on here (see below) I received a phone call from the general manager of this location. He apologized for my experience and told me that he wanted to make it right. He offered to put the correct starter in but since I am busy with work and the holidays right now I told him I couldn't make it in and besides the remanufactured starter they put in by mistake seems to be working fine for now, so he ended up refunding the whole labor cost they charged me when they put in the wrong part...which i think is fair. So, overall I am impressed that someone even contacted me regarding this and because they did I will most likely give them another try the next time I have an issue (but hopefully not with the starter again :) Original Review:  DO NOT USE THIS LOCATION! I have had three bad experiences at this location now in the last year with two different vehicles, so I figured it was time to post a review. The latest problem I had was when my starter went out in my Camry. I had Pep Boys put in a new one ( not remanufactured) for $289...nine months later it went bad. Took it in to have it replaced again and while the part is under warranty, the labor is not. Another $120 to put in a replacement new starter. I get home and look under the hood and the label right on the top of my "new" starter clearly says REMANUFACTURED :(. The reman part costs much less and is not the part listed on my receipts that I paid for. So , now I have to go back in again and see what they are going to do.
1	I've had the worst experience with Pep Boys just within the last few months. I initially went due to a Check Engine light, which turned out to be an Evap Leak and a $350 repair. My first visit was pretty standard. I went in, they did diagnostics, I approved the repair, and I picked up my car the next day. Less than two months later, the Check Engine light came on again, same code. I had them look at it and I was told that there was just a "kink in one of the lines" and that it would b fixed. I was hoping that that was the end of that. From that time, again in about a month and a half, same Check Engine light came on, with the same code. Again, I paid Pep Boys another visit. It would be my last. In addition to the same recurring problem, I also wanted to get my car checked because of a SMALL oil leak. This is where things got bad. I took my car in on a Wednesday morning, when they said it wasn't busy at all and that they'd give me a call in a few hours about what's going on with my vehicle. I didn't hear back until the evening, when I decided to call and ask about it. When I called, I asked about my car's status, was put on hold for so long that I decided to hang up and just call back. That happened 4 times in about two hours. Finally, someone was able to talk to me about my car. I was told that the oil leak was from multiple sources and that it was going to be a $670 job and they'd of course have to keep my car for another day. My schedule didn't allow that so I just picked my car up and planned on going back on the weekend. Btw, they didn't have time to check on the Check Engine issue...The following day, I noticed when I left work that I had left a puddle of oil. On the way home, my car stopped accelerating and I was stranded. Luckily, I was stranded near an auto shop and I had them check my car. Turns out, the pipe from wherever my transmission fluid was coming from was loose. I asked Pep Boys what they did and I was told that they just tried to tighten it (but loosened it up in the process?) The new shop was able to do that with no problem, replaced the fluid,  and was able to fix the the other leaks for $110. It's been a couple of weeks and I still haven't noticed any leaks. In regards to the Check Engine light, it was just turned off and I was advised to have them do diagnostics if it comes back. Diagnostics that they offer for free, while Pep Boys charges $100. I also had to pay for the oil leak diagnostics at Pep Boys, and tried to use a coupon I received via email but was told that I had to print out my coupon to use it. I've actually presented an online coupon before at that store and someone was able to scan a printed copy, however, the clerk made it apparent that he didn't like his job anyway so that probably would've been too much to ask of him.
1	Horrible customer service!!! Sat in the drive in repair area for over 30 minutes without acknowledgment, only to be told they couldn't assist me. Mind you the store and services bays were near empty, and it was 3 hours before closing. All this for a simple nail in the tire. I'll be having AAA put the spare on in their parking lot and going to Discount Tires, tomorrow.
5	I've been going to the Scottsdale location for several years and always have great customer service. Chad , Kyle, Gayle, and Jeff are very helpful and always willing to go beyond to help me.
5	Earlier this year I was having a lot of car troubles and the guys at Pep Boys not only helped me, they were very reasonable in pricing and even waived my costs for small things. When they discovered an ongoing issue I was having with overheating was actually a crack in the block, they even went as far as to look up the warranty and recall info, print it out for me and send me to the dealer to get the repairs done under warranty. Honest, great guys out in the service area!
1	Normally they do a decent job here, but apparently tonight they couldn't even adequately stock their box of overnight drop forms. That is to say, there is one car in the lot, mine, and zero forms to fill out. All this after waiting all day for a tow and then driving over in my girlfriend's car to meet the tow truck at this location for the sole purpose of filling out an overnight drop form. Is this review a bit reactionary? Sure. But now I have to bum a ride again in the morning to come back and deal with this mess all over again. And for that, the 1-star rating for this "visit" is justified, in my opinion.
1	I hate hate writing a bad review, but after my second bad interaction with Pep boys, I feel like its necessary. So I went in to get my headlight lamp replaced. I told them the lights I wanted, they said ok, $62 includes parts and labor. Cool I said do it. A couple mins later the kid, comes by and said oh I am sorry I quoted you incorrectly its going to be $89, and then gave a long explanation of why and I said ok. Then some sort of manager guy comes out and he wants me to go to the service desk. I go over and he says because the make of you car, and how difficult the headlight repair is for these, its going to be $92 per headlight. We have to disassemble your entire headlight assembly and replace the bulbs. He laid out this really convincing story that it would be a really long job. Well I happen to know how to replace the headlights because I had replaced my turn signal bulbs after they messed it up in the first place. I asked why take apart the headlights? When there a cover in the wheel well, that you pop out and take the bulb in/out. He goes oh there is? And we go out to look and the guy had already popped it out and starting taking it out that way. So imagine if I hadnt had that knowledge of what the job encompassed then I would of been like ok $92 each is cool. And way over spent of this repair. Very very sad to have encountered this experience here. As women we already are scared of getting ripped off by mechanics!In the shop they have a sales number goals, total goals for each department.. Well word of advice, worry more about your customer experience, and you wont have to worry about your sales. Providing a great customer experience, will bring repeat customers, and referrals. I will never ever step foot in the shop again.
4	My personal exoerienced has been mixed.It can be anywhere from two to five stars. Quality has been mixed.  Automotive service has been poor to okay.
3	Great customer service.... Stella helped me alot and Enrique James both super nice...  I had to change my review to 3 because I have to take it back.... I change my Struts and its making alot of noices after I got it done.. Will see maybe second time around they will fixed it right.... Stella is awesome....
3	Great Customer Services ... Stella And James Erique is awesome... I took my car to get my struts change but it was a defective one... Will re-update my review until its fully fixed .... Stella is awesome.....
4	They fixed my struts great customer service... Stella is a wonderful customer service....
5	Came in there with completely shot brakes on my front two tires. They explained to me exactly what was wrong, showed where the rotors were damaged beyond use, and worked with me to find the best price. The manager even threw on an extra discount and coupon for me since I'm a broke recent-grad. I usually stay away from big name auto repair companies, but these are some trustworthy guys over here
