1	Can't really give a review on the food because they were out of chicken! Went there on a Monday night, not very late, and they had only 1 piece of white meat chicken left, no chicken strips, and a few of the spicy chicken pieces left (we didn't want spicy).The staff wasn't overly friendly... Not rude, just not real friendly.
3	Great service at the Drive Thru...
1	I went against my better judgement and did something I said I'd never do again...I stopped at Church's chicken for dinner. Huge mistake. So the chicken wasn't THAT bad, but the sides made me want to slap them with a lawsuit for cruel and unusual punishment. I got mashed potatoes and some yellow goop they called macaroni and cheese. There's only been 2 times in my life where I couldn't eat some Mac and Cheese...the first time was in 2008 when I had Mexican Macaroni and Cheese from an MRE (I still have nightmares) and this garbage they served me was the second time. They ought to be ashamed of themselves.
4	This place was good, I mean I knew it was gonna be greasy fried chicken, but it was juicy! Coleslaw was good and mashed potatoes and gravy was like KFC. Biscuits had a honey glaze on the top, they were good. Overall, its fast food, customer service made me give them 4 stars!
5	I had a pregnant craving for fried chicken. My family owns a KFC so I absolutely did NOT want KFC. I went to Church's around twenty minutes ago and couldn't be happier. The girl who took my order was extremely friendly and that put a smile on my face before I even pulled up to the window. The boy working the window was just as pleasant! Very talkative and so polite. Not to mention, the food is fresh and tasty!!! This is going to be my new fried chicken stop for the next few months while having these cravings!!!
3	I come here often, sometimes they have it and sometimes they dont. I have never been inside, majority of the time I go thru drive thru. It takes a while for the food to come out. Like I said sometimes they have it in stock and sometimes they dont.  I love their jalapeno poppers they actually are better then other places that I go to. The chicken usually isnt greasy its juicy which I love. The set back is their fries typically taste old.The staff is super friendly and always get our order correct. They really know what they are doing, if they didn't take so much time with the food it would get more stars.
