5	I came to this Marshall's location with the assumption that since they're on The Strip they would have the best selection in the city, and the selection was nice. I parked at the MGM and then walked along the strip to get here, the actual store is located underground and felt pretty warm when I walked in, (I was sweating!) The interior atmosphere is like any regular Marshall's except for the industrial stairway and platform when you walk in. It was also very clean and nice inside! Since I was in a rush I only saw the women's selection but found some of my favorite brands, Joe's, Paige, J Brand, Joie, James Perse etc. The employees are very nice, especially the fitting room attendant, she was great, very friendly. I did not entirely enjoy the walk getting to this location but the whole experience was so nice that I wouldn't mind coming back here for some great finds. I am loving the Joe's I purchased, definitely the best jeans I've ever bought!
5	The cleanest, brightest, best stocked Marshalls this outlet shopper has ever experienced.  It's quiet and organized inside, a big contrast to the Ross next door. Highly recommend if you're on vacay and forgot something at home....Big enough to occupy a beat the heat moment from your trek along the Strip.
2	Meh... My friend and I were very excited to come to this Marshall's after reading both five star reviews and being avid Marshall's fans for a few years. Really, this Marshall's didn't have as much to offer us as I thought it would. It was fun to browse; I bought two clearance soy candles for $3 each. There was quite the selection of sunglasses which was fun. The purses were mediocre and the shoes were a bit old-lady for me. We had to park at MGM in order to get to the store... That was a bit confusing and annoying. We will be coming back to Vegas soon, but probably not back to this Marshall's.
5	Just moved to Vegas and was looking for Marshals to shop at. I went to this one because it was on the strip. Awesome selection and good prices, pretty cheap for quality stuff. More organized then I expected. employees were also nice. I ended up parking at the MGM Grand   I didn't know where else to park. I'm sure there are other places to park I just haven't found them yet
4	taking the stair down to this marshalls, smelled like pee and i was pretty worried going in here. Once we got in the place was immaculate, i was quite surprised. They had a large section of high quality reasonably priced items. I found so many items i liked for myself and my husband. There were several people in there buy clothes they forgot to pack, bathing-suit, socks and underwear. Pretty smart place to go in you ask me. I am really surpised with the selction of this palce and the cleaniness.
