4	Much shorter wait time in the front waiting room compared to the main, general spine clinic just around the corner in the medical complex.The best aspect of this surgical facility is the short wait before being sent back for pre-operation surgical procedure.  The wait time is significantly shorter, which is a welcome change.It is also a surgical medical facility, so more standard procedure that is more common in what I assume is the typical surgery centers. But at all times, I felt at ease and in good hands at the care of all the experienced nurses and surgical staff.While waiting, they play movies so you and your ride is as entertained and least bored as possible.4 stars.
5	Great facility for outpatient procedure. The staff was very friendly, the doctors are experienced, and the recovery time was not long at all. I would highly recommend this facility!
1	Worst surgery center I have been to. I waited an hour and never received any new pt forms to fill out. I feel the staff is unprofessional two younger men came up front swearing I'm glad my kids were in the car and did not hear all the F and S words  While another employee was continuing to come to front desk with gloves on which is against Osha
5	Best surgery center I have ever been to! The staff is very caring  and professional. They always go out of their way to make sure you feel at ease. They're great with IVs too so that is a plus. The wait time is much shorter than what it was before as well. Definitely worth the wait, regardless!
5	This is my first trip to an ambulatory surgery center and it was a pleasant surprise.  The staff was friendly, the nurses were extremely helpful/caring, and the physicians made me feel reassured that I would receive the best care possible.Overall, there was some wait but there aren't many places that I don't have to wait, especially for a medical appointment.  The front desk staff kept me updated when I asked about how long it would take.  It took a little longer then I had expected but considering their care to attention, I would much rather wait then be sped through the procedure.
