5	After getting into Vegas around 12:30AM after our flight, we needed to do Thanksgiving shopping.  My boyfriend's parents live in Vegas and we wanted to cook for them.  So, we went to Smith's around 1:30AM to get everything that we needed to for the festivities.  I liked the inside of Smith a lot.  It has a very wide variety and is very well stocked like Safeway/Albertson's, but seems a bit bigger and has more of a personal touch to it, rather than looking very uniform and commercialized like other supermarkets.The workers here are also very friendly, even at 1:30AM.. makes me wonder if the staff is as great during the day.  Anyhow, not being familiar with a supermarket I've never been into, of course I had a lot of questions and had a hard time finding some more specific items.  There was a middle-aged lady working and was working on stocking the shelves.  The first time I asked her for help, she cracked a joke and was very willing to help me out.  Then around the next 5-6 times I couldn't find anything, I went back to ask her and she was always very smiling and willing to help.. Then, the guy at the checkout register was also very friendly.Smith's is cheaper than Albertson's/Safeway I think.  All of our items totalled up to $65 but after simply signing up for a membership card, our total dropped all the way downt o $48.  Boy we were happy.  Usually when you use a memebrship card at a Safeway or Albertson's, you'll be lucky if you save up to $10.
5	Cheapest store in town. (with club card)Staff is very friendly and shelves are always stocked up. Best bang for your buck in Las Vegas.
5	One of my favorite grocery stores! Overall, cheaper prices compared to other grocery chains such as Albertson's, Von's, Whole Foods, especially when you use your club card.The bakery in this Smith's makes the BEST black forest cake I've ever had and one square slice is just $1.50!!!! Can' beat that!Not a lot of grocery chains I've gone to stay open 24/7. So if I have the munchies at 12:00 am or need a missing ingredient by 5:00 am, I can always go to Smith's.The staff is always friendly and helpful.
4	I noticed in the past month that their variety of cake slices have for some reason run scarce. I had been craving a slice of their black forest cake and for some reason...Ack! Gone! Disappeared! My husband finally had to ask one of the bakers why they no longer serve the particular cake I was looking for and we found out that they have a new cake decorator/maker...It was their decision to stop making it. Boo! Filling out several comment cards to bring back my cake!Other than that, we still frequent Smith's. It's still one of the cheaper stores in our area. By the way, they opened up a gas station nearby. You save $0.15 cents per gallon.
4	Great prices and I LOVE the gas discounts!I also love that little Gold envelope that comes every few months with free Smith's $ :)When you add up the price savings in store, the gas discounts, and the quarterly rebate they are waaay cheaper than the other stores.The best thing is the cheapness does NOT affect the quality of goods, the cleanliness of the store, or the attitudes of the staff.They're always fully stocked, clean, and the staff is always super friendly and helpful.Only complaint (why I took off a star)...their bakery seems to be changing some of their recipes. They used to have the BEST cookies, my personal favorite being the pumpkin chocolate chip. They're not even close to what they were a year or 2 ago. Same with their fudge cake. :(
5	this is my neighborhood joint!  it's clean and laid out nicely.  I hate labyrinth like stores, they drive me crazy!  lots of parkingdrive through pharmacy24 hours!!! veggies, fruits, meats, poultry.. all fairly priced.  they got the usual Hispanic and Asian aisles.  wines, dairy, household needs, pet needs, beauty and grooming, bakery, floral... Starbucks!  you can even pay utility bills here.  you can even have a cup of coffee while you sit in the chilling seating area, sort your bills out, pay them, read a book, and then go grocery shopping.  usually the employees are friendly.  The only unfortunate encounter i've had was with a beast of a chick who had a little bit of a staring problem that bothered me.  it was real rude. anyway, she's a beast. club card! what I wouldn't save w/out it.it's helped shave a lot off gas prices!  who doesn't like to save on gas!they also have a coinstar and two red boxes located inside.
4	Selection at this grocery store is excellent, but prices are very high. The store is clean and well-staffed. There is good Deli counter, fresh seafood, typical sushi offering, good selection of fresh fruits and vegetables...and a Starbucks located inside the store and a gas station offering prices similar to other outlets (the only reason this store gets four stars is the Starbucks and Gas Station).However, prices are really too high to be sustainable. I expect to rate this grocery store down in the future if prices do not accurately reflect economic conditions in the Las Vegas valley.
4	one word:  sushi....  If you are craving for sushi and don't want to sit at a restaurant, go to the sushi section in the deli area.  They have a great variety and it's fresh and cheap!This is our neighborhood grocery store and it has not disappointed us.  From the wine selection, health food section, club card for savings on the gas to the friendly employees, Smiths is the best!One thing they are missing is Silk Soy Yogurt - vanilla flavor, please.
3	Boo hoo! Gas prices are lower at the independent gas station across the street. Even with the special ten cent per gallon Smith's reward card price, the gas station across the street that does smogs and car washes was STILL cheaper. WTF? And food, beer, and wine prices are just way too expensive by comparison. Smith's is Kroger Foods, as is Food4Less. Get it? It's Food4Less quality with marketing. What's the difference between the quality of food at Food4Less and Smith's? Nothing. You get prepackaged sushi and a seafood counter and fried chicken at Smith's ... that's it. If prices do not accurately reflect the Las Vegas economy at this Smith's store, my rating will decrease.
4	This Smith's is clean and comfortable. It's where I do all my shopping. Rarely is it crowded and employees are all very friendly. Produce is fresh and everything is well organized. I like Smith's for its manager specials and the prices (which I perceive to be cheaper than other grocers). I take a star off because sometimes I have to wait in long checkout lines, but that'll happen to you anywhere.
5	I've never actually shopped in the store but there gas is always the cheapest in the SW!
5	Always clean without the riff raff.  I love how they have hand sanitizers at the door to wipe your hands and cart. Great staff that is always helpful and the fruit and meat are always fresh. Two thumbs up!!
4	I am upgrading my rating of this Smith's to 4-stars, but only 4-stars, for these reasons:Pluses:Gas prices are more competitive with Smith's Rewards in which you qualify for a discount off gasoline when you spend a signficant amount of money in the grocery store on a regular basis.Food prices are stable. Sales on most everything eventually makes it all even out. Fresh meat and seafood prices are almost (but not quite) reasonable. I like the organic, frou-frou, all-natural section and the expensive bacteria-magnate olive bar.I have begun to appreciate the people that work at this Smith's more and more. Sure, you have some not-so-wonderful folks, but it's like that everywhere. What counts is that you have a few really-more-than-wonderful folks, and I know a few like that at this Smith's. With the exception of the pharmacy...Minuses:The pharmacy is fair in my opinion. I am certain these two pharmacists are working hard, but I was THE ONLY CUSTOMER THERE...and they broke for lunch for a half hour and STILL took about two hours more to fill my presecription. It is hard for me not to be dissatisfied with a pharmacy that takes TWO HOURS to fill a prescription of 21 pills of Amoxycillen and 21 pills of Ibuprofin 800 mg. That's 42 pills, of the most common generic drugs available in the world, and it took them on average over THREE MINUTES PER PILL to put into a bag and present them to me. *sigh*. I'm sitting there WRITHING IN PAIN from a sinus infection, taking my blood pressure on the blood pressure machine (135/100!!! because of the pain!!!) and it takes these TWO PHARMACISTS over THREE MINUTES PER PILL. We're not talking about Hydrocodone, Cocaine, or Heroine here...a generic penicillen and asperin substitute!!! *O*M*G*!!! THREE MINUTES PER PILL!!!! And, for the record Mr. Pharmacist, just thanking me for my patience isn't enough...THERE IS NO EXCUSE FOR TAKING SO LONG TO FILL SUCH A SIMPLE PRESCRIPTION, MAN! COME ON! Something tells me these Occupy Las Vegas people are protesting the wrong establishments! THREE MINUTES PER PILL?!! A word of advice to fellow Yelpers...whenever you go to the pharmacy and hand over your prescription(s), take the time to look the pharmacist in the face and ask how long it will actually take to fill YOUR prescription, and if it's more than 20 minutes, go to another pharmacy...that specific pharmacy obviously doesn't need your business. Then post a Yelp review detailing your entire experience so we can all benefit from it.Alcohol prices: I just stopped buying alcohol altogether at this Smith's. WAY too expensive.Bread (or some semblance thereof). Please, can you BORROW some bakery knowledge from someone? The bagels remind me of cookies. "Loaves" of bread are so devoid of size. I mean (*((tiny))*). Pop Quiz: who appreciates a short loaf in their mouth?! Deli: Dear Deli Manager, please find a new supplier for your deli meats because you are being WAY OVERCHARGED. It is more expensive to buy deli meats at this Smith's than it is to go to a sandwich shop and eat for the same number of sandwiches (plus you get bread, cheese, condiments, AND chips and a drink).Ok, with all that, I recognize to manage a grocery store profitably and equitably to the employees and retirees benefit takes skill and aggressiveness. So, Yay, I'm A Fan. Sort of. All I know is the FIRST thing I am going to do when I need a job is apply at Smith's!
4	First off I love SMITH'S, the prices are low with a great selection of Organics. This Smith's location is actually the closes to where I live. I purposely drive out of my way passing by the Von's that 2 minutes away from my home just to go to a Smith's. My experience on 1/29/2012 was pretty great. I'm a late night grocery shopper because I love how less busy and loud they are. Ever notice when you go during the daytime the lines are long, babies are crying, people everywhere. I just like to avoid the hassle. The only reason this Smith's didn't get a full 5 stars is because I love banana's & they were all out. Bad timing I guess so I ended up buying Organic banana's which I didn't mind. Also I love this smiths because of their member's gas station. Did you know when ever you shop at smith's with a members card. You can use your members card to pay for gas at a cheaper price? After I went grocery shopping I got gas with .20 Cent's off per gallon great deal!!!
3	Really? A can of vegetables on sale for a dollar? Beer prices even on sale is more than buying at 7-Eleven, everything is much more expensive this week. There seems to be a gouging going on store wide.Just because you have a Starbucks in the produce section and a Shell in the parking lot doesn't mean you are shopping in Beverly Hills. Is it any wonder on average one out of six customers (witnessed with my own eyes) pay for food with Food Stamps? Gouging, pure and simple. The pricing is not reflective of the prevailing economic conditions.
5	I love this Smiths.... I shop there every week. Staff members are very friendly and the store is kept very clean. If you want a specific item, you can ask and they will bring them in. I requested basil in the squeeze container as I used to buy at the Smiths in Summerlin and the produce manager brought it in for me. They made a repeat customer out of me.
4	This is my default grocery store.  My absolute favorite part of shopping here is when at check-out, the store manager opens up registers to accommodate customers to minimize the wait time.  I so appreciate that attention to the customer experience.The produce selection is varied, fresh, and reasonably priced.  All your food staples are really fresh actually, your eggs, milks, breads.  I've recently given up cow's milk and I appreciate that I can find almond milk readily.  The demographic of this store reflects the neighborhood in which it's in, and I've never had a crazy-person experience here like at other grocery stores in the city.  I really appreciate that I can come here past midnight (it's open 24 hours) because I absolutely must have this ingredient for something I'm baking or cooking (it's happened before and I'm sure it'll happen again) and I'm not concerned for my safety.Oh and big yay to the store card program for giving you the options for coupons or gas savings.
4	This is my go-to grocery store. I love how they are 24/7! Plus, with a Smith's card, I get some good discounts.
4	Sushi Review for Smith'sI am not one to usually like sushi from the grocery store. Pre-made, the rice is usually cold and hard etc so it doesn't suit me very well. However I have found it increasingly harder to find a place that could just make me a decent spicy crab roll and I haven't seen the imitation crab meat that we use to love to make our own rolls with... so we were in Smith's the other day to get something else and came by the sushi case and I guess I was really really hankering for spicy crab and so we thought we would try that and a couple of other rolls there. They were actually really good, nice and spicy and not too bad for pre-made. They have a good selection of stuff as well and they make some of them with brown rice as well. The Spicy Dragon and the Spicy Crunch were our additions to my spicy crab and we would definitely try it again when the hankering overcomes us while shopping there at Smith's :-)
4	The Smith's in our neighborhood. We don't go here often enough. The prices are better than most grocery stores in town, especially if you have a Smith's card. If you shop there often enough you can get gas at a discounted price as well.The staff in the deli are very friendly, always willing to give you a sample.Shelves are always stocked. Store is clean. There's never a long line at check out.
5	I love this Smiths. I've shopped here many, many times, the store lay out is great and very convenient and there's ALWAYS plenty of 10 for $10 deals, a Smiths staple. The bread, condiments, canned foods, etc are located pretty direct to where the entrance is, same for the current best deals, the Starbucks mini cafe, and the vegetables and such. Very convenient for when you need to run in, grab something, and then run back home to food cooking. They have all the "health foods" and organic stuff in it's own section right next to the bakery/deli and the alcohol section which is also on the side of the store closest to the door. Again, super convenient.This smith's location also happens to be one where you can bag your own granola, flax seeds, cranberries, etc. This is a section that I have yet to see at any Smiths store or grocery store other than Whole Foods. They also have City Life placed by the exit, a favorite of mine which I definitely prefer picking up on a grocery store trip rather than going inside a gas station. And speaking of gas stations, this location has a Smiths gas station out in the parking lot with plenty of pumps. So you can go shop, win big on the deals, and then go out and cash in your Smiths points at the pump. One time when I came to fill up they took a dollar off the price per gallon because I had so many points on my card.I also remember coming in late one night and a crew was actually filming at one of the registers with the whole lights set up and everything.Seriously, this grocery store is very cool! I've never really felt excited about going to a grocery store but this one makes my life so much easier than I would expect it to!
5	I get shamed by my GF for shopping here; she believes you can get just as good products cheaper from other stores. I reply by saying you may find one or two items cheaper elsewhere but when you add in all the other items shopping at those discount stores include you end up spending way more.  Besides where else can you grocery shop and earn money for gas savings? I love this Smiths mostly because its near my home and has a Fuel Station on site and saves me from traveling elsewhere to buy gas (make sure you get a Smiths Discount card) but I digress; the staff here always has a smile on their faces; they see you walking up and down the aisles and say hi and ask if you need help finding things. (they recently moved all their shelves and product locations so it is very convenient right now) The butcher is top notch and I love buying my meat here and still do when I'm staying on this side of town (y GF lives near a real butcher shop and I go there now but these guys for being inside a grocery store chain are superb! Keep up the great work!
5	I love this location! its by far the most beautiful and well put together smiths ive ever been to. With a few isles of gluten free/vegan/vegetarian items it makes shopping with a gluten allergy really easy. And the employees here are always very helpful and nice. They also have a really great wine/alcohol selection! Easy accesible this is where I do most of my shopping apart from Trader Joes and Whole Foods. Kudos to this location!
5	This is the best Smiths yet. I loveee this place!! They have a lot of choices for Vegetarian food and the prices are amazing!! And all the rewards and points really add up quickly and go straight for gas i loves it!!!
4	I've been to this Smith's almost every week for the past 2 years. My review is based on my experiences for past 6 months.Every time I explore out and go to Albertson's either on Rainbow /Warm Springs or Blue Diamond/Decatur - I regret it and so does my wallet.I'm a fan of this location out of convenience but also mainly because of their check-out procedures. A manager or supervisor stands by the check-out area, and they either direct you to the best checkout line OR (even better) they open a lane up just for you. The wait to be checked out is always very very quick. I'm also a fan of the fact that when I shop anywhere else (particularly - ALBERTSONS) I always end up paying more... A LOT more. a WHOLE lot more. I'm not a coupon person but I do take a moment or too and compare brands and prices. While I must admit that Albertson's does have better "generic" or home brand items (i.e. pizza, ice cream, and what not), Smith's always seems to have better deals.The staff is always friendly. Their bagboys are the sweetest... The produce people will always help you find something (like when you are looking for shallots and have no idea what a shallot is or what it looks like). Every sunday I've been there, they have some kind of alcohol samples (never knew there was such a thing)...My only gripe (and it's a big one) is - it's always crowded...and I swear their aisle space is lackng. It is so irritating to try to make it from one end to another. I feel like they need to expand or something because the grocery store traffic jam has made me say, "forget  (insert grocery item), let's just get OUT of here".  I tried to change our normal shopping time to the early morning.... and that did not help. For obvious reasons they stock up during off-peak times. So instead of other shoppers getting in the way, it's crates and stockboys you're fighting off. With construction on the apartment complex across the street, I agree with another yelper that said once that's complete - it's only going to get worse.So, until then, we'll put up with the constant crowding just to save some $$$ but I will be the first to admit that if it gets any worse, it may be worth it to try Albertsons again with coupons....
5	I absolutely love Smiths and this my favorite location. The staff is super friendly and helpful. Everytime I shop there,  they are always smiling and asking how I am. The prices are awesome and if you sign up for their club card,  you'll receive customized coupons in the mail *Plus* by using your card, you earn points which you can use towards gas or money off coupon.  Another thing I love is their healthfood section, they have a pretty big section of vegan, vegetarian,  and gluten free products.  This store also carries specialty products like pink Himalayan salt, which is great if you like to try new things.     Lastly, this location is big in keeping the lines at the register short. They constantly open new aisles to get you through quickly!  Great prices, awesome variety,  friendly staff, and discounts in gas!!
2	The story is short: I'm downgrading on price and quality, panhandlers and skateboarders.The story is long: Why would you continue to shop at this grocery store? Is it the convenient location? Is it the brand loyalty you have to the Food4Less/Smith's/Kroger/Safeway brand? Is it that you support union businesses? Is it that you like spending more money for the same goods you can find elsewhere? Do you like the people that work here? These are all probably the very same reasons throngs and throngs of people like shopping at this Smith's. And there is going to be nothing but more and more people the more apartments get filled in the surrounding area. And this grocery story will charge more and more money for the same goods.What I do like about this Smith's:*) People. Union? Yes. Not a good thing, in my opinion, but they are no different than anyone else, they just trying to feed their families, pay for their healthcare and childcare, and retire comfortably. The people working at this Smith's are some pretty decent folks. Sure, the carts strewn about the parking lot are more the fault of the lazy shopper than the hungover kids hired to rustle them up. Sure, I've seen the same faces year after year at this Smith's, price increase after price increase. Does that mean they are bad people? No! It means they enjoy their job and are paid well so they stay. These are good people.*) Convenience. Very close to my home, and also very close to 6000 other people living in the nearby apartment mega-complexes surrounding this Smith's. So I'm not the only one that thinks this location is convenient. My favorite dry cleaner is in the same shopping center, as is Jack in the Box. In store Starbucks and US Bank. Smith's-operated Shell gasoline station.What I do NOT like about this Smith's:*) Price of coffee. Cost Plus World Market has better quality for cheaper price.*) Price of gasoline. AM/PM (Chevron) and any of a dozen other gasoline outlets within 2 miles of this Smith's has better quality for cheaper price.*) Produce. Glazier's Market a mile and a half away has better quality for cheaper price.*) Deli meats and cheeses. WAY too expensive.*) Price of alcohol. Any of three other supermarkets and any of three liquor stores have better selection for cheaper price.*) Pharmacy slow. 2 out of 3 times I had to wait over two hours. In one case, I waited for three hours (while they CLOSED FOR LUNCH WHILE I WAS STANDING THERE WAITING). 20 pills required 3 hours to fill. THREE HOURS FOR TWENTY PILLS. Tom the pharmacist and all the other staff are good people, but .,... 3 HOURS FOR 20 PILLS?!!!*) Dairy WAY too expensive. What are these cows...KOBE BEEF?!! *) Canned goods WAY too expensive. $1 for a can of store-brand vegetables ... the same can that 5 years ago was $0,25.... really, who do you think you're kidding here with these prices?*) Bakery poor and expensive. There are two independent bakers within a mile of this store, all baking better baked goods like bread, cakes, pies, and cookies than these pretenders are trying to do, and they are much cheaper.I'm very sorry for the tone of this review, and I truly wish the employees of this Smith's all the best and I know they will be very happy to service their burgeoning customer base as it expands ever increasingly. Just I will not be among them, as I vote with my dollars and my feet. So... C'YA! Last month I spent $10 in this store...and it was all at Starbucks.And finally, if I have to complain one more time about the panhandler kids in uniforms standing outside your stores masquerading as Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts with their sad-sack parents being poor role models hawking dubious fat pills and coupon books, I think I'll scream. And the skateboarders are driving me nuts, skateboarding RIGHT IN FRONT OF THE SIGN that says "NO SKATEBOARDING". Really, management, what are you doing here? I have decided, that was the last straw. Management, pay attention.
4	This is my favorite go-to grocery store in town. It's clean, neat and the employees are friendly. They have a store policy that if there's more than a couple of people in line at a register, they will open a new lane. I LOVE that and it means I can get in and out quickly no matter what time of day I shop. The produce, meat and seafood is always fresh and they have great deals. Their deli counter features Boar's Head meats, the best!Make sure you sign up for their free rewards card so you can get all the great deals in the store (you can even download free digital coupons on their website that link to your card), and every time you shop you earn points that give you a discount off gas at their adjacent station. Bring your own reuseable bags and you'll earn 5 extra points per bag!
3	Produce was not fresh, gnats... I hate gnats in a grocery store.They had some of what I was looking for, they do have a rewards card and gas saving offers, they do have self checkout, but really... it was like shopping at Walmart. I just moved, so perhaps i'll give the Anthem store a try.
3	Closest to home so it's a no-brainer especially with the gas discounts. What I really like about them is their huge selection of cheese, not comparable to whole foods but WAY better than albertsons. The best part is they have mini cheese samplers for about $1 which is great.Now for the negatives. I was there past 9 this morning and some of the fruits had still not been stocked (berries and avocados). The staff told me he was in the process of doing it so I did the rest of my shopping before heading back to the fruits and veggies aisle. I couldn't find any candied walnuts or pecans so I bought the regular as I can easily do them at home. But on check out I'm used to Albertsons staff always asking "you find everything you needed today?" No such greeting from Smith's staff. Surprisingly there was no greeting at all. I asked her myself if they carried candied walnuts and all she said was "I dont remember seeing them". I will continue going to Smith's for the 3 reasons mentioned: closest to home, cheese selection and gas discounts.
2	This smiths is a 2 1/2. They have a small parking lot that is always hard to find parking and if you do find a spot it is more likely to be a cart return spot. Every time I come here its busy. Takes forever to check out but the staff is nice and  they try to get you out of there fast!
5	Just moved into town from CA.  Smiths here is the Ralph's of Cali.  But oh my, I absolutely love this store and love the Smiths iPhone app.  I get to save money on my groceries and then I get to save up to a $1 per gallon depending on how many points I accumulate the prior month.Best grocery store here in Vegas and thankfully, it is the closest one to my home.
5	Very good prices and open 24hours!  Awesome gas prices too!
4	We never really shop at Smith's but since moving in July we're there everyday. Clean, worker's are nice and I love that we save $ towards gas!
1	Alright. I love Smith's and the Kroger brand but I'm done shopping at this location. I've come here about once a week for the past four years spending approx $100 per visit. Service used to be great and that's why I made this store my home base. The past 5 visits, I've had to bag my own groceries. I know it sounds petty, but when I'm consistently dumping hundreds of dollars on grocery trips, I expect my order to be bagged. Sometimes when I am bagging my stuff, there are employees standing around watching me- why?Another issue I've had recently is with the meat selection. I prefer buying organic or hormone-free chicken breasts. This location used to have a decent selection, but my recent visits there has been nothing. On top of that, there weren't even normal, Frankenstein chicken breasts. Nada. One visit I asked the butcher what was up. He simply said they were out of everything. Ok. I will find somewhere else to shop but I will miss my Smith's gas rewards. Maybe this location will step it up in the future and I'll return.
4	I come here for their fried chicken. It is surprisingly good and inexpensive better than Churches also the crab cakes.xoxox
4	Stopped in here on Sunday  morning after the Thai food fair at the Chaiya Meditation Monastery...the last Smiths we went to didn't have frozen Tilapia, and we needed to pick some up.This location is a lot cleaner, and much more organized than some other locations that I've been to.  Their seafood selection is wonderful, and everything looked fresh.The produce looked great, and they were fully stocked, too, which is unusual for me to see.If this location was closer, I would go there all the time.
5	I cannot say enough good things about Smith's! Plenty of savings to be found throughout the store. Also, everyone that works within Smith's is beyond friendly. If there's ever a line, they try and keep everything to a very minimal wait and keep as many lanes as they can open.
1	Nice and clean place for employees,  but customers especially they are WIC people.  I tried to WIC there but had a horrible hard time with young tall white woman cashier. Her name is L .K who was really unkind and rude to me because of WIC. I was truly humiliated and embraced.
5	This is easily my favourite Smith's store. Everyone is helpful and easy going - from the cashiers to the baggers! The checkouts are made fast and friendly too. Good selection of organic and vegan products which my vegetarian husband and I appreciate. Store Manager David recently went the extra mile to make my holiday shopping a breeze by also making quick refunds on items I grabbed by mistake when I mixed brands unknowingly.
