3	I've heard good things: http://en.maplaza.ca/adresse_des_comerces-rep-addr
4	Usaully I stay away from Plaza St Hubert because of the hassle and expense of parking around there but mid week on Wednesday the 4 bof July I went to their side walk sale I figure I'd be ok and yes I was! found free 60min parking which was suffient.Alot of decent bargains but didn't really spend, I did get a great deal on Cologne(Versus(Versace) - Blue Jeans) for $20.00 + taxes...The Bay carries and sells for 49.00 +taxes and a local Parfumerie sells at $39.00 + taxes, so it was very cool. Forgot to add that business(gift store) to Yelp, next time.Only go back under the same circumstances though.
4	This is a partially covered street that feels like a movie from the 60s in a weird way. The half arches that stretch over the sidewalk are clear plastic and cast a strange light whether the sun shines through them or they are covered in snow. It's predominantly crammed with prom and wedding dresses of the $49.99 variety, plus some big second hand stores, and super inexpensive shoes and tops. And there are hidden nuggets of gold - CFC (formerly Zoobizarre) for late night cavernous dancing; Delices du Terroir for local beers and cheeses and yumminess, Oscars, some great coffee and smoked meat, Plaza St Hubert for cool live shows - lots to love if you take the time and keep an open mind.
4	Just wanted to add that when its street festival season here in Montreal, which happens when the stores need to make way for and then clear out the summer stock, ie Mid June and Mid August, this street is one of the weirdest. But also awesome. When a street of discounts goes on sale you know you're in for a heady mix of deals and treasures. I got some leather converse today at Neon on St Hubert for $40 down from $120, just to give you an idea, and the Vie en Rose had some sweet deals as well. Bonus if you can kick back with a local beer on the terrasse at Vestiare!
4	C'est dure de donner une note objective car j 'habite a cote de la plaza depuis longtemps et on s'habitue a la Plaza St-Hubert. On prend le meilleur et on laisse les magasins weird de cote! Ce que j'aime, il y a de tout, pas cher et on marche dehors a l'abris de la pluie! En plus, il y a quelques bons restos et bars a ne pas manquer.
