4	The Blue Blazer is quite a traditional pub that is situated near the strip clubs of the West Port. However, despite its proximity to the sleaze of this area it manages to retain an air of civility and is generally a nice place to drink. The bar is very beautiful (wooden and old fashioned) and stocks a wide choice of whisky and real ales. This pub's speciality is rum though, and if you fancy trying one from their large selection ask the bar man's advice and he'll point you in the right direction. The prices here are not particularly cheap, but this manages to keep the students over the road in The Chanter (every cloud has a silver lining...). If you're looking for a nice traditional pub to drop into after a show at the Lyceum or Usher Hall, the Blue Blazer is perfectly located.
2	I wasnt hopeful about the Blue Blazer - the area it resides in is a bit dodgy and to be frank, I would have preffered to go accross the road to the Chanter (despite rather disliking the Chanter).I am pleased to say however, I was pleasently surprised by the Blue Blazer - it was about as far from what I was expecting it to be without going for the bright pink walls and flourecent furniture. A traditionally styled pub - wood, leather, more wood etc the Blue Blazer is a rather nice place for a swift pint or one of the bars speciality rums. Cozy and relaxing even, the type of place you could imagine your Grandfather chilling.That is however, where the compliments end.The staff were rude beyond belief - one of them refusing to serve me despite my producing a drivers licence AND passport as ID. The other staff were no better, bearly hiding the fact they couldnt be bothered serving me.Its a shame really, the Blue Blazer itself is a nice pub - but the staff truely let it down.
4	The name of the Blue Blazer makes me think of public schoolboys in the 50s. I thought it would be a bit stuffy, but it was a fairly nice place to get a pint in the middle of the day.The decor is old and brooding - all teak, mahogany and leather bound seats. There are so many bars like this in Edinburgh (perhaps too many?) but what makes the Blue Blazer stand out from the crowd is the immense selection of booze bottles sitting in every corner. If I wasn't impressed enough at the amount of bottles lined up in the window, I knew I had to go in when their sign outside boasted of them housing an abundance of rum. I love rum, so I was well catered for in here.It's a bit of a cross between old man pub and a bar trying to appeal to a younger audience. During the day it was friendly and relaxed enough. I couldn't tell you what it was like during the evening but certainly, my overall impression of this place was that it was a nice afternoon pit stop en route to the castle or Grassmarket.
4	I like this place. You could compare it to the bigger and brighter. Or the more elaborate woody ones (lots of those in Edinburgh). My main point is - does this pub do, what it tries to do, well?Yes, it does. It serves cask conditioned ales in a nice little setting. Gets cramped on occasion - so it is popular. Listen if you want bad pubs in Edinburgh? I will take you to some places that you have you afterwards in a shower scrubbing like a sewage worker after a blow out. Edinburgh can get bad. One word - Rutherford - You don't want details. Blue Blazer is not that. It has a reasonable whisky selection and pleasant bar staff. Maybe it is not filled with your friends. But they are someone's friends. So Be Nice.
4	A great pub ... but at its best when not too busy.Sells some really nice beers.  My favourite visit was at lunch time on Year's Eve when only me and my friend were in there.  We stayed for three pints as a pre-New Year celebration and then went our separate ways to spend New Year with our respective friends and families.
4	The Blue Blazer is a lovely little bar with a good range of real ales and a huge selection of bourbons - the most I've seen in Edinburgh. Staff are very quick to serve, and very pleasant. There's a little back room where they have live folk music regularly. The main room has a cosy fire, which is lovely in the winter. It can get very busy in the evenings, though it has a great atmosphere regardless. It's very nice on a weekday afternoon, when it's usually quiet.
4	Nestled beneath the castle, halfway between Lothian Rd and the Grassmarket, this excellent traditional pub is always my number one choice when I'm in that part of town. When your other choices are Lothian Rd drinking barns or strip clubs and you don't want to walk further to get to a decent boozer, this is a life saver. In fact, that's unfair. I even go out of my way to come here as I really like the atmosphere.At least five real ales on the go, with Tradewinds always offered as a standby, alongside the usual booze options. Nice wooden interior, just the right side of scruffy, with a lively mix of punters of all ages, from your old school real ale or whisky drinker to young people after work or on a night out. It can get very busy after work but generally thins out a bit later as people move on in search of other diversion.The main room has two doors which helps when it's busy, and the back room offers extra space although you can sometimes get trapped in there and suddenly find it's a long way to the bar. But it makes it cosy and convivial on a cold winter night. Toilets are downstairs and are a bit shabby but then this is a traditional boozer so you can't hold that against it. Always has good toilet graffiti too, which helps. From the witty to the poignant. I found two of my favourites in here: From the plaintiveness of "I'm waiting for my life to begin" to the perfectly phrased "The joke is in your hand."Maybe that confirms (or not, depending on your view!) what I said about the character of this place. Just the right combination of scruffy, lively, comfortable and cosy.
4	The Blue Blazer is the best sort of traditional pub, one where there is an excellent selection of drinks and bar staff who know about them. There is a fine selection of real ale, various qualities of lager (often served in a glass fresh from the freezer) and a great selection of spirits.For whisky, bourbon, gin or vodka you will get a good level of choice and then there is the rum... Oh my, there are around 70 different rums and having sampled a few I haven't found one I didn't like.You make your own atmosphere and it can sometimes be busy but if you enjoy a decent drink in a good bar give the Blue Blazer a shot.
4	I really want to give the Blue Blazer five stars, but it didn't serve food.  That's its only fault though!  This is an amazingly comfortable pub, with great beer and friendly staff and patrons.  Friends and I went for lunch, discovered that they had no food, but were so impressed with the atmosphere and the friendliness of the staff and patrons that we knew we'd be back later, returning for a 'happy hour' that lasted far more than that.  To me, this is what a 'local' should be . . . although at least minimal food could be useful.
4	I do like the Blazer, I do. This was almost a three, and I did swither over the star section for a while, but I've had so much good banter here that there must be something about it that encourages good times and merriment, so at a four it will stay. The "something about it" is probably the fact it sells alcohol at relatively inexpensive prices which is always going to put a smile on my face, but we can pretend it's something altogether different.It's got that all-important "character" malarkey that people look for in a proper, old pub...it's seen some things, it could tell some tales. I actually think there's some interesting history to it, but I'm not in the know, so I won't attempt to blether on about that aspect. I suppose I pondered giving it a three because I don't ever feel that I'm 100% comfy lounging about in the wooden seating (nothing wrong with wooden seating, mind), but d'you know what, I can do my pampered pub reclining elsewhere...this is a pub for getting down to no nonsense drinking business. The very decent elements of the Blue Blazer are that it serves up quality rum, ales and whiskies, and you get a good mix of people, from students to regulars to anyone just passing to tourists, and that's quite refreshing and just a bit more interesting, as a ton of pubs in Edinburgh struggle to achieve that happy brew of clientele.
4	I ended up at the Blue Blazer due to the recommendation of a co-worker and a cabby. The last night I was in Edinburgh I visited this establishment, despite staying at the hotel just down the road. When I walked in I knew I had entered a hidden gem. This pub is exactly what I envision when I think of a Scottish bar. There isn't a lot of room, and the furniture is well worn, but the brews are cold and the scotch is stocked. Great establishment with friendly clientele.
4	This is a small place, and it is always packed when I walk by. I met some friends after work; their work, my classes. The bartenders were friendly and flirty, which is always fun. Some patrons were chatty, again, fun. The crowd was mostly twenties-thirties, but with a laid back air. Nothing fancy here. Which was fine. It was just too crowded on a Wednesday at 8pm. I was spilled on, shoved a bit, not really a relaxing drinking experience. But if I walk by sometime, and it's not packed, I'd stop in. Cool people hang here.
