5	First off, let me say that the building housing The Heinz History Center is awesome. It's located in The Strip District in an old ice warehouse for The Chautauqua Lake Ice Company, which is over 100 years old. The building is wonderfully renovated. The museum is affiliated with the Smithsonian Institute and is the largest history center in Pennsylvania. From your first step in the front door, you are treated to a replica of and old fire engine, a trolley car and a lighted Isley's chipped ham sign. Nice. In keeping with the loves of many Western Pennsylvanians, you can, of course, expect to find homage paid to Sports. There is a huge collection of sports artifacts including uniforms, trophies, autographs, score cards, ticket stubs, national champions, regional sports and more. There are displays and information covering the Immaculate Reception, Mario, Bill Mazeroski, Arnie Palmer, even Suzie McConnell. The interactive exhibits are a lot of fun, however, my football throw couldn't hit the side of a barn. But I am happy to report, my bbf was right on with his throws and looked great doing so!  Almost as cute are John Elway!  I also enjoyed listening to an old radio recording of Robert Clemente. And I got to watch Three Rivers Stadium demo'ed all over, again!!  And again!!  No wonder these PA people are so sports crazy!! Some of the new exhibits include "Pittsburgh at 250" and "Slavery in Pittsburgh in the 18th and 19 Centuries". We really enjoyed learning about the Rooney's following along the Lewis and Clark trail. Fun stuff. We also enjoyed "The Tradition of Innovation" displays which included a scale model of the Monongahela Bridge and "The History of Heinz", (we are talking about ketchup now). We went for the better part of 1/2 day, which is not enough time to view all that this amazing museum has to offer.
4	We definitely spent a lot of time here on a cold day and had a great experience. There's so much to do, and so many shifting themes from one room to the next, it's like visiting several different museums in one building. As goofy as it sounds, the section on the Heinz company and its ketchup (et al) was among the best parts of the whole thing. I personally also liked the trolley that was on the first floor. Full-grown adults (with no children in tow) having a fun, educational, somewhat silly time - the photos we have all show us with very big smiles.
5	This is one of those places I can't believe I haven't been to in awhile.  To say nothing of writing a review on.  So last weekend Aunt Susan and Uncle Rick decided to take our niece and nephew here for an afternoon of history and culture.  They're at that age now when they can appreciate this sort of thing.But anyway this has to be one of the best museums I've ever been to.  It's a branch of the Smithsonian and it's located in what was an old ice warehouse.  We were impressed by the main entrance, including the Pittsburgh streetcar, which I remember used to run on the Drake Line (and my railfan husband really enjoyed).Being that we had the kids with us, we tried to keep it to just a couple of hours and to see the exhibits they would enjoy most.  So we went up to the "Pittsburgh: A Tradition of Innovation" exhibit.  They really enjoyed the "America's First Superhighway," in which you can take a virtual ride down the Pennsylvania Turnpike in an old Jeep.  I personally liked the "Crawford Grill, which features influential jazz by George Benson, Billy Strayhorn, Stanley Turrentine, and Mary Lou Williams.We also liked the Sports Museum part, which celebrates luminaries like Bill Mazeroski, Roberto Clemente, and the greatest hockey player ever, Mario Lemiuex (with all due respects to Wayne Gretzky).  We also enjoyed "Behind the Scenes with the Pittsburgh Steelers", which explores their legendary teams (but if you want to see that, better hurry 'cos it'll be here only until February 10, 2010).  So Pittsburgh has a great history of sports and innovations.   You can see them all here.  I have to return here with my girlfriends and spend the entire day here.
5	We recently had our wedding reception here.  I have nothing but absolutely wonderful things to say about Lorie and Maura.  They were so easy to work with, returned every phone call, and made me feel perfectly at ease.  They even helped me negotiate fees with vendors.  The site is a little pricey, but I feel it is worth every penny.  The fifth floor room is enormous, it has a space for cocktail hour, and a balcony with a beautiful view.  you're also allowed in the museum exhibits for pictures with your photographer.  I try to convince everyone I know who is getting married, even strangers, to have their reception there.
4	My first time visit to this lovely museum....Pittsburgh is so fortunate to have such a cool museum in such an excellent area....so many things to do, I could stay in that area all day long, and have! My sister and I came in from Corapolis to view the "Vatican Splendors" exhibit. It is a funky, industrial, imaginative venue and not what you where you might expect to find an exhibit as say, religious as a traveling exhibit from the Vatican. Each ticket was $20 and it gave you access to all the museum exhibits.I have been fortunate enough to visit Rome and take a detailed tour of it's treasures. Although this is only a taste of what you would find inside, it still gives you a brief look at many items most people might never see. Interestingly enough, some of the items are on loan from churches around the area so not all the items are from the Vatican. It seems that many of the pieces are from the private collections of some Catholic mucky-mucks and as a Catholic myself, I find that hard to swallow...but who ever said that Catholicism was a religion for the people...but that's another story. :oP All heavy coats, big bags and umbrellas are checked as you walk through the first gift shop. The museum is very well laid out, and when you are ready to leave, you exit through the second gift shop :o) There is a nice snack bar and plenty of room for strollers and wheel chairs. When you are done, walk up the street about 4 blocks to the Strip district and have fun exploring. Cheers!ps...You may want to check and see if any school groups are expected that day, we left just three fully loaded schools buses complete w/high schoolers rolled up....whew! We escaped just in time :o)
5	We visited this museum twice, although it's been several years now.  I feel the museum is a "must" when visiting Pittsburgh.  To begin with, the building's interior is really attractive and we love its location near the Strip District.  The permanent collection is quite interesting, and it has lots of neat stuff that provides a sense of the region's history & character.  Also; the gift shop has a great selection, including some terrific books by Brian Butko (the director of publications).
4	The Heinz History Center has been one of my favorite museums in Pittsburgh for the longest time. Aside from all of their awesome exhibits, they hold an annual event called History Uncorked every February. This event has become one of my favorite Pittsburgh parties to attend. It attracts over 500 young professionals and the museum just comes alive. From 6:30pm - 11:00pm, the museum is turned into a huge party. The first floor welcomes you with a full bar, silent auction items, and food tables for sampling. Up on 5, there are more bars, a DJ, dance floor, and lounge couches. This years theme was 'Speakeasy', a throwback to the roaring 20's. My friends and I have gone the past couple of years, and it seems to get better every time we go. I highly recommend visiting this museum, as well as, checking out their History Uncorked event every year (always held in February).
4	Great venue for a wedding (yes, you read that right)! The 5th floor banquet hall had amazing views of the Pittsburgh city skyline, overlooking the river and 16th street bridge, among others.The reception/cocktail hour was on the first floor, among the welcoming exhibits, and if I remember correctly, the trolley car exhibit was a hit with kids and adults alike!
4	If you're visiting Pittsburgh and want to know everything about this city's history, this is where to go. The John Heinz History Center is an A to Z History of the Steel City or City of Champions, take your pick.Every Steeler and Pirates fan will love the Sports area, with old uniforms, bats, balls, helmets, you name it, it's here.The history of Heinz products is always nostalgic, seeing old bottles, cans and products heinz has made for years. Seeing old commercials as well. There are even models of homes here in the city from the 50's with how kitchens, living rooms and bedrooms looked back then.We saw the vatican Treasures back in the winter and it was a beautiful and long tour. There is an old Port Authority street car you can go in and sit on with the original advertising above the windows, that brought back many memories of me growing up. The Islaly's exhibit is another "must see" here at the Heinz History Center.
5	The Heinz History Center is a top notch museum. My wife and I have visited it twice so far and it is always on my must do list when we visit Pittsburgh.  Last time we went we viewed the Vatican Splendors Exhibit, this exhibit only traveled to three museums in the United States. The artifacts from the Vatican were breathtaking and were enhanced by items brought in by the local diocese. The exhibits that are permanently housed at the museum are interactive as well as educational. This is somewhere anyone traveling to Pittsburgh should not miss.
5	During a recent trip to Pittsburgh I had some time to kill before my megabus trip back home. Across the river form our hotel was the Heinz History Museum, which looked like a good place to kill some time. History was my favorite subject in school and I always enjoy a good history museum, which Heinz is. I loved the variety of historical topics this museum covers. It was cool getting to learn more about Pittsburgh and especially of the Heinz company. Even though I'm a Cincinnatian who dislikes most Pittsburgh teams, I really enjoyed the Sports Museum, very well done.
4	This is better then I thought it would be! As a sports fan I was impressed with the Sports part of the museum 2 great floors of information! The rest of the place is well thought out and  you can tell the time they put into it for a great experience for all visitors!
5	I am neither a huge history buff nor a person who has the attention span to read every word on every plaque at a sensory overloading museum.  But I love the Heinz history/sports museum.  Spacious layouts, a thoughtful categorization of exhibits from floor to floor, and a unique visual appeal bring a lot of character to this building.  Don't bypass the sports exhibits just because you're not a Steelers fan.  There are a lot of other athletes and team honored in this space.  But if you do have even an ounce of black and gold in your blood, you'll be sure to get that roar-of-the-crowd chill while walking through the Steelers' displays.
4	During her first visit to Pittsburgh, my sister stated that she had never been to a museum.  Knowing she wasn't artsy or super into history, I decided to take her to the Sports Musuem inside the Heinz History Center.It is a great idea for someone who has never been to a museum before (and is over the age of 15).  For under 15, try the Carnegie Science Center
5	During a recent trip to Pittsburgh, I decided to check out the Heinz History Center which was right down the street from our hotel and I must say I was quite impressed! I'm not really sure why, but even after reading the glowing reviews here on Yelp, I still had my doubts as to how much I would actually enjoy this place. Looking back now, I could kick myself for thinking this place would be anything less than awesome.What is so awesome about this museum you might ask? Well for starters, it is really cheap to get into, costing about $10. Plus, if you are a student, it costs half of this and is only $5, which is simply unbeatable. Secondly, the place is absolutely huge, covering six or seven floors and all aspects of Pittsburgh and Western Pennsylvanian history. Honestly, the prices in the gift shop weren't even all that outrageous, and I ended up buying a shot glass on the way out.My only real complaint about the Heinz History Center is that it is almost too big. You really have to pick and choose what you are going to spend time looking at and reading, or you will be here all day. That should be something any potential visitor should keep in mind. Other than that, the only thing I didn't like about the museum was all the Steelers stuff on the sports level. Being from Cincinnati, I was raised to hate everything black and gold, but hey, I know that for those who live in Pittsburgh, this will not be the case.Wherever you are from, you should check out the Heinz History Center, it is a shining example of what a museum should be.
5	I've been to the History Center on several visits both to see actual exhibits or to attend events that are hosted at the Center.  The building itself is historical by its own merit and they've done a wonderful job at restoring it and adapting it to serve such an awesome set of functions: museum, exhibit space, event space, etc.This is one of those place you have to see to truly appreciate, all of the exhibits I've had the pleasure of seeing have been high-quality.  And their standing ones such as Pittsburgh Sports, modern marvels, and memorabilia are ones that you will never get bored with and learn something new every time.There's is so much to Pittsburgh and its history...so this place is truly special.
5	At $10 per adult, you can't really go wrong here. We spent probably a little over 2 hrs at the museum and felt it was well worth the price of admission. I enjoy American History, and this was no exception.
3	***The gift shop here provides an interesting collection of Pittsburgh novelties including magnets, shirts and a wide variety of Heinz merchandise***Free street parking is available.  There is also a paid lot across the street.
3	I love going to museums and this was a good museum. I feel that there needs to be a little bit more technology and interactive exhibits incorporated into this place. I loved how the museum really educated me about a lot of the little historical things that occurred in and around Pittsburgh. I loved the exhibits about Lewis and Clark but I thought that there was a little bit too much of a focus on Pittsburgh Sports. While Pittsburgh's sporting teams are fun to watch, I'm not sure that they deserve as much credit as this museum gives to contributing to the area of Pittsburgh. I was alittle disappointed that a number of the exhibits were closed of to the public even though that they appeared to not be under any sort of rennovation nor was I informed upon entering as to which exhibits would be closed to the public. Overall a good experience and worth the $10 entry fee.
5	I cannot say how happy I was to be able to take advantage of a Living Social deal for half off a yearly individual membership to the Heinz History Center.  It's a fun place and the exhibits are endlessly entertaining, interesting, relevant and educational. I've been a Pittsburgher all my life and places like the Heinz History Center make me excited and proud to call this city home.  It is also a cool place for not just locals but visitors from out of town as well.  In addition to great exhibits and good times, there are always events going on here (some for members only, making a membership worth the money).  And its location at the edge of the Strip District doesn't hurt, either.I've been to the History Center several times and continue to fall in love.  I may just have to renew my membership next year so I don't miss a thing.
5	My biggest tip for this museum:  Make sure you give yourself enough time.  There are six floors packed with interesting and educational exhibits and each is just as interesting as the next.You wll enjoy this museum even if you are not from Pittsburgh and there really is something for everyone - from the sports fan to kids with short attention spans.  If you have a limited amount of time in the museum, make sure you see Innovators, the Sports Museum and Slavery to Freedom.There is a buy one get one coupon in the Entertainment book and there are often specials on Living Social and Groupon, so check those out before making the trip.  Although it is worth the full price of admission!
4	Spent all my time (3 hours) on just the Hall of Fame traveling exhibit and the Pittsburgh Sports Center.Must return soon with an earlier start!Great layout and displays, with the occasional interactive fun bits. Some of the labels are repetitive or need updating. (For example, if the label refers to 2010 or 12 as the future, then update us!)
5	I am something of a museum buff and do not easily tire from visiting and revisiting the fabulous museums that our city has to offer. And the HHC is no exception.   You'll learn that for over a century the Pittsburgh region had been the center of production for America's glass industry.  My favorite exhibit is the glass exhibit.  There are beautiful  glass pieces of all colors shapes and sizes on display.  It's hard to believe that such delicate and well crafted art was made in the same city that has been labled the steel city/ dirty city.        The site is over 275, 000 square feet and even have full scale historical homes with historical artifacts inside.  In my opinion the HHC is not just for out of towners.  Bonus it's in the Strip Disctict so after you conclude your visit , you can walk around in the Strip and visit Wholey's which is very close by.
3	When you're from Washington, DC and you hear "Smithsonian," you think:1) "This is gonna be awwwwwe-sooooome!" and2) "FREE!"Um.  The Heinz Center certainly isn't free -- 15 bucks per adult.  And it's not as awesome as I'd hoped.Don't get me wrong.  It's a good museum.  The building is beautiful, the layout logical, the artifacts thoughtful.  But when compared to the rest of the Smithsonian family, the Heinz Center just doesn't quite measure up (Except for Air & Space.  I hate Air & Space.).  And I didn't learn as much about the history of Pittsburgh itself as I'd thought I would.  I wanted more about the city's vital and varying neighborhoods, less about its textiles and glass; more about its rises and falls, less about western Pennsylvania's role in colonization; more about its captains of industry, less about the Steelers.If you only have a limited amount of time in Pittsburgh, I'd give the Heinz Center a miss.
4	In the five years that I have been living in PGH I have never been to the History Center. I will say, I wish that I went there sooner! It was very informative and the 1968 exibit was fantastic. I loved making my own record album, writing my own type of social protest, and looking at 1968 unfold before me. I want to go back!
4	This is a compact but interesting museum *affiliated* with the Smithsonian that showcases many Pittsburgh-related items and exhibits. The big one is the Western PA sports museum, which highlights sports throughout the years and ties many of the area's sports icons to the history of the region.There are regularly rotating exhibits, such as the 1968 exhibit, that are always interesting to see. I've been here twice, once for a formal as a student and once last weekend on a visit with family. You could easily spend half a day browsing and learning.Overall, it's an interesting and well laid-out museum that warrants at least one visit if you've got the time. Also, local college students get free admission.
5	I took my Point Park students here for a field trip. It's a great museum for those interested in the history of our city and region. There's a lot of interesting exhibits with tons of artifacts. A great trip for those who just want to learn more about where they are from or want to share some of our area's history with out of town guests.The museum is really big and spans 5 or 6 floors, so when you go, you have a lot of ground to cover if you want to see everything! It's got a little bit of something for everyone, including plenty of children-focused exhibits to keep the little ones entertained.
3	I really enjoyed the Pennsylvania Civil War Exhibit.  Unfortunately I went late in the day and didn't get through the whole museum before close, but I will definitely do that another time.
4	Brought my pops and sister here for a visit while they were in Visiting me from out of town lots explore here definitely enjoyed the pop art floor, 4th floor, and learning about just how much stuff was made here.If you're a fan of random old things you will love it here. There is a Smithsonian civil war history exhibit as well. Which is funny because all they do is make copies of photos and things and slap their name on it as a sponsor. I did enjoy the items in that exhibit though.This is a neat museum I love the old trolley car on the first floor, a little taste of what Pittsburgh was like back when the mills were boomin. Then admission was around 25$ for adults, the museum closes at 5pm, if you're into old things you may need 3+ hours to get through it all. Parking is on the street and is limited.
4	Went to Poptastic last night care of yelp and had a great time. Walking in the place was packed and the music was rockin. I dropped my coat off and headed into the crowed. The first table Bryan and I hit up was Sito's Mediterranean. They had a past salad dish and a chick pea salad dish both were served up in little cups and were quite good. Next stop was DiBellas Old Fashion Submarines I had a slice of turkey sub with everything bread and the bread was so good. Maybe the best everything bread I've ever had. Next we needed drinks I chose a Shiraz which was really yummy. Went to a few other tables and then started heading up to the other floors. Stands outs were Donato's with meatballs, porch with a braised beef dish, and Maggie's farm rum which was dragon breath worthy. Stopped by the yelp table spun the wheel and got some Chapstick to add to my collection bid on a few items in the silent auction and headed to the dance floor. Hung out and laughed as some crazy dance moves and a few more snacks that were being passed around. It was a great time. I would have given it 5 stars but the place was so packed it was crazy. Everyone was bumping into each other. I feel like the tables could have been spread out a little more so people weren't so crowded. Also the art I guess I should mention that. It was very neat. I'm personally not artistically talented so I really appreciate those who are. The three dimensional aspect of it was quite unique. Definitely was a great time.
5	I learned so many things while I was here.  Things such as: Pittsburgh is so much more than meets the eye; who knew that all this happened here?; and that no matter what time you show up at this place, you will never have enough time to go through all the exhibits.We showed up with mixed expectations, not knowing what we would be in store for.  What we were in store for was a whole day of learning, that was fun.  Depending on what you are really into history wise here kind of determines where you should start.  We went against the grain however and did whatever we wanted here and went to whatever exhibit with thought looked interesting to us at the time (what I should really say there is that we didn't follow the arrows posted throughout).My favorite part of this place is the section that takes you through Pittsburgh in eras.  It was quite interesting.  You start from way back when up and past today.  It was awesome to see how Pittsburgh looked throughout the years.  I was intrigued by the Poptastic exhibit too, such vibrant colors, I loved it.We also stopped by the sports part of the museum.  Who knew that bocce ball was such a big thing in Pittsburgh?  I do now.  There are a lot of hands on things to do in this part of the museum as well, such as making your own medal, throwing footballs, computer touchscreens with information on it, and photo op spots.The gift shop here isn't too bad either.  Lots of Pittsburgh centric items to browse through.  They also have a pretty awesome book section.Discounts are available for certain groups upon admissions.  Parking varies as there are many lots around here; however, don't go by their website prices.  We parked in the lot right next door and the price was actually more than what was listed online.  The hours are typical museum hours.Not bad for my 500th review.
5	If you haven't been to the Heinz history center, I urge you to go now! There is truly something for every sort of art, history, or sports lover. I could absolutely lose myself in the special collections which is filed with thousands of items that are so intriguing that you have stop, read about, and admire each and every single one.There is ample room to move throughout most of the museum though it is confusing to navigate at times. Also, there are a lot of child friendly activities along the way so the kiddos don't get bored!Large parking lot across the street and walking distance to the strip!Be sure to stop in the gift shop for all your Pittsburgh centric needs. They've got Andy, Willie, Rosie, and Lincoln. You'll also find pickles and ketchup, pirates, pens and stillers.If you've got friends or family visiting from out of town or need a place to go on your next family night, or date night...whatever the reason, put Heinz on your go-to list!!
3	If you are visiting Pittsburgh or just love Pittsburgh, its history and Pittsburgh sports this is the museum to visit! Located in the Strip District right near downtown with plenty of nearby parking lots. Great for families with kids and people of all ages.  The Western PA sports section is awesome and any spots fan has to visit.  They also have fun events including the +21 event for young professionals, History Uncorked.  This is typically on a Friday evening in February after the museum has closed.  You can sample food from local Pittsburgh restaurants as well as enjoy beer and wine.  They usually have a live band and DJ and the exhibits are open on each floor.  My only complaint about this event is too many tickets are sold.
4	We didn't have much time here as we were just passing through on the way to Philadelphia, but my wife absolutely had to see the ketchup area.   Next time we have more time in Pittsburgh we will definitely be back to see some of the other areas as the ketchup section was interesting and comprehensive.The location is pretty great too as it is right on the edge of the Strip District where there are tons of dining and shopping options.
2	I've lived in PGH for a year now and really don't know a whole lot of history about the region. So going to the Heinz History Center made sense. After passing by billboards for the Pittsburgh's sunken steamboat the Arabia I decided to go. I had been in the great hall of the building, which is super gorgeous, so my hopes were high. I brought my 5 year old on Memorial Day and delighted to find out his admission was free, but mine was 15 bucks. The steamboat exhibit for the Arabia was decent. The kid's areas were boring and my kid was quickly over them. The museum isn't terrible but its seems to have old school exhibit styles in this  modern chic loft space. Some of the exhibits were more modern and well- presented and others were just those corny mannequins with blurbs. Maybe I struggled to find the cohesion in the lay out here. The most interesting part for me was the exhibit on items from Pittsburghs ethnic neighborhoods.2-3 stars.
5	There are six floors.  It is definitely family friendly and something for everyone.  We only got through 3 floors.  There is so much history and things to see. Would recommend a stop here as part of your visit to Pittsburgh, pa
4	I am writing about the History Center as a venue for special events.  I have been to many performances, parties and special events here and the staff is really excellent and helpful.  They have lots of options in terms of space, and they bend over backwards to accommodate your needs.  The kinds of events hosted run the gamut from birthday parties, to weddings to concerts, and all of them are fun with the utmost professionalism.
4	The Heinz History Center is yet another great museum in PGH.  If you're a history buff, an out-of-towner, or new to PGH, I'd strongly suggest visiting.  I've been here three or four times, and although most of the exhibits are permanent, I always have a great time.In terms of exhibits, my favorite is the special collections (5th floor?), which is a hodgepodge of artifacts of historical interest.  No matter who you're perusing with, there's always so much to talk about in this exhibit!  If you go through it methodically, you can easily spend an hour here alone.  The artifacts run the gamut from beds to cars to confessionals to things whose purpose you have no idea of until you read the description.Another favorite exhibit of mine is Pittsburgh through the ages, which allows you to see how the city has changed over the years, and some of the people who've influenced it greatly.  When I came here with my parents, they were very impressed at how versatile PGH is, and how many talented people are from here!  Also, don't forget to stop by the Pittsburghese exhibit located nearby for a laugh.I'm not much of a sports buff, so I don't get as much out of the Western PA sports exhibit as many people do, but it also provides some interesting background about the history of sports in PGH.  Even if you're not very into sports, I'd recommend taking a quick spin through this section unless you're pressed for time.I agree that the layout of the exhibits can be somewhat unintuitive (I've unknowingly skipped exhibits)--I'd recommend starting from the top floor and working down.  This museum is located in the Strip District, which is a great section of PGH for shopping and eating, so when you're finished at the museum, I'd strongly recommend exploring the area.  4.5 stars.
4	We spent a few hours here while visiting the city. We especially enjoyed the Sports Museum and the Heinz exhibit that just opened. We also spent some time in the gift shop, which has unique items and fun gifts. We also appreciated the architecture of the building and how the museum was laid out. Easy to find what you were looking for. I would recommend it to others visiting Pittsburgh.
5	Loved this place. This was the first thing we visited when We got to Pittsburgh. My daughter and I started downstairs and worked our way up. The exhibits were great. She is under the age of 12 and she absolutely loved the questions and other things she filled out in each area. Each room had so much to see from the new and old history. Don't be fooled that it's all about ketchup, there's much more. It had history about football, baseball, hockey, soccer and every sport you can think of. Then the history of Pittsburgh was wonderful to learn about. Oh and the ketchup exhibit was awesome, I had no clue Heinz made other things too.   Mr. Rogers was the best exhibit, it made my day. We spent so much time there, get ready because it will take a couple hours to go through. We would go again, loved it!
5	The Heinz  museum was a very interesting and fun place to visit. I really enjoyed the exhibition on Ariabia, which is a cargo ship that sunk in the 1800's and was found  in 1987. They also had a Heinz exhibit which was really cool all the different products he made starting in 1870 then they had a glass exhibit which I found to be very interesting it takes several hours to walk around the whole museum and there are a lot of really cool things to see they have a sports area that is really cool for all you sports fans.. The museum is geared for children as well as adults there is even a smoothie shop downstairs for afterwards and a little play area
4	Visited this museum today and spent about four hours browsing. We really enjoyed the exhibits, especially the one on Heinz and the Arabia exhibit. We didn't read every placard but we did take in a lot of information. However, in these four hours we didn't have enough time to explore the whole museum. I wish the museum offered longer hours and Better signage directing visitors through certain exhibits. Otherwise, we had a blast and we be back.
