3	For $50 a night, you get a nice queen size bed, a TV with basic cable, a complementary shuttle (that leaves from Econolodge once an hour and comes to get you from the airport at any time), sometimes working Wi-Fi, and a free breakfast (which I did not sample).  There's nothing great about the Econolodge but there's nothing bad about it either except for a musty smell and the feeling that you're in a motel.  It's maybe 5 or 10 minutes from the airport and the shuttle drivers are pretty friendly.  (Red/yellow Fasttrack bus going to Washington.)  You get cheap shampoo/soap/conditioner and you get cheap towels to dry yourself off.  You can choose between smoking and non-smoking rooms and you get a keycard.  Also, if you get scared at night, there's a safety latch that can prevent the door from opening more than an inch.
4	I got a deep discount on the rate down to $38/night. This delightful hotel is near the airport and they have unexpected amenities such as an airport shuttle, heated outdoor pool, and wifi in rooms. The only complaint that I have is that there were not sufficient outlets to plug in all our gadgets. I'm a fan! Next time I'm going to fly instead of drive and will definitely be back because of the shuttle!
1	RUN!!!!! BED BUGS!!!!!!!!!Clerk tried to tell me it was something else.... When I check into a hotel and pull up a blanket to find bugs in the bed... ones that strongly resemble bedbugs... kinda leads me to believe they are bedbugs! Lastly, this hotel, while it does look nice is in the GHETTTTTTTO!
5	I visit Phoenix at least a few times a year and ALWAYS stay at the Econo Lodge Airport.  Every time I've stayed here I have had a positive experience.  Rooms are always clean and comfortable.  Their outdoor heated pool was great to have especially for my November visits.  The CA King size beds are great!  I have gotten exceptional service from the staff with suggestions for hiking, restaurants and shopping.  I'd say it exceeded what I paid for.
4	I stayed one night at the start of my vacation, parked my car for 12 days and stayed one night when I returned from my vacation. Wonderful experience, good rates,clean room, very quiet . The shuttle was quick and on time. Would stay their again .
4	We were pressed to find a spot near the hotel and it was all about avoiding a drive and getting some rest. Econo Lodge hailed as the least expensive option that still managed to look like it passes inspection: national brand, liability and all....We didn't even book it online but were greeted by an extremely friendly and sweet gentleman who, at 10pm, kindly answered every question for us and even provided us with a hand-drawn map on where to return our rental car the next morning. The rate squared with the online quote, the room was clean and ample (sure, as the reviews note, the soap and shampoo are cheap but man the rate sure is too - can one expect Chanel for $50/night people??). Oh, and it had free and very functional wifi which covers up a LOT of sins for me (read on).Granted, I'm by nature fairly oblivious and my boyfriend had to call out the obvious signs that, as Brad notes in his review below, this is truly in ghettoland. I was fine with a secure spot to bathe and rest and order in takeout (since it's true, absolutely NOTHING is in the area beyond a Circle K and some boarded-up cash-checking places). But a line was sort of crossed when we were awakened at 1am to the sound of helicopters and police cars trolling up and down Van Buren for several hours. The optimist in me thought, "it feels like I'm back in California!" Compton, that is...but closer to home? Clearly it was a chase and despite the fact that we were safely tucked away in a 2nd floor room away from any direct line to a stairwell, I had visions of a gunman slamming our door down and taking us hostage.The next morning the friendly staff told us it was simply a man who refused to yield a trailer over to the cops and shot out a few bullets to assert his squatting rights. Shooting at cops = bad, hence the all-night raid. Of course, this has nothing to do with the kind and gracious Econo Lodge people. If you are a bit tough around the edges and don't mind sacrificing an in-room coffee maker for a little bit of urban drama, this is the place for you.
3	This place gets 4  stars based on the hotel it self. It's location gets 2 stars. Thus the 3 star rating. The hotel offers a shuttle to the airport. I was on there for business, and the front desk clerk was extremely helpful, as far as helping me with directions and getting where I needed to go. The only negative to this hotel, was the location. 30th and Van Buren is not such a nice area of Phoenix. Granted, it's nowhere near the shadiest, but if you have a choice, you should make a point not to stay east of 7th Street and Van Buren.
3	Reasonably priced, clean rooms, working airconditioning, responsive internet. Security cameras in the parking lot and you can park right outside your room. Free USA Today. Tiny pool. Three flavors of soap but no shampoo and a very spartan continental breakfast (no dry cereal or real bread, no bananas) keep this place from getting a fourth star.
2	no microwave or fridge; kind of weak A/C; no ice machine on second floor; ghetto part of town.
4	Really like the room! Staff really kind and very helpful! I have no doubt that this will be the hotel that I choose next time I visit! Free wifi+breakfast! (Just dont drink the orange juice..haha!) cheehoo!
4	Clean and affordable, close to PHX airport, staff very friendly and helpful. The area of the location leaves a bit to be desired but for a clean, comfy, cheap place to sleep close to the airport Ill be back for sure!
1	PLEASE READ FOR YOUR SAFETY:Stayed for one night. Checked in and had to change rooms at midnight after discovering a used drug needle in the bathroom.Spoke to the front desk manager who rudely said, nothing he could do about it.No discount, apology, nothing.If you don't mind taking your life in their hands!Just want to warn others of the unsafe conditions!!!!!!
1	I would give this place a big 0 if I could! This hotel is awful! econolodge should be ashamed! There were cockroaches crawling up from the drains in the sink and bathtub!!!!! How gross after seeing this I noticed someone had stuck a needle in between the toilet seat cover! How dangerous is that! First of all either it was left by a staff member or the room clearly was not cleaned and checked properly! Upon bringing this to the attention of the hotel staff they switched our room (in the middle of the night) after arguing with us and telling there was nothing they could do!! Excuse me but your in the hospitality business and your customers safety should be your number 1 priority! You front desk staff members need a serious attitude check! I will never use this establishment again or any of it's affiliate hotels and I hope no one else does for there own safety! who knows what could have happened if I were to have gotten stuck by that needle!!! :( so shameful! You really need to get your act together!
3	What's to be expected from a hotel that costs a fraction of those around it? Not much. But you get what you pay for. It was by the airport and easy to find. The clerk was very friendly. They had me booked in a smoking room but he quickly fixed that. The room was ok. But it kinda smelled. The toilet wouldn't flush without lifting the lid to the tank. In the morning I needed more time before my plane left.  Clerk was very helpful and gave me till 1 pm.
3	There are three types of hotels for me: swanky hotels that somebody else pays for, moderate-swank 2.5/3 star hotels when I want to spend time relaxing in my room, and swank-free cheap-as-I-dare rooms. The Phoenix Airport Econolodge falls into the 3rd category. I had a 7.5 hour layover between flights, and I just wanted an affordable place to crash. With a Priceline deal, this place fits the bill. The exterior basks in it's 70's yesteryear motorlodge glory. The rooms are dated, but clean. The mattresses are stiff, but linens soft and stain-free. You get what you pay for, and it is just enough. Plus: airport shuttle picks you up on demand (green and white Sky Harbor parking bus) and returns you back on the hour. Wifi is free. Breakfast begins at 4am, but don't expect much. Walk a block away and you've got a Circle K for snacks.
1	Where do I even start with this horrible hotel... First when calling for the shuttle the front desk person Priscilla was rude!!!!! I mean this was a last minute booking by my company through a travel agency  and it was the worst EVER!!!! After trying to explain to Priscilla that I didnt book this hotel she says loudly well Your card was DECLINED!! Mind you I even though I told her it was through the company. The place smelled like mold
1	Reached out to Choice hotels months ago about my complaint (Choice hotels owns the econolodge franchise) and Still have not had a responce on the awful stay at this hotel! It is dangerous, please do not stay here!!!! So Dangerous and it is clear they have NO regard for your safety, no standards at all and the owner doesnt care one bit..
3	This Econo Lodge has new owners who are busy bringing the property back up to par. The staff in the front office are very friendly and helpful. They got me checked in less than a minute after I walked through the door. The room was clean but the AC didn't work too well. It was 115 degrees the week I stayed here so needless to say, my room was a no clothes zone. The breakfast they offer isn't worth showing up for. Free airport shuttle was nice and timely. For the price, it was a good experience, and this location will be improving as time goes on. Still, I think I'd rather pony up a few more bucks and stay somewhere nicer.
1	It's been months since my complaint with this establishment and it still has not been resolved!!!!! Awful awful awful hotel! Awful staff with a bad attitude. Unsafe conditions and gross dirty rooms and apparently there corporate could care less about any of these things or there customers!
2	Looking for somewhere somewhat cheap and near the airport, well this is it. Not the nicest establish but will give you somewhere to rest, shower, and grab continental breakfast. If your used to atleast Marriott Courtyard caliber then this isn't the place for you. Rooms decent, bedding OK, and outdoor entry hotel. We didn't chose this one.
1	Some corporate person emailed me 6 months after our terrible awful stay at this disgusting hotel and he asked for the reservation name and the date I emailed him and gave him the info.... And I Never heard from him again! Pathetic business.. You people need a lesson in hospitality seriously Choice hotels failed miserably with this awful hotel! Awful customer service....
