2	I was actually dancing in the hallway when I saw all the unexpected, beautiful cupcakes ahead of me.  We picked up two red velvets, an Oh - My Gosh, Ganache!, and a coconut vanilla.  Unfortunately, the cupcakes look way better than they taste.  The red velvets were light and airy, but flavorless cakes; the cream cheese frosting a strange thick texture with a lot of oiliness.  The ganache was pretty good, with chocolate filling inside of a dense vanilla cake, as well as on top as frosting.  The coconut vanilla was the best, made moist by the direct addition of shredded coconut to the cake batter.  With more than 16 signature flavors, you can probably find some really good ones.  Let me know when you do!
3	It's only been about 2+ weeks since this location has been open at the Monte Carlo. Haven't had a red velvet fix in a while, so I was pretty stoked to hear that this was at my hotel. I copped my usual (which goes by the name Southern Belle), along with an Oh My Gosh Ganache. The OMGG was pretty good. The frosting was light and velvety, and the filling was a nice surprise. Didn't have the SB until the next day on my flight home. I probably should've eaten it earlier because I found the cake to be a bit dry. The frosting was also nice and light. Not bad, but I still hold a flame to Sprinkles. For $3.75 each, it would have been nice to get a slightly larger cupcake.
2	Note: This review is based off of one cupcake.I really wanted to like this place, but it was disappointing. I got the strawberry cupcake.  The cake part was okay, but the frosting was gross.  It had this super-duper artificial "strawberry" flavor that tasted like children's strawberry bubble gum -- NOT a good thing.In hindsight, the disturbingly bright red coloring of the frosting should've told me that something wasn't right.  Maybe the other flavors taste better, but they messed up the strawberry one pretty badly.The only good thing about this place is that when I mentioned I didn't like cream cheese frosting, they offered to scrape off the existing frosting & replace it with something more to my liking.Compared to other cupcake specialty places, The Cupcakery is "meh."  Get your dessert somewhere else... unless you like really artificial-tasting frosting.
3	I came over to the Monte Carlo specifically for a cupcake because I had to have at least one during our LV trip.  This is located in the shops located behind the casino.  The first you noticed, of course, was the huge display cupcake sitting on the counter.  The walls were adorned with cute pink wallpaper and a few sets of cute t-shirts were set up.   All of the cakes looked good, but I decided to try the chocolate peanut butter cupcake.  The crunchy peanut butter frosting tasted delicious and the cake was good, but was not the best I have ever eaten.  And $3.75 was really expensive for one cupcake.  Oh well, it was my one cupcake in Vegas.
2	I have to admit, I think that the newer cupcake places that are opening up are opening a lil too late. I think that they have missed the cupcake boom. Anyways, I have to say that this business produces some of the most beautiful cupcakes that I have seen, some are sparkly and glittery. Some of them are made to look like puppies and all kinds of cute things. The flavors are intense. Actually, it's the frosting that is intense. The cake itself is tasty but the flavor from the frosting is what kinda does you in. I had a cupcake that had a champagne frosting or something like that. It was pretty but that's about it. I'm sorry to say that I don't think that I'd purchase another one of their adorable treats. Price wise, it was what I expected to pay. Taste wise, I wasn't impressed.
3	as you can see by all the reviews- the place looks awesome.. you druel looking at the cupcakes. however the items them self are ok... i got red velvet twice and second time was actualy hard - you know like turn up the cooler on high and get hard.. atleast make me think this guy was some what fresh... but on a pinch, closest one in montecarlo/aria
2	Stopped by Monte Carlo last weekend to see what my little brother was raving about. Cupcakery is a cute little shop that showcases a variety of scrumptious "looking" cupcakes. I ordered the following: Red velvet. Boston Cream Two Seasonal Flavors I cant recall. I was totally expecting these cupcakes to be pure heaven. As I sampled every one the flavors I was extremely disappointed. The cupcakes aren't as yummy as they look. Cupcakery gets 2 stars for the variety of flavors but loses 3 for its recipe.
1	I should have listened to the other reviews... Because they were right! I love cupcakes so I decided to give this place a try... Big mistake!I ordered the strawberry shortcake which tasted nothing like it. All of the cupcakes look extremely dry because they are! The frosting just tasted like pure sugar and butter.I honestly regret this purchase.  I think it's so funny that they say they are "the best little cupcakes in Vegas" what a bunch of bull!Don't waste your money... Bake your own!
4	This place is Awesome!! It is in the Monte Carlo and it has Great C-Cakes!! I had ordered the Julius and the Nuts about Mounds. The NAM's was very good because I happened to love Almond Joys( Chocolate Frosting, Coconut Shavings, and White Cake) I actually did not get to try the Julius, because Wifey and lil' one devoured it.  (Pineapple cake, Orange/ Vanilla Frosting) The people are friendly and they do take Debit cards. They opened early around 9am  but close a little early. I will look forward to try them again, and hopefully soon.
2	Definitely not the best way to spend $4 on a cupcake - their pink vanilla specialty ones were dry. The only reason it's getting 2 stars is because the red velvet cupcake was good.
2	More like the Cupcrapery.....1. Pretty and sparkly on the outside, nasty in the inside.  2.  I didn't read YELP first.  Fail.3.  Basically the same as what everyone else said.  Dry cupcakes.  Frosting is gritty sugar.  Not even the fluffy or creamy kind.  Just gritty.4.  I had the oh my gosh ganache, kir royale, coco frauline, and strawberry shortcake.   Out of the four the ganache was the most tolerable.  So I gave it four chances at least.  4 bucks on each cupcake.  Fail again.
5	My friend suggested this place since he knows I love cupcakes! I do not know if the baking God was blessing the bakers the day that I came but I was not disappointed. First the cupcakes were all decorated beautifully. They had all different flavors I had to get 4 just for myself... I do not share good cupcakes! The red velvet was moist in the inside full of flavor and light. The surprise was the frosting, it was not heavy at all not too sweet . I loved it!Tickle me pink. It was vanilla cupcake with pink vanilla butter cream frosting.. and it did tickle my palate.Kir Royale was a raspberry cupcake with champagne flavored frosting. It was very pretty, fit for royalty and Me!Strawberry short cake was in deed very pretty but this is the only cupcake that disappointed me.  So 3/4 cupcakes not so bad.It made a happy ending to my Las Vegas weekend getaway more enjoyable.Tickle me pink is a vanilla cupcake with pink vanilla butter cream frosting. It did tickle my palate just a tad... heheheKir Royale was beautiful looked like it should be served for royalty and why not for me?! It was a raspberry cupcake and champagne frosting.Strawberry shortcake again very pretty but this was the only cupcake I did not care for, so 3/4 not so bad! It was a great way to end my Las Vegas weekend getaway and drive back home
5	I don't know what everyone else is talking about. This place had a pretty good cupcake. I had a Kir Royale, raspberry cupcake, champagne infused, and with silver glitter to top. Maybe if I were super picky, I would say it was a tiny bit dry, but I'm not going to be so critical. The raspberry taste and the frosting made the cupcake fantastic. Yum. I'm hopefully going to try the cinnamon roll one and the orange-pineapple one.
4	I was in the lobby of the Monte Carlo craving something sweet and ended up at this place. The selection was limited, so we went with Mounds of Joy.After reading reviews I may have gotten lucky and the baker was on a good one.. because It was delicious, soft, moist, rich with coconut goodness and the chocolate buttercream was good, not too sweet at all. We wanted to go back for more but had to resist because they were so expensive (4 something for a cupcake, is this because we're in Vegas!?).
2	Let me start with a positive: the Cupcakery's red velvet cupcakes are phenomenal--moist and flavorful, and the frosting makes a perfect complement. A friend gave me one and I was excited to share this place with my boyfriend. Unfortunately, their other cupcakes were kind of a disappointment, especially for the price. For $3.75, I expect something pretty good, and a lot of it. Unfortunately, the cupcakes we bought were about the size and quality of the kind of cupcake you'd get at a grocery store--very dry, not much flavor, and the cream cheese frosting? Not as good on a coconut cupcake as the red velvet. The shop looked nice enough, and they were decorated fine, but not spectacularly--I think I could have done better, even with my meager decorating skills. If you happen to be passing by and really need a sugar fix, I say go for it, but otherwise not worth it.
4	I really enjoyed the cupcakes my husband and I got at the Cupcakery!  I got the orange sherbet with pineapple and my husband got the red velvet which we both thought were delicious, if a little on the sweet side.  I liked the huge selection of flavors and wish I could have tried more!  This was also a convenient stop on our way back to the Aria from the tram.
5	Thank you Jeff for introducing me to this sinful delight!  While it definitely disagrees with eating healthy, I am allowed to cheat every once in a while and this is definitely a must, as far as cheat foods go!  The Southern Belle (red velvet) and Strawberry Shortcake are to die for!  Oh my gosh Ganache is a hit, so my sister says...  And the Julius is just a beautiful sight to see.  The cupcakes are soft, moist, rich and decadent.  If you are in the Vegas area, this is definitely a treat not to be missed!
4	The Cupcakery's cupcakes are actually pretty good! I have had cupcakes from lots of different, well-known cupcake places and sometimes, I'm unfortunately disappointed with the product. However, I really enjoyed these cupcakes, even though I went into this thinking they would probably disappoint too. I had the southern belle (red velvet) and the grasshopper (the chocolately/minty cake). Both of them had great, rich frosting and really moist, tasty cake! (We even went at the very end of the day, right before they closed, and they still tasted really fresh!) My boyfriend had the mocha and chocolate peanut butter cup, which were also very delicious! I noticed A LOT of reviews complaining about the price, but that's expected! Every cupcake place I have ever been too is in the same price range, so I wasn't surprised about the price. If you're in the market for a delicious treat, I would definitely recommend The Cupcakery!
3	I woke up early one morning and stumbled into this cupcake place...opting to skip eating breakfast at McDonalds' inside the food court, I somehow stumbled into this small place located next to the Monte Carlo Pub.  I decided to try something different for breakfast, and give their cupcake a try.   I ordered the "Oh, My Gosh" cupcake, which the girl suggested as one of their most popular cupcakes.  After grabbing a cup of coffee at Starbucks, I sat down and began to dissect my cupcake.   The vanilla cupcake was filled with a chocolate ganache, topped with chocolate and vanilla buttercream.   The cupcake was moist, but the cream was a tad bit dense and way too sweet.  I would have enjoyed it more with a beer, but the sweet cupcake didn't go so well with my caramel macchiato; way too much sugar to start the day!  The cream frosting was just too thick and heavy for my liking, and too sweet.  The cupcake was $3.75 plus tax, which came out to be $4.08...honestly since when do they start charging tax on cupcakes!?   For the price of the cupcake, I did not think it was worth $4.  I would have been better off going to Jean Phillipe or Payard and getting a sweet dessert or a pastry.   Other cupcake places like Sprinkles make better cupcakes than here, but so far I have not found too many cupcake shops on the strip in Vegas.   I guess if you have a cupcake craving these cupcakes might satisfy your appetite, but don't expect these cupcakes to be breathtaking delicious.  The cupcakes seem to be okay, they definitely have room for improvement, such as making the cupcake a tad less sweet.  I will probably go back to try a different cupcake, hopefully the next cupcake will turn out better!
4	ran into this place by accident.. im a huge cupcake fan so we had to try this place out!.. lots to choose from.. cupcake itself wasa little dry!.. had the oh my ganache.. the frosting and ganache were both good!! i'd say it was a little pricey too, but hey, in vegas, everything is more expensive.. im definitely a fan!!
3	Pricier than most cupcakeries average $4 a cupcake. Convenient because it's in the foodcourt. Limited on their cupcake selections, they don't seem to replenish as often as the main shop does. I do like their Southern Belles, the cream cheese frosting is just right for me.Bottom line, if you're on the strip and have a sweet tooth for cupcakes, head to the Monte Carlo food court. Otherwise, save your money and buy a real meal.
3	Cupcake craving in Vegas and staying by Monte Carlo - this is the place to go. This place is conveniently located near Starbucks. I walked in wanting a cupcake but I looked at the price $3.75/each. That's hefty for a cupcake and I wasn't sure of the quality so ended up not buying. They had pretty cupcakes (Orange Julius looked really good with the glittery frosting on top). I'm glad I didn't buy since they didn't get such good ratings. My instincts saved me from a bad cupcake because i didn't read the reviews until after I got home.
2	I admit I am a cupcake snob. I have experienced some GREAT cupcakes in the past few years, so I feel I have something to compare all others to. Let's start with the good: Cute store design, cute logo. The "Good Morning" cupcake tasted just like coffee cake. Airy, light, and that cinnamon sugar - delicious. But it tasted just like coffee cake. That's not what a cupcake is supposed to taste like. The bad: I tried Mimi's Pumpkin first. I LOVE pumpkin cupcakes. Pumpkin anything, really. Granted I bought this one about 10pm, but it was cold and dry. The frosting wasn't thick, it was almost runny. Oh, and the mellocreme pumpkin on top? It was only half of one. Those are my favorite halloween candies, so I felt slighted.My husband had the Strawberry Shortcake cupcake. He said it was "ok", but it was "dry" and "not that big".I also tried the Kir Royale (raspberry cake with champagne flavored frosting). Super dry. Not moist at all. And the cake itself is so small. You pay $4.00 for these cupcakes, you'd better give me something with substance. I feel like I got cheated out of a lot with that price. Bottom line: dry, small and overpriced. Cute presentation, but falls short where it counts.
2	Its amazing how the ambiance and the whole concept of cupcake attracts or even sucks you in closer to the point of trying a product. I'm guilty, I did try it. There were so many brilliantly had crafted cupcakes and a mixture of  old fashioned and fusioned cupcakes on the menu. I was impressed at first sight.So I did try a couple of common and a personal favorite flavors: red-velvet & cinnamon. Then I bite into one, my top pick on cupcakes... the red velvet. Woah! A big disappointment. The cupcake was so dry and a bit bland. It felt like biting on a week old display cupcake. So I was a bit hopeful on the second one... The Cinnamon Roll Themed cupcake. Guess what? Same results. I was a bit disappointed with their product. Could it be because I went there about noon and they had the cupcake there sitting for while? Was it day old cupcake?  I'm unsure but it seems like I share the same experience with a lot of people here. The price as well. I'm assuming its probably because its in a hotel that they would increase their price. ridiculous.1st Star is for the location and the ambiance. Small, petit and wonderful staff. 2nd Star is for the presentation. Clean and pleasing to the eyes. I rest my case.  I should have went to Starbucks next door.
3	Ordered the carrot cupcake. I thought the cupcake was just a little too sweet, but it was moist. Just wanted to give it a try too see if it was any good, and it's okay may be if it wasn't too sweet or the decoration too fancy it might have been a little bit better. May be next time I'll try another flavor.
4	Purposely went on a NYC cupcake hiatus for this place and overall was not disappointed. I have to say these are some of the most beautiful cupcakes I have seen. I loved the sparkling glitter on the frosting. They had fun flavors like Kir Royale, Strawberry Shortcake, Gingerbread, Peppermint Stick, Grasshopper, PB&J, Orange Julius, etc...By far my favorite was the Strawberry Shortcake. Moist yet dense cake with sweet (but not gritty) buttercream frosting. They had free samples which was nice, especially when trying to figure out what flavor to try! Staff were also super friendly and liked to discuss cupcakeries across the USA!My two complaints are:-the flavors were a little *too* subtle, especially the mint ones-price...at $3.75 each they are more than almost any NYC bakery!Definitely worth a stop, I don't think you'll be disappointed. I would come back for sure.
3	Despite the warning from a Yelp friend I had two cupcakes here.  One I really liked, but the other one not so much.Actually, I came about this place not knowing it was the one star wonder that Janice C had previously reviewed.  I was headed toward the Monte Carlo to Bellagio tram when one of my friends spotted it.  The store was about 10 minutes away from closing so I stepped in and purchased two cupcakes at $3.75 a piece.Most of the cupcakes here are decorated in glitter.  That alone was enough to turn away my two friends who probably thought I was kidding when I voiced the desire to actually walk in for a cupcake.Still in my San Francisco Giants-loving mode I selected The Julius (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-pN44P-_PjRpcj4Rk2wMOg?select=os6ho_qd-sCDWrHQ7sFOKg) with its swirl of orange and vanilla buttercream on top of an orange and pineapple cake, and a Grasshopper (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-pN44P-_PjRpcj4Rk2wMOg?select=sfW64iixXLiMb9hthriMCQ) because I love the combination of mint and dark chocolate.The characteristics of the two cupcakes were completely different from one another.  It was almost like they were created by different bakers.  The cupcakes were both dome shaped on top so the amount of frosting on each cake looked like more than there actually was.The Julius was just bad.  While the cake wasn't too sweet, almost buttery in fact, it was a bit dry and had little to none orange or pineapple flavor.  There were itty, bitty bits of substance in the cake that I'll assume was pineapple.  The super sweet buttercream had no orange flavor either but tasted somewhat chemical like with an odd, bitter aftertaste.  My friend suggested they used actual foil to create the glitter and that was the taste I was experiencing.  I won't buy into that suggestion, but he may have had a point.The Grasshopper, however, was very good.  The dark chocolate cake was super moist, super chocolaty and not very crumbly.  The mint chocolate buttercream tasted great but it was much thinner than the orange-vanilla buttercream.  As soon as I bit into the cupcake the mint chocolate buttercream began to roll off of the cake.  The shiny green glitter on this cake had no chemical aftertaste.They were definitely two very different cupcakes.  Could be this is the Jekyll and Hyde of cupcake boutiques.
1	Taste like overpriced grocery store bought cupcake with fancy icing
3	Orange Julius - The cupcake looks absolutely delicious with its orange and white swirl frosting, glitter and a tiny orange candy garnish. The cake, however, is a little dry. The frosting is pretty light and not too sweet. If you eat the two together, they balance out. The Orange Julius cupcake is nothing to get too crazy about though. It satisfied my sweet tooth but I'm not dying for more.
2	I'm really not a sweets type of gal (although I am very sweet myself ha!) but passing by this little bright shop at the Monte Carlo really caught my eye. The Cupcake is packed into a little cute "The Cupcakery" Chinese to-go style box. What I ordered was the Red Velvet Cupcake. It's an expensive little cupcake but the taste doesn't support it's costly weight either. I really hoped for it to be super delicious, moist and perfect-but it wasn't. It was actually dull and dry. I've experienced way better cupcakes. :(
1	What we ordered:JuliusBoston CreamRed Velvetand a fourth I don't remember.Cost:4 for 14$Verdict:Like others have said, they are pretty, but they don't measure up in taste.I can't really add much more, but if I could rate these a zero star, I would!
3	I was so excited to see this place. So my hubby and I got the red velvet to share. Not sure if it was because of the refridge they keep it in but it was hard to cut through and a little stiff. The cream cheese frosting was awesome but wish it was fresher.
3	We have a Cupcakery in Dallas, so thought I would try the one out in Vegas since that is where they started.  I was hopeful that the cupcakes here would be better, but they really weren't.  The cake is not moist enough and the they are cold.  Honestly, I would rather have a warm cupcake that makes me feel like it is fresh out of the oven.  Oh well, they look great, but just don't taste as great!
1	Was craving cake so stopped in at the Cupcakery.  Ordered 3 different cupcakes and all three were dry and the outer edges were tough.  Whether they dried out because they sit out too long, are over-baked, or both, it felt like I was eating a muffin rather than cupcake.  While some might say these are more "bread-like" cupcakes, cupcakes should not be tough even if more bread-like.
3	Before leaving Las Vegas my friends and I always get cupcakes to take with us on the plane, so everyone else on the plane can go oh I wish I had a cupcake. We went to The Cupcakery before heading out. I got the Boston creme and she got the vanilla with vanilla butter creme. I though that my cupcake was good tasted just like Boston. I could have eaten three more if I would of had them. However she said she liked the frosting on hers but not the cake itself. She said that her cake was dry. But she loved the frosting. So overall 3 stars and an A-ok. They put them in cute little individual boxes which helped in transport in 107 degree heat to the airport and onto the plane without falling apart. So overall if you are on the strip and want a cupcake give this place a chance. See what you think.
3	It's Vegas, so you need to do/say/see and eat all the things your mommy told you not to.  This includes cupcakes.SWEET, sweet and sweet.  That about sums up the taste.  I can't remember what flavor I had (blame alcohol and not my heart) but I do recall that the cake was moist and didn't crumble all over the place but there was no explosion of flavor (other than sugar).  It was just a decent cupcake.  The price wasn't outrageous - pretty much in line with standard cupcake pricing.  The server was nice and obviously used to dealing with drunk customers, so thanks for that.The Cupcakery was....A-OK.
4	I have mixed feelings due to getting two cupcakes :) The first one, Lemon Creme was amazing! I figured I'd shy away from my normal chocolate, red velvet, or berry style cake...and I'm so happy I did. The cake was extremely moist, had wonderful, light cream cheese frosting, and was overall one of the best I've had.And because of my chocolate temptation, I fell for the chocolate-peanut butter. The cake was pure chocolate, tasting just okay but was really dry. And the peanut butter frosting was a little too buttery tasting for me. Overall, it wasn't a good combination and somehow, a little to rich tasting.As far as The Cupcakery as a whole...I guess I'll just have to go back and try more flavors :)
4	A good friend of mine recently visited from Las Vegas a few weeks ago, and he brought me down some delicious cupcakes from the Cupcakery which is located inside the Monte Carlo hotel. He remembered from my last trip to Vegas in Aug. 2010 how much I kept raving about this place. Like I said, I came across this place last August when me and some friends ate at "The Pub" for a late afternoon lunch. While walking to go shopping in city center we stumbled here because of their colorful and beautiful decor, not to mention the cupcakes where calling all our names! After looking at the display I knew I shouldn't eat one but I couldn't resist so I bought 4 cupcakes! I got 2 pieces of the red velvet with cream cheese frosting and 1 cupcake of the "kir royale" which is a raspberry cake with champagne frosting, and of course I had to get the strawberry shortcake because I love strawberry, let alone strawberry cheesecakes! Everything was really good, the bread was all very moist and the frosting was a lot but who doesn't love extra frosting? It wasn't to overly sweet or over powering either. I can't recall the prices for all 4 but I do believe it was pricey ( about $3-$5) even for one but when your on vacation who looks at price tags nor calories?? Then when my friend came to visit, he brought back a 4 pack of those delicious red velvet cupcakes! Trust me when I say that these cupcakes are really yummy! And I'm not a cupcake kind of gal. To bad that they don't open a store in Oahu because everyone here loves red velvet and cupcakes!
4	This place did a great job!  The regular cupcakes (according to friends) were amazing and the flavors seemed very inventive.  We polished them all off, so that is something!  I ordered two gluten free and was a bit disappointed.  While the cake part was very good....they just did a chocolate drizzle thing over the top.  Frosting can be done gluten free!  In fact most of it is...so I would have appreciated something more inspiring, especially as it is not often I find cupcakes I can eat!
4	These cupcakes are yum-d-olicious! The flavors are creative and the frosting is creamy, the cake is moist. Although the price is a bit high (grr), I tried four (over several days) anyway and didn't feel too guilty. I loved them. I tried the Kir Royale which had glitter on it that concerned me but was totally edible. The others I tried were also quite friendly with my stomach (chocolate peanut butter, chocolate passion and oh my ganache)
3	Fell over this place on the way through the Monte Carlo. Adorable. The cupcakes are so pretty you don't want to eat them.Over-priced. Definitely for frosting lovers.However I absolutely loved the strawberry shortcake. It would be the one I'd recommend to anyone. It tasted fresh and delicious. I even took a bunch of them home and they did hold up on the long car ride. My friend loved the boston dream.A good snack in the middle of a long night or in the morning when you need sugar.
3	Cupcakery. Monte Carlo. Coconut. Strawberry shortcake.the cakes were Moist. Not  too sweet. frosting was alright. definitely a solid cupcakery
3	The Cupcakery left me feeling a little lacklustery!I had the lemon and orange cupcakes.  They were tasty but just okay for me.  The decorations were almost non existent on all of the cupcakes.  For the price and hoop la about this place you just expect more.
5	OMG! The Cupcakery in the Monte Carlo Resort has too die for cupcakes! Had the Red Velvet and Coconut Bliss cupcake. I would go back to Vegas just for these cupcakes!
5	BEST CUPCAKES i have EVER had!  The cupckaes are a little pricey but completely worth it!  I love going to different bakeries and trying cupcakes...  and I have finally found a place that is worth revisiting.**strawberry shortcake cupcake was amazing.
2	The Cupcakery @ MonteCarlo. Had a Lemon Creme cupcake. Looked very pretty  with the glittered sugar on top. All the cupcakes in the display were attractive but decided on the lemon.I am not a food snob but honestly I've had better cupcakes come out of my own oven using Duncan Hines cake mix.  It was not terrible just not worth $5 bucks. I guess my expectation was too high. Sorry.
2	It was open late, and it served dessert.  And the lady working behind the counter was friendly.  The cupcakes were only eh - we had three tiny bites (the best of which was chocolate) and a cupcake to share -- the strawberry red one.  I wasn't impressed, and it was priced a bit much.  Apparently the corridor is getting redone, but the place was still cute and near a walkway to see people passing by.
4	We walked by the cupcakery a couple times when heading to the tram in the Monte Carlo and it eventually pulled me in!  It is a small shop with a good selection and a few seats.  Prices seem comparable to other cupcake shops in my neck of the woods (Colorado) so they didn't strike me as any pricier than usual (although $3.75/cupcake does seem like a lot for such a little cake!).  I had the Oh, My Gosh ~ Ganache! (vanilla cake with a ruffle center, topped with vanilla and chocolate butter creams) and the Southern Belle (red velvet with cream cheese frosting).  Of the two I would get the OMG again.  It was really light and the truffle center is a perfect burst of chocolate.  The Southern Belle was a good cupcake, but a little on the dense side - nothing tragic, just not as fluffy as the other.  We had plans to make it back, but never did.  If I am in the Monte Carlo I will be heading over to get me a cute little cake!
4	Yummy!!! I had the tickle me pink chocolate cupcake which I enjoyed very much! Service was great!
4	Being from Colorado we're used to seeing cupcake shops everywhere, so it was a nice surprise when we ran into the Cupcakery in the Monte Carlo shops. The prices weren't cheap - I think they were about $3.75 each - and the lady behind me in line got a stern talking to from her husband that no way was she spending $4 on a cupcake.But we thought the prices were about on average with Colorado and the typical Vegas inflation. The clerk was very helpful and I got a chocolate cupcake and a strawberry shortcake. They were so sweet and just hit the spot perfectly.
5	Oh man.. for so long I always avoided cupcake places, because I was convinced that it wasn't anything special. For some reason I was talked into trying a cupcake at the Cupcakery at Monte Carlo, and now i'm always pining for their cupcakes.My favorite cupcake is the strawberry shortcake. OMG it is so so good.. It tastes so exotic and flavorful. There is something about their frosting that I really love. I'm a fan of frosting that is thick and I don't find the frosting overwhelming. I think it's a pretty balanced cupcake. The cupcakes all look so beautiful too with the edible glitter. I've yet to find a cupcake place like the cupcakery here in Southern California. Upon emailing the company I found out that you can call ahead of time and ask them to freeze some cupcakes for you for the trip home.
4	Pretty good, interesting flavors. Price was cheaper than I had expected from Vegas. They don't compare to Sprinkles or Dots, but they are infinitely better than Casey's...then again, so is any other cupcake place in the world.
1	Nothing to Write about.  I Love sweety & i Love cupcakes but These. I tried 3 were just Not Good. To pricey & Not Good is a Bad combination.
2	Best thing about our stay at Hotel 32 in the Monte Carlo?  Ok besides the Jabbawockeez? Oh yeah, not much.  Certainly not the room, and not even the cupcakes. I thought, "Great! At least there's a silver lining in this little old school hotel", but after I actually had the cupcakes, I was thinking otherwise.  They looked really cute, with all the glitz and glitter, but they tasted blah and were really pretty dry.  So, so sad.
2	I was really excited because this placed had been named "Las Vegas Best Picks of 2012" or something like that.A little disappointed to say the least. There was a really large variety of cupcake flavors, which I appreciated, and the cupcakes LOOKED pretty, but the glitter on the cupcakes was a little over-done for my taste. But I guess that's what a Vegas cupcake should look like!I didn't actually get the cupcakes, which may have been the reason why I didn't really enjoy the place, but I got the "cupcake bites" (aka cake pops) and they were not so great. The outer-shell was hard and entirely too sweet, and the cupcake part within was also.. too sweet. I have a pretty awesome sweet tooth so I can handle sweets, but these cupcake bites (we had chocolate, carrot, and strawberry) were just not that great to me.
4	This establishment is located in the Monte Carlo shops in the back of the casino next to the food court. Prices were normal for a gourmet cupcake. We bought it for a friend's birthday and we didn't get around to eating it until 2-3 days later, but even then the cupcake was sooo MOIST still. That's definitely a good sign! I was expecting it to be hard and crusty... not at all! Love it! I would come back here if I was a local. We tried Red Velvet, some chocolate kind, a lemon flavor one and i can't remember the 4th one. But the Red Velvet was my favorite! Delish!
3	Moist cake.. icing not so great. I tried the Red velvet (best), Oh My Ganache and Strawberry shortcake. It temporarily satisfied but I prefer Sprinkles/Crave Cupcakes.
3	I got a Peanut butter/chocolate cupcake which was decent. It was a little dense but hit the spot.Girlfriend got red velvet and described it as not sweet and moist. Hit the spotAbout 4 bucks a cupcake
2	Southern Bell was the best but the cupcakes were kind of dry... Won't go back again. Cute but not very good, unfortunately.
3	This place is located in Monte Carlo next to the dueling piano restaurant. The cupcakes here look very fancy and I bought 1/2 dozen. 1/2 the cupcakes were extremely dry and we pretty much threw them out after a bite but the red velvet tasted very fresh, light, moist and tasted the best. Unless you know for a fact that the cupcakes aren't a day old I wouldn't take the gamble. I would probably go back for the red velvet if I was in the area.
2	Dry, not very good. Look pretty, but are not worth the prices they charge. spent 15 bucks on 4 and threw out the last 2. I'll just go to Georgetown Cupcake when I go home.
2	So for the price of these cupcakes not worth it. I tried one and it was supposed to have a caramel filling..... caramel, there was almost nothing in the middle. I thought it was dry not very impressed. The girl that was working there had a face like she wanted to leave to I can not say I had good customer service. Yea I would not say impressive for being in Vegas there are better cupcake places in Rancho Cucamonga.
4	I like to think of myself as somewhat of a cupcake connoisseur, having hit cupcake places from NYC to DC to CA etc...I LOVED the cupcakes I had from the Cupcakery in the Monte Carlo.  You walk right past this place when you get off the tram from Bellagio.  They're open early (yes, I had one for breakfast on Saturday...).  I had a Bugsy and a Mocha Mocha the next day too.  I love these small delicious cakes in a cup.Their frosting is ideal for me.  Sweet, sugary, dense, buttery, and delicious.  None of this whipped half-sweet junk other places push sometimes!  Frosting shots are a bargain at $1 each.The cake is moist, dense, and flavorful.  I would recommend and I would return again!
1	Very dissappointed on their service. The girls handling the order over the phone were rude! They delivered the cupcakes a day late! Not a call back all day, saying they were going to be late. Cupcakes were not that well decorated or made. Should of looked at another place. Don't waste your money here!
3	For a place that specializes in cupcakes, I was pretty disappointed.Stopped by to get a few cupcakes for my girlfriend and her roommates. I really wanted to like this place because I get awesome employee discounts for working at a hotel buuuuut...Gotta say the cupcakes are just meh. I don't think I'll be going back.The frosting and flavors taste really flat to me. The peanut butter cupcake just tastes like what it is, peanut butter. I know this sounds really strange, but there's no dynamic quality in their flavors at all. I doubt the peanut butter frosting was homemade because it taste like it was straight out of a Skippy's PB jar. Even the chocolate cupcakes tastes so nondescript. They aren't all that fresh either. You can tell when you chew the bread and it's hard and clumpy. It's supposed to be soft and break away with ease.The prices are pretty ridiculous as well. If it was worth it I wouldn't mind, but I think Jean Philipe at the Aria is a better choice all around.
1	I would give this place a ZERO if I could. I was very excited of course because cupcakes excites me. But the only bad part was on how long the wait was when there was only 2 people in front of me. More like they should have more people working there. The two old lady behind me came after me and got so mad that they left. I guess you can say it took enough time to get me irritated and left as well. Sorry guys, i seriously don't think it takes that long to get service especially when you're in VEGAS!
4	I'll give the cupcake I ordered a 4 out of 5, but the service a 3 out of 5. There were maybe 3 people ahead of me and I swear I waited 20 minutes. Got to the point where I considered leaving because it was so slow. When it finally came to be my turn, the girl behind the counter was nice, but it just took forever to actually get to her. She let me sample their Red Velvet cupcake because it is usually my favorite. I wasn't impressed at all with their Red Velvet, so I opted for the Carrot Cake cupcake and I'm glad I did. It was so much better: moist and rich. I guess I have to recommend checking this place out, but beware you are going to wait.
3	Cupcakes are four for fourteen dollars. Or six if you really want to go big for twenty dollars. Each one is 3.75$, I think. We got four; I got the coconut one because I like coconuts. The frosting was a little hard, but I am sure they were there all day. Cupcake itself was soft and slightly moist. I am not a cupcake connoisseur or sommelier. I expected it to be a lot worse because of all of the poor reviews from some Yelpers, but it was not THAT bad. I tried a little frosting from my girlfriend's and it was not good (for me). The cake also was not tasty because it tasted really artificial to me; artificially strawberry-tasting. No one felt their respective cupcakes were particularly bad, but I would expect pure badassedness when one is paying so much per cupcake. I have had better cupcakes at the Plaza hotel downtown for less $.  - E
3	This was my second time coming to this chain, at this location. This time I had my mother, best friend and boyfriend with me, and it was late in the evening since we were going to see Blue Men here. We decided to try some cupcakes before the show, since we had time, and we each bought a very different flavor. My mother got a lemon cupcake, my best friend chose the red velvet one, my boyfriend went with a safe pumpkin spice one, and I decided that the pink champagne cupcake would be nice. To put it in my friends words, "It tasted like a Flintstones vitamin." It had a horrible artificial flavor, and the frosting was so dang sugary I could literally feel the grains of sugar on my teeth. My teeth actually HURT it was so sugary. This seems to be a trend with the cupcakes I pick from this place. Everyone else liked theirs, though some were a little dry, but then again, it was very late in the day, so that is to be expected.
5	This place ROCKS! Every bite is like an explosion of happiness in my mouth. The carrot cake one is my favorite but you can never go wrong with red velvet. Awesome addition to any party. Grab a dozen before you go to a birthday party, office party etc and you will be the star of the show!
1	My cupcake was the Kir flavor with the champagne buttercream.  The cake had an artificial raspberry taste, and I can tell from experience these are NOT MADE FROM SCRATCH, they taste like a COMMERCIAL BASE and what makes it so bad was that IT WAS RIDICULOUSLY DRY! and since I bake I KNOW it wasn't because it sat too long, it was because it stayed in the oven too long from the get go.  The top was hard and crunchy, a plastic fork could barely cut it, and the rest of the cake was just dry.  The frosting has crusted over but I scraped the crusted frosting off to get to the softer frosting.  It tasted spoiled and thats probably due to the liquor flavoring, but it was soft and waaaay too sweet.  i know its supposed to made with butter, but it just tasted like shortening mixed with sugar until light and fluffy.  Even an old fashioned boiled icing made with butter and flour would actually taste better, be light and fluffy, easy to decorate with, would hold the flavoring well, and not be too sweet.  But your cake better be slamming if you're not going to hide it under all the frosting.The cake tasted like it was frozen previously after already being over baked because it was tough and bread-like.  Also people they use DISCO DUST for that sparkly effect on what looks like everything.  DISCO DUST IS MADE OUT OF PLASTIC!!!!!! It is non-toxic but should only be put on food that is being used for decoration and can be removed.  I would have given it a zero based on the DISCO DUST alone, but come to find out the Monte Carlo owns the Cupcakery located in their building.  Im sure thats why it was so yuck.  I would not try them again nor recommend this bakery.
3	Absolutely delicious but waaaaaay overpriced.
4	Good but too expensive...
1	I think the large amount of turnover at the Monte Carlo -- hotel guests changing each and every day -- is what keeps this place alive, because I would be very surprised if their cupcakes actually generated enough repeat business to sustain itself.The cupcakes themselves are a sight to behold. They are pretty and elegant, and quite beautifully made, and they will pull you into this store. So should you ever need a cupcake as a prop for a photograph, or as a piece of modern decor, this is the place to go.But taste, and value for the money, are a different story. At between $3 and $4 a cupcake, you kind of expect to be blown away. You want something that is moist and fresh, and that tastes at least a bit like homemade, and not something that smacks of artificial flavors and that could have very well popped out of an Easy-Bake Oven.
2	I was on the hunt for cupcakes for the entire time we were in Vegas, and after being hugely disappointed that Sin City Cupcakes doesn't have a storefront, I decided to go to the Cupcakery to satisfy my cupcake craving...  It was a mistake.  Not a huge mistake at only $4, but a mistake.   The cupcakes looked very pretty, but sadly the look didn't match the taste at all.  The cake was dry and a tad stale and there was too much icing for my taste.  Overall, a disappointment at having to pay a steep price for a mediocre (at best) cupcake.
2	For the price, you would expect more.  The deserts at the buffets were better!
4	seriously i jumped on the cupcake fad, since when? i have no idea!! i can't seem to resist any place that is dedicated to cupcakes. which is why i ended up at the cupcakery. i walked by it so many times and every time i did, i wanted to resist the urge but i caved in and indulged in cupcake goodness!ordered:*red velvet-moist. muffin could use more red coloring. lacking in color. there's no muffin top which i'm a fan of. definitely good but not the best red velvet i've had.*coconut bliss-coconut flakes in the frosting. no muffin top. it looked really pretty with the glitter. moist. it was good but red velvet was the better one out of the two.overall experience:*staff was nice and attentive.*i devoured the cupcakes the day after they were bought and it was still moist and tasted fresh.*got a coupon that was BOGO free after watching a show. totally worth it. 2 big cupcakes for $4. if not it'll be $4 each. *i'm a fan. wished the cupcakes were a tad bigger since it was 4 bucks a pop.tips:*there's a few seats that allows you to hang out. *there were cupcake options but not as much as other cupcake places.*you can also do a frosting shot for a buck.*there's also mini cupcakes but it looked more like cakepops without the stick.*they have happy hour.*located in monte carlos.*cash and credit card accepted.*no restrooms.*close @ 10PM.*located across from a frozen yogurt place.
4	Go during happy hour for 25% off! Cupcakes were delicious service was so so. Ask for samples!
4	I went to Vegas this summer with the family for a basketball tournament and stayed in the Monte Carlo.  I was so excited to see The Cupcakery inside the Monte Carlo as I had already looked up a couple different cupcake bakeries in Vegas so I knew where I wanted to go.  The Cupcakery had good reviews so of course I just had to go get 1/2 dozed of them.  They were really good!  The icing to cake ratio was perfect and the cake was moist.  Lots of flavors to choose from and from 2pm-5pm all the cupcakes were 20% off for "happy hour".  I gave this the same star rating as another local cupcake bakery, Gigi's.  Both are great cupcakes but if you are an icing fan Gigi's has tons of icing.  Out of both of these places it is hard to choose which one was better so you can't go wrong with either one!
3	I don't think I would go here again. It was worth the try to eat a cookies and cream cupcake though. I'm not going to lie, the cupcake is a bit delicious, but for it's price... NO WAY!
5	Great cupcakes, friendly staff and good prices. If you want a discount, they run cupcake happy hour. Best deal ever. Get some to take back to your room, they're awesome when you're drunk or waking up hung over. If you want to make them easier to eat, make sure to grab a knife to cut them into halves or quarters
4	$4 a cupcake is a bit steep but alas, I simply had to check out this place. I had the coconut and carrot cupcakes and I enjoyed them both.
3	I absolutely LOVE cupcakes so I was excited to see that the Monte Carlo had a cupcake store in their vicinity. However, I was hugely disappointed... I don't know if it's because I set my expectations so high but I didn't enjoy it like I wanted to.Anyway, their display is cute and small. There are a few different varieties to choose from and they all look very pretty. I ended up choosing the coconut cupcake and another one with peanut butter. Both tasted OK but the cupcakes were dry. I don't know if they sat there for a while or that's just how they make it, but it was too try for me. I needed something to chug down the dryness and I was a bit disappointed because I love cupcakes.Overall, the look of the store and it's pastries are great. The taste, however, is not so great. Maybe it's just my personal preference, but I like my cupcakes moist.
4	Oh no!  I only just saw that they closed down when I decided to post long overdue pictures of one of my favorite treat spots on The Strip!At least I still have a super cutesy apron from this place to remember them by.  My favorite cupcake of theirs was the Kir Royal.  It was described as a moist raspberry cake with bubble champagne buttercream.  Every cupcake I have ever gotten from them was moist and airy.  The buttercream can get a tad on the sweeter side but it's nothing you can't fix by removing some of it off.  This place loved using the edible glitter as well.  Oh well.  I'll keep warm and fuzzy memories of The Cupcakery in my thoughts.  Farewell, old friend!
