2	I placed an online order at 1:56pm for Cheesy Bites pizza with 2 toppings.  I thought this should be easy for them to make and deliver.  My confirmation email stated that the estimated delivery would be 2:25pm.  This was going to be perfect because it would have given my children enough to eat before we had company come over.  At 2:51pm I had to call the store and ask about my order.  The person I spoke to said my order was on the way but did not ask which order I had or my name.  At about 3:00pm my pizza finally arrives from a disheveled man who looks like he left the cook line to deliver pizza.  My pizza was cold but after my wait I can't say I was surprised. By the time I ordered the pizza "deal" and paid the delivery fee and tax my single large pizza was about $16.50.  Who wants to pay that kind of price for a cold large pizza?  This kind of service reminds me why I do not order pizza often.
1	My boyfriend and I order from this pizza hut semi-often and it use to be fine for a quick mediocre snack when we were too lazy to cook, but now this place is just awful! The food has some how become even more low quality and the delivery is always late. I have probably ordered from here 20+ times in the 2 1/2 years I have lived at the same address and they still claim they are late because they cannot find my apt, nor can they call me because my area code is out of state. Tonight we gave this place one last try and they totally failed. Our food was over half an hour late, cold, and mushy. Sorry pizza hut, I would rather drive somewhere myself to get hot food and deal with people who know the definition of customer service.
1	This place has really gone to crap lately.  Sorry, I can't think of a better word to use.  The last time I ordered from here, one of my pizzas was made completely wrong.  Normally, I wouldn't care, but they didn't even put jalapenos on it.  How dare they forget the jalapenos?? That's why I order pizza.  When I called to address the issue, this was the jist of the conversation:"Hello, I was just calling because one of my pizzas was made wrong." I gave him my name and number. "Oh yeah, that really complicated order.  I'm pretty sure I made it right.  What was wrong with it?"I explained to him what was wrong (two ingredients were missing, and there were two extra ingredients that weren't ordered)"Ok.  Well it's our policy to remake it. Do you want a credit or do you want us to remake it right now?" No apology, nothing."I'd prefer it remade .""Ok, so how do you want us to make it?""Uhh, I wanted it made the way I ordered it." "I CAN'T pull up your order so you need to tell me how you want it made." After explaining how I wanted it made, he told me it'd be ready in 15 minutes.  I asked if he wanted me to bring the pizza that was made wrong, "NO, that's against our policy." *dial tone*Whatever, dude.My brother went to go pick it up and the guy was still rude to him in person. He still insisted he had made it right because he had "cut it" himself.This is an employee that is frequently at this location, and therefore I will not order from here again.  I'm not dealing with that attitude, and I don't understand how these type of people work in customer service.  Like really, you're being a douche about making pizza? Get over yourself.
1	We ordered a pizza online from here for supper, we ordered the bbq pizza to have bbq sauce, chicken, bacon, pineapple, extra cheese, and onions on half of it, with cheddar crust and bbq drizzle. It said it would be delivered in 33 minutes, 55 minutes later the delivery guy came to our house, he had a sour attitude.... our pizza was warm, not hot... and it had no sauce on the pizza.... it had the drizzle, but no sauce.. when I called to tell them they forgot the bbq sauce, the manager was not friendly at all, he sounded like my call was interupting his life.... he offered a five dollar credit for our next order.... this is very disappointing.
