1	Bad at calling back about schedule changes..or waits last minute for needing something. I had reschule 2 times with my work because of not letting me know ahead of time.
2	Spoke with the office manger she confronted me on the Yelp review. I told her the truth I shouldnt of been schdled to see the general dentist there when the Oral surgeon wouldnt be in until Oct! and they knew that befre I came in on 8-10, I should of been called befre 8-10 so I can switch offices before coming in and wasting everyones time. I hope they keep their end of the bargin since I was told 3x I will not be charged for x-rays that I dont get a bill and actually get chrged. Im happy she told me that she will take it to her higher ups to work out their issues with scheduling as it will probably help them. But my experience so far was a waste of mine time and I feel the only way they will change is if they get reviews that really work on it. The office wasnt busy when I went..whats keeping people out??
1	I have been to a number of dentists and I was not pleased by this place...they kept us waiting for over an hour, then didn't even get to finishing my husband's teeth. They said they would reschedule him for the following weekend, then cancelled and never reconfirmed his appointment! When I tried to do it for him, they wouldn't let me. So disappointed.
1	Negative 1 stars. Thieves! I should have read the reviews before scheduling an appointment at this subpar tooth factory. I had my first and last visit with Bright Now Dental in July 2012. I found their name on the list of providers on my insurance website. The location was close to home so I gave it a shot. I needed x-rays and a cleaning. I gave my insurance card to the office staff and grilled them like I was an auditor. Literally, I asked 1 million questions about my insurance coverage and clarified every question I could think of.  I was admittedly a complete pain because I know that dentists are like mechanics with their billing. I informed them that I work as a Sub Teacher and do not get paid during the summer so the cost was of upmost importance. They assured me 10 different ways that I was fully covered after a few taps of my policy number into their computer.I got my x-rays done on first visit and scheduled a cleaning on second visit. First visit I paid $184.00, including a $100.00 deductible. Still that's $84.00 for x-rays + hundreds of dollars they billed to insurance. Second visit I had my cleaning. I was already in the chair when the hygienist started giving me a run down about what we'd be doing this visit and what we'd be doing on the 2nd visit. This was the first I'd heard that their cleaning was a 2 part, 2 visit process. Needless to say I was livid. When I protested, the staff and hygienist told me the cleaning was a 2 part process, the 2nd part being the POLISHING of my teeth. They explained I was going to get my teeth partially cleaned and the polishing HAD to be done on 2nd visit. What a bunch of crap. I argued with the staff and noted that I had never in 36 years of dental visits heard of such nonsense. They blamed it on my insurance and seemed to be well scripted with a professional sounding load of garbage to say to me. The cleaning took about 7 minutes tops and was terrible. I could still see and feel all of the buildup on my teeth and the hygienist noted that the 2nd visit would make a difference. I paid another $60 something dollars when I left that visit and my insurance was again billed hundreds of dollars.A few weeks ago I started to receive messages from a "Mike" at Bright Now Dental and it turns I have a $137.00 balance. Not once in 6 months did anyone bother to inform me of this balance. It turns out they are not in my network of dentists and my insurance only paid part of the obligation. My insurance would have covered 100% of the cost had I chosen an in network dentist.So completely disappointing. Crummy service, crummy cleaning and deceptive business practices. I understand the insurance business in this country is a broken system, but as a staff member of a dental office (who probably makes $10 an hour), when someone expresses financial hardship and wants clarity before procedures are done, why on earth would you not have the integrity to simply say, "We do not accept your insurance." It's mind boggling. The hygienist who served me went through years of school and is also caught up in this garbage. I don't get it. To his credit, the dentist and I never had any conversations about any of this. Frauds. Buyer beware. Please do not visit any of Bright Now Dental offices. I'm taking this matter to the BBB.
