3	They can be a bit slow with their breakfast service here at this Wendy's, but have had no other problems getting their regular items.
1	Messed up on all three things I ordered and they didn't care, when I mentioned it.
2	Their two star review is not surprising at all. Good service and fast food is somewhat of an oxymoron, however, this is just unacceptable. I stopped in for lunch today, get away from the office for a few and have a chicken sammy, their spicy chicken sandwich is really good. 1. No greeting or smile from any single staff member. 2. There were a few people in line waiting to be helped, took a few moments, as apparently it takes three employees to read an order ticket and pour a coke. 3. It took almost 10 minutes for my turn in a line of 4 people. 4. Ever single table was a mess and chair all over the place.5. My food was practically thrown at me, and minus the sauces that I requested. 6. And I am pretty sure he sour puss behind the counter scowled at me as I rolled my eyes in disgust at what was going on. It's hard to disappoint at a fast food establishment, as I am sure we are all going in with pretty low expectations to begin with, but honestly, just a hello and smile would have made a world of difference here.
3	It's Wendy's but I have to say I love their Apple Pecan chicken salad and the new W burger.  This location appears to have all new staff and a new face lift because we have had few issues in the past couple of months.  And we are starting to get to know the employees that work the Drive-thru.  Haven't had a W burger yet?  May I suggest you try one.
1	Wendy's should NOT allow this location to operate!  I pulled up to the drive-thru tonight and a young girl on the speaker asked if I could wait.  I waited about four minutes while two cars pulled up behind me..and waited.  Finally, I ordered.  I could barely understand the girl through the speaker, but I managed.  I rolled up to the window and the girl took the orders for those behind me--very efficient, actually.  Then a rather large middle aged woman came up to the window and the girl disappeared.  I watched through the window as a middle-aged man watched french fries fry.  The transaction went well (they took my money just fine).  Then I pulled into the parking lot to eat my food--I really only treat myself to Wendy's once every month or so, but it has to be HOT.My burger was warm but dry and squished.  Oh well.  I was looking forward to my fries and I was so excited when I pulled them out of the bag to see that they were overcooked--I love my fries crispy but rarely request this.  Then I ate the first fry and spat it out--it must have been an old fry that was sitting at the side of the fryer.  Then I ate another...sure enough, the reason the fries were well done is because the man at the fryer had taken COLD OLD fries and put them back into the fryer to re-warm them!  DISGUSTING!  I threw them out.This is actually the fourth bad experience at this Wendy's location..out of four.  AVOID, AVOID, AVOID!  No doubt they're having staffing and other issues, they're DISGUSTING!  Oh, but at least my order was "correct" this time--the trick to getting your order right is to only order three items.I'm now waiting for the food poisoning to hit.  This location obviously has no idea as to how to handle food properly.
4	Decided to try the latest craze and had the bacon cheese burger pretzel sandwich. It was pretty darn good.
2	This location doesn't have the magic drink machine or even a self serve drink machine at all. Otherwise, standard Wendy's.
1	Do yourself a favor and avoid this place if you can. I stopped and I was the only one there. I should have known. Every table was dirty. Kind of disgusting actually. I ordered my meal. 8 bucks and some change. my burger was dry but better than raw I guess. My frys were burnt so bad I took them back. I waited and waited and no one noticed me. FINALLY someone helped me. By the time I got new frys my burger was almost done. This location is the old style where they still give you your drink. it needs a makeover BALDLY. THE girls who served me were nice enough... no issues there. They just need some SERIOUS help.
