5	Brand new place so it was just me and my family in there eating but oh my, AMAZING service. Owner was so very friendly and caring. Brought us comp lemonade which was to die for and I don't even like lemonade! Food was delicious and made fresh. All around a great place, defiantly worth a try!!
4	Duzan , Henderson's newest Mediterranean restaurant right next to Crepe Shack.I came across this place while pigging out on some crepes next door, the following day I decided to give it a whirl since I noticed there has not been any yelp postings. The unique thing about this place was their meats were " HALAL" or should we say kosher ( Blessed meet) and they also offered  Mediterranean tapas, which was rare for a Mediterranean place to have, from what I have experienced.For all you Vegans and Vegetarians they have a pretty good selection. I did the Tapas buy 5 get 1 free the tapas were about $2.79 each. Being 80% veggies I ordered the Tabbouleh salad ( vegan), Fattoush salad ( vegan), Taziki Sauce, Hummus ( you can choose the flavor you want i chose garlic), Grape leaves ( vegetarian), and I ordered the lamb shawarma.Everything I ordered was delicious and was very flavorful, I really loved the grape leaves and the tabbouleh salad. The lamb shawarma was okay the meat was a bit dry but still okay. They bake everything fresh at the place, their Baklavas were to die for, It was not to sweet it was perfect! They also offered other middle eastern pastries and breads. Their menu options was great I will definitely go back to try their meat platters next time. Overall, I had an awesome experience at this place and I look forward to going back!
4	My mom and I stumbled upon this new restaurant today.  I always love trying Mediterranean places.  We had the Chicken Schnitzel, veggie combo dish and kibbeh balls.  We also had their baklavah.  Baklavah was awesome, their hummus was great too.  Will go back so I can try a few other dishes there.  The manager/owner Ab was real nice and receptive and helpful.
4	The service was amazing. The owner was extremely kind and welcoming. The food was freshly made and delicious. I would highly recommend anyone to give it a go.
5	What a wonderful heathy option close to home! The owners get 5 stars alone! They are so incredibly warm and inviting. I was so impressed not only in their passion but the focus on quality. I swear they had me try at least 4 things while I was deciding what to order. They do as much in house as they can, from pickling their own vegetables, fresh pita, sauces, and baked goods. They focus on healthy high quality food, and the prices are ore than fair. I can not wait to go back!
5	I came here a few nights ago in search to try out my first Mediterranean restaurant and was glad I did my research.  Duzan had opened just a few days earlier and  Amer, was extremely friendly.  They were scheduled to close at 8pm but stayed open for us to enjoy the quality food and time.  Some people even walked in after we left and they stayed open for them. Service: 10They treat everyone equally and let each person take their time. Food: 9Only reason it's not a 10 is because I don't know what to compare it to but I'll definitely be back to Duzan.  I'd like I try out their original location, Amena Cafe & Bakery.I'm getting hungry... Thank you Amer!
5	Kunaffe!!!! Finally somewhere local to fill my random Mediterranean food and dessert cravings. Excellent food, everything is made fresh. Service is spectacular. Only thing I didn't like was the grape leaves. Sorry Duzan, nothing compares to my grandmother's. :0)Get the lemonade. And the pita. And the kunaffe.
5	Why 5 stars from someone like me who is quite critical of quality etc? Because when EVERYTHING that is served is done just right, with the right ingredients and the right balance of tastes/flavors and textures it deserves 5 stars!!!The couscous made by one of the owners themselves is absolutely AMAZING! Superb!!Hummas (as they spell it) was perfect!The Shish Kabab combined with Turkish salad was a combination made in culinary heaven!I also tried their mint tea, home made mint lemonade, Kibeh ( which actually had pine nuts in the ground meat as it should), baklava, Syrian walnut cookie and Chocolate Quickers (not too sweet at all).This place is owned by two partners one is from Israel the other is Moroccan. The food is made like it is made in their native homes. They have their own bakery so the deserts, bread, pita etc are all FRESH and of great quality.This place is a MUST TRY! WILL LOVE FOR SURE! :)
5	First visit and very impressed.  Excellent quality and personable service. Clean, modern interior. An excellent addition to Henderson. Both owners took the time to come by our table and introduce themselves and ask how we liked the food.  Good portions and the quality is obvious.  We will be back many times.  Check this one out!
5	Very impressed and finally some great Mediterranean food on Eastern! The best falafels!! Great chicken and beef shawarma! Will definitely come again and recommend!
5	The food was extremely fresh and absolutely delicious.  The stuffed eggplant was presented beautifully and exquisite taste.
5	So delete any other Mediterranean book marks off your list in this area, this is the only one you need.  As others said this is connected to the amena restaurant on obannan, which I was always sad was so far away.  Now I can stop in here for yummy food before my weekly trip to trader Jo's since its on the same parking lot.  I got the veggie combo plate and I have to say the falafal was executed even better at this location. The best falafel of my life.  Crunchy on the outside, not to dense , moist on the inside, not to greasy, and flavorful.  The babganoush is lovely and fresh and Smokey, dolmas have a really rich satisfying flavor.  I always love getting the lemonade with mint.  They blend in the mint and ice and it's nice and frothy, not to sweet , super refreshing.  My boyfriend got a combo and they were so wonderful and replaced the falafel out so he could try all the meat types since he's such a carnivore lol all very moist shwarma meats and flavorful.  He even ate all of his salad which never happens.  They bake the pita bread fresh so it's always delish, and they also have a case of food to go of many of their items.  The desserts are to die for, just the right balance.  To often lately I have been given baklavas that have been so dry and lacking in soul, these are perfection, along with one dessert filled with a firm cheese, and another that looks like it has crispy noodly phillo dough.  In addition the owners and workers just like at the amen location, are wonderful people. Such great service, and food from the heart. You must support this local business!
5	This place is amazing. Some of the best food in the area and the owners really know the meaning of service. Falafel is crisp and light,  the lentil soup is extraordinary, the made to order hummus is creamy and delicious, and the pita bread is baked freshly every day. They even make an awesome homemade lemonade. Everything I've had so far has been wonderful and is also very healthy. On top of all that, Ab gave me spices from his kitchen one afternoon for a head cold tea!What an awesome place. We've started eating there several times a week.
5	I made a Yelp account just for this restaurant.My parents and I came in Friday night for dinner. The owner was very friendly and helpful with the menu.I ordered the falafel plate. The falafels were really light and the salad also had a light dressing. Very yummy!My mom got the special which was a stuffed bell pepper. She basically licked the plate clean! My dad got the shish tauok. I will be ordering this the next time! The chicken was moist and flavorful. So good.Aside from the entrees, we ordered kibbehs, tabbouleh and hummus. The owner gave us some spicy pickles, olives, hot sauce and let us sample the lentils and rice. I need more of that in my life, LoL.Overall, we had a great dinner and will be back soon!
4	Just had dinner here.  Ordered the special combo plate of falafel, chicken and beef shawarma with salad, humus, and pita. Very good authentic taste.  The owner is a very kind man who takes the time to treat his guests well. Even got complimentary  baklava for dessert which was excellent. A bit pricy but worth it and the best mediterrenean food in the area. Will be back.
5	My boyfriends family and I heard really great things about this place . They definitely lived up to their reviews , the restaurant is very clean and has a very welcoming vibe . The owner was so kind he gave us a run down of the menu , I ordered the gyro and he made it so delicious I love spicy and the hot sauce was on point ! My boyfriends mother ordered the lentil  and rice dish and she really liked it everyone loved their dishes . Definitely recommend this place to try it out , good food and very nice staff THank you !
5	Now THIS is a restaurant Las Vegas needs more of.  Warm, welcoming owners.  Softly-colored decor.  Clean and roomy.  Quiet music.  It was a relief to enter a place that didn't have TVs blaring sports, congested floor space, overworked indifferent waitstaff, and tacky uncomfortable decor.And the food...MARVELOUS!  On my first visit, I chose the vegetarian tapas platter.  While waiting for my order to take home, Aab (my apologies if I've misspelled his name) gave me a sample of the vegetable soup and walnut baklava.  The veggies were fresh and crisp; the broth fresh and lightly seasoned.  The baklava was flaky and had just enough sweetness, not drowned in honey like most baklava.  My food was packaged with care.  Everything was delicious and -- can't say it enough -- FRESH.  Most  Mediterranean restaurants make baba ganoush like chunky wallpaper paste and falafel like over-seasoned burnt rocks.  But Duzan's was smooth as silk.  The falafel was crispy with a moist interior (didn't crumble apart in my hand!). Do yourself a favor and take your family to this restaurant.  Or get lunch with your coworkers.  Or just stop in and chat over coffee and homemade pastries (the chocolate quickens go QUICK, I'm told).
5	This is the best Mediterranean food I've had in the U.S.!!  Everything is amazing.  Try the eggplant salsa, the falafel, the homemade lemonade and the baklava.  What a great new gem in Henderson!
5	Probably the best Mediterranean food spot I've been to in Vegas. Having previously lived in the Middle East, I'm quite familiar with Mediterranean/Arabic food. This place definitely took me back home. Their hummus with lamb is delicious. Another one I really enjoyed were the grape leaves, and the mint lemonade! Everything is made fresh, including the drinks. Definitely give this place a try. The owners are very accommodating and friendly. Enjoyed my visit here!
5	This restaurant is so customer-oriented..I'm amazed with the service and the warm welcome of Ab & Amir. I ordered the Shish Taouk (skewer chicken) and it was very delicious. Make sure to order the grape leaves warm, they're divine! All the different dishes, sides, and even the drinks are freshly made. Definitely give their fresh lemonade with mint a try, it won't disappoint. Ab was very kind and gave us complimentary hot tea and a taste of their baklava. Overall, very, very pleased with everything from this restaurant, I will be coming back for sure!
5	The food was amazing and the service was superb. Would definitely recommend. The baklava was my favorite of course.
5	Yum! They have a lot of vegan and vegetarian options. The staff are very helpful and the service is great. Loved their falafel and lentil soup. I'll definitely be back!
5	Food was outstanding and the staff was very friendly. Homemade pita bread and a Mediterranean style lemonade made for a delicious lunch.
2	I did not care for this place at all not because of the atmosphere which was good, but the food was terrible and over complicated.  I ordered the gyro and instead of putting even a light portion of meat on it they literally took every kind of vegetable, herb, pickel you name it and threw it in a pita. I left with confused taste buds and paid a higher price than most other Mediterranean grills in the area.
5	I think I've found a new favorite restaurant! The food is very fresh and flavorful, atmosphere is quiet and clean, service is outstanding... the owner is so welcoming that it felt more like I was dining at his home than a restaurant! A1!
4	This place is so nice. The owners are professional and friendly. The atmosphere is nice, there is a lot of elbow room. I ordered a salad and some hummus. Yummy. Everything was fresh. Not sure how the portions are , depends on appetite I guess but they didn't look skimpy to me. The bread was amazing!!! Seriously bread and carb addicts consider yourself warned! It could be a bit pricey just for lunch for some people, too bad they don't have a few cheap lunch specials to choose from. But it isn't overpriced either. Good quality ,healthier food choices too. ( Next I am going to try the soup!)
5	I recently stopped in w/ my triplets for a quick bite of hummos and pita and loved every bit of our visit. The service and food was amazing. I had to go back two days later for more and was greeted w/ such friendly people and more amazing food and samples. Thank you! We're so happy to have found you! !
5	Finally an authentic Mediterranean food in town  amazing food amazing service to say the least
5	The food here was extraordinary. The Shish Taouk blew my mind, as did the pita bread and hummus. As far as the service goes, the crew was very friendly and kind.. Also, the exterior was amazing, and the interior was just a good; the restaurant (bathroom and all) were very clean. I wouldn't mind coming back another day. I suggest this restaurant all the way :)
5	Everything I had was good, but what makes this place a 5 star was the owner. He was very nice and gave us a small sample of soup and dessert to try since it was our first time. I love family run joints like this, especially when the owner is highly involved in daily operations. I plan to return.
4	Big fan of mediterranean foods, and this will be a new favorite.Super nice service, very fresh food.  Apparently they bake all breads and deserts at this and their other location.  I can say everything tasted extremely fresh.Soup, appetizers,  kebabs, and a few other items were all super tasty.  I did find that I needed to add a bit of salt to a few items for all the flavor to come out.  This is not a bad thing as lots of folks like less salt, and way too much can destroy a good flavor. Its a mix of a few different ethnic foods really.  Some dishes were Israeli, others were more Lebanese styles and then to see shnitzel on the menu was interesting.  Anyway - its a cross between a full sit down restaurant and quick service.  Not a fancy restaurant setting, but not 5 min or less for your food.  Be prepared to watch as your meal is cooked.Will absolutely go back for more.
4	This little gem opened up a few month ago and it is run by the same people that have owned the Amena Cafe on Sahara near O'Bannon St. We started with the hummus "tapas" (their tapas are not the Spanish variety of small servings of various culinary concoctions but dippings for pita bread which can be ordered as whole wheat or regular). The pita was nice and warm and the hummus rich and flavorful. The Open Face Eggplant was huge mound of food with many different tastes and could have used a touch more tahini (on the side would have been better) but was freshly made and very good. There was more than enough for two meals. I had never had Shawarma before so I order the chicken and beef in the Combo Special. The chicken was spicy and the "Halal" beef was tender and spiced perfectly. The only thing one might want to know is that if you are not into spicy foods tell the staff and the chef will back off on the spices. This is important if you have children or people who don't normally eat spicy foods.  If this is not a concern then have at their offers freely.  The dessert was magnificent...an order of Bakalava was heavenly and the Kunaffe with goat cheese was out-of-this world!!  We had more than enough to take home for another meal.  The decor needs work to give this place a more intimate atmosphere as it was a pizza joint for many years but don't let that stop you from going in. The chairs are not the standard plastic or wood bottoms and it wouldn't take much to get this place a little more elegant. In the meantime go and see Amer and get a taste sensation fix...tell him Nick sent you!
5	Thank you, Amer, for a wonderful meal.  My husband and I enjoyed the fresh, delicious food.  If anyone is looking for a positive dining experience, eat at Duzan.
5	This place is awesome and the people are SO nice!  The best Mediterranean food in Henderson and our new favorite lunch spot.  Falafel is great and the desserts are fresh! My favorite is the lemonade with mint! YUM!
5	Authentic tasty Mediterranean food.  One of the best middle eastern foods I've had in Henderson.  Fresh baklava and a great lemonade!
5	Wow! This restaurant is absolutely incredible! I came in on a Thursday night and it wasn't super packed, Senator Harry Reid had just came in with his wife to eat. One of the owners was so amazing and I had some of the best service. I split the Combo Special and the food was so good, but did have a lot of food. We got complimentary drinks and dessert on the house and THE PITA BREAD WAS UNBELIEVABLE! It's house made and cannot be missed. Definitely coming back for more!!!
5	I visited the cafe with my friends! Everything was delicious! And we left glad and satisfied
5	Ab is a great host!!! Had the chicken shwarma plate, it was excellent. Everything is super fresh.  I've tried a few Mediterranean in Vegas since I've moved here, and Duzan is by FAR the best. Great atmosphere,  reasonable price. This is definitely going to be one of my new spots.
5	I had the chicken kabob and it was excellent. The service was wonderful. Overall, great experience!
5	This is one of the best finds out there!  Ab is an amazing host that makes you feel at home and recommends the perfect dish every time. The kibbeh balls are awesome, the hand made lemonade with spearmint is to die for. Honestly, whatever you choose you will not be disappointed. Try them out once, and all you will do is crave their food till the next time you go in!  I highly recommend this place and will be back often.
5	The food here was amazing. You can tell that everything was made with fresh ingredients, and had a very authentic homemade taste. There were no heavy oils or processed flavors. Definitely 5 stars and highly recommended!! :)
5	The food was great. Best falafel in town. The pita bread is also amazing. Can't wait to come back and try everything else on the menu.
