3	Two Hippies Dropped Out of College and Opened Up a Pizzaria, whew what a name eh? Well it's finally open and looks to be promising with only a few things to work out. Ill keep this one short and sweet without doing a disservice to the Hippies.  First off there is NO place to eat here, its carry away only. We were actually going to have a few friends meet us up there but changed our minds after finding this out. Knowing this we still made the drive to Phoenix from Scottsdale to check it out, with mixed results though it is there second day. A killer thing about this place is the pricing. The 12" pizzas are $7 for either paper thin or hand tossed. If you don't specify, you get the hand tossed. They also have loads of different kinds of wings, $6 for a dozen. So many that its pretty hard to make a choice though we went with the Spicy BBQ and the Garlic Parmesan. The wings here are killer and worth ordering again! Sauced up nice and sloppy and perfectly tender, way to go!! Plus you also get a ton of carrots and ranch dressing. I can go on and on about the wings but this is after all a pizza place.Okay, I'm not a fan of the pizza, well, not yet anyway. I have to cut them some slack since they just opened and might be still working out sourcing and such. We ordered 2 pizza's, the Sausage as well as the Cheeseburger. For $7 these are quite hefty and have ample toppings. The Two Hippies never skimp on ingredients! The bummer was that the sausage tasted right out of a bag, this is where the price point finally factors in. I would have preferred a better quality sausage, this stuff tasted much like the same stuff Papa John's might use, not good. The other problem is that the sauce was just tomato sauce and lacked any sort seasoning, including salt. The Cheeseburger suffered from the lack of seasoning as well though it was surly piled high with cheese, fresh tomatoes and ground beef. The crust was tender but for me, pizza crust should be chewy and crispy, this was neither. Maybe just a preference and I'm out of line. All in all I like the new Two Hippies pizzeria, though my feeling right now that it's just ordinary and not much different from a chain. Ill be sure to go back in a week or 2 to see how they are doing. Id imagine that they will be just fine!PS.. the Pizzaria spelling isnt an error.. hmmm..
5	What will they think of next!? Two hippies franchises have been popping everywhere the past year. From tacos, burgers, pizza and soon breakfest. Had the chance to experience their pizza today! Amazing, ordered a 12in thick crust surpreme. When I opened the pizza box I had to remind my self that I only spent 7$ dollars. It is a carry out only location. Has everything from pizza, wings, subs chips and their awesome fresh made lemonades! Also for desert they have their  awesome brownies (ha ha). They had a lunch deal for one pizza slice with a small salad and drink for only 4.50$. Friendly service !!One thing to keep in mind "Cash Only"! There is a ATM inside.
2	NO CARDS ACCEPTED. CASH ONLY. ATM INSIDE FOR $1.50 FEE.--no seating, pickup only; call in your order ahead of time--wings are huge and meaty but nothing special;--out of 17 sauces, when I said "try to kill me" and he said "suicide" will be the one for you. I was excited but the heat barely piqued.--owner's brother ran the long wong's which used to be in this spot? Bait and switch or just a rename?--steak and provolone hoagie was probably better eaten while standing there; doesn't travel well--pepperoni hand tossed serves two and loaded with cheese. Meh.
1	two Hippies Dropped Out of College and Opened Up a Pizzaria?  Maybe they should have stayed in school.Underpriced and tasteless.  Just want I DON'T want, a bargain on tasteless pizza.  Half of these pizzas are just stupid.  A pizza with russian dressing?  Really?  Let's see if this flies.  I say: Yikes.STAY AWAY.
1	Well I must start by saying that I LOVE Two Hippies Tacos but their pizza is awful. We tried both pizza crusts and did not enjoy either. The sauce is awful too, you can only taste bell peppers. They do offer some interesting topping combination's though. We will not return even though it is around the corner from our house. Come on Hippies, I know you can do better than this.
3	I was so happy to see someone move into that weird little spot on 7th Ave.  I like D'licious Dishes but have always wondered about that massage parlor :-(  I didn't like Uncle Tom's Chicken - and not just because of the name.  I really didn't like Long Wong's there... the pizza was terrible.  Today Two Hippies had a great $5 special for a turkey and cheese sub with potato salad.  Really good potato salad and pretty good sandwich - a lot of bread though and the description did not tell us that it was a hot sandwich.  We also got an order of fried zucchini that was ok - just ok.  Honestly, Carl's Jr. has better fried zucchini.  So, next time I will try the pizza.  My neighbors did like the pizza and I am more than happy to enjoy a neighborhood joint.
5	What's with all the negative reviews? We loved this place! We took our two little ones with us and hung out outside while we waited for our food. Of course we received the best customer service ever, it IS Two Hippies, after all... We ordered a $7 greek pizza (what a STEAL!) and the same priced pepperoni for the kiddos. The Greek pizza was A-mazing. Toppings galore with no skimping on the chicken. And the kids loved the pepperoni pizza. Will definitely make this a regular stop, it definitely beats Little Caesars! Can't wait for the Breakfast Joint to open!Okay, so I thought I should update my review since I have tried so much more of the menu now.*Pepperoni - always a classic, tastes great*Chinese - surprisingly good, crunchy (i didn't expect that!) *Greek - still my fave.*Cheeseburger - k, i didn't think I'd like this one but I really did. I wouldn't have expected to like the pickle. But it actually tasted really good, there was only one on the slice I had and I didn't expect it.*Feta and Bacon - YUM! ok, i need to try the greek again, this one might be my new fave. The feta is so good on the pizza.. and bacon.. yumSo they have won me over 100% I can't wait to try the mediteranean!Oh, and one more thing to those people who keep complaining about the 1.50 atm fee.. they don't charge tax.. so don't you think that makes up for it?? Or you could.. just bring cash! C'mon people, super cheap, tastes great, no tax.. does anything make you happy?!
2	pros-close to my house-good, inexpensive pizzacons-only takes cash-atm with a $1.50 fee-to go only-meat on mediterrean pizza was kind of tough and chewy-does not serve iced teaI do like the Two Hippies chains, although I have not eaten at the burger or breakfast place. My problem with these places is that they don't take cash and I rarely carry cash. I'm not gonna go out of my way to stop at an ATM, I'm gonna go somewhere else that takes a debit card. Also I'm not one for canned sodas and sugary drinks and Two Hippies does not serve fresh brewed iced tea and I feel like I'm getting ripped off if I pay for bottled water when I can get water at home for free. If they would tweak a couple of things I would frequent the Two Hippies chains more often.
4	Went here today for the first time... like their other locations, they only accept cash :( BUT we ordered a greek thin pizza and a dozen hot wings.  I'm not normally a fan of wings but these were really good. My fiance, who is a huge wing eater, also loved these.  The pizza I wasn't too crazy about because the "thin crust" is really just a TORTILLA!!! They were not skimpy with the toppings at all, but really? A tortilla? I'm looking forward to trying the regular crust... hopefully it will be real pizza! Definitely worth it just for the wings though! And 6 bucks for a dozen, you can't beat that! There is no dining room, so take it home folks! ***EDIT*** Just tried the regular crust pizza... MUCH better. Especially for the price, you can't beat it.
1	I had eaten at this joint previously when it was Long Wong's and the girl behind the counter copped to the dough being frozen and back then you could see the conveyor belt pizza oven. Nothing has changed except maybe the sauce and the addition of the so-called "paper thin" style as well as the now available pizzas other than pepperoni.The "paper thin" pizza is "paper thin" because it's a tortilla. When I looked at it initially I thought they had done a great job making an extraordinarilly thin pizza. Upon my first bite I thought to myself: cheesecrisp. After that I picked up the pizza to check the upskirt, as many pizza people call it, and knew for sure it was a tortilla.I'll give you the fact that their sauce is interesting but it's not good in fact far from it. Me and my wife came to the conclusion that it's some sort of canned stewed tomato type thing.Overall I'd say the two hippies have made a mockery of pizza and should have stayed in school. If this is a testament to the quality of their food then I won't be enjoying any of their other establishments.
3	After reading all the reviews about this place I thought I would give it a try! Two things I'd like to point out that makes this place worth a try (to anyone) is both the price and the atmosphere. While you cannot dine in, for fellow locals who are A-type personality or really just on the go, this place is key. The lady behind the counter was very friendly and helpful, offering many different condiments, etc. to heighten the meal.In terms of the food, my girlfriend and I ordered just a regular cheese pizza topped with bell peppers as well as medium wings. Both the pizza and wings were okay. Nothing to write home about, but for the price you really can't beat that--not to mention it is much better than greasy fast food and not much more expensive than that. So, after walking away with a 13 dollar meal, I feel it was well worth it for the price and cute decor--will definitely try again.P.S.--they do serve iced tea here and it appeared to be freshly brewed. I had previously read they only serve canned sodas at this chain but they must have since fixed that or it was overseen.
4	If there is one thing the common American schlub can do well, it's gripe, whine, and nitpick about the smallest of inconveniences. I think this place is great, especially for what they charge. They are one of a kind. One of the few pizza joints that actually uses plenty of cheese and doesn't price gauge its customers with every topping. Instead of squabbling with friends over who likes what on a shared pizza, the pizza is cheap enough that everyone can get their own lavish variety. For $7 a pie, I am not going to rip it apart over a $1.50 ATM fee, lack of my personal favorite drink, and no sitting room. From the sound of many of these reviewers, I am going to count my blessings that there is minimal room to mix company. Unless it is a matter of quality, cleanliness, prices, or service, these trivial setbacks in one's day are not a reason to give a bad review. I am not noticing any of these as being most people's problem. The service and friendliness at all Two Hippies joints are exceptional by far. If you want cheap, crap food for your $1.50 with full capacity seating, then head to McDonalds and sit in their Playland and poison all five of your senses at once. At least they accept debit by God! To tell you the truth, due to their unfortunate choice of a name, I refused to try these guys until my boss tricked me by hiding the box. It was so amazing I got over it and have tried every one of their shops and been pretty impressed.  That name is my only complaint. They've won me over.
4	The wings are huuuuuge!  The spicy ranch sauce we chose is delish.  If you are a fan of REAL buffalo wings, then you will appreciate these monsters.The pizza was ok.  The crust was crunchy and tasty and there was probably a pound of toppings on the small thing.  Absolute heavenly dessert in the magic brownie.  I still can't believe we had pizza, wings, 2 drinks, and a brownie for less than $20.  I definitely don't see myself craving the pizza, but I've been dreaming about the wings ever since.  It really doesn't bother me to stop at my bank's atm beforehand or eat on the table outside or in the comfort of my home.  But that's because the food is worth it and I'm not high maintenance.
5	First off, you have to know what you're getting. So the five star rating here is not a "oh my god this is great gourmet french food" five star rating. It's a "that was damn good pizza served to me by super friendly individuals at an incredibly low price" five stars. We actually consumed our damn good pizza on premises at one of the three little tables they have. The boys working were very sweet to me and my family and went out of their way to make sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed. There was Mad Max playing on the TV, which occupied my husband and daughter for a while. And for a cheap family meal out I'd pick this place over Sauce any time. No booze, but the place next store sells package 6 packs. The only mildly uncomfortable thing about the experience was the strong wind from the AC over the table. When one of our guests mentioned it, one of the kids working got up on a stool and fashioned a little gizmo out of a pizza box that directed the air away from her. Now that's service.
4	Excellent value. The food is not awesome, but GOOD and at a seriously good price. I'm a big fan of lots of pizza sauce, which you don't  get here, but everything is still pretty dang good. Had the Reuben pizza last time which was unique and tasty.
3	Two hippies is great about giving large portions for a small amount of money.  Pizza's are $7 each, and they are plenty for two people.  My first experience here was pretty mediocre. The first time husband and I ordered the greek pizza and the buffalo chicken pizza. The bufalo pizza was good, maybe a bit spicy for a pizza.  The greek pizza was alright, but the gyro meat was very difficult to chew, and had a ton of fat on it.  We probably would not have tried this place again, except that I live about a block away.Nevertheless, I am pretty glad that we tried it again!  The second time around, we tried an order of wings, and the barbecue chicken pizza with the cracker-thin crust.  This pizza was delicious, and the cracker thin crust is excellent.  The wings were alright, they were large and tasty, but I probably would not order them again.  We ordered half a dozen garlic parmesan, and half a dozen teriyaki.  The garlic parmesan wings were extremely greasy, but the teriyaki wings were nice.  All in all, I would recommend this place for the cheap pizza with cracker-thin crust, particularly the barbecue chicken!
4	Although i live less than a 5 minute walk from this 7th ave. location, I had shied away from this restaurant due to the so-so reviews here on yelp.  It was difficult to pass up the always awesome D'liscious Dishes, which is next door, but I decided to try it anyway.  I had the Jalapeno Burger, and i was very pleasantly surprised... it was fantastic!   It also came with fries, which were hot and fresh... also very good.  My wife and I shared a dozen hot wings, which were a bit too saucy for me.  The flavor was above average, i thought, but I won't be ordering them again due to the over-saucing. Seating is limited here, so i would avoid this place during busy hours, or plan on taking your order to go.  They don't have fountain drinks; only cans and 2-liter bottles.  Otherwise, the service was quite good and food came out promptly and hot.  i will return, but I'm still weary of the pizza.  Maybe I'll give that a shot sometime and report back with another review.  So far, four solid stars.
4	Well, I tried the pizza.  I'm sorry to report that it was not good.  a friend described it as "cafeteria pizza" which summed it up pretty well.  I will not take away any stars from my review at this point because the service and other things I have tried here are very good.
5	I have been to the other hippie places and thought the food was pretty good. I heard of the pizzaria through the taco shop on camelback and thought id give it a try. Im glad I did cuz this place is great. I generally only write reviews if I really feel like its worth my time, and it is. I had a mushroom burger and fries that were cooked to perfection. Zero pink, just how I like it! My boyfriend had a personal size pizza and told me it was great...seeingas how he is the pickiest eater in the world, I believes him. The owner is sooo nice and very attentive to his customers' needs, he seemed to know most of them by name and had simple conversations with everyone who walked in. the food was so well priced, I gave him a tip because I felt like he undercharged me. After we were through eating, he picked up our "dishes" and offered us a little desert on the house. The place is awesome. Try it!
2	I wanted to be a fan of the food at this place because the two guys that were running the place were so friendly.I ordered two pizzas, one was a Cheeseburger Pizza, and the other was a PB&J with Bananas.The crust was thin, which is always nice, but this was about as thin as a Lavosh and had a very low quality taste to it.The sauce, and ground beef tasted like something I would expect to find in a school cafeteria. I would imagine that they just use very low quality, frozen and canned ingredients. I added some dill pickle slices and ketchup to the pizza when I took it home, and it tasted a little better, but I still wasn't impressed by it and won't be eating there again.The PB&J Pizza was actually good. It went very well with the crust. The Pizzas are so inexpensive because there really isn't much to them. A pizza from this place would be suitable for one person due to the lack of ingredients and the thickness of the crust.I ordered some hot wings, and I think that they used the standard Franks Red Sauce. They weren't too bad, but they don't even come close to the Armadillo Gold Wings at Armadillo Grill.I will give the wings another shot since my good friend Maribeth wrote a review and said that she loved them. :)Pizza here definitely deserves a thumbs down all the way around. Their pizza looks good on paper, but they need to scratch their crust and ingredient suppliers and come up with ingredients and recipes of a higher standard, even if it means raising their prices a few dollars.A good product will sell itself. A crappy product will eventually put a place out of business, it's just a slow road to failure. I hope that they take constructive criticisms well and dust themselves off and try again!Cheers! :)
4	I'm a total foodie, and portion size is the best way to win me over (that's what she said). Even if the food is just mediocre, but the restaurant serves a ton of it I'm happy as a clam. Two Hippies Pizza has BOTH good-sized portions AND delicious tasting food, so I'm in hog heaven. Splitting the $12.99 pizza and wings deal, my romantic interest and I got the burchetta pizza and 12 BBQ wings. We also got two of the lemonade slushies (they are ALWAYS out of the good flavors), delicious as always. The burchetta pizza is fantastic, but be sure you have gum for afterwards because the resulting garlic breath is enough to end the Twilight franchise for good. The wings were a little too saucy for my liking but still tasted very good. Make sure to bring some sort of wet wipe to clean yourself up afterwards because they don't even have a bathroom for handwashing. The food was good, but the service was fantastic! The staff was so friendly and helpful at all points of the meal process. They even let us use their  hand sanitizer and paper towels to clean up afterwards. My romantic interest got enough BBQ sauce around his mouth and on his face to resemble Edward Cullen fresh from the kill. In fact, I'm not sure what is worse: his face or that I know enough about Twilight to make these references. TL;DR The prices, food, and portions are good, but the staff is great!
2	So sad.  We have always had good experiences here.  Tonight bad.  Perhaps it was the delivery.  The pizza's came cold and totally soggy.  For a thin crust pizza, soggy is the worst.  I had to roll mine into a taco shape to eat it. Way too salty too.  We ordered 3 different pizza's and the menu changed since our last order and the white pizza is NOT white anymore.  Can you call it White if it's not white? The kids were screaming and scared of the pizza because of the red and green things on it.  I just wanted a simple dinner and it was terrible.  Called the place, they offered to make another pizza and get is here in 10 minutes. It's been more than 10 minutes and it is still not here. They were very accommodating but for delivery pizza, I need it here when they say it will be here and I need it hot and crispy - not cold and soggy.  You are better off getting it to go and picking it up or eating there.  Perhaps it was just a bad night...
4	Hurray for another pizza place I can go to when I actually have a craving (which is rare). And... boo for it taking way too long to try this joint out. Sad face.The menu is much larger than I expected and has plenty of tomato free items to make me happy. I called in a to go order one day getting a chicken ranch pizza which no tomato and an order of fried zucchini, which, by the way, is an EPIC WIN WIN Win Win win win win win....I get there and the place is as bright as my personality. I was super in love with how fun it was! Total hippie vibe, laid back.. great place. My food was ready quickly. I was also surprised to hear you can pay with a credit card, which according to previous reviews, was not an option. In case you missed that...You can now pay with a credit card.I couldn't help but grab a blood orange slushie on the way out and I think I had it devoured by the time I got home to eat my dinner, which was fabulous. I'll be back.. and hopefully next time I have enough time to hang out there, eat, and chat with the staff. It look like that would be a blast!!
2	No slices on the weekends, which was a bummer because I was by myself and didn't need a whole pie.My buffalo steak sandwich, while a great concept (buffalo sauce on a cheesesteak) was salty and not what I expected. I think it might have even been gyro meat aka lamb on there and not beef. Anyhow, it was too salty and I drank a gallon of water an hour later and still feel thirsty. As you're reading this years later, I'm still thirsty.I applaud a local business and it's a fun looking place, but I hope the 'za is much better than the sandwiches. Someone did ask me how my meal was while I was there, so maybe this means they're tweaking the menu?I'll come back again and see if things taste better.
3	This is a pretty good lunch spot. The pizza's are sized for one hungry person or most likely for two. The pricing seems very good as one of these goes for $7-9 and the available selections will cover any pizza needs. Nothing incredible but definitely made to order and fresh. The crust seemed to be a pre-manufactured, it did not have the knockout taste and texture that really help to make a great pie. The service was definitely a great point, we had a Yelp promotion for a free cannoli and they whole table was treated! I do not doubt my coworkers and I will be back from time to time when we get a pizza craving at lunch.
1	Absolutely disgusting unless you like Totino's Pizza. Pretty sure the Italian Sausage was cat food.
4	Man, they have great pizza, especially the thin crust! Same with the wings. Definitely try this place!
5	First of all everyone that gave a bad review were probably just fat asses. My boyfriend and I ordered a pizza,12 wings and cokes. For 17 bucks! You can't beat that! Food was super yummy! I ordered the spicy ranch wings and the garlic parmesan wings. Omfg! Bomb!!! Thin crust pizza with spinach and chicken on one side and bacon feta on the other. We were both stuffed plus we got free canoli's Perfect! There is certainly enough room to sit and eat. The guys there are amazing, I love this place. Its the only place I go when I crave pizza.
4	This hip little pizza joint has me coming me for some great eats.  The interior is "interesting" but I do enjoy looking around while waiting for my order.  On more than one occasion, I've ordered the White Pizza and some yummy fried mushrooms.It's a bit warm during the Summer to eat inside the restaurant but during fall , it's nice to hang out and enjoy the scene.  Last time I was there, a adorable kid was playing the uke and singing.  That put a smile on my face.
5	Two hippies, your brightly colored insides make me want to fight The Man, but your pizza makes me wish you'd call The Man and set up a proper fresh ingredient exchange before we take him down. This review, in all its five star glory, is for everything on the menu but the pizza.Wings are gigantic and look like they came off some sort of mech-sized chicken monster. They absolutely drown them in sauce, which is so right. My favorite are the medium wings and the ranch sauce wings. Pasta is out of this world. Drop everything right now unless you're holding an infant - you want the lobster ravioli. Note, you must actually like lobster. The sauce is creamy, basily, parmesany, and delicious. The garlic bread that came with it was silly and messy, and the salad they include is a green afterthought. Cannolis are sweet and crunchy with the perfect softness and infused with that oh-so-gentle lemon flavor that pairs well with the chocolate. Which brings us to the pizza. I was excited, nay, invigorated when I saw your bold decision to put french fries right on top of a pizza. When you topped it with hot dogs, I felt my heart skip a beat in anticipation of struggling to beat later.But alas... The pizza is topped with canned veggies and loveless toppings. It tasted and made me think of food from a school lunch. If you insist on the pizza, I'm guessing you should keep it simple. Their adventurous pizzas are all talk.
3	Had good pizza here and food was good but what took a few stars off was the person that took my order was completely clueless couldn't even tell me my total and when he did the delivery guy told me a different total not to mention he said next time tell me ur appt is in the back very rudley.
1	Love supporting local businesses and I'm not a fussy eater but I've had better frozen pizzas that weren't burned. Crust was horrible and the vege toppings came from a can. I really don't understand how this place stays in business....
1	small pizza, out of a dozen wings no dings! website said pizza was $7, dozen wings $6. get there and they are now $1.00 more each!
5	Fantactic food! And Anthony, the owner, is the man!
5	Freakin awesome, good size wings. Fair prices. Shared a "mini bucket" with 5 people a took a good size box home. Add some micro brews and this would be heaven.
1	I know the hippies are incredibly successful by taking just a kinda unique marketing (branding) but from what I can tell they have a consistent product  even with different genre and what must at least be a genuine attitude of concern for the customers wants and thoughts. Having said that I don't think telling a customer that we raised out prices by almost 20% nearly two months ago like I'm the idiot for reading there menu oh well no big deal check comes to right at fourteen dollars apx when I'm then informed has to be fifteen for delivery.........you get the point I think
1	I am passing through town and staying with a family member for the holidays- us travelers, tired of holiday food, craving pizza, call Two Hippies for a Brushetta, a marghertia type pizza. Yay! Yum! No meat, just cheese, tomatoes, basil, onions...yum. I'm looking at it right now. There are a couple measly strings of basil on a pizza with tons of red onions and half-ripe beefsteak tomatoes. Lazy take on an easy, classic pizza. Basil is the third ingredient on the description, and is the least present. Disappointed! I had heard such good things. Boooooooo. I hope they improve, for locals' sake. The delivery was prompt, however, and the driver friendly. But I'm not trying to eat them.We also ordered the spinach salad to share-we don't eat meat anymore, and thought this would be a safe bet. Wrong. Covered in bacon, with a hardboiled egg? It doesn't even say anything about the ingredients of the salads on the menu, which would lead one to assume that they are relatively plain, which would have been fine with us. What is not fine, is when we call them back, embarrassed for us and for them, to ask for our money back. We simply cannot eat the food-the pizza is not to our liking and the salad is something we simply cannot eat. The man on the phone is rude, near yelling (or maybe he just speaks very loudly and abrasively?), and tells us to never order from him again, which even if we lived here we would not repeat, what with the food not being what we like. Listen. I have worked in service industry and understand that holiday times are extra stressful for the workers. But that NEVER excuses staff being flat-out rude and dismissive of customers. If I had ever done that, it would be an immediate fire.
1	Ate here a couple Sunday nights ago. Several areas of improvement are needed. FIrst off it was freezing cold in the place. The A/C had not been winterized and cold air was blowing in through the ducts. 1000% UNACCEPTABLE.  Secondly the pepperoni pizza was UNREMARKABLE. A frozen pizza from Safeway would have been a big step up. For $10 skip this place and get a Pizza Hut Pizza. The cashier was very friendly.  My advice for the owner is to go sample the top 5 pizza joints in Phx and then SIMPLY COPY ONE OF THEM!  ITS NOT FRIGGIN ROCKET SCIENCE! Two big thumbs down on this pizza joint.
