4	I have been to The Black Door 2 times in the last week.  For those not familiar with it, it is pretty new and located 10 feet from the entrance to the Double Down. Both evenings I went there every person I encountered, from the door to the bar were awesome.  Friendly, cool and inviting.  The place a has a nice vibe. It looks cool, isn't saturated by smoke yet (which is  a plus) and comfortable. They have a small stage  that has 2 stripper poles  (1 on each side) of the stage. I am not sure if that was left over from when it used to be a place they held drag queen competitions. ( Or so goes the story I was told). When a band isn't playing they have a large screen tv (above the stage) playing great music along with the music videos. It's a nice mix of music too. The stage is fairly small but great for a smaller lounge/bar. They have a few couches, a few VIP booth areas and several booths around the edges as well as along couch at the entrance. The bar along with the rest of the place is a cool vibe and place to hang out. The bartender on both night I was there cam from the Ice House. He books bands etc too. Really good guy. Its a great concept and cool vibe to the place. When I was there they other night I tried the food and was pretty impressed. I didn't expect food that impressive in an area known for dive bars.  The prices are slightly higher than is typical of the area but I hope they do well since the concept is great.  It is worth checking out and you are just  10 drunken steps to the Double Down to make your evening complete.  Good job Back Door!The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars  is the sound is weak for a venue  (supposedly) part owned by Dave Navarro. I would expect great sound. It was less than impressive.  The soundboard is behind the stage. Not sure what genius thought of that since  you can't hear correctly or  adjust sound if you are behind the stage.  That is the only thing keeping this from a 5 star review. I am hoping they will fix the sound and I can update my review to 5 stars.
5	this place rocks.  we accidentally stumbled upon it while we were at the Double Down and wanted some food.  it was the week right before the Black Door officially opened, so it was a soft-opening.  not busy at all so the manager, Lenita, took the time to talk with us.  she was super friendly and attentive.  we had a blast!  the food was fun, good and well priced.  the bar tender was super cool, too and the decor was fun.  next time we go to Vegas we'll be back for sure.  it's just a nice, chill place to sit back and relax, at least when it's not hella-busy.  check it out!  i should say, if you don't have any appreciation for 80's hair bands you might not care as much about it, but i do so i did.  :)
3	The Black Door is a slice of Rock and Roll tucked away next to the Double Down- so if the grime's got you down saunter your sexy ass 10 steps over and walk into a Paradise of leather and cocktails - not to mention some kick ass food! They have something called Heroin Chips. Enough said. It took my drunken stupor to a flat out High. The decor is Rock Luxe. Velvet couches, stripper poles, leather tables, an antler chandelier- and a sexy private VIP section hidden in the back just in case you wanted some down time with the band later on ;)Top notch service, with an air of that speakeasy style we all relish so much. I'm definitely a Groupie! Just be on the lookout for the vampish goths who seem to exremely enjoy all the dark spaces black door offers.
3	Definitely not what I was expecting in every way possible. Usually, I don't like bars, but my friend's cousin's band, Otherwise, was playing that night, so she invited me and my friends to come down to watch them perform. The band itself was good, but I'm supposed to be reviewing The Black Door, right? The Black Door is not your typical bar. Sure, there is a bar in the back complete with drinks and bar food, but everything else about this place isn't like any of the dive bars I've been to. First off, don't judge a book by its cover. While the outside of The Black Door is nothing special, I was surprised at how nice it was inside. Comfy lounge chairs, VIP tables, mini chandeliers, mirrors...I was confused...is this a bar or nightclub (minus rude bouncers and a dress code)? While the interior was nice, I didn't appreciate some of the videos that were playing on the flat screens. I think I saw more body parts than I wanted to...it was not nice and I wish I could have changed the channel or something. So for those who are a little on the conservative side, don't watch the videos. Anyways, I didn't drink or eat anything, so I can't comment about the prices. Will I be coming back here again? Probably not, unless my friends really want to go. P.S. When the parking lot is packed, don't pay for valet; park at the lot behind the building. Also, behind the Bob Marley wall picture is where they stash their alcohol supply (right next to the stage)...just an interesting tidbit I thought some people would find amusing.
2	The Black Door is not exactly what you're expecting from the outside. Located next to the Double Down in downtown Las Vegas, you're expecting another dive bar. However, with the prior knowledge that it's owned by Dave Navarro, the club-like feel of the bar is not shocking. The decor is a mismatched hodge-podge of stuff, including antler chandeliers and a disco ball. My friends all seemed to like the atmosphere, but as I am not a huge club fan I wasn't as impressed. The drinks are sold at club prices, and the "background" music is played too loudly, not facilitating conversation. If you like the club-feel, you'll enjoy this bar. If you like a more laid back atmosphere, skip it.
5	I am down with The Black Door lounge. It possesses an unexpected ambiance in an area that is primarily filled with Las Vegas' gay bars and culture. The Black Door, and The Double Down right next door to it (which I recently reviewed as well) are set apart because, while they're definitely part of a counterculture the neighborhood embraces, they're grungy and hardcore and yet surrounded by rainbows, unicorns and club music. Maybe unicorns is wishful thinking, but you get the idea.I come to The Black Door often on late Thursday evenings -- late late, think around 11:30/midnight -- because they host the weekly comedy showcase "CUI: Comedians Under the Influence" - raw, relatively uncensored comedy from some of Vegas' best comedians and guests from around the country. It's also free, and The Black Door usually has drink specials to supplement their extensive, *delicious* food menu. Their food deserves its own paragraph. DELICIOUS. I have never eaten anything that was remotely sub-par here. And it's served as late late as their shows run - until around 4AM. If you've got the late night munchies, or have an nontraditional eating schedule, come here.Along with CUI, The Black Door regularly books underground and more popular events, bands and artists of many different styles and caliber. I've seen an artist perform acoustic covers of Journey, as well as heavy metal reminiscent of 80's hair bands. I've come to watch the Las Vegas Poetry Slam Finals, and comedy.If you're into diversity and counterculture, come to The Black Door. Eat food, get tipsy, and stay late until you sober up (Really! Drinking and driving isn't only a terrible idea, the area is often infested by cops waiting for bar patrons to leave and make a small mistake qualifying for a roadside sobriety test. Stay safe.)
4	loved the atmosphere! It's a must if you are looking for a chill yet party spot with good music!!!
