5	This tiny place is a lot of fun.  All the people who work there are awesome.  I stopped by here a while ago and was so pleased.  Their prices are reasonable and the variety of services that they offer is impressive.  I'd much rather stop here than go to a hotel salon or spa for a nice up-do or cut.  Definitely, call for an appointment well ahead of time.
5	Don't let the 70's decor fool you (I admit, I was a bit unsure at the beginning myself), you will leave having experienced an utterly exquisite facial that supercedes the quality of most 5 star hotels and spas.  I've had many facials and massages both in the U.S. and abroad (Thailand, Hong Kong, Shanghai, etc.) and I have pretty high standards about what I would consider a service worth yelping about.  My aesthetician, Mary, has over 15 years of experience and has hands that are as soft as butter and a touch that is like the bed goldilocks chose - just right.  If you like discovering undiscovered gems, you owe yourself a visit to this salon and an appointment with Mary!  In a word - amazing!
4	I go here to see one person who does my hair and that is it.  I am not going to say much since I have never used any of the other services.  Laura always does a great job with my hair, as little as I have, and is always happy and funny.  The place does seem to get warm in the Summer time, not sure if they have a swamp cooler or a old A/C unit or what.  Services are moderately priced and there is quite a few of nice things to look at when your there (if you a guy).
5	Is there a way to write a review for my stylist specifically?Lettie is awesome at cutting hair. From what I hear she does great color and highlights, though she hasn't ever done anything besides cut mine, I know that all of her clients have been happy when I've seen them.The location is one of the best too. The owner(s) of this salon really care about their customers comfort and it shows. I might even say they spoil us.
3	Been here twice. First time i left with a burnt mark under my eye-due to getting eyebrows waxed and I guess the wax was to hot. (It looked like someone punched me so I had to cover my face with makeup) .  Also during that visit I got my hair cut. It was straight.Well since I didn't want to take the chance in getting burnt again( eye- brows)- I just went to get my hair straighting. This time my hair got cut some more( short). Being that I am not a fan of short hair- because now I am going to have to  wear makeup and ear -rings so that i don't look like a stud.
5	My stylist, Melissa S. is the most awesome and wonderful chicka I could ever ask for!  I Iive waaayyy up in NW Vegas, and I have been going to her for over 5 years. Once you find your perfect stylist, you keep them no matter what!She always transforms me from a haggard Chewbacca to a proper Queen! She's done all kinds of cuts and colors on me, from long to short to casual to crazy to "normal mom" which never lasts long, since I love to Funk my look up! She is THE BEST and I won't trust in anyone else!
5	Love this place! Karissa did my hair for my wedding and she did a fantastic job. I came back after my wedding and got my hair cut off. Again, she did a wonderful job. She gave me her honest opinion, and helped me make my hair awesome. And she charges reasonable prices for my hair. As long as I live in Vegas, she is who I will go see. :)
5	Karissa is exceptional! Best hair stylist & colorist. I have very difficult hair and she always makes it look amazing!!!!
