2	We sat outside.  Which was dusty & dirty of course, but we didn't mind.  Our waiter was nice, but did kind of smell like booze.  His service was quite slow at the start.  He kept coming outside to talk to the other waiter as if we weren't his customers too.  I don't want to hear about your personal shit, really I have enough of my own.We both had a Pellegrino & a glass of wine.  We had the Meat & Cheese Antipasto 12.95.  It was okay.  The mozzarella was like Poly-O.  The bread was dry & lacking in flavor.  For my entree I had a pasta special which was okay.  The sauce was tasty, but for $16 I thought I would have received more of it.   It was only a very small portion.  In all fairness it was an Italian portion.  I just didn't feel it was worth it.  I wanted it to blow my mind...My husband had the Spinach Salad.  It was just baby spinach leaves, pecorino shavings & some croutons.  Again, for $9.95 I felt it was a very small portion of salad.  We skipped dessert.  Overall, nothing was awful about the meal, it just lacked in quality overall.  I figured since the owner is Italian it would have been better.It was not worth the $80 that's for sure.  I would definitely not go back either.
5	So freaking good!get there calamari in tomato soup with a toasted bread stick thing. yum!and their proscuitto, arugula, and parmesan pizza.  Off the chain!the owner is a really great cook and it's nice to have a good priced delicious italian restaurant in the neighborhood.  Anything to support the local businesses is better than flopping my ass to olive garden for nasty premade crap
4	My friends and I spend many days & nights sitting outside the Starbucks adjacent to La Focaccia, and today, based on a prior conversation my friend had with the owner, we decided to have lunch there.They have a pretty good special, any panini sandwich + soup/salad/or fries & _1_ soda for $7.95. All 3 of us ordered that. I had the salad with a roasted pepper & mozzarella sandwich, Ramze S. had the cream of broccoli soup and a grilled vegetable sandwich, and Dustin X. had the "tomato whatever" soup (his words) and some sort of chicken sandwich. We sat outside, and the service was friendly, but quite leisurely. All 3 of us enjoyed both courses, and the portions were generous, especially considering the price tag. After our meals, Ramze S. and I both had gelatos, which were $1.95 and delicious, even if not the greatest gelato in the world.Overall, I'd be happy to come back here when I had time for a very leisurely lunch, but I'm not sure if there's enough on the menu to hold up through dinner. I was very much on the edge of 3 stars vs 4 for La Focaccia, but considering it's an independent restaurant, I'd rather err on the side of too many stars than too little. Give the place a shot, I think you'll like what you see, even if you don't necessarily fall in love.
1	This place had terrible service and piss poor food to boot. It was a combination of our waitress being new and not interacting well with the chief that cause the bad experience. However, there are plenty of better Italian resturants in Vegas than this.
3	I will concur with some of the reviews referring to the service here, it was somewhat subpar.  Our waitress was not attentive at all, but whenver we made a request of the owner it was responded to promptly. The ambience was not at all what we expected.  More of a busy bistro feel than anything romantic.  The actuality of the restaurant doesn't quite live up to the picture of the inside that you find on its website.Started with the Gorgonzola and Carmelized Onion Focaccia which was rather good.  Kind of left us wanting more.  Split a Caesar Salad which was not really the best, but I was more upset about the fact that they didn't split it for us.  Just gave us one plate and had us do the work.  Not really a deal breaker though.For our entrees, my wife had the Capalini al Gamberi which was quite good.  Especially the outstanding Tomato flavor throughout the pasta which lingered in your mouth and did everything it should.  I had the Batutta di Pollo alla Daviola and WOW!!!!  This chicken had so much flavor they needed a bigger plate.  The veggies has the flavor of the chicken in them and everything combined in my mouth and made me h-a-p-p-y.Overall, the food was great.  The service needs help.  And the ambiance needs to live up to it picture.  It would be quite different if it looked like that.
1	The service here was the worst I've EVER experienced in Las Vegas (lived here 5 yrs now).  Not only did we end up waiting a total of about an hour before we got our food, but people that sat down after we ordered got their salads first.  I had all you can eat pasta (Tues night) $7 but they make you buy a $3 drink and I got a salad w/ it but my husband bought the gnocchi dish for $11 and didn't get a salad?  Dumb.  They also charged my husband $1 for adding a couple of shreds of basil to his dish.  My all you can eat plate came out and it was twice the size of his $12 dish and he couldn't get more.  It was terrible!  I had the carbonara sauce and it was okay but super buttery.  FYI for the vegetarians, all sides are $3, yes, to add spinach to your dish is the same price as adding chicken.We live right down the street and will not go again.
1	AWFUL ! Check the pictures for the burnt bread they served us! The service was horrid! I thought the food at least would be stellar since the owner is Italian but it was so disappointing. It took over an hour to be served two pasta dishes that were quite small portions. I sat by the kitchen and saw three other plates of food sent back, two of which were grossly undercooked chicken. The waitress over-charged us then got an attitude about our asking for a correction. After serving us burnt bread, over-charging us for the two 10-minute pasta bowls that actually took an hour, leaving us without water, do you think they comped the single desert we got to go? No. Not even a lousy half-hearted apology.  The brunette waitress is clueless, the blonde manager is rude, and the owner seems careless and checked-out.  Bottom line is the service sucks and the food is disappointing.
5	My girlfriend and I go to this restaurant about once a week. She is italian and thinks it is the closest to real Italian food you can get in Vegas. The Tuesday night all you can eat pasta is fantastic and only $6.99. This is a wonderful privately owned place and I wish there were more places like this in Vegas
4	We came here with friends who had a Groupon. My wife had been here before but had failed to let me know. Tuesdays are 6.99 all you can eat pasta nights which was the night we dined. I had a garlic sauce on my pasta the wife had a basil artichoke. Our fiends shared pesto pizza and meat calzone. I loved the sauce, very light but very flavorful. As the name implies La Focaccia is all about bread. They make their own and it was very good. We also had gelatin which was tasty but I have only had gelato once before so I do not know a difference. The service was prompt and friendly and the chef/owner chatted with us as well. It is a four star for me because my wife was not impressed this time or any of her other visits. I, however, want to come back.
1	The bread was good. The beer I ordered after I reminded him was out of stock. My pasta had more juice than sauce and the chicken was dry and hard. Not going back
2	One more try...I've been here twice so far and haven't been impressed.  On my first visit, I had a pizza, which, at under $2 a slice, is a pretty good deal.  Granted, it wasn't the tastiest or most groundbreaking, but it was good.  My second visit involved a meatball parm sandwich.  Only thing I could think of when I got my food was "where's the beef?"  The thing had two meatballs.  I can get a heck of a lot more at Subway for the same price!  Five dollar footlong, anyone?I'll probably give this joint one more shot to see if they really justify only a two star rating.
1	We've been here twice and the manager, some big blonde lady sits at the bar and chatters loudly on her phone drinking white wine the whole time.  The food and service was so so, nothing to come back to, especially since Grimaldis is down the street.  Every time we pass this place we have a little chuckle, the lady one time kept yelling at her phone, "WHAT!" "NO!", "WHAT!", "NO!", how annoying is that when you are trying to enjoy dinner.  Pass this place over, too bad I like little Italian joints.  Get it together!
1	My husband bought a deal off Living Social for La Focaccia earlier in the year and decided to use it last night. So the two of us and a friend make the short trek. Let me start off by saying the only thing good about the visit was the pizza. And that was the last thing we experienced.The service was HORRIBLE! Our server was slower than slow plus he simply kept forgetting about us. We got a bottle of the Chef's Special which was some Merlot that was disgusting. I tried a sip and sent it back. Our server said he would get out a few different wines and let me sample them. 25 minutes later, I'm still waiting for my wine. He comes by finally with a bottle of Chianti and I ended up liking it. BUT HE STILL CHARGED ME! I'm sorry but if you make me wait that long, I deserve a free glass of wine. Or a free bottle. Or both. :)We ordered the Antipasto x2 to start off with. The bruschetta was alright. The eggplant parmigiana was ok but it was very cold. The roasted red peppers were good. The olives were extremely salty as was the buffalo mozzarella. The one thing that irked me the most was that they gave us TWO PIECES OF SALAMI. Really? 2 pieces? UGHHHH. Totally overpriced for what we got.They have a calzone on the menu that has crushed tomatoes, ham, salami, ricotta and fontina (i think). We made those the toppings on the pizza and it was pretty good. All three of us enjoyed it. Oh I forgot something. So after we are done with the antipasto "platter", I ask my husband and friend if we were supposed to get bread like all the other tables around us. I ask our server and he says "I guess so". WHAT? What kind of answer is that? Let me just clarify that the one star is for the pizza. Nothing else deserves a star. NOTHING! I'm not going back. EVER. I don't care if they have pizza slices for $2. I'm not going back. I don't care if they released another coupon on Crowd Savings today. I'm not going back!!!!
3	We went here for Valentines Day 2 yrs ago- there was a set 3 course meal and it was OK - Let's just say after that visit we never cared to go back...On a whim we drove past it and decided it was time to give La Focaccia another try...The service is just too slow, I know this is a small place but they need a waitress and a cook that can work at a faster pace, I mean we do have other things to do other than wait for out food!!!O.K. my pasta was really good- I would come back again for my pasta-I had the Penne Americiana bit replaced Penne for Angel Hair Pasta- the dish had Pancetta, Onion, Tomato Sauce,Chili Flakes and Parmigiano...It was really good- because of the Pancetta I could see how it may be too salty for some but I liked it alot!!!!My daughter had Spaghetti al Pomodoro-I tried it - Good!!!!The BF had Ravioli Burro e Salvia- Good but he had to ask for more Tomato Sauce and he was still hungry after the fact...At one point I had to get up and ask again for the tomato sauce as the BF's food was getting cold just waiting for the extra sauce- I'm telling you the slow pace in here is just ridiculous!!!!For the appetizer we ordered the Bruschetta which in the menu said $4.95 but I was charged $9.95 come to find out I was mistakingly given the wrong bruschetta appetizer- The Bruschetta was different because your bread was dry and you added either tomatoes,olives or garlic. I liked it, I loved the whole garlic cloves!!!So just like the name of this place= Focaccia= I was wondering where our focaccia was (each table is supposed to be given focaccia on the house) but if I didn't ask I wouldn't have gotten any so just ask people... (The waitress said she didn't bring us any because she was waiting for the focaccia to be warm then she would've brought it out) I didn't believe her, I mean we were already almost done with our meal. The Focaccia itself was chewy goodness!!!The Italian BF wasn't impressed, the Kid and I liked our food so sorry BF majority rules and I think we will be back but I'd have to make sure that  I have nothing else planned for the rest of the day- yes, it may take that long....Anyways
3	I came here for lunch last weekend and had the 1/2 soup and 1/2 sandwich combo. I enjoyed the tomato vege soup because it tasted fresh and homemade. Some would say it lacked flavor but I prefer to add salt to dishes rather than being too salty.  The sandwich was roast beef with pepperjack on rye and it was flavorful but I wished there was more meat. I then noticed you can add more meat so they must know they don't put enough or other customers have mentioned it. Next time, not soon, I want to come back for dinner and try thier Tuesday night AYCE pasta for $6.99. Thier menu is pretty extensive for a small restaurant which makes me wonder what do they do the best.
2	I was there for dinner.  It was meh.  I had hopes that the food from a little place like this would be surprisingly good. It was Ok, not bad, just OK.  I was most disappointed with the focaccia, mostly because it is namesake of the restaurant and was strongly recommended by a reviewer in a local newspaper when the restaurant first opened.  I also, love bread, non more so than focaccia.  The fococcia, was like evertything else, meh.  It's just there to distract you from how long it takes to bring your entree.  I had high hopes but they were dashed.  The night I was there, there was live music by Angelique.  Who was quaint, but also meh.  I appreciated Angelique's efforts, but was disturbed/surprised by the waitress/owner who was talking very loudly with some of her friends at another table, so much so that one couldn't here dear Angelique.  Why have live music, if you're going to talk over them?
1	My husband and I usually go to the Pho restaurant in this plaza, but noticed this place and decided to give it a try. We went with my sister and her boyfriend and child, and we stood in the entrance waiting to be seated and the waitress/hostess, who we later came to find out is actually the OWNER, walked past us several times without even acknowledging our presence. At one point, she stopped at a table right in front of where we were standing and the patrons at that table mentioned that we were waiting for a table, and she made a dismissive remark and gesture and walked away. We probably should have had a clue things wouldn't be great at that point and just left, but we were looking forward to trying some of the things on the menu so my husband went over to the deli side and asked if we could be seated, and a young man apologized and brought us to a table. (Mind you, it wasn't busy, there were two tables with people at them at the time.)So we sat there, and no one even came to get our drink order. We waited at LEAST a good 15 minutes with no one coming to our table at all. We were all starving and getting annoyed at this point, and we began talking about just going someplace else to eat, because the wait was getting ridiculous with absolutely NO service. The deciding factor was when the "waitress" started getting angry at a table nearby when one of them asked for something she had ordered and had apparently been waiting for a long time for. The waitress very nastily, and LOUDLY told her she was getting it and that she had already told her that. We just looked at each other and got up to leave at that point, beyond disgusted with the service, or lack thereof in this place. My husband went over to the deli side because he wanted to make a complaint and let them know that the service was unacceptable, and the waitress went over to the other side and at that point asked my husband how she could help him. After ignoring us in the dining room all this time. My husband said he didn't want to talk to her, he wanted to talk to a manager, which is when she informed him SHE was the owner!! Unbelievable! This, of course made my husband even more annoyed that the owner would treat patrons in her restaurant in such a horrible manner and let her know. She dismissively said she was sorry, and that was it. I would give this place zero stars if I could, and I can't even give a review on the food, as we never even got the free bread in the 15 or 20 minutes we sat at our table. I'd avoid this place at all costs, unless rudeness is your thing.
4	We've been going to La Focaccia for a couple of years and have been very pleased with this restaurant. The food is wonderful and the prices and very reasonable. There hasn't been a time that we have been disappointed with the food. Everything is fresh...try the homemade sausage, which is excellent. The chef/owner recognizes us when we come in, calls us by name, and is very attentive. We will be La Focaccia customers for many years to come.
3	Went there for lunch, and the chicken parm was pretty tasty. Since it was mid day the restaurant wasn't very busy, so the service was good. I'd go back but I wouldn't go out of my way.
2	Ok the food here was pretty good. I had the Chicken Parmesan which was just as good as any other Italian restaurant. We also got a veal dish that my friend loved. We got ice cream, the chocolate, and pistachio were really good. We also got the liminochello cake thing which sucked major. Fact is i would have rated this restaurant like a four if the service did not suck big time. It was practically empty, and it took so long for us to get anything. Our meal ended up taking around 2 hours because how slow the service took. We also used a groupon we bought and since we had two groupons and 4 people they made us sit at two different tables. Overall the food was good but nothing you cant get elsewhere, and the service is not worth it. I suggest you find a different place to eat.
4	Great food.  I had lasagna and it was great... homemade is the best way to describe it.  I will have to come here again to really check this place out.  Place is not very big but the food tasted home made, and the owner came out to check on us.  They also seem to have a lot of specials.We were the only customers at the time so for us the service was great... but i will go back again and re-review.
2	A complete miss! When I walk in the server say's "you know what you want" ummm I might need a minute. I order a hot pastrami to-go. After waiting 10 minutes (not exaggerating) he comes over and says we are out of rye is a french roll okay, I say sure. About 5 minutes later the chef hands my plate over the glass where some random guy is standing he passes it to the server who says it's to go. I say why is some random guy who literally just walked in off the street touching my f-ing plate. So the chef takes the plate back wraps the sandwich in some butcher paper and hands it to me forgetting to give me the pasta salad that was on the plate. Oh and btw who puts a french roll in a panini. The bread was completely smashed and the meat was barely warm what meat there was. Skimpy too on top of everything else. Boo!
4	Food is just perfect...tasty..excellent service chef answered all question with intelligent food answers...I will be back again...Me And My girl like this place...
