4	I went to a preopening party here and had a great time.  I have frequented their competition and this place is very high end by comparison.  This is a huge facility and would be a great location for a company party.  They have a very swanky bar area with specialty cocktails containing honey.  The staff is very friendly.  Parking at the Orleans can be a nightmare though.
5	We finally checked out Buzz'n Brush at The Orleans. What a great time Mari and I had. They have a unique program were everyone has a good time. They have a planned painting that they teach you to paint. You learn about brushes and how to use them. I was really surprised how good the pictures turned out. They have a full bar, pizza ovens and a wild staff that loves to have fun. If you looking for something fun to do, call them and set up a time. My next visit will be with a group, I think it would be a hoot to make an event of the activity. We even learned a new dance. Yes booze, food, music fun and you walk away with a painting. What more can you ask for? What a great time. You have to try it. The staff is bananas.
4	If you ever wanted to learn how to paint or just want to brush up on your art skills, then this is the place to do it!Took my wife and two boys (ages 9 and 12) to this place so we can spend some family time together. They are located inside the Orleans Casino right across from the buffet. None of us knew anything about painting so we all had mixed feelings in regards to doing what we were about to do. I found out about this place through one of my Yelp buddies and decided to check it out. So I called them up to get more info. They told me what days and times were available so I chose a 4 pm session on a Sunday afternoon. We showed up and checked in just right before 4. We were directed to grab an apron and was given a paper plate. Then we went over to a table there were different color paints in big bottles with pumps in them. We were told to get at least 5 pumps of yellow, white, red, blue, and green.After all that each of us were assigned an easel with a blank canvas. Different sized paint brushes were already there waiting for us to use. Then an instructor comes up onstage to instruct us how to paint a particular painting that is being displayed up on stage with them. They told us step by step how to get our painting started while painting it on their own canvas. After every set of instructions, they would play music while you are working on that segment.A couple times you will take 10 to 15 minute breaks so you can relax a bit and also let the paint dry so you can fill it in some more. During those breaks are when you should go to the bathroom which is just outside of the entrance to you right if you are coming out. There is also a photo booth set up with costumes ready to go for those that want to look goofy. You have the option of having those pics taken emailed to your facebook account for free or pay for them to print it out so you can take it home right then and there. I think it was a dollar for every pic you wanted printed out.Lastly, towards the end of finishing your beautiful masterpiece, you will be doing a little bit of line dancing followed by a quick breakdance routine by Jef, one of the instructors. When everything is done, you get to take your masterpiece home with you and you can do whatever you want with it.Prices are 45 dollars per person. At the time of this review, I think there is a groupon for this place so take full advantage of it before it is gone.The reason why they are called Buzz n Brushes is because they actually have a full bar where you can purchase alcoholic drinks hence the buzz. Im pretty sure some people paint even better when they're drunk. There is also a full kitchen where you can order pizza and sandwiches.In closing I had to take 1 star away because some of the music they play are not the clean versions and since I had my kids with me, that is a must. Other than that, I had  some good quality time spent with the family. You are looking at about 2 1/2 hours from start to finish so plan accordingly.
4	Great instructions!  Up beat atmosphere! Great music! Great drink specials!  Awesome time!
4	What a fun place Buzz'n Brushes is. The staff will make you laugh, sing and dance until you can hardly go anymore. More so, they will teach you a painting and make it seem easy. They give you step by step instructions and give you time to accomplish what you need to all while playing a masterfully selected sound track. They give you all the supplies you need from a full selection of brushes to the paint and canvas. On top of that they have a full bar and a kitchen serving up fresh baked gourmet flat bread pizzas. It is your one stop shop for creating your own masterpiece in relaxed and welcoming environment.I came to Buzz'n Brushes with a group from Yelp on "Lovers Lane" night. I followed the instructions rather closely until the very end. This particular painting is supposed to feature a man and woman walking down a road. I took some creative liberty here and painted just a lone man. I guess I can call my painting "Lonely Street." Perhaps I'll paint another companion piece and call it "Heartbreak Hotel." I can see this painting deal as a new hobby. Maybe I can do a whole Elvis Presley songs series of paintings. Hm...
4	We came here for Kayla R.'s first UYE and I was surprised a place like this was inside a casino (the Orleans).  I've seen and heard about friends going to these wine and painting places where even the most unartistic people can paint pictures that look like something, so I was happy to attend because I'm not a painter.  I'm not much of a drinker, either, but you don't have to imbibe if you don't want to; I received a drink ticket with my entry that I just gave to a friend.  There's a full bar and they also offer flatbread pizzas for purchase.  About 20 Yelpers in our group attended the night we went, assigned to paint a scene called "Lovers Lane."  The staff at BnB is very friendly and enthusiastic from the time you walk through the doors until you leave.  We started the fun a little after 7:00pm and were done around 9:45pm.  In between, we were led by Ebony, a funny lady who's part paint instructor and DJ, directing us what to paint with which brush, what colors, and where, and then turning up the music in between.  We were dancing in our seats, dabbing here, mixing colors there, and just having a blast.  There were a couple of break times where we had a chance to use the photo booth in the back, complete with fun accessories for us to use, get another drink from the bar, get some pizza, or use the facilities.  One break was dedicated to the Cupid Shuffle dance, where many of the guests got up and line-danced with the staff.  If BnB wants a lot of business, they should advertise to Filipinos and play the Electric Slide; my people love that dance!  Overall, it was a fun night and I highly recommend it if you want to try a different way to have fun and unleash the hidden artist inside of you.
5	Talk about unique, fun, and if you ever been inspired or wanted too feel like artist. Buzz'N Brushes is the place too not only get your inner Picasso on but looking for something different too do once done with gambling or just looking for good time. I am not much of artist outside of being kid drawing pencil drawings of favorite morning cartoon shows. It can be daunting see finish drawing looks like as the example on teacher stage or main stage. The entire staff (call themselves bee keepers) do AMAZING job of keeping your spirits high, believing in your artwork, and there with you every step every brush till the end. One of the bee keepers Ebony was leader for our session and taking us through each step on the mic. Not only explaining things in easy way but also making it FUN adding jokes and keeping the interaction going with the music. Ahhh the music. Awesome. Thinking just have too call Ebony aka DJ Ebony cause really enjoy the mix of current songs too some classics. It pumps you up more about your painting and makes it fun environment. You take breaks throughout  the class some for bathroom break, paint drying, drink refill, or really fun dance session break. The enthusiasm with all the beekeepers can not help but get excited about painting and enjoying life. PHOTO BOOTH. Big fan of photo booth. During the break or before lot of fun. They have few props you can use in the photo booth. They let you  post it too your facebook account. Unfortunately if want photo take home cost dollar but get two. Really dollar is worth some of the best photo booth memories...They offer food from pizza too cheese and bread. Nothing really special straight forward bar food. I just went with the liquid meal. You get one free drink with your class fee. Word of caution is you do get apron but wearing something that willing too get little paint on. Safe bet. It located in the Orleanes Hotel right across from the buffet. It can be hard too find since there are no really signs in the casino. It still new so even asked few people in the casino for direction. They heard of it but thankfully eventually found manager took us too the front door. I never knew painting was SO much fun! Plus you get too take your artwork home. The moment you checkin too you leave the hospitality, energy, and every bee keeper is awesome. I plan on coming back get more of my artist side on!
4	Friends don't let friends drink and paint...Joking...Here at Buzz'N Brushes, drinking and painting is encouraged. We came out here to attend Kayla M's UYE, which was a blast.  She's been here before as well as Roger T.  Both of them gave positive reviews and since I trust their judgment, I knew a night out at Buzz'N would be a fun one.  What to Expect?-Inside the Orleans, specifically located across from their buffet-$30 includes painting lessons, 2 drinks, fun/partaying, and a masterpiece that you get to take home. -Buzz'N is spacious.  There's even enough lounge chairs and a bar in case you rather just buzz and not brush.  On a side note, the inside of Buzz'N doesn't stench of smoke. However, you have to walk through it inside the Orleans. Once you're inside Buzz'N, you're safe to breathe again. -Energy:  If you don't have it before you get here, you'll get it by the night's end. The team at Buzz'N ensures that everyone is having a great time by bumping music, encouraging some dancing, and even will tell a bunch of jokes.-Lessons:  If you have no painting skills, don't fret.  At Buzz'N, it's all about fun but at the same time you get step by step instructions on painting.  The Process:-Pay your $30 per head.-Use your drink coupon and get your drink on.  If you're like me, then get your H2O on. -Eat:  They serve food here. Pizza is all I seen, but there could be more. -Get seated.  Find your spot or they can find one for you.-Get your paint. Make sure to get enough.  Two pumps of paint just won't cut it. I had to make multiple trips. -Time to get started and listen to your fabulous instructor.  They'll show you what you're painting, explain what each brush is used for, and detail the process. If you follow their step by step directions, then you can't go wrong.  One way to look at it...if I can created what looks like a million dollar masterpiece, then anyone can.I'm obviously a fan of this place. We had a great time and I hear that kids/teenagers can have a great time here too.  Next time my teenager is in town, I'll be sure to take her here.  However, she's only doing the brushin' not the buzz'n. YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (428/500)
5	We had such a great time.  Totally great first date.
5	Another go at a painting class! Buzz'N Brushes is located in a huge spot in The Orleans Hotel & Casino. We were told the class began at 6:30, so arriving early was highly suggested. We did and only a handful of painters had arrived. We checked in and paid our dues ($30, plus tax, was the special arranged group rate for this Unofficial Yelp Event). We also got 1 drink coupon each, a set of 5 paintbrushes, and an apron to wear.While the Husband waited at the bar, I chose our seats and got the paints. I was directed to get 5 full pumps each of the 5 colors available onto a paper plate.  I noticed not everyone got these directions and some of the pumps were getting stuck. There were a lot of staff on hand though to help with this situation. Three varieties of flatbread pizza ($7) were available made to order along with a cheese and fruit plate ($6). We chose the latter to share.One of the first things I noticed was the stage set up where the instructor would be teaching from and the disco balls. There was good lighting overall. When class finally got under way at 7 pm, loud music was filling up the room. We were given the intros of Ebony, the instructor, and Jef and Caroline, her two assistants. Everyone also had headset microphones on, so that made the event quite engaging. The assistants were on hand to help out with any questions and to keep the party going. This painting experience was different because it definitely was more of a party. The music was upbeat and relational to whatever Ebony was talking about. It was particularly helpful that she had scratch paper taped to the wall so she could show us how to paint something. The tables are lined with butcher paper, so you're encouraged to use the paper to mix colors. This particular painting seemed a bit more challenging than another I painted elsewhere and we learned more technique from this particular class. There were mini breaks and plenty of opportunities to drink up. There was even a longer break available so you could take advantage of their free photo booth ($1 to print or free to Facebook/Twitter) and costumes. One break even had everyone up and doing the Cupid Shuffle!They normally charge $45/per person for the teaching class, but I heard there might be a $5 locals discount. Double check that. I also noticed their calendar says the class is from 7 to 9, with registration opening at 6:30. We actually finished closer to 10 too. They have daytime open painting sessions for $25 per person as well. Overall, this was a fun experience and a great way to paint with a large group. However, it could be a bit distracting for some with the music and jokes, so it depends on what kind of painting experience you are looking for.  4.5 stars
3	A good solid three. I have done other painting and drinking socials recently and this one in comparison for me was good. It was solid. I am not sure what words to use because of the hosts might tell me my words are not acceptable for compliments.What I enjoyed was the area that was well lit & set up funky! It had some pizazz to it. The music was great. It was a nice selection of everything in lots of different genres to appeal to the masses. Watching people dance was awesome. However, they could have been better a little better in their instruction. There was a dab & pull method they were telling us to use, but didn't explain what this was until 15 or 20 minutes later or so. And there were other times where they could have told us how to blend better. I mean I did want to leave with a good painting.I hate to leave a 3 star review especially because I had so much fun at the UYE I attended, but there are other venues in town that I would prefer to go to first. As much as I want to forget some of the things one of the host said, I can't. I was slightly offended and confused and it left a bad taste in my mouth. The bartender that they loved so much, also lacked a little in the customer service department. I felt like we were a bother to him sometimes. And that should never be the case.
5	I read all the great reviews about this place and had to check it out! My girlfriend has been talking about attending a painting class for a while, so I decided to finally take her to this one. I was glad I did because this place is a lot of fun, yet simple, even for people like me that suck at art and could mess up on a stick figure drawing!They feature a different painting each class and it is on display near the front door so you can see an example of what you will be painting that night. You can also check their website for a calendar of scheduled paintings in case there's something specific you wanted to learn how to paint. As soon as you walk in you are greeted by the instructors, who will explain everything to you about the class. After you check in and pay for your class, you are free to grab drinks at the bar and food at the kitchen before you are seated (flatbread pizzas and cheese/fruit plates mostly). The instructors will then seat you and have you grab paintbrushes, an apron, and a plate of various colors of paint.Once the class begins, the lead instructor will take you through the painting step by step, telling you which colors to use or mix and what shapes to draw on your canvass. They make the class very simple so that everyone can follow along and finish with a beautiful painting. The class is very social and there are even icebreakers and jokes worked into the class (so that the paint has time to dry in between). I'm a horrible artist and even my painting was pretty good at the end. We even took photos with the instructor and our paintings.The room is decorated beautifully and there is also a wall of artwork displaying past canvasses painted in class. They also had a photo booth in the back corner but we didn't check that out. We had a blast in class and will definitely plan to come back soon!
5	We had my daughters 13th birthday party here and it was a blast. They took care of our party like we were royalty. The kids all had so much fun painting and all the fun games that Caroline (the art instructor) had put together. The adults had fun at the bar. Lol. All my family and friends said that it was a great place for a party. Thank you Theresa for taking care of us and having our party at Buzz n Brushes. If you looking for a fun evening definitely give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.
5	I am a graphic designer and have had formal painting instructions in my college school days, but this was my first time at a place like this - and it far exceeded my expectations! The staff members were all incredibly warm and inviting. Caroline was our instructor, assisted by Jef and Ebony. They were all very lively and engaged audience participation. I was impressed that Caroline remembered everyone's name in the class and Jef and Ebony made their rounds to tend to anyone who needed help or encouragement. Instruction was good and they gave people freedom to either follow every step or choose their own techniques and colors. I was pleasantly surprised that they provided entertainment aside from the painting exercises. There was much song and dance, as well as a nice selection of food and drink. Even Jeff the bartender was anxious to see how our paintings turned out.There were ample breaks in between and I liked how the space was set up for social mingling. Instead of just a rectangular studio, there were lounge areas, a shopping boutique, a seated bar area, a kitchen area, a photo booth with props and small art gallery area. I had one seat between me and the next couple over, and that was just right. If that seat were filled, I would have liked to more elbow room to paint with, plus more table space to set food/drink is handy. I think for a full class, they could spread the seats out just a little.I have not yet tried similar places in town so I cannot compare Buzz'N Brushes to the others as far as experience or value. I am curious to try the others, but I will definitely come back here and paint some more with this Buzz'N team!
4	I can begin at the beginning, so when Kayla had her UYE here I couldn't go, so I contacted Teresa and she was awesome about working with me on scheduling the chubby owl painting at a time that worked for us! YAY!!! love the owls! So big kudos on that.  We were quite excited too when Roger told us there was a groupon for this place that same time that we jumped on and saved us a full persons price! double yay!So the reason not 5 stars is we were then frustrated as when I registered the three of us for the class I got an email saying it starts at 11 and be there early. Thats what the website said at the time too! I am quite efficient and write things down accordingly so we were quite disappointed when we get there, it says they don't open till 11 and the class had been pushed back till 12, especially when we had somewhere to be after.  The little one was NOT the most patient but when we were greated and discussed I pointed out the miscommunication and gave the little one the option of staying or leaving.  She's the artist in the family but I was still surprised when she said stay.  But stay we did and the experience redeemed the place! Next time I just know to call and ahead and clarify!Caroline was amazing, we were the only ones signed up so she agreed to start at 1130 when we got there, got us our stuff organized and was enthusiastic! Her spirit lifted us up and immediately engaged all three of us! Triple yay!!Then we got started painting and it was easy to follow her along, she took questions well and had a great sense of humor as constantly cracked jokes! It was great as they give you primary colors and you mix your own colors so everyone can do a shade of purple or green, etc that you liked best and could make your pieces different.  She encouraged us to make ours different and we all ended up with great owls! Two other women joined us from out of town and we all laughed, we all became a group and it was great.  Caroline really got the little one into it, smiling, and she was great encouraging her! The way they have different size brushes and tell you which one, show you the strokes and demonstrate was perfect.  Definitely do during the day with the kids though as I can see with drinks (you get a free drink voucher) and such it getting a little rowdy and not G rated. Overall this place really hit home as a great experience and the little one already wants to go back and do more! Four yays!!
5	FUN, FUN, FUN, drink, eat, learn how to paint and be entertained all at the same time.  Used my House seats for the 1st time and it was GREAT!  We used acrylic paints and got to take the painting home.  We sung songs, played musical chairs, drank wine, and ate cheese.  Would do it again.  The host, Caroline, was excellent, fun, amusing all in one.  Her little helper was great too, Ebony.  Went on Sat night, had a blast!!!!!  Keep up the good work guys!!!!!The best part is that Caroline remember everyones name!!!!  It was not totally crowded, had enough room for painting. The songs played were great, old and new tunes.  We even learned some country dance inbetween paints drying, lol. Our paintings were of black trees, pink and red leaves, beautiful.  Just hung them up in my living room, my friend gave me his painting for a matching pair, lol.
5	I HAD SO MUCH FUN! And I meet a new friend that sat across from me. This place is very fun and the teacher is AWESOME!!!  The class was like two hours and its easy to follow directions and if you ever need help or to slow down the teacher does so. She also comes around to check out your work While painting she plays music that is fun to listen to and keeps you happy. When you go in they give you your brushes and a yellow card for a free drink (they give refils like twice-three times) It was funny as I was getting close to being finished the teacher asked if she can see my art work I  said yes, she switched our paintings claiming mine was hers and said how it didn't have inituals so it was hers, shes silly! haha. Things I liked; Nice relaxing place, nice teacher, they have a pizza bar, free drinks, she actually explains what to do, easy for anyone to do.Things I think they could work on : I feel that they should try and get pay pal as a meathed of paying them for the classes,it just seems like it would be easier; $45 dollars is a bit expensive for one painting maybe they could lower it a tad or give discounts for locals things of that nature; one more sugestion is they have it set up where if they aren't having a class you can go in for $25 and paint or make what ever you want. I think it would be a cool idea if they had a "class" where you could just go in once a month or something and everyone paints what they want. So there would be more then one person, i could see that being very lonly :(. Over all great fun and I think more people should do it!!! :)
5	Jordan and Company were great. They play great music while leading you through your painting. Cocktails served at a reasonable price. Who knew drinking and painting could be so much fun.  Price is NOT three dollar signs. Worth every penny.  Chill, relax, laugh, have fun.
5	AMAZING! I took my mom here for her bday. Caroline was so nice. She takes the time to memorize everyone's name and really involve everyone in the lesson. When the lesson was over she came up to me and asked if my mom had a good time. Of course she did, but you could tell Caroline was concerned. I bought a cute painting from her and she wrote a thank you message on the back of it which was really sweet. It really was tons and tons of fun.I called earlier in the month to make a reservation and I spoke with Teresa. She was super nice as well. The whole staff was so sweet. I will definitely be going back!
5	Loved this place!!! Fun instructors, full bar, good music, and good food!! Definitely going again!!
