4	They had good shredded beef tacos and great enchilada sauce.  Much like Jessica, my family, and others who frequent here, have been going forever.  It's always been there and we thought it always would.  We'll miss it but I have a feeling they'll pop up again somewhere, hopefully in AZ too.
5	The first thing you need to know about Don Jose is that it's closed. It shut down after 40-plus years in December of '07. The second thing you need to know is that Don Jose was the greatest Mexican Food restaurant on God's green earth. Oh, you could quibble with me about our definitions--what constitutes true Mexican food, etc, etc. Don Jose was, by most standards, a dive--a simple, no-frills, insanely inexpensive dining experience in a 60-year old former IHOP. The style of Mexican food they served was what we rare Arizona natives call "Sonoran", but what some others call "gringo"--cheese crisps instead of "quesidillas", hard-shell tacos and tostadas, etc, etc. There were no sprouts or carrots or squid or catfish or organic cage-free okra on the menu; the burritos contained shredded beef or beans, lots of cheese, and they had a side menu of American favorites--burgers, grilled cheese, fries, the works. The interior was decorated on a $10 budget circa 1964 and it stayed that way until they closed the joint; the red rotary phone still hangs behind the huge 1940s cash register. It didn't matter what you ordered. It was all staggeringly good. There was no single item on the menu more than $4. The salsa was a mind-altering trip to an altered dimension where everything was made of delicious. The week they closed, they had lines around the block and wait times pushing three hours. I ate 36 cheese tacos in the space of 12 days. And 12 cheese crisps. And 8 burritos. And 20 bowls of chips. I'm still on the treadmill working it off, my arteries may never recover and I don't care. When they closed I felt like somebody in my family had died. Sadly, the owner decided to retire to spend more time with his family. What am I, chopped liver? I ate there for 25 years! I AM family, dammit!I swiped a menu. Sometimes, late at night, I clutch it to my chest and sob. Maybe I can find a therapist who serves cheese tacos.Your only other alternative for truly spectacular Mexican food in the Phoenix area is La Perla in Glendale--another classic family-owned place that opened in the 40s (and honestly, far more authentic and flavorful--but for me, not quite "home".) Go there at once. Quick, before it's replaced by some horrible strip-mall fresh-Mex garbage.
5	I often check the internet to see if by some miraculous act of god that Don Jose's has published their family recipes on the internet, or a cookbook, or SOMETHING to fill the void in my heart for exquisite Mexican Food.  I couldn't agree more that Don Jose's was a true diamond in the rough.  Their enchilada sauce, cheese crisp, bear burros, tacos, hot sauce,  ALL OF IT was just fantastic!  I would gladly pay the extra $.55 for a bowl of chips now- HECK- I'd pay $5.00 for it!  I would gladly make the 45 minute drive each way for a Don Jose enchilada now.  Oh well, I guess I'll just keep on praying for a Don Jose Miracle!
5	Don Jose's was in business for over 41 years.  A young man had a dream to open a restruant with good, consistent and affordable mexican food where families could come and enjoy a delicious meal with-out breaking their bank.  And that is just what Joe Elias did.  Yes, the food was always excellent.  The service was good, because you were dealing with the owner himself, or one of his daughter's or son.  The decor, was well, second in his mind.  Don Jose knew you came for the food, and not the frills of fake flowers etc.  Don Jose did what he could to keep the costs down, so that you could keep eating great food--several times a week if you wanted.Today, Don Jose is well into a retirement age.  He vacations in cooler places when he can.  He relaxes more, and worries less, but he still thinks of you, and he wants you to know how very grateful he is that you appreciated what he did, and why he did it.  You were all his family.  I know how to get that great enchilada sauce. If you are interested, Drop a note under the now closed door, and someone will contact you.
5	Please remove that closed sign you have written across my old review.  Don Jose's is back in business!  I know.... miracles happen.  After 41 years as one of the best and most authentic Mexican food restaurants in Phoenix Don Joes's closed for a short period of time.  But alas, we can all stop the sniveling.  Don Jose's has reopened after a good deal of remodeling.  The best news is everything else is the same.  All of the great, reasonable and made to order food is one waitress from you getting exactly what we loved all those years of weekly dinner at this family owned restaurant.   Don Jose himself will be right there to greet you.  Same food, same great customer service.  What a great way to start the New Year
5	They are open again and some of the old staff is back!  The shredded beef they are using in Chimichangas was outstanding, rich but not greasy, a good chewy but not stringy.  KUDOS.  Welcome back and Good Luck.  So happy to have old fashioned mexican food within walking distance - yay for me!
5	Went with the fam tonight and it was just like old times.  Nothing has changed, thank heavens.  Hot sauce and chips: just right, not greasy.  Small, plastic tumblers filled with crushed ice--yes.  Combination #6 is my current favorite.  Enchilada sauce: not too thin not too thick.  Taco: small and crispy, not some huge crazy size.  Shredded cheese:  a nice sprinkling over taco, tostado, and cheese enchilada.  Cash only.  It's back--yea!
5	Yay!!!!!  We are one big happy familly that feels like Mama opened her kitchen back up. Basic Mexican food that has it's own special flavor. Nothing fancy and very reasonably priced.
5	Spousal Unit has insisted we come here just about every other day since they re-opened!  Its is BETTER every time, these guys are definitely shooting up the learning curve and refining their offerings as the kitchen staff gets comfortable back in that little area where the magic happens.  My current favs are the Bean Tostado (beans are fresh, smooth, creamy and don't seem to have any, er, side-effects if you know what I  mean!) and a crunchy shredded beef taco.  The shredded lettuce is fresh and crispy, good amount of shredded cheese and the Salsa has its Perky Personality back.  Good Work guys!
5	I have been eating at Dons since it opened in the 60's, so maybe I'm not the best to write a review or maybe I am?  Its the kind of place with a special taste that cannot be gotten anywhere else.  Its easy to slam the place if you think your an expert cause you been here since 87.  Well I have been her since 53 so I have a lot more history eating my favorite food.  I call Dons " classic valley of the sun sonoran style mexican food! " When I see the word AUTHENTIC, I want to run.  Have you ever eaten in Nogales, Mex.  Thats authentic and you can have it.  They only thing I'm not crazy about is their red or green chili burritos, not bad just not the best.  Their fries used to be the best I ever had, don't known since they reopened if they are the same.  I'm glad they reopened with new people, the prior owners had the personality of a fence post.  They used to nickle and dime you;  extra chips you paid for, ice tea refills cost; common this is Arizona.  I think they don't do this anymore.  Now if they would add chicken to the menu and how about a decent beer like Bohemia!  So I just have to say if you don't like the food you were weaned on the wrong style to start with.  Last thought, no indigestion.
4	There are not many places where you can get good food at very reasonable prices.  This is comfort Mexican done well, clearly the same way forever here.  What seems to have stayed the same over the years are the prices.  $3 for a bean burrito, $5 for a chimi.  Re-opening look the same with a new a clean kitchen.  Also, free refills on drinks and chips!  That's a good change.  Now that Don Jose is back, so will I.
1	My 2nd experience with this restaurant yesterday was NOT positive! A few weeks ago we heard that Don Jose's had reopened so my daughter & I went running over to try it out. The salsa was just as good as it was before but the cheese enchiladas were disappointing. The original Don Jose's cheese enchiladas were the BEST in the Valley. When I ordered a Togo for my husband I was told that they weren't doing "To Go's" yet and I would have to put it in the Styrofoam Togo box MYSELF. Yikes! The owner maybe didn't think that there was a liability to his customers by doing that themselves as the plates were steaming hot and I could have burned myself! I scooped the food from the STEAMING plate being very careful not to burn myself. BAD IDEA! And then there was yesterday. We attempted to go again with some friends of the family. We all "grew up" with Don Jose (including my Mom who ate there once a week when she worked at Anita's back in the day) and thought this would be a great restaurant to meet at. My sister, daughter & I were 45 minutes early to the restaurant . To our SHOCK the owner would not allow us to be seated because our "party" was not all there. There would be 7 of us and he would not hear of it! Hum...there were two big tables sitting there empty. I told the owner that were were tired (just having finished the Willo Home Tour in downtown Phoenix and saving our appetite for Don Jose's) and would be ordering our drinks and a cheese crisp to hold us over until the rest of the girls came. Nope...would not let us be seated and were told "that we had to think of him!" We then went outside and called the rest of our party and told them that the NEW OWNER would not let us sit down 45 minutes early so we would be going to "Manuel's" on 28th Street & Indian School to meet. There we WERE SEATED, spent $85 for the 7 of us PLUS $20 for additional takeout. Sorry NEW OWNER...you missed out on our patronage yesterday and forever! That negative voice and attitude better change because negative publicity travels quickly and in these challenging economic times that is financial suicide... no matter how you try to imatate something that can NOT be reinvented! Take it from a "wise Latina" your customers ALWAYS come first!
5	It's back, baby. And unlike most sequels, this one's as good as the original. In fact, the new Don Jose is so perfectly recreated that it's like they never left. The new owners are incredibly nice, and most importantly, they loved Don Jose as much as we did, and took great pains to get it right--including partnering with the original owner and family to make sure everything lived up to the name. I've eaten there twice since the reopen and it was like coming home again. I gained five pounds in a week, sure, but that's a problem for another day. Sure, foodie hipsters might not like the place--oh, they didn't redecorate! Waah, they didn't have huitlacoche or cochinita! Insufficiently complex notes in the salsa! Not enough bacon and bacon-related accessories! Egads, cold beef sandwiches!--Boo frickin' hoo. If you care about that stuff, this is likely not the kind of place you'll dig. I totally get that. I feel the same way when I go to a Mexican place that serves squid. Here's the purely objective truth: It's a little bit of a dive but that's just how we like it. It isn't "foodie", it's actual food. It's not trying to be anything it's not. No new frontiers or exotic taste adventures here. Just simple, tasty comfort food--classic Arizona Sonoran, with enough vintage American diner-style items to keep the grandparents happy--at a low price, in a warm, clean, classic, friendly old-school environment. If you dig that, you'll love it. If you need more, you'll find it elsewhere. Here the salsa's still tangy, the chips are just right, the beans--delicious. Tacos, burritos, enchiladas, combos, the works--just as it was. All is right with the universe.
1	Ok, I have to try to take this star rating of this place down a little. For the sake of those that pick a place based on the ratings, I think I owe it to them. I have lived by this place for years and always wondered why they hadn't torn it down because it was empty, and then one night the place was packed. I was very intrigued. And then when my husband described his receptionist declaring the reopening like it was a state holiday (with tears in her eyes) I thought "I gotta get me some of that!" We decided to go on an off hour on a Saturday and there was still a 45 minute wait. I liked the old inside, the no need to upgrade attitude was just my style. All of the anxiously waiting people and being right near the kitchen while waiting...I was screaming on the inside with excitement for the sure pleasure my taste buds were about to be hit with....and then we were seated. First, no alcohol. OK, this is a newly reopened place and may not have their license yet (darn I wanted a margarita!), oh well diet coke it is. They bring out a 6 oz cup of drink, a little syrup container of salsa (cute!) and a bowl of chips. I finished the drink in two sips, the salsa had no flavor, and I avoided the chips after the drink because I think the server was a blackbelt in avoiding interaction once the order was placed. The food came (and finally a refill, which I should have asked for no ice because the ignoring annoyed me the most) and we began to chow down. My husband got the chili relleno and I got the cheese enchiladas. My first bite I thought "hmmm this reminds me of that frozen crap my mom used to try to pass off on me" and I looked across the table to see my husband eyeing my food and his food barely touched. Now, my husband is an ex football player with a huge appetite that used to eat oysters out of a can in college, so that tells you something about his meal. Mine was edible and we shared with an overwhelming violated feeling . Surprisingly the server was very quick with the bill. I tried to talk my husband into not tipping but he is a gentleman. When I got home I began listing friends that I trusted their opinions to go and tell me that we are absolutely crazy (one of which likes Spam) and should give it another shot. The overall rating...bland, cheap and the salsa scared one of them (she described it like ketchup). Bottom line, don't be fooled like me. The place is no good and should have stayed closed (and I really wanted to like it!).
4	Stopped in here for the very first time today, for lunch.  After having read Joel's review here, I was amazed at how good it was!Yes, this place is a little long in the tooth (but it's nicer inside than Carolina's down here in the ghetto where I live, & that place earns high ratings from lots of us).  As soon as I sat down & looked around, I recognized it as being a former IHOP, a LONG time ago!  This is what they all looked like way back in the '60s.  It turns out that this one folded back then & reopened as Don Jose for 43 years (!), until it folded again before I got a chance to try it, a year or two ago.  Finally now, a customer has bought & reopened it (with the same cooking, I am told).  Here's how it went for me here today:The positives:*  Super friendly!  I felt as if I was the special guest of not only my server, but the entire staff (& this was at a busy lunchtime).*  The table service was perfect!  Shame on me for not getting my server's name, but she was great.  Other staffers stopped by the table several times too, to top of my water & give a smile.*  The salsa for the chips (& taco) came out in a syrup server with a little bowl on the side to pour your own.  Nice touch!*  The prep time of my lunch order was amazing!  Everything I ordered hit the table piping hot in about 5 minutes or less!  You could eat here on a half-hour lunch break & be back to work on time... & this was during the noon rush!*  I ordered the #3 Combo, which came with two medium sized Chiles Rellenos.  They were delicious, & so were the refried beans, which were covered with lots of melted cheese.  There was also a good amount of sauce & cheese around on the plate, to sop up with the big warm flour tortilla they give you on the side.  I ordered a shredded beef hard taco too, which was very good & had plenty of meat in it.*  Their menu is excellent!  They have LOW prices here for the ala carte items as well as the combo plates, so you can customize your order without spending too much.  (They're working on getting their beer license, by the way.)Negatives?  Ok, just a couple of things pulled this one down to a tic below 5 Stars for me:*  The layout of the dining room & the way the light comes in were only passable.  This is something that would be hard to fix...  It's just not as comfortable in here as, say, Juan's or Comedor Guadalajara.*  The chips were not up to par for a Mexican restaurant!  They seemed like the cheapest ones you can buy at the store, small, thin, & not quite enough of them (although you can order more for only 50 cents).  A generous serving of big thick chips, served hot, would have matched the rest of the excellent meal here! *  The salsa was made blender style & tasted good, but I personally prefer it chunky & a little spicier.  No demerits for the salsa, though.There's a lot to like about this place, & it's a high 4-Stars for Don Jose!     :-))Chile Rellenos Combo $6.50, Shredded Beef Taco $2.30
5	Having grown up in this neighborhood I always try to frequent the businesses in the area. Don Jose has always been my favorite for stopping in while visiting my mom's home nearby.  The food is consistently good and the prices are very reasonable.  When I go in the employees are very friendly and always on their toes with water or tea refills.  If you like a place that is inexpensive with great service and delicious Mexican food, I highly recommend it.  I like the lettuce and tomato burrito smothered with green chile sauce it's not on the menu but they make it up for me because I am vegetarian.
4	Great food for the price.  Everything we had was delicious and tasted fresh and authentic.  Customer service was great!  Bring some cash though, because it is cash only.
4	very good food served piping hot for a great price!the new owner is really friendly and he has hired a great staff!
1	Greasy, flavorless and unappealing. I will not go back here and recommend that you too find an alternate lunch stop.
4	First, let it be known that this is another Phoenix establishment that I have been eating at for all of my life, with the exception for the past few years while it was (sadly) closed.I really, really, really like Don Jose.  It's simple, no fuss and very affordable. And it's TASTY!  The staff has always been friendly in that "neighborhood restaurant" kind of way.  They hand you menus on the way in and tell you to sit where you like.  The glasses are cheap and brown and plastic, but thanks to the efficient bus staff, never empty.  The salsa (ahem, hot sauce), and chips are simple but yet it's impossible to stop shoveling them in, meanwhile insisiting that "I'm going to stop with this one, so I have room for my dinner."  And then, there's the quesdadilla - flat, thin, crispy, cheesey and delicious!  Is this the BEST mexican restaurant in all of Phoenix?  Maybe not...but what they do, they do very well!  So glad to have them back!
4	My review is purely based on nostalgia. Don Jose is the first restaurant I ever remember coming to. That was over 20 years ago. My dad used to go to the old original location at who knows where... So, to say that I know it well and it knows me is an understatement. The nice family who ran it knew our orders by heart and we came about once/week for many years. Imagine my upset to find out it was closing back in 2009. I wanted to have a cry. Even though my dedication had faltered in the past few years since I started college, I was still heartbroken that the old reliable Don Jose would not be there. In the two years that it was not open, I mourned and craved my cheese enchilada staple, along with my beans and a cheese crisp covered in hatch chiles... Of course, we covered everything in their simple yet amazing garlic-induced red salsa that has a certain jenesequa about it. When I heard they were opening up under a new owner but with the same menus, I teetered. What if it wasn't the same? What would I do then?!?! My heart would fall to the floor and my childhood restaurant ruined... I went for it. I ordered the same thing I have ordered for over 20 years: Two cheese enchiladas and a side of beans. They tasted... THE SAME! Delicious and simple! Awesome! The salsa? ALMOST the same. There was something different that I couldn't put my finger on. I would almost say they may just use a different brand of tomato sauce, that's how slight it is... And that shows how many gallons of the stuff I've consumed in my lifetime. Well, adieu old Don Jose owners and hola to the new! Thanks for bringing it back and letting me continue the enjoyment in the same old booths I've sat in for years. (But seriously... can't ya'll give those a little more cushion at some point? I was sinking last time.)
3	Well if you check and read my last review, I gave Dons a 5 star rating, but now I have to edit that.  Just to refresh I have been eating there since it opened.  Of course it was closed 3 years and I was glad it reopened.  Now to be honest there are other things to be considered when you choose to spend your money so Ill get right to the heart of why Im pissed off.  I put up with the lousy decor and an occassional spring in my ass and that they have not changed anything in 30+ years,, But that was all cool cause the prices were good and so was the food, but in 9 months they have raised their price 20 percent, why?  Those booths tables and everything in there has not changed in at least 25 years.  You see they think they have got the market cornered, so plain and simple its GREED.  Part of the alure of Dons was the good deal!  Who do the think they are,  Macayos,  Manuels, Ajo Als,  These are nice place with ambiance.  Dons is a dump, (have you gone to the restroom, it smells in there cause they have done nothing in years).  The new owners just are charging what the market will bear and if your all cool with that good for you, but I'm (at my age) tired of bending over and grabbing the ankles and Those new owners can Kiss my rosy backside.  Thanks for reading and for the few real people that get where I'm comin from I appreciat the hell out of you.  And thats  "THE TRUTH FROM THE TRUTH"  CIAU
1	Pretty ghetto. Cash only and Mexican food for gringos, ie not good. They charge you for more chips.
5	Still love this place!__
5	I have been going to Don Jose ever since I can remember.  I love the chips and hot sauce.  I always get hot sauce and chips to take home.  My favorite item is a beef burro enchilada style with a side of beans.  Their enchilada sauce is the best.  They also have the best cheese crisp in town.  I haven't found a cheese crisp that is as good as a Don Jose cheese crisp.  You must try the cheese crisp.
1	Tried this spot on a recommendation from a friend.  His words "dumpy building, but great food".  Oh he was right about the building!  But the food was horrible.  Let me define horrible in my terms- wouldn't feed it to a dog.  The beef taco was so dry even drenching it with their mediocre salsa didn't help.  Save your money, T Bell is an upgrade compared to this joint.
5	In Short GREAT FOOD, GREAT PRICE!  Wish it were on the west side. But we still seem to make it over.
5	All time favorite restaurant! Good prices, good food, fast service!!
1	The owner was so rude I walked out! And they only accept cash and the only reason I gave them a star is because the review made me! I mean this guy was ridiculous! I never had anyone greet me at the door like that!!
4	I've been going here for at least 12 years. They have great, friendly service, really good sauce with a spicy kick to it. The cheese crisp is fantastic (so simple yet so satisfying) and the tamales and chimichangas are very tasty; vegetarian versions are more to my liking because the beef in the enchiladas is a little dry but the sauce is good. Oh, and please get the Albondiga soup! Clear, tasty broth and lovely meatballs (just too few of them is all). All of the food is about above average, but not too heavy like other Mexican places and for the price point ($10 for rice, beans, taco, tostada, and enchilada?!), it's verging on fantastic.
5	the burrito was simply amazing!
4	This was just about the best Mexican food I have found here in Phoenix. Simple menu with their specialty being chimichanga's. They use a seasoned tortilla that is red and quiet delicious. It ad's the finishing touch. I would recommend their cheesy tortilla crisp. It is baked like a pizza, covered in melting cheddar cheese and strips of roasted green peppers. If you go, bring your cash. They do not accept anything else but cash. But, it is extremely affordable. Late lunch for 2 including: 2 great margaritas, cheesy pizza and we split the chicken chimi that comes with rice & beans = $25 including tip. We overstuffed ourselves!! We definitely could have gotten by with less for sure. It is located in an old waffle/breakfast house building with a read roof. Very old school, hole in the wall, very friendly service! Smiles abound. It is just a cool place that has been in Phoenix forever and has good cheap food. What's better than that!
4	Great food, good memories... Must pay in cash is the only issue. However, it's family owned and you can appreciate the passion of a small business owner through the quality of the food.I've asked several times, they swear there's not secrets in making their ice tea. But, for whatever reason it's very very refreshing! Chips are made fresh and the salsa has a nice surprise heat. "Just" spicy enough, you could eat a couple gallons of the stuff and not get tired of the flavor.
3	Small albondigas? One meatball for you. Large albondigas? Two meatballs.Friendly service, simple food, lots of grease. And don't take the grease comment as a dig: if everything you're eating has been piled high with queso or deep-fried, a little complimentary lip gloss should be expected. That might have provided too much of a mental image, please forgive me.Tip: Bring cash. But you won't need much, the fare is pretty inexpensive.There are velvet bullfighter paintings on the walls, which is awesome. And the stinginess with the meatballs? It just keeps me wanting more.
5	family friendly, divey little place.  a.m. radio and bullfighter paintings complete with red booths and formica tables.  very old school atmosphere.  this place is clean, cheery, and has friendly charming service and staff who remember your regular order, and sometimes your name.  the food is classic old school sonoran style with gorgeous and flavorful sauces and cheese.  the hot sauce is to die for...served in a thumb- triggered, red handled syrup bottle, just like hot sauce should be.  if you are looking for a sexy date night, this isnt it.  but if you want some good old fashioned mexican comfort food with a friendly smile at a good price, this place is it. love it.  i get takeout from here every week and i marvel at how Fast they are!
5	Ummmmmmm....I would give this place a million stars if it would let me.This place is a family favorite.  Sooooooo yummy.  My parents have been taking us there since I was a baby.  I swear it is the only place they took us out for dinner growing up (well, actually they took us to Ricardo's a couple of times but that place is no mas).  We all love it!My Dad used to tell my sister and I that we had to have our wedding reception there.  Back then, I was horrified and even cried over it.  Now, I think it is a brilliant idea.  I've never been married but my sister is getting married in October.  Her reception is going to be at The Desert Ridge Marriott---I think she should have gone with Don Jose!Yeah, it's divey and they don't have limes for the beer but it is the most ultimate, yummy Mexican food on the planet.  The chips and hot sauce are so amazing.  I wish I could hook myself up to an IV of the hot sauce- it is sooooooo yummy!  The enchilada sauce and the beans are also to die for.  Everything in the place is so awesome!The one thing I am upset about is they took away the orange soda.  I don't know about you but Mexican food and orange soda are the perfect pair to me.  Bring it backkkkk!  :)
5	This place is Yummy. Must get a cheese crisp, with your meal. The only down side is that they take cash only. Wait that's a good thing, because their prices are so reasonable. My friend highly recommended it, and I also highly recommend it.
5	Great value for the price! The servers were super nice and attentive. Food is delicious! Probably the best tamales I've ever had. Def will come back.
5	I swear I drive past this little Mexican restaurant multiple times a week and have never noticed it. One night, we were craving some quality Mexican food and started exploring Yelp to find a nearby Mexican spot that we had never tried and had good reviews. We called to see what time they were closing, because it had conflicting results when we tried to figure it out online. The staff answered and stated that they were closing in 5 minutes, but very kindly said that we could order and pick up if we could make it there within 10 minutes. We don't live too far so it was doable, and we gratefully made our way there while still on the phone ordering. I didn't have too much time to ponder on what I would order so I skimmed through the menu and decided on the shredded beef (machaca) burrito-enchilada style (I'm a fatkid). My man got the combo #1, which included 2 enchiladas, a taco and beans. Both orders smelled amazing, it was hard not to pounce into it in the car. When we got home and started grubbin' it was scrumptious!!! I had to give this place 5 stars based on their awesome customer service and delicious food. I am definitely going to have a hard time ordering something different next time because the burrito was so satisfying. We plan to come back and actually sit and eat for a meal, some happy hour and looking forward to their taco Tuesday! The new menu is a little bit different than the one posted on the Yelp page and they gave us one with our pickup order. I'll post it when I get a chance :). They only take CASH so be prepared!! Definitely a good find, THANKS YELP!
5	Consistent quality and flavors. The hot sauce is legendary.
4	Being from TX and OK most of my life, I have a certain expectation for Mexican food, and unfortunately numerous places I tried in Phoenix haven't fit the bill - until I found this place.  Only drawback is the menu is small (no fajitas for example), but if you are looking for good chips and salsa and a good enchilada then look no further.  Keep in mind this place looks like a complete hole, and only takes cash.  Enjoy!
2	The food here is mediocre at best. I went after reading all the above positive reviews and was really disappointed.  The service was great, hence the 2 stars, but my relleno was soggy and my tamele looked & tasted like it was made in a factory.  The guacamole was decent and at $3 I didn't care that the margarita tasted like a mix.
5	Fundido style is great...and the machaca always meets expectations. I  am happy with the side dish of refried beans, which is great with everything.Also, it's a Mom-and-Pop place, not a chain.  Love It!!!
3	This certainly wasn't the worst Mexican food I have eaten, but it wasn't the best.  One reviewer claimed the salsa was tomato sauce with chili powder.  It wasn't.  It had a mild flavor with a slight tang of spicy.  It was on par with Pace Picante.  I had the Cominbation #2 with a shreaded beef taco, tamale, and cheese enchilada with rice and beans on the side.  The sauce on the tamale was my least favorite.  The taco was good but nothing to ooh and aah about.  The enchilada was a flat pancake of cheese and tortilla, but it was tasty none the less.  The beans and rice were not on par with my local Mexican joint in San Diego.  The $3 margarita was enjoyable and worth the money.  I have had worse and paid a lot more.  Over all it was an average joint.  But the staff was very friendly and helpful.  Would I go back?  Maybe, but there are a lot of other Mexican places to try before I return.
5	People working there are nice. Good food.
4	This place was exactly what we needed. After hiking three days in the Grand Canyon, we wanted good, solid Mexican food in an unpretentious atmosphere. We also needed a place close to the airport. The staff was friendly without being fake, location was good, and food did not disappoint.
4	One day, a few years back, I stopped talking to a friend. I was upset, but dealing well with it, because I was on my way to console myself with a bag of Don Jose's chips and sauce. Then, I saw the For Sale sign on the lot and burst into tears. This restaurant has been around since before I was born. My dad told me he used to eat here when he moved to the Valley in 1966. So, you can imagine my excitement when it reopened. Especially when the restaurant and food were the same.If you're looking for high quality pretentious style Mexican food, this isn't the place. If you're looking for inexpensive, plain old simple Mexican food, a nice staff, and a good price, pop on over. I can never decide between the chimi and the Mexican pizza. Pick your own favorite.
5	First time here. Smoked chicken tastes amazing. Salsa is excellent . Water service on point. Food came out quick , hot , and tasty. Decently priced
5	The bomb dot com. I feed my unborn child Don Jose. I feed my grandma Don Jose. I hear angels sing when I bite into those pork tacos. Machaca is on point. Chicken tacos are delicious. They even have good desserts. Plus it's all cheap. I LOVE THAT SAUCE.
5	My favorite place. My family has been coming here for generations. ...since they have been opened. Love this place!!!!
5	I love this place. Nothing fancy but the salsa is amazing. Start with a cheese crisp and ask for extra salsa. You will not be disappointed with this place. Old school charm and great prices. Really happy they came back, I was going crazy not being able to get my fix.
3	Stopped by here cause of some good reviews and cause my hunger! Lol.Anywho, the food was amazing!! The costumer service was great too! Everytime I took a sip of my water it was always refilled right away! I could not never get it empty ! Now to the reason why it's only 3stars... I ordered a chimichanga and for those who know a chimichanga are always very big, bigger than a burrito. So I ordered one and when i got it we'll it was not big. It looked like a quesadilla !! Not even close to a burrito. Other than the small food. Great place. Make sure you bring MONEY!! They do not accept any sort of debit/credit cards.
5	I love this place! I have been eating here for years and was so sad when it closed for a bit. The new owners are AMAZING! Their dedication for maintaining the original food and atmosphere yet adding new items that compliment the old is incredible. The food is as good as ever. I truly love this place. Order the cheese chips and tacos!
5	I've been eating here for years now. The food is absolutely fantastic. Clean, neat and a fun place to relax and enjoy the great food.
3	Cash only, but there's an ATM.  Dirt cheap.  Just the basics here...tacos, burros, enchiladas, etc.  This is old school atmosphere here, too.  And by old school, I don't mean 2002.  Very bare bones.  In fact, I'm pretty sure I had been in the building before as a little kid in the early 70's.  I know, I look a lot younger don't I?  I felt like it was once the International House of Pancakes, before "IHOP."  Maybe a long-time Phoenician could tell me if I'm crazy.Anyway, on to the food.  I think Don Jose's is one of those places that if you have a history with it, you love it.  For everyone else, it's just okay.  I had a taco, green corn tamale, and enchilada.  The taco and enchilada were pretty good, but the cheese inside the tamale was too stringy.  And not stringy in a good way because it's hot and melty.  Stringy in a bad way like maybe it was microwaved and then cooled off.  They do things the hard way and serve soft drinks in small cups, but I will say they were never empty.  The wait staff was all over that.  But their cheese crisp is 10 stars!  Just the right balance of crispiness, yet still foldable.  And their hot sauce was pretty good, too!  I'm sure I will be back for that!
5	Perhaps some of the best tacos I have ever had. They had a great smoke flavor to them. The beans and the rice were on par as well. Our whole table was happy and the service (speed of food too) was really really fast. I wish they were a bit closer to my side of town.
5	5 stars for what it is...good food, good price, and excellent service. The staff is incredibly friendly! Nice to get a solid meal and not have to worry about dressing up at all!
5	Same delicious food I remember when I was a member of the family... taco was excellent... tostada was delicious... enchilada was the best...definitely recommend Don Jose's to everyone... Thank you Joe for allowing what you started, to continue on for future generations through new ownership...
4	Love there red sauce for there enchiladas.. FYI, they only accept cash but they do have an ATM.
4	Looks like E Thomas Blvd is the spot for good Mexican food!  2 for 2 so far!After my meal last night, the Mexican food bug was implanted in my body and soul.  I needed more, pronto!  I drove down here because of the good reviews on Yelp.  I was happy I took the drive.They start you out with some chips and salsa.  I then ordered the "Don Jose Special" which consists of a beef tamale, cheese enchilada, bean tostada, beef taco, rice or beans and corn or flour tortillas.  This special came with a drink too.  Total was $11.00.  Here is how everything was..............Chips and salsa-  This was the only thing that I was not truly impressed with.  The chips were nice and thin but they weren't even warm and they weren't salted either.  The salsa that they serve is more of a puree.  No chunks in it.  They both tasted just ok. I've had much better elsewhere although I can think of some places that are worse too.Beef Tamale-  This was a large tamale stuffed with shredded beef/machaca.  It was covered in red sauce and was pretty hefty in size.  It was a little dry, but the beef was flavored well and the sauce tasted pretty good.Cheese Enchilada-  I am usually not the biggest fan of enchiladas but this one was great!  Plain and to the point.  Lots of cheese, and lots of onions which I love.  This thing was also covered in their red sauce.  It was really good!Bean Tostada-  Simple and to the point.  Beans, lettuce, cheese on top of a fried tortilla shell.  I like how it held up and was still crispy/crunchy even though I ate it awhile after it came to the table.  It was a good tostada!Beef Taco-  A little bit small but packed with flavor.  It reminded me of a Lolitas beef taco, just smaller in size.  The beef was seasoned well and they topped this with a lot of cheese.  I was pretty impressed!Diet Coke- Coke products which is awesome.  The only bad thing about the drink was the size of the cup it was served in.  Couldn't have been more than 8 ounces.  It was like a tiny orange juice glass.  Free refills at least.Service was friendly and to the point.  Their a la carte prices on things seemed a bit high so I won't be rushing back to try out other things.  If in the area again, and craving Mexican food, there will be no hesitation to come back though.  Everything was pretty darn tasty and the combo plate was priced well for the sheer amount of food you receive.  Cash only!
1	Good serves. But got bad serves from the owner (cashier). We had no idea it was Cash Only. We ate there before, but had no problems. Until we were ready to pay, he told us Cash Only & said there's an ATM machine. Which we had no problem using, because we didn't feel right leaving a good restaurant without paying. So after getting the money, he got mad because we didn't leave a TIP. We are good citizen and know hardship when it comes to having no money or not having enough money. So we always leave a TIP when we eat out, just that we had no money at that time, we only had a debit card. He should've asked nicely to leave a TIP. But he took $6 from us and said NEVER COME BACK!! Who does and says that??
2	Cash Only!!  Muy importante!I kind of feel bad doing this because we ordered the cheeseburger at a Mexican restaurant, but even our worst expectations were blown away.  You get a school cafeteria type burger with a patty as slim and small as McDonalds but without the flavor and fried crispy.  It's such a weird texture...  No tomato or onion, just a little bit of shredded lettuce.  The fries were soggy with oil, obviously not cooked at the right temperature and very unappetizingly brown.  Oy!I wouldn't rate it so bad just on the cheeseburger, though it was pretty darn bad.  I had a burrito enchilada style with some rice and it had much to be desired as well.  It was edible, there's some dry shredded beef in the middle of a tightly rolled burrito.  The "smothering" of enchilada sauce and cheese left much to be desired.  I usually don't like a huge pile of cheese on top but this was laughable as it probably covered maybe half the burrito.  I guess the ration of sauce and cheese is about 2 tablespoons.  The chips were good, but I don't think you should be able to call hot sauce salsa.  It's more like hot sauce, no chunks of anything and not much seasoning of anything.I think I'll check out Del Taco before coming here again sorry to say..
4	So far the many times I have been here this is my first review of this place but it's really good. So far the times I have come it has been worth it to drive from where I live to here.. It's quite good and keeps me going back..
4	I've been here a handful of time, and have yet to be disappointed. You start with chips and salsa which are nothing more than average. I ordered the Don Jose Special it comes with a tamale, cheese enchilada, shredded beef taco, and a bean tostada, with a choice of rice or beans. Everything was amazing, my personal favorite was the tacos! It's a small restaurant but don't let the size intimidate you, the food is delicious. Best part is their only 2 minutes away from me :)
