4	Julio G's lunch menu offers some very delightful dishes.  I recommend the beef flautas special with rice and beans. The wait staff was very nice and efficient.  Good group restaurant spot!
4	This is reliable Mexican/American style food that is always tasty and has yet to disappoint.  The salsa is good, the chips are hot and the margaritas are always great.  I have never had anything less than great service here also.  They were even very patient and helpful when I went there with my nephews and niece who had never tried Mexican food before.  This is a safe place to take visitors from out of town who want to try Mexican.
4	Rhonda's review of that it's a "safe place to take visitors from out of town who want to try Mexican" is absolutely perfect.  It's good solid food.  But my problem is though I've been here several times nothing really sticks out at me as being exceptional.  Not the service or the atmosphere or a particular dish.  Normally it would.  Their Pollo Magnifico was good - but it's not specifically better than the same basic dish at other restaurants (Poco Pollo con queso at Ajo Al's or Pollo Fundito at Valle Luna and a few other spots).The building is cute, and it's in a good location to hit up some other things while you're in the area.  It's a nice and shiny kind of spot, but I'd still generally chose Los Olivos over it even if it is a bit older.  The service is always good though, so I'll let that push this 3 1/2 star spot up to a 4th star.
4	I don't usually frequent Julio G's. Maybe because I'm so picky about Mexican food and I prefer to cook it myself. But recently while at a friends wedding I was amused to find Julio G's was doing the catering. She was a bit obsessed with them, and she has been living in Oklahoma for school. Everything tasted really good and I had seconds of the Pollo Magnifico which was excellent! The chicken was very tender and it was nice and cheesy just the way I like it! It definitely made me consider going there soon!
1	This place is officially off of our rotation and we will never return! We spent a nice weekend in San Diego and decided on the way home we would have a Mexican lunch. Well we got here and were sat immediately which is pretty normal.. then we waited for 10 minutes before we finally asked for some service as we were still sitting without water and chips. So the hostess sat us somewwhere else.. we sat another 5 minutes with no service. We got up an left with a vow to never return!By the way this place was filthy, dirty.. I'm still pretty upset about this and am hungry as we just came home mad.  Gawd I hate bad service!
2	food was nothing to complain about but does mexican food have to cost more than $5?  if you enjoy paying $10-15 per person for beans, rice and tortillas, then you've found the right place.  we ate there at night and they seated us in a few adjacent booths where lights were burned out and we could hardly see who was sitting next to us.we left a tip and some extra for the light bulbs.
3	This is one of those places that although I can't say I love the food, I continue to come back because it's right up the street from home.  I've never had anything here I thought was great, but I've never had anything I thought was bad either.  Chips are always hot-big plus.  My husband and I share the Julio's appetizer platter for our meal quite often-more than enough for two and a little bit of everything.  I do think the guacamole is above average as it should be for $7.50.  It's nice that it's mostly avocado rather than a vegetable garden with a teaspoon of avocado for color.This is a great place to take those Midwesterners who think Taco Bell qualifies as a Mexican restaurant.  Always reasonably clean so good for your germaphobic friends who don't understand a little hot sauce on the menu is a sign it's so good you can't put your chip down long enough to read the menu.  We've always had excellent service as well.
2	I went there with my mom right after moving in, because it is the closest restaurant to my place, and we had heard some good things from my real estate agent.  The chips and salsa were pretty standard, if a little bland.  Little did i know that the blandness would only continue.  I had steak fajitas, and I swear, they were completely unseasoned.  While there is something to say about enjoying the taste of the meat, the steak used was not exactly USDA prime.  My mom had the spinach enchiladas, and she said they were flavorless as well.  The worst part, is that the large helping of refried beans I had in my plate, had several uncooked beans that were, in fact, crunchy.  This Mexican restaurant that messed up standards like refried beans and steak fajitas does not have a repeat customer here, despite its proximity.
2	Uhhh, I think my neighbor is on crack.  He said, "Julio G's is the best!...blah blah blah...the food is so good...blah blah blah"  When he should have said, "Dude, stay the hell away from Julio G's, their steak effing tastes like cardboard."I'd give it 1 star, but I reserve that for restaurants that have exceptionally bad service as well as food. J.G's had decent service, awful food.I can't think of a single good reason to go to Julios G's.
2	An interesting experience to say the least. Went there with a buddy from out of town and we couldn't stop chuckling at the service. Now, it more or less entertained us while waiting for the food to arrive so fine by me. Chips were good not great. Once the food did arrive, my friends beans weren't the least bit warm, other than that, enchiladas  were up-to-par.  I'll go back when I want to be semi-entertained.
4	Spinach Enchiladas.  I always go in meaning to try something else, but that has been a losing battle so far.  Although enjoying those enchiladas can hardly be considered losing!This probably my favorite restaurant in the vicinity of my work.  The atmosphere, service and food are really excellent.  It is a little more expensive than many (particularly Mexican) restaurants, but worth it from time to time.
3	Desperate to find a patio bar that wasn't packed and didn't require us to have our Scottsdale faces on - we found ourselves at Julio G's. We've eaten here many times and it's mostly "meh". Today we split the Pollo Magnifico and it was delicious. The service was prompt and courteous. The weather was beautiful- great day for patio dining.The tables turned out to be an issue for me. They're those iron tables with all the holes in them..you know, like a grid. Okay well, stuff is going to spill, right? Yes, right. Even though I had a napkin on my lap oil from the cheese crisp (thinking about that oil makes me want to hurl) dripped through the table on to the napkin, through the napkin and on to my jeans. Salsa- drip, yep- on my jeans. I swear I'm not a messy eater but think about it, how many times have you dripped a tiny bit on the table? Now imagine that going right through the table on to your pants and shoes or whatever else is under the table. It'sanissue.If you eat on the patio, bring a towel.  What if you accidentally spilled a beer? Water? I don't even want to think about it.
3	A friend took me to Julio G's a few years ago when he and I started talking about  cornbread and green chile tamales.  It was he who recommended Bandera's for the best skillet cornbread!  And so he offered to buy me dinner.I've passed JG's many times, but never stopped in, bec. I didn't particularly care for the front (or whatever side it is that faces the street) area.  Very colorful, yes, but too much disarray for my brain to process.  However, once inside, I found a clean, still vibrant atmosphere, but less cluttered.I recall thinking that the green chile tamale was just mediocre in flavor.  I do remember thinking that Jalapeno's (on N. Scottsdale Rd. and Pinnacle Peak?) complimentary appetizer version was so much better. That's 1-1 for my friend.  I can't wait to give another reco of his a try soon!
5	I had been to Julio G's before, but didn't remember it being this good. I got a combo plate with Chile Relleno, Cheese Enchilada, and a Chicken Taco. It was also served with rice and beans. The waiter brought over 5 plates, and we all figured he had food for two tables on his tray...but it was all for us. The rice and beans required their own seperate plates! I managed to eat it all and had a strawberry margarita as well. All very good and filling.
3	This place is a notch above most local chain Mexican joints- Better than El Torito, Macayos, Manuels, Gardunoas, and Garcias. Its a colorful place, reasonably priced, good atmosphere, and easy to park. I used to eat at Julio's To Go up on Camelback when I worked in the area, way better than fast food Mexican a la Baja Fresh or Chipotle. Its pretty good, better than average. I like this place.
2	I think this restaurant is overpriced.  I recommend ordering from the ala carte menu.  The chips are good (and thin; I like thin chips).  The guacamole was bad.  I think sour cream is used as a "filler."  However, the meal that I ordered (a simple taco with beans/rice) was good.  Nothing stands out as far as I am concerned though.....
5	Two words- Pollo Magnifico.I don't care what anyone says, I love you Julio G!  The rice has carrots and peas in it!  I love that too.This is Sonoran style and it's my favorite style.  This is my go to place now that I moved back to Scottsdale.  My best friend and I have been meeting up a Julio G's for lunch since we learned how to drive.
2	Queso dip was good and I loved the thin crispy tortilla chips, but everything else was below average as far as food goes.  Service was alright, atmosphere and fun and lively, but it also wasn't terribly clean.The parking is a royal pain to figure out for the first time, or if it's been awhile since your last visit.
3	Still reliably "decent."  Food is just okay in my book.  I don't care for either the red or the green chile or their supposedly "award-winning" tamales, but I am a fan of the tijuana tacos and their guacamole tostadas, the latter mostly because they heap on a ton of guac and I can convince myself they are "heart healthy" and eat it all guilt-free.Pretty bad service tonight for the last half of our meal, but I can't blame the server.  Somehow he got stuck with a table of 8-10, all straggling in separately and indecisive, plus two other tables arriving at the same time.  I actually saw our server running through the restaurant, and I mean running.  Yet, we saw plenty of other employees virtually comatose.  Nice teamwork there.  On the plus side,  my husband was lucky enough to catch a glimpse of Arizona's next parent of the year digging the fruit out of her cocktail and feeding it to her baby.  At least give the baby her own drink.  Geez!
2	Three words: Too Many Colors. I was taken aback by the fifties-diner-esque magenta, sky blue and black tiles and neon lights all over the walls. My eyes were entirely too dazzled to comprehend that this is supposed to be a Mexi joint. We ordered a taco/enchilada combo plate and the chicken fajitas with a couple of margaritas. The food was nothing to write home about. American-style mexican food, slightly less flavorful than El Torito. The margaritas (well tequila of course, with extra ice), were not too watered down and had decent flavor and gave me enough of a buzz to run across the street on the way home into oncoming traffic to get "something sweeeet!!" at CVS.
3	I'd describe Julio G's as perfectly adequate.  It's the place to go when you want a reasonably priced lunch or are having the occasional craving for the Americanized- Mexican that we grew up on.  The chile rellenos do stand out.  Most everything else gets lost in the enchilada-burrito shuffle.
3	This place reminds me of a outdated concept restaurant in Downtown Vegas. This place needs a renovation.  The food is decent but it looks all the same.  Beans, rice and cheese.  The margarita are awesome and cheap.  I love seeing young Snottsdale chicks walking in and afraid to order.  They know they are getting a 4000 calorie meal.This place isn't bad, but it isn't good.  It's just a block away from my house and my pregnant wife sometimes get's the urge.
4	Go here often with my mom for Lunch, Food is tasty and Salsa is great.  Love the Chimis and my mom likes the fish tacos.   Always look forward to eating here.
1	The decor was that of a 50's Mexican diner if there is such a thing. We hadn't even sat down when the chips and salsa arrived. That was nice. As usual, we ordered pico de gallo for the chips which was just ok. Not fresh made but at least not out of a jar like the salsa tasted.We had the steak fajitas. I can't say anything nice about it. It was the same plain, bland fajita that you can order at any chain store across Canada or the USA. The service was good but not enough to bring me back. I think this is the step between Taco Time and an authentic Mexican restaurant. You should skip this place.
1	Julio G's resides at the very bottom of the barrel when it comes to Mexican food in the valley. From the outside the bright and vividly colored building might make you think that it's some tasty independently owned hole in the wall, but don't fall for the mirage... you're walking into a dungeon of greasy food and bad service. It took about five minutes to completely be turned off by this place. We sat down and were greeted by what had to be one of the most disinterested waitresses I've ever had. She had this vibe going that made us feel like we were inconveniencing her just by being there... her non-descript facial expression and attitude were overshadowed only by her terrible service; which could best be described as 'going through the motions' (even that is giving her too much credit though). Opening the menu yielded even more dissatisfaction... the menu itself was drab and gimmicky and was full of unflattering pictures of the food; making it feel like a chore to even pick out something that looked appetizing. One thing I noticed immediately that should have been a red flag was that for all of their chicken dishes, they charged about three dollars extra for white meat... that's never a good sign. We eventually settled on a chorizo breakfast quesadilla and their sampler platter which included one of just about everything on the menu. The breakfast quesadilla was massive... it must've weighed about three pounds, the taste was okay but it was dripping with grease and after just a few bites it was hard to stomach any more of it. Our other dish; the sampler platter could best be described as a plate of hot garbage. The assortment of food was thrown on the plate and absolutely smothered with cheese... way too much cheese; in fact the plate itself was literally swimming in cheese which almost seemed to be liquefied... more than likely just an artery clogging mixture of melted cheese and grease. The meal was such a grease bomb that we probably ate about 20 percent of it, yet we felt like our stomachs were going to explode when we were done. There is that nice full feeling you get after you eat a well made meal at a good restaurant, then there is that feeling you get after you eat something like Julio G's; that feeling can best be described as 'Where's the toilet?'. To wrap up the lovely meal, the waitress messed up the bill and charged us for both of our drinks even though one of them should have came free with our breakfast quesadilla. At that point though, it was a mute point and we didn't have the energy or patience to try and explain what had happened to her, at risk of causing her brain to short circuit. This is a place I can firmly say I won't be returning to under any circumstance. Julio G's is a poster child for everything a restaurant should NOT be. Bland and boring greasy food, huge portions but zero quality, and a wait staff that you'd swear just woke up from a long nap. To top it all off, the prices are a tad steep for a Mexican restaurant... so basically there's no reason at all to ever try this place. You've been warned... bleh.
2	I definitely would not suggest anyone go here for dinner especially if you are on any sort of time crunch. The food is OK- I like going here for Lunch to take a TO GO order but never ever will I eat in the restaurant again. Ive gone four times to give them a shot at winning me over- they failed big time. Seriously not good service..very slow and every time Ive eaten there they have messed up my groups order tremendously. Just say No unless you are in a hurry for a quick lunch- in which case their Pollo Magnifico is pretty good.
4	I've been going to Julio's in Scottsdale for many years.  I love their Pollo Magnifico and their albondigas (Mexican meatball soup) is the best.  If you don't like beans and rice, they will sub salad or sauteed veggies.  It's been my experience that the servers are attentive and efficient - for a smile they will often bring free dessert!
5	Early Bird Specials!!!  Yummy
2	This place has pissed me off for the last time.  Well, probably not the last time, but it should be.  I've not been a regular because the food is so incredibly awesome, it's just okay.  I've been a regular because of the location and the reliably good service.  That seemed to all change once smoking was banned in the bar.  They are now eager to sit you in the bar as much as they can, especially if you come during a slow period.  I don't have a problem with that except the service really sucks in the bar.  We've given them several chances, and it's always the same.  Last night after braving the flood waters, we left before we ever saw drinks as the only server in the area was too busy chatting it up at the bar to ever come over.  But on a positive note, the hostess who seated us thanked us for coming in.  She's an observant one.
1	I can't in good conscience recommend this restaurant to anyone with taste buds. The food here is utterly horrible. My first mistake of the evening was choosing this place for dinner. The second mistake of the evening was choosing the "Carnitas Plate" for my meal. I don't know about you, but my idea of carnitas is slow roasted pork cooked on a spit. What I got were hard chunks of pork that had been dredged in flour(or something) and then deep fried. I couldn't believe it was my meal when it arrived because it looked so far from carnitas I didn't recognize it. I tired to eat a piece of it but it was too horrible to eat. Instead i decided to make my third mistake of the evening which was to try a bite of my wife's food. Yuck! She ordered their signature dish which was called "Pollo Magnifico" and I assure you, it was far from magnifico. It consisted of pieces of dry hard chicken that had been wrapped in a flour tortilla, smothered in cream cheese and covered with melted cheddar cheese. Even with the cream cheese and cheddar cheese, the chicken was too dry to eat. The most surprising point of the evening was when the waiter came to take our check. He actually seemed surprised that neither one of us touched our food and didn't want a take home box. I find it hard to believe that we were the first people that found this food inedible. At any rate, don't go here. Ever! It is disgusting.
2	Bleh. Thats all i'm gonna say.
2	Okay, this place has received a ton of slack from prior reviews. I am not a huge fan of the food nor the 1950's style decor, but the people are nice and I have been more than satisfied with the spinach queso dip. I actually do get a craving for it which draws me every few months to that bright turquoise and black decor. The lunch menu is very reasonable and the lunch portion of the pollo magnifico was good! What this place lacks in food, is made up in quick, fairly friendly service, and an area that is convenient to downtown Scottsdale and the Giants Spring training stadium. I like the breezy patio area but the big black birds that stalk the fallen corn chips under your chair are a bit frightening. But after a game this March, I am actually looking forward to spinach dip and margarita at Julio G's.
4	If you like Chicken and you LOVE cheese, and aren't counting the calories, you must get the Pollo Magnifico. It's a deep fried burro filled with chicken and topped with jalapeno cream cheese, cheddar cheese and served with rice and beans. So delicioso. Yea that was the lil bit of hispanic girl coming out, don't laugh. lolThe service is A-Ok but the Food I'm definitely a fan of!
1	This place serves some sort of food but it is not Mexican.   Please, please avoid the grease bomb served here.    If you must go across the street to the In n out burger joint.  Nassssttyyyy.
3	I used to enjoy this for lunch on occasion - Sorry to say it CLOSED a couple months ago... I think "Julio's Too" is still open.
1	After many years Julio Gs has shut their doors for the final time. Julio's Too on camelback is still going if you need to get your fix of Julios food. Lots of memories of eating at Garcias and Julios at this location, sad to see it shuttered.
1	My best friend and i used to go here after school when we were in high school. We got kicked out because we were laughing loud (wasn't busy at 3-330p) and because i left a 50 cent tip because of poor service. i agree with the reviews their service isn't great and the waitress got the gall to tell us you can't pay a waiter a tip like that we live off on %5.15/hr i said that is not our problem tell your managers to pay you more plus anybody can leave you a good tip, poor tip, or no tip at all!we were asked to leave because of that and the blonde manager was such a you know what! last time we went there, they got new people but the blonde manager was still there eyeing me and my friend all the time lol. back in 05 or 06, i got some money to take my boyfriend there to try it out. he liked the food as we both did but haven't been back in a long time.the restaurant needs more training on manners and good service! it was the service that was bad more than anything else. it's not the customers' fault that you are getting paid on tips and a low wage if you thought it's scottsdale that you'd be getting 11/hr think again!
5	This was my families favorite spot for dinner. Graduation? Julio GsFamily in Town? Julio GsMeet the new Boyfriend? Julio GsThe Polli Magnifico was to DIE for. I got it almost every single time. There are multiple places who try to capture the magic, and fall short. Every single time I drive by their old location, I feel a little sad inside. There "To Go" Julio 2's just isn't the same. Nor is their location in Paradise Valley. RIP Scottsdale Julio G's
5	I miss this place. :-(
