2	I stayed at this Hotel on 10/8.  We checked in about 3am, after almost falling asleep at the wheel.  I was advised the cost of the room was $69 + taxes, but when we went to check out they had added on an additional $32. not advising me of the charges.  It wasnt until I looked at my bank statement did I see the charges.  While we slept someone broke into our truck and stole a very expensive printer and the clerk refused to look at the camera to see who it might of been that stole it.  I called the owner Mr Shamsher Singh and  he advised me I had signed for the extra charges one being the charge for having pets in the room. And also told me he wasnt responsible for the theift. At check in I was never advised of the charges nor was I asked if I had pets.  I feel its the responsiblity of the check in clerk to advise the customer of the charges before they sign the papers.
1	Um...Wow!  I don't think they have maid service in this dive of a hotel.  After checking in, I opened the blinds.  Filthy windows with lips, nose and tongue marks from what looked like children who stayed their before me.  Room reeked of something nasty like urine, mold and mildew all mixed together.  Went to use the bathroom and it's a good thing I didn't sit.  The man who stayed there before me had peed all over the seat and nobody bothered to clean it before giving the room to someone new.  Went back to the lobby to get a new room.  At least the toilet was clean in this one.  But the sink had some dirty stains all over it from the last guest.  And their hairs were still in the shower which was apparently not cleaned.  All of the water cups in the room had holes in them and were unusable.  The bath towels were all different shades of stained dingy white covered in dirt and I had to borrow towels from the friends I was visiting.  Scared of the bed, so I slept with all of my clothes on.  Worst motel I have ever stayed in and definitely way over priced.
1	Absolutely disgusting! Our family had to check in to this over-priced roach motel because our air conditioner broke last night and this was closest to the house. We were charged $95 after our AAA discount and I wish we had just gone to the Wigwam for that price!The room was left in a disgusting state. I didn't want to touch the sink, as it had not been wiped down prior to our check in. There were stains all around it and on the counter, and a suspicious-looking curly hair by the mirror. *shudders* Seriously, I think I have PTSD from the horrendous conditions.The shower had someone else's hair on the wall, a crack on the floor and both towels looked as though someone had not bothered to wash nor change them. One of the lamps was unusable because someone broke the switch off. (Was Bruce Banner staying here before us and the state of the room just made him really angry?)Then you go outside the room to the parking lot, only to have to dodge puddles of old vomit and overflowing trash bins. Yuck!Then to top it all off, the customer service is sorely lacking. The clerks are apathetic at best. No one asked how our stay was. I guess they knew better than to ask such a loaded question. If our AC ever breaks down again, we will surely go the extra mileage and stay somewhere else that would be worth nearly $100 a night. This place is a joke that I just don't get.
4	Stayed here last night on my way to Tucson.  This was the first bed I could find after a long stretch of nothing on the road.  The rooms were nothing extraordinary but were fair.  The continental breakfast was good (especially the hot waffles).  They had free wifi and a nice t.v.  I am giving it 4 stars for a nice place to sleep with a hot breakfast.
1	No, no, no!!! We HAD to stay here, truck overheated on our way to TX and we had our dogs with us. Unless you're in dire straits, keep going!! Way overpriced, AC sucked, room felt like a sauna, dinky pillows and "cold" water was warm. Only reason they're getting 1 star is because they let us check in way early. Do yourself a favor, sleep in your car if you have to!
1	Call me old-fashioned, but when a room costs over $100, the room should have an ice bucket and the Kleenex box should have more than five Kleenexes in it.
1	This place cost just under $100. It was the first place we saw for a while and we were exhausted. The room was adequate but lacked in pillows, towels, soap, and no conditioner. The "continental" breakfast consisted of weak coffee and day old bagels. No fruit or any other options which doesn't work if you can't eat gluten products. The staff doesn't seem interested to interact with anyone and even made my teenage daughter feel uncomfortable. I was devastated when I traveled no more than 15 minutes down the road in the morning and found several affordable places in Avondale. Keep on driving past this place.
1	If I could avoid giving them a star i would. it's gross. Their rooms smell like smoke. The fan in the room wasn't turned on like it normally would be at an inn but that's not a problem. I understand and thank you for saving electricity. In the morning I woke up and was excited for my continental breakfast that was *going* to consist of a waffle but the waffle was SOUR. ugh. gross. I mean seriously isn't it just water and pancake mix? We left and went to McDs. I don't even eat that crap but I hadn't a choice.
1	Nasty!! Left early couldn't take it. Cigarette buns in the blanket. Water dripping all night because the faucet had corrosion.  Flat pillows. Old bed with no support! Gross pool and hot tub. All round gross. They should be shut down!
2	This place pissed off just because of the piss poor WiFi.  My phone has a better connection.Can't even stream iTunes.  Otherwise, not a bad place to stay in the middle of no where Az.
3	First of all, to warn the unwary, all the hotels / motels in Buckeye SUCK. This one, however sucks the least. I guess I was lucky, my experience there was not as bad as some my felow Yelpers have noted. Wonderful Air Conditioner. Price was less than advertised, WiFi worked fine. Beds are a bit "soft". Pool and hot tub looked toxic. I smoke so I was pleased to find a motel that still had smoking rooms that' were not overpoweringly smokey. As far as hot water for the cold water, if you are not familiar with Arizona, well, down here in the desert, everyone's cold water is hot during the summer. Breakfast was kind of lame too. Room was not spotless but not bad either. Nice staff. I give 'em a 3 1/2 outta 5.
1	Read the other reviews before beginning this post and I agree with all of them except Nav.  I seldom do this, but after I post this, I'm writing their HQ.  The staff was offhand and didn't seem to care if I was there or not.  The lobby is attractive and set my expectations that my room might be pretty nice...especially for the price I paid for it.  Wrong.  The room looked like it had just been used.  The pillows were old, the foam crumbled, one pillow hard and flat. Directories under the night stand were just tossed in and in a mess.  Ice bucket but no glasses, bed was old and saggy and soft with no support.  Roof tiling broken and falling...dangerous more than anything else. Pool area was disgusting. Tables and chairs old, cracked, and dirty/stained. Front desk didn't know you had to turn the entry wall switch on to make the TV work.  Price vs Value???  I'd say they're overcharging by 60%-75%.  Last facility West of Phoenix and I wasn't feeling well.  Missed all the ones before and this was the last chance before heading into the desert again...I had to stay here...otherwise I would have gone back to the desk, gotten my money back and split.
