1	I went to this place because the front of their takeout menu said "N.Y. Style Chinese Restaurant."  It was anything but.  I'm from New York, and my favorite Chinese dish is Szechuan Beef.  And in New York, all Chinese restaurants make it the same way: dry shredded beef, with carrots, celery and scallions cut into matchsticks, and bits of chili peppers.  I don't know what they were thinking by calling the stuff they gave me Szechuan Beef.  It was slices of beef (not dry-fried shredded), it was in a tomato-ey sauce, with hunks of peppers, onions, celery, mushrooms, water chestnuts, and everything else they probably had leftover lying around. It wasn't spicy (even though it said spicy on the menu). Their hot and sour soup wasn't hot or sour. It wasn't the rich brown fragrant soup I remember from NY, it was slightly gelatinous, light amber, and had barely any flavor. It looked and tasted like doctored-up chicken soup.I also got an order of pork fried-rice.  The pork was ok, but the rice was BRIGHT ORANGE and had no flavor. Since when is fried rice supposed to be orange?  Didn't have the bits of egg either. It's as if they started with bland leftovers and tried to "spice" (I use that term with great sarcasm) it up with food coloring to try to pass it off as flavorful. Well, it fell flat.I would recommend Panda Express over this sham of a chinese restaurant. I'm angry I wasted $12.
1	I wish I had found the previous review instead of the reviews I found on Urbanspoon.com.  I agree with the previous reviewer--save your money and eat at Panda Express instead!  Our family ordered three of the lunch menu specials:  Kung Pao Chicken, Orange Chicken, and Lemon Chicken.  Out of the three, the Orange chicken was the best, but still not nearly as good as Panda's.  The Kung Pao Chicken had no flavor and was not spicy like Kung Pao should be.  The Lemon Chicken was the worst of all--thin chicken fillets fried in a thick, undercooked, greasy batter with a thin flavorless sauce on the side.  The fried rice was orange as described by the other reviewer and had no eggs and the pork in ours was on the dry side.  Although we have had better, we did enjoy the egg rolls.
4	I live really near this place and compared to the China Buffet down the street it is ten times better. I think Chinese food comes down to what you like and what you order but I think this place is great. It's pretty cheap, they deliver, and they're fast. I liked the lo mein and chicken and broccoli and the General Tso's is the best I've had since I left the East Coast. Not totally perfect, but a whole lot better than most of the other Chinese places I've tried out here.
1	I have a tender place in my heart for this poor little place... but with that said, it has sadly gone down hill. This is the most hit-and-miss restaurant that I can think of, sometimes the food will be good and others the spicy entrees will be far too candy-like sweet, or the dry food will be greasy, or the savory and powerful dish will be bland and uninteresting. There's no knowing how they'll do. In fact they are so erratic that even going here anymore has become to risky a gamble of my money.If you want good Chinese food that does the proud Chinese culinary heritage right, this is not the place you're looking for.(My advice would be go down to the Mekong Market Asian shopping complex down on Dobson and Main here in Mesa if you want great Asian food. They have Chinese, Thai, Taiwanese, Vietnamese, Filipino, Cantonese Chinese, and bakeries. Best Asian food in the city)
4	I have to disagree with most of the reviewers, my wife and I have eaten here or gone to the restaurant for take-out since they opened. We have order a number of dishes and been pleased with them all. Here's just a few.Hunan Chicken comes with a nice variety of vegetables in a hot and tasty brown sauce.General Tso's chicken is nicly done and not over crispy, it even comes surounded by broccoli.Hot and Sour soup does not have an abundance of vegetables, but is still hot and tasty.The prices are fair and their luncheon specials are very reasonable @ $4.95 which comes with an egg roll and fried rice. I find the young lady behind the counter to be some what curt, but given the chance she is quite friendly. Give her a brake, It's difficult when your primary language is Chinese while answering the phone for take-out and servicing the people at the register at the same time.
4	I had a lunch special of Hunan Chicken yesterday. It included pork fried rice and hot and sour soup.The Hunan Chicken was excellent, lots of chicken in a savory, hot brown sauce with broccoli, snow peas and red peppers.The fried rice was a nice brown color with pork cubes and egg. Quite tasty.The hot and sour soup had pieces of tofu, pork strips and bamboo shoots with lots of red pepper flakes. It may not be the best I've had, but it was still good. What a bargain for $4.95.
5	Went here today & got the family dinner for 30.00 it was sooo good. All of the food was so good easily the best chinese I've had. Love it!!
5	This place is bomb! The best orange chicken i have ever had. Definitely my favorite chinese place we have found since we have moved here !
4	As for myself, I like this restaurant very much.  Good food, at a good price.Of course everything has to be taken in context, this is basically a family run takeout restaurant, so one should curve expectations around that fact. Furthermore, this here is Mesa Arizona, and if you haven't noticed, we're not a major culinary center of the United States. Duh! Don't ever expect the level of cuisine one gets in New York City or San Francisco. That said, when a place like New China opens up, I'm actually quite happy. Is it authentic? That depends on your point of view. Compared to chains like Panda Express, this restaurant is worlds better. And New York Chinatown? Well, they're not quite there, but on a scale of 1 to 10, I'm happy to give them a solid 7+. For Mesa, that's pretty darn good by my estimation.
4	This place is ok and decent. Few dining tables inside. Reminds me of a spot back in jersey. I don't mind eating at this place. Good customer service and lots of fortune cookies lol. My fam loves it so it's all good for me. Quick Chinese fix on the go  .. As far as prices, not too bad.. I would come back again.
3	My mom recommended this place to me so I tried it, I ordered take out. I didn't have a menu at home so I had to ask the lady if they had certain things when I called. She was very patient with me and super nice, I ordered a small side of veggie fried rice, small veggie chow mein, orange chicken plate and a small side of tofu. The fried rice and chow mein were bland. No flavor whatsoever. I feel that if you ordered meat with the fried rice and chow mein it would have been more flavorful but they need to flavor the rice and noodles themselves because some people are vegetarians and don't want meat with their entrees. The orange chicken was yummy as was the white rice that came with it. The tofu was surprisingly delicious, fried and crunchy. The majority of chinese places I've been to, their tofu is soft and not crunchy. The price was kind of expensive for the food I got, I could order more large entrees at Wok In for less the price I paid at this place. Also, the orange chicken was good at New China but the orange chicken at Wok In is life changing. Overall, I will go here again and order the entrees with meat in hopes of it being more flavorful but I do have to say Wok in is my favorite place for Chinese food.
5	I've been eating here for a few years and have never been disappointed. Christmas dinner for eleven? No problem. More food than we could eat for less than seven dollars a head, including beverages.
1	Will never go back.. The young lady at the counter was rude and unfriendly. She actually yelled at me for making a change in my order.. My co-workers would go here every now and again. We will not good back. DONT EAT HERE.
4	I've been coming here for years. The pork egg rolls are usually very good. My son loves the orange flavored chicken, though sometimes it can be overly sweet. I always like the Four Seasons or Shrimp & Beef in Kung Pao sauce. The sauces are not overwhelming & the veggies are always crisp and fresh.The pot stickers, however, are a disappointment.Overall, a good, quick, inexpensive place for Chinese takeout.
1	Food is bland, flavorless. Fried rice was orange, not what fried rice should look like. Cream cheese wontons and lo mein were ok, nothing special. We ordered fried dumplings but were not given any sauce, so we went back to ask for some, got attitude from young woman at the front and she told us that we got some- which we definitely did not. Also got sweet and sour chicken, which was cold, bland and also came with no sauce. Not sweet or sour at all. Definitely not worth a second chance. Would rather buy greasy panda express.
1	sesame chicken, Mongolian beef and (free) chicken fried rice. I stated I need the Mongolian beef to have very little white onion. Went to pick up the order and it wasn't ready. Waited and the lady basically throw me my order. She walked away and I had to wait for her to come back to explain I hadn't paid. Also pointed out the Mongolian beef was 95% white oinon. She yelled at me but said she would remake. She remade the dish in 1 minute. This time 5% less white onion and this time it had random things in it that never come with a Mongolian beef and wasnt in the one before. Explained I would pay for the chicken but to cancel the Mongolian beef. She flipped out and started yelling. I stated that I could have walked out with the whole order free but I am being honest and want to work this out. I ended up only paying for the sesame chicken. As punishment she made sure to remove the chicken fired rice and downgrade my steam rice to a smaller one.  As for the food its self. It had no favoring and the chicken had a weird taste/texture like it had been recooked. Please avoid at all cost and just go anywhere else.
1	Did a delivery order from New China tonight for dinner. Ordered the Pu Pu Platter (For 2), and the Orange Flavored Chicken plate. Also ordered the free side of chicken fried rice as well. I made specific specifications about not wanting pork in the rice that comes with the Orange Flavored Chicken plate, and requested chicken instead. Our meal was delivered in a timely fashion, but when we opened our food boxes, it was clear that many mistakes had been made. The Pu Pu platter was missing the bbq spare ribs, in its place were fried sticks of imitation crab. The chicken wings were unrecognizable, and the shrimp were over fried and not cleaned (not deveined). The orange chicken flavored plate wasn't as bad, but not great to ever order it again. Another issue was not receiving our free side of chicken fried rice. As an end result, we will not be ordering from this restaurant again, period.
1	I walked in for the first time and had to get the cashiers attention because she was texting on her phone. My order: veggie low mein, cream cheese wontons, white rice. (Vegetarian)Received: veggie low mein, crab puffs, and pork fried rice. I asked the cook for what I originally asked for, and he said he did what the ticket said, then proceeded to show me it. I said, if I could eat this I would but I'm a vegetarian. He brought me over a bowl of steamed rice and after separating the pork out of my vegetable low mein, it tasted good. We left within 5 minutes if receiving my food because the cashier was screaming in Chinese on the phone at someone. Bad idea to go there.
5	I never write reviews but this is one of the first times I've ever had to wait for my food to cool down after being delivered. It was hot and fresh, there was nothing missing and everything was correct. The generals chicken was great as well as the chicken friend rice. I usually never get won ton soup any more at Chinese restaurants (although I love it) because there are never any noodles but I decided to try and this place filled it up! Delivered in 20 min! Great!
4	The general tso chicken was really good!  They give you alot of food, everything came out really nice and hot.  The only thing bad I would say about this place is that it's probably not the best place to go for a fancy sit-down dinner.  Definitely a take-out place.  You can see the kitchen from the seating area.  It's clean, but it looks fast food, dive style.
5	Happy Family & Special Duck!!Awesomely cooked veggies, 2 serving per order!! Love this place-oh and they deliver!!
1	This place is DISGUSTING!  So glad I went there before ordering any delivery!  Wasted $6.00 though, took a few bites of the GROSS food & threw it away!!  From the lobby ordering area the back door was opened & NUMEROUS jugs all over the back floor along with the strong smell of CLEANING SOLUTIONS!  I should have walked out then!! I ordered the lemon chicken with rice & egg roll.  The smell was not good in the to go back on the way home.  The lemon chicken is previously FROZEN & the breading was gooey in the middle!  The pour over lemon sauce was NASTY!  The rice was nasty too!  Broke open the egg roll, smelled it, threw it all away!  I should have called & asked for my money back!  The health department needs to check this place out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	I hate having to do this, but:One entree.Three completely different hairs.Gag.My husband stopped in and ordered to-go on Saturday night at 10:00.  Came home.  We were missing egg drop soup.  The cream cheese won-tons (crab rangoon) were good.I opened the lid on my lemon chicken and noticed a thick dark hair.  It ended up being very long and had been cooked in the batter that was on the chicken. I was very hungry and picked out the affected chicken and proceeded to eat some of the meal.  After munching on the broccoli that was under the chicken, I picked up a piece and discovered a curly white hair on it--it might have been a clothing fiber or a pet hair, not really sure, but I was SO DONE at this point.Then I glanced over at the cup of lemon sauce stuff I had been given and noticed an eyebrow hair stuck to the inside of the cup halfway down where it wasn't noticeable until some of the sauce had been used.My husband had orange chicken and said that it was really tough and didn't taste good.He ate one more cream cheese won-ton after they had cooled and said it didn't taste so good anymore and just tasted full of grease.  We're both just sort of grossed out by this whole meal.  :(
