4	Just got a quick bite from this place. A no frills, down to business, 24 hour  taco, burritos, enchiladas, chilerellenos... the staples. I got the enchildas and chile rellenos combo with a side or rice and beans. I had the pleasure of watching the person who took my order also cook my food, and not even bother to use a pair of gloves (minus one star). But the food was slightly greasy but really really good. The restaurant was otherwise clean, and they had a condiment bar with green and red salsa, pickled red radish, carrots and chilli's with fresh lemon wedges.    Perfect compliment to any meal. This is a fast food joint, and they did a fast, and good job with the food.  I'm going to try the heuvos rancheros next time I'm there.
5	One of my favorite places to eat if I'm looking for cheap and fast :)
2	I am a lover of the 24 hour burrito places. Really I am, and given the fact this is the one that happens to be closest to me I am always disappointed that this place isn't better. I have NEVER, in the 10 or so times I've been here, ever gotten my order 100 percent correct. Either they forget my guacamole, or give me sprite instead of mountain dew, the list goes on. In Phoenix we are absolutely lucky with these types of places and I suggest for you to skip this one. I drive 5 miles down the road to pick up my burritos at 4 a.m. I just can't justify suggesting a place that never has gotten my order right. The only thing that is making this a 2 star and not a 1 star is the food is actually pretty good. Not better then some of the other "urtos" out there and they do undercook the potatoes but other than that they are good. Not great. Meh.
2	When the original location at 75th & Indian School opened back in the 90's there were few places like it in the valley  (prior to the "'Bertos" explosion of the aughts) and it was, in the parlance of the day, the bomb. Super nachos, yo!Ramiro's has since opened and closed several locations and lamentably the quality has suffered since the West Side (Wessside!) heyday. The food here is decent and fairly priced, but nothing that will knock your socks off. A good after hours joint to aid in soaking up the poison you've consumed all evening.
4	Good if you have a case of the munchies. Don't expect food that'll blow you away... And don't order the chicken. It isn't very tasty at all. I think they use white and dark meat, and me not being a fan of dark meat doesn't help. But this review gets 4 stars because the guy at the drive thru is a sweetheart. Can't help but smile whenever I see him.
2	Its a 24hour joint it does the job it feeds your tummy -Meh. I've experienced much better food. The place is run down it def. needs a make over. The tacos are my favorite there I give them a 4/5. other than the fish tacos i feel as though the food is bland and the salsa is waterie just a pathetic excuse for Mexican food... sad day for Mexican food in Arizona!
3	This is a no frills delicious place to get some quick mexican food. The food authentic and fresh and I have never diliked anything i have gotten there. You can't go wrong. The salsa bar is only okay and i am a salsa whore so this but this is probably a big point for a great mexican place.
4	This very simple eatery is a great place for tasty Mexican food. The prices are low and the service is fast. I tried their taco and enchilada platter and was very satisfied with what I got. The crispy taco had juicy carnitas as the default filling, and the cheese enchilada, rice, and beans were good - especially the beans which tasted like they used lard, which is the way it should be. The salsa bar offers the standard red and green salsas, plus radish slices, hot (really!) pickled carrots and jalapenos. The drive-though is open 24 hours, which means I now have a good place to go when I get my late-night cravings for Mexican food.
4	Divey Whole in Wall alert.Solid Mexican Foods to eat on the run. I especially  love the Chorizo and Egg burrito. It  is a generous portion of egg and greasy chorizo wrapped in a  fresh flour tortilla. The Bean and Cheese Burrito is very tasty too and generous in portion as well. While not much to look at, it is no frills and the service is good. Food is made fresh and it  has great flavor.  Don't expect to anything but good basic mexican food for a fast and easy price.
2	Stopped in on the way to work for a breakfast burrito.  I ordered the Machaca and Egg burrito and while it was ok about halfway through the grease started to soak through so much the filling was falling out of the bottom of the tortilla.  At that point I just was kinda grossed out and threw out the rest of the burrito.  Luckily it was a huge burrito so I had my fill on by that point anyways.  Doubt I'll go back when I know Filiberto's isn't too far away.
4	A little oily but not bad.
1	The food may be good, but the staff and service stink.  I have come here a couple of times since they are open 24 hours.  I went to the drive thru and sat there for 10 minutes with no acknowledgment, so I decided to go in.  I had to wait another 5 minutes to order.  The cashier then overcharged me for my food. When I complained the cashier made it be known how inconvenient it was.  As i sat to wait for my order, the staff began speaking in Spanish about my order.  (I know Spanish) While I didn't catch everything that was said,  it was enough for me to throw away my food as I walked out the door from an uneasy "they probably spit in the food" feeling.
2	I shouldn't expect much from late night eating, but it's Mexican food. It should be good whatever time of day. However, I ordered menudo due to a heavy hangover. Maybe this was from the bottom of the pan because over half of it was just bones. My dogs will be happy. The menudo broth was not very tasty. Missing the seasonings, such as salt. They provided lemon, cilantro, and onions but no ground oregano.   FYI- the guacamole and chips were not kid friendly. This is my kids' favorite item. The guacamole had visible tomatoes in it. My kids said nah. I'll stick with my Juliobertos, Filibertos, and Herreras.
1	Been here before quite some time ago probably for a burro.  Came in today just for menudo. I won't be back for it again.  Before I could taste a spoonful I had to skim out quite honestly about 1/4 cup of oil/fat first. It literally filled the little styrofoam cup the onions/cilantro come in.   They don't clean the tripe, each piece had a layer of gooey fat on it.  Spoons were itty bitty, especially if your bowl had the pata.
1	Found fries in my breakfast burrito, my sons burrito had huge chunks of oily bacon very disappointed. Got my money back never gonna eat there again! Rather go to Taco Bell.
5	The boyfriend and I work odd hours so we will make a stop here anywhere between 11pm - 430am. The service has always been awesome, and the food has always been good. Maybe it's the difference in shifts?? I will agree to the greasiness, but that's kind of expected for a hole in the wall place. Our usual is the chorizo and egg burrito, like someone said its a good portion.
