3	Ive been eye balling this place for some time after seeing they offered a dining certificate on restaurant.com.. so the Mr and I wanting to eat on the cheap headed over there. Okay, to get into this place you have to turn into the plaza behind the restaurant on Southern.. if you park in the adjacent lot on Mill you might get towed so look out. We did find the entrance and was greeted warmly by our server. Service here is great.. very attentive and willing to please. The food is decent enough, basic cheap Mexican fare.. taco's, burro's etc.. we shared a cheese crispy which was more like cheese limp but tasted great, like home made.. the chunky salsa they served had a nice bite and worked well with the 'limp'. Also had the red chile burro as an app.. no one can do red chile like La Canasta.. however the meat was plentiful and cooked very well. The Mr had the Chicken enchilada's, very good, a nice creaminess to the sauce. I splurged and had a beef chimi.. was very good and not greasy at all. So the food here is good but not one of those places where you feel the need to return to try more things. Please note they are only open for dinner on Friday nights otherwise this is a lunch place. Live Mariachis on Friday night as well!
4	Decent Mexican food.  Easy split checks.  Good for larger lunch groups.
4	Cervantes has a free mariachi show on Friday nights from 8pm to closing (about 1am).  The Cervantes family has been a mariachi music tradition in the valley for decades.  Chris, his father, brother and niece are the core of the group with rotating pick-up musicians completing a compliment of, generally, five.The food is good, reasonably priced and with a complete bar.  Available for private parties and even catering.  I love this place.  SW corner of Mill and Southern.  A wonderfully friendly staff and loyal customer base.
4	We've been going to Cervantes Restaurant for years now. Me and my co-workers head here for lunch whenever we are wanting some Mexican food. The restaurant is located in a run down plaza which can turn some people off. In fact, I was prejudiced against it when I first visited it because of that, but we've been back many times.All I've ever gotten is the ground beef tacos. They are some of the best. It is hard to find a place that does ground beef in their tacos. Most of the time restaurants do shredded beef which I hate.  The burritos that everybody else gets look good but I haven't ever tried one. Cervantes isn't one of those Mexican restaurants that flood the plates in beans or cheese. You can tell that they care how the food is prepared.The service is good. The owner guy and his wife are amiable. You pay up at the front before you sit down and eat which makes check splitting for large groups easy. They bring you chips and salsa. Not a big fan of the chips, but they are free. If you are looking for a Mexican restaurant in Tempe you should try Cervantes. Some people like it and some people don't. But I like it, it is good for lunch.
5	This place has the best food around. The people here are kind the service is quick and well the tacos are awesome especially the shredded beef ones. Oh the rice and beans are out if this world. I highly recommend. Oh and Friday nights are the best. There is free mariachis on Friday nights and the atmosphere is fun and more fun without the pressure of "pick-up" night at the other establishments. Oh, did I mention the food is great? And the people are fantastic, kudos to the cooks, the servers and the owner are all great--I highly recommend this place to anyone with a heart and a sense of fun.
4	wow what a gem, went there today for lunch by my work. Chips and salsa where fresh and tasty!The place was pretty empty (which I like, no screaming kids please!) but the staff was fast and nice and checked on me twice but were not hovering and asking a million questions.I had the Carne Asada Burro and it was very tasty! The beans were delicious! And you could tell they were homade.Overall it was very nice. If you are ever in the area try it out!
2	Went in on a Groupon, food was good but also greasy, but not enuff for me to go out of my way to eat there. Went there at lunch, it was dead, but yet took forever to get our food.
2	The place smells like a burning tire when you walk in. Service was ok, but the food wasn't very good. We were dissapointed with the entire experience. I won't be returning.
3	Decent choice for Mexican staples such as burritos, chimichangas, and enchiladas.  Service is fast, friendly, and attentive.  The salsa that came with the chips came in two varieties: mild and hot.  The mild wasn't chopped well enough, and there were whole stewed tomatoes in it, but it tasted OK.  I think the chef mistakenly thought that you had to add black pepper instead of whatever type of pepper they would normally use for the hot salsa, because it was littered with thick black bits of pepper, so much that when you smelled it, all you could smell was black pepper.  The food came out in very fast time.  I had the shrimp enchiladas, which were OK.  They weren't the best enchiladas I've had, but not the worst.  One shrimp still had some shell on it, and the shrimp itself was a little tough.  The green sauce was nice though, and it came with some big chunks of nice green chile.  The rice and beans that came with it were pretty good, very flavorful.  I tried some chicken chimichanga, which was a pretty big size.  The chicken was tender, and the tortilla it was wrapped in was nicely deep fried and came with a good amount of guacamole and sour cream.We came here around 7 on a Friday night, and it wasn't busy at all.  They do have a mariachi band that comes in around 7:30-8 P.M. to perform, so there might have been more people coming in later!
5	cervantes restaurant offers capacity for up to 250 people for weddings, quinceaneras, birthday parties, family reunions.               call for more information.    (602) 550-1218
1	Yuck! The chips were okay. Some of them were straight white. Im not sure if they're not cooked or what but they were chewy and not good. The salsa was alright too. Not bad. I ordered a beef tostada and a beef taco. I took one bite of the tostada and couldn't take another. So gross. The beans were nasty. Not the refried beans im used to. I could have bought a can of Rosarita and been better off. Also, Idk what it was but something on there was really mushy. Almost a fish consistency actually. I was grossed out. The taco was OKAY...but I had about two bites of that as well...I thought I was getting ground beef but it was shredded. I gave the plate back and they didn't charge me for it. I also tried the chicken in my boyfriends enchilada and that was disgusting as well. I wanted to spit it out but i just dealt with it. He didn't like anything on his plate but the chicken inside of the enchilada. Sauce was gross, etc. I'm not going to come back. Super friendly staff though!! Great service and if you like mariachi bands they're live every Friday night.
1	I'm not really one to complain but I have to say, this place was DISGUSTING!!!! I'm the least pickiest eater, I will eat anything and everything but I couldn't eat my entree which was enchiladas. The sauce was the worst thing I've ever eaten. This place makes Taco Bell look like a 5 star gourmet  restaurant. It's a nice comfy atmosphere and friendly staff the food is just horrible. The chips were even stale. A word of advice, if you want Mexican food this is not the place to get it
3	The Mariachi band was great.....but the enchilada sauce was a disaster. The worst sauce we had ever tasted - bitter and bland. All the other dishes were edible, pretty decent. The service was slow due to the restaurant being under-staffed. We may have gone on a bad night.... It could be a nice Friday evening if you love mariachi music and don't order the enchiladas.
2	Shame! This is Arizona, you can't get by with half-assed Mexican food. Lunch service was slow as hell and they got three orders wrong, no refills, food itself was lackluster. The only reason I gave them two stars is the price was reasonable.
2	After having been back multiple times the food isn't as good as it was initially; the rice doesn't seem fresh, the chips aren't good, the ground beef taco is alright but it is also simple. Other people in our party got other things which they didn't like. There are a lot of problems when ordering with a huge party and orders get mixed up. Service is slow and not everybody gets their food at the same time which leaves half our party eating and the other just waiting.
2	This place has gone downhill in the past two years. When I went in in 2012, the food was acceptable, and there was table service for lunch.This time, I ordered at the counter, the food was delivered to the table. I'm not good at cooking Mexican food but probably could have done better.There's a funky smell in there, too. It didn't feel clean.The man at the counter was nice, but I won't be back.
2	Not a great place. I do not mind old rundown places but you could smell the fresh urinal cake.  Went for lunch on a Wednesday and only two other people in there. Owner took order at register which was fine but he didn't seem to be into the whole thing,  older gentleman brought drinks and food.  I think he washed dishes too.  Tacos were greasy and food was so so at best. My boss ordered a carne asada chimi that was full of greasy, old, and fatty pork.  Just not a good experience.  I think they worry about the bar business at night.  The older gentleman was very kind and courteous though.
