4	Ok, so you have to walk through Bill's to get to the Steakhouse. Honestly if I hadn't seen the Mobil Triple Diamond rating while walking down the strip I would never have even tried it. But it was getting late, we had no reservations and I was hankering for a big chunk of meat. Walked through the casino and looked at the menu, definitely not some middle of the road steakhouse escargot, Carpaccio, dozens of steak cuts, osso bucco, so we gave it a try. The second the door closed behind us the casino noise disappeared and it was like we stepped back in time to old Las Vegas. There is no better wait staff in Vegas, the food is exceptional, and these guys know how to cook a steak. We started with the escargot (best in Vegas) and Carpaccio (three way tie with Nero's and Palm) I had the osso bucco the rest of the table had filet, filet Oscar, and steak au poivre. Split a bunch of sides, huge portions and very well flavored. The steaks and osso bucco were incredible; on a 3" thick steak pulling off medium rare without it being too rare or too medium can be tough even at a top notch steak house, not an issue here.Deserts were good, Wine selection was adequate.
3	5.99  Steak and Eggs!!!Some how it seems fitting that I write this review at 4 in the morning. After the dance floors had cleared, and the table action had slowed our group gathered here two nights in a row.  For those that stayed in LV longer 4 nights!  A few notes:Whatever you do, DO NOT, DO NOT order your steak well done.  It's basically beef jerky at that point.  If you want cheese it's extra. You must walk in with your shoes on.  Girls you're just gonna have to get your hobble on as gracefully as possible. One or two rounds of steak and eggs per person, a big basket of assorted buttered toast slices, stories, laughs and enough grease to kill even a hint of a hangover.The wait staff is full of character, that's a story within itself.  They dealt with our motley crew without batting an eyelash (mild by comparison I'm sure).Bill's IS the after party!   Forget what ya heard.
1	Ehhhh...I guess they raised the price by a buck, but it was $7 for steak and eggs for me.  Eggs were kinda raw... I got them sunny side up and it seems he threw them on for 15 seconds over high heat and took um off.  The top of the egg whites were still REALLY runny.  Steak was horrible.  Ordered it medium rare, bot it pretty much med-well or well done.  It was about 1.5 cm thick... lol.  Toast was overly buttered... which actually made it pretty good haha.  I'd splurge a few extra bucks elsewhere.
5	I went here with a party of 6 for a nice steak dinner a little less than a month ago, and let me tell you, we all thought it was one of the top steakhouse experiences any of us have had. The service was great and the atmosphere was very intimate and relaxing. We made reservations earlier that day, but they seemed to accommodate some walk-ins as well.I ordered the Surf and Turf, which included a 4oz lobster tail, 6oz beef tenderloin fillet, potatoes au gratin, and some vegetables. It was amazing. Everything was cooked to perfection. I also tried the bananas foster, which was prepared table side, and it was amazing.Don't let the low star rating for this place convince you not to try it. Seems like the people who came here for a cheap breakfast had a problem with it, but for a nice steak dinner it is a great choice!
4	You know what? EVERYONE needs a place to go after drinking at a club, and that would be the steakhouse at Bill's.From 12a - 8a it's $5.99 steak and eggs, and for a meal that is usually $9-$12 in California, it's a steal especially intoxicated.The steak is only cooked one way even if  you ask for Rare it's still Well Done. but... $5.99! Remember only come here for filler food, not for the perfect steak.
4	Review is for late night Bill's.Drunk food. Went against my rule of eating greasy food at night and followed my friend to Bill's at 3AM. Got steak and eggs for $4.99. Comes with eggs (scrambled or fried), a piece of steak, hashed browns, and wheat bread with a crap load of butter on it. Can't say much about the quality of the beef (probably rejects from regular dining time), but its cheap. Asked for medium rare but it seemed well done when I ate it. The wait to get into the eatery seemed extra long (30-40 min?) but the server was super nice, fun, and tolerant of our giggling & confusion. They're really nice, even willing to split the check three ways after processing the order. Would not come here again because I was horrified at the amount of fat & butter I consumed the next day, but highly recommended for anyone who goes out partying in Vegas and suffers from the drunchies!
4	Need to sober up?  no problem!  Hit this place up and you'll be taking off your beer goggles in no time.  Probably the most thinest piece of steak I've ever had, but it's a nice portion.  It comes with 2 eggs, hash browns, and toast, all for only $4.99.  It's a great deal.  I've eaten here a couple of times and it's usually a 20 min wait if you go right at 12am.
4	unless you are a high roller or feel like you are too good for your own good, Bill's is a staple during your Vegas trip. 5 bucks for steak, eggs, and mountains upon mountains of buttery toast; Yes Please! 2 things to note: 1) Put on your shoes ladies, they made sure that the girls in my party were not a liability after clubbing. It's a pretty reasonable policy Bare feet can get nasty and dangerous, you might slip on a steak2) If you have a party of 5 or  more they'll tell you that the wait is 45 minutes. Fear not, it's usually shorter, so stick around for a while play some pai gow Drop by Bills, you can be as loud and obnoxious as you want in the early hours. Everyone else is drunk there anyway
3	Slow but good.  We actually ate here twice while out in Vegas for a couple of days.   Once later at night and the other in the morning before we flew out.   While you shouldn't expect any speed at any time the wait is worth it.  We did the all you can eat Chinese option in the evening and I must say that overall I was impressed.  Not the best but very solid and it came in ginormous servings (if you need another plate I guess they would bring it but really, should you?).  And then there was breakfast!   Steak, eggs, hash browns and lots of toast.  This is real recovery food and the perfect way to recover from a long night.  And at $5 it is the perfect price point, even if you did bet it all on red.....
5	Me & my gal went here because we just happened to be staying at Bally's, so we were in the area.  She used to work at the old Barbary Coast many years ago, and she said at the time it was a pretty damn good steakouse.  We decided to try it out.We weren't real hungry, so we split everything. We started with a wedge salad that was as perfect as it gets - no bleu cheese dressing at all, but plenty of crumbles. A balsamic reduction that was to die for and plenty of tomatoes (yum) and onions (yuk) without anything stupid like sunflower seeds or sprouts or some of the other ridiculous things I've seen idiot chefs trying to make a name for themselves throw onto a wedge salad to make it "theirs." They can keep it. This one was the epitome of wedge salad perfection, and it was cold, fresh and delicious.This was quickly followed by two awesome crab cakes - light and flaky with a bit more of a crust on them than most, which I liked. We finished up with an order of crab legs, and again I don't think I've ever had better in Vegas.  They were absolutely huge and melted in your mouth after a good drenching of butter.  No breaking up into tiny pieces or tearing when trying to get the meat out of the shells either, so it wasn't even a task to eat - the only thing I usually don't like about crab legs.We ate here the night before they closed for the holidays.  When our waiter asked if we wanted wine we stalled, and he quickly told us that he had about four bottles open that he would have to throw away if someone didn't finish them, so he'd offer us a glass or two at half price. Sold! She had two, and I had one giant one.We get done & order bananas foster because it's her favorite, but alas the late hour and fact that they're closing for two weeks after we leave conspire to thwart our culinary plans for dessert. A little bit of a bummer until the waiter tells us he'll just comp the wine completely to make up for it!We both ate and were stuffed on salad, crab cakes and crab legs with 3 to 4 glasses of wine (depending on how you count mine) in a quiet, intimate fine-dining atmosphere in a Vegas strip resort for under $60.00 total, INCLUDING TIP!  I still feel like I hit the damn lottery on that one.  Wish I could go out for a meal like this at a price like that every day. We'll be back to try the steaks & I'll update then, but for now I'll just thank my lucky stars we were in the right place at the right time with the right waiter.  Where else but Vegas can someone get that lucky? Thanks Bills!  :-)
3	I guess this place is decent. Got the steak and eggs after clubbing a couple times.It's $5.99 for two eggs and one steak and toast. I think they raised the price recently.They ask you how you want your steak - it's well done regardless. We asked for medium rare, got well done. Oh well.Sunny side up eggs are done perfectly!Service can be really slow, especially on a Saturday night at 2 or 3-ish. We waited 15 minutes for our server to take our orders after we sat down. After we waited 20 minutes to get seated.
5	11pm-11am specials.  What can you say.  $9.99 for steak and eggs.  $4.99 for 3 eggs, bacon or sausage, hash-brown potatoes and toast.  I sprang for a $5 bowel of sliced strawberries (so good and good for you too, don't forget your fruit and vegetables!) Great late night food with a friend.
2	Intimate restaurant seats about 70. Neat but a bit over priced, steaks were not great, and $70/ person for 2 sodas 1 bottle of average wine with the meal and no desserts. We wouldn't go back.
1	Salad was served with egg including parts of shell. Expensive restaurant in a mediocre hotel/casino
3	Victorian Cafe was closed due to some emergency, so some crabby hostess told us that we would all be going to the Steakhouse instead.Ordered the steak and eggs.  Steak:  if you're into hard gristle it's good.  Eggs were cooked ok for over easy.Nothing spectacular here, and if I wanted a good steak I would never go here.  For the same money you surely can get something better than a cheap quality steak at Bill's.Meh, meh, meh...not so good here for $8.99 steak and eggs.  Can we say overpriced for the quality?Service...I guess they have some but it's just passable and, surely, not very great.It was 2 am...what choice did we have?
1	The establishment opens at 5:00 PM, I get there at 5:20ish and the lady at the booth says "We are closed for a private event" and then asked me to come back at 7:00 PM. Honestly, no point in rating this any higher as they didn't bother reserving open seats for general people. They didn't even bother changing the giant sign on their podium that said "Opens at 5:00 PM"
2	It's 3:30 am, you just dancing and drinking at a club and you just want a nice hearty meal to full commemorate the night before you turn in and do it all over again the next day.Well, from the beginning of the trip my gf, our friends and I had a list of things/places we wanted to try while in Sin city. Steak and eggs in the middle of the night were on that list! So when we finally tracked this place down on yelp after getting mixed directions from staff from various hotels, we walked our way over-some raced over in their still drunken haze-in the end we all made it. We walked in with 11 people and the staff told us they didn't have any tables for that size, but found us our own little section so that we could utilize a booth and a table to sit together. Almost the moment before we even sat down a waiter came by to see how many specials we wanted. A couple of our group weren't into that so we asked for a few menus and a moment to look at them-the waiter seemed confused, but complied and quickly brought over some water and menus. In the end we all ordered the special anyway! haha. Not sure about you guys, but after a night of drinking and dancing I get really hungry, so yes, I ordered two specials! The specials were a 6oz beef steak, two eggs cooked to your choice and hashbrowns for 6.99. I ordered both steaks, medium and a set of eggs scrambled and a set over easy. The rest of the group got pretty much all medium rare and a mix between my choices of eggs. Within about 10 minutes all our food came out together. I can still pictures everyone's facial expression that night. The moment the dishes were placed in front of us, I was able to learn what each person's "What the eff" face looked like. Like everyone else's steak, mine looked really charred and dry-the eggs and hash browns looked very appetizing next to the charred piece of beef though. I cut into my steaks and each came out slightly medium well rather than medium, but I was too hungry so I didn't care-the meat wasn't tender at all, but 6.99 for steak and breakfast, it wasn't a bad deal. My scrambled eggs were cooked really well ( not too hard to do right? lol) but my over easy still had a bit of clear egg white so I sucked it up and put lots of Tabasco to make sure I didn't get salmonella (haha the only acidic substance I could find and justify to eat). The hash browns were actually really well cooked-very crispy on the outside and tender and flavorful on the inside.All in all, it definitely wasn't the best meal of our vacation, but it was personally a great deal for the price, plus we were able to check it off our list ;D! Also, my friend to my left ordered medium rare and his piece of beef came out beyond well done so he mentioned it to the waiter who apologized and brought it back inside to be re-fired. The waiter came back and the moment his plate dropped down in front of him all eyes were on his plate- his new steak actually looked juicy and delicious. He cut into it with ease and you could see the meat juices-what a lucky punk right?! Anyway, lesson learned, perhaps next time our group goes we'll have a better experience ;D But one again, honestly, 6.99 for steak, eggs and hashbrowns a pretty good tasting dish overall-yeah we may come again!
4	We got discounted tickets for this restaurant because we thought it was the Victorian restaurant at Bill's and we had eaten there before. We were surprised to discover this hidden gem. I loved that it's tucked away at Bill's and I loved the old-time elegant atmosphere,.down to the manager insisting the foreigner who was refusing to remove his baseball cap, remove it. (The lost art of being a gentlemen or at least appearing like one when indoors at a restaurant). I had the scallops and they were delicious, perfectly seared and moist. My husband had the shrimp scampi and they were huge and also perfectly done. The ceasar salad was wonderful as well. Yes. it was pricey but worth it. Once the door closed and we were in this wonderful small room with high back chairs, comfortable booths and low lighting, you couldn't hear a sound coming from the casino. My only criticism would be that with only 49 seats, and only 5 tables occupied, I would have thought ordering a glass of wine would mean I'd get it before my salad. Our waitress was pleasant but I had to ask twice for the first glass of wine and then after she brought our food, she never came back to check on us. I would have enjoyed a second glass and my husband would have like a second soda. I would go to this wonderful gem again but would hope for a more attentive waitress, especially for the price. We are big tippers but she missed out.
1	All I have to say is, don't go here. You will be happier getting a burger from McDonald's. And I'm very serious. Party of four, we all ordered prime rib. It was dry and tough. Two out of four potatoes were cold.Ordered a Pepsi and they delivered a 12 oz bottle and a glass with ice.Low rent and terrible food.
2	Went there with my wife. It was our first night in Vegas. We had a 1/2 off entree coupon from Tickets Now. We were seated within 10 minutes of arrival and greeted by server later saying he would be right with us. He didn't come back for about 15 minutes. In that time, we had to ask the water/bus boy for bottle of wine. He said "sure, why not.". Thanks to him, we could start enjoying our visit. We actually had fun showing him how to perform a "wine service."  Waiter finally took out order. French Onion soup was ok- not enough broth. Flavor ok though. Strip steak was very average. Potatoes au gratin pretty good. Veal picatta was very good and came with roasted veggies and pasta. Veal was tender and had great caper sauce. Full price would have been very disappointing. Server was too busy or overwhelmed to even check on us. Don't go there with high expectations.
3	The only reason to come here is to get steak and eggs for $6.99 after the club. The drunker you are, the better it'll taste. Service is always the same. They pay attention when they need to. Devour your food in a drunken stupor and go home feeling full. Simple concept. No complaints here.
1	For one thing when you ask for medium rear it should not be medium well and the shoe string fries tasted like crap the service was not great it is the worst 120 I spent for two never again
3	After a long drunken night, anything tastes good. For 6 bucks...this was like heaven! I ordered the special that consists with easy over eggs, med rare steak, and a side of hash brown. The steak was a little medium than medium rare but nothing I would complain about. Eggs were perfect and the hash brown was okay...but for 6$ it was the perfect treat to set my stomach to sleep for the night. The service wasn't as bad as everyone claimed it to be on the reviews. We had a friend who knocked out on the table and the server name David kept asking if she was okay and if she wanted more water. THanks for your kindness!
1	I'm actually glad this place is closed. It was almost totally dark, with really really bad service and truly awful food. There was no ambiance, no cell signal and no wifi. I was dining alone and wasn't even offered a newspaper to pass the time waiting for the bad food to arrive - though I wouldn't have been able to read it because it was so dark. Good riddance!
2	A cousin of mine who frequents Las Vegas and is a fellow foodie recomended The Steakhouse at Bill's to me.  Although he had never eaten there personally, he had heard it was an old-style LV steakhouse and a throwback to the Rat Pack and Mafia days.I had called ahead to make a reservation as suggested.  I was surprised upon arrival that the restaurant has no access for the disabled.  There are 3 steps up to the door and once inside there are 2 steps down.  I guess they are grandfathered under some old regulations.  They also had no secure spot for my scooter so I had to leave it on the floor of the casino near the poker pit.The inside of the restaurant lived up to the old LV steakhouse decor.  Red velvet chairs and booths, dim lighting, white tablecloths with candles, waiters in tuxedos, and Sinatra music in the background.The menu featured Steaks, chops, seafood, and the usual fare--and all a la carte.  Steaks averaged $40-$45 depending on the cut.Now to the meal.  I ordered coffee, and it was served hot and with half-and-half as ordered.  When I put the cream into my coffee, it curdled.  I asked the waiter for a new cup and fresh cream, and it was promptly delivered with a comment that they checked the carton, and the half-and-half still had 1 day to expiration.  One day or not, it curdled, and I could care less for the explanation.Upon looking at the menu, I had chosen the Crab Cakes appetizer ($17), and the large cut Prime Rib main course.  As I am on dialysis and can't eat potatoes, I asked if there could be a different accompaniment on the Crab Cakes (served over mashed potatoes), and a vegetable instead of potato with the Prime Rib.The waiter responded that the Chef does noy allow substitutions.  Given my medical issue, I asked the waiter to check with the Chef who stood firm.  So I canceled the Crab Cakes and ordered a Caesar Salad instead.  I was by myself, and the tableside Caesar was for a minimum of 2 so I asked the waiter to separate the portions into 2--one for an appetizer and one to accompany my Prime Rib as a side.As a single, I was put in a corner table in a little alcove which was so small that the waiter could not bring the cart over for a tableside salad so he mixed it about 25 feet away and brought it over---in one big bowl.  So much for splitting the portions.  I had to ask for anchovies as they were not offered.The chef would also not substitute a vegetable for a potato with the Prime Rib so I went without.When the Prime Rib was delivered, it could have been a picture from a book on Prime Rib, and it was so tender that the knife just sailed right through it.  Then I tasted it.  It had absolutely NO flavor!  I was chewing on beef that was poorly seasoned and didn't even taste of beef.  After 3 bites, I called the waiter over and told him my problem.  He apologized and offered to bring something else.  I ordered the NY Strip, medium.About 5 minutes later, the restaurant manager came over to tell me the Chef advises that there is nothing wrong with his Prime Rib, and they would be happy to cook a new steak, but my Prime Rib would remain on the check.  Alternatively, they could return my Prime Rib to me.I told the manager that I had come for dinner, I intended to eat, I wanted the NY Strip, and I had no intention whatsover of paying for the inedible Prime Rib no matter what the Chef thought.  So I asked, "How do we overcome this?"  The manager offered to call the "Operations Manager" to override the Chef.  Ten minutes later he returned that the "Operations Manager" had  removed the Prime Rib from my bill.  The questions here are, Why didn't the manager make that call before he chose to upset a customer, and what kind of ego does this chef have?During the interchanges with the Manger, a table of 4 was seated next to me.  They had overheard the discussions and kept sending the waiter away when he came to take their orders.  After the Manger advised they were taking the Prime Rib off, they ordered.  The wife told me they had overheard, and if they didn't do the right thing, they would have left.  Good for them!When my NY Strip was delivered, it was puple raw in the middle and had to be sent back for a re-fire.  What I got back was an overcooked piece of rubber, but I ate it (and paid for it) to avoid further issues.When I want pancakes, I go to the Pancake House.  When I want waffles, I go to the Waffle House.  When I want a steak, I go to a Steakhouse.  If you can't cook a steak Medium in a Steakhouse, you need to get out of the business.Overall, the waiter, assistant waiter, and busboy service was good.  The restaurant and food was not, and that's why I would not go back or recommend this place. If you really MUST eat here, be sure to stop by the Tix4Tonight booth at the entrance of the casino.  They sell dining discount coupons for $3.00.  At Bill's the coupon disount was 50% off an entree.
