4	I am completely amazed that I am the first one to be reviewing this place.A one of a kind deli. The sandwiches are enormous with very unique round rolls, deli meats & cheeses plus they have some of the best soup around.They also have pizzas,wraps and salads.I usually get a roast beef & cheese sandwich and Wisconsin cheese soup with chips & a drink plus tip under $20.The have a dozen or so tables inside and a drive thru so eat in or take-out. Good Eats!
2	Tried the French dip @Schlotzskys and it was extremely disappointong....don't even get me started with the soup..This place must not do much business because i'm always visiting at lunch or dinner and I'm always the ONLY customer.This time the soup was cold and at the bottom, I said something, they brought out more but just put it in the well and still left the cold soup out. I had to pass and it's really the ONLY reason I come back.My sandwich was barely just ok, the bread was a little undercooked and moist.-the beef was bland and chewy........and the price was outrageous!!! $35 for 3 sandwiches,2 soups and 3 drinks!!!!I used to love this place but I guess the owner just doesn't give a shit anymore...
3	After a quick return trip to the Sketchers store in the outlet mall, i had a hankering for Schlotzkys and thirsty for iced tea with lemon.  Thanks  Scott D. for planting the seed in my head.:)  My experience was surprisingly pleasant. I ordered the Texas Schlotzkys, with jalapeno cheese bread, ham, the works, plus more peppers, (ah, a trip down memory lane coming from Texas).  It was just as it always was, a little pricey, but very good, and then there's that smell that's uniquely Schlotzkys of buns baking when you walk in.  Only downside for me, was i ordered iced tea and the vat it comes in was down to the dregs... and tasted it.  Yuck.  Fortunately, that was corrected within minutes.  Took home the other half sandwich for leftovers.
3	I give it 3.5 stars!I'm a fan of Schlotzsky's, have been since I was a kid. For those who've never been, it's basically a sub shop. It's their bread more than anything that sets them apart. Their bread is sponge like, hard to explain but tasty.I've known Schlotzsky's forever, and I noticed this place out of the corner of my eye driving through Vegas. So we stopped in. I ordered the Original, my gf ordered the smoked turkey and guacamole and our friend ordered the chicken chipotle. We all ordered the medium size, unless you're super starving or sharing, stick with the medium. The large is just huge. I was totally satisfied, and so was our traveling companion. My gf though, not so much. I think I know why. The smoked turkey they use is really smoking. I wasn't sure if it was turkey or johnny walker black label in the sandwich. I think if it was regular oven roasted turkey, she'd like it a lot more. I'd go back, and I wish we had them in LA.
4	Despite Schlotzsky's being a chain it's got the feel of a hole-in-the-wall deli. But maybe that has more to do with the run down building and not-always-clean interior. Regardless, I've been a fan for the past few years. The thing that elevates their sandwiches from 'solid' to good or great is their bread. It's lightly toasted, so the edges are a little crispy, but the rest is soft, chewy and spongey. Definitely unique compared to most other sandwich places in town. My usual is the ham & cheese, but 'The Original', turkey club, and roast beef sandwiches are all good. Portions are big. The regular size is usually enough for 2 in my opinion.
4	We both hadn't been here for years. We ordered the chicken cordon blue and the pastrami sandwiches- both regular (three sizes, but don't bother with the small size because it's more like snack size) and split it. The chicken cordon blue was perfect(high marks for this one)- fresh baked bun spongy, thinly sliced chicken with thinly sliced ham and topped with a slice of crispy bacon (wasn't expecting the bacon but it worked). Very good and satisfying. The pastrami (on dark rye) sandwich was good but the meat was extremely fatty- even after trimming it off before eating it. My husband pulled out large pieces of fat from his half too. If you still plan on getting it, use a plastic knife to trim off all the fat. My husband loves their fresh baked bread- pretty unique as far as delis go.The deli is well stocked with many choices besides sandwiches, including pizza, salads, soups, chips, pickles, and cookies (my husband who has a sweet tooth, enjoyed the cookie- soft and chewy). Free refills on drinks. This place looks really small from the outside, but it's like a teepee- spacious inside with lots of tables and bathrooms in the back. Also has a drive-thru window and does catering as well. The staff is nice and you get your food pretty quick.
1	Impressively bad. Food was bad, service was terrible. Overall this was a dining experience gone terribly wrong. It's a dirty atmosphere, we got there at 10:20 am on a day they opened at 10 to locked doors and two employees sitting around talking. My advice, just go to quizno's or subway.
5	I've always enjoyed eating here. I've been coming to this location for about 10 years and the food has always been good and keeps me coming back. My favorites are their pizzas and original sandwiches. The price is about average compared to other sandwich shops but they have a unique flavor that's really enjoyable.
4	My wife and I were here today for probably the 400th time.  Come here at least twice a month without fail.  Never thought to post a Yelp for whatever reason until now.  The owner came by our table, as he usually does as he makes the rounds and checks on the patrons.  He happened to mention how there were a couple reviews that were really bad and how disappointed he was that someone would have had such a bad experience.  By the number of visits, its easy to tell we really like the place.  The staff is super friendly and the food is always good. From the pizza to the sandwiches to the soup to the fresh baked cookies, we've tried it all and it's delicious.
2	The family ended up here when Heidi's Deli was closed and we were in need of a quick bite.Everyone got the Original and I grabbed a pesto chicken. There wasn't anything really remarkable with the sandwich despite the dining room being busy. The bread was nice soft and spongy inside with a crisp outside, but there wasn't much filling and a half a slice of tomato and shredded iceburg with some pesto. I threw their hot sauce on it to make it a bit better. A small was deceivingly filling, but I don't eat just be filled up. I like that their drink fountain has 3 kinds of ice tea AND two flavors of lemonade to make some great arnold palmer concoctions. The first cup of tea just tasted old. The 2nd was a different kind and it was the same. So the 3rd cup I just did lemonade and it tasted like the plastic dispenser. WTF? Not really feeling it.
4	I love their food, but hate their location!  Get out of this dump and double your business.  Keep Carla in the kitchen.  She has no customer skills whatsoever.
4	Funny name. Serious sandwich. If you've never tried Schlotzsky's unique sandwiches before, you're in for a sandwich unlike any you've tried before. Not necessarily the best you'll ever have but definitely delicious primarily because of the proprietary, round, sourdough bread  that envelops the filling. Warm, fluffy, and resembling the moon's crater-filled acne, the bread is enhanced by a unique combo of ingredients plus a nice 'spicy' ranch sauce drizzled on top of your fillings. One bite wonder.Liberally soak your sandwich in the 'cajun' Schlotzsky's hot sauce (not spicy at all fyi) til your sandwich starts resembling a taco and be prepared to experience taste bud bliss.The pizzas are also VERY good. Surprising but true. The veggie is very tasty. Drizzle that sauce, baby!The Vegas location isn't pretty by any means but considering there are no Schlotzsky's Delis in NorCal anymore, I'll deal with it.**Tip: they deliver within a 3 mile radius of West Charleston Blvd. in Vegas.**Brought a buddy here and he was instantly hooked on The Original.
2	Do you like it hot??I dont. Well lemme say, I like certain sandwiches warm and toasty but not one with avocado. We came here a while ago because I LOVE deli sandwiches. I have never been here so I was EXCITED. Like a virgins first lay I was let down : (I love any sandwich with avocado, alas its an add on so it more expensive so I opted for the turkey bacon club with avocado. They ask what size I want. So I pick the medium bc the small looked itty bitty, I opted for the combo but was kinda irritated when it was almost 9$! I think paying as much as a small steak dinner for a deli sandwich is preposterous! We sat and waited for our meals, it took a little time (which was weird bc they werent even busy!) but our food finally came out . I grabbed my sandwich and felt it was warm and was like "wtf?" Im not a fan. The sandwich was meh and I was just over this place. I felt like I was eating a turkey burger bc of the round bun also, weird!!I will not come back, too expensive and the food wasnt worth the price!
1	Don't order a combo - it's a ripoff.  They advertise a small combo for $6.99 but then add everything up individually for a cost of $7.18.  The manager tried to say corporate changed the price and they didn't change it on the board yet but I doubt that's true.
5	I'm the type of person who enjoys trying different things. When someone suggests eating sandwiches, I'd much rather try something out of the norm, rather than settling for Subway (although I don't have a problem with Subway at all!)That being said, Schlotzsky's is NOTHING like subway, so I don't even think they're comparable. Yes, they both serve sandwiches, but subway serves mostly cold subs, while Schlotzsky's serves round, hot sandwiches that'll cause a party in your mouth with an explosion of flavors. The only concern I have with this place is the immensity of options. I can sit there wondering what to eat for hours. The pizzas are my personal favorite, but they have this new roasted turkey sandwich with avocado that rocked my tastebuds. I simply don't understand the previous comment complaining about avocado on a hot sandwich? It's just like any other cold vegetable that's added on a hot item. A burrito, a burger, nachos, etc. Avocado is a creamy addition that'll improve the flavor of almost any sandwich, hot or cold. That being said, I personally love this place. I enjoy the drink selection, their original selection of chips, even their cookies! I have had one time where I went through the drive-thru and got the wrong sandwich, I would have gone back, but there wasn't anything I disliked about it like onions or olives, so I just dealt. Other than that, I've enjoyed every other time I've been there. Yumminess at it's finest!
3	this place is across the street from where i get my hair done. The sandwiches are ok. I have had better but sometime when you are hungry you have to eat what you can.
4	I love the Original sandwich here, but I wish they weren't stingy on the toppings. It seems like each time I have a sandwich there is less and less tomatoes, lettuce, black olives, and salami on it!  Today my Original's toppings didnt cover my whole sandwich, so I ate a lot of bread :( The customer service here is great.  Both the girl taking my order, and the man delivering my food to my table were extremely friendly.  And a pecan chicken cranberry salad was tried...it was good!I wish their parking lot was larger, it is very tiny and full at lunchtime. It's very hard to get out of a parking spot!
4	Got their chicken and pesto pizza. Very good and filling. Not busy in there at all.
4	I'm usually not a fan of hot sandwiches but this place is the exception. I've been hooked on them since I was a teenage in California but the one in my hometown closed. When I move to NC I was pleasantly surprised when they had one in the middle of nowhere town I was living in. And now I'm in Vegas and this place still hits the spot. I get the original (with turkey instead of ham) and you can't go wrong. The baked BBQ chips are good and they serve Southern sweet tea (no quite as Southern as I'm use to since I've lived in NC and they're serious about tea over there) but it's still good. The owners (this is a franchise) are so nice and so was the rest of the staff. I'm not a fast foodie but this place is too good to pass up.
5	Over the years, this has become a hole in the wall type of place that is getting older and older.  However, hole in the wall type of places can be fantastic and this place certainly is.I've always loved their food. Their wisconsin cheddar cheese soup is GREAT and they make their own croutons in the restaurant (definitely better then what you find in a box) This place may be old, but the owner does a good job keeping it clean, and service is VERY friendly.  The sandwhich I love the most is their original with extra onion.  They have great sourdough bread that they use.  Prices are very reasonable and I have eaten here for years and I always highly recommend this place to anyone.
2	This is the only place to get Schlotzsky's so regardless of the lackluster dining experience  - I will be back.I love the original.  The warm sourdough type bread with the warm ham... mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm good. This place is old and run down.  The service sucks.  But if you want some Schlotzcky's this is it!
5	Five stars and that's about it
5	Best Hot Sandwiches In Town!!!!! Secret Recipe in their Dough is the Key!!! They are Very Addictive.... And I can't go long without one! Also was my first Job in Las Vegas!!!! I Also was on the news when I worked there on a story about raising the minimum wage while I still had my Southern Accent!!!!!! And my Glasses Yuck!!!! I think I was 15... Not sure, Can't Remember!!!! You can also call in your order ahead of time, if you don't like to wait!!!! My Favorite is the Deluxe Original with No Onions with Guacemole & Louisiana Hot Sauce!!!!
4	I'm a long time Schlotzsky's fan. Been eating her since I was a kid and I still love it. It's funny because until a few years ago I didn't realize that I much prefer sourdough bread... so that probably explains why I love this place. My favorite is the turkey, original style but with only turkey (no pork) Every once and a while I'll get the one with avocado... but honestly the regular sandwich is so good I don't think it needs anything extra. I'm also thrilled that the location by my work carries China Mist Passion Fruit Black Tea (my absolute favorite iced tea) I love it!!!The chip selection leaves a little to be desired, but I'm not coming here for the chips. Staff at this location is always extremely helpful and patient... I'm usually ordering for several co-workers and don't always have my ducks in a row.
3	I have to admit, the only thing that makes this place good is their interesting looking bread, which is unique in appearance and texture and is delicious. Other than that, the sandwiches are pretty plain and expensive for what you get ($5-6 for a small sandwich). The service here is pretty lackluster, since there are only a couple people working at any given time. When I've been here, I've found the cashier to be a little impatient when customers are trying to figure out what to order, so now I tend to just hit the drive thru. The building is super old and parking is tight since there aren't very many spots out front. There's another small parking area in the back but it's not much larger. I usually get the small original, which is good, but like I said...only because the bread is unique, fresh and tasty. If they used baugettes or "normal" sub bread for their sandwiches, I don't think I would eat here.
4	We used to make special trips to the Schlotzsky's in Atlanta, which was like 45 minutes from where we lived.  So, when we moved to Carson City, we were in Schlotzsky's withdrawal.  Now that we are here in LV, we are thrilled to have one nearby!  So far, this location is as good as any that we've been to in the past. Service has been friendly and quick, and the sandwiches have been consistent with my expectations.  My favorite part about a Schlotzsky's sandwich is the sourdough bread and the olive tapenade that comes on the Original (it might come on other ones too, but I pretty much always order the Original).  Besides the sandwiches, I also really love their cracked pepper potato chips, while my fella' swears by the jalapeno chips.  In fact, this is the only place we know of where he can get non-kettle style jalapeno flavored chips.  We will no doubt be back again and again.
4	Definitely the most underrated sandwich in Las Vegas.  The bread is insanely good and the toppings are generous.  Very clean restaurant inside and the staff from cashier to sandwich makers are friendly.  Join the sandwich club and get a free one on your bday.
4	I love Schlotzsky's but this location is kind of a bummer. They used to have an employee named Theo who was the bomb! Knew exactly what we wanted to order, knew our kid's name, CARED. Now...you're just lucky if they get your order right the first time. Missing Theo!!!
4	I first went to Schlotzsky's when I was living in Texas, and I was glad to see there are a few of them here in Las Vegas. This one is close to my house and easy to get to from anywhere in the Valley. It's always busy but never crowded, and you can get in and out pretty fast.I had a free sandwich/pizza coupon for my birthday as a member of the Bun & Fun eClub, and I opted for the chicken and pesto pizza. Tasty, and a good-sized portion for lunch. (Plus free is always nice!) My husband had a medium reuben on rye, and it was pretty good, too. He usually gets the original sandwich on sourdough, and I usually get a vegetarian sandwich on wheat, so we mixed it up a little this time around. All four are great choices, depending on your mood.If you want a quick, tasty sandwich (or a personal-sized pizza), give Schlotzsky's a try. And if you go there often, I suggest signing up for the Bun & Fun eClub online.
4	Sandwiches that can become a salad. This place is a good surprise, meaning, I haven't been here in a very long time, so I decided to stop for a salad. I can say that it turned out to be a good choice. Fresh, made on the spot, thin turkey stips, good mix of greens, crispy bacon, egg, tomato and avocada in bite size pieces. Overall, a good salad!
4	If you've never been to a Schlotzki's have a friend blind fold you and lead you into this one. If you let the look of the place influence your opinion you'll be doing yourself a disservice. This place is old. The building. Like 20th century old.  But they've got it going on where it counts which is back in the kitchen. Like so many others, me and Schlotzki's met up in another state. I was in Louisiana playing with my rich Uncle Sam. Found that one by accident just like I found this one by accident. To everyone who wrote a bad review about the food, you must be on Crack! Can't touch the bread. I took one star off because of the building. The stuff in the bag was on point. I was expecting a let down. Perhaps my memory of Schlotzki's was too much to live up to. They lived up to my memory exactly. So go in blindfolded and enjoy what they do in the kitchen.  But for crying out loud get off the building crap. It's old. But ya don't eat the building. Friendly staff, good eats. What else do you need?
5	The older gentleman running the drive through was probably one of the nicest men I've encountered in a long time. Foods always amazing. Will be back soon. Great service!
4	Absolutely love this deli. The staff is friendly and the place is always clean. They make some awesome sandwiches with their unique oh so good bread, hmmm. Their pizza's are pretty tasty too, nice and cheesy with a crispy crust. Definitely pricey but so worth it. Don't forget to make your meal a combo and try their jalapeno chips, sooooo good plus they have free refills on their drinks and that's always a plus.
4	I absolutely LOVE this place! I'm so glad we found another one. I had started to believe that I would never get to eat another one of their glorious sandwiches again. Thank god, I was mistaken! It's Schlotzsky's. There's not too much to say about it, right? Yea, it's a national chain (or was), but I don't care. They make delicious sandwiches on fantastic bread. This particular one doesn't have the uniform look that I've come to know, but the food is every bit as good. The Original is just about perfection! Also, in case you were unaware, they carry their own brand of chips. With flavors like Black Pepper and Jalapeno (regular, NOT kettle!!!), they are a refreshingly addictive side...and maybe a second or third bag for homework later. They also offer a variety of baked goods and desserts, but I haven't tried any of them yet. The staff is always, ALWAYS super-friendly and helpful, too. I mean, what else can you ask for?I am so, SO glad that there are still a few of these shops still lurking around!
5	Sandwiches are great and I've had really nice customer service each time I've visited.
5	There is a man there that has the best customer service ever!! He was so sweet! The sanwiches were perfect and our kiddos were happy! Great time!! :)
5	Our little family has been eating at this location since we moved to Vegas a couple of years ago. The food is always excellent!  The staff is awesome!  The manager/owner of this eatery is personable and engaging!  The sandwich maker is THE BEST. My husband and son rave at her sandwiches and she is a super sweet lady as well.
1	Cinnabon at this location is supposed to open at 7:00 am. At 7:05 we noticed a worker looking at us then duck back to hide thinking we didn't see him. Lost out on a Friday order of a dozen cinnamon rolls for a staff meeting and any other meetings!
3	Generally when I got to a deli, I expect sandwiches and most likely soup. Here, the sky's the limit with sandwiches, flatbreads, and now even pizzas. But the salads are all super-basic and the soups are limited to two a day, in bizarre flavors like cheese-bacon or boring standbys like chicken and rice. Sandwiches are fine here, fresh with good sauces- I particularly like their fiesta chicken with a chipotle sauce, and give them props for having pesto on more than one single sandwich. Service is friendly, location interior is much nicer than the run-down exterior would suggest- lived down the street for months before I realized it wasn't closed down!
5	Schlotzsky's is WONDERFUL!As far as I know, this is the only location in town. I can't really understand why because they're everywhere in Texas and Arizona. One would think a Strip location here would do very well.Everything here is GOOD, but I always stick with the ORIGINAL! Generous portions of meat and cheese, fresh lettuce and olives...YUM!Of course, it's the bread that makes Schlotzsky's stand out as the KING. Oh, they fresh bake their own bread and it's oh so chewy and GOOD. When I want a sandwich and Subway is only a block away, I'll gladly drive 30 minutes for my Schlotzsky's...it's a NO BRAINER!
4	This is my girlfriend first  time here. We ordered the ham and cheese and bacon 6in it was very good. We will return.
4	Schlotzsky's Deli makes an honest sandwich. It's good, and everyone and their mom knows it. Seating is limited, and if you're having trouble finding a place to eat, try the park across the street.   My only qualm is that every time I go, I'm paying $15 to eat a sandwich.
4	The "Original" is still my favorite!You can't go wrong with this sandwich!The bread here is what makes their sandwiches different from other delis.So if it is your first visit... try the Original.Even though they have a vast menu of lunch items that are pretty tasty.Flat breads, salads, wraps, and even pizzas!I haven't had the flat bread....The Turkey Avacado Cobb and the Southwest Chicken Salad are both good, andthe Veggie Pizza is another of my favorites!
