5	McElroy is phenomenal. Compassionate and thorough, yet cost-conscious if that matters to you. Took 2 cats there. Don't recommend the shorter chick, though.
5	Dr. Dust may be the most compassionate vet i've ever met.  He has taken excellent care of our very sick dog for many years and always knew when to refer to the Vet School just a few miles away.  Part psychiatrist part vet but all wonderful.
5	Been happy with Dr. McElroy.  The place is really clean, which must be so hard for a place with all kinds of animals running around through it all day.  Dr. McElroy neutered my pup and fixed his tiny hernia, gives him his shots and tells me what I need to do for him.  Not the first vet I've been to in CU, but definitely the best.
5	I've lived in six states, and this is the single best vet practice I have ever taken an animal to.  It's the only practice where I will see the first vet available -- all of the vets there are that good, that kind, and that trustworthy.  (Though I should also say for the record that Dr. Dust has a cult following, which is totally deserved).
5	I've been taking my cat here for many years. He sees Dr. Dust and I've been incredibly happy with my visits here. When my cat became sick with some sort of kidney infection, I felt Dr. Dust did a thorough job of performing necessary tests without going overboard. He explained everything in detail and always asked for my approval before doing anything. I was pretty stressed and he really made me feel that I had and was doing the right things. I had thought, at one point, about finding somewhere less expensive, but now I wouldn't feel comfortable taking my cat anywhere else. Their prices are probably on the high end, but not unreasonable. Dr. Dust and the rest of the staff are all wonderful.
4	The time had come to fly my Illinois kitty home with me to California, so I made an appointment with Heritage to update his records and get his necessary vaccinations. The staff was great and Dr. Dust was wonderful. My sometimes grumpy boy was putty in his hands and was so happy at having his chin scratched by the friendly little tech that he purred right through his immunizations.I liked that the waiting areas for dogs and cats were separated too. That's a very cat-friendly thing to do, and cuts down on a ton of stress for your pet.Even though the office is busy, everyone is very efficient and just as nice as could be and they seem to really care about your pet. Parking is easy and the location is terrific. If Figaro and I had stayed in town, we'd also have stayed with Heritage. Two paws up. :)
5	Like another reviewer, I will also happily take any vet who happens to be available to treat my 2 dogs and 2 cats.  Everyone is wonderful, capable and friendly.  I do have to say that Dr. Dust is truly kind and wonderful with my pets and if you have a serious issue, he's the best.
5	This is the best clinic I have used.  All of the doctors are excellent and do a thorough job taking care of your animal.
5	I adopted a kitten from CCHS and needed to take him in for his 1 week vet appointment. After scanning the list of providers and looking at some reviews, VCA seemed to be the way to go. I called and got the best appointment for my schedule that week, because I knew it was important for him to get in soon after taking him home. Though I couldn't get an appointment with Dr. Dust or Dr. McElroy like everyone raved about, I saw Dr. Rhodes. She was wonderful with my cat and very helpful in explaining things to me as a first time cat owner. She took very good care of him when he got all of his shots and made us both feel very comfortable in the office. I definitely can't wait to see her again when he is a big boy next year! Seems like you can't go wrong with any of the vets here.
5	It's no wonder VCA has 5 stars they are amazing, we take our Dog Max there, he was rescued and was sick soon after we got him, they have taken such good care of him, have been more than helpful in faxing us his records adn nursing him back to health, if you are looking for a great Vet this is the place to go!
5	So impressed with this facility. We just moved to Champaign from Southern California and I relied on yelp reviews to find our new vet. Thank you for not steering me wrong yelpers!! Dr. Rhodes was awesome. Our cat has a medical record the size of a dictionary and she took the time to review EVERYTHING before we saw her. She also took the time to ask where we were at with things and what direction we wanted to go in as far as treatment and care. She listened to my concerns and was incredibly receptive to my thoughts and opinions. We have found our forever vet!!
3	I just got a puppy (pure-bred Pomeranian, 10 weeks old) in May and I took him here. Right after getting his shots there he got really sick and I'm not sure if it was because of the vaccination or what but it was kind of scary. I went back and Dr. McElroy told me he must have been fighting it before coming in and she diagnosed it as a URI and gave me medication. He got better but she then said she detected a heart murmur and said it was most likely a 3 (on a scale from 1 to 6). 3 can be serious so I was freaking out and I didn't feel very comforted so I went to a vet that my family had been seeing back home for 20 plus years. He said it was nothing to worry about. He has a 2 out of 6 and that there is nothing I can do about it and he will live like a normal dog should live. I felt so much better. I also felt that Dr. McElroy wasn't very efficient at writing things down because she felt to see if he had testicles four times because she forgot every time that she had already checked. I definitely recommend going to a trusted small clinic vet like I have up north (Dr. Tim Sullivan in Mundelein, Il). VCA is a large corporation and you may not feel very comforted in a place like that. They did have a nice staff and McElroy was nice as well but I don't think she knew too much about small dogs like mine.
5	I take my cat and my dog here. The staff are really great with them. My dog is pretty nervous around new people, and was an absolute mess when we adopted her from cchs a few months ago. Bleeding gums, too skinny, torn pads, and whip worm. They gave great advice and ideas to help her teeth and gums and pads heal. The staff are really nice. Even the cats likes them. I highly recommend them.
