5	Great customer service a lot of products. Must go and see for yourself
5	Great place to get your E liquid, the Cigar Cherry is great. They have great service and looks clean!!!
5	Went in the other day to stock up on juice and my husband wanted to add some flair to his vape. We found everything we were looking for. He got a new tank and a skull tip and we picked up 4 bottles of juice for $20. Everyone was super friendly and helpful. We will definitely be back. Especially since i need to upgrade my vape very soon. Can't wait to pick up some more cool stuff.
5	Great store, good products and awesome deals and prices!  Staff is very friendly and helpful! Will definitely be back!
4	Very cool shop. They are just getting started but stay tuned. They're gonna be one of the best!
5	We love this store!  My husband & I decided to quit smoking and wanted to try vaping.  The staff is very knowledgeable on the products and were very helpful.  We built our own & so far, it's working great.  They allowed us to try any flavor we wanted to so we would go home with something we liked.  We will definitely be going back to this store!
5	My friend got me into "Vaping" lol. So I went to this location and was greeted/treated with a warm Welcome. I told them from the start what I wanted and they guided me with ease. Special thanks to John for his assistance! Explained everything I needed to know about coils/battery/tips/Mods/flavors, everything lol If you're new to Vaping and want to quit smoking or just want to know more, John will gladly help you. I got the Mountain Dew and Watermelon flavor with .6 Nicotine. You can get any flavor with ZERO Nicotine if you desire ;)One last tip, they open at 10am
1	I actually enjoyed this store at first.  Problem was when I asked for a discount for a new E-vic because that the MVP I purchased there had broken only after 3 weeks of use.  Understanding they couldn't / wouldn't refund me, a discount was doable.  Keeping mind I had already purchased a dozen bottles of juice and a number of tanks, they would only offer me 5% off something that was already overpriced in their store. They were charging $110-115 when I actually found at TruVape for $80. In my book, this is bad business. I would've been happy to continue shopping there for all my vaping needs if they had better customer service.  Give a man a fish, he eats for a day... Teach a man to fish, he eats for a lifetime. They chose to eat for a day.
2	Not a bad place, looks decent. Not much selection of juices and $1 per foot of kanthol or silica/ekowool is ridiculous. Just convenient cuz it's next to my place. Last resort type thing
5	The only vape shop in Las Vegas were I buy my vaping supplies. The staff is very helpful and they have a wide selection of juice. You should stop by and see for yourself.
5	By far the best shop I've been to in Vegas. I drive past a handful of vapor shops just to come to this one!   Great customer service best selection and the prices are lower then the places I used to go to. I highly recommend everyone to come to this store. I wish I could give 6 stars!!!!
5	I am very happy with the service I receive, they are a great bunch of peaple, always answering questions I have and have great deals..5
5	Excellent service, my one and only vape store and the rebuild my drip tip for free (tip only).
5	This place is bar none the best ever !!Got a new tank and flavors that had me in aww guessing cause i had an old tank that did not allow me to taste true flavors!Stop in and try some new flavors sure to knock ur taste buds into next week enjoy people ... Enjoy
