5	I was in Montreal for the weekend, and being a college student, I was looking to spend as little money as possible. Thankfully, that didn't mean that I had to skimp on absolutely AMAZING food.This place was excellent. It was clean despite the unassuming storefront, and the decor set a great mood (despite the somewhat unnerving Christian art on the walls). But most importantly, the food was impeccable.One of my friends didn't like Indian food before he arrived; he left the restaurant with a newfound respect for the cuisine. Their lamb was tender. Their curry was delicious. Even their naan and their Basmati rice, side dishes that came with every meal, were amazing. And our servers were extremely polite.At the end of the meal we were given scented towels to wipe our hands clean. All in all, this place is excellent. Would do business again.
5	I'm the friend of Max E. from above.  This restaurant really turned Indian food around for me.  I haven't had any Indian food quite as good as Nouveau Delhi yet, but I'm definitely going back to this place when I'm back in Montreal.The service was amazing, and the food was amazing.  I can't wait to go to Montreal again!
1	I ordered in from Nouveau Delhi.  When I opened my container of saag paneer, I was perplexed at seeing little more than a mound of greasy spinach.  After mining, with no success, to the bottom in search of freshly made cheese, I gave up in defeat and started eating what was there.Mid-way through what was already an unsatisfying and disappointing meal, something caught on my teeth.  I thought it might have been a random bit of kitchen debris, but I was wrong.  There was a metal staple mixed in with my food.  Yes: the same kind of staple I use to bind sheets of paper together and that I've never found in any recipes at all.While the meal did include some free office supplies, it was, overall, lacklustre. The "garlic chili" naan tasted neither spicy nor of garlic, and my dining partner's plain naan was burnt.  My dining partner gave a lukewarm review of her chicken korma: it was "not the best" she'd had but also not the worst.I can't recommend this restaurant in good conscience, but, given the other positive reviews, maybe I just caught them on a bad night.  It was a bad enough night, though, that I don't think I'll be going back to grant them a second chance.
