5	The apartments are very nice and clean. The pool is amazing!!! There are two pools at the apartments and a hot tub. There is a closed area for grilling and chairs and umbrella's.
1	These apartments are advertised as luxury but don't be fooled.  The models look great and the grounds look great when you first visit - but DO NOT SIGN A LEASE UNTIL YOU SEE THE ACTUAL UNIT YOU ARE GETTING !!!  I am stuck for just a few more months with a disgusting unit.  I complained about the smell when I did my walk through and they said they would take care of it but all they did was come in and spray something that smelled even worse than the dog urine in the carpet.  I got a black light to check where the urine spots were (animal urine glows under black light) and the odor was coming from and found that the bedroom lights up like a Christmas tree.  I have also spent all my free time over the last month cleaning.  They do not professionally clean anything before someone moves in - nothing was washed down - the cabinets had food and stains all over them, the blinds had food and dust all over them and there is also a leak in the sink disposer and it doesn't work properly.  One of the cabinet drawers was also busted and the rail was placed inside the drawer.  When I had to be persistent about the carpet issues I was given attitude about it - believe it or not the person I talked to basically told me that I would get used to the smell.  They did touch up the paint but the paint job was awful - they did not tape off anything and there are paint smears on the carpets and window frames.  They did not wipe down the baseboards and just painted over the dust and grime.  The doors have paint drips all over them too.  I am paying over $800 a month for a one bedroom and for that kind of price I expect at least cleanliness. I am going to try one more time to get the carpet issue resolved....
1	By far the worst apt complex I have ever been in, do nothing to help with problems like the guy stroking himself in broad daylight for all to see and hitting on girlfriend on her way to my apt. Refers you to police for noise complaints when metro can't do anything unless they can hear it from outside, interrupted drug deals in stairwells in building, poor excuse for management, walls are super thin stay away at all costs homeless is a better option
1	Hmmmm I thought reviews couldn't be taken down. Avoid this place like the plague management is a bunch of morons , you constantly walk in on drug deals happening in the stairwells, groups of guys on the sidewalks blatantly smoking dope and even though It takes me 3-4 mins to walk to the front office it took mgmt 52 mins to get here with the golf cart. Girlfriend came over and said guy was out front with his hands down his shorts and sure enough I look out and he is going to town and again when mgmt finally showed up 45 mins later he was gone. The noise is unbearable ppl in stairwells screaming at all hours loud music people arguing about smoking dope and mgmt refuses to do anything about it saying it's a police matter but when you call the cops they tell you if they can't hear it from the outside theirs nothing they can do . They will keep raising your rent but get nothing in return! Stay away from this place!!!
2	I have lived here for almost five years now. At first it was great, all my neighbors were mostly military from nellis. My first year living here some Air Force guy hit my car then knocked on all the doors in our building to find me to pay for it. However after three years it started to decline a lot and I don't see that happening now with the people living here. Things just got ghetto and I'm glad that I'm a firm believer in carrying a firearm at all times. Plus the two airforce guys down stairs complain about our music in 5 in the afternoon. Really? I can under stand if it was like 9pm or later and if it was from our large speakers instead of our tiny Bluetooth speakers that we use with our phones. Lol. Okay, Let's get down to the pros and cons of the place. PRO:1. It's gated apartment complex which adds a little bit of security. 2. The repair guys respond within 48hours or so. Not bad. 3. Two pools with a bar area for parties and a nice spot to relax with a gas fire place. 4. A small gym5. Gas grills located around the complex6. Looks nice from the outside. 7. Has stands with doggie bags around the grassy areas8. close to smiths, Home Depot, dottys, jack in the box, in and out, costco isn't too far away, and a few parks not that far away as well. 9. Dinner party's and ice cream parties hosted and paid for by the complex. CON:1. Neighbors are getting very ghetto and they don't look after their kids. They run around every where and I'm scared I might run a kid over one day. We had a baby shower at the pool and some random guy tried to get into a fight with us. Basically a lot of rude people live here now. 2. The repair guys are lazy to do anything major in the repairs aspect and just mark it off telling you don't worry it's fine we'll make sure your not charged for it. The building is just settling. I now live with a giant crack across my wall that looks like it's going to come down. 3. The main pool looks kind of gross because it hasn't been scrubbed clean in a long time. The second pool that my family and friends that come over has named the ghetto pool is disgusting. Trash is every where there, every time I walk my dog I see empty beer bottles and 40's lol4. The gym has most things but is very limited on their equipment. Wished it had better machines for core workouts. 5. Every time I renew my lease the price gets higher and higher. 6. No one picks up after their dog so their is dog **** every where even though you have doggie bag place around the place for free. 7. Had a very rude encounter with one of the office managers. I've been using the same phone number to contact the office for five years every month to get a quote on my rent and water bill. one day it wasn't working. so I went into the office and ask if the number has changed and the manager said no. So I showed her the phone number, she was stubborn, and kept telling me no that's not our number then gave me a look that basically said your stupid. Few weeks latter I called using the same number I have been using and like magic it worked and I still use that same number to call the office when I need it. That was just very shady. My recommendation is find some where else to live first. I know I am looking for some place a little nicer to live now. This place was just a really nice place to live in the beginning but has declined a lot. You do see a lot of eviction stickers on doors too lol.
1	I've only been here since April. Let me start off by saying that it's very appealing on the outside. During the workday no one is at the pool so it looks nice, serene and clean. That's probably when most people come to see the apartments when they're looking to lease so they don't get the real taste of what it's like. I moved into a first floor apartment it wasn't bad until I started noticing cockroaches everywhere the next day. I find at least two half dead ones a day. I found a huge one that was about 3 inches long yesterday. I brought it to their attention after I found a freaking scorpion next to my dining room table. Their response was "Well, you do live on the first floor so the bugs are more likely to come in. We'll get someone to spray it next week." I still get cockroaches on my bathroom sink I even found one on my kitchen counter so I'm pretty much keeping Lysol in business. Also, I bought my own spray and I spray outside too. Next issue, my neighbors are beyond loud. I've also brought this to their attention and they were going to make a note of it. It's currently 10:46pm and I'm listening to their loud dance music with the bass on high of course. Also, my neighbors like to bang 5-6 times a week so I have the pleasure of listening to everything they do around 10:30-11:00pm usually Monday-Fridays. Let me tell ya he has quite the stamina because it lasts for about an hour. Usually I go to bed at 10:00-10:30 since they moved in it's more like 11:45-12:00. Five hours of sleep is awesome...not.The pool is ridiculously packed on the weekends because all of the kids from the area jump the fence to go swimming here. I've witnessed this so many times already. At the end of the day you'll see groups of kids walking back to the neighborhood outside the apt complex. Gym is actually nice. I'm completely happy with it, I think it's because they make you put a $25 refundable deposit for a gym key so not many people want to pay for it so it's more for the people that actually want to work out. Parking is hell where I'm located. I don't care what time of day it is I can't find parking near my apartment so I'm usually parked two buildings over.I can't wait to get out of this place. Save yourself the trouble and look at some other apartments.
1	This place is no luxury apartments. If you like roaches and crickets comeLive here. Kids running around knocking onYour door screaming no adult supervision. Pool is alway full with the kids from out side or closed. The maintenance guy is lazy he does half way done work. My garbage disposal has very low power and a nasty smell. I've asked to have it fix/replaced. And all I get is oh you need to fill it up with ice and that will take care of it. Walls paint is the cheapest nasty patching I think my 4yrs old can do a better paint job. My main problem roaches and crickets.
1	The floor plans and showrooms are fabulous. Just make sure you ask to see an actual empty suite before you sign a lease. Know exactly what you're getting into. I have to add that most of the management staff are professional, friendly and helpful. Update:1. I hate the bug problem in these places. My daughter is terrified of bugs and can't play in her room without a cricket or cockroach ruining her day. Cockroaches creep me out! We also found a huge Black Widow! 2. The walls are paper thin. It's not my superhero super senses. I can literally hear everything outside. And some people like to let the whole complex know they showed up. My new neighbors are nocturnal. They stomp when they walk, and I can hear dogs running around at 2AM.3. My unit smells like cigarette smoke. I thought it would be gone by now. 4. I don't know why it's called luxury! Maybe because the rent is so high? Luxury prices?5. Visitors Park anywhere they please.6. Smokers living in the top suites throw their cigarette butts down into your balcony. My balcony is continually littered with cigarette butts from my upstairs neighbors.
2	I moved here for a short term rental in mind. I have been here about two months or so and must say that overall the apartment is fairly nice. The bedroom is large and has built in storage within the walls. The community is average with typical amenities to be expected. Some complaints I would have are that the development comes off as a luxury apartment but the overall finishes on things such as granite style countertops (which means cheap digitized laminate), cheap cabinets, cheap ugly black appliances are a letdown and obviously a low budget move. My main issue is the amount of bugs found around the development not only outside but inside. The Preserve offers free bug control every Thursday if you request... And I do every week. I have had many crickets, roaches, and two scorpions in my place. Now I understand those are desert bugs but I can't open my windows because I get them in when I have the place sprayed and have no windows open.. I can't imagine what would get in if I try and let in a nice breeze at night. I am not over exaggerating, I have lived in a Camden and I have owned my own home in Vegas and never had these issues. Now I won't blame it on dirt but instead the location of the development. There is nothing around the apartment but empty desert for miles. This is the best option for the bugs as there is water, and trees and whatnot. It's awful though and me and the wife joke that we gotta get home before the sun goes down because that's when we get eaten by the roaches. It's not funny though and instead a sad way to live. My only other issue is the parking. They don't have any assigned parking spots and most the time you will have to park far away from your place. Not a big issue unless you get hit by bugs while walking or have to lug groceries into your place. Overall it hasn't been a bad place in terms of normal apartment issues such as noise, business, and the employees and maintenance of the development get the job done just fine. I would most definitely not recommend moving here only due to the bugs and the prison feeling they give you in your home. There are many better options for a similar price that offer better finishes and less critters.
