5	Ben & Jerry's is still the best chain ice cream shop! The employees are always helpful and polite, and their flavors are just outrageous! The smell of the waffle cones and waffle bowls wafts out the doors as you walk by, and you can't resist. Whether you go for new flavors or classics like Cherry Garcia and Phish Food, you can expect the most flavorful ice cream with the perfect consistency.
5	This is the only Ben and Jerrys that has successfully withheld the recession in AZ.  This means that this is the only one left as well.  Its located in a beautiful plaza called El Pedregal.  They have live music on Sundays.  I found out this information from the friendly owner who told about the history of the store since I asked him if their location was really the only one open in all of AZ.The location is very North Scottsdale.  I am not sure how it does for business, it is far from commercial areas.  On my drove over, I mostly noticed many well built homes.  This is the only Ben and Jerrys left, and I strongly encourage those who enjoy this ice cream to go out and support their business.
5	You can't go wrong with any flavor from Ben & Jerry's. This particular branch is located in a modern plaza with a beautiful courtyard where you can watch performers while you enjoy your ice cream.The customer service can't be beat! The staff member, who I think is also the owner, was just so nice. He gave suggestions of what to see and do in the area.I'd come back again just for the excellent customer service!
3	Went to the only Ben & Jerry's in the Valley of the Sun to take advantage of the "Free Scoop Day" which the ice cream chain offers on their anniversary, every April 12.Arrived to find out that this location doesn't participate.  Really?Got a cone anyhow, it was good, and expensive. ($3.60)The service was very friendly.
2	Disappointment alert, disappointment alert.The wife and I had been wanting to go here, being fans of Ben & Jerry's and wanting to try "secret" flavors one can't find on the shelves and so forth. Unfortunately, the flavors offered were the typical fare. There were a couple of scoop-shop only flavors, but they were on the boring side (Coconut something-or-other). The other flavors you can find in any grocery store, and for the price they charge you here for a few scoops you can get a pint at said stores.The shop, despite being in fancy-pants El Pedregal, is very small and the decor none-too-remarkable. I guess you have the normal choices of sundaes, cones, shakes and the like as in most ice cream places, but the Ben & Jerry's website makes it seem like the scoop shops are a non-stop funhouse of ice cream bliss! For us, it was just a huge out-of-the-way drive to have what we could've had if we had gone to Safeway.
4	Pretty pricey but worth it! Not everyday you can get a chocolate dipped cone with 3 different scoops of amazing bliss! Workers are always glum but just pay and escape and enjoy!!
3	I have to confess...this was the first time I have ever eaten any Ben & Jerry's and you know what? No biggie!  I mean it was good to have and sit in the shade outside (don't even think about trying to sit inside - no room really) but the taste didn't bowl me over  plus they had run out of the flavor of sorbet I wanted anyway! Bummer.  But they are very nice and accommodating in there for those of us with allergies and it was a nice cool treat on a hot day.
4	If you love their ice cream this is the only place you can get a served scoop in a cone in the greater Phoenix area. I made the drive which is a long one from central Scottsdale and extreme from much of the Valley of the Sun. It was nice to enjoy the ice cream. It is a great product and I think it is superior to any other. This is not a full size store. It is in a shopping center that seems to be suffering. I hope it survives. I haven't been for a few months.
