1	I wish I could give this place less than one star. It was easily the worst experience of my life! Let me just start by saying that I had completely virgin hair. I had NEVER dyed it before in my life. I went here because my mother claimed it was a great place. It was very posh. They served me iced tea in a wine glass. I just wish they had used the money for that to hire better stylists. Wendy, was younger than I was, and had an attitude with me from the start. I told her that I wanted to go light blonde (think lady gaga or christina aguilera). I'm a natural brunette. She instantly told me that it would look terrible and that she refused to do it. Then she continued to have every single stylist in the place back her up and tell me how stupid I was for wanting it. Finally she said she would do me a few shades lighter and since my mother suggested her, I decided to just go with it. Instead of making me a few shades lighter she proceeded to give me orange and yellow streaks in my dark brown hair.  Halfway through she started cutting and styling another womans hair (even though I had an appointment and she didn't.) I had to sit for about an hour reading (not under a dryer) while she finished up the other woman. By the time she was done with me I was devastated. She asked me what was wrong and i said "Well it's not blonde enough and I don't really like highlights. I told you this." She took a piece of the yellow she made and said, "THIS ISNT BLONDE TO YOU? ARE YOU TELLING ME THIS ISNT BLONDE!?"Then took me around the entire salon and had every stylist tell me that it looked amazing and I was a "hot blonde". Every single stylist then told me how horrible what I wanted would have looked and that I should be thankful that Wendy did what she wanted instead of listening to me.I felt horribly bullied and left there 200 dollars poorer and covered in embarrassing orange and yellow stripes. I spent weeks wearings hats and headbands to cover up the horrible mistake. It wasn't just the bad hair job, because I could have understood that. But it was the fact that she insulted me and bullied me the entire time and then proceeded to give me the opposite of what I asked for. Why didn't she just tell me from the beginning that she couldn't help me? It would have saved me the $400+ that it cost to correct the mistake she made.
1	So yeah the manager of this store printed out my review to show my mother last time she went in. LMAO SERIOUSLY WHO DOES THIS?Basically I get bullied through the entire hair experience and then my mother comes home complaining that now she feels uncomfortable because they were unhappy with my review. So I'm assuming they were trying to bully me into taking this down? Well, take that as you will. Any company that tries to bully you into taking down a poor review is completely unprofessional in MY opinion.As for Wendy apparently she feels really bad about the job and showed remorse (I would too after reading my review) so I'm posting my UPDATE to say that my hair actually wasn't VIRGIN. I had some box color and that might be why it came out so yellow. That still has nothing to do with the fact that I didn't want streaks or that kind of dye job. She still should have just told me no. She has since apologized for it which is very respectable and professional on her part.But of course those are such tiny details that are now corrected but overshadowed by the fact that the owner printed out my review as if he was in high school and tried to bully me into taking it down by showing my mother. Hello, I'm an adult and I'm entitled to my opinion. I may be a lot of things but I am not a liar. The owner has also told my mothers friend who recommended her to the place trying to pit them against each other. I seriously can't believe that the owner of a business would pull this high school drama and embarrass two of his long term customers like this. I feel horrible for my mother because she should be able to retain a business relationship as a paying customer without being hassled about her daughters opinion of the place.
5	I feel like family at this place!  I have been going to this salon since it opened.  I love the staff and find they are all exceptionally talented. Although I typically see Ramon, when my schedule has changed unexpectedly, I've been seen both Wendy and Christina.  I always feel welcome and look forward my appointments.  My color always looks great.  I trust them to help me look my best and to tell me the truth when I am considering a choice that will make me look like a goofball.In addtion, the salon is very community oriented.  They assist local non-profits with donations, provision of services and volunteer time.  The owner often helps his clients who are undergoing chemotherapy on days the salon is closed to ensure privacy.I have been recommending this salon to friends and family for years and can't imagine going anywhere else.  Rock on Ramon, Wendy & Christina!
5	Ramon and his entire staff have always been professional, accommodating, and friendly in addition to giving the best haircuts and color treatments ever. I get asked all the time who does my hair, so I have happily referred many people to Ramon. My entire family gets their haircuts here. Ramon is the BEST!
1	I got double booked for Christina.  I have never had this happen to me in 4 decades of going to salons.  It's bad business practice and doesn't say much as far as respect for the client.  My time is valuable, I adjusted my schedule to get there for my appointment timely.
5	I have been getting my hair cut by Ramon for over 15 years- both my mom and I started going to Ramon before he opened his own salon.  She lives out of state now but still schedules a haircut with him anytime she can squeeze one in when she visits.First, the pragmatic things.  Every haircut I have had here has been awesome.  Mostly I get my hair cut by Ramon, sometimes I get my hair cut by Christina, either way, I always love it.  I look really young for my age and I am not great at doing my own hair and makeup, so having a nice haircut makes a big difference both at work and at play.  Ramon is also great at changing up my look when I ask for it, even if I have no idea what I want.  It's not cheap, but it's most certainly good value for the money.But this salon also delivers on the less pragmatic aspects.  Ramon is a great, great guy- he's always nice and funny, asks about family and makes all his clients feel good about themselves.  He also does a lot to enrich the community (Maureen M's review sums it up perfectly). Ramon's staff is also amazing- nice, hard-working and talented.  Everyone makes you feel welcome and makes every haircut a fun experience.  This is definitely the type of business you want to support!Ramon has been cutting my hair since I was an awkward teenager in middle school.  I'm now a professional in my late 20's, married (and looked great doing it, thanks to Ramon) and I still go to him.  I recommend you do the same :)
5	I've been going to Ramon's for over 2 1/2 yrs. and feel it's one of the best salons I've every been to.  Christina has colored and cut my hair each time, and I've never been disappointed.  She has a very warm and friendly personality.  She listens to want you'd like done, and her professionalism and expertise always shine through.  I would highly recommend Ramon's to anyone.
5	I have been going to Ali at Design Ramon for a few years and I must say, no one has been this good to my hair! She listens to my concerns, she never disappoints, and makes my hair look healthier and more beautiful than ever before!  She's amazing and I highly recommend this beautiful salon and Ali for a stylist.
5	I have very curly unmanageable hair and Ali always seems to know just what to do with it. I am very apprehensive to let anyone touch my hair but she has yet to disappoint me. She is always trying something new while keeping my best interest in mind. Ramon's salon is a pleasure to go to and I won't go anywhere else!
5	I have been in Arizona for 4 years and this is first great hair salon I have found. Ali has done an awesome job on my hair every single time I've come in. Not once have I had to come back in to touch up or had to fix anything. The atmosphere is totally friendly and welcoming. Best part is their prices are very competitive. a fantastic deal for the quality of work you receive.
5	I went in randomly one day and was given a great cut by Ali. She was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. The salon itself was recently remodeled and looks great. I'll definitely be going back.I also referred my sister to Ali. She was hesitant since she had been getting cut by the same stylist at another salon for the past 7 years. Still, she went in and ended up really loving the haircut and will now be going to her for her cuts from now on.***Update: reading through the reviews, I wanted to point out that Christina and Wendy no longer work at Design Ramon (and haven't for quite some time). The team of stylists there now (Ramon, Ali, and Amanda) work well together and the experience as a whole is much better!
5	Have been getting my hair cut by Ramon for years.  Always great service!!
5	***Update: reading through the reviews, I wanted to point out that Christina and Wendy no longer work at Design Ramon (and haven't for quite some time). The team of stylists there now (Ramon, Ali, and Amanda) work well together and the experience as a whole is much better!I went in randomly one day and was given a great cut by Ali. She was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. The salon itself was recently remodeled and looks great. I'll definitely be going back.I also referred my sister to Ali. She was hesitant since she had been getting cut by the same stylist at another salon for the past 7 years. Still, she went in and ended up really loving the haircut and will now be going to her for her cuts from now on.
