4	Nice place. Friendly and the prices are good. Will get my nails done here again.
1	Horrible! Rude the minute he saw my coupon!  Massage didn't even last 2 minutes!! Not friendly what so ever - go elsewhere!
5	I tried out this salon because it was so close to home. I went on a weekday morning and got right in.This is the cleanest, most sanitary, best-smelling salon I have ever been to. It doesn't smell like a salon at all. The atmosphere is great and the decor matches the atmosphere.They start by putting a new plastic liner in the bowl before each pedicure....so you're not sharing a tub with anyone else's germs (this is, of course, in addition to scrubbing the tub after each pedicure). If you want, you can purchase a brand new nail kit ($12) and they put your name on it and keep it there so that you are the only person they use those specific tools on. I have not chosen to do this, but I see that about 400 other people have.The pedicures are $22. I saw some google reviews where people were calling it high-priced. I come from a place where a basic pedicure averages $30-35, so I do not feel that $22 (compared to the area average of $20) is enough to give it a "high-priced" label, especially considering the lengths they go to in order to maintain sanitary conditions.While the basic pedicure runs $22, they offer various higher-end pedicures that can run up to $57. I have gotten one of the higher priced pedicures here and I have come to this conclusion: Unless you have thick scaly calluses or cracked heels, the basic pedicure is more than adequate. I will stay with the basic from now on, because I do not believe that the "extras" offered on the higher priced pedicures are enough to warrant the price difference.They give a hot-stone massage with the basic pedicure and they do a great job. My polish is very smooth - there are no bubbles and she did not miss any spots or neglect to get it completely down to the corners (my pet peeve). They have a UV lamp for your pedicure to dry and give a shoulder/neck massage for a few minutes while you are drying.The service here is excellent and I feel they go way above and beyond an average salon. My experience here was even better than the times that I've been to an actual spa for a pedicure.
4	A little more expensive, but worth it. Super clean and like others have said you get a liner for the pedi bowl, so that's worth it. $22 for the classic pedi which includes hot stones and hot towel. $25 for gel mani and they have the most color choices I have ever seen! I really liked my mani. I would go back!
5	By far the best nail spa experience I've had. The establishment is super clean and decor is beautiful. I've been going there for the last few months and it gets better every time I'm serviced. I use all the services they offer, (eyelash extentions,gel mani and pedi)...super satisfied. The staff is amazing! Especially my favorite tech "CINDY"!!!  She is definitely an asset to the business and clientale. Thanks for keeping beautiful!
5	I've gone to so many nail places in my area and left unhappy because of how picky I am and then I finally found Aloha Nails which is about a 20 minute drive for me, but it's SO worth it! I'm always looking to get a gel mani and their color choices are endless, it seems like they have new colors added to the bunch every time I go back. All the staff are very gentle with my nails, which I like, and are so friendly and attentive. If you want great service and your nails done nicely, go to aloha, I promise it's worth your money (or drive)
2	So I walked in Sunday..one person there sitting and her cup of coffee occupying the other chair....bcz the coffee also had to have its space I guess. I wanted a simple manicure nothin fancy shmancy...The front receptionist was pushy and trying to add on color so I was like what the heck DO IT....So the woman that actually did the work she was fast good and professional. No ching ching fast comments..However I smiled at one of the ancient woman with the awesome perm thinking hey being friendly...and she walks by me looks at me and spews some Vietnamese by as she walks by me.....Of course the teenager sitting hugging on one of the obnoxious pillows laughs at it....You know ....I speak another language and the only time I use it in America when I dont want someone hearing what I am sayin...At this point youre running a business and whether she said something messed up you just cant do that..Thats prob why half the time I see that place is a,ways empty....Keep up with hte great hospitality at this point you gonna need more of those golden fishes with hte coin in the mouth to plaster ALL over  that store.....
2	It was a busy Saturday and I was with a friend, I did like that they were able to do my mani and pedi at the same time so that my friend and I (who just got a pedi) were done at the same time. However, my pedi was not very good...she rushed through it. I don't even remember the massage. I'm pretty sure they overcharged me too, but I didn't say anything. Oh well, I don't think I'll come back here.
4	I go to aloha on a regular basis...good service before but I think they hired some new staff and are renaming it to "lish"? Not 100% sure. ANYWAYS...aloha is GREAT. Staff is attentive....some more friendly than others but no one is rude or unapproachable. Reasonable prices for what you get. Classic pedi is $22 but you get a lot in it (lined foot bath, hot stones, hot towels, and lengthy massage). The upgrades pedis are definitely worth the price! My manis always turn out great. Cindy is amazing. Rachel is also great (a little slow but totally worth it). Would always recommend!! Affordable and practical!
1	Too bad the service is not as nice as the salon!! I paid over $60 for my nails for one of them to chip off within two days. Also one of the nail tech guys there is a creep, wouldn't be surprised to see him in the news for sexual assault.
