4	This is a really great little slice of heaven in the middle of the city.  It has some great walking paths and is perfect for taking the dog for a stroll.  My favorite part is the beautiful gardens, it's fun to just go and explore.  There are also statues and playgrounds so the whole family can find something to do.
4	Independence Park is a nice stretch of green nicely tucked away amongst townhomes and houses near Presbyterian Hospital.Plenty of walking paths with intermittent gardens and plenty of large, leafy trees make it a good place to enjoy a picnic, take the dog for a walk and/or play frisbee or throw football. There is also apparently a nice owl population in the park, which is kind of nice. It's always entertaining to have some wildlife in the city.
5	I think this would be a great place for a wedding. It's nearby my first Charlotte apartment, and I used to take my doggy there when she was a wee-lass of a pup, so I have fond memories of this beautiful park and my wedding fantasies. The rose garden and the gazebo I think are responsible for the wedding delusions.It's near enough to uptown to make a reasonable place to have a little picnic lunch. I enjoy packing my lunch and finding somewhere nice outside to sit and eat to get a little break from socializing when I'm in an office all day. The slight dip down from the road and the tall trees helps you to forget that you're in the middle of a city. It's a great mini-getaway.
4	Independence Park is a cute, mid-sized neighborhood park and I wish Charlotte had more parks like it. It's great for taking a nice walk. And it's in the middle of the city, but at a lower elevation so it feels a little hidden and sheltered from the street traffic. I went to a craft fair at the park recently, which made for a great afternoon of art and enjoying the sunshine.
3	Reviewing your neighborhood park is a little bit like reviewing your own back yard. Sure, there are things you'd change if you had the time or patience, but hey.. it's home. I feel a little bit this way about Independence Park, which stretches across Hawthorne Lane almost to the CPCC campus on one side, and extends well down 7th Street on the other. I live in Elizabeth and walk there on an almost daily basis.Independence Park is, essentially, two parks. Incidentally, it is also the oldest of Charlotte's original city parks, having opened in 1904. Here's an item for you trivia fans: Where did Independence Boulevard (Charlotte's first "expressway") get its name? Answer: from Independence Park. Until the late 1940s, much of the park was located in the corridor where the Charlottetown/Independence name change occurs.The north side of the park, on which Elizabeth Traditional Elementary School rests, is the action-oriented end of the park: there are ballfields, a track and jungle gym equipment that also serves as the school's playground. This end of the park also has an awesome view of the city skyline. It's also a place where team sports, both kid and adult, are practiced and played. The tennis courts are rather tucked away toward the Armory. Because of the school component, this end of the park is generally busy. The Hawthorne Recreation Center, located on Hawthorne Lane, is leased primarily for table-tennis league play.The south end of the park on the other side of Hawthorne Lane is the "neighborhood" side of the park. With mature trees and large camellia bushes, it is both calm, quiet, and often a little overlooked. The rose garden on the park's far south end is well-tended and lovely. I've seen many brides-to-be having wedding portraits snapped there.Two minor concerns: the first may well be addressed with plans currently in the works between city planners and Elizabeth residents. The south end of the park lacks much kid-friendly play space, which is important to residents who'd like to take their wee ones to play in an area not surrounded by older school-aged children. The second: there are no decent water fountains for four-legged companions. From personal experience with my own dog, I've received my share of dirty looks when I've held up my pooch to sip from the fountain (hey, I don't let her lick the metal!). I recently noticed that the park's north side has installed a pooch fountain, but it wasn't working. No points for that, but perhaps with warmer weather this will change.All in all, Independence Park, my neighborhood park, isn't "perfect," but then part of its charm is its authenticity, its history, and its span from the tree-lined suburban to the panoramic urban side. I say it's A-OK, with room to improve.
4	I didn't spend much time outdoors when I lived in the West Texas area. However, my relationship with the outdoors is definitely changing since moving to Charlotte. I am really enjoying parks! Who knew public, outdoor space could be such a retreat to the senses?!Independence Park is a great place to find tranquility, calm, and relaxation. The day I went it was not very crowded (in comparison to Freedom Park). There were benches and tables that provide space for you to have a picnic or read a book. As you walk along the stretch of pathways and grass, there are also basketball courts and play equipment for the kiddos. There is another section that has a gazebo and looks like people could have small wedding ceremonies there (I think a rehearsal was happening when I was there). It's a beautiful space and gives you another excuse to go outside!
4	When I want to spend time outdoors but don't want the hustle and bustle of Freedom Park, Independence Park is the spot for me. Great location right outside of Uptown (not to mention a gorgeous view of the skyline) and the fact that it's never crowded make it an ideal location for me when I want to be outside. They have a couple of verandas with picnic tables, volleyball court, playground, you know the standard stuff that make a park a park. This place is so tranquil and quiet, it's the perfect place to go to when you want to be one with nature and relax .I wish more people would get out and enjoy the parks we have to offer, our tax dollars are going towards the upkeep of them!
4	This is a pleasant, spacious little park close to my home.  I love the winding paths and foliage.  I also appreciate the fact that due to its slightly lower elevation relative to the surroundings, it seems more removed and quiet than other parks I've seen uptown. They've got a volleyball net (with sand! whoa!), a little table tennis set up and a playground for the munchkins so come by and have fun with your whole family - in the early afternoon, I didn't see anyone or anything particularly shady.  Pick your picnic table or time of attendance carefully as many tables I noticed in full sun with no shade in sight.
4	Cool little park tucked into the heart of my neighborhood.  While it is the oldest public park in the city, it still has kept up with the time and has become a regular for folks looking for a little green space within the concrete city.As noted by others, this park is really divided into an upper and a lower part, divided by the often-traveled Hawthorne Lane.  Sadly, you will have to cross the street to get to the other half as there is no tunnel or overground walkway to help you out.  Best bet is to use the crosswalk at Hawthorne and 7th.  Lower park has a nice winding path, mature trees, and rose garden with a nice gravel walking path and veranda that is quite popular for spring and summer weddings.  The upper park has playground equipment, basketball courts, and open fields for soccer and other recreation.  Because both parks sit below road level, you have a nice sense of nature while the rest of the world zooms by.This park is also quite popular in warmer weather for festivals and corporate functions.  Do check the local schedule if you plan more than a stroll thru the park as you don't want to be crowded out by a pre-planned event that may be much nosier and crowded than what you bargained for.
3	Great location for people watching and to escape. Great place for family activities, basketball, volleyball, grilling and picnic dates. The part is the locaiton of the Juneteenth Festival in Charlotte which is a huge event every year full of Afro-Caribberan vendors, art, etc.
4	This is a lovely park that makes my hood' (Elizabeth) shine. There are an array of events here all the time and so for that reason worth a scope-out on a given weekend-day. It's kept up nicely and has some lush foliage to make it a bit nicer. Good for families, sportsmen/women, and pet-owners alike. It's a nice park that is just a quick jaunt to an ice-cream spot so make a day of it!
5	Spliced by Hawthorne and running in almost canal-like form, Independence Park is a serious gem to be had by all Elizabeth residents and Uptowners alike. A park perfect for a picnic, larger scale birthday party or even a round of ping pong. (they have 2, count em, TWO outdoor ping pong tables! WIN!) There is a small pong/fountain-ish area on the far-east side of the park which is great for kids. Also, there is a small maze garden on the far side of the park passed Hawthorne and behind the condos off of 7th and Lamar. Very fun!We come here every 4th of July for the fireworks. Always a fun time. Always well kempt and beautiful every season. Parking can be an issue, but there are a few behind the elementary school. Get at em fast on a pretty day!
4	Though you wouldn't know it if you didn't look quickly, Charlotte actually has a decent number of parks scattered about. The problem is that, unlike say New York and places like Central park, most of those in the Queen City are tucked into places you can't really see that well from the street as you drive by. Even Freedom Park is not all that visible as you go roaring past. Marshall Park is probably the most visible from the street, and let's face it - it isn't pretty.Independence Park, on the other hand, is a nice little spot, smack dab in a nice area of town. It is, in fact, perhaps nearly on par with Freedom Park in sheer size - but it's not nearly as nice for enjoyment, because it's long and narrow and a bit more difficult to enjoy. Parking can also be a bit of a bear, since there are something like three spots, rather than the monstrous lot that can be found at Freedom (or the huge lot at Marshall, which is probably larger than the grass).Still, it's a nice area, whether you are interested in the ball field, strolling the path, or just hanging out by the fountain. Definitely worth a look.
3	This is a really nice park. There are nice walking paths, rose garden, and playground. I have always felt safe here.
5	This is the CharMeck park I ever visited. June 2002, the year my cousins moved away, we attended the Juneteenth Festival. That is my first memory of this park and I usually visit when I come to Charlotte for the view of the cityscape. This is my favorite park in Charlotte.
