2	So by now everyone knows about the Starbucks running water fiasco, right?http://abcnews.go.com/International/SmartHome/Story?id=5964908&page=1I drive up to the "almost in the hood" new store, and while I'm waiting for my grande, extra hot caramel macciado with half 2% milk and half whole milk, one splenda, no whipped cream, but drizzle the caramel on top?  Oh yeah, and can I have it double-cupped instead of one of those sleevey-things and while I'm waiting at the window I look over and see that little friggin spigot just running for no apparent reason. WTF I say, it's true.  They let the water run all the time!  What ass-clown came up with that idea?
2	So the service was good--timing, acceptional since we were in no rush.. Ordered a venti iced coffee & a tall White Mocha (hot)But she didn't give us a straw for the iced coffee.. and we had driven off before we noticed.  Maybe she was a new barista because she seemed a bit nervous
3	It sad that I give this place 3 stars considering I have been going there everyday for 3 years.  Mainly it is the place on the way to work closest to my house.  This place is busy and they haven't seemed to figure out how to run the drive thru and the inside, it floors me sometimes that they don't have more employees on the machine.  The don't seem to get the morning rush, I am often 15 minutes late to work because they move slowThey do finally know me there - took a while but now they make my coffee how I like it, weekend crew hit or miss.  I will continue to go because it is my place and close.  I just wish they were faster
3	Friendly staff, quick drive through. Normal products for Starbucks ...getting a little pricy since the price hike. If you register and refil your gift card you can earn rewards.
1	Ok, seriously @Starbucks, there should not be visible evidence on the toilet seat that the prior user was... um.... having a bad day.Gross.No other comments. That's just unacceptable.BTW: after being there at least 90 minutes, I used the restroom again just prior to leaving, and there had been zero cleaning done.NEVER GOING BACK TO THIS LOCATION!
3	I've been doing this trend lately where I wait until I check into a place on the Yelp app before I write a review, even if I've been to the place before. Well,...it just so happens that the time I checked in was one of the worst experience I've ever had at this Starbucks.My husband and I decided to stop by to get a small breakfast with coffee. I ordered a Mocha (no-whip) and he ordered a Caramel Macchiato along with our food. We got out food immediately (because that just how they do it.), but our drinks on the other hand...took 18! minutes. Now, don't get me wrong, it's not like the place was packed. It was just us, another woman behind us in line and a couple other people already enjoying their drinks.There were three staff members working. I could tell there were some drive-through orders, but it just didn't seem to make sense that we hadn't gotten our drinks yet. THEN the girl that ordered after us got both of her drinks and left. We stood there waiting... Luckily they noticed us waiting and finished our drinks finally, but as we were waiting our food got cold and our moods spoiled.I haven't had as horrible of experiences here - they are normally pretty, well normal - but this time was different and that's why I'm giving it 3 stars. A mixture of good experience with bad - right in the middle seems fair.
4	I came here again and had a good experience. The staff was really nice and I got my drinks quick. That is my usual experience, so I will bump this up to 4 stars!
2	Anyone who knows me that I am a fan of Starbucks.  After having been turned on to them about five years ago, I have never looked back.  Every Starbucks that I have gone to has had exceptional customer service.Except this one.I usually order one item:  a grande skinny mocha latte, hot.  I have ordered enough at different Starbucks to know when it is made right, and when it's been royally hijacked.  With this Starbucks, it's a 50/50 chance that the drink will be right.  And, frankly, I'm too lazy to bother to complain or have the staff make another one.My biggest complaint about this location, however, is the staff.  I often would go here to get schoolwork done or to work on projects for my clients, so I could sometimes spend three to four hours inside.  The amount of vulgar language that I heard coming from their mouths as they bantered with each other was astonishing.  And it wasn't as if they were whispering it; they were openly using this language.  I would hear them talk about their romantic lives, sometimes in details.  How these employees remain employed is beyond me.  What I heard is simply deplorable.I have since moved from that location and go to a different Starbucks 12 miles or so away.  I made it a point to go back to this Starbucks to see if anything had changed in the six months since my last visit--and it hadn't.  Within one hour of sitting inside doing project work, I heard the expletives as they were bantering.If you have any sense of professionalism about you or are offended by an occasional expletive from the staff, I would steer away from this location.
3	I can see why this place has a less-than-stellar rating. I went on a Thursday for a little afternoon pick-me-up. The location was easy to find and the drive-thru was easy to maneuver. However, the service is what gives them a 3-star rating. I pulled up and did not receive a smile from the barista, something that Starbucks usually prides itself on. The transaction was "quick and dirty", in fact I didn't really know the transaction was over, he just walked away from the window. Hmmph. Less than impressed, but hey, at least I got my goodies :)
1	I'm not a big Starbucks fan but I have a gift card from work and it'll do in a pinch. The drive thru line wrapped all through the parking lot so I parked and went inside. The staff was courteous and I just had a plain coffee. The other clientele I found to be pretty snotty self entitled yuppies. In the parking lot, I almost get hit by some guy rushing through. I start backing out and this guy jumps in his sports car slams it into reverse and almost hits another car and leans on his horn!!! Anyways, it's been awhile since I've been to a Starbucks and now I remember why.
3	Typical Starbucks. Yes, drive thru is available - entrance is on the right. I had a coupon that (I did not know) was linked to one of my gift cards that had no money left in it, but the barista was kind enough to let me pay with my gift card that did have money in it! And, he was super cool and friendly.  Awesome because of the hours (they close at 10 pm while others close at 9 pm) and the baristas, but I'd never come back because it's in such a shady area..
2	When you go to a Starbucks on Thomas Rd, I suppose it's only fair to adjust expectations accordingly, as I did. This gem of a Starbucks, however, took my lowered expectations, met them, and said "we can go lower."Parking is abysmal. 50/50 chance during peak hours you'll need to park next door. Keep in mind there's also always an option to keep driving. Once you enter, you'll be greeted with a friendly cold shoulder. Quality customer service here.The bathrooms, if you have my luck, may be out of both rolls of toilet paper. Don't be a fool like me and proceed before checking. If you have the bad luck of reading this on the toilet, and you are now checking the toilet dispenser, realizing that it's too late, fear not. You don't need to go Indian style, you can use the toilet seat covers in a pinch. Not for the dainty, but better than the alternative.If you're like me and you want to save the next guy from the terrible dilemma depicted above by informing the staff, prepare to be thanked with expert levels of passive aggression.Altogether not my favorite Starbucks experience, but the drink was potable so 2 stars.Good if you: wipe with your handsBad if you: are snobby about things like customer service
4	Why the four stars? No parking. Well, not enough parking. We went through the parking lot at least three times hoping to find a spot and had to resort to parking next door. The coffee? Of course, it was wonderful! Hubby had an iced coffee, and he NEVER has iced coffee but Phoenix is just too hot to have hot coffee in the middle of the afternoon!
3	I only come to Starbucks when there's promotion going on.  I usually just brew it from home or buy it from local companies.  Usually got what I got and don't have to say it twice.
5	This is my everyday sometimes 2/3 times a day Starbucks. This is the Starbucks that is closest to my home and the staff has gotten to know me very well.. I absolutely love this location if I could give them a million stars I would when I get up early to get my morning coffee I get to this Starbucks around 5:15 am and as soon as I hear that (good morning welcome to Starbucks how can I help) I know which employee I have to serve me .. I love my girls and the guys are as sweet as can be. They even know my order when they hear my voice or see my truck when I turn into the parking lot This is the best Starbucks... As close as you can get to the first Starbucks ever in Seattle
