4	It's opening week for this particular Dunkin Donuts and they have it fairly well under control..! I went there to get a donut and they gave me a free iced coffee to my surprise... they have a drive through for your convenience... they're right next-door to CVS and the neighborhood store... :)
3	This Dunkin' ( I've been to many of course) has a nice Decor, the service could use a little help. I waited almost 10 minuets for my Carmel/cream no sugar/Iced Coffee. It was worth the wait though because it was pretty good and was not in a complete rush, but for someone who is, just be aware. They seemed to be always training new workers here, so if you are in a rush your best bet is to use the drive through. They relatively  respond faster there than in the lobby.
2	So this is my first time going to this location and I got an mocha Irish cream iced coffee. At first I didn't order cream with it duh me not know the Irish cream in it was just flavor, so when I got to the window to pay I asked the girl to add cream in it, she was super sweet and was like no problem. Now the guy making the drink grab my drink all pissed off slammed it on the counter, when mixing the cream spilled it everywhere and didn't clean it off and brought it back to the drive thru window slammed it on the counter and gave me a dirty look. It was so ridiculous I had to laugh, he's lucky he caught me in a good mood( which is rare in the morning). So he was extremely rude but the girl taking orders was super sweet and gave good customer service.
1	Holy. Shit.I was ordering possibly the simplest order ever. One large iced coffee and a blueberry muffin. The chick taking my order was so bad I wondered if she was just messing up to piss me off. She kept making up her own order for me. Then she corrected me on what I wanted. Needless to say, I won't be returning.
1	Dry, tasteless and stale donuts!Not the donuts I have recommended in the past as the best. First one I ordered I handed right back. It was hard and obviously stale. Next was a jelly donut that was dry, tasteless and stale.Made my complaint to the manager. She blamed it on their bakery downtown who supplies their donuts. She had received other complaints.Hope they can figure this out and its not a recipe change. Otherwise, too bad and bye bye DD.
1	Go to VANTASTIC donuts, instead. This Dunkin is GROSS. First off, you should have a competent CSR, taking orders. And when you get to the window, they shouldn't be rolling their eyes at you, the blonde one covered in tattoos. And thirdly, she was the one packing our donuts. You would think that she could tell that they were stale and virtually disentigrate a in your hands. If I could give a negative star, I would.
1	I love Dunkin Coffee  but I swear this one has the longest wait times ever. I went thru and swear it looked like maybe 2 people were working. They definetly need to get their staff in order. Not to mention a worker is outside right now by the menu board smoking. How rude does he not realize that is gross smoke is going in all our windows waiting in line.
3	Just happened to be in the mood for a doughnut when I saw the sign. Because this building was built out of my line of sight going up 51st Ave I had no clue anything was going in there.  Of course Dunkin' Donuts picked this location because it was on the inbound side of the street for commuters from the West Valley.I was there about mid morning which is not a busy time.  I was greeted shortly and got my 2 doughnuts.  The doughnuts were as expected and the service was pleasant.  Not much else you can ask for from a doughnut shop.
1	This place is a train wreck. We first went through the drive through at around 6 pm, just wanting to get a few doughnuts.  After driving home, around 2 miles, we discovered that the product we received was hard and stale, and not what we wanted. When I called to complain, the "shift manager" said that "corporate" didn't allow them to make fresh doughnuts after 3 pm, and there was nothing she could do.  When we complained to corporate, I received a call several days later from the "general manager" who apologized and said we weren't the first to have issues. She promised she would take care of it and send me a coupon for free product.  Two weeks went by, so I contacted corporate again.  Several days later a gift card showed up.  So, we went back on Sunday morning.  They had no cream filled doughnuts, so I ordered two breakfast sandwiches.  They messed that up, overcharged me, and just seemed unconcerned.  To be honest, we get better doughnuts at QT then from there.  I recommend you stay away.
3	I'm torn about this review.  This Dunkin has a great location, nice staff, and a modern design.  The wifi is even pretty fast.  The one thing holding it back is its lack of certain items.  For two days in a row, they were out of popular coffee items and donuts.  I came at different times on both days too thinking it was just a function of a busy morning rush, but no dice.  If this Dunkin can get its supply ordering down, it will be a great place for coffee and a donut.
2	This Dunkin is just not consistent.  The wait times are usually 10-15 min in the mornings, which I'm sure is one of the busiest times, and most of the staff just aren't happy to see you or even be working. It's rare when I get a "have a good day" or "thanks for coming in" when I leave (which I've worked in customer service and thats important). This is the only Dunkin on my way to work and I used to go every weekday. Now I go once a week and I only order 1 drink, and at least half of the time its not correct. Its getting hard to go there since you wait so long and its a 50% chance your order wont be correct. If you decide to go to this Dunkin, make sure to go inside, and make sure your order is correct before leaving. AND, make sure you have an extra 10-15 min to spare!
1	Wait times seem rather longer than usual. Made a basic order and took rather long for them to still get it wrong. Employees definitely don't want to be there and show it. Some even tell you when you ask them how they are doing. Seemed like a rather new location and wanted to try it out. Been twice since it opened and both times were slow and messed something up in my order. I'll just look for another place to stop on my way to the office.
2	Sooooooo slow. They do not process a line very fast and most of the time they mess up the order in the simplest of ways. When I've gone inside the employees seem flustered and not in a groove you would expect morning employees to be. Hope they figure it out.
4	I live down the street and I'm always at this location. Some of the employees are really nice and some are just plain rude and obviously don't know customer service. When the place barely opened they would mess up my iced coffee order and add sugar when I asked for Splenda. You can tell because Splenda dissolves quickly where's as sugar settles at the bottom of the cup. There have been times where I've gone back and most of the time the employees are more than happy to fix my order. Dunkin just needs to really focus on the order to not mess it up. But I do love my caramel iced coffee so I'm happy!
4	Every time i go to this location the service is always fast and have what I want to order. Great place to go for coffee.
3	The pace has picked up. But the product quality day to day changes depending who is working. Somedays there isn't the same amount of sugar as there was other days and I order the same thing. Order a sandwich and they forget you didn't want cheese. Overall, the speed of the drive thru is a lot better but it's hit and miss.
