2	It reminds me of my old elementary school library, with pictures of children and pamphlets about how to make time to read to your children.  If I had a few young ones I would come here to pick up some children's books.  There is also a shortage of computers here, only six with internet!  You often have to wait to use the computer; the wait is not to long, but not long enough to get started on any fiction reading.  The time limit is an hour, so that is about enough time to read the news, check your email, and play around on Facebook.  I prefer big libraries, but this one is sufficient enough for families.
2	Conveniently close to the Lynx line, the library is located right where the train leaves South Blvd and heads along Old Pineville. There's plenty of parking with a couple of book drops.Compared to the massive library uptown, this is a rather small library branch with only a half-dozen computers and a bunch of book shelves. There are carousels of CD's and DVD's. There's a good selection of SciFi and Fiction, though I bunch of titles I've been seeking aren't here.Friendly and  helpful staff. If you don't want to go all the way uptown, stop here.
2	I don't know if they built this building to be a library, but it feels like it used to be a small bank branch. Perched in the corner of a shopping center right on south and scaleybark, I didn't really know what to expect, but it's now the closest library to my house so I went for it.The inside is somewhat circular with the circumference lined with shelves of books. The middle is all computers and tables, the desktop computers were full (they offer a reservation system online) and now also offer smaller laptops to use. I don't know the details, I just know they're available (signage and someone checked one out while I was there). The selection is, well, slim. The fact that one of the books I was looking for was placed (accurately, when organized by call numbers) between two completely different topics told me enough. Though I'm sure you could find a few gems while browsing, I'd definitely check online to see if this branch carries what you're looking for before you head there. They do have an eclectic selection of dvds and cds, so if you're waiting for a computer there are a few ways to kill some time, but not many.Really nice staff, and love the self checkout. Just wish they had more of a selection.
4	While this branch is small in size it is really convenient and has a great selection of books and DVDs. They are only 7 computers but they are all new and the branch has had a few upgrades in the past year. The staff is helpful and the branch has super fun holiday decor for all the different seasons.
3	Ugh! This library needs to be remodeled. It makes me feel like I am stuck in the early 90's. Employees aren't as friendly or helpful as the employees at the other locations either.
