1	I've got mixed feelings about this place. In terms of their state-of-the-art equipment and quality of care, they are a top of the line veterinarian. I took my cat there when he was quite sick, and they treated him like he was a person. They ran all kinds of tests and kept him over night and made a very big deal out of my very sick little guy. I appreciated their quality of care.However, I expressed to them that I have a limited budget, and they laid on the guilt...I walked out of the vet the next day with a $800 bill, and a cat who was slightly better, but still mysteriously sick. All their tests told me things that weren't wrong with my cat, but none of them helped me figure out what WAS wrong. I ended up taking him up the road to the Monroe Road Animal Hospital, and they helped my kitty quite a bit more. They treated his symptoms and respected my budget. If you've got tons of money, the Animal Medical is probably the most state of the art facility in our region. I wish I'd been able to afford $800 a day to help my kitty out...but the fact of the matter is, I can't...and I didn't appreciate the staff at Animal Medical suggesting that I was an unloving kitty mama because I can't. I haven't been back, and I don't plan to go back. I drive quite a bit further for the emergency veterinarian in Pineville, but it's worth it.
4	Two Saturdays ago, our favorite black kitty (heretofore referred to as Blackie) woke up with heavy, abdominal breathing. Since she'd been hacking at what I assumed was a hairball for a couple of days, it didn't strike me as that big a deal - probably having trouble getting all that hair up, but let's just be safe and take her in.Most of my animal loving pals take their pets to AMH and love it, so we call them up. Without freaking me out, they tell me to bring her in ASAP, that even though appointments are filled for the day, she'll be seen to as soon as she comes in.Ok, so we arrive. They smile at us, call her by name, we fill out some papers, since we're first-timers, wait for 15 minutes or so. They get her in some oxygen, schedule an oral exam and an x-ray. A couple of hours, Dr. P tell us, and we'll have a better idea what's going on. Why don't you go catch some lunch?We do, but not before being allowed to pet the kittums for a while first. Which meant a lot to me - I've been to several vets that are cagey when it comes to letting you in the back to see your pet.The day goes downhill from there, but the staff stays honest and compassionate throughout. Turns out she has a huge heart tumor. Liquid in her lungs is what's been causing her labored breathing. When they call us back in about 3 hours later, they're ready with a best case and worst case break down. I see x-rays, I have test results explained in detail to me. When I ask, costs are quoted. It's almost certainly passed the point of treatment, and while that's the hardest fact I've ever had to face, Doc P. helps me to come to terms with it, sympathizes, explains some of my guilt away, hands me tissues, all while someone she's barely known for 3 hours is getting snot and tears all over the place. We try to work out a possible ultrasound for the next (sunday) morning, a treatment plan, surgery possibly... but she's disintegrating in front of us. They give us all the time we need, quietly take care of the paperwork, give us the card of the guy they use for cremations.Worst day ever. The service we recieved at AMH, between the super helpful, well informed staff, the quick turnaround on procedures, the respect and sympathy were were shown, made it slightly more bearable. We were so impressed with our Doc that she's now our other kitty's main lady, and has been awesome so far. Smokey might even like her, and she hates everyone.  Costs for the entire terrible day ended up right at $600. A complete check up of our other kitty, including x-rays, blood work, et all, came in at $300. Pricey? A bit. But as Joy said - state-of-the-art equipment and top notch treatment make it worthwhile, for us anyway. For convenience and professionality, look no further.
2	Super expensive. Seriously, rabies shots cost 150 bucks. About 10 years ago, they gave our cats a shot in the neck when we asked for the leg, and it caused 2 of our cats to get vaccine-associated feline sarcoma. We could've sued but we did not. They were very apologetic but we were charged a lot throughout the years. We boarded another one of our cats while we went to Yellowstone in 2006, and when we came back we had to put him to sleep the same day because he got a respiratory infection on top of cancer, which they knew he had. The staff here is pretty inconsistent. Very few vets remain from visit to visit, turnover is frequent. Sometimes you get a good vet, more times you get an average/bad one.It sounds bad, but we still go here. Mostly because they try to take good care of us after all of this has happened. The excessive charging on EVERYTHING is annoying and if we had more than 3 cats then we probably couldn't afford it. I really would look into other places first.
1	Warring they do not have the tools or expertise to complete surgeries. After they opened my dog up for an abdominal obstruction they removed the obstruction but "did not have the right tools to remove the dead intestine tissue" They then reattached the intestine to the dead tissue and advised my Bulldog probably would not make it through the night.We asked who had the expertise to to do this surgery they directed us to Carolina Vet Specialist (CVS). They charged us the full amount for the surgery they could not complete and we transported our dog to CVS where they preformed the surgery successfully and saved my dogs life.If you are just looking for shots for your pet this place maybe fine but in my opinion it is not a real Animal Hospital.
5	Due to its convenient location to my house and even more convenient operating hours, I decided to board my black lab, Sadie, at the Animal Hospital while I went away for a long weekend.  The facilities were immaculate and very updated.There are a few different options for boarding: 1 walk per day (which I chose for Sadie), 2 walks per day, or 2 walks with a personalized playtime.  Sadie stayed in run, since she is over 50 lbs, which was located indoors (a big different from the other animal hospital we go to).  She was fed their food, according to the instructions that I gave, and wasn't charged anything additional.  I think the price is reasonable for the amount of care my pup received while I was away.I called to check in on her daily and got a full progress report on her eating and bathroom habits, as well as her overall well-being and behavior.  I chose to have Sadie groomed prior to her pickup, as spending a few days in a kennel can really make one reek, no offense, like a wet dog.  I saved 10% on the grooming by including it in her boarding package.  She showed up shiny, fresh and happy.  I received a glowing report card from her stay.  Best of all, she was tuckered out from HER vacation, being able to roam and play in her run, instead of being cooped up in her crate while I'm at work.  Good thing, because I was pretty exhausted from my vacation.The day after I picked her up, I received an adorable postcard of Sadie happily playing at the Animal Hospital, thanking me for letting them spend time with my pup and hoping she would come back to play soon.I'd happily recommend this facility to any pet parents who are looking for a trustworthy, safe and clean place to keep their dog without any worries.
5	Huge fan of the Animal Medical Hospital for so many reasons. Here are my top three:1. Knowledgeable MDs. When my dog had a skin infection (that she caught at the dog park), another vet couldn't figure out what it was and said I needed to see a specialist in Charleston...after charging me over $1,000. I decided to get a second opinion before driving the 3.5 hours to see the specialist and had heard good things about Dr. Forward at AMH. She immediately figured out the problem and my dog was feeling better in no time. Dr. Forward has since left to start her own clinic, but every other vet that we've seen has been great with my dog.2. Hours. This clinic is open 24/7, which gives me peace of mind that if there is an emergency, I can just run her up there where they have all of her records on hand and are never closed.3. Boarding & Grooming onsite. This clinic has everything you would need for your pet, and knowledgeable and friendly staff to go along with it. The boarding area is huge and climate controlled, and the grooming staff is great with my dog. We've only had to board her once, and ended up getting a postcard after we got home with her picture on it from a walk she took while there. That thing probably cost them a dollar to produce and send but got them a customer for life. AMH offers a pet portal which sends out newsletters, allows you to schedule appointments online, and sends reminders to your email. And they always call to check up on my dog after she's been in to make sure she's feeling okay after treatments. Prices are a bit steep but in line with the area and the high-quality services provided. I highly recommend this practice.
5	I was a bit skeptical about Animal Medical Hospital at first because of its size.  It's so big that when you walk in, there are anywhere from 3-5 people at the service counter waiting to assist.  And with 13 veterinarians on staff, I was afraid that it was the Walmart of veterinary clinics.  Last fall, however, we had to take one of our senior cats to Animal Medical Hospital for emergency treatment of his failing kidneys.  He stayed overnight in the hospital, and we could easily make daily visits.  Dr. Tammy Evans was fantastic.  She was compassionate, honest, and very informative.  We eventually brought our cat home and he survived another couple of months before inevitably passing away.  Dr. Evans called to check up on him several times.  I was so impressed with her "bedside manner."  Soon after that, it was time to take my other senior cat in for his next exam and shots.  I continued to take him to his regular vet clinic that he had been going to for a few years just because of the history there.   Unfortunately, that clinic had a massive turnover of staff (never a good sign), including my favorite vet, and they "diagnosed" that something was wrong with my kitty that wasn't and started to "treat" him.  That's when I decided to take him to Animal Medical Hospital for a second opinion.  Dr. Evans wasn't available, so I took the first appointment with the first veterinarian that I could.  After examining my cat and getting back the blood test results, Dr. Angela Abendroth immediately took him off the meds the other clinic prescribed and did a full exam.  I was so impressed with how friendly she was, the thoroughness of her examination, and the detailed information/diagnosis she gave me that when it was time to return for my cat's next senior wellness exam (every 6 months), I specifically picked a time when the (apparently very busy) Dr. Abendroth was available.  We recently visited Dr. Abendroth again for that appointment and I was so pleased to see her give such good care again to my cat and do such a thorough examination.  She doesn't rush through things; she takes her time with patients and their "parents."  She really loves animals, and it shows.  Following the exam, I received a "report card" in the mail with my cat's blood test results (all normal -- yea!).  Additionally, Dr. Abendroth personally called me and reiterated that everything was A-OK.   We'll go back in another six months for an appointment, and it will definitely be with Dr. Abendroth again.Don't be fooled by Animal Medical Hospital's size.  Going to a smaller clinic doesn't mean that you'll get more personalized service.  It's all about the quality of the staff, and I've gotten a lot of quality from Animal Medical Hospital.
5	What a great experience....my kitten was sick on a Sunday when her regular vet was closed. I was worried about taking her to an emergency clinic, because I figured it would take forever and be outrageously expensive. I was thrilled with my experience there--they were quick, super-friendly, very gentle and caring with my kitten, and reasonably priced. I'm considering making this my cats' regular vet now!
1	I gave these guys a chance.  For years, really.  Terrible communication and forget about the customer service.  Very sad to write a bad review;  but this is no place for animal lovers.  Hope they get their act together.
3	I've been to AMH about 3 times so far this year. Pros:-Impressive facility, large spaces and adequate sized staff-Compassionate and patient staff-Will work up estimates and options for you if $ is an issueCons:-Don't really have the best equipment for complicated internal issues-Usually a wait (days) to have ultrasounds or x-rays done and not very preciseOverall, I think AMH is a great place to go if you have an after hours emergency that seems fairly simple. Too pricey to be your primary vet and too inadequate to deal with internal medicine or oncology issues.
5	Having accident prone and genetically whacked mutts (Darcy and Payton) that like to cost Mom lots of money we've been pretty regular at Animal Medial Hospital in the past few years. From routine checkups and vax, dog bite wounds, unusual limps, wicked upset stomachs and I'm sure other things I've forgotten about, we've rushed to AMH for help. The front desk girls (and now one guy!) have always been super friendly and efficient even when I know I've been stressed out over a sick dog and probably not my nicest self.  The techs do seem to rotate a bit but they've always been professional and caring towards the animals. Our preferred vet is Dr. Abendroth though others we've seen in emergency situations have been wonderful also. Dr. A is (and I mean this as a total compliment) a total dork over the animals and makes what can be a stressful time to the animal as calm and fun as possible. Even my buttheaded stubborn old girl will willingly walk away from me if Dr. A is leading her. I've also used them for boarding and while nowhere is as good as home mine seem comfy staying here with the staff. Their 24/7 hours are an asset to the community as I know I always have somewhere to go or call if I have an emergency. I also love that I can get an appointment for regular services on the weekend or after work hours. Their prices seem to be on the high end of average for regular vet care and average for emergency services.
4	Super professional place open 24 hours for pet emergencies.  I brought my snarky cat in (within five minutes...'maam...can we sedate your cat for the exam?')  Their office is right on Monroe Rd, easy to get to from Uptown.  Big parking lot and very nice lobby and exam rooms.  UG the kittens up for adoption tho seduce you from the lobby - man they are hard to resist!They have coffee while you are waiting and a huge assortment of specialty food for your pet.  My little monster ended up being fine - $200 later he was diagnosed with attitude.  The vet got my permission for all the tests they were running tho and gave me reading material on how to help my situation.The accept walk-ins and appointments.  I will definitely be back for all my pet needs - thanks guys!!
5	I have had the pleasure of working with Animal Medical Hospital as a consultant as well as a pet owner.  AMH is focused on being the best to their clients and their animals.  The training and level of equipment and resources you get at AMH is unmatched!
2	Nice facility and friendly medical staff, but...Pushed dental appointment and made it without informing me it involved putting my dog under or mentioned the price.Got yearly and two shots for $205 and a few hours after the appointment found a healthcare gift card from the humane society so called and asked if I could retroactively use it and all I got was a ride "no" without any apology or explanation.Won't be returning.
1	I can't really express how disappointed I am with AMH. My boyfriend was down from Raleigh to help me bring my newly rescued cat for his appointment and we left early with him and drove from Cornelius down to their offices. Through no fault of our own, Independence was closed down to one lane. We were about 18 minutes late (I called before my appointment time to let them know I was running late and why). I understand that they'd have to take the next appointment before us in that case, but they didn't just do that -- they enacted a PUNITIVE policy that they would take all the walk-ins in the waiting room before us. We would have to wait (with my cat in his tiny temporary cardboard crate that he was currently dismantling) for over an hour. I know they could have made an exception because one receptionist asked about it, but they chose not to. Nevermind that I told them about the road conditions and my boyfriend's 3-hour trip. Nevermind that we weren't 20 minutes late (that's when their policy kicks in) until she started checking us in and called back to the doctor. This is ALSO the same office that years ago agreed to see my turtle (not an emergency or anything). When I got there, I quickly realized the vet had NO qualifications to do so -- she was basically a recreational turtle lover. She had as many qualifications as I did. She even wanted to clip my red-eared slider's nails -- not something you do. I paid for the visit and didn't say anything then, though I was upset, but now their offenses are really accumulating. Thanks for helping NOT helping me with my new rescue baby at all.Other relevant info, by the way: this is one of those giant machines of a vet clinic with tons of doctors. I much prefer a small vet clinic where they know me and my babies and actually CARE about my animals.
5	I had to go to Monroe Road Animal Medical Hospital on an emergency basis after my dog had an intense allergic reaction. I got in about 8pm on a Monday night and it was quiet. The staff was extremely accomodating and sweet; probably knowing that I was very stressed. After some time, I was taken to a room to be united with my pup. After getting the all clear, the vet took a good 20 minutes to chat with me, following a tech talking to me for another 10 minutes. I felt at home and I felt that the staff truly cares for the well-being of their fur-clients. The emergency price was very reasonable and I truly was so pleased with my experience, I will be transfering my pups care, regardless of the 30+ minute drive. I highly suggest for all circumstances, whether emergency care or general appointments.
4	Our dog was attacked by another dog and our usual vet was closed.  Thank God for places like this.  The staff was nice and the vet was extremely attentive to our dog and to us.  The vet and the staff took the time to update us on her status and walk us through what we needed to do for her recovery.  I love my vet, but I definitely recommend this place for emergencies or after hour visits.
4	Caring staff top to bottom.  I work with them as well (I'm a vendor), so I even know the admin staff and owners.
5	I have been taking my pets here for several years. Almost everything urgent related to pet ownership happens after hours (since that's when I'm with my pets the most), so I really like being able to go to the same practice for both routine medical care and after-hours care. Most recently, a growth on my 16-year-old dog's head started bleeding uncontrollably on a Friday night. Everyone at AMH was kind and considerate, and he was quickly cared for. Although they were able to stop the bleeding, Dr. Herron suggested removing the growth, and she was able to so that night. My dog came home the next day and is doing great. In addition to the top-notch medical care, their bathers do a wonderful job, and the front desk personnel are masterful at keeping things moving. It's an impressive facility.
5	It is really nice knowing there is a 24 hour place open to see my kitty Charlie in case it's an after hours emergency. Of course it is more expensive than your vet, but like I said, this is more after hour emergencies. Staff here is very nice and caring, which means a lot especially for your furry family member. I will add with some advise. They do a quote for you before they do any treatments. My original charge was going to be $300 range. Woah! I got is down by $150. Now every case is different but they will go over every charge. I asked for the cheapest. That my friends is they same with any animal clinic/hospital/or vet though.
5	Animal medical gives high quality care to our dogs Chester and bob. They are kind, knowledgable, and compassionate and have greAt follow up.
5	Dr. Sheahin is great as are all the rest of the staff members! The front desk ladies are very friendly and helpful. The vet techs are very good with my dog. It's very nice that they donate a free vet visit and $200 gift card to those who adopt a dog from the humane society. The prices are very reasonable and they never make you wait too long. I am glad that I found this place for my pet care and I hope to go to them for years to come
5	Awesome staff, awesome vets. My dog has had recurring conditions for a while now. Each time I bring her in, she is treated like family by the wonderful ppl at AMH. The price is on the higher end, but the service is well worth the price!
5	We could not be more thankful to Dr. Caltagarone and the staff of Animal Medical Hospital for their assistance with our dog Lila. We arrived in a panic immediately after an extremely traumatic event. The staff were quick to respond and demonstrated professionalism and genuine empathy throughout the experience. After our Lila passed away the staff provided us an opportunity to spend as much time with her as we would like. The following week we received a personalised card from Dr. Caltagarone and a card with Lila's paw print. It's a beautiful gesture that we will always remember. Thank you again.
1	I am so disappointed with this hospital. This was the second time I came here, and each time was a HUGE disappointment. I am never returning. EVER. The vet's name is Melissa Schupp.  First, I arrived around 2:35 on a Sunday afternoon. I called two hours ahead of time to schedule an appointment because I knew Sundays would be busy; this is because many other animal hospitals are not open on Sundays. My dog was suffering from unknown allergic reactions with skin rashes left and right. I had just adopted him, and his skin had recently become infected and rotten-smelling. I called ahead of time, gave my details , a $77 quote and they reserved a room for me. When I arrived  the room was already reserved and I was led straight in. I initially thought I was going to have a great experience because of the quick room preparation but BOY was I wrong. When I was led into the room that was "prepared," there was water all over the floor and the front desk lady hastily used paper towels to clean it up. I waited the standard 30 minutes in the smelly room until the nurse came into to check details, run temperature and give my dog a general physical. Then she left for AN HOUR. By this time it  was already 3:35, and my dog was whining from pain and discomfort in a closed off room. When the nurse returned and began to write down symptoms, my dog actually started peeing on floor. I didn't know what to do because I had no cleaning materials with me, so the nurse stepped into action and dropped a few paper towels on the ground. She didn't manage to soak up all the urine, so when she moved around, my dog was pushed into it and it ended all over my clothes when she asked for my to carry my dog onto the checkup table.To make things worse, she left again for another hour, and checked in after the 40 minute mark to tell me the veterinarian would be with me after 1 minute. Ten more minutes passed and no one came. My dog was whimpering more and more at this point. Finally at 4:30, the vet comes in, smiling and kind, and asking me for doggie symptoms. I ask her about fleas, but I swear, this place was so profit driven that the VET DID NOT EVEN CHECK MY DOG FOR FLEAS BEFORE GIVING ME A PRESCRIPTION ON MY FLEA MEDICATION. The mere mention of "I think my dog might have fleas but I don't know how to check for them" initiated a conditioned response "I'll prescribe flea medication" WITHOUT LOOKING AT THE DOG. I asked kindly to hint to her that my dog might not have fleas because the itchiness could be a symptom of allergies. She then shows me how to check for fleas, but doesn't find any as she shows me. She continued to write down a prescription for fleas on my bill without my knowing. Is this a professional business? How can they cheat people like this!As I continued to ask questions to make sure what my dog had, the nurse seemed to reply with more things to run up my medical bill. She gave my dog a unnecessary skin scrape for mites TWICE even though SHE SAID that it didn't seem like my dog had mites, she performed and charged me for the scrape all the same. Because I had never needed to have these operations performed, I did not know that it was an extra $30 to have skin scraped. She went to look at the scrapes under the microscope, and returned another hour later. By this time, it was 5:30 and my patience was running low. For three hours, I sat in a stuffy room, covered in urine and staring at my miserable dog scratching his skin to bloody scabby bits as the doctors and nurses neglected the both of us. Honestly, I was so frustrated, I didn't even know what to do.  I had never experienced such a horrible medical visit. Around 5:35 when she returned, she apologized for being gone for an hour, and she said she had to look over a pet with a "real emergency." I'm not here to disqualify her statement, because I understand that this is a real animal hospital and that other people may have pets who are dying. But I also understand that this is a FOR-PROFIT animal hospital, and if they don't even have enough vets to go around that I have to wait three hours for something that takes less than 50 minutes, I truly will never EVER recommend this place or ever set foot near this place again. After she came back, she confirmed my dog had no mites, and gave me a pet "cone of shame" that I had asked for earlier. She told me it was $15 cone, and gave me flea medication and antibiotics for the infection. She hardly looked at my pet. The only part of the visit that was clear to my mind was that she kept saying "ow" when my dog nibbled at her fingers.I excitedly hurried out and paid my bill. EXCEPT IT WAS $207. I let the vet CUT MY DOG for $32, the flimsy cone was $30 in addition to the $29 un-needed flea meds. I cried.I think my only mistake was coming to this hospital. Be wary of coming here as the more questions you ask to get a better idea of your dog's condition, the more services and products they try to shove down your throat to earn revenue.
5	Dr. Gray is amazing! I bought a female yorkie puppy and found out that when I picked her up from the breeder that she already had ring worm. Dr. Gray was able to help us during this process, help our little girl and also treat our 2 year old yorkie boy as well- after her got it from her. She was very sweet to both our our dogs and extremely responsive when we needed more antibiotic spray and special shampoo to help the spreading. Needless to say she is the best vet we have had and I'm glad that when we moved her from WI we had made the right choice when choosing her.   ***** Animal Medical Hospital also has a great puppy plan which helps making all the shots and health visits affordable. And to top that, Dr. Gray told us they price match, so we have been able to save about $50 so far in the last two visits by comparing prices online while waiting.  :)
1	Should be ashamed to call themselves a veterinary practice. I'd rather let my animal die than go back.
1	In the recent incident my dog is suffering from a heart condition and this place thought it was more important to jam in the same procedure twice instead of treating my dog. After an hour and a half of sitting there, my dog still has trouble breathing but animal medical hospital has their $300. The most important thing to them.  I have been taking my two dogs here for a few months and they are the kings of double charge. They love to give the same exam multiple times and nail you for a $300 fee each time around. This fee is in addition to the hours of waiting that you do there. Would only recommend if you like to pay double for each thing wrong with your dog.
