5	When J and I got engaged, I decided I wanted to shop around for the best value for our buck. I wanted to interview at least 3 vendors in each category we were needing. Lori with Elegant Cake Creations was the 2nd wedding cake baker we interviewed. From start (the first phone call) to finish, Lori was a delight to work with. We felt terrible because we had to leave the tasting for another appointment scheduled. We honestly felt like we could have sat there with her discussing ideas for another hour and a half. Her prices are VERY VERY reasonable. We went with 1 six inch round cake and 150 cupcakes - 3 different flavors, fillings, and frostings. Pumpkin Spice with Cream Cheese Frosting. Vanilla with a Mixed Berry Filling (the fillings are strained to remove seeds). And Double Chocolate with an Orange Grand Mariner filling and a Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting. Unfortunately, the only bite of cupcake J and I had was the piece of the one we shoved in each others face. LOL But the taste I had was awesome! All of the cupcakes were GONE by the time we left the reception. I also surprised J with a custom made grooms cake (plus a sugar shoe), which was apparently too awesome looking to cut into the night of the wedding. From what I hear though, the flavor combination I went with (a mock of a pineapple upside down cake) was a hit with a local church group. All the custom work I can think of Lori did:- Cupcake wrappers made from heavy duty damask wrapping paper I found- Cupcake tower, all glass- Grooms Cake - sugar shoe- All sugar flower accents are handmade....I'm sure there's more that Im just forgetting!Lori is an ARTIST!  If I'm ever in need of any type of custom cake, I'm definitely going to contact Lori again!!
5	I am extremely pleased with the service and the product that this company provides. From day one Lori, the owner, helped us get exactly what we were looking for on our wedding day, and for a very reasonable price! When it came time for the wedding, the delivered cake was even more beautiful than promised, and most importantly, it was delicious. We got so many complements on the cake. I would definitely recommend her services for any occasion.
5	We hired Lori from Elegant Cake Creations for my sister's wedding, which took place this past weekend. We were so impressed with everything Lori did for us! She was professional, talented, easy to work with, prompt, and the best part - the fondant and cake were both delicious! I was so happy to find a cake company that offered delicious fondant. The gum paste flowers that she created were gorgeous, true works of art that we will save forever. She was very reasonable, and the whole process with working with her was a dream. I loved this part of the wedding planning for my sister, it was the most fun, and we knew we didn't have to worry about a thing. We had a cake-tasting meeting with her, and had a blast! She brought samples of her gum paste flowers, which looked real, or silk. She has people from around the valley that come to her, to teach them on how to make sugar flowers. She's a true leader in the cake industry here in AZ. I've already referred friends to her, and we'll definitely use her again. Can't say enough good things about her!
