5	ABC Lock & Key came through for me when I needed them the most. I left work to try and start my car and the ignition key cylinder wouldn't even turn. And if it won't turn and my car won't start that left me waiting 2 hours for a ride or using my Lambor-feeties and hoofing it way out South in Henderson. Not good options. I remembered driving by ABC on Sunset so I looked them up on my phone and called. Response time: They promised 45 min, they were there in 30. (They had a previous call or it would have been even quicker!)Service: They had the parts I needed in the van. They were even able to cut a new key for me on the spot. I had questions, they answered them. And they took care to not scratch or damage my car. It's the little things...They had my old key cylinder out, the new one installed, and checked in less than 30 min. Results: Exceeded expectations. The lock cylinder they installed was unfortunately put to the test when someone tried to break into my car in the apartment complex I live in. They took an old PO mailbox key and jammed it into the cylinder and tried to force the cylinder to start the car. They broke the key...and couldn't take my car. After removing the broken key my regular key still works, the cylinder turns just as smoothly as ever, but the ABC installed replacement kept some punk from stealing my car. Even the Henderson PD officer who took my report was impressed as the OEM cylinder would have made for a stolen car report instead of a break in report. 5 Stars....not only that but I wouldn't hesitate to use them again.
5	My front door stopped working.  I could go out, but not come back in.  ABC came out, checked out the mechanism and explained how it basically was broken and needed to be replaced.  They had a big catalog of options.  Their friendly service provider Ryan helped me pick out a good match.  He came back today to install the new front door handle, locks, etc.  Pretty painless.  Thanks for your help guys.
5	We recently moved to our new home in Las Vegas and called ABC Locksmith to change our locks. Ryan showed up promptly and changed the locks right there and then. Very professional company. I highly recommend their services.
5	I called ABC Locksmiths to change my locks cause I lost my keys. They were very prompt and professional. Great work Nick!!
1	This place needs to be put out of business! This place will rip you off! They came out to change out my ignition and it worked for the two times I drove my car then the key got stuck. Called them back to fix it and they tried to charge me another 125 dollars to get my key out of the ignition they installed. Horrible service you will be waiting around for a while if you need a tow also. Wouldn't recommend them to anyone unless you want to get ripped off.
5	Pete is awesome! He's very punctual and does a great job! He replaced all my locks at my new home with no problem at all and has the best price out there... Thanks Pete!
4	I called ABC Locksmith to have my doors re-keyed. They did an excellent job and they were in and out within 30 minutes! Defintely fast and  friendly service! Thanks
5	Honestly, this pace is a key shop. Nothing sexy about it, but I wanted to give these guys some major Yelp props. I came here to get a few keys made for my apartment, mailbox, and pool and I was literally out the door in ten minutes. No messing around, just straight to business. Which is fine by me because I don't know about you, but I don't really want spend my spare time hanging in a key shop.
3	Have been meaning to leave a review for awhile now. Ok going into this I had zero knowledge about locks so I contacted ABC Locksmith, thinking they were trustworthy and honest, to replace my front door lock. Long story short, they wanted to charge me $500 to replace it. Got them down to $300 but I still think thats a a lot, seeing how home depot sells the lock they used for $50 . Please don't use them! They over-charge and take advantage of their customers. The only reason I am giving them 3 stars is because the woman setting up the appointments and the second guy who came out to do the actual installation were professional and friendly.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. We got our locks changed for one of our shops today. And Russell is who came for the call. Very unprofessional and cold. Acted as tho we inconvenienced him by scheduling services with this company.  Needless to say I will not be using this company again. And Russell needs customer service training. 189$ to change a lock, and be treated like nobody? NO THANK YOU!
5	Lost the key to my wood filling cabinet in my house. How dumb is that?  Called abc Locksmith . I removed the cabinet lock called ABC who said they could provide a new key. Drove over to them about 3 miles away and and instantly impressed with the operation.  In 2 minutes they made 2 new keys. Total charge $15.00 they really saved my day. I would recommend them for aspects of lock and key problems.
2	Bought a new home and needed to change out some locks and had some locked rekeyed.  The issue though, was that I was not in the state, but still needed the work done.  My realtor setup an appointment with these people, and I was in a bind because I needed the work done.  If doing so again, I don't think I would call these people.The service was quick, and the installation decent... But the prices were RIDICULOUS!  First of all, they charged $89 for a service call just to show up!  It wasn't even an emergency call either.  This seems to be a pure and simply gravy charge.  They charged another $75ea to install two locks that I supplied (easy).  Key duplicates (6 total) ran me about $20 each (this only costs a few buck at Home Depot or Lowes).  Installation of 3 dead bolt locks... Another $75ea, (though in all fairness these were supplied by ABC).  In total by entire bill was about $600.  The kicker?  He only spent 44 minutes doing all the work.  So, probably about $100 in vendor supplied material, $500 in labor for 44 minutes of work.  For a locksmith, this is VERY expensive and quite extreme for most trades.  I think I made his day/week.  I have used other professional locksmiths in the past and this probably would have cost me less than half what ABC Locksmith charges.  Needless to say I don't think I will use them again, simply because of the prices.
