4	Being a Lake Las Vegas resident sometimes you just want to get away from the touristy atmosphere, so my go to place is upstairs in Palio Bar and sports book in Casino MonteLago. The sports book and kitchen just opened September 1st, so I have only had a couple things on the menu where pizza is the main ingredient. I have to say the pizza is very good and is cooked by a born and raised New Yorker; New York Yankee hat included, but don't hold that against him. He offers a pretty good selection of pizzas, including his namesake "The Joey" (Pizza Bianca), which I have to say is very good. Other menu options include Calzone, buffalo wings, chicken fingers, St. Louis style pizza, and Hot dogs. You can buy cheese pizza by the slice for 99 cents or the whole pizza for $8.Note: Kitchen is only open when NFL football is airing (Thurs - Sun), while the sports book is open 24 hours.As far as the sports book goes, it is open 24 hours a day and about 30 LCD monitors were added that display odds for all sporting events.I would like to see them put in a bigger main screen for major sporting events like UFC fights, football playoffs, etc.
5	LOVE this place!!!! Chris  is the best bartender, or you might stop in when it's Nick or Gerry they are all great. But the Pizza Joey cranks out it the best I've has in Vegas by the slice. Spending a good portion of my life in Brooklyn, that is saying a LOT! My go to place for a pint & a slice : )
4	If the main casino isn't quiet enough for you (though that's unlikey!), head upstairs to this sports bar. There is gaming at the bar and a nice selection of draft beer. There are also tables for easy viewing of the many TVs. You must try the $1 cheese pizza slices, which are only available when the kitchen is open (weekends only unless during game season I think). The pizza is great!
4	Holy Cow, Man!  All I can say is $9.99 for a pitcher of beer and 20 wings or $9.99 for a pitcher of beer and a large cheese pizza during Football games.  Probably the sweetest deal in the world!  Even sweeter because the wings and pizza were actually very good!My buddy and I dropped in here after running a half marathon.  We needed beer and sustinence after burning so many calories.  We saw the specials on the menu but couldn't find the barkeep.  After a few moments of searching she appeared and then provided us with great service for the rest of our stay.  The wings were very large and came with a couple sides of Ranch.  The were crispy and had the perfect amount of sauce to meat ratio.  The cheese pizza was pretty great and had a nice crispy crust.  For the price to quality I would say this is one of the best pizzas I've ever had.  There was only one guy in this place watching a game but this seemed to be a great spot to watch sports.  They have a lot of TV's with all the games on.  A very long bar and a number of high tables with lots of seating.  I know a lot of other bars get packed and that's great if that's what you're into.  But, if you're looking for a more relaxed atmosphere, great food, and great deals it is definitely worth the short drive out to Lake Las Vegas!
