5	I'm extremely happy with this service. I was able to obtain an appointment quickly (within the next day), and even though the cleaners were slightly late, they made sure to call ahead of time and inform me of the delay. The cleaning itself was thorough and non-intrusive. Joe and Liz made sure to check with me before they moved anything, and were generally very considerate. I would highly recommend this service for anyone looking for a regular cleaning arrangement or even just a one-time cleaning service.
5	They did a wonderful job cleaning my home today. They came on time and brought all their own cleaning stuff.  The bathrooms and kitchen were cleaned especially well.  My place hasn't looked this good in a long time.They were also great with my dog and made the whole process simple and easy. I would definitely recommend their services to anyone.
5	I booked my cleaning online using their website and it was super easy.  I received a confirmation later that day.  They showed up on time and got right to work.  My place looked great and I even tipped them on the way out.  I would definitely recommend.
5	I loved their services. It was easy to schedule my appointment online and they called me back later that day to confirm it.  They showed up on time which I've had issues with other cleaning companies. They were respectful of my home and puppy and they did extra work and were happy and funny. I would definitely recommend  Best Maid AZ.
1	I purchased a Groupon for 2 hours of cleaning with 2 maids, but Best Maids Phoenix has never returned my calls or replied to the form that I filled out on their website requesting maid service.. Finally, I reached someone named Jose by email and he said he had two openings on the 7th of January (I have been trying since before Christmas to get my service). Today is the 7th and they have not shown up. The phone number listed for them on the web is not their phone number.  Does anyone know how to contact Groupon for a refund? I can't seem to find contact information for them either.
