3	The home of Hibernian Football Club, Easter Road stands proudly in the Leith area. The stadium is one of the most modern in Scotland and is currently undergoing a renovation to increase its all seated capacity to over twenty thousand.The old East Stand has been knocked down and is getting rebuilt, however, there have been many fans sceptical about this. They think they will lose the atmosphere of the place, and I have to say that whenever I have been to Easter Road I have always sat in the East Stand and the atmosphere has always been great! However, hopefully the fans will re create the buzz when the new East Stand is finished.Prices are cheaper than other stadiums in Scotland with discounts available for young people, students and families. The dodgy half time food is also quite good with the Scotch pies being a good filler for half time!With great transport links to the stadium it is very easy to get yourself to that part of Leith to see Hibernian play!
5	My favourite Scottish team is Hibs, and I come here with my friend to a few games a season, and I really love the stadium. Although not the biggest ground, with a capacity of 17,500, it does have a lot character and allows for a good atmosphere when the game gets underway. The Edinburgh derby between Hibs and Hearts especially gets the hairs on your neck stand up as you can feel the importance of the game to everyone watching- with bragging rights awaiting for the victors.Prices are reasonable, but will be more expensive against the big teams of Celtic, Rangers and Hearts. But if you are a student, you can get in for much cheaper than normal adult prices and if you are just wanting to watch a good competitive game of football, it is worth waiting for Hibs to host a Scottish Cup game, where students prices for this fixture would be very affordable.
5	Just like the home of their rivals at the other end of the city, I have fantastic memories of Easter Road, including two of the best football matches I ever saw live. Off the pitch, I always found the atmosphere to have that fantastic mix of tension, hatred and expectancy that makes football so special, but bear in mind, Hibs fans do really hate Rangers and it's not quite the same if you're watching them take on the intimidating force of St Johnstone.They also hate Celtic and Hearts (most of all), so if you support either of those two you'll still be in for a treat. The stadium is in quite an edgy part of town, and on approach it can feel like you're entering the set of a tiresome Danny Dyer film where he "runs" with a few "geezers". I might risk a bot of wrath here, but I've always got the impression that Hibs fans are a bit more mental than their Tynecastle counterparts, they've certainly got a few more shaven-headed fans. Sometimes however, to really appreciate football you have to take the rough with the smooth, and if that means running away from a gang of baseball-bat wielding hoolies, then so be it.They're currently rebuilding one of the stands and the ground did look horrific toward the end of last season. I think all the building work has finished but check before you go to make sure you get the full experience.
