5	I've never been to an ENT before, but...as far as doctor visits go -- I had a great experience here today. My new doctor had recommended that I see an ENT - - severe nasal issues caused by my allegies. The Dr's asst recommended that I call Dr. Baldree among the list of all the other recommended ENT's. Dr Baldree's listing had a website, when others did not... so of course I checked out their website. On the website they state that they're the "Official ENT Dr for the AZ Diamondbacks". I figure they must be good for me too. :)First of all, the receptionist Dee... was a delight to chat with when booking my appt. Very friendly and professional.... she guided me to where I could print out some forms online, to save time during my visit. And then... I was even lucky enough to get a next day appt. Sweet!When i arrived, Dee was just as pleasant in person as she was on the phone. :) And also Dr. Baldree was great - - super compassionate and caring. The office was very nice and comfortable decor. The doctor gave me a couple nasal spray samples... and thankfully the tools he used didn't make my nose tickle as much as the regular doctors. ha!If you're looking for an ENT physician, I would highly, highly recommend Dr. Baldree.
5	Beyond great experience with this office.  My son had a growth on the inside of his cheek.  The office staff was professional, kind & courteous.  We had it looked at in the spring but waited until June to remove it, due to school being in session.  The Staff worked with me so we did not have to have a repeat office visit copay of $50.  Dr Baldree was patient, gentle  kind to my 10 year old son.  He called us in a timely manner himself to let us know the biopsy came in negative.  Our son healed quickly, with hardly any pain. Love this office & Dr. Baldree!!!!!
5	great office and staff. Was seen ontime and love dr Baldree. I was able to get my son in right away for a bad ear infection. Dr Baldree was extremely patient with my son as he was in a lot of pain. I was told by a friend that he was great with children and I couldn't agree more!
