1	I'm so incredibly disappointed by Count's. My boyfriend and I were excited to attend the Star Trek convention at the Rio last weekend. Last year, Count's offered up a discount to Trekkies and I talked this up so much that we were planning on getting something done (even with inflated Vegas prices.) We stopped in on Wed and were told that they would have some small flash pieces available at various prices, and to come back the next day. Went in Thurs morning and they weren't ready, said to come back that evening. That evening they still weren't ready and asked us to come back the next day. The next day the artists hadn't created any flash and we were told they wouldn't have anything for us. "Sorry." Even if they do offer a discount next year, I wouldn't go back. One of the artists showed us some impressive work, but there's no reason to pay inflated Vegas prices for something your home artists can do for a third of the price.
5	I honestly don't know where to start with this review.  My girlfriends and I arrived Tuesday morning to set up an appointment and spoke to one of the workers there (both of the guys were hilarious and cute! HA!) giving him our ideas for what we wanted which was very vague.  He worked with Noel and set up an appointment for 8:30 that evening and we were so excited.  They charge a minimum of $100.00 for all of their work which is similar to almost all Vegas tattoo shops. This place was super clean, amazingly run and provided us with the best tattoo experience we've had to date.  We were there for my friend's 30th birthday and Noel went out of her way to sign a poster for her which was a super nice touch.  The design she came up with was perfect, and we all got matching tats. Watching them take down and set up the station for each person was amazing.  The attention to cleanliness was not taken advantage of at this location and time was spent to ensure that everything was sterile and clean.  That made me feel much better about choosing this location for our tattoo.  I am sorry to see the negative review simply because group designs weren't ready.  This should not speak for the quality of tattoos, amazing customer service, and clean shop that Counts is known to provide.  They are an EXTREMELY busy shop and therefore it is understandable if artists couldn't come up with designs for a convention. I have Noel's number and will certainly be in touch.  I'd love for her to do my future tattoos and will be sure to follow up with her to see when she's in Anaheim.  If not, I would GLADLY make the 4 hour drive and stay at the Rio to get a tattoo from this amazing shop!
4	I got my very FIRST Tattoo done here last week and it was an amazing time. I went in close to closing time and by myself as I was tired of waiting on all my friends. They guys were SO nice and didn't intimidate me or make me feel stupid. I showed them what i wanted and they drew it up to match 100%! Mike was my artists name and he made me feel very comfortable and made the experience one I will never forget. If I ever go back to vegas i will get a tattoo with them. It was a bit pricy for the small tattoo i got, but....Hey I got my first tattoo in VEGAS BABY!
5	While I was in Vegas in October, I decided to get a tattoo. I went to Counts Tattoo Company. I couldn't have a better experience. I called for an appointment and they were able to take me right away. My main concern was cleanliness. The tattoos are done with a half wall seperating you from the waiting room. I was happy b/c I was able to watch them set up for me. Everything was packaged and opened in front of me.   I paid $200 which was reasonable b/c I really wanted a talented artist and sanitary place and I got both. I would recommend Billy (my artist) to anyone and if I decide to get another one I trust him.
5	Seriously one of the greatest experiences there. My hat is off to tattoo artist , Andrey Bladimir. Humble , funny and talented guy. I've been wanting a tattoo with a personal story to it that means the world to me when I explained him my vision and love for it he had this confidence and said he knew what I wanted. So I was like you better haha but it was better than what I wanted in all honesty the sick detail on my 1953 Chevy Bel  Air tattoo  is ridiculous looks like its shining and sticking out. Even the crew from counting cars randomly came in to check on their store and the guys are just really cool and chill. I am forever grateful everyone gave great quality customer service and made sure I was ok at all times. Made new friends also. Seriously world class team of tattoo artist and mad talented piercer Pablo. I've been to plenty of places and have had some tattoos done never have I felt more comfortable. Thanks Andrey keep on rockin.
5	My wife and I spent all day there.  It is not time wasted.  The staff is incredible.  Use your brain and think about what you want and make an appointment.  If your drunk ass shows up and wants a "Juicy" tramp stamp, they will advise you against it.  Our artist Travis was top shelf.  Best person I have ever had to do work on me.  True art costs time and money, do it right, plan and go to Counts.
5	This place is awesome!!! Chill vibe and amazing artists!! I get mine done friom Andrey and let me tell you, he is freaking amazing!! I will follow him wherever! (In a non stalker way of course) he had a light hand and man can he draw!! There is no concept he can't draw and perfect it! He takes his time to make sure the tattoo is perfect and exactly what you wanted!! I highly recommend counts tattoo and especially Andrey!!
5	I am a 61 year old Grandma who just got my first tattoo. I have been a huge fan of Counting Cars and when I discovered Danny had a tattoo shop I decided that was where I wanted to get my first tattoo. I called and spoke to the manager Shane, who was very kind and patient with me, and I described what I wanted and he was very helpful. When I arrived at the shop (I will admit a big nervous as I didn't know really what to expect being my first time) everyone was so kind and helpful. My artist was as if he was one of my Grandkids and was very respectful, and he expanded my idea into a tattoo that I truly love. He was Neri and wonderful and I plan on seeing him again! I have to mention the manager Shane was so very helpful and just plain wonderful, Danny Koker should be very proud of his shop as everyone there made my first experience a dream come true for this Grandma of 9!! Thank you Danny, because of you, your manager Shane, and artist Neri I am very very happy with my first tattoo!!!! My only disappointment was that I didn't get to meet Danny, maybe next timeI strongly recommend Counts Tattoo at The Rio, I know they all made my first experience wonderful!
5	I went back to Counts Tattoo fir my second tattoo and it was as good if not better than my first experience last summer. Shane, the manager is absolutely wonderful and runs the best tattoo shop. Neri was my artist and, as my previous tattoo, took my idea and made it as wonderful as the first one he did for me. Every artist in the shop, including Shane, Travis, Justin and of course Neri and his brother, all gave me such wonderful concern and interest in my tattoo. Danny should be so very proud of his staff as they are the best and because of his staff make Counts Tattoo one of the happiest experiences in my life, and, my daughter and son in law also got tattoos from Justin and they are thrilled with their results. I recommend anyone wanting the most wonderful tattoo that they will be so happy with, to go to Counts Tattoo, I know personally that they will be as happy as I am with the results of their experience there. Thank you Shane, and thank you Danny for having Shane as your manager and for your artists, you are all wonderful and II look forward to my next tattoo!!
5	My son had an appointment with Justin on March 29th. From the moment we walked in, we were more than welcomed. Everyone was extremely friendly. Shane was amazing & Justin did an incredible job on Justins tattoo. They left an impression that I will not go any where else to have work done...Get ready for me Paul on May 3rd.
5	Now it is my turn to write a review! I had my appointment with Paul! He did the most amazing tattoo in memory of my brother, Darryl. I had to incorporate my favorite thing as well Hello Kitty. His imagination & expertise to it to another realm & exceeded beyond my wildest imagination. Well worth a months rent, lol. Thank you to every one there for being so incredible & wonderful! I LOVE this place!
5	I would recommend this place to anybody looking for a great tattoo. Andrey and Neri were my tattoo artists and they were fantastic. It had been 11 years since my last tattoo and I was nervous, but they made me feel so comfortable. Shane, the shop manager was there that day too and he was just as wonderful. He was very friendly, and would come by to check and see how things were going. Thank you guys for giving me such a great experience!
5	I was on vacation and wanted to get a simple tattoo to represent my kids. The staff behind the desk were super friendly. The shop manager told me he had the right guy to do the work I wanted and he was right. Paul put together the perfect design and I love the end result. A clean shop, great staff and talented tattoo artists makes for a happy me.
5	First off, I know nothing about tattoos and don't have any so I don't know about pricing.  On our first trip to Vegas, for our 20th wedding anniversary, my wife saw Count's Tattoo Company at the Rio and decided she wanted a commemorative tattoo because she likes Danny's show.  Everyone was very nice and helpful and Neri made her very comfortable while actually doing the tattoo (her first).  All in all a good experience for tattoo novices.  Thanks!
