4	Creamy, luscious, divine...just some of the words that barely describe the wonderfulness that is Ritter's frozen custard. Short of having real Italian gelato (never been to Italy yet, so I can't even begin to compare the schtuff we have here), this frozen custard beats everything this side of town.Mix-ins, schmixins.  The custard's yummy with or without.  It's more flavorful than teeth loosening sweet and they have over 65 to choose from...although they rotate around about 6 of them per day.It sure makes the moody blues go bye-bye with each spoonful.  Okay, I'm being a little over-dramatic.  But it really is good!Price is right, service is great, and it would take a long time before you became bored with the flavors.  You could literally go every day and try something new.  Bad for hips, good for the little kid in all of us.
5	Oh. My. God. I've had a LOT of ice-cream and a decent whack of gelato and frozen custard in my time, but this place is the bickety mc-freakin'-BOMB. Their custard is like crack cocaine and I told the owner (no idea what his name is, but my wife and I refer to him as "John Ritter") that when I was in there not too long ago. Right after I said "Hey, long time no see!" to him since I'd been in the day before as well.Anyway, they've got a lot of flavours here but I typically stick to old faithful. I've never ever had a better vanilla malt. Hands down this place is the ultimate dessert - if you eat ANYWHERE on Bell Road west of Grand - Red Lobster, Chilis, El Paso, wherever - don't get dessert - save room, drive to Ritters and eat some of their custard instead.Plus, kudos to the chickie behind the counter for making the closest guess to date of where my accent originates from. She guessed New Zealand, a damn sight closer than the "Britain" that everyone else guesses. But I digress. First-timers, all I can say is do NOT consume anything at Ritters or you WILL become addicted.
3	With the new and upcoming options in the far west valley this is one of the best ones to hit Surprise. The service is friendly.. the custard is smooth and delicious.. they also have a no sugar added flavor as well. The only problema were the toppings.. they are so sickening sweet I ended up throwing out the rest of the sundae. Believe me, I hate throwing food away but I just couldn't stomach the caramel and chocolate sauce. The first few bites were alright but after that I started to feel sick. Maybe my tummy is just weak for such goodness?
2	Me and my bff went again.. this time I got the shake (I think they are called Glaciers).. regular custard with cookies and caramel.. after about 4 bites I couldn't eat anymore, its just to sweet. My bff got a peanut butter shake and had the same experience as mine. Just after a few bites your stomach starts to hurt from to much sugar. I just think its weird that both times we go we have the same experience. We just must be sugar intolerant?I want to love this place so much.. they are so fast and friendly in there and the bites taste good.. maybe Ill see if they make an extra small.
4	This Wisconsin dude approves of this custard. Don't ruin it with all that topping junk!  My favorites are vanilla, chocolate and malt.  And again, seriously dudes, you need accessories for your ice cream? You can do that to the crap some chums roll on a stone.
5	It's a damn sad day in Surprise when a place like this closes. Really liked the owner dude and the frozen custard was the best I've tasted. Culvers isn't anywhere near the quality of what Ritters provided. Damn it.
