1	This place is a disaster. I made an appointment online for 5:30PM. When I got there they refused me service, asserting they close at 6:00PM. Nevermind that online published hours are from 7AM to 7PM. Furthermore, their own system sent me a confirmation email for my 5:30PM appointment. Finally, this building is an absolute dump... Goodyear should be ashamed to have the brand attached to it.
4	Very easy place to get my tires replaced.  I pulled in, they took a few pieces of information and I just had to wait.  While I was to wait I made sure it was OK for me to walk to nearby businesses to pick up a few items I needed.  They took my phone number and told me they would call when my car was finished.While I was out at nearby stores my phone rang less than a hour later and was told I could come and pick up my car.  Walked in, paid and away I went.Why couldn't I give this place a five star rating.  Two reasons.  1.  I ordered my tires and was expecting to receive a call on a Friday to stop in and have the tires put on my car, they did not call me at all and I called the following Monday to find out my tires were there for the past few days and no one made the effort to call me.  2. When I left, I could not comprehend why the air pressure wasn't regulated to my new tires.  How hard was it to make sure that my psi was set to 32?  One tire was at 38 and the other at 35.  I promptly needed to visit a gas station to remedy the situation.
1	Tire replacement, was told it would take about 1.5 hours (when I had an existing appointment). It's almost been 2.5 hours and I'm still waiting. Ridiculous.
1	I experienced three main issues with this Goodyear location while purchasing/installing a new set of tires:-They did not have my name or appointment in their system when I showed up. Fortunately, they still honored my appointment. -They did not install tires correctly. Left for a business trip the following day, and once I got on the highway and my speed passed 65 mph, the car began to rattle (with my new "comfort tread" tires). Booked an appointment, and they fixed the issue.-Two months later, I went to my Toyota dealership for routine maintenace. The dealer mechanic found that the lugnuts on the tires had been over torqued by Goodyear. So the Toyota mechanic had to saw them off of each tire and replace them with non-security locked nuts. (If I had a flat on the side of the road, I would have been SOL).All of these issues were entirely preventable. The lack of expertise and techincal skill at this Goodyear location is abysmal. I do not recommend.
1	I was just there this morning for a 10am appointment to get my summer tires swapped out for my winter tires.  My regular mechanic was overbooked and there is snow coming on Monday.  Receptionist scheduled me in just fine and the quoted price was reasonable, so I said OK.  Upon arrival, store manager stated that they will not touch the car as it has aftermarket rims and lug nuts.  He did not state any restrictions about aftermarket parts as they could not guarantee the work.  I asked if this was the case for all rims and he became a little snotty.  I had heart surgery a while back and I can't do the jack and tire work as not to tear at my incision/breastplate, if this was not the case with my health, I'd certainly take care of it.  Aftermarket rims are common - should not be an issue.  Last time I ever set foot in that place.
