1	I thought Wasabi Jane's is just another fast food stand located in the Food Court within the Venetian Casino and Resort, it just doesn't quite measure up to the rest of the stands. Having two kids in tow, the family doesn't have the luxury to sit through fine dining or extended meals. This was one of the food stands we stopped at for dinner. The ordering process was fine, and we asked for one cup of ice water, and they proceeded to charge us 10 cents for the ice water. When inquired what the charge was, they replied "plastic cup". For the life of me, I could not locate that "cup charge" on their menu anywhere, and that is either false advertising or some type of bad business practice which I will later on report to BBB. Their udon noodle was just ok, nothing too outstanding, but that charge left a sour taste in our mouths. Oh, and just for your reference, walk 10 steps to the Panda Express in the same food court, and you can get ice waters (yes, plural), extra plates, extra napkins, fortune cookies, and utensils, all for FREE!Never going back to Wasabi Jane's. Another thing, they spell their name as "Wassabi Jane's" on their receipt. Anyone who cannot spell their own names properly really should not be operating any business.
2	Lunch at work today brought me to Wasabi Jane's in the Venetian's food court. Normally I would just go to Walgreens but I was craving some Asian food and on a 30 minute break from work the food court was my only option. I usually just swing by Panda Express even though I'm not much of a fan because its quick and generally reliable. Today however I made the dramatic change of 50 ft across the food court (mainly b/c when I went to Panda they looked like they just got smashed with a lunch rush and the choices were limited) to Wasabi Janes. It is a $1 and change more ($7.99) for a 2item combo with 1 side than PE. So I figured what the heck I'll try it... looked pretty good. 1) food selection was decent with a few different items from PE but I don't think as many selections.2) the lady behind the counter asked me "is that all?" after I had already told her I wanted the combo and all that was on my plate was rice. I didn't laugh at her though. **pats self on back**3) the food was not as fresh or hot as i would have liked for it to be4) the food did taste good though and the portion was a bit larger than my normal portions from PENormally I would go back and ask for something different or for them to heat it up but I just didn't have time today. Overall, not a terrible experience but not the best either. Probably right on par with PE in my book. May give them another try sometime when I'm craving Chinese again at work. I will make sure to sample what I'm getting first though to see if its hot.
3	Very good hangover food. The beef noodle soup, at $8.99, is a bargain compared to all the other overpriced crap in vegas.  I've had this bowl of soup on three separate occasions. Tasty each and every time although the portions seemed to vary up to 20%.  The rest of the bin food looked rather mediocre though. If you are going to do the 1side 2 item combos, probably better to look to panda express across the way.
5	This place is located above the Venetian casino in the Grand Canal food court.  During my stay at the Venetian, I ate here once.  This place is almost identical to Panda Express in relation to what they offer.  However, one difference is that they offer freshly prepared udon soups.  I ordered the two item combo for $7.99.  I got half fried rice, half chow mein, chicken teriyaki, and sesame chicken.  The chow mein was really good, with not too much stuff in it.  It was simply noodles.  I regretted that I did not get all chow mein!  The chicken teriyaki was full of flavor-- but they gave me too much sauce. :(  The sesame chicken was great too-- very moist and tasty.  I will give this place a whirl again for a quick bite if I am ever in this food court!  Otherwise find me at the buffets :)
2	Considering we are in vegas, this is cheap food for a moderate price.  Maybe I should have gone to the Panda across the way, at least then I'd get something I expect.   The teriyaki beef was dry and towards the crunchy side.  The rice seemed like it was steamed and all the moisture was taken out.
5	I'm a Chinese girl. I love the beef noodle soup there! Compare with noodle house at  Venetian casino, wasabi Jane's noodle soup taste very good! And also the price is pretty good for guests! I saw there are Chinese travelers going to this place all the time, their common review said beef noodle soup taste best and fresh! Btw, someone complain the water they charge 10 cents, in my way, I'm very understanding!!! Cuz the price of everything going up now in the world, everywhere charge more for water, no more free! If u can afford to $2 bottle of water on the strip,why did u complain they charge u 10 cents for water also can free refill ,right? We come the restaurant for eating the good food! If u mind the 10 cents water, my suggestion is that u can bring ur own water come  to restaurant  for eating!!!
3	This place was surprisingly good, considering it's at a food court. After a long night of partying, I really wanted some hangover food.... and I found it! At first glance, I thought this place was your typical fast-food chinese place, but when I looked at the menu, I saw that they serve udon - yumm! I ordered the tempura udon and my boyfriend had the seafood soup. The broth was super hot and reallyyyy soothing. It didn't have a ton of flavor but I didn't really mind - I just wanted something hot. The noodles seemed pretty fresh and were also really good. The udon came with 3 tempura shrimps. It was a bit heavy on the batter but it was alright when I soaked it in the soup first. For $8, it wasn't a bad meal.I think I read on someone else's review that they charge $0.10 for water? The lady that helped us was really nice and gave us 2 cups of it for free.
4	Wasabi Jane's is a nice alternative to traditional Vegas food.  You would think that since this is in a food court that it couldn't be good.  I beg to differ.  During the convention season, WJ's is good break from your regular catered hotel food, but also from the more expensive establishments around the Venetian.I know it seems odd to have Wasabi Jane's in the same food court as another chain fast food Chinese restaurant.  Wasabi Jane's has something that the other place doesn't offer - the large bowl of noodle soup.  I have ordered both the beef noodle and seafood udon soup a couple times. Each time they were excellent.  I would take the seafood noodle over the beef.  They both have good flavor, decent portion, and one important ingredient... vegetables.  When on business, it's sometimes difficult to get a good serving of veggies.  The seafood udon makes up for that.  I was also pleasantly surprised that the seafood udon included calamari, shrimp, fish cake and some small scallops.  So, it is a very good mix.So the trick here, skip the pre-made items on display.  They make the soup fresh in the back, right when you order it.
3	So, you have been walking the strip for hours and you finally took in the sites of the Venetian. What do you do now at the 5 star hotel but you don't have 5 star cash? Get a new job player! Just kidding. Hit the food court. My first choice would is the Deli for sure, but if the casino slots have left you with a few dollars short try Wasabi Jane's Rice & Noodle Works. Food court options are limited and I always almost barf in my mouth when I see Panda Express. Sadly, I rather shallow barf than eat there. Just saying. Wasabi is a similar combo asian food place. A lot of greese and fried food for your delight. On my last visit to the Venetian food court, I saw a sign for beef noodle soup. I know I was taking a risk trying a random place, but it was worth a shot. The soup was hearty and a little msgy, but overall tasty. It was filling and didn't leave me craving more. Not the best soup but for a cheap shake on budget this was good enough. I can't recommend this place, because the quality is okay. If you had enough buffet and you want something tasty and fast, it is worth a try. If you don't fill like getting a sandwich at the deli, concider trying Wasabi's. If you are super picky when it comes to asian food, skip. I hope this helps with your decision. Usually no waiting here. Written via Blackberry
1	I didn't expect absolute deliciousness, my expectations were set for a knock-off Panda Express like most every mall and town has. And my expectations were too high,For $14 I got white rice, noodles, and an entree, plus a drink which to me is pricey for a "one item combo". I got a dirty look for requesting rice and noodle, even though the menu photo clearly depicts rice and noodles for the 1-item combo.  My rice was cold and getting dry, not sticky but crumbly.  Rice should be warm, soft, kind of sticky.My noodles tastes like liquid smoke. Nothing else. My sukiyaki beef was the worst part. The beef was mushy like when you add too much tenderizer, and it was room temperature, not what I would consider a proper serving temperature. The vegetables were so soft I did not even need to bite them, they just kind of mushed in my mouth and slithered down. The dish didn't have much taste but vaguely reminded me of, in texture and taste, the bbq "rib" sandwiches available at convenience stores; but this dish was more bland. Again, I wasn't expecting much but was very disappointed. I ate maybe a bite of each item and tossed my $14 meal in the garbage. I hope I do not get food poisoning from the few cold bites I stomached.
1	Service was okay.Food portions were good for the price, but the food itself sucked. The chicken didn't taste like meat, and the spicy eggplant wasn't spicy. The fried rice was okay, but didn't taste like much either. Skip this place.
3	Problem: You and your friends decide to celebrate a bachelor's party in Vegas. In keeping with the wedding party in Vegas tradition, you drown yourself in liquor, eventually falling into a drunken stupor. Before you know it, it's morning. You walk to the bathroom and realize one of your lateral incisors is missing. Ignoring the fact that a tiger, an abandoned baby, and a chicken are running around your suite, your stomach demands sustenance. Oh, and you only have 10 bucks.Solution: Wasabi Jane'sWasabi Jane's is another typical Asian take-out restaurant. Located within the Venetian food court, and situated across the way from a Panda Express, Wasabi Jane's has your typical selection of Asian food.I purchased a 3 item combo. You will likely have some leftovers if you order the 3 item combo, even if you split it among 2 people.I ordered the chow mein, chicken teriyaki, and the beef (I forgot which variety. Oops.) I admit that the noodles were somewhat greasy. The proteins were tasty, though.The most discerning foodies will not find this place very tasty. For everyone else with a stomach to fill, and a hangover to heal, I'd think you'll be thoroughly pleased.
