3	I'd have to give this Best Buy between two and three stars but I'm giving it three because they at least gave me what I wanted. So my Dell Inspiron 6000 that I'd been using all through my four years of college finally hit the dust for good back in February of this year. The need for a new laptop very soon was ever present since I could only use my iPod Touch in my home via WiFi in order to do things online. After some comparative shopping for what was affordable (Apple was out of the question from square one), I finally settled on the HP Pavilion G Series that I am typing this on. It got good reviews and was very reasonably priced.The closest Best Buy to me is this one at Carrefour Angrignon and I chose to use Best Buy since it is an American entity that I know. I took several trips here which was tiresome due to the long Metro ride between this region of Montreal and downtown. First trip was to look at the computer. Finally on my second trip, I came here to buy the computer. This review is mainly directed at the employees. The first employee I worked with was somewhat helpful but didn't seem like the brightest bulb in the pack. It was hard to get him to explain to me a clear answer to my questions. The guy at the Geek Squad who set up my anti-virus stuff and installed the software on the computer I found to be rude and abrasive but at least he did his job ultimately. I only wish they had told me upfront that it would take them a while to getting around to installing my software. I came to the store to buy the computer only to leave without it and have to come back the next day to pick it up. Not the end of the world, but still very annoying as I could hear the sound of my Metro money falling through my pockets. And last but not least, I'll mention that when I was buying the computer, the credit machine wasn't working properly but luckily I wasn't charged 1,000 dollars rather than 500. Generally, I'll come here for my electronics needs if I am so inclined but there are other places like Future Shop, Beureau en Gros, and The Source which are closer.
1	I could not find any staff to help me find a hard drive enclosure that I was looking for. No one was available or even in the store on a Saturday afternoon, I waited for 30 minutes in store.Future Shop it is.
