5	OK, SO I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ADJUSTMENT BEFORE SO THIS WAS GONNA BE AWKWARD.First of all, I want to aknowledge Julie K for spreading the word out about this place. Who doesnt like free intoductory services to try them out? With that said I went in to get my very first adjustment. It wasnt painful or anything but it was definitely a weird feeling. The sound of my bones cracking made me think about those action movies where they show a person's bones breaking in slow motion. After I was done, I can feel my joints just a little bit looser and more relaxed.  I give a lot of props to Dr. Lovaas for explaining everything to me before and after my session.  I would definitely recommend this place to those that are curious or to those that definitely need it. The pay plans that they have are very manageable and are actually a little bet lower than most chiropractic offices. Their location is spacious and very clean.Since I live in North Las Vegas, this location would be a bit of drive for me. I was told that they are looking for a location in the North Las Vegas area which would be more appealing. If and when that happens, I wil definitely look into a family plan.
5	Thank you to Julie K. for great customer service and greeting on my recent visit.I arrived while suffering from some lower back pain. I received an adjustment from Dr. Lovaas who explained everything he was doing. I feel much better and look forward to future visits.
5	Thanks to Julie K for posting the info about this place and the free adjustment.  I really like the concept of this place, much like a Massage Envy membership but for chiropractic treatments.  On this visit I filled out some initial paperwork and then saw Dr. Kim, I believe was her name.  We talked about my problem areas and she adjusted accordingly.  It had been awhile since I had been adjusted and I forgot had good it feels!  I appreciated that there was no hard sell, just the information and even if i do choose to sign up there is no long term contract.  And you can always drop in at the price of $29 without being a monthly member.
5	Lets just put it out there... You would check out a place called the Joint if someone told you it was free no matter if it has to do with a chiropractor or your dealer. I'm totally kidding, Drugs are bad mmmkay! I did read a post in the talk thread that said the joint was offering a free adjustment as a soft opening special. I questioned whether or not I should go for about 2.2 seconds and I was on the phone to get the hours. We initially tried out the join up in Boca Park which was actually where the yelpiful yelpish employee had committed the posting from. It took about 5 minutes to fill out the questionnaire at the desk and my wife and I were now ready to be popped up, or down... Whichever the doc saw fit. He looked her over and did his thing popping her every which way and after a few minutes and a short explanation of what he found she was ready to roll. Now, it was my turn. I have not been to the chiropractor in YEARS, so when he asked me to bend at the waist to take a look at my spine, even my wife piped up with a,"Whoa, You are Crooked" It truly felt like the scene out of Forest Gump... Son your back is crooked as a politician. The doctor did the tricks, going through the adjustment and really making all the tight spots go away and really reminding me why I need to go see the chiro a little more often. Here is when the fun started. The Chiro told me that I should come in and be adjusted every week for the next month and then I can cut back a little. I will admit.... In my mind I started to think that the sales pitch had just begun. But honestly that was not the case, a normal adjustment is only $19 and when you sign up for the monthly membership it is much cheaper. After signing up for the account we were on our way. Simple and easy and out the door. Now I feel like I can truly say that our Chiropractor Has our back....
5	Saw a different doctor today, really liked him! Did. Great job on my aches and pains
5	What a novel idea.....chiropractic care without the hassle of insurance covering or not covering it.  Just $29 each time you go (or a membership deal, which varies in prices).I started out with a two month package to get some pretty regular chiro care since I haven't been in years and was pretty "unadjusted".  The package allows you 4 adjustments a month (basically one a week).  After the two months, I cancelled the membership and plan on just coming once a month to maintain; I don't think I'll need to come weekly anymore.  And here's what I really liked: when I said I wanted to cancel the membership, there was no pushiness or sales pitch to try to get me to stay a member.  I really appreciated that.The adjustments take 5 minutes, and some back pain that I had been dealing with for months disappeared after 3 weeks.  You feel looser, more relaxed, and not as tense.  And, ohhh, that satisfying feeling when you hear the CRACK in your back and feel instantly better is amazing.  Chiropractic care is important, and I know some people are scared of it, but The Joint makes it available to everyone in a comfortable environment.  Try it out, you won't believe how good it makes you feel.
5	YAY! A great, no pressure, affordable, easy-going chiropractic place. I love my weekly adjustments. Highly recommended.
3	I definitely get more out of a massage, but for what it is-it's a neat service to have as a walk-in. My back refused to crack because my muscles were so tight, so I didn't feel like I got much out of it. :( my neck popped pretty decent though and I got a good stretching. The doctor was really nice. Next time I will just go get a massage instead...
5	Very professional and kind group. They do great work and dont need all the machines to do it. Very in touch and really good at making u feel comfortable and secure before working on u. So far i see massive improvements with each session and other places i didnt feel the improvements.
5	Amazing.  I went on the recommendation of a friend after having severe lower back pain for over a month.  Walking hurt. Standing hurt.  I went in and after a brief exam and discussion about my symptoms, the magic began.  When I got in my car after the appointment it was the first time in over a month I sat in my seat without pain.  You can't beat their price and ease of seeing someone- (walk in only, no appointments).  Their monthly plan allows you 4 visits a month and there is no hassle in canceling- just 30 days notice.  I'm looking forward to my next visit as I continue to work out my back issues and definitely plan to continue on monthly maintenance to prevent future flareups.
5	I hurt my back and shoulder during a hockey game.  I am from out of town and was far away from my regular chiropractor.  I found The Joint on Yelp and walked in.  The doctor we saw paid close attention to my description of how I injured myself.  He explained what he thought the injury might be, was thorough describing how he planned on treating me and then when doing the actual adjustment.  I felt a million times better after the first adjustment and came back the next day for follow up and a second adjust. (Yelp User's 19 year old son.  Clearly, if I am going to get hurt, hockey isn't going to be the arena for injury.  I mean, look at me.  Hockey?)
5	Hands down the best  price in town for chiro care especially for someone who needs to see a chiro often .great service no appointment need it .come get adjusted and leave with out pain
5	i woke up the other morning with such a pain in my neck that I could not move. I needed mobility for my job that same evening so I looked up chiropractors. This place was awesome because they accept walk-ins and they are super affordable. You even get a discount as a first time customer.Dr. Lovaas was great! He explained everything that caused the pain, and also explained each movement so I was never caught off guard, and gave me after care instructions. I was very pleased with the whole experience. The next day the pain was basically gone.
5	The concept of this place is amazing!  Walk in, spend 5 minutes filling out paperwork and then go back for your adjustment which only takes about another 5 minutes.  I was terrified of the cracking since I have never had an adjustment before (there were many times I ran away from my fiance screaming when he tried to crack my back for me).  But, the whole process is literally so simple and after my adjustment (and some very loud crunching sounds) I did feel noticeably different.  They do offer a monthly membership package ($49= 4 adjustments) or walk in ($29/adjustment session).  Customer service is spot on, of course...I felt zero pressure when the membership packages were being explained to my fiance and I.  I definitely plan on coming back to try to control the terrible migraines I face each week.  I look forward to hopefully making some sort of progress!
5	If you are like me, you often turn a jaundiced eye to places that claim to be "no appointment necessary" figuring that is just another way to reel in people. In this particular case, The Joint is exactly what it advertises.  You walk in, fill out some paperwork (takes about 6 minutes) and quite literally within 10 minutes of walking in, I was sitting on a table talking to a chiropractor. So refreshing when you consider how long you usually have to wait for medical care.I went on my lunch hour thinking it would take most of the hour. I was in and out in under 20 minuted! The actual treatment took less time than the explanation of treatment!The best part? I walked out of there feeling monumentally better than when I hobbled in. Oh yeah, and I get another 3 treatments for my $49 monthly membership. (Which you can cancel at any time with 30 day notice.)Serious relief at a very reasonable price and they dont waste your time! What's not to love?
5	Stop coming up with reasons not to and just try it! It totally works and is as convenient and affordable as advertised!I am a 6'7", 350lb, 40 year old man who had never been to a chiropractor and was as skeptical as they come. Dr. Lovaas is an amazing chiropractor who really knows his stuff and, most importantly, wants YOU to be happy and healthy!For me, it boils down to this: I just got back from my 5th visit and I feel amazing!All I can say to you reading this review is, try it! You have nothing to lose and everything to gain. DO IT!TOTALLY LEGIT!!! THANKS DR. LOVAAS!!!
4	It's a good service, but bare bones treatment. No heating pads, no ultrasound,  no massage. Good adjustments,  but only that.
5	Only chiropractor office I was able to find that was open the Saturday after Thanksgiving. Only accepting walk-ins was a god send for me. Filled out the paper work and was in and out of the office 20 mins. Awesome staff. Would recommend to all those who need an adjustment.
5	I was skeptical about this place but decided to give them a try as the first appt. was $19. Liked the adjustment & went back for another & another & another. Signed up for their monthly plan & you can't beat it for $12 an adjustment.  Dr. Loveaas gives a great adjustment....& I'm really picky! Like their concept. Just walk in & get adjusted. I give them a big thumbs up!
5	I have been seeing Dr. Loveas for almost 6 months now and I think the service is great! It has never taken longer than 20 minutes start to finish and usually I am done in 10.  Most  importantly, the Dr. is very gentle and precise in his technique so I am never left sore from the treatment.  Top notch service!
5	I went in this past Saturday for lower back, arm and hand pain that I was experiencing due to a pinched nerve in my neck. I moved to Vegas about 4 months ago and don't have a regular doctor yet. I've been to a chiropractor before for the same issue, but it had been several months. The Joint was convenient (open on Saturday!), the receptionist was friendly and had me fill out some paperwork that took about 10 minutes to complete. Afterward, Dr. Watson, the chiropractor on staff, took me in the back and reviewed my paperwork and discussed the pain I was experiencing. Since I was already familiar with the process, he conducted a thorough adjustment and then recommended a course of treatment. The entire process took about 30 minutes and afterward, I felt so much better than I had when I walked in. The receptionist went over the different types of plans they offered and I selected the least expensive one that matched with my follow-up treatment. Even though The Joint only offers manual adjustments (no heat, no ultrasound, etc.), they are experienced, thorough, gentle and precise and provided me with immediate relief from the pain I was in. I went in for my second adjustment today and same as before, I felt better much better afterward. Like most things, chiropractic care is a process, so I plan on continuing the recommended course of treatments.
5	I went in to the Boca Park location here in Vegas. I was experiencing very bad neck pains(crook) on my left side. I seen Dr Lovass and after careful examination he made the PERFECT adjustment to my neck. The pain immediately went away and after several adjustments my body has not felt this amazing in a very long time. THANK YOU!!
5	Moved to Vegas - threw my back out. Went to 2 other chiro's - meh! Found The Joint and am very happy, bring both athletic kids and myself weekly - lifesaver with our activity level.
5	This is my Go-To Chiro spot in Vegas, I love the staff, the prices & mostly the chiropractors. U might NOT get the same doctor every time but they all listen very carefully to your concerns before conducting therapy. I'm enrolled in the monthly plan & it's super affordable, 4 adjustments for $49 a month..how can u beat that?! super happy with this place.
5	Love this place. They always straighten me out when I am in a pinch. Super friendly and easy access. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED****
5	Great place . Your in and out in under 10 min and you feel like a million bucks . Buying the premium wellness package makes it cheaper then going through my insurance for each visit . Great concept and a great doctor .
5	Love this place - I've gone to chiropractors for 20+ years.  This place is so easy to walk into and walk out - Jason (Dr. Lovaas) is EXCELLENT!  I feel fantastic after leaving. I've been probably 4x now. If you want convenience and a good experience - this is it.  I have insurance that covers Chiro but no reason to use it now - it's a $40 co-pay using my insurance...The Joint charges around $25. So why use my insurance to pay MORE.  You won't be disappointed if you are looking for a chiropractor.
5	Had a wonderful experience! I had never been to a chiropractor before so was a little nervous but the Dr was very friendly. Back pain was not completely relieved but I did feel much better. The price was extremely reasonable and I will be back. Haha back.
5	I have always loved going to the chiropractor ... The feeling of overall wellness that happens for me after being adjusted is awesome. Now that the joint has opened up near my home I finally have an affordable way to have regular chiropractic care on a weekly basis... I love the doctors here and I also love the no appointments policy... Just walk in and get served quickly and then your back to your busy happy life! Self love begins from within and that includes your  spine! Have I mentioned that I love dr. Lovaas?!! Don't be fooled by the quick service dr. Lovaas lovingly takes the time to talk with you and address and create an individual plan for you and our body.
5	These gentleman have all taken me from limping in to jumping after some great therapy! The concept makes it even better as it is better than  insurance copayment amounts' They have all attended accredited colleges and are very talented in there technique. I am a lifer !
1	Went here after being injured (dislocated shoulders, wrist) and detailed all this to Dr. Lovaas who began treatment which was VERY painful and offered no relief. At no time did he say that I should not be there or that it would cause more pain and damage. Selected a 6 mo plan yet due to the major pain I was going 3 x week (paying extra) but nothing worked. I had to go out of the country for the month of Aug and I informed them of this fact, the receptionist said that they would freeze my account until I called and let them know I was back, when I returned to LV I had to undergo the appropriate medical treatment (rheumatologist/orthopod/rehabilitation therapy since the pain was very bad and per doctor's orders, so I called to let them know I would not be able to continue with them. Not only did they lie about freezing the account and continued to charge me every month but their answer to this problem was "you can continue normally" or "we can cancel your account but you can continue to pay"- that is not a solution. They actually told me I needed to follow their procedures (and I know this how? their representative NEVER mentioned nor give me any forms/information to this effect (which I think is THEIR procedure so they can then come back with "you didn't follow our procedure because who knows what those are unless they tell you, right?) So it's BUYER BEWARE..... but I will continue until I get satisfaction from this place which should have known their limited services would not be of benefit for someone who is actually injured, this is not ethical nor correct.
5	Tried The JOint for the first time today and I'm a happy camper. Ive been a blackjack dealer for years which has caused me to have stiffness and tension on the entire right side of my body. Ive also been suffering from chronic muscle tension, tingling and numbness throught my entire body. Dr. Loova listened to my concerns and evaulated my issues before any adjusting was done. Next he did my adjustment which took about 5 min. Very quick, smooth, hassle free process. The first visit is 19.99$. They also have great monthly (49$) and cash options. I will be getting the 10 visits for 203$. Cant beat that when it comes to ur body. I feel great and cant wait to have my alignment back to normal!  :)
5	Love this place great service best chiropractors in town. Very understanding.  Never have to wait . Great location. Highly recommended this place.
5	Can't do better the the joint it's the bestIt's convenient and easy to get to send all My friends and clients there they love it
5	Quick fix, low price and many convenient locations including California.They have different price packages that will fit anyone's budget .
1	I went to check this place out since it is closer than where I normally go to, and my boyfriend recommended it. The place is clean and nice, but the receptionist was very rude. Maybe I am just used to the friendly staff at Align. I filled out my paperwork and she tells me I can't be seen because I was recently in a car accident 5 months ago, but she says I can wait for the doctor and talk to him, she let 3 other people go before me when I was there first...I only got up and left because her attitude was not welcoming, and I am definitely not a sensitive person, but her attitude was not acceptable. Customer Service is important. I'll continue to go to Align...the drive is worth it.
5	A life saver for me.  I was out of alignment and hurting.  Called and got in immediately.  So nice to be able to stop in without an appointment.  Friendly staff, great Doc.  Good adjustment style, not too forceful.  My regular weekly stop now.  Feeling great now!  And yes the price is outstanding.
