1	Since Aigust 1, 2011 I have been on Medicare and Supplemental B/C B/S insurance. I have severe sleep apnea and must use a BiPAP machine to get any sleep. Unfortunately, my sleep doctor referred me to Bennett Medical Services in Las Vegas on South Valley View. I have been working with them for more than 10 months to handle a billing "problem". I have made numerous phone calls and written 2 very complete letters, telling my story, who I had spoken to and what had happened. On January 23, I sent my check for $171.23, which was cashed. This was my prtion of the costs per Shanae. She stated that she did not control Management and their "threat" to turn me over to collection was out of her hands. This was followed by another letter, dated February 8, wtating the whole scenario again and with colored copies of my Medicare Card and my B/C B/S cards. I heard no further word, nor did Ireceive any billings. Foolish me, I thought that this was handled. On Saturday, October 20, 2012 I received a letter from NSB (National Service Bureau) a collection Agency. I now owe $177.00 to Bennett, which because I have not paid it, I must now pay a collection Agency. I have not received any billing for this amount. When I called about it and spole with Mary and then Linda, I find out that I owe money from back to 6/23/11. So, under protest I am paying this Collection Agency. Please do not use Bennett, their explanation for all of this is that another company does their billing. Bennett Medical Services  has terrible customer service for billing and any related problems. Because of this I would strongly suggest that anyone seeking any kind of medical supplies -- oxygen, sleep apnea machines, etc. find another company
1	Horrible! They have done nothing but be unethical and unprofessional. Beware of medical devices from them. Do your research, there are better companies out there that aren't worried about the money. Shame on you Bennett!
1	Poor phione service, they put you on hold with a call you are paying for long distance. They have no 800 numbers to call for your billing problems.  To charge for a call about billing is ludiicrist.. When you finally get a voice mail from billing it tells you they will get back to you in two days.The office in Las Vegas, is not any better.  This company was recommended by my respiratory doctor and sleep clinic.
5	I have personally met the owner, and I was so impressed by how much knowledge and passion he had in the feild.   He truly cares about all patients.  The customer service rep, Laura is so bubbly and always with a smile.  She is so refreshing to see...  she is better than cold water on a hot day!!  Janelle who helps with nebulizers is always there to either help or find the right person to help.  Liz customer service to the community is outstanding.    Keep up the great work!
