5	Now called the US Airways Center, this is one of my favorite places to be. Not only because I am a huge Suns fan (which I am), but it's just a generally good vibe in there. Food is, well stadium food, but who goes for the food? The sound system is good and the seating structure is intuitive and easy to navigate. The Suns still have the best introduction ceremony I have ever seen and I think a big part of it is this arena.
5	I freaking hate name changes!  This will always be AWA to me.This is my place all summer for Phoenix Mercury games.  We love loud it can get in here.  Players have said that this is one of those arenas where the crowd definitely becomes the X Factor because the volume on the court can get more intimidating than some other Arenas.  As it should be.  I've seen lots of other concerts/events here too over the years and it can go from feeling like a small casual place, like during the AND1 Basketball Tour to an upscale "adult" spot, when Billy Joel played it, to a rocking explosion - Melissa Etheridge rocking the place down.  This place does a great job of just "matching" the appropriate mood of the night.  While the food stuffs are generally open for the Sports events, there are some nice options. The Copper Club has some nicer options, though still quite casual.  There is a new wood fired pizza place that is actually really good.  Of course you've got Subway, McDonald's and Cold stone too.  It's a great spot for any event.  Personal opinion though - if you are going for a sport event you have to sit in the bottom 1/2.  There is such a huge difference in the seating that it's absolutely worth it - even if you're in the last row on the level.
5	I just flew into Phoenix for a night to catch Game 4 of the WNBA Finals. The venue is great to catch a ballgame.  It's clean, people are friendly and every section has a great view of the court.I really do enjoy traveling to Phoenix to catch a game.  This is truly a great place to enjoy it all (and it gets you out of the heat).  My partner went to buy a beer and came back with the hugest mug ever! No really, I've been to many arenas and this is the most fan friendly place.  You can take a picture next to the life-sized Steve Nash or Diana Taurasi.  The employees are all super friendly and seem to happy working the events.If you haven't checked out this arena, it's a must!  Every seat makes you feel like you are sitting court-side with the best of the best!
4	Going to see the Suns play (first time) was a great experience.  I finally got to see Phoenix fans actual show up for a game and participate. Perhaps it's because the Suns have been here for about 40 years, and have established history and roots. Perhaps it's due the excitement Shaq-Diesel brings to the team, even though he is well past his prime years of skill. Either way, I was happy to see the crowd so into the game, and excited for the Suns energy and presence on the court.  Since I am from Boston (wait, you didn't know I am from Boston?) I was rooting for the Celtics. :) Yes, a Celtics game! I was very excited to go to this game and see my boys in green slugging it out against the high energy Suns. I expected a high scoring fast paced game, with KG and Stoudemire going point for point. I was pretty disappointed that not only did the Celtics loose,  but they looked like a High School team. It was a low scoring affair on both sides, and the Suns didn't look very comfortable yet with Shaq in the lineup. It was still a blast, and even though my date was a Suns fan, she just happened to wear Celtics colors. ;)The Arena is cool, very easy to get to and park, and clean. The bathrooms are modern and their are ample amounts of vendors to buy all things you'd expect at the game. The opening sequence were the Suns are introduced to the crowd is pretty intense, and the energy stays constant the entire game. I didn't drink any beer, or eat any food, so I cannot comment on the Stadium's food offerings. Overall I got the impression the beer variety was lacking, as there was a lot of bud light floating around.
3	What could be better than the Suns vs. Celtics? What could be more exciting than seeing a first-person account of the intensity of Suns fans - the roaring cheers, the music, the stunts and even the fire? What could be more exciting than seeing two ex-KU players (Pierce and Pollard) take the floor to battle Nash & Co. Well, not much. Let's just say I wish I hadn't been crammed into my seat - wedged between an older gentleman with binoculars and my handsome date. Atleast I could lean a little bit to my right (we're talking proximity people, not politics) and share common real estate with somebody I know very well. He even remarked, "Good thing we know each other as well as we do." Oh, and the seats. Well, I bought them via a Ticket Liquidator, whom, if I could, would give 5 stars. I also bought a parking pass to Jefferson Parking Garage. It was super easy to find, pull into and leave (so long as you leave about 3 minutes before the game ends). This isn't the first Suns game I've seen, but it has been the more uncomfortable of the two. Our seats were in the upper section above the Celtics bench. I thought I would have seen more green, man. Not that I wanted the Celtics to win, but my date is from Boston. I thought it would be fun for him to sit among "his peeps." Well, the green was scattered - few and far between. That's okay. The Suns fans we were around didn't hackle or boo us - which was nice of them, considering I was clapping and cheering for the home team. But, watching the game was more of a game than the actual action on the court (holy crapola, both teams sucked!). Our seats were in Row 7, the first row near the stairs over the entrance to the 205 section. Argh. If we had been two seats in, we would have been fine. If we had been one row down, even better. Somehow I managed to pick the seats that had bars and people in the way. My date said it didn't bother him, yet being a perfectionist, I was a tad disappointed in my selection. Atleast we were near the aisle and could come-and-go without disturbing too many people - just one guy in a leather jacket. Finding our seats was easy. US Airways makes it easy to enter and leave the arena, which is great. Two escalators down makes for a speedy escape. Yet, dodging the people in the narrow halls is not that much fun. (But, standing around watching them is!)Atleast the Suns Team Shop had the mascot monkey on sale for $7.50. Talk about a sure-fire way to appease anybody... right?All in all, a fun experience with a fun date. We didn't partake of any of their crummy beer. We opted to go to The Roosevelt afterward, where we saw a few more fans - both Boston and Phoenix, alike. (Not to mention had two great beers from Rogue Brewing Co.)Fun night! Too bad I felt like I had gotten the crappiest seats in the arena, only to have my view blocked from antsy fans and vendors selling anything you can imagine, from beer ("Cold beer here!"), something pink with whipped cream, giant cookies and a sardine sandwich. (Oh, wait, the latter was me...)
4	I was fortunate enough to be invited to the Phoenix Suns vs Houston Rockets basketball game on Saturday night - and managed to score a premium seat in a private suite (a sweet suite).An amazing game with Shaq onboard (the Suns trounced the Rockets). Anyway the point is that US Airways Center is a perfect venue - several cool bar/restaurants circle the site for pre and post game activities. We grabbed a brew over at Alice Cooperstown then headed to the game.We parked in the garage that bordered the arena, and conveniently walked from our parking spot directly into the place.The only complaint I have is that smokers are treated more like murderers - I had to walk a 1/2 mile to an outdoor spot each time I wanted a puff (which when drinking is fairly often). I understand non-smokers don't want to breath my smoke - I don't understand how an enterprise this large doesn't have a few patios for us unclean heathens. As anti-smoking as some people are, remember it IS legal and certainly less of a poison than hard alcohol (which the lounges here gleefully serve).
4	My husband and I were invited to a Phoenix Suns game, this one versus the Sacramento Kings.  Not being an advid fan of basketball, this was my first time to a basketball arena to see a game up close and personal.  The US Airways Center was a great sight to be seen.  Even though I felt I was being advertised to the whole night (I need Coke, not wait Jack in the Box,  ooo a Toyota, I need it now!), they definitely keep you entertained.  It was The Gorilla's birthday that night complete with visiting mascots, cupcakes for fans, and a former American Gladiator v. mascot showdown.  Although the most exciting thing to watch was all the Kings players that would run into Shaq, almost fall down and Shaq would just stand there, like a brick wall.  That and after the dancers performed to an Aerosmith song, the stadium played Aerosmith's "Dude Looks Like a Lady," as they exited!  HA!There's a good variety of food, I had Caesar salad with flat bread in a cup, a nice change of pace compared to ballpark food.  The hubby had Subway. Good times were had by all and the Suns trounced the Kings.
4	Catching a Suns game in the US Airways Center is liking finding an archaic, beaten down, and otherwise, divey roadhouse that has the capital to serve Foie gras, Santa Maria steak, fresh cut sweet potato fries, caramel infused churros, and Live Oak Hefewiezen.  Such a house is not fit for vamp choices, like the US Air Center is not fit for superior products like Nash, Amare, Shaq, and Bell.  The arena is too small, the grade of the grandstands is too flat,  the mezzanine does not overlap the lower deck,  the sound doesn't keep, the lighting is dismal, the baseline is wasted on a humongous media center, the concourse is narrow and difficult to navigate, the plaza is lame, and as a whole, has an EXTREMELY goofy nickname.Buuuut ... The "Purple Palace" does have an inviting, simplified, and cozy atmosphere.  Every sightline is a good one.  The commodity that they place on the court 41 times a season is exciting and entertaining and competitive.  After all, as sports fans, MOREOVER, as Valley sports fans, all we ask is a little run to the playoffs, and maybe, just maybe falling into a Finals appearance.We aren't spoiled here.  We'll sit out in the triple digits if it means the Cards could finish above .500, we'll clamor for overinflated tickets for a division series in baseball, and we'll certainly take the pratfalls of our dinky NBA arena if it means the Suns continue to play the most exciting brand of basketball in the laborious and superior Western Conference.  I just think the Valley's best and most consistent team deserves something similar to the Staples Center than something that should have been erected in Salt Lake City.
4	"Don't tell me Matt flew to Phoenix to watch a Warrior's game?""You bet I did!"With playoff admiration, the Golden State Warriors are playing the Phoenix Suns in the rattlesnake city and must beat Suns and their final game versus Seattle to stay alive and qualify them to be in the playoff. In order to be in the playoff, the Denver Nuggets, who is also competing with the Warriors for the final playoff spot must lose their remaining games in order to qualify themselves into the playoffs. Going to the U S Airway Center and Chase Field (D-backs home), which are next door to each other, are really walking distance from Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix; so if you staying in the downtown area, renting a car is not necessary. Or if you are lazy, you can take the train-line to the arena. I'll come clean; the venue and crib for the Phoenix Suns is a lot nicer than my Oracle Arena. I know it's about time that my Warriors need a new arena. It's a matter of time that the city of Oakland will discuss and approve the expensive plan. The US Airway Center has an atmosphere of a hotel and casino. It's not a bad place for a concert performance or a Yelp-event!I was very fortunate to obtain ticket for the Phoenix Sun's game versus my Golden State Warriors from the ticket booth. Although I spent $35.00 on a "nose-bleed" seat, the seat was good enough for me to cheer my Golden State Warriors to a victory. This is my third NBA city and arena that I've visited (Sacramento and now Phoenix). Both of those cities were with my Warriors as the visiting team. Even cooler, that I was very thrilled to see my team with their cool orange jersey. Sadly, my Warriors not only lost the game, but also officially eliminated from any playoff contention. Now I need to find other hobby (s) to keep me occupy for the next season. I'll still watch the NBA Playoffs, but won't be the same without my Warriors. Still I did had fun going to another NBA city to watch a game.
4	K, so I'm totally mourning the official end of the Suns 2007-08 Season.  I wanted to rip off my O'Neal 32 shirt & sub-in for Nash, especially during the 4th last night---rrrrrrr!  My lovely San Antonio siblings are sending me a broom & Parker jersey as I write.  Anyway, I wanted to end it on a positive note, so I've decided to post about my Suns experience at the center....Parking--You know, I never realized how much impact parking has on my overall experience until I started writing reviews...Anyway, parking for an event is a non-issue if you don't mind walking a few blocks to the center.  I parked off of 1st & Lincoln near an economically depressed area , with streets in serious need of repaving but @ the end of the night, my car was still there, unharmed.  Definite plus.Seating/visibility--We sat in the 'upper deck' but with the way the center is designed, I had decent visibility of the court, despite the dismal lighting.  I felt slightly dizzy seated so high, with the low lighting and constant action all around me...And IMO, I felt there was entirely too much seating allocated to "CASINO ARIZONA". They pretty much take up an entire section.  I don't know who gets to sit there but it pissed me off.  Entertainment--I appreciated that they didn't do the random cam that identifies people on a jumbotron with the caption instructing people to '________'--you fill in the blank.  I've seen this @ hockey games, baseball, etc & always wondered how they avoided selecting two totally random people sitting next to each other to hug/kiss.  Or why the jumbotron always makes people actually get up and do the funky chicken dance.  Maybe it's magic....Anyway, I thought they did some cool stuff like give away a car, launch a jilion shirts into the crowd, and of course the gorilla was on hand to impress us with his slam dunking skills.  He was of course, aided by a trampoline, but who cares?  It's a slam dunking gorilla.  At the end of the night, the Suns beat the Blazers, so it was alllllllll goooooood!  Oh yeah AND I won some arena football tickets.  Yea.  I think.
4	i'm a basketball junkie and became a Suns fan during their amazing run in '92-'93. as a season ticket holder for 3 seasons now, the US Airways Center is almost a home away from home - only i don't have to do chores. speaking of which, the restrooms here are always squeaky clean. i've been to bigger arenas that give a whole new meaning to nose bleed section, and US Airways definately doesn't feel that way. it's as intimate as an arena for a major sports team can be and even the cheapest seats still give you a good view of the hardwood action. and who doesn't love a little hardwood action?the food is not going to make you cheer any louder (that's what alcohol is for), but at least there are a variety of options. you got your standard arena concessions, Subway, Peter Piper Pizza, Cold Stone Creamery, Starbucks, Southwest Grill, G'Rilla Dogs and the two newest additions, Samurai Sam's and Great Steak and Potato Co.anyways, i've been lucky enough to enjoy the arena when every game was sold out, and it's a bit depressing to see all the empty seats now. i know they haven't been as exciting as in the past years, but it's still fun to go with good friends. so please do the Suns (and me!) and huge favor and go to a game. you can get a great deal on tickets right now, especially if you buy them from season ticket holders through the Suns website. hopefully i'll see you at a game. GO SUNS!
3	Was fortunate enough to catch a great Suns game (even though they lost in the end) about two Christmases ago courtesy of an acquaintance.  Nice seats, too.  ($30+ for a seat in the nosebleed sections?  I'd rather get catering, invite friends over, and enjoy the game at home!)Sorry, not much of a review, I know.  Lots of parking, but walk with a friend or seek out security on bikes for safety.  Lackluster food options, but easily solved by eating elsewhere; help support local businesses!
3	Suns games. Good view from all areas. Beer. Pizza Hut. Gross popcorn. Watermelon slushy drinks gave me the runs. Not a whole lot else to say.
4	Other than the fact I can't get used to the new name, not much has changed at the Arena since the days I was a regular at every Rattlers home game.  The upper decks still cause heart stopping vertigo, the bathrooms have too long of lines and not enough toilet paper, and the concessions are the wrong temperature and way too expensive.  However, that all comes with the territory of any arena type event.Most recently I saw the Billy Joel Elton John Face to Face concert here.  My tickets said "Obstructed View" but overall, we still had a decent view of the stage.  The large screen projections made up for the height we were at.  The sound was good and the concert itself was amazing.  The biggest problem I have is with the actual concession stand staff.  Is there a rule I am unaware of that forces these people to take 15 minutes to ring up a beer?  I understand the "I have to pour this into a cup" taking a minute, but it's like the longer the line gets, the slower these guys work.
3	After a year and a half of living in the Valley, I finally made it to US Airways twice in March - once for the Cavs/Suns game and once for the Elton John/Billy Joel Face to Face concert. For the Suns game, I went with two girlfriends and we drove...parking was super easy and convenient in a garage and it was only $10. Sweet. For the concert, my husband and I took light rail and it ran late that evening. Double sweet. Walking around downtown around 5:45 pm the evening of the concert, parking near US Airways was running about $20-25.The atmosphere outside before the Suns game was awesome - live band playing and different things set up for kids and kids at heart alike. Getting in for the game was really easy and quick; for the concert, not so much. It was a huge clusterf*ck and while at times there was semblences of lines, really it was just people pushing toward the door. Once inside, both times, I really wished there was better signage and directions on which way to head. I have been to better looking arenas, but the worst part about the setup for US Airways is that the walkways, especially on the second level, are quite narrow for the amount of people that were at both events, so it gets way too congested to even walk.The concession stand choices are horrid. My two girlfriends and I set out to find something to eat prior to the Suns game beginning and we finally had to settle for Subway. The concession stand choices that we saw were pizza, nachos, pretzels, and candy. No fries. No burgers. No chicken tenders. Definitely make sure to eat at one of the restaurants around the arena before heading in. For the Suns game, we sat in section 225 which is a corner section. For buying the tickets two days prior to the game for $53 each, we were really happy with our seats and the view. We didn't miss any of the action and even from section 225, row 10, Shaq looked HUGE. We didn't feel too far away at all and we had perfect views of the court and the scoreboards. For the concert, we were in section 219 which is on the side. Seats were pretty decent...we could see the stage really well, but lights blocked our view of some of the screens. Acoustics for the concert were a bit lacking, but I'm not sure if that was due to the equipment the tour had or if it is because of the venue.I wouldn't run back to US Airways for a concert, but will definitely go to another Suns game. People were totally into the game and it was nice to see people watch the whole game and stand up and cheer. I felt this venue is good for basketball, but for concerts, it was just OK.
4	I may not know the players names or even some of the rules, but I love live sports!  Maybe I just like an excuse to yell and clap with others.  In the past year I have tried all three flavors of seating while cheering on the Suns:Box Suite - perfect for the lazy among us.  Lots of seating and a couple of TVs too.  The food and drinks are stocked by your Suite Attendant (sweet!) so your next refreshment is never more than 10 steps away.  Each box also has a private restroom (yay!).  No need to stand in line to tinkle with the masses.Lexus Club - semi-private boxes (closer to the court than the box suites) and a buffet-style food spread that isn't anything you would expect from a sports venue.  Carving stations, salads, pasta and swanky cheeses.  No paper plates & plastic cups here...  Great for people watching - the ice cream sundae line starting in the 3rd period can really bring out the ugly in some...  Seriously.Regular Seats - closest to the game (which I like), but also closest to everyone else.  The crowd can be really enthusiastic - depending on how the game is going you may find yourself being high-fived or even hugged by strangers.  Not.  Always.  A.  Good.  Thing.I have seen some cool things here, including a man win $77,777 for sinking a basket from center court "granny style".  Overall a good arena (especially when the tix are free!).    :)
2	I was in town on the night the Lakers were also in town. BF and I and a friend decided to try to get tix from a scalper. Not knowing the venue, well it figures we got jipped. We got tickets to something they call the verve lounge. Its like a club in between the lower and upper levels. OK thats fine except there is nowhere to sit and the view is lame.NOT worth it, I would rather sit in the nosebleeds, then again I'd rather be at Staples Center.
3	The wife and I visited U.S. Airways last year when we were vacationing here in Arizona...but it wasn't the Suns we went to go see it was the WNBA Phoenix Mercury. It was a great game.... they played the San Antonio Silver Stars and i have to say it was one of the great experiences of my life. It was the season opener for the Mercury and the crowd was hyped and the atmosphere was playoff like...and it was a thrilling victory for the mercury that night. It's a shame that the stadium is just average for team as good as the Mercury and while the Suns play there and are providing some excitement right now the stadium just doesn't provide any. There are not enough restrooms, the vendors are very commercial, and the prices for the food are a little outrageous. Now we did have great seats about 5 rows behind the backboard...and we had great views of the Mercury bench and got some amazing photos of the players.They really need to make some improvements there to make the place more fan friendly and maybe add some spice and excitement to it because that is what it really lacks. If however you want to see the Suns or the Mercury the building will do (LOL). Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!!!
3	Came here to watch a game versus the Boston Celtics, and had a good time.Crowd was really into the game, and friends and strangers alike were giving high fives for the great plays and booing the refs when a call didn't go the Suns way.It's too bad the arena itself wasn't a good as the NBA action it contained.  Restrooms were miles apart and too few in number, the food was overpriced for the quality, and the vendors lacked any imaginative products.
4	Went to the Sun's game here tonight. I really enjoyed going to this venue. We took the light rail and it dropped us off a block away. I went with a group of ASU students and we got a sweet deal. $4 a ticket for upper level seats. And we got let in before doors to watch the shoot around from the front row. And we got free drawstring bags. I'm not quite sure how they got those tickets but they were pretty sweet.The venue itself is pretty nice. A plethora of food choices and gift shops on each floor. They also have a game room/playground upstairs. I had a philly for my meal. It was good and a decent amount of food for what I paid. The crowd was into it, and even though I wasn't really a fan of the two teams playing, I found myself yelling and booing (or LOUUUUing) along with them. I'd definitely go see another game here.
3	Ack, does nothing much for me. I know it's new and all but to me it's a pretty bland building. The Suns are a great team to watch but the arena is nothing spectacular.
4	I am a huge Suns fan, and being from LA, born and raised, I was excited to go watch their first home game of the 09-10 season. There's plenty of reasonably priced places to park near the center and all that look pretty legit (none of the shady business you see in LA). From outside it looked pretty small, but once you step inside it's a whole different story. Wide hallways that are properly marked telling you where you are make it easy to find your way around.  Compared to Staples the place is "tiny," but because it is every seat in the house has a great view. No such thing as nose bleeds here. If you're in town to watch a Suns game or another event check it out.
4	I went to this venue for the Lady Gaga concert.  Lady Gaga gets FIVE STARS!   The concert was amazing, the best performance I have EVER seen!  US Airways Center gets THREE STARS. The venue though was a little disappointing.  I was expecting to be over charged but, $10 for a beer?!?  And $6 for a WATER?!?  That was just too much.  I recommend being full hydrated and fed before you enter.
4	My first visit to US Airways was to attend a Tool concert. Perched in the 200 level I found I had a great time and off in the distance there on stage Tool...Yeah they weren't the best seats but I have had worse.... A few months later I find myself living in downtown Phoenix. Working just blocks from US Airways (I can see it from my cubicle window). I attended a few Suns games and I was hooked. I tried the 200 level seats which even for the play-offs I was purchasing for as little at $30 (sometimes less) and there were times I splurged for 3rd row...not quite court-side but close. When I decided to get Season tickets, there was only one area I was interested in Lexus/Annexus Club Seats. Nice wide roomy seats and access to the club, 3 bars and restrooms. The service has always been great and the food at the club level is generally good. Some nights are better than others. [I would have to say when comparing US Airways Center vs Univ of Phoenix Stadium Club levels, I personally prefer the variety and options of the University of Phoenix Stadium Gila River Club]. Overall I say check out a show or a game here sometime. Whether it be the Suns, Mercury, Rattlers or Lady Gaga its bound to be a good time.
4	What is not to like? Suns or Concerts in Phoenix right downtown. I saw the Rolling Stones from suite and let me tell you...It was Sweet! Enjoy!
4	We saw Elton John here about two weeks ago.  Nearby garage parking was only $10, not too bad for Downtown.The employees who helped us find our suite were very helpful and kind.  Also, the man who checked on us from time-to-time was friendly and attentive.  And, the food was, well, what you'd expect out of a Downtown arena.All in all, we had a great experience here.  For as big as US Airways Center is, it is easy to navigate and clean.  Awesome!
4	I have been to a few games here at the US Airways Center.  What I like about the arena is that traffic and parking is a lot more structured than going to other stadiums that I have been to in the past.  The actual stadium has great seating.  There is really no bad seat in the house.  I think the structure of the stadium is not as tall as other basketball arenas, so even nose bleed seats are not too bad.  Food is reasonably priced for a sporting event.  Everyone has a lot of fun cheering on their home team.  After the game, there are several nearby bars to hang out afterwards.
4	I'd go to more Suns games just for the entertainment and half time shows!
4	This review is not dedicated to Andris Biedrins. How does one rate a sporting venue? is it based upon amenities? How about location? atmosphere? There are so many ways to offer opinions but the best in my humble know-it-all way is to compare it to other like arenas.Lets talk about atmosphere. This is where the fan comes in. How dedicated, supportive and basically crazy a building gets on game night. US Airways Center is middle of the road. Not bad, nor is it great in terms of some of the others out there. For example, the two best (again, solely my opinion) are Madison Square Garden and Oracle in Oakland. Those two are by far the two loudest and filled with the most knowledgeable basketball fans in the country. Oh oh, I have offended some of you and I apologize.But lets face it.The bottom dwellers in this group include Dallas, Houston and Atlanta (in that that order). Those arenas just do not cut it in terms of fan noise. Even on the biggest of game nights, the fans tend to sit on their hands and rarely even stand on their feet during crucial plays. The middle of the road(ers). There are plenty of venues that fit this category. Phoenix as I mentioned is one along with Orlando, Utah and Detroit. They get up for the big game and the playoffs but are pretty ho hum when it comes to a weeknight nothing special event.The overrateds. Yes, there are those that get more press and pub than they deserve. The Lakers at the Staples Center easily top this list. Come see them after a two game losing streak and the fans are about as lackluster and disinterested as a Ramones fan at a Taylor Swift concert. Miami, you too! Take LeBron out of the mix and your building is one big yawnfest. And I have one more, and this one is a shocker-Boston. Yes, I said it. Boston fans of changed. I think the recent success of the Pats and Sox have taken some of the passion away and there is not enough to go around. The underrated(s). Portland, great fans and driven with basketball knowledge. I can't think of anyone else I would include on this list.But if Seattle ever gets another franchise I may consider including them here.With this said, a nice sports venue with plenty of space and nice sight lines offering the fan a better than average NBA experience. And I love the Gorilla!
4	Easy to get to via Light Rail and if you have a USAIRWAYS ARENA event ticket, you can ride the light rail for free!  I went here for a WWE wrestling event (I will never go to another btw, it was terrible.  Im not much of a wrestling fan in general, but I can't imagine it would be fun even for die hard fans...).  So there was kind of a weird seating layout for the arena as well.  I want to go back for a more 'normal' event like a suns game or something and get a better feel of this place.  Seems nice though!
4	I've been coming here on and off since this place opened. Been to Suns, Coyotes, and used to be Rattlers season ticket holders.  I thought it kinda got run down for a while but I just went to a Suns game and after not being there for a long while, I thought that this place was as clean and nice looking as I ever remember it.
4	Watched a Suns game here recently and had a blast.  The arena is in the heart of Downtown Phoenix and is near bars and restaurants.  It's really easy to have a pre and post-game party.  We walked to Lucky Strikes after the game and had a few drinks and shot some pool.Overall, it's a good time in this arena.Return Factor - 90%
1	How can you enjoy anything in this arena knowing US Airways brings so much frustration and misery to people around the country? This airline is the worst out there, consistently underserving customers, leaving people stranded, delivering the absolute lowest level of service. It's a shadow hanging over every Suns game.
1	This place sucks, simply put.  Older venue with narrow hallways, a bitch to get a drink or beer, can hardly walk around the lines of people in the way.  Everything else is what you would expect from an older covered basketball stadium.  The acoustics sound pretty good concert wise.  I always wish concerts were elsewhere - dodge, cricket, jobing.
3	This review is pretty late. Just clearly out my camera. Well I went to watch a Suns game here with my brother. Driving up to the area was very easy. We didn't hit our first problem til we got out the car - tickets. I purchased tickets online and was told to go to the ticket booth to pick up. I go to the ticket booth (where I was directed) and wait 20 minutes in that line to get to the front to then be told I need to enter another line for tickets? Another 10 minute wait and I finally have someone see my name for tickets. But there are printing problems? Why wasn't this done beforehand? Once we find our seats the game was pretty (bad). But great seats and courteous fans. (Atlanta can learn from these folks). The Center is okay for it's size and quality. I got great drinks and food from the main floor. Of course overpriced but that was to be expected. Comparing this to Atlanta - there is a lot in need to be upgraded. But the location, parking, and amenities make it "Just Okay". I wish the Suns would just play better ball.
4	Pretty awesome! I went to a Suns game and really enjoyed the atmosphere. I've been to the staples center in LA many times and there was something about the us airways that made me really like it. It is very clean and a great game day atmosphere. It's a smaller arena compared to others so the view is better, where ever you sit. Clean, Safe, Fun, interactive. You should definately come here!
3	I was here recently for the Rattlers Arena Bowl game.  Kinda cool to see football in a basketball arena.  Lines were a little too long for the concession stands.
5	Saw the Arena Bowl featuring the Rattlers who lost in the last 2 seconds. Even though the event was heart breaking the venue was amazing. It was very clean, the suite we were in was well stocked, had a great view, and made for a very enjoyable time. It's the only Arena we have and it's a great one. We should be thankful that we have such amazing venues to watch our Arizona teams play at. Support Arizona sports!
5	Well since the last time I talked to you all about this arena....I have been to many Phoenix Mercury games.....and I was even at Arena Bowl to see the Rattlers. However last night was my first concert experience at U.S. Airways Center. I went to see John Legend and Sade....and it was a show to which I have no words....but trust me it was Sultry and I was in a total trance the whole time. The arena was set up very nicely for the Sellout Crowd....other than having some better organization....I will definitely return for another concert in the future.
3	Came here for a Sade concert and I wasn't particularly impressed. They need to illuminate the row numbers when the lights are lowered I couldn't see a damn thing when trying to find my seat. Also the leg room is nonexistent seeing that I have a bad knee that doesn't do well when bent for more than 20 min it was rather uncomfortable. I had to wait until the person in front of me got up so I could extend my leg. I'd be hesitant to see another concert here, but I could tell it's probably a decent area for a sporting event. Everything else about this place seemed fairly decent. I didn't visit the concession stand but I'm sure it's ridiculously high priced as all the others.
4	Watched a couple of Suns games back in the day and was impressed with the Arena.  It's located in downtown Phoenix with easy access to parking.  The inside is pretty big with a great atmosphere.  Outside the Arena, there are quite a few bars and restaurants.
3	Took the family out to see a Suns game last night. This place is not to bad, but you have to realize. I have been to the Staple Center  and the The Honda Center many times! Loved the parking! We parked next door on top, walked right through the double doors into the Center!! The wife and I had 4 hot dogs, 1-large diet soda, 1-med popcorn, and a kit kat bar! Only $17.00, not too bad! Other then that, nothing special. The product(Suns) are nothing special, the arena is just plain. But we still had a good time!
4	Harsh to say, but I hate arenas. The only time I go is to see s concert, show or special event as I'm not an arena-type sports fan. Last night's event was Cirque du Soleil's Michael Jackson-The Immortal Tour. I have to say as far as arenas go, the US Airways Center is pretty amazing.  Entering and exiting are easy-peasy. It didn't feel overly crowded and parking was plentiful in outdoor lots or the adjacent indoor multi-story connected building.  There's a Starbucks on site, which was like heaven to me . . . I wanted a nice hot tea to savor through the show, There are other well-known food concessions throughout the arena, as well as some fairly comfortable seating areas to pass the time until the powers that be allow you to go to your seat.Since we were sitting in Section 102, first row, we were in the makeshift seats (the same as they put on the floor, foldables with no real back support.  This was probably the only negative for me as after about an hour, my lower back was killing me (and I still feel it this morning!).  But . . . the seats were wonderful for viewing the show.  Couldn't have been better.  Sound quality was what you'd expect in an arena not built specifically for music, so I didn't have high expectations. I have to say that I am very impressed by the US Airways Center and all the "nightmare" worries that I had about entering the building, exiting the building, finding something I wanted to drink, and of course, parking, were something I didn't have to be anxious about at all!  Bravo!
4	I went to a few Suns games recently and got to check out this stadium. It is rather clean and has a fresh style. The concourse is huge and has some odd and extravagant things, such as a full-size kids arcade and a few bar/restaurants. There are lots of souvenir and concessions located in the stadium, which makes lines small and getting things fast. The are also diffent varieties of concessions available at different places. I noticed that the upper level of the stadium has less traffic and crowding, so it may be a better place to go to the restrooms or shops. The view of the court is pretty good from anywhere in the stadium.
4	I love our arenas! Seriously, we have amazing sports arenas and this one was too! I had nice seats which always helps. I am not a big fan of all the stuff they do at games with dancers and contests and mascots, but whatever, you have to put up with that crap. I don't even like basketball that much but the stadium was really nice and clean and lots of selection on food and drinks-which is important to ME! Lol. I was upgraded to one of the suites and the suite was very nice too. Highly recommend meeting someone that has suite tickets and then get them to invite you up! Bathrooms clean, staff very helpful. I look forward to going again.
4	My first SUNS game since I moved back to Phoenix. Even though our seats were way up in the stadium, looking around it was obvious that there were no bad seats in the house. The stadium was clean, the security was tight, the customer service was available everywhere you turned. And the stadium is right downtown Phoenix. Parking wasn't a hassle - - easy in and easy out.  The game was well-matched. All in all it was a great way to spend an evening. Well, besides the fact that the SUNS lost and I ate way too much food.
4	My friend and I went to see the Lakers play the Suns at the US Airways Center. I love that the center is surrounded by lots of great bars and restaurants. It is a 2 minute walk from the light rail drop off - VERY convenient.The arena is on the small side. I would say maybe 1/2 the size of Staples Center in Los Angeles.  I sat  in the 200 section and I was 8 rows from the back wall so it's quite small and you pretty much have a decent view.  I was shocked to see that 40% of their fans were wearing Lakers gear - I didn't realize Phoenix had a lot of transplants.  I can't say that the stadium is the best out there but it was nice.
4	I have seen quite a few games & concerts at US Airways Center, and now having the light rail, it makes getting into and out of downtown Phoenix so much easier! Plus with a game ticket you can ride for free, up to 4 hours before to 4 hours after the event for FREE!!! And the train stops are walking distance from the arena.  Never a bad time at US Airways Center
3	This arena MIGHT be reviewed higher if Sir Charles was still playing, but I digress. My friend Cynthia and I caught the Clippers vs Suns game over the weekend.   US Airways Center seemed smaller compared to Staples Center.   The ushers I encountered were nice throughout the evening.I have TWO bones to pick with this arena:First - the beer guys walking throughout the arena did not have a sign as to how much their product was.  That's just bad business in my opinion.Two - Your "security" needs to learn how to count.  I get you have to tell people THREE times before you eject someone from their seat, but I was only TWICE.(Disclaimer:  #2 may or may not have happened to me during my visit)
5	I've gone to see games and "Disney on Ice" type of events at this stadium.I've sat in some "ok" seats, VIP seating, and even got lucky and was treated to seats in one of the luxury boxes a couple of times.  Every seat I've had there was pretty good.By admission, I am a Golden State Warriors fan, and as such I can't complain.  There are plenty of GSW fans in the audience at US Airways Center.  The prices of tickets, parking, and food are much less expensive than other out-of-state venues I've been to.  The ease of parking and flow of traffic is light-years better than most major cities.Also, there's a lot less "crazies" at this arena than other arenas.  I feel totally safe at US Airways Center.
4	Went here last night for the Suns vs. Clippers game and had a blast.  I've been here  for a concert and other games, and have always enjoyed each outing.  Although not as big as the Staples Center in LA, it's a decent size...feels more "intimate", if such can be described of a stadium full of people. Parking next to the stadium was $15, but as my friends and I had drinks and appetizers at Thai'd Up before the game, we left our cars parked at Central/Adams, which was less than three blocks from the stadium (free meter parking after 5pm).  The stadium was clean, brightly lit, and security was everywhere - so we felt safe.  During the three hour game, our group of six grabbed some pizzas and wings to share -  and some Patron margaritas (about $8 each).  The game last night was awesome - such a close game, with the Suns ultimately winning by three points.
2	Spent north of $1200 for simple food in one of their boxes last week. After charging me a %20 "service fee" on the food, they ask for a %15 tip as well. Going to the ball park next time.
5	We parked across the arena in a public parking lot where the attendant attracted us by waving a flourescent flag signaling us to see the $8 public parking sign.  He/she directs you where to park since it is completely dark, but rather safe. You pay him up front and he will have change readily available.  We attended the Phoenix Suns vs Detroit Pistons game on a Friday and the crowd was very lively and enthusiastic about their Suns. (I was incognito, rooting for the Pistons).  Food selection is great, lots of snacks and alcohol.  I purchased a hat and t-shirt from the merchandise store and after the game we snapped a picture near the supersized PHX SUNS basketball outside.
4	I love this arena...maybe I am biased since I am a diehard Suns fan and a downtown resident, but it really is a nice facility.  The Suns games are always well put together...great announcer, great dancers, great entertainment, and great concessions.I attended the last game of the season in a suite Wednesday night and was impressed with the space and the food...actually quite good!
2	Came here last week to see the Greatest Show on Earth. Since I get to travel a lot I have had the opportunity to go to many different venues. Sorry Phoenix this "ain't" it. I think its time for the Suns to get better and maybe demand a better arena. Two and half of these would fit into my Mavericks/ Stars AA Center. OK I am biased.Because of the size of the place I can see it being pretty good for concerts.Why the two stars? Not because I'm from Dallas, or I'm not a Suns fan, but THERE IS NO GOOD FOOD SELECTION. I can handle the small, the older arena, the tight space surrounded by rude inconsiderate people, the tiny seats etc.By God, with the nice food selection that the Phoenix area offers, you would think someone local would be here and offer up some tasty treats. I was appalled when people ran up in droves to pay for crap which they called food.I have no problem paying for over priced food, but not when its Crap and I walked around the entire place.I will have a hard time coming back here no matter how GREAT the Greatest show on earth was and is!
5	This venue is definitely SMALL which I personally love since every seat is better.  I came here last night for the Arena Football League championship game between the AZ Rattlers and the Utah Blaze for a place in the Arena Bowl.  Maybe it was the fact that the family friendly dedicated fans are amazing, or the fact that it's arena football (which I've never been to), but I felt that this venue is expertly managed.  The music at the game was great, they kept the energy going all night long, and the decor of the arena speaks to the neighborhood friendly arena.  It may not be as big and sparkly as several other venues, but it's one that's right up my alley.  Plus, traffic coming out is worlds better than Staples Center in LA or Oracle Arena in Oakland.  I can't wait until I can come back here for a concert!
4	Nice, large, serves the purpose, pretty clean... what else is there to say ;)
4	I love going to sporting events and one of my favorite places to go is Us Airways for them! It could be because I am a huge Suns and Mercury fan but I would like it if all the AZ sporting events were here. Why? Because it is centrally located! I like that it is fairly clean (depending on what you are going to see) and kids friendly. I am also a fan of how many eating establishments there are near by now.
4	Go Phoenix Suns
3	This arena is pretty good. The staff is usually friendly and about all of the views are good. I'm giving it 3 stars instead of 5 because the seats are on the small side. I've got a lot of junk in the trunk going on, and the seats can be snug. Seating in the lower level is awesome if you can afford the price that your event is, otherwise, try to get the front row of the second level. It's worth a few more dollars than anything above it.My other star delition was for the food selection. It's not the best. I mean, yes I get that I am going to over pay because I'm at an arena, but I don't even have good options to choose from.A great thing about this is that if you have tickets to any US Airways Center event, you get to ride the light rail for free that day. And it's a really close walk. I made my grandparents walk it, and my grandma who walks a little slower was able to do it.Oh, and go Suns!
5	I enjoyed the game at US Airways Center; it is a very family and fan friendly arena and sports experience right in Downtown Phoenix.  I have no reason to believe that the franchise will not rebuild and be a contender for the title again in the near future.  --- I went here last month from LA to see my Clippers at Suns!!! This is a first class organization and arena!!! I have been to STAPLES Center many many times; the ushers are very rude even if you have floor seats!!! THE STAFF MEMBERS ON GAME NIGHT AT US AIRWAYS CENTER ARE AMAZING!!!! Great arena, great people, DSLR  camera friendly, fan + family friendly!!! More pics here: http://promotagged.com/?p=966
4	Went here for the WWE Royal Rumble, and for the Fanfest/VIP stuff the night before. This is a pretty nice arena. Our seats for the Rumble were fantastic, and the line of sight and acoustics were both good. One issue I had though was the imbalance of prices between food and beer. Beer is RIDICULOUSLY expensive here, even by stadium/arena standards. $11.50 for a Blue Moon ... you have to be kidding me! Food, on the other hand, is reasonably priced, with a nice variety of options. I got a pretty decent cheesesteak for a $7 - I've paid more for worse in a regular restaurant. And the chicken fingers/fries combo was ample and worth the $8 (Yes, I was hungry). I imagine this is a great place to catch a NBA game ... too bad the Suns suck.
4	A cool place where thousands of basketball fans can gather, watch the game, and leave without flooding local traffic for miles like Westgate does. Came here trashed for a Suns/Lakers game, and was happy the seats in row 14 didn't completely suck for someone with super long legs like myself.I don't know much about arena management, but with zero hassle, US Airways is doing it right. A lucky win and rowdy crowds make it comfortable enough to watch my favorite team and enjoy every minute!Protip: Parking is easy if you just stop a half mile (northwest) away.
3	For a concert venue that's not really a concert venue, this is still a pretty good place to see a show.  I appreciate the fact that we are not limited to the old school arena fare of hot dogs and nachos.  There's at least one decent bar and lots of yummy food (at arena prices of course but hey!  You're at a concert).
3	Last night, I attended my first Suns game since moving to Phoenix in late November, so this was my first visit to US Airways Center. It's definitely a smaller arena but it's clean and the staff is very friendly. Concession prices were around the national average ($5 for a pretzel, $8 for a Grey Goose + pineapple). I sat in sec 108, row 22 and thought I had a very good view of the game. Again, it's a smaller arena so I can't imagine there are really any bad seats. Considering the arena was only around 2/3 full, the crowd was still loud and "into" the game (as in, people were there for the basketball, not to people watch or "to be seen"). It's a nice arena, don't get me wrong; it's just nothing special. Parking was DEFINITELY overpriced and it would have been nice if there were handicapped parking spots near the elevator (my mom's disabled and I didn't like that she had to walk across half the parking garage just to get to the elevator). Sidenote: My review might have been affected by the game itself, which was also nothing special (I'm a hockey fan so it's hard for me to get excited about a regular season basketball game featuring two teams near the bottom of the Western Conference).
3	The seats are ridiculous. I am 6'0"and my boyfriend is 6'3" and we barely fit.  This place needs to be redone for tall people.  It's not like humans are getting shorter?
4	Saw a concert here. There's various parking options open (Garages or lots. Close-by lot parking was $15). We went the cheaper route and used the park-and-ride, taking the light rail, which has a stop very close to the center.Seating was comfortable (Although for the greater part of the show we stood). There were various options for food at the concession booths, in addition to various vendors walking around selling beer, water, soda, and foods such as rice krispy treats and cotton candy. I even saw a guy with a margarita backpack, ready to pump out margaritas for anyone with the desire for an on-the-spot drink.One thing that's cool here is that there's a mobile charging station for those that need to charge your phone. They have micro USB ports as well as iphone ports.Overall, a good place to see a concert!
5	For being a gigantic venue, they really have their stuff together. All the staff know where everything is, management is helpful, and ticket scanners, seaters, and will call folks are all incredibly patient. Much love!
1	Saw Eric Clapton 03-15-13 and had a terrible time. The reason was the sound system. US Airways Center has the worst sound system I've ever heard for the money spent. no bass, mids way too boomy. I could hardly tell it was music let alone actually hear anything. The sound was so bad that I feel they ripped me off. Had a terrible time.
4	wow this theater is pretty big and nice! Saw the Muse concert here this past Saturday and it has very clean restrooms and a different concession stands - even though my bf had VIP tickets to the lounge with complimentary dinner, I still noted that they had a good selection of concession stands because they had Cold Stone Creamery and that's rare that I see that in venues - at least the ones that I have been to. But of course the prices are still high - but options are nice. The complimentary dinner that came with the VIP Tickets - not sure if it was part of the venue or not but it was pretty darn good  all you can eat  three types of meatballs, there was salad, bread, vegetable quesadilla and grilled mozzarella caprese. Our seats were on the front row on the left side of the stage - super duper close! Nice to be able to overlook the pit at such a close range. the seats weren't too bad to sit on but we stood most of the time anyways. Overall everything was pretty awesome - Muse, food, company and venue.
5	Tickets to Phoenix Suns games are cheaper than the large beer in a cup at the arena. $10 tickets and $10.50 brews. I used to watch this arena on TV for years when the Suns were good and I was living elsewhere. It seems less orange in person, maybe some of the seats should be painted orange too. If you know the area, you will know not too pay for parking either. After 5pm, meters are free and obviously on the Sunday I went no charge. Try parking at 5th and monroe street. Inside the arena is pretty nice, I had a great view from the upper deck, but cmon Suns, do you really need ushers kicking people out of upper level seats. Give somebody a tiny bit of power and see what they do with it. Of course, I'm stealthy and uncatchable, so no senior citizen usher is telling me where to sit. Anyway, my team, the Brooklyn Nets won and overall a good, no hassle experience. If the Suns ever get good again, it will be worse to attend. Oh yeah, good entertainment also at least on this day. It was the gorilla's birthday and a ton of mascots were there celebrating and also the trampoline dunkers were cool and the 8 year-old girl who sang the anthem was top notch.
4	Superb venueUSAC hosted Disney on Ice in April 2013.  Had a great experience with my little girl.  Location is easy to get to with convenient parking at multiple sites surrounding the arena.  The Diamondbacks ball field is across the block.  Venue has open and getting to your seats is a breeze.  Nice staff, as well.Only knock is their hotdogs smell like ham that's been sitting out.  Had to pass on the meal because it was so off-putting.  Didn't stop us (and a BAJILLION little girls) from enjoying the show though.
5	I do not frequent stadium venues but compared to the ones I have been to, this one is pretty nice!!  Pretty much anywhere in the house you can get pretty decent seats.  I would pick seats that are located in front of the entry way to the seats and not behind it and would also avoid the nosebleeds.  Other than that, anywhere should be decent.
5	Despite being around for 20 years now, US Airways Center remains a great place to see a game, concert, or other special event.I've been here numerous times over the years and always had a great time. Most recently I attended the Fleetwood Mac concert and before that a Suns-Pacers Game.There's really not a bad seat in the house, restrooms and food are conveniently located throughout the building and while the ladies room often has a line at the end of an event, when everyone is leaving at once, according to my wife, its generally not too bad.Unlike other cities that built arenas on the cheap and now have to shell out hundreds of millions of dollars to build new arenas or risk losing their team (cough, cough, Sacramento), Phoenix should be proud that US Airways Center was built right to begin with and the City has continued to maintain and make improvements throughout its history. Now if the Suns can just turn things around...
3	Just a heads up if you show up early for an event there are no public restrooms. You have to hike it over across the street to the location by Paradise Bakery to go to the bathroom. Not good when you have little kids for that reason. The bathrooms are never the cleaniest compared to other sporting venues. Of course I keep going back because there is always great shows here!
5	This is a great place to go for concerts and sporting events. My first time here was for an NSYNC concert back in 2002 and despite having upper-level seats, we could see and hear everything just fine. There's not a bad seat in this place!This time, I was here with friends for a Phoenix Mercury game. Fry's was giving away tickets and my friend and I were given Suite tickets! The Suite Level is awesome, but the drawback on this night was the fact no food or concession stands were open on our level so my friend had to go to the Main Concourse to get food.We could see and hear everything just fine and I got a lot of pictures. The lighting, however, was dim so pictures came out dim but still decent.Great venue and I know i'll be back for more games and concerts.
1	Friends don't let friends fly US airways . . . Seriously!! Pay the $10 $20 $50 for a better airline horrible customer service not even offered a food voucher for their mistake that has me here waiting til 641pm got here at 9am o_O
4	Time for a review update.  Since my last review, I've come to several Suns games, Rattlers games, concerts, and a NCAA Sweet 16.  This arena is a great place to watch these events.They have Cold Stone &  Streets of NY Pizza in the concession stands.  The parking is easy in/out when you park in any of the parking garages surrounding the arena.  After the event, you can go to one of many bars in the surrounding area.  We'll keep coming back.Return Factor - 100%
3	One time, this place held a very special part in my heart. One time. Since then, I have a ton of sour grapes lying around, and US Airways is a continuous reminder of "what used to be"...~What to Do~Evidently US Airways has the best act recruiter in the state, because they get and retain all the biggest acts for musical events...and I mean the biggest acts. They of course, are the sports home to the Phoenix Suns, Phoenix Mercury, and Arizona Rattlers...They also hold periodic local events throughout the year.~The Good~Hey, even before the renovations they did to the place 6 or so years ago, it was a fun cookie-cutter NBA stadium that fit the city's needs. Seats around the stadium all have good sight-lines, nothing obstructs views. The stadium has the ability to be switched into a hockey rink, basketball court, football field, and concert venue at any given time. It is considered the main entertainment venue in Central Phoenix due to the high-end acts provided there, and varieties of activities.~The Bad~Well, back to my sour grapes. I loved my Roadrunners hockey, and after the team left, the complex never took down all the Runners' signage...I was left with consistent reminders of my now defunct team for a good 4+ YEARS AFTER they left. Who is so lazy, as to not take down signage like that? Also, the acoustics in the place are not even 1/10th that of Jobing . com Arena....their music system and acoustical layout FAR exceeds that of US Airways...yet they get all the big acts because the scheduler definitely knows who they need to know....Also, the food stands suck. Really lame food. Once again, 1/10th as good as Jobing's wide variety.~The Down Low~Its generic to the core. I hold some great memories of America West....I still call it America West... Just like most locals will call Chase Field "BOB". It reminds me consistently of what used to be, all the great teams and fun times....I don't see any fun times at this place these days. They need to overhaul the amenities and provide us better quality product (both on the court and in the food areas). I probably will come to see the Rattlers play, but thats about it...I will eat outstide the arena, because the food is better and cheaper. Simple to the point. 3 stars for gigs they put on, seating arrangements, and local amenities. I miss the 90's....those were good times here... blah.
5	Love this venue. There are some really reasonably priced hotels within walking distance, and plenty of bars/clubs between which make for a perfect bar crawl to the venue. (You can hit the Crescent Ballroom, Seamus McCaffrey's, and Copper Blue, to name only a few...)...We came here to see NIN and found the venue to be clean, staffed by really friendly people, and well organized. Lots of stands set up for drinks/food/merchandise and plenty of water fountains and bathrooms. The acoustics were great and the show was amazing.
4	Great stadium, weak fan backing like every other losing team, but good food/beverage options and every seat has a good view.
4	3.5 stars. I've been here to see Jason Mraz last year, and Beyonce last night! Love that there is plenty of parking options nearby, surprisingly too since this area is so packed! I've never had to pay more than 10 bucks when parking in the lots outside the stadium. The venue is big, comparable to the Honda Center in Anaheim, but not as big as some of the Las Vegas venues (smaller than the MGM grand) or Staples center. Maybe that's why the ticket prices are always higher here, because its a slightly smaller venue so supposedly you get a better view. I like that there are a lot of restaurants in the area that are in walking distance. It's nice to have options for dinner before or after the concerts. Since Chase field is right next door, I can imagine it gets crazy busy during game days. Not my favorite venue but I'll probably be back here for concerts because it's the closest to my apartment!
5	I've gone here for many different events and the stadium never fails. Everything is so big and nice, even the bathrooms are nice! The seats are not rock hard like other stadiums. Parking is everywhere around the place and theres always spots so you don't have to walk far.
4	For a concert arena it was really big and I liked it. Afterwards it got very crowded and I felt a bit uncomfortable. Overall- nice place.
5	We had a wonderful time at US Airways Center watching a Suns home game. We drove from California and stayed in a hotel in downtown Phoenix...walking distance to the arena. We didn't have to deal with traffic since we were on foot, so I cannot comment on that. We arrived an hour before game time and there was no line at entry. NBA store was stocked and the employees were very helpful. As far as food, my husband and I only had a hotdog each (the $3 ones) and they were great! Beers were a little pricey, $11 for a tall can of Dos Equis. No lines in the women's restroom, even at half-time!All in all it was an excellent experience and we will definitely be returning!!
5	Saw a concert here, a Disney show, and a couple of basketball games! Love the spacious venue and every seat In the house seemed like a good seat! Staff is helpful when looking for an exit or the bathrooms, concession is pricey but what do you expect from a big arena like this one? I enjoy coming here, parking is a breeze, wether you park in their garage or an outside lot, it's easy to find and cheap!! :) can't wait for the next event I come here to see!
4	No bad seat here. I mean large venues like this are meant to hold a lot of people. Bought last minute tickets to see beyonce at the box office. The lady there assisted me and was patient with me trying to get cheap tickets. She did her research to make sure we got the best deal!  We were good to go and we got what we paid for.
5	Go Suns!US Airways has always been a fantastic venue. I have seen concerts and Suns games here. On my most recent visit I attended the Suns/76ers game.On this particular trip the tickets we had enabled us to eat/drink in Blue Moon Lounge which was fun.It really doesn't matter where you sit as there are a lot of choices for concessions and  the seats are comfortable. Considering the crowd size there is never an overwhelming wait for the ladies room. As others have mentioned, there is no shortage of night life downtown after a game or concert at US airways.
4	Excellent arena...I like that Customer relations will be able to hold your stroller (if you go with your baby)...
4	I'm from Los Angeles and a die-hard Laker fan. But I have to give props when it's due and the Phoenix Suns is a great sports team with even better fans. The overall vibe at the game I attended was fantastic, and unlike fans in LA, most of the fans for the Suns genuinely felt like they were there to support their team. I guess it's because Phoenix isn't as big as LA but I really appreciated how everyone was so happy to be there, and people actually watched the game!I hate the Suns, but I give major props to the organization and it's fans. Phoenix is one great sports town!
5	I love this place!I really feel like the view & sound from nearly all seats is good (I've been on all levels, lol). There are different vendors that sell food and drinks in the halls past ticketing. The variety depends on the event. You'll find a normal mix of concession stand foods, and if you're lucky, Wendell's Pretzels will have a stand. Alcoholic beverages are normally sold. They are not big on mixed drinks or coffee options, but you're in downtown Phoenix..... Once you walk out you have lots of options, so just have a beer or a coke and bide your time ;) Parking is EASY. It's literally surrounded. If you've never been it's easy to get scared when you're driving up because you start to see EVENT PARKING signs blocks away, but fear not! There is plenty of parking directly across the street North and West of the building. You do have to pay for parking, of course, but it's normally no more than you would have had to pay if you'd parked 3 blocks away :)My only gripe? Starbucks has been removed from the entrance and replaced with a burger joint :( It boggles the mind, I know!
4	After living in Phoenix for three and a half years, last night was the first time I made it to a Sun's game.  There are many reasons, but I will name a few.  First, they have perpetually sucked.  Sporting events aren't very entertaining when the home crowd doesn't put on a good show.  Second, pro basketball is probably fourth on my list of favorite sports to watch.  Third, until recently, this part of downtown Phoenix wasn't necessarily a great place to spend a Friday night.I can say that I had a blast last night.  The team played great, and they were playing the Mavericks so I got to see Mark Cuban (probably my favorite entrepeneur from Shark Tank) cheer his team on to the slim victory.  The concessions were reasonable, but not as well priced as at the Diamondbacks games, and the staff was friendly and helpful.I would say outside of the game, the highlight was hands down the "Dancing Dads" - or 25 overweight white guys dancing to hip hop in t-shirts and shorts.  Without a question, the most awkward white guys twerking in unison I've ever seen.  The kiss cam is always entertaining, and it seemed like the entire crowd had a great time.  If you live in Phoenix, and you enjoy people watching, you should go see a game or two, I had a great time!
2	I went to a concert 1/18/14.  The bands were great.  However, the sound was ridiculously loud to the point of hurting your ears.  I have been to many other venues around the state, but this stands out and we had to leave early.  Save your money and your ears.
4	This is home for Phoenix Suns, love everything here.  All signs are clear and staffs are friendly and knowledgeable.  Parking has been the problems since sometimes it's difficult finding a close lots.  But you do get to ride the light rail for free for all events being held at USAC.
4	First visit to Phoenix & first-time watching basketball game! It was fun. Very clean city  (yes.. I am from NY) & a very kind parking attendant as well. I don't think I will ever get that level of kindness from parking attendant in Manhattan.
5	I like this venue a lot. It's huge and there is tons of seating, so it's a really amped up experience.I have seen Justin Timberlake here and the Backstreet Boys back in the day. Both shows were great with awesome pyrotechnics, stage displays and stunts.
5	I went here for a WWE Raw showing in 2012. We didn't have to wait too long and got in pretty fast. People were helpful to show us where to go. The snack bar was alright- I wasn't a fan of the nachos and I am a HUGE nacho person. They do sell snacks and drinks during the show as well. Overall very happy with the place.
4	Love going here. Go Suns! We have attended many events and games here. Had a awesome time. Food and drinks are pricey though.
3	My first trip to this stadium for a Suns/Clippers game. Nice energy. Good views of the court all around. $10 parking. Happenin' downtown to spill out into after the game. What more can you want? Suns lost to the Clips on this night (3/4), but beat OKC the next night. Go figure.
5	Super clean venue! Always remember to go early to get your food before the start of the game, a few minutes before the half and possibly towards the end! The wife and I grabbed some custom jerseys as we! I'm pretty sure we've adopted the suns as our new nba team
4	Last minute tickets for the Cher concert got us bad nose bleed section seats. Section 220 row 11....you can barely see the stage because it's so far away, and unfortunately you only see the side stage, and the big screens. Not the fault of the arena. But, if you're afraid of heights, don't sit all the way up there....the rows have a huge incline.Other than that, we had a great time. Seats were as comfy as they were going to get for an arena. Sound and lights were good. Bathrooms super clean and big, fair amount of concessions for beer, water and sodas. A couple of food concessions too.Security was great....lines weren't that bad to get in, lots of personnel and security presence. The a/c was working really well, but of course it wasn't 110 degrees outside either.All in all, good venue....seen better and worse.
4	Okidoke. So I went here with a friend to go see Jeff Dunham. We got our tickets at the absolute laaaaaast minute and contacted the disability services office to set up interpreters. Normally, when you go to a venue and use interpreters, you need a few weeks to make sure accommodations are all set up and everything goes well. The director of disability services had a few days to make all the accommodations work... no easy task. However, she was AMAZING. She hired the interpreters right away and got our seats switched to the appropriate seating. The only  reason why they get 4 stars instead of 5 is we were really far from the stage (which may be because we waited so long to get tickets). In fact, we are going to another show in the fall here because of her awesomeness. We will be sat in the same area again, but that's because of the tickets we are buying.I HIGHLY recommend anyone with accommodation needs go to an event here. I have been to a myriad of venues and not one has been as willing to work with me as this one.
2	I checked online before the concert and it said: "Sealed water bottles (1 litre or smaller) allowed in building."It's 100+ degrees outside. We had just walked from our car to the venue. On our way through security, they told us we couldn't bring our sealed water bottles in. Are you kidding me? It's WATER. They took them away and were rude and sarcastic the whole time. We go inside, and US Airways Center is charging 6 DOLLARS for a water bottle. A 20 OUNCE WATER BOTTLE. If that's not highway robbery, I don't know what is. I'm in the wrong business - I need to team up with the arena and start selling water. I would make a fortune, I'm sure. I'm surprised they aren't charging for toilet paper in that place.
1	Of course the Billy Joel Concert on June 1st was super-awesome featuring probably one of the most creative musicians to ever be born on this planet.  Those fingers on the keyboard were nothing but utterly amazing not to mention listening to those great lyrics that he created.  But let's talk about the US Airways Center AND the selling of beverages.  I could understand scamming people into buying a 10.50 beer because you ARE at a concert and that's what you do.  BUT------ BUT-----  $6.00 for a bottle of water??? That is beyond the pale of greed--- People in Phoenix heat NEED water before they dehydrate.  The body in these Phoenix temperatures is in a constant state of dehydration even after being in the arena.  I would pay 3.50 for water still knowing that the greed factor is in play, but realizing that my body (our bodies) need water.  So scam up the beer, the liquor, the food (that's a whole other review), but don't scam the water. Not in PHOENIX.
5	Go Suns Go!!!!
1	Lady Gaga concert.   Never ever again.   Ridiculous techno music for 2 plus hours.   Tickets said 7:30 and while I understand concerts don't start on time, this is egregious.
5	Here to protect the pit! Rattlers first playoff game. Parking in the US Airways garage is passes only, and the other garage is $12. Lots $15 to park.
3	Been here a couple of times with WWE and overall it's a decent arena. Great staff and from what I saw from the concourse the seating looks great. There's not a bad seat in the house. Crowd is always fired up here for events. My only negative is that I think this is one of the arenas that is a pain in the butt to leave after events.
4	saw the rattlers here. Great stadium, decent food, every seat has a good view of the arena.
4	I came here a few nights ago for the Carnivores Tour. 1st, I thought that it was super cool that I got to ride the light rail for the first time & it was free! (I love freebies!)  Apparently, if you have a ticket to an event at the US Airways center, you can ride the Metro Valley Light Rail for free that day, starting 4 hours prior to show time, until the end of the day.  Just be prepared to show your physical ticket if asked. Concert parking is always nerve-wracking and expensive, so I was very appreciative of this stress-free option. Keep in mind, if the event runs past 11pm, the furthest east you'll be able to travel is 44th & Washington. Large venue with an excellent sound system. Jared's (30 STM) acoustic set and Linkin Park's everything sounded amazing! Large pit area; nice for moshing.  The stage is a little weird.  I'm used to the stage extending a little further out towards the audience, but it was pretty far back.I was looking forward to trying G'rill Dogs vegan options after reading a Yelp friend's review, but they were closed the whole night. :(  There were some Mexican food options which served salsa and guac as vegan options, however, I opted for a stadium pretzel which was so hard and stale that you could stone one to death if thrown. They may want to ban those from the auditorium. I ended up throwing it, & therefore my $5 away. $6 bottled water, which did not go to waste. I don't know if I lucked up or not, but I didn't have to walk far to find a restroom.It wasn't as huge as you'd think for that size venue, but there was no line so I didn't have to wait. Security was in full effect and I felt safe waiting at the light rail station after midnight. Also, when I was purchasing the tickets for this event, on the 1st day of sale, my ticket window guy was awesome! He snagged the area/section that I wanted and set me up with an account so that if my tickets were lost or stolen I'd be able to get a re-print. Sweet!
5	This is a great venue for watching sporting events and concerts. Located in the heart of downtown Phoenix, with a multitude of places to eat and drink. Parking is easy to find although depending on what is going on that particular night it can get a little pricey. We have paid $20 to park, usually $10-15.  They have new security rules so I avoid taking a purse in if possible. But it's not too bad if you have to bring one.  We have never waited more than a couple minutes to get in.
4	The facility is lovely and evry time you go i. You see the magnitude of it.  The tour I didi showed the new locker room, practice room and workout equipment.   It is a nice arena for the games and a good  concert venue.
4	I went to this venue for the Carnivore's tour last month and was really pleased with my experience again. This time when I went, we were in a slightly different section and the lighting was WAY better. The line of sight to the show was great, and although I'd prefer to be closer to the stage, it was a great experience. Awesome show, great accommodations.
5	This is an arena. They have so many seats it's crazy. You've never seen so many seats. They also have really big TVs. It's really fun and nicer than a lot of other arenas. Except when the Suns lose, then it's just a really big room filled with a lot of really sad people.
4	I came to Phoenix on September 10, 2014 for the Carnivores Tour...AFI, 30 a Seconds to Mars, and Linkin Park. I was there as a VIP through Adventures in Wonderland. I can say that parking was close, easy, and cheap. It wasn't as hot outside as I'd been expecting and the AC in this venue really works!  I could have used a hoodie!  If rather be too cool than too hot though so that isn't a complaint. The band that had me as a guest were all wearing layers of clothing...even hoodies with the hoods up! The public areas I saw were all very clean. I spent 95% of my time backstage, in a dressing room, or on the stage. These are not public areas but they were clean and easily accessible. The private bathrooms in the dressing room was large and had a shower...probably a necessity for sweaty performers. I was in a wheelchair and everything was easily accessible for me and there are many areas in the venue specifically for people with disabilities. There were lots of food options including beer/wine. All in all, this was a great venue and a great show!
5	For my wife Debbie's birthday I got tickets to Fleetwood Mac.even though we had a nosebleed seating, it was absolutely amazing! The organization and the view was awesome! There were so many festivities taking place all around and it was clean and very well organized. we chose to drive to a park-and-ride and take the light rail to the arena. It was a great choice! :-)It was fun to be on the light rail with so many other people also going to the Fleetwood Mac concert!
4	Went here for a UFC Event and was pleasantly surprised! There was plenty of room, lots of restrooms, lots of food and beer booths and security.  The facilities were clean and security quickly broke up the Affliction meatheads and bro hoes that got into drunken brawls! Bathrooms could use a privacy divider for the men's room urinals.... I'm not homophobic, but seriously, there was enough meat hanging in the open to fill a butcher shop!
5	Enjoyed the Suns VS Bucks last night! Great game even if Suns lost the last 3.5 seconds of the game. Bummed.
4	Came here for a Suns game with a large group of people (20+). I was incredibly surprised how easily we were able to get in. There was no hassle at all. I wasn't expecting stellar seats for the game considering the price of the tickets. I spent double the tickets price on beer. If I had to complain it would be about the price of beer but I was expecting the prices to be sky high in the arena.
5	I attended Fleetwood Mac concert for the 1st time on December 10, 2014, where I was just behind the floor 'pit' on the incline front / center: Section 108, Row 6, Seat 4.  US Airways Center did a professional job accompanying the event.  Security and the ushers/usherettes were polite; just so you know to hide your water bottle ;)  You have to walk through security (like the airport) with your arms up; just don't wear too many metals ;)  Take the Metro Light Rail for free(!) up to a few hours before showtime- just show your event ticket when asked on the train (you'd be surprised to meet many people on it also going to the same event ).  The venue was large & spacious enough to accompany an event of this 'magnitude' (i.e. veteran rock concerts); however, the seats were small and walking the aisles to get to your seats were very narrow that some had to get up and stand back with chairs folding back up for others to walk by to their seats.  the inclines all around can feel a bit steep for those afraid of heights.  The sound system was at a comfortable level that it didn't break your eardrums.  The air conditioner was set on and the more people filled up, the more it did get a little warm.  I did not eat or park there so I won't review them; I'm too cheap and wouldn't dare engage in Highway Robbery with them- just eat a big meal before the show at home or somewhere else cheaper ;)  The Merchandise windows were big enough for me to view what souvenir to purchase.  The restroom was clean.All-in-all, I wouldn't mind attending future events there- as long it was something I'd want to see badly!
5	had a great experience at this stadium. It's huge and very accommodating! I was here with a group of 25 other people and took only 10minutes to get in. The security lines were fast and finding our seats were a breeze. Very controlled and well organized!!
