1	The owner of this company, Steven Latsch, also owns a contracting business called SDCI, which we will be reviewing separately; this review is about our experience with Par Plumbing.  Mr. Latsch was out of town when we realized that his partner at SDCI, Daniel Cooney, had neglected to properly install our toilet in the master bathroom; that negligence resulted in very nearly bringing down the ceiling in our garage.  His employees were extremely rude and initially refused to contact him on his very important business trip (he left no one in charge while he was gone).  After threatening his employees that we would file another complaint with the Registrar of Contractors against SDCI, Mr. Latsch was finally contacted, and later that day he dispatched a plumber to the job site to fix the toilet leak.  A week later, when Mr. Latsch sent some SDCI employees to fix the ceiling, he tagged along and had an epiphany:  even  though the toilet Mr. Cooney installed was obviously leaking, it wasn't THAT leak which caused any damage...no, he insisted, the damage came from ANOTHER, DIFFERENT leak that SDCI was not responsible for.  When SDCI was hired to renovate our town home, a leak in the upstairs guest bathroom was discovered and most of the garage ceiling needed to be replaced.  Whatever leaks were present should have been searched for/discovered before they closed up the ceiling and assured us that our home was move-in ready.  Instead, the person who was fixing the cracked tiles for the  flooring subcontractor (CCFC)--who happened to be present on the day we noticed that there were enormous water bubbles in the ceiling which were about to burst--showed us that the toilet was leaking from the toilet ring.  What Mr. Latsch tried to say was that no water leaked into the floor/ceiling from the toilet...ummmm, then where did THAT water go????  So Mr. Latsch then proceeded to tell us that, out of the kindness of his heart, he had his employees fix a $2,000 leak for FREE.  The following week, Mr. Latsch didn't bother to show up OR call at the appointed time he was supposed be present for a follow-up inspection; nobody showed up at all.  We had to call him to remind him of the appointment HE scheduled, and he put us off until the next day.  When  will people like this realize that the CUSTOMER'S time is valuable, too?  And then he got mad at us because we didn't show him all of the respect he felt was his due for fixing his company's negligence "for free."  Then he announced that he wasn't going to follow up on the leak, and told us to go ahead and file another ROC complaint or get an attorney to force him finish the job.  At that time, he was asked to leave, but he didn't do so in a timely manner...just stood there defiantly as though it was HIS decision as to when he should/would leave.  These people, and the subcontractors they hired to renovate our home, are unprofessional, unreliable and negligent.  Hire them at your own risk.
1	This review is for the lady who answers their phone, Cheryl.  The plumber who came to fix our leaking shower head was fine, but he didn't have a receipt or invoice to leave so he stated he would ask the office to email one.  When we didn't receive one, I called and this lazy woman was completely rude as if I was bothering her to do her job,  Then she hung up on me. wth? This company is not even worth it. There's many others to choose from that doesn't include the rudeness with their service.
5	Par Plumbing has been my preferred plumbing contractor for over 20 years. Their techs are not only knowledgable but professional, punctual, trustworthy and courteous. The office staff goes above and beyond to make you feel like you are their most important client and your job is their top priority.  As a property manager,  Par has successfully completed over 5,000 jobs for me in the last 20 years.  No matter how big or small the job or time of day, they have the expertise and manpower to get it done.  Karen Bartholf, PLC
5	As a longtime customer of Par Plumbing I must recommend them to all seeking such services. Quality professional reliable work at an affordable price, outstanding customers service from the lovely ladies in the office to the knowledgable and trustworthy technicians. Keep up the good work guys, and thank you for taking care of all my plumbing needs.
