3	Alice Spring Chicken is good, chicken is moist and prepared well. The staff is a little pushy, they try to get you to order appetizers even after you tell them you don't want one, they continue on telling you which ones are good and which ones you should try bla bla bla. Food and service are alright
2	To me Outback Steakhouse is on par with Applebee's or TGIFriday's - nothing special.The food is okay, the atmosphere is okay, the service is okay. A friend of mine loves this place so the boyfriend and I went there for dinner. We all ordered steak. I ordered the outback special - a 6 oz steak with your choice of two sides - I chose fries and veggies. You get all this for $10. And guess what? It tastes like a $10 steak. I guess I've been spoiled at places like Mastro's and Morton's because this steak was not even in the same galaxy as steaks from those places. But it was $10 so I wasn't expecting it to be the best steak I've ever had either. Honestly, for a cheap piece of meat it was pretty okay. In retrospect I with I would have shelled out a few more bucks, maybe I would have gotten something a little better.All in all, Outback isn't horrible, it's just not great. It's a chain and you get what you pay for.
4	Streaks are delicious, Salads are superb, Great Service. My favorite steak house in and around the valley of the sun. Watch out cause they open at 4 so dont come for an early lunch. Highly recomend the Crab and streak combinations. Also the Grilled Prime rib is great. Fun festive and much more affordable than out back used to be back in the 90s.
2	Went with two friends for appetizers after a movie.  Service was great.  Food was eh.  The Alice Springs chicken quesadilla was good but something I felt you could get anywhere.  Besides chicken and cheese, it had mushrooms and bacon with a honey mustard dipping sauce.  The Kookaburra wings not so good.  Dry.  The Blueberry martini was tasty but lacking in alcohol and I'm a lightweight these days when it comes to alcohol.
1	First of all, maybe some of the "steaks" might be delicious.  But the "sirloin" is definitely not.I took my kids there last night for the first time ever, because the other place we wanted to eat was closed on Mondays (surprised) and OutBack was nearby.  /regret.My daughter had the "kids meal sirloin" and it was not good at all.  Dry, with very little flavor.  She disliked it so much she asked for steak sauce, which she never generally asks for.  THEN, the waiter forgot she asked, and I had to ask a different server to get her some A1.  My daughter's words:  "I can't believe any kids like this steak."My son had a garden salad with Ranch, and he liked that OK.  ( Hard to mess up a basic salad. )  He also liked his baked potato.  But he also had a sirloin, and did not like it much either.  Both kids had leftovers which I decided to take home, hoping maybe to add the steak to something else like a stew or soup.I had the filet  ( which was kinda like a prime rib cut ) with mushroom sauce, a baked sweet tater, and the vegetable medley, which was snap peas, yellow squash, carrots, and broccoli I think. It was decent, but definitely not worth $14.95.  The potato was the best thing on the plate.I had never really been impressed by OutBack the 2 or 3 times in my life I had eaten there, and this trip confirmed my suspicions.Will not go back - ever.  Overpriced and just not tasty food.
4	While I am not a huge fan of their food, I will drink almost anything, which is good because this Outback has some killer drink specials.  My wife and I went here for dinner a few weeks ago on a Saturday night.  The place was pretty busy but we were seated promptly.They have glasses of decent wine for like 2 bucks ($20 bottles) and martinis for like $3.  The alcohol wasn't premium grade but wasn't plastic bottle stuff either so it was a pretty good deal.I had a steak which was ok I guess and a wedge salad.  The wedge was excellent but they put some sort of sweet stuff in with the dressing I think.  Next time I would definitely order it without the sweet because then it would be an awesome salad.  To start we shared a shrimp on the barbie which was actually pretty good.I'm really not the hugest fan of this place, I will return because it is kinda close to my house, has ok food, and great drink specials.
5	Who cares if its a chain?  As far as bang for your buck is concerned, Outback has always been good in my book.  It was a packed house when we got there, so we sat at the bar and Paige was our bartender and she was great.  She helped us get the table we wanted quickly and was very friendly.  Blake was our server and he was great as well.  Food was all very tasty.  Had bloomin onion, filet with wild mushroom sauce, and prime rib.  While the prime rib was a little tough in some places, it was still very good overall.  Good prices, good food.
4	Outback is a chain resturant ~ so they have their formula perfected.  Each time we hav eaten at OUTBACK we have had a great dinner and good service.Lately each time we try to eat at OUTBACK there has been a 20 to 30 minute wait  ~ we don't always wait . .  .but it's wonderful to know that things are picking up and that there are quality resturants that have waiting line ~ to me this is a blessings.: )KC
4	Eating grilled chicken on the barbie makes me feel like a proper Aussie!The bloke who served us was a fair dinkum, great server!The tucker & grog where both grouse (aka: very good!) :)
4	I love the drinks they have here....And the deserts!!!--When you ask for a sampler size desert, they bring out this monstrous sized thing (for two) and charge sampler price. That is amazing. The steaks are alright. They need a little boost of je ne sais quoi. And the seasonal veggies are all year round veggies so it seems.But for the most part, good prices, decent food and fabulous drinks and deserts.You're going to leave nice and full and merry with not too much damage done to the wallet. You can't really go wrong.
4	For being a chain restaurant, I have an appreciation for what they do here.  My steaks have always been cooked perfectly, the coconut shrimp is delicious (I prefer is sans the sauce since it covers up the crisp and sweet flavor of the coconut too much for me), the servings are plentiful, and for the most part every time I've been here the service has been from decent to great.  Outback is clean, friendly, ample parking, and consistent food which is what I expect at a chain restaurant.  The wait tends to be a bit longer on the weekends, especially for dinner, but they are good at getting things moving.
2	Outback SteakhouseMultiple LocationsWith all the hype and advertising it was only natural to try Outback. It was a Tuesday night, and we were seated immediately. We chose not to have anything from the bar, and instead stayed non-alcoholic for the evening.Companion #1 ordered a bowl of potato soup. It arrived hot, with nice chunky potatoes sticking out of the soup along with large pieces of bacon. No complaints were heard. Companion #2 ordered the Cesar Salad. It seemed run of the mill, and companion noted that it was a bit heavy handed on the cheese.I ordered the regular salad with the honey mustard vinaigrette. This was a nicely done salad.For main courses, companion #1 ordered a medium bacon cheeseburger. The burger arrived medium but on the dry side, with barely adequate cheese and decent fries. Companion felt she had had better burgers in most fast food places.Companion #2 ordered the rib eye steak medium rare. It arrived medium rare, but seemed to be poorly prepped in that it had lots of sinew on it, and the tail still had some silverskin attached. Seasoning was adequate but nothing special.I had the Ahi tuna appetizer along with the small sirlion. The Ahi was cooked correctly, but had been pre-cooked hours before, and was greatly over-seasoned. By the time you added the wasabi vinaigrette dipping sauce, the fish had no taste left of its own. In paying for a premium fish like Ahi, the fish should be the central character, and the rest of the condiments are the supporting role. The petite sirloin was cooked as ordered (rare), but lacked flavor and again, still had silverskin attached, making the last piece memorable for its chewiness.We did not order any deserts.Inspection of the restrooms was pleasant enough, in that they were recently cleaned, smelled fresh, and looked nice.Overall, I might rate Outback 2.5 to 3 stars. I've definitely had better at lower prices. BTW if you are tempted by the Blossom, their signature onion and your on a diet, companion #1 says stay far away from it. That one dish alone will use up the entire days amount of points!
5	Love this place, went here for our anniversary yesterday, ordered the Outback Special and the New York Strip + Bloomin Onion for appetizer. So good. A lot of food. Must go back soon. All this and Cherry limeaides (to die for!!!!) for $45! satisfied to say the least.
4	Outback is a great restaurant. You can count on the tasty food and good service. They are reasonably priced and consistently deliver a quality product. This location gets busy during dinner time, but I've always had a good experience.
5	First the coco shrimp are delicious!The house salad with blue cheese is the freshest and tastiest I have had in years!The garlic mashed potatoes were unmatched   The best part of the meal was the medium rare Victorias filet. The best steak I have tasted. the vegetables were also fantastic!This place is very good and is very consistent. You can't go wrong here.
2	I went here on Friday night with my family and it was a pretty meh experience. I think outback is one of those chains where somehow they fool people into thinking their food is good, but, in reality, it isn't. They do have good bread and good caesar dressing, but all of the steaks I have had there have been mediocre at best. This particular visit was not so great because my Grandma ordered lamb chops, but they turned out to be too spicy for her, so she asked for a less spicy version and they were very nice about it...but when it came back it was raw....not so awesome. So she had to send it back again and everyone else was done with their meal before she got hers. Also, I had the teriyaki steak and it was super sweet....not something I would want again. The meat was tough and it was just covered in the sweet sauce. It came over some odd tasting rice....not great.  I got it with a sweet potato which was drowned in butter and sugar. It just isn't someplace I would want to eat again if I had a choice.
5	Food was delicious. Service was good. TVs there.  No complaints.
5	We ate here for a friends birthday and we showed up just before closing and they did not once ever push us to leave because they are closed.  Even our food came out perfect!  The server we had Lorenzo Garcia was nice, funny and always made sure we had everything we wanted!I love Outback and we do eat here very often but this experience on this day was outstanding and something that should be told to all!Thank you for a great birthday celebration!
3	My niece want to go here for her birthday, on a Friday night.  The wait was about 30 min.  The onion blossom was not as crispy as I remember but still pretty good. Its horseradish sauce was stronger than I expected.  I had to ask for a side of ketchup.  My steak was cooked as ordered (medium rare) but lacked taste somehow; the lobster tail was grilled right.  The steak of my niece was on the dry side (overcooked). My daughter's steak was as she liked it (medium rare).For dessert, we shared a gigantic scoop of ice cream and whipped cream and an Oreo waffle with more ice cream and whipped cream.  We couldn't finish.The service was good. Our waitress was very friendly.
3	Went here the other day.  I've never been to Outback and I must admit that I gave my friend the "side eye" for the suggestion!  I'm a vegetarian going to a steakhouse and a chain steak restaurant at that!  But "allegedly" they had this onion thing that I just "had to try".  Our waiter was cute, attentive and made great suggestions.The bread was actually really good and on this day they were giving out a free Bloomin' Onion per table!  Ok ,so the onion thing was surprisingly good, a little greasy, but good.  I ordered the chicken artichoke flatbread sans chicken with a side order of sweet potato.  My friends had the soup of the day (potato) and the Aussie chicken Cobb Salad sans bacon.   We all liked our food and everything was cool.
2	I hate to give a 2 star review but this place was not the best. I have went there several times with friends of mine and the service nearly every time we went was poor. It really made me upset to wait forever for our food when the place is not too busy, very slow to get food. I usually get pasta with shrimp and scallops and I enjoy it but the portion of pasta is too small also so I usually have to purchase a side of it. Small portion size and our food always taking 45 minutes to get to us is not acceptable so I will spend my money elsewhere. Outback is overrated IMO, go to The Keg which is just a little bit more money but not much, food is much better along with the restaurant which is modern looking. If you go on a date The Keg would be the place to take her, classier and romantic.
5	Matt & Lorenzo are the greatest bar tenders at this location. They will take care of you and keep you company throughout your stay at Outback.
5	I was very impressed with the service I received last night at this Outback. I have many food allergies and am always hesitant to go out to eat. I explained to my server that I had food allergies and asked if they could accomodate, she understood completely saying that she herself has many food allergies too. She brought me a Gluten-Free menu and I made my adjustments from that.After placing my order the manager came out to ask more specifically how I wanted my food cooked wether it should be cooked on its own, what spices were acceptable and she also offered different options for sauces to which I was able to choose from.My food was perfect, I can't complain about anything, they went above and beyond my request and I am so grateful. I never felt like my many requests and substitutions were a burden. I highly recommend the Outback at Southern and McClintock if you have food allergies.
5	I have never been to Outback before but we had relieved $50 worth of gift cards to Outback for xmas & thought it might be fun to end my birthday weekend with a nice dinner. My boyfriend figured there would be a wait so when we were told it would be a 20 min wait for a table we were not surprised. We decided to head to the bar to wait for our table but within in 5 min the pager for our table was lighting up. The bartender was in the middle of filling our drink order but assured us they would not give our table away.  But they did.  However, the hostess profusely apologized & assured us we would have a table in minutes, which we did, so we weren't all that upset.  When we got our table,being my 1st time, we had to order the Blooming Onion. My boyfriend jokingly said "If it's not perfect it's going back". But when it came it WAS perfect! Very good. We ordered our dinner; my boyfriend got the sirloin & lobster(grilled) & I decided to get, from the special menu, the crab stuffed mushrooms (appetizer as an entree) & the classic wedge salad.  When dinner came I had not received the salad. I let them know & within minutes it came. Unfortunately, I forgot a wedge salad traditionally does come with bacon, which I don't care for so I sent it back. Although I had not specified that I had not wanted bacon when I ordered the waitress  took it back happily & courteously. With in minutes I had a replacement sans bacon.  Our meal was excellent the sirloin & lobster was grilled to perfection. The crab stuffed mushrooms & wedge salad also very good. In the middle of our meal the manager came to our table to apologize and comped part of our meal, even though we never complained. This to me shows the ultimate in customer service .  Things don't always go perfect, that's just life. But a company that not only pays attention to the customer experience but proactively accommodates when things don't go perfect gets five stars in my book. We are already making plans to go back!
2	Service...not very attentive. Food...just okay.  On a beautiful Saturday evening the patio didn't appear to be open as we waited about 30 minutes for a table. Twenty minutes after we ordered, our salads arrived with about 3 pieces of cheese and a drop of dressing.  We didn't see our server to ask for more dressing, so we just ate it. The bread they offered us after ordering our meal came after the salad and seconds before our main course. The very tiny plates made the portions feel small (not bigger like you would think), like you are paying $20 a plate for nothing.  We were given 1 half filled ramekin of ketchup to share between 2 people (and this was only after requesting it after I meal came...btw, we ordered french fries...).  My husband made a comment about how he remembers Outback being so much better.  I've only ate here a handful of times. After this last experience, I don't know if I will eat here again.  Just not for me.  I would rather drop $70 for two adults and a teenager somewhere else.
1	I spent 70.00 and I would have had more satisfaction setting it on fire. We had so many issues during this meal that I don't have enough time to type them all. It was HORRIBLE. We got an apology but we should have been comped. These restaurants don't seem to understand the power of Internet blogs and reviews. Only go to eat ere if you like to be frustrated, unsatisfied and at the end... F***ed with no lube.
4	My server was great, very attentive even though she had several tables to serveI had the Diablo steak which is one of their new deals I got the 6oz medium well with friesI also ordered a side salad with ranchI'm getting hungry typing this again...My steak was cooked brilliantly and everything else was yummy. The fries were super good which surprised me :)Wanted to see what their drink specials were like but was in a hurryIt's a good location and the service is greatBar and bartenders seem very welcoming I will return
3	This place has really gone down hill in the last year. I cannot say I know why either.They used to be very good.They are not open for lunch which is a bummer in my mind. We like to go out to a big meal at lunch at times reather than dinner. Because, then you have time to let it digest.Anyway, this place is very busy. But, it seems so corprate. The food is getting like Red Lobster where everything tastes the same.I think they really try, but it is just not there.They really want to push alcohol on you, and starters. I know they have to  but, it just seems that they are forced.Steaks were just OK not fantastic! The Potaoes were rock hard. I mean the baked potatoes so hard,even when we took them home and re cooked they were hard.Very strange. Bathrooms are clean, our server seemed very over whelmed as if she could not handle it all.It is not horrible, just not wonderful. They keep putting out coupns and they are good ones as well. I just do not want to go there when there are so many good other places. Sorry, it is off my list of good places to go now days.
1	Ugh!!! The worst Outback I've ever been to.Ya know, I go to outback because it's consistent.....Until last Friday!! I can overlook poor service when it's busy...WHEN IT'S BUSY!!! There was like 12 people in this joint including my party of 5. It's close to ASU, so no surprise when you get pretentious, arrogant, "too cool for this crappy job" college kids semi-serving you. My one huge compaint was the food. The ribs were so awful I boxed them up immediately and brought them home to see if my golden retriever could stomach them. He did. But, umm, he's a dog. He licks stuff that I don't. Long and short: don't go to this particular outback unless you want to pay for rude servers and terrible food. And no, I couldn't bring myself to complain to management or server. I'm passive aggressive, so I tipped her customary %20 (like $15) and left, only to get out the ol' yelp machine and start this keyboard-kommando rant about my experience.
5	We ate here for a friends birthday and we showed up just before closing and they did not once ever push us to leave because they are closed.  Even our food came out perfect!  The server we had Lorenzo Garcia was nice, funny and always made sure we had everything we wanted!I love Outback and we do eat here very often but this experience on this day was outstanding and something that should be told to all!Thank you for a great birthday celebration!
5	Lorenzo is a great bar tender!
1	Definitely not worth the money! We got the sirloin steak and unlimited shrimp, NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!! The steak was 60% fat and unable to stomach.  The shrimp was poorly seasoned and it took over an hour to get two portions of it.  The waiter looked and seemed like he was completely drugged out, red blood shot eyes and all.  Seeing as how we have a full family living off of one income we will NEVER return there.   For that kind of money we will go across the street to longhorn steakhouse for birthdays and events.   This was a complete waste of our money and I regret budgeting this in!    This truly was the last straw for me, the previous outback experience at the same location was horrible too, there was a fly in my salad.  I figured since it was years ago we would be safe to eat there but his experience had proven me wrong.   I will never eat at outback steak house again!
5	Took the Wife here tonight, and ordered the Salmon and Potatoes, and the Chicken and Ribs. Ordered some coconut shrimp as an appetizer. The appetizer arrived quickly, and the shrimp were hot and crispy! The Salmon, Chicken, and Ribs were fantastic! The fries that came with the Chicken and Ribs were "So So", as they were not very crispy. However, This isn't what you come here for. Our server, Lucas T, was very friendly, and attentive. He was well spoken when asked questions, and knew the menu very well. The manager (I cant remember Her name), was also very friendly, and asked how our meals were after we had finished. The prompt, friendly service (From the hostess', server, manager, and the gentleman that took our names when we walked in) is what many restaurants we visit are lacking. To add, the food at this location was better than we remember from the last time we ate at a different location. Cant wait to visit after the remodel!
1	Walked out after waiting for over 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge we were seated.    The manager walked by twice and did not bother to stop.
4	I've had a couple bad meals at outback in the recent past but this meal restored my faith back into this chain.  Sangria was good, my prime rib was perfect. We had a manager touch our table twice and our server was very accommodating with my sisters gluten free children. Yum! I will be back to this location
4	I normally avoid reviewing places that already have a bunch of reviews that pretty much say everything there is to say about that place (usually it's restaurants), but my family hosted a birthday dinner for me here last night, and I have to write about my experience.The first thing I noticed was how busy the place is. So when they started messing up some of the orders at the table, it was understandable because the waiter and waitress were really trying hard to keep up with everything. I was the last one to order and they actually forgot about me for a while. Whatever, s'all good. When I placed my order, and they asked me what kind of dressing do I want for my salad, I replied "Italian" and that was exactly what I was in the mood for. First shocker of the night: she looks at me and says "We don't carry Italian dressing." I just looked at her for a minute, looked around at my family with a face like "is this lady serious?" So I asked what they DO have, she said honey mustard dressing. GAG! I ordered balsamic vinagrette, which they also didn't have, but she assured me they had a balsamic-like dressing. I thank the stars it was brought on the side because a) my girlfriend's salad was SOAKED in dressing and b) the balsamic-like dressing was honey mustard dressing! I couldn't believe it. As far as the steaks went, mine was great, but my girlfriend had to send hers back three times. We both ordered the filet mignon, and hers was really, really fatty, not worth the $23 it costs. They brought another one, then had to recook it because it was slightly too raw, but then it was perfect.They brought me ice cream and sang me the birthday song and all that, then when it came time to leave, the final shocker: they cancelled our bill! Family members took the money they were going to use to pay for the food to give it to me for a bonus birthday present.. WoW Outback, good on you! We were all glowing when we left. They handled things well, all things considered.I gave this place 4 stars not 5 because well, I'm a fan of this place, I don't love it to death though. Didn't seem right to bump it to 5 stars just because when you rate a restaurant, you have to take into consideration every factor that goes into running a restaurant, and I haven't been here in such a long time. When I come back again, if the service, atmosphere, and food continue to be superb, I will change my rating to 5 stars. For now, I wanted to bring attention to what they did last night that totally made my birthday!
5	Great service for a large group! Manager called in extra help for our large group and had fast service!
2	Odd food experience with this place. I tend to avoid chains in general and follow the Yelp reviews but was out with my parents (who are in the senior citizen category of life, and they wanted to go because you got a free blooming onion when you ordered an entree (or maybe two, I don't know), and my mother had a coupon for $4 off when you order two entrees. So, we went, and not a fun eating experience, and here is why.First, the blooming onion, and I realize it was free, was half cooked. About half of it was not edible. I haven't had one before but my mother noted that they were usually much better. I was like 'it's free, who cares?" - but it was indicative of other events in the dining experience.Second, parents wanted to split an  entree and salad and were specific on the salad (no croutons, extra cucumber), ended up getting a split salad with croutons and without the cucumber addition - the waiter came over and even noted that they seemed to have gotten the wrong salad (who knows, maybe someone else split a salad)? Then the entrees we ordered came out later than at least one other table, even though they had come in at least 10 to 15 minutes later. I had a steak salad and my parents split a cheeseburger so not sure why the orders ended up, well, out of order.Finally, even though my parents had noted they were doing the blooming onion and the coupon, when the waiter (Brian) brought the bill, he said the manager would not allow my parents to do both the free blooming onion and the coupon for $4 off. Now, I understand the idea but my parents had been quite open in their intentions before ordering. I ended up speaking to the manager (Lorenzo), who initially said he could not put both in the system and I had to point out that my parents had openly noted they were doing both and that would have been the time to explain how things  work, not when the meal was over.Okay, I don't want to paint a broad brush on Outback, I've eaten at other locations in the past and have been more than fine with the experience, and they look like, as others have pointed out, that they do make some great drinks. In addition, my steak salad was quite good. I would happily have it again. Hey, I'd even go back and eat at the bar. I'm just saying that this specific experience was not a good one. Who knows, I may find myself at the bar, having one of those interesting cocktails and end with a much better review.
4	We had Easter dinner here last night.  The food was pretty good.  Service was great.  It wasn't too busy.  They have call ahead seating so we were seated as soon as we arrived.  I liked that service immensely!
4	I really like Outback! sometimes you are just craving red meat and you need to get your fix without a hassle.  Outback is the perfect place to go for a casual steak.  I also love their bread and their sides -- except the garlic mashed potatoes, those aren't great bc they could be creamier. Last time I was there I ordered the carrot cake for dessert, it was pretty excellent.  I could go for another slice right now...Oh, but I do not recommend the coconut shrimp - wayyyy too much breading on those.
4	You cannot deny that Outback has great steaks. I cannot say one thing negative about the food or service at the Tempe location.. With that said...There were 5 in our party for a celebration. First the BAD...My wifes guilty food pleasure is prime rib. The last 2 times we have gone here they were out. The other thing I found out on our last visit is about the pitchers of margaritas. You get 3 glasses from a pitcher and they charged us $26 for it. We then ordered another single after the pitcher was gone that came in the same size glass and it was $6.25. So 3 singles cost $7.25 less than a pitcher that is also 3 drinks. You could order 4 singles and still pay $1 less than the 3 drink pitcher. What they do is overfill the pitcher with ice to take up drink space (rip off)  Now the GOOD... Since they were out of Prime Rib and we were disappointed the Manager came out and said he was not charging us for my wifes meal and also took our blooming onion off the bill for a $20 savings. So I commend Outback for keeping the customer happy and we will be going back again...just not for pitchers of Margaritas :-)
3	First of all we had a waitress/server named Sam.  She was outgoing, fun and attentive.Great kids menu with:Grilled cheeseChicken FingersCheese burgersMac and cheeseSirloin medallionsChicken grilledRibsThe adult menu offers several steaks, chicken, lamb and seafood.I am a fan of Outback.  Always a good meal at a good price!
4	Same experience here as with other locations. Steak was cooked to order and very tasty. That Caeser salad dressing is just yum. Garlic mashed potatoes were too salty though. Maybe somebody just had a heavy hand today. Waitress knew all about GF menu and the runners confirmed GF dishes without me having to ask.
4	Overall very good. No wait to get a table, excellent service (Tom was fabulous). Daiquiri was smaller than I would've liked but very tasty. Had the new Ahi Tuna which was delicious. Also had the ribeye, excellent portion, ordered medium rare but was little more on the rare side. Atmosphere was perfect. I definitely recommend this place.
4	One  for the short wait on a Saturday. I've been here on a Sunday and previously waited so long we sat at the bar and ended up walking out and over to joes after 15 minutes. Another  for our waiters excellent attitude and a third  for the excellent food. We never recieved appetizer plates for our appetizers or bread, they may not give those out for bread. There was a stack of coasters on the edge of our table about 12 or more the whole time. No one else had extra coasters on thier tables and we were seated next to the kitchen. Slight wait for the asparagus. I will say I'm not a fan of our waiter sitting on the bench directly across us to take our order. My husband and I usually sit on the same side of the table. We will be back, looking forward to a better all around experience. Steaks were delicious.
1	If I could leave less than one star I would.  The server was rude to start with, then we received a grease pit of a blooming onion. And to finish a still mooing steak on not plate but two. I will not be back here.
5	I was very impressed with their lunch menu, which is offered even on the weekends - score! Lots of options under $7, some a little higher (my hubby got the fish tacos). Be sure you grab a coupon out of the Sunday paper, or sometimes in the mail. 15% off the bill, or other good specials are always going. I love their bloomin onion - it's a must try (again and again)! Endless soup and salad on the lunch menu was ok. I thought the potato soup was a little too salty though.Overall, I'd recommend (especially for lunch with the low prices) and will be back!
2	I was going to write a lengthy detailed description but decided it is not worth my time. My wife and I have given this particular Outback 3 more chances in the last 7 months. NEVER AGAIN!
1	I normally love Outback & I've NEVER written a review on a place, but this experience wasn't up to par & it was definitely a weird one... I went to Outback for a birthday dinner with my boyfriend. Twice it was mentioned that it was my birthday by someone in my party & not one time did they do the "let us offer you birthday dessert!" thing... Which is totally fine, but they have always offered free birthday dessert any time I've been there with other parties & even if I wouldn't have taken it, it would've been nice to be consistent.First thing I ordered was a bloomin onion because I was starving & who doesn't love them?!? About an eighth of the way into it, I couldn't chew through whatever I was eating... I pull it out of my mouth & it looked like plastic! I'm not one to overreact so I just alerted the waiter & he asked if we wanted to continue eating it. Continue eating it?!? Whatever. My bf joked that he would try another piece to see if there was more plastic & he had the same type of texture to his piece. The waiter took it back & told us he would make another one & then proceeded to tell us that it wasn't plastic, but just that the skin of the onion wasn't cut off prior to making it. So they made us another one & I don't know if it was because I was already grossed out by the one before, or if they were off their game that night, but it didn't taste right either.  It was such a disappointment considering that's almost my favorite part of the whole place!So onto entrees...I ordered a steak & sides & my bf ordered his steak medium rare. We get our food only to realize that the waiter had never asked me how I wanted my steak cooked & just cooked both of them medium rare; I told him that my meat looked like it was bleeding & I couldn't handle it. He was very nice & said he would take it back & put it into the grill for a little bit longer... I agreed that it just needed a tiny but as I wanted mine medium, but not bloody whatsoever. The manager comes back with my steak & is very apologetic & asks if it's up to standards. Just looking at the steak you could tell that the top had this hard layer over it as if it was burnt. I told him it was fine & he assured me he would make me another one, but at that point my bf had gotten his food & I didn't want to wait even longer for mine to get done as we had other birthday plans... So I cut into mine and it was just okay...not anything great as my previous steaks had been. I even had to cut off the charred part because it was like eating a burnt steak. Ugh. The manager was VERY nice, but at that point I just felt like nothing they did that night (food wise) was right & I was regretting even coming there for my birthday dinner. My BF (who is the King of loving his meat medium rare) had to send his back because he had to run to the bathroom to spit out a piece that he couldn't chew through! He got his steak back & it was overcooked as well... My steak was taken care of by the manager but the horrible bloomin onion wasn't & we were offered dessert, (not "birthday dessert) but declined because I wasn't going to give them the chance to ruin that for me too.Overall, we will definitely not be back to this location again! The manager was extremely nice & so was the waiter, but the taste in my mouth that I had from the horrible plastic tasting bloomin onion (that I paid for) was enough to make me stick with the Chandler location.
4	Detailed review coming soon!
2	I was so excited to see this Outback was now open for lunch.  I cannot get enough of Outbacks salad.  Not that it is anything spectacular by any means.  It's just usually fresh and well chilled.  Service is soSLOWLike seriously slow... The first time I came I chopped it up to being newly opened for lunch and still figuring out staffing but nope!  I've been here 3 times and it sucks.  I order the endless soup and salad with barely enough time to eat even the salad.-love soupless in Phoenix
4	I am not much of a carnivore, but I was craving a steak and had not been to an Outback in YEARS... so on "date night" I convinced my honey to take me there before a movie.  We went online an and got on the wait list so we didn't have to wait when we got there.  It said the wait was 20-35 minutes at that time, I indicated that we would be there in 45.  We arrived right on time and we still had to wait 15 or so minutes.  Not a huge big deal, 15 is better than 45 especially on a Sat night at a place like that.  BUT that is the point of the online wait list right?  So you don't have to wait?  I got my steak craving satisfied and had a nummy baked potato and salad. The food was average for a chain restaurant, it was what I expected nothing less... nothing more!  However, the service was AWESOME, so they my 4 stars.  Not only was our server great, so was everyone else who walked by with a smile and always asking if we are good, offering to refill drinks and removing empty plates right away.  I love good service!
