5	great salad bar and good food!!!
3	Stopped in here for lunch today.  I was early so had to wait but they had the doors open and were ready to go a few minutes before 11.  There is a list of lunch specials for $3.99 which include an entree with a side, by bumping that to $7.99 you get a bottomless salad bar and a bottomless drink.  The salad bar by itself is $7.99 and I am not sure if the drink is included.  I got the Malibu chicken with rice pilaf and two pieces of toast came on the plate.  I made one big trip to the salad bar skipping the tomato and spinach as not looking at their peak.  Finished off with a bowl of chocolate/vanilla soft serve with strawberry and pineapple toppings.  The only thing I ate I really didn't care for was the toast.  The server was very good.  No matter which lunch deal you choose you will go away stuffed, Out the door for under $10!
4	I hadn't been to Sizzler in years, and had the urge after moving for some salad. This was the only salad bar close and so I talked my reluctant fiance into going.The service was super nice and attentive. (not annoying attentive mind you, he kept our drinks filled and made light conversation)The manager was nice as well, and everyone was helpful. The food was constantly being rotated out with fresh food and everything was kept clean. I don't think there was a moment we were there that the staff wasn't cleaning something. It was great. Only the bathrooms weren't the cleanest/nicest, definite wear and tear from the area.The fruit was possibly the freshest and sweetest I've found all summer in particular the watermelon.Don't hate on Sizzler just because its corporate...this place has topped the service I've been receiving elsewhere as of late. So if you're in the mood for customer service, cheap prices and all you can eat I recommend that this Sizzler be your destination.
4	this was my first visit to a Sizzler and I thought it was pretty good. The shrimp dinner I ordered was not that great but the salad and dessert bar made up for that. The place is no Golden Corral by any means but what they got is pretty good , you will leave with a full belly . the service was good and I was able to make a strawberry shortcake from the dessert bar. So I will say YAY I am a fan!
4	I've made this part of my regular lunch rotation and as such it has earned a fourth star.  The food at the salad bar is always fresh, most times they even have avocados.  The service is always efficient and friendly.Only a couple of changes have occurred since I started going here.  The most notable just happened recently.  They changed some of the items on the $3.99 express lunch menu (you can still ask for the grilled cheese with bacon and tomatoes) and now if you want to add the salad and drink it bumps it to the same $9.99 as their regular lunch menu with salad and drink.  This gives you more options but at a cost.  Seems they were getting into fights with people who couldn't read the dine in only sign in large letters and wanted to pig on the salad bar and then get a to go box for the entree.  Even at $9.99 it still is a good lunch deal in my opinion.One thing not advertised is if you are getting the salad bar you can choose not to get a side with your entree.  That works out well for somebody like me that cannot eat as much as I used to so I can have a decent sized salad, a bowl of soup and still have room for a bowl of ice cream.  Another trick: The ice cream bowls are really small to make a sundae so I grab a soup bowl. :)
1	We went there for dinner and ordered the steak and all the shrimp you can eat. They ought to call it steak & all the shrimp you ain't gonna eat because we'll never bring that yish to you! They took an hour to bring the first round and 20 to bring the next for my companion. Forget about getting a refill, cause it's not going to happen. By then, we were Ret-tah-go. Then they tell us that we cannot box our food up. WTH!!! There will NOT be a next time.
3	Sizzler happens to be a favorite of my family which is why we went.  We live in the midwest and most if not all the Sizzler restaurants are gone so when we went to Phoenix, this was a place my husband and son wanted to go.  For $8 you can get all you want to eat off of the lunch buffet. There was a decent variety, left feeling full (some of my party more than others) and the server was friendly and attentive.  Would I rush to go back? No, but that's because I prefer to eat somewhere other than at a buffet.  For the money, it's a pretty decent value.  You can eat healthier for the same money you'd be paying at the fast food restaurants.
4	Just like home. The staff was very attentive and the Malibu Chicken rocks my socks off.
1	Too bad I can't give zero stars...over cooked steaks and unprofessional management made for a aweful experience....the server and management talking about my wife and I in Spanish made it all the more classy...keep driving...you'd get more class at a McDonald's...
1	My family and I went up to Flagstaff to play in the snow! So we come into Town and spot a Sizzler.  Famous  chicken and their salad bar, prices for quality far over priced. Very disappointed !!.                                       Von Louis Thomsen                                              (623) 512-7060
4	Have not been to a Sizzler in decades, but the quality of food and service at this location was pretty spot on. The salad and soup bar and ice cream was only $6.49 at lunch (2 bucks more if you want taco/hot bar which looked very average). They had four soups and the best of the two I tried was the Chicken rice gone wild, which was loaded with stuff. French onion was decent too (add croutons) and two other creamier soups were untried. The salad bar was well stocked and had every veggie you possible could have needed, plus endless slices (still in the shell) of avocado which is a great addition. Plus, there is a waitress who refills drinks and brings you your choice of famous cheese toast or rolls or in my case both and you can get more of either. The cheese toast is pretty addicting. Most customers speak spanish, but that is just the area and the food is well worth the price if you are around this neck of the woods.
4	The $8.99 salad bar-with-appetizers lunch is a huge win if your real goal is to eat a solid, pretty cheap lunch and you want some vegetables to make you feel good about what you're planning to do with taco shells, potato skins, and, later, dessert. The staff will help you feel good, as they are the sweetest people ever, and they deliver generous drink refills along with baskets of cheese toast.If you're looking for fancy pre-made salads, the selection is smaller and less creative than at Souper Salad or Sweet Tomatoes. If, like me, you're going with a few spinach or lettuce frills as a base for the good stuff, Sizzler has the edge of offering not just diced ham, not just pepperoni slices, but also diced bacon. There is also ambrosia salad, demonstrating a proper respect for the role of marshmallows in traditional salad-making (for real -- cookbooks of the 1950s love marshmallows and whipped cream in "salad").The only soup (of the four) that I tried was the clam chowder: since it is the "signature" soup, it is available on a day other than Friday (say, Saturday!), which may make the case for this buffet right there. It's not going to send you into rhapsodies about the chowder you once ate in Boston or San Francisco, but it is recognizable and pleasant clam chowder that goes nicely with the cheese toast. Again, soup selection was less diverse than Sweet Tomatoes... but the trade-off for not getting Greek lemon soup or other more chi-chi delights is being able to have clam chowder on a non-Friday.The appetizer bar, while small, blows past Sweet Tomatoes on the grounds of offering actual proteins (Sweet Tomatoes' spread looks splendidly chi-chi and healthful, then it dawns on you that it's a carb wallow) and past Souper Salad on grounds of offering... carnitas! Carnitas! I just met a scoop of carnitas! There are also flour tortillas deep-fried into cup shapes, and there is fresh guacamole that is definitely made with actual avocados. It is possible to construct a highly respectable Tex-Mex lunch.There are also various forms of chicken parts (which I didn't try), potato skins (ditto), and pasta that can be draped with meatballs (which were pleasant, though not memorable). If you worked at it, you could probably manage a pasta in a salsa cream sauce, like at the chi-chi fusion restaurants... and on my next visit, I might.The best part of Souper Salad, on a good day, is getting the gingerbread and slathering it with sundae toppings. Sizzler goes more for poundcake -- it also has mini desserts and soft serve -- and promises the exotic addition of pineapple topping. I need to go here on a day when I'm utterly starving, as there is much to explore, now that I have the lay of the land.This is a four-star rating on the basis of being good at being a budget-ish buffet lunch, so if you're looking for organic greens and the finest ingredients, Sizzler's not a hidden Maryvale treasure. It's better-than-fast-food at a fast food price, plus everything's labeled with any common food allergy triggers (so you may not be able to eat everything, but at least you won't break out in horrible symptoms), and my delightful server brought me a to-go cup for the remainder of my iced tea (gratefully accepted, since I was taking the bus).
3	This is the best restaurant in the Big Apple! Absolutely AMAZING!!! Second to none!
