5	Great wings an a fun staff.
4	man those wings are good, not a bad seat in the house watching sports
4	The girlfriend and I decided to find a place to watch the game and we ended up finding this gem.  It seems there are a lot of reguars who eat here every Sunday, and this day was no exception.  The food was better than we expected.  The wings are especially tasty when compared to other places I've been to.  The service was perfect when speaking of sports bars.  Full drinks, food in front of you, happy camper.  There are televisions everywhere, so you can watch more than one game.
2	I'd give it a 3 because the food was good but the slow incompetent service dragged it down from "A-OK". We went on a late Saturday afternoon. It was pretty dead. Maybe 20 people.Typical sports bar. There were tons of TVs with varying sports represented. We wanted to watch the hockey playoffs. I guess we were the only ones because none of the TVs had it on. Our waitress was friendly, young and, i think new, because when we ordered margaritas she said they had both the "frozen kind in a machine and the kind you mix". When we ordered the frozen she brought back the "on-the-rocks kind" and said the machine was broken. The drinks were bland and had no discernible alcohol in them. There was a smattering of salt falling off the soda glass they served it in. So deduct points for the inability for the bartender to make AZ's state drink. Each time she walked away it was a good 10 minutes before we saw her again. So we returned the drinks and got beer. Can't screw that up. She was able to get the hockey game on one of the screens for us. So kudos for that.We ordered pizza and wings. You can only get small personal pizzas. Mine had 4 pepperonis. Yay! But it was good with a home made crust. The wings were excellent! Large and in charge. Perfect hotness for mediums. Worth the 25 minute wait.Finally we asked for a couple boxes for left overs. After 10 minutes she brought back only one. We said we asked for 2. After 10 minutes she brought the other one. After 10 minutes she brought the check. After 10 minutes she picked up the check. So if you have a couple hours to kill and the patience of a saint, you just might have a good time!
5	Great bar! Tons of t.v's and a friendly staff! I love eating and watching football games here. Get here early though seats are gone fast.
2	As sports bars go it's an ok place. Service was fine. Food was not up to par with what I expected. The wings were rather small but dry and overcooked with decent sauce. The burger was salty on 1 end so as I could not finish it. Tried the pizza which was way small and way over priced and tasted like a frozen pizza.Overall ok for drinks but wont return for food.
3	Went to watch a football game, the TV's are nicely placed and they even had personal ones in the booth.  The beer selections were pretty good.  They have the usually suds but not that many micro brews.  We had appetizers and they weren't that good. We ordered the pretzel's they were extremely oily and the cheese didn't stick on them at all.  We also ordered boneless with some kind of sweet and spicy sauce and it was TERRIBLE.  Now we all know that boneless chicken wings are basically chicken nuggets, theirs are no different looking.  The sauce however, was horrible  it had WAY to much pepper and not the good kind, we thought it was going to be like the Zesty Asian sauce at B-dubs (which I love) and it is not.  This was the kind that only hits you in the back of the throat it took us 2 cups of ranch to get through them.  The waitress we had was amazing.  I think her name was Kristen, something with a K.
3	We were looking for something different in the West valley and we ended up here. They have specials everyday of the week that include both drinks and food. The day we visited one of the specials was a cheeseburger and fries for $6 and that is what we ordered. The drinks were strong and cheap and brought out quickly. The service we got was excellent. It took a while for our food to come out but we did get prompt drink refills. The food was ok, nothing special but a good deal for the $. They have $.50 wings on Thursday so I would like to go back and try those at some point. I think the overall value of this place makes it a good spot to catch a game.
2	Went here for lunch with a few friends. When we went to order the waiter has inform us that they were out of burgers no big deal. then we went to order chicken and they were out as well. SO i decided to get the nathans hot dog with seasons fries, I was then told they were out of season fries too and steak fries was the only option. Then when i finally got my food the bun was hard as a rock. The food here is not that great, ok for hanging out and watching game but don't come here too hungry wings are ok.
3	Wings, shrimp and potato skins were amazing. Adrienne was the best server we've had in a while! Only complaint was the people around us.  So loud from people we couldn't hear each other and had to yell to have a conversation. Was there for a little over an hour and felt like we had walked out of a club on a weekend night.
4	A nice, friendly sports bar in a strip mall. The three big screen TV's at the bar are far enough away from the bar so that the viewing is top notch. I don't think they had HD, so that might be the only upgrade needed. The food (especially the onion rings) looked pretty good coming out, but I took advantage of the free appetizer when you check in deal and ended up with a fairly normal rendition of the good ole potato skins. Happy Hour is from 11-7 every day which is pretty amazing for a bar and large domestics are only $3.50. Crowd is mostly related to the area it is located in, but a friendly staff and patrons and a small outdoor patio as well. On this note, Arizona lost and most of the bar left unhappy, but hey we are in Sun Devil country, so tough break.
4	Stopped by this place for some wings, never been before and used the free appetizer promotion they advertised. I have to say I was impressed doesnt look like much from the outside but its really nice inside, the service is good and food is tasty as far as wings go. Definitely will stop by soon.
4	Love This Sports Bar me & Wife had a Great Time here Good Food & Great Drink. Prices.
3	The food was good, the server was polite and very busy as they were short staff but she made sure we were taken care of. The only bad experience was the bartender he was very rude and wasn't busy it just seemed he wanted to do nothing than help customers.
5	Brother in law turned me on to their wings. We were having a pool party for his daughter's H.S. graduation. Good amount of heat and the chicken was cooked all the way through. If you're having a party and don't wanna cook, I suggest you give these guys a ring.
1	game time is now closed for good. somebody didn't pay the rent.
