3	The newest Buffalo Wild Wings (or BW3 if you can remember them that far back) is located adjacent to the Nascar Hall of Fame.  The location is a bit off the beaten path for "uptown" Charlotte.  But, if you are in the Wachovia/Wells Fargo end of town, it is an easy walk.  All the standard BWW fare is here.  Try the Asian Zing sauce- as they say, its where Sweet meets heat.  Street Parking may be a challenge, but ample deck parking is available at the HOF and nearby. Or, ride the light rail in, and walk a couple blocks to the NASCAR HOF.
5	Huge spot! We had a great waitress! Very friendly! Plenty of big screen tvs! Played trivia games and live poker electronically on the screens against other customers. It was extremely fun and highly recommended.
2	After our visit to the NASCAR Hall of Fame, we figured we'd grab a quick lunch before heading out on our road trip.   Buffalo Wild Wings was conveniently located...The food, however, absolutely sucks.   We ordered 6 chicken boneless wings which were dry and not all that appetizing.   We also got 3 mini pork sliders and they too were dry and unimaginative.Go somewhere else if you even remotely want decent food.   Lola's across the street is a vast improvement over Buffalo Wild Wings.
4	This Buffalo Wild Wings is attached to the NASCAR Hall of Fame.  I went here Saturday night after watching the Bristol race at the Belk Theater inside the Hall of Fame.  A number of the people at that event seemed to filter over to Buffalo Wild Wings after it ended.  The menu is the standard Buffalo Wild Wings fare, which most people deem to be middle of the road.  I had three beef sliders and fries which were fresh and about what you would expect.  The beer special was 3.20 24 ounce Miller Lite drafts which for a Saturday night in downtown Charlotte is fairly affordable.  The location itself is the biggest Buffalo Wild Wings I have ever been to.  The inside is clean and the televisions are plentiful.  The Panthers were finishing up their first preseason home game so the crowd was large both from people watching the game there and people who had left the game early filtering in.  The outside patio area is enormous, perhaps the biggest outdoor seating area downtown for a single bar.  Our server was friendly and quick with our orders so no complaints there.  I don't think I would go out of my way to go to Buffalo Wild Wings for the food, but as a sports bar for watching a game or for a large group to get together this location has many advantages.  They don't appear like they will get significant foot traffic, but the crowd was large so I guess they are building up a fan base.
1	I am going to start off by saying that I am a fan of BWW, but this location is lacking bigtime in the service department. I love the wings, and I always have...but the other food was bland.The service was HORRIBLE. The waitstaff were very unprofessional...even for a bar setting. The host, Craig...I think his name was...told us that if our server wasn't good that he would "Strip her and stretch her out"...how disgusting is that? Oh, and we didn't go at night...we went for a BUSINESS LUNCH.We weren't given menus.The people who brought our food carried on conversations with one another that were of the sexual nature that I really didn't want to hear...one server with blonde hair and too much eyemakeup was very vulgar and too PDA-y with her coworkers.There was also another server texting on her cell phone.I wish this place had better service, we will never be going here again!
3	This BWW location is home to the Charlotte Gators Alumni Club. I stopped in here to meet some friends who are FLA alums watching the USC/UF game on a Saturday night. The entire front room was dedicated to UF fans, complete with koozies and give aways. Tons of TVs!While BWW food and beer is not free, it's a known quantity. The service and food here is what I expected. The shortside of this location is parking, I parked in the attached garage which is 3 bux an hour $$$. BWW validates for 25% off, which is nice but not quite enough for me. I don't have much reason to come back to this BWW, but I would if in the area.
4	My lil sis and nieces and I stopped in for a quick "pre nap" bight to eat, and were immediately greeted by a friendly host and sat promptly.  Their menu is exactly like it's name sake with a few different non chicken menu items including a boca burger, which I chose and enjoyed.  The sauces are extensive and tasty!  The price is fair, to fairly cheap..  On the right day, ie... Tuesday, you can get $0.49 traditional wings.   And a great place to watch the games as there is a whole wall of TVs with all channels of ESPN on them.   Our service was impeccable and the waitress was really attentive and friendly.  Check it out folks, not a bad lil wing place!
2	Came here with the co-workers for a happy hour (despite it's illegality in Charlotte = ridiculous)  but none-the-less I prepared myself for a couple good drinks and some wings of course.We had two servers - one just left or something part way through without telling us she would no longer be our server. It seemed painfully obvious that she did not really want to be there and was very slow overall. Perhaps she was having a bad day.The second did a much better job and he was polite. They had two "specials" $5 fat tires and $3.50 tall boy coors lights (Thursday). They also have 60 cent boneless wings.The drinks were fine the wings kind of lackluster. One of our boneless bites didn't actually have meat in it - just breading. I tried several flavors but I enjoyed the bbq best- they are not shy with the spice factor so hot is hot .Living in Buffalo makes me a huge wing snob so my expectations were not particularly high in the first place. My meal and drink was $10- not too bad.Overall even though id have better I would go back but probably not on my own accord. Also parking is a huge pain- better off taking the light rail in or preparing for a little walk if you don't want to pay the $6 parking fee.
4	I didn't realize there was a BWW downtown.... and a big one at that!  I think the BWW near my house could probably fit inside 1/3 of this location.  It seems like this location takes up a whole city block including their outdoor patio eating area.It was a Monday night and the place didn't seem that busy - there were a bunch of large, seemed like after office groups but we got a table right away and ordered.I tried the new Thai Curry sauce on boneless wings and was very satisfied.  Not sure why people were having service issues, maybe they were still training the wait-staff when they had bad experiences.
2	I want to give this place more than 2 stars because they are a big sponsor of the Charlotte Checkers, but I can't.  I've been here 3 times and waited so long once I left without even being served.The first experience was decent.  The Checkers, shortly after purchasing the AHL Albany River Rats last summer held an NHL draft party here.  The front office staff, cheerleaders, and Wilson were all there while the draft was showing in the back section of the restaurant.  We got there early and ate but the place ended up getting pretty packed.  The food and service were okay but I didn't have any wings.The next time I went to have a beer before a Sunday afternoon Checkers game.  I sat at the bar which was about 70% full (it's a big bar with 2 bartenders working).  I was never asked what I wanted and being short on time I left.This past Saturday, the Checkers had their post game party here.  Since one of the promos for Checkers games is that when they score 6 goals, any Charlotte area BWW will give you 6 free wings (they give you a coupon good until the end of the season and we eachad one from a previous game).  We walked in at about 11 o'clock and there was some drama.  A group of about a dozen teenagers were being kicked out of the restaurant by the manager.  Another worker saw our Checkers apparel and said to have a seat at the bar, in the bar area area, or at the back.  We found a table in the bar area with plenty of other Checkers fans nearby being waited on, but no one waited on us although servers were near us.    We then moved into the more open space at the back where there were a few tables of fans.  We were waited on and served quickly this time and our server was quite nice.  We ordered the wings (I ate them all since the significant other doesn't eat meet) and they were probably a little worse than expected.  I lived in Buffalo for over a decade and have consumed and eaten my fair share of wings there and these were awful by Buffalo standards and bad by Charlotte standards.  They were tiny, and although cooked were not juicy.  The mild sauce was odd (definitely not Franks's like all chicken wings should be) but the honey bbq ones were decent.  The blue cheese tasted and looked like Ken's salad dressing - no chunks :(.  The celery was at least fresh and crisp. The beer specials are usually not that great such as $3.20 plus tax for a Miller Lite on tap.  I wouldn't drink that for free so I ordered an OMB Copper which was $5.95 - the most expensive I've seen in Charlotte.  My wife got a choclate fudge cake with ice cream which was pretty good but likely not made in house.I would like for Buffalo Wild Wings to be a lot better than since they support my favorite Charlotte team but it is pretty bad as far as most of the food and the service.  I want to give them more than two stars - like maybe 2.5 but 3 is definitely out of the question.
5	Love eating at the bar and Brandon is the most attentive bartender I've had in awhile. Took some time for the staff to get that we are regulars but thats squared away. Food is fast and good when not at peak time of the day. You will wait a bit during events, but that's anywhere. I recommend hitting the bar and playing some trivia games with the staff. They have some crazy answers, and keep it fun.
3	Stopped here on Friday after work before meeting some people to go to a Charlotte Checkers game.  Service was quick this time, though there were only a few people at the bar.  Wings came out quick.  They also had Corona on special - not my favorite, but better than the usual Bud they have so I got it.  Be forewarned though - even the "mild" wings have a kick to them.  Still not up to par for great wings,  but they're ok.
2	crap wings, crap service, crap prices, crap beer selection.  crap crap crappity crap.
1	AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!!This breaks my heart, as I'm a die-hard BWW fan.  This location, however, is the WORST.  My biggest problem with it is the parking.  They put this location in the Nascar Hall of Fame in Uptown Charlotte, and the parking options are either a meter on the street, or the Nascar parking garage.  BWW used to validate parking, which made it about $2.00 / hour.  Today, I was informed that they no longer validate, and I paid $7.00 to spend 2 hours at BWW.  The food is OK, the service is OK, but the staff is not friendly at all.I'll go to the Sardis Rd. location from now on.  Great staff, free parking, better food.
2	I can't even believe I'm reviewing a Buffalo Wild Wings. You are all witnessing what can only be described as a low point in my Yelping. Ugh, ok, let's just get this over with.First of all, why did I even come here? Because it was Friday night and my family wanted to go out and my dad hates any place with live music, crowds, noise, and "lots of energy." So Buffalo Wild Wings is the perfect place to go if you hate people and fun, basically. And my brother wanted to go here because they have trivia, which by the way is also not fun because if I am one thing I am fucking competitive and I hate losing and will go out of my way to try to ruin the fun for everyone else if I do. Also the game itself is full of either esoteric questions or totally obvious ones and if you wait long enough they give you the answer. Total bullshit. Oh so the restaurant itself I'm pretty sure is segregated. The hostess insisted that we sit at the bar even though the front dining area had plenty of tables open because she said there were only two waitresses for that area and they were already busy. So we walked through there and pretty much everybody was black. The bar had some people in it and (you should expect this if you've been reading carefully) they were all white. Probably a total coincidence. I'm not really sure but I'd guess Yelp might frown upon such a nonchalant accusation of segregation.The only other time I've been to a Buffalo Wild Wings was in high school when I went with my friend Katie and these twins, Greg and whatever the gay one's name was. All I remember from that was the twins were really hot and I had a thing for Greg and didn't find out until January when I visited Katie in Brooklyn that a) Greg is her roommate now and b) he totally had a thing for me, too. So when we reunited we hella made out and I know my ex-boyfriend doesn't read this but if he does I might as well come clean about also making out with 3 other guys early on in our relationship because that's what you get when you date me for 5 months and refuse to acknowledge me as your girlfriend, asshole! This entire paragraph has nothing to do with this restaurant but whatever if I want to use Yelp as my diary I DAMN WILL. So anyway we ordered like 25 wings for the table and I'll just cut to the chase, they sucked. I asked the waitress if they had anything that they didn't deep fry and she replied, "Everything is fried." So I ate all this fried greasy food and felt horrible and my old college/post-college/occasionally current bulimia habit kicked in because I just didn't want that shit in my body. That is how bad Buffalo Wild Wings is. Fuck now I wish I would not have told my mom about Yelp because she reads my reviews now I guess. She said some of them are funny. SOME OF THEM?? She also says I'm "too sarcastic so that I can sound edgy" and to that I say you may be right but Yelp reviews are the only things keeping me from pulling the trigger on the Beretta I put to my forehead every night before bed, so just let me do this the way I want. Man, that was really dark. Now THAT'S edgy!Wow what the hell was I even talking about? Oh yeah, I didn't like the wings here.
3	dry rub wings were good, nachos were a waste, and beer select was minimal.  But it does have a good sports bar atmosphere, along with electronic poker and pub quiz which was fun.
3	The wing sauce selection is unbeatable. Always have had great food here. Waitress Kat saved an otherwise very poor service rating for this location.  After repeated requests to turn down the unbearable volume of football game. (Pre-season by the way)..finally turned down the sound once I said I would Post on "Yelp".  Nobody was watching the game and a total of 15 people in the place.  Thank you Kat  for the always cold beers....and great service.
2	Were it not for the people I was in the company of last night, I would have had an awful night at BWW. They cancelled trivia (which is why we went in the first place) because of the basketball game on the air craft carrier.  I get it, it's Veteran's Day, but it's not that like thats news - couldn't you have cancelled in advance?  I would have come another time.  There was an entire section of the restaurant that was closed, and yet you cancel? Annoying. We sat in the bar because trivia is held there (starting at 8) and the service left much to be desired.  Especially when I am eating Mango Habanero wings (holy mama! Tasty but super sneaky hot), I NEED my iced tea glass to stay full.  My Strawberry cream cheese pie was okay, but I wouldn't order it again as it was small and seemed to have a little frostbite.  The Spinach flatbread and consistent wing sauce wonderfulness kept this from being a 1 for me.
2	This Buffalo Wild Wings was OK. There are better BWWs. When we walked in the hostest was preoccupied talking with other wait staff. She acted as if we were disturbing her. Our waitress was better. She was very nice. We were seated by the front. The hostest and other wait staff were very loud. All and all the wings were OK. I've had better. If it wasn't for our waitress I would have walked out.
2	Ohhh, you sports bar you. You're too large, with too slow of service, but I get it - that's your thing. Make us wait, so we drink too fast, order another beer! Think we'll be distracted by the game to notice it's been 40 minutes since we ordered 10 wings? Most of the time, I bet you'd be right judging on crowd, but not this girl. I know what an awesome bar with decent/good food and TV's galore can be and you're just not up to par with it. At least you've got a great location for everyone going to the Nascar Hall of Fame and people attending anything at The Convention Center!
1	The last couple of times I was here I had no issues - until tonight.  No one acknowledged us for 10 minutes until we flagged a waitress down.  She took our drink order and came back and was surprised that the other waitress had not brought us drinks nor even come by the table.  Finally our drinks arrived, minus the water my wife requested.  We then ordered food.   I ordered 12 boneless wings and was brought regular wings.  My salad was delivered without silverware so I had to snag some from another table.  My wife's fish tacos were supposed to come with tortilla chips and salsa, they came with fries instead.  I will say the manager corrected everything, but it sucked since we were on our way to a show and almost late because of how disorganized this place was.  It will be a while before I go back.  The wings suck anyway and most of the food is frozen then fried crap.
5	Monday night football this is where you need to be. Women every where at every turn, dj playing music during half time and after the game. Staff is always helpful, food is always good, hot, and fast. If your looking for some where quite during the game this is not for you, but if you want to watch sports on like 40 different tvs and mingle then see you on Monday night during the games.
1	Terrible.  Do not go here.  Severely disappointing. Came here with co-workers for some wings and drinks.  The wings were disgusting.  Sauces don't really cover all the wings--can clearly tell the wings are microwaved, and the sauces are drizzled on afterwards.  You can find better wings in the aisle of a local Harris Teeter.  I guess I should've gone with Wild Wing Cafe.Service was just as bad.  We got seated in an area and had to wait a literal 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us.  At that point, I had to personally ask to get us a server.  Otherwise, I'm pretty sure we would have sat there all evening.  She didn't mess up any orders, but didn't know what to do.  We order drinks, she tries to put the order in, but realizes she needs our IDs.  We don't get any napkins/utensils until requested.  Just stuff like that.Oh yeah, bring your own carrots and celery--despite what the menu says, the wings do not come with it.  These pictures on Yelp! are deceiving.(AGAIN, DO NOT COME HERE).dmo out
1	Connected to the NASCAR Hall of Fame. This is a chain restaurant, with a bar and several TVs. The food is less than fair and at this particular one, the service was poor. Restaurants need to stop thinking that memorizing orders is impressive or efficient. With human error being high, orders will be wrong, as mine was not correct at all. I was not about wait any longer to have them bring the correct order. For a rather large restaurant, surprised to see they were using the NASCAR Hall of Fame restrooms as their own, rather than having separate ones. Tables not clean and we were rarely visited by our waitress, during a slow period. I realize that their attire is based on football, but when connected to a NASCAR place, maybe on race days, they should be wearing race car team shirts at this particular one. Charlotte has many great restaurants, so I suggest to go elsewhere, until they can get their act together at this one.
1	Service was very slow even though the restaurant wasn't busy. Plus didn't get what we ordered. Avoid
1	We really did not enjoy this experience at all. I ordered a buffalo chicken sandwich, and the chicken definitely had the texture and consistency of frozen food that was reheated (probably in the microwave). The buffalo sauce was squirted on top of the chicken like ketchup. In my experience, the chicken is traditionally marinated/cooked in the sauce, so the flavor can permeate the meat. Also the french fries were cold. The servers seemed more interested in having conversations with each other than helping us. They did not offer us any beer specials, which I find disappointing at a sports bar. Perhaps this is why the restaurant was completely empty. I would never go there again.
3	Went to this location before the ACC Championship game to watch a little football and hang out.  Was seated immediately and allowed to stay at the same table for nearly 3 hours despite the restaurant getting busier and busier.  Of course I was continuously ordering food and drinks and not just getting free Coke refills.  Server was very friendly and accommodating.  Fried pickles were quite good, Chili con queso was just generic cheese sauce with pre-made chili tossed in, nothing very special at all and a little disappointing to say the least.I ordered the boneless wings, mango habenero, as my entree.  While the sauce was quite spicy and tasty, the 'wings' (read: chicken nuggets) had a little too much breading on them and tasted as if they had spent a minute too long in the fryer.  They were tough in spots and a little dry.Good place to hang out and drink a few beers, but the food is just so-so.
4	This place was HUGE! We asked for a table outside and I didn't realize how big the place was. They also have a big patio area. Our waitress was nice and we got our food quick for how crowded it was. Good place to eat!
1	Absolutely terrible. Food bland, service horrendous, inside dull. Avoid.
1	It's a chain, so I'm not going to comment on the food.  I've been to other Buffalo Wild Wing locations, and they are fine.  Wings, sauce, beer...it's all good.The only reason I am reviewing this place is because the bartenders and service were absolutely HORRID!!!     "We are attitude!"There are plenty of great places in Uptown Charlotte...please help to put THIS one out of business!
1	I normally only review businesses where I have positive statements to make.  I feel that my bad experience at a location does not necessarily mean that the restaurant should suffer for it, because your experience might be better than mine.  However, I am so put off by this place and multiple bad experiences that I truly feel the need to warn EVERYONE from going there.  There are LOTS of other choices in Charlotte, no need to support this business that treats customers so poorly.We had a reservation to start my Bachelor Party here, due to the convenient location of being next to our hotel (not due to positive experiences in the past, that's for sure).  The reservation was made weeks in advance & would have been between 10  - 14 adult males all drinking alcohol and devouring wings and appetizers, etc for a few hours before moving the party to a more adult-oriented location.. The tables were not ready on time.  Not really a problem, that's ok.  We can work with that.  The hostess showed us a small table (8 top) that was ready immediately, as well as the table(s) where we would prefer to be located, but we needed to wait 10 minutes.  We chose to wait for the larger table.  We stood at the front for over 30 minutes.  Those of us made to stand at the front and wait included my fiance's 75 year old father and my 65 year old father!  The hostess offered (again) to put us at the smaller table (8 top), or we could wait for the big table.. Again we chose to wait for the larger table, as we knew that the 8-top was too small. They told us our table was ready after 35 minutes of waiting, and the manager was there helping to set the table.  The problem was:  the table was the smaller table that we were offered over 30 minutes prior.  When I questioned the manager about it, and pointed to the tables behind us where we had been promised, he said that larger set was going to a party of 20 that was a WALK-IN behind us (a group of teenage volley ball players). I explained what we just went through, all the waiting, and the communication with the hostess, that we had a reservation for weeks - and they were not ready for us, and we had been waiting over 30 minutes for that particular table, and now he was suggesting he was going to give it to the party of 20 teenagers who cannot even order a drink from the bar?  He said, "no I am not planning on giving it to them, I AM giving it to them".We left, as I would not let any of my friends or family spend single dime in a location that would talk to us that way; and we spent over 3000 dollars in food and alcohol at the Wild Wing Cafe around the corner (located in the Epicenter).  I sure hope those teenagers were able to order a LOT of wings to make up for the loss of income to the bartenders!! Do yourself a favor.  Do not eat here & support businesses with poor customer service in today's economy!  There are plenty more deserving businesses in Charlotte that deserve the patronage, because they care!
2	I went to this location for a MMA fight. I have been to several BWW and had a great experience but this one was not good.  It wasn't as packed as I thought it would be but it was definitely full. There are a ton of TVs which would make it a great place to watch a fight.  The prices were fairly steep but they didn't charge a cover for the fight which was on pay-per-view. the service was just okay. the bar tender only came by when our glasses had been empty for a while. We ordered food which was okay and over priced for what we got. The clientele was not my crowd. At one point someone almost start a fight. It's just not a place I will go back to.
2	Medicre food and lousy service... After a conference a group of three of us went to BWW for an early support around 6:00 on Sunday. Greeter was polite and took us thru the restaurant towards the back. It was definitely NOT crowded by any stretch of the imagination.Ordered a round of beers and read thru the options. Waittress came back to take our orders but did not offer to get us more beers even though two of the drinks were empty. When the food came asked her for another round because the time the food arrived we were all on empty. Also asked her where the appetizer was... She clearly forgot about it and said she we check to see what the hold up was.She eventually brought the appetizer with no explanation or asking if we still wanted it... Sat it down and left, again without refilling our drinks.Just maddening to be treated so dismissively when it isn't busy and we are spending from an expense account. Could have been a nice time but we were happy to leave and go to a bar at EpiCenter.
2	Wings were good but the service was not good at all. Walked in the front door and waited with 2 other guys and had to get a server's attention to be seated. Our server was ok bit we asked for dipping sauces and refills before we got them.
3	Soooo I guess there is a reason why they call it "Buffalo Wild Wings" and not "Buffalo Wild Burgers". Note to self: order food that's in the title.I guess because Having a waffle turned out so well at Crispy Crepe, I could go 2 for 2. Yeeeeaaaa... Didn't work out so well.The burger was dry and the patties were flat. Having two patties on the burger with the steak... It Was just my eyes being bigger than my stomach. Was not a good idea. Steak was aight. Not the best but decent. So me and my gluttonous self ordered some hot wings and blue cheese. I looooooove hot wings and blue cheese. (Their ranch sux too). I just wanted one wing... Just one rib... I mean wing. I ate that one wing that night... And polished off the rest the next day. Gud!Note to self: order wings at a place with "wings" in the name.
3	We were there for cocktails and appetizers.  Gosh I really wan't impressed.  Can remember the waitress's name but she did not know what a Scotch was. They only had two choices for Scotch Chivas and Dewars.  Was not impressed with either one.  Their wings were OK, I preferred the original better.I got the hottest wing they serve and I cannot remember the name.  It didn't even tickle.
1	Multiple times I've placed take-out orders and it's taken 40 plus minutes to receive my simple order of chicken wings. THAT'S THEIR SPECIALTY WINGS!!!!! It should never take that long to get an order of wings. On occasions I've tried to order a beer there while I wait and was given excuses as to why the keg was clogged. I've mentioned to the manager several times my displeasure in their speed and service. Nothing was ever done to make things better. Avoid at all cost!
1	The food is even worse than the service (which is terrible).  The BBQ sandwich was so salty it was utterly inedible.  The clueless waiter stood there dumbfounded as I told him I was not paying for it.  I do not see how this place stays in business with service, and food this bad.
3	If you're in the mood for wings and beer, and you're hanging out or staying in the Uptown Charlotte area, then this is the place to go.They have tons of different sauce/flavor options for the wings, a good selection of appetizers, and lots of different beers to choose from.
1	Sigh. This was one of few/open choices that was walkable from my hotel. I had the black bean burger and fries. Bland and boring and only lukewarm. Then I ordered some pretzels to-go with two different sauces, got back to the hotel and, you guessed it - no sauce! I'm pissed because a to-go order is not rocket science! Of course, I should have  checked my order before leaving, but I thought the bartender/kitchen staff were competent folks. Lesson learned. Never again.
3	Look, it's a wing place so don't expect the moon. Good beer selection and the number/orientation of TVs is exactly what I'd expect from a sports bar. Not all sauces are good so when in doubt stick with mango habanero. Service was fine at this location however I came pretty early in the day. I'm a fan of the concept but wouldn't come to a bdubs on a busy  night without realistic expectations of less than stellar service.
1	Service is slow as always. The wings were a bit cold. They're probably left out for a while before it was served. They were very stingy with the jerk sauce on the wings and not 100% of the wings were covered with sauce. BWW is a good place to visit. Just don't visit this NASCAR HOF store unless you plan to have a 2 hour lunch.
1	My girlfriend & I stopped in for lunch while walking around the city. They were slow so we were seated quickly & our food came out fast as well. Although they were slow, our server checked on us infrequently. However, the mild boneless wings my girlfriend ordered were soggy & a bit chewy. When we asked if we could get her wings replaced, the server said "Well that's how they come, but if you want I can get a new order for you that's extra crispy." Seriously? Who wants soggy, rubbery chicken wings? This is not how they are supposed to come. We did get a new order, though, which was better. I almost always get the dry rub sauces & there was hardly any on my wings. The amount of sauce you get seems to differ from place to place which seems like a problem with training. The point of a chain restaurant is consistency & it's been very inconsistent for us lately. BWW is one of our staple restaurants and it's unfortunate that we had an experience like this here.
4	The food was great!   The service was fast and friendly.  We sat in the outside seating area which was a mistake. They allow smoking in that area which is a problem if you are a non-smoker trying to enjoy your meal.  Pets are also welcomed in the outdoor seating area, which is fantastic!  There are large TVs and good quality sound for the outside seating area which adds to the experience in a positive way.  The NASCAR Hall of Fame is visible from the dining area and is only about 100 feet away.
1	Worst one I've been to. Dolt hostess. Waitress tried but just doesn't have it. Hardly ever around. Kitchen was sooooo slow, even a light night. Wings and sauce average. Selection ok.
1	Typical buffalo wild wing. A little bigger than normal . Got seated quickly only to have 5 servers walk past us. 3 of which sat and had a conversation what tables they had or didn't. We where the next table over. Waited about 8 minutes until walking out. Servers all seem to be more into talking to each other than working.
2	I'll give it two stars because my chicken soft tacos were pretty good. Unfortunately:  - They brought out everyone's food except one person. It was at least 10 minutes before her food came. The waitress never came to the table one time during that 10 minutes.- Waitress was overhead by someone in our party, while walking to the bathroom, saying how she didn't care if we thought it was bad service. - Most people ordered boneless chicken wings. They came out in tiny little paper trays like you'd see at a state fair. No extras, no real plate, just soggy wings piled into a paper tray. - Other waitresses walked by and finally one offered to get two of us water. We were waiting for about 15 minutes with empty glasses.- The food took about half an hour to come out, despite the place being nearly empty on a Thursday night. - Their beer "specials" were $5.75 for a Dos Equis, $3.75 for a Bud Lite. I asked how much for a Sam Adams and she told me $4.50. It was $6.50.I can't say we'll ever be back again. There are so many other places to get wings.
3	I have been to a few Buffalo Wild Wings and this one was pretty much the same as the others. We went here after the NASCAR HOF for lunch as it was a convenient stop. The service was decent but not very attentive.
2	I'm giving this a two star rating only because the beer was good and our server attentive. The wings were horrible. The place was almost empty and for a Friday night at 6:30, this ain't good.
1	Bartender was rude. Girl w/short hair in particular. She was NOT friendly towards my friend and I. But as soon as some dudes sat down, girl perked right up. Second BWW I've been to, with TERRIBLE service.
