5	Having just moved to Noda and walking around to check out the Noda Grand Prix this past Sunday, the wife and I came upon the newest business to open in Noda. Ozpresso is a premium coffee house that makes some serious coffee drinks.  The owner was there getting some of the staff up to speed on the workings of the place as they have just really open and he even mentioned that they were still in soft opening mode.He was gracious enough to go through the menu with us and explained us his concept for his coffee shop. On top of coffee, they also have bagels and pastries.  I don't remember him mentioning any other food options, but hopefully some other options may be forthcoming.  I ordered a flat white, which is an Australian invention where there is steamed milked poured over espresso.  It is similar to a latte or a cappuccino, but it tasted very smooth and velvety. I don't like lattes and this drink was great, so there is definitely something different.  The wife got an iced coffee with almond milk.  It was good, but nowhere near as tasty as the flat white.  The owner mentioned that they can make any hot coffee drink into a cold coffee drink, which is good with the summer coming up.  I look forward to return soon and often, and our move to Noda is off to a great start.
5	Wonderful coffee with an Aussie twist! Have to get the flat white or the iced Aussie. They add ice cream to coffee! Beautiful location and the owner Jeff is really helpful and super friendly. Welcome to NODA and best of luck.
5	OzPresso is a beautiful NoDa corner shop filled with natural lighting, offering classic coffee options with an Aussie twist. I've tried the flat white, chai tea and regular coffee, and enjoyed each one. On my next visit I hope to try the iced Australian--an iced coffee with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, and cocoa powder.They also have soy and almond milk, and I recommend the latter with their house-made chai tea. The staff welcomes feedback on all of their menu items and are professional and friendly. They also have a loyalty program available, but I haven't checked it out yet. (Read on: http://m.rewards-us.com/ozpresso)
2	Ozpresso has a pretty location that is marred by two things: price and quality. I entered the building today in search of iced coffee. They told me it was available. Instead I got two shots of hot espresso poured over promptly melting ice. Add a shot of hazelnut and syrup, the total came to $4.83. I thought Starbucks was expensive. The taste was forgettable. Never again.
3	The staff is very friendly, the shop is very nice and located in Noda. The coffee how ever was not great, I tried a latte and I've had better. I don't know if I even want to give it another try. With Smelly Cat down the road and The Daily Press a block down (which is excellent btw) it will be hard to come back here. With the local competition that this coffee shop has, it's hard to give it a good rating. I see alot of great reviews but compared to other local shops here in Charlotte it has some catching up to do.  Still, I do see great potential, they do offer food, smoothies and other things that the other shops do not offer.
4	The guy at the counter was super friendly and helpful! He explained to me what exactly "Australian coffee" is and answered all of my questions and even gave me recommendations. Just as an FYI, I don't think they offer brewed coffee here, just espresso. Which is fine by me, I love strong coffee flavors and survive off the caffeine! But be aware that's what your going to get when you come here.
4	My new favorite spot!First, you must know, I am a tea person and Ozpresso offers loose leaf tea unlike other coffee shops in the area. Second, the staff is friendly and not pretentious which is also very rare in the arts district.  It was nice having a down to earth conversation as he brewed my tea... Very welcoming!Third, they provide actual MUGS.  (The environment smiling right now)And lastly, the decor is pretty great.  There's 5 or so small tables in the back... it's a rustic meets "modern chic" style which I love.  There's also a patio.I knocked off 1 star because they charged .60 for soy milk and another .60 for agave nectar.  I knew I'd be charged... but I appreciate it when cashiers announce extra charges.  But I'll still return.
5	Best Australian coffee and the only one I've ever had. Who would have imagined putting a scoop of ice cream in hot espresso? Whoever it was he/she is a genius!!!!
4	Great little coffee nook in NoDa. The feel is almost bar like. Ray was our barista this day and she was pretty awesome. Gave us all we needed plus let us try a new drink she was developing which was awesome! This place is definitely deserving of a warm welcome to the neighborhood.
