5	Hotshotvegas.com makes me feel vip every single time i use their services. If anyone wants to experience vip vegas life at affordable price, hotshotvegas will make it happen.  I recommended my friends and they got treated just as great. Very satisfy: )
5	My girlfriends and I went to Las Vegas to celebrate a bachelorette party and Hot Shot Vegas provided us with the best service ever! We were so well taken care of and had a great time at the pool party and day bed they set up for us. It was complete VIP treatment and we highly recommend them to anyone else. We will definitely contact them again in the future for any Las Vegas event needs.
5	Jason from Hotshot was phenomenal with helping me plan a 21st birthday weekend for my daughter and 5 friends of hers. He matched up clubs with their likes, hooked them up every day and every night we were there, from transportation to guest lists and his knowledge of Vegas and all the nightlife options made for a perfect weekend for them. He kept I'm contact with us the entire time to make sure all went as planned and if we needed anything else. I could have never pulled all the events together without his help. The girls still talk about how that birthday trip will be hard to top! I look forward to using them again next April fort own girls trip next April!  5 star service for sure!!
5	Everytime I need help with club guestlist, Hotshotvegas has always bren very helpful! Totally hooked us up for our graduation celebration also!
5	Hotshotvegas.com is an incredible resource for locals. Anytime I need a weekend "away" or just want to have a fun night on the strip and not drive home - I call Jason.  Hot Shot Vegas always gets me amazing rooms at a super discounted price. Tons of incentives, great customer service and I NEVER have to wait for an answer to my questions.  Hot Shot Vegas is also perfect for when friends are in town visiting and want to go party. I Just send them to HSV and they always have a blast.HIGHLY recommend this company. Super fun people. Super fast service.
5	Hit up Jason at Hot Shot Vegas. He is the man and will hook it up with everything you need or even if you just have some questions. Lots of Vegas promoters are sketch and communication is weak. Jason is not like that. He is prompt with his services. Communication is clear and he always tells it like it is and won't sugar coat things. He really is the man to go to in Vegas.
5	I was introduced to Hot Shot Vegas in 2009. My party of ladies were hooked up then and continues to do it today in 2013 ! Staffed with incredible hosts and Great Customer Service this Always my go to in Vegas. I always receive a prompt response and the staff is NEVER too busy to respond to a party hookup request!!!! I used the online guest list service for the first time this year - and am blown away at its efficiency! I received a response just as it said I would and I had no problems getting in to the club! Super easy, super convenient. Having partied in Vegas quite a few times - I have witnessed other parties being lied to or blown off by a promoter .... this has NEVER happened with me with Hot Shot Vegas. People come to Vegas to have a good time - guarantee your 'good time' by choosing to use their service.If you want a fluid flowing hookup - I'd recommend them.
5	I have used Hot Shot Vegas for the past 2 years now and every Vegas trip I've had has been a success. They are friendly, helpful people (which is hard to find in Vegas these days ha!) who are on the ball and do everything they can to make my trips as fun as possible. I recently used their online guest-list program and getting into clubs was a breeze!Their bottle service connections are great and they even helped me get $300 off of the price of a suite that I booked. I definitely recommend them to anyone planning a Vegas trip, big or small, they know exactly what they're doing.
5	I had a group of friends come visit from my hometown and we used HotShot Vegas to plan out our whole week!  We received a call from Jason who helped plan out the whole week for our group and he gave us the best VIP experience for a great price!  We skipped every line every venue we went to and were well taken care of!  Two thumbs up!!!
5	Hotshotvegas.com has great hotel rates and the best deal for your Vegas party! Their staff is amazing and Jason will go above and beyond any other host or party planner to make sure your weekend is perfect.  They will work with you to make your party better than you could every imagine.  I won't use anyone but Hot Shot Vegas in the future, and you shouldn't either.
5	I live in Los Angeles so my friends and I make trips to Vegas on a regular. Every time we go, Jason always gets us access to the best clubs. I let him know when I'm coming down (sometimes last minute) and he gives me options for day and night clubs for each day of my trip. I don't have to do any work, as soon as I wake up every morning Jason has already sent me the information needed to get in. HE'S THE BEST!
5	I have had an excellent experience being a client of Jason's since 2007.  His years of industry knowledge and expertise reflect in his deep understanding of his customers and their needs while visiting Las Vegas.  When in the process of planning a trip or if I just happen to be in town, Jason is my primary and only point of contact I reach out to help plan out my evenings during my stay.  Jason and his staff are incredibly responsive to my request, and are in constant contact with me throughout the evening to make sure my group and I are being taken care of.  Naturally, I have referred HotShotvegas.com to friends and colleagues on numerous occasions. Not only do they stand behind their commitment in delivering the best client experience possible, they've also set the standard on what a quality nightlife concierge service should be.
5	I am so late reviewing this, but I'm finally getting around to it.  I found out about Jason and Hot Shot Vegas through a work colleague of mine because I made him aware that I was going to Vegas for my batchelorette party and it was going to be good/wild times.  He referred me to Jason and I passed that information onto my sister/MOH.  She mentioned that Jason was very prompt in responding and made sure we were going to have a great time.  I was mostly in the background and just was the one that mentioned the clubs I wanted to go to see and been seen as I sported my fabolous batchelorette sash!I'll put this the best way I can - I asked that we were to be placed on the guestlist on each and every club we went to.  We were placed on the guestist but not only that we were "treated" to a few drinks on the house until 12pm at most of them.  Free drinks til 12 -- That's not a problem for me or my crew, as we're familiar with taking drinks down quick .  Jason was quick to respond whenever I asked my sister to ask him "a few questions" or "how's the guestlist looking for X place".  Every time we would stroll up there around 1am and were welcomed with open arms.  I think I paid a total of $30 to get in at Chateau (but that was my fault for getting there at 2 when Ginuwine was there).  But check this out, that was nulled because a 'fan' thought that wasn't acceptable and made sure I had drinks flowing the entire night.  Anyways, I sent a note to Jason when we departed and thanked him so much for all of the help and for making a BIG part of my batchelorette party in Vegas turn out to be the best time EVERRR.  I told him I'm retaining his number so when I returned to Vegas for the first time as a married couple I will be contacting him again.  5 star experience and Jason made sure my batchelorette party was as amazing as I am.
5	Whenever I'm in Vegas, Jason and Hot Shot Vegas is my go to.  I've been a client since 2009 and let me tell you, they take very good care of you.  As far as pre-planning, it is mostly through email communication but they are very responsive and get back to you quick. You tell them what you want (what clubs you want to go to, hotels, stripper shows, transportation, etc.), your budget, and they provide you with exactly what you need and also provide other suggestions.During the event (nightclub), Jason was with us the entire time.  He walks us in with no problems and makes sure that we were taken care of.I will always continue doing business with Jason and Hot Shot Vegas. I highly recommend them for a no fuss, Vegas trip!
5	Will highly recommend! Jason was very on top of things, follows through all concerns, and very reliable. Made my vegas weekend with friends fun and a weekend to remember. Thanks again:)
5	Jason is the man! I was put into contact with him by a friend who had the pleasure of working with him for his bachelor party. My friend raved about him so I reached out and he took good care of me and my girlfriends this past weekend. He is super friendly and prompt with his responses. Thanks Jason for always staying true to your word and for being a great promoter! We will be back!
5	I have visited Vegas about four times within the past year and Jason at Hot Shot Vegas has helped make our experiences unforgettable!!! Seriously! Every visit myself and my group of girlfriends get treated like QUEENS! Each and every trip Jason has been my go to contact and has not let me down!He has been very fast to respond to our request and has helped make all of our Vegas dreams come true! I recommend himself and the company to anyone in a small or large group. He really enjoys what he does and is great at it. Looking forward to my Vegas trip this weekend!
5	Hotshotvegas.com is the way to go!!! Jason is the man in Vegas!! I've been going to him for 4 years now!! Best rates,VIP guestlist and fast response!! Don't go with random promoters go with the best. I was just there this weekend and I'm going again 4th of July weekend!!! I love party!!! thanks for always taking care of my peeps and I?!!
5	Hot Shot Vegas definitely took care of our bachelorette party while we were in Vegas. Jason was very easy to reach and always available. Hot Shot Vegas was extremely accommodating to all of our needs. They were also able to help us out getting into clubs based on our budget.I definitely recommend them for whatever size party you have. Pricing was very reasonable and it beat standing in a taxi line any day of the week! =)Thanks again Jason!! You made our trip so much smoother... I will definitely be giving you a call on our next trip out!!
5	Hot Shot Vegas is brilliant. You can plan your entire Vegas trip through them - from hotels, day clubs, night clubs, table service, VIP lines, shows, limo rides, & more. Jason is THE BEST. He is the nicest, most amazing person and will take care of every client with the utmost care whether you use him once, or is a regular. (If you use him once, you WILL become his regular though :) ) I highly recommend Jason to anyone planning a trip to Vegas - you will not be disappointed!
5	One of the best girls trip ever. Thanks so much jason. U rock.
5	Jason is internationally known as the guy to pull off all your vegas needs seamlessly,  to create an incredible trip. My UK friends and I won't go to anyone else!
5	Have been to Vegas 4 times, and this was my first time using Jason. Best service I have ever encountered. I will NEVER go to Las Vegas again without contacting Hot Shot Vegas first. Amazing service!!!! Jason hooked us up at all the best clubs, and provided us with everything we wanted and more. If you want to have the best time you could possibly have then you cant go wrong here. Will no doubt be contacting him next year.Thanks again Jason. You're the man.
5	Went through Jason and his guys for three bachelor parties and some random weekends in Vegas. They took care of everything we needed from Hotels, Clubs, Etc. All we had to do was show up. Pre-pay feature made it easy and the staff confirmed everything prior to the trips. Made it easy and convenient and customer service is off the charts. Highly recommended. Great stuff
5	Hot Shot Vegas is definitely the go-to for your entire Vegas trip! I was just in Vegas this past weekend and I had the most amazing time thanks to Jason and his team at Hot Shot. They will give you the best rates at any hotel, get you free entry at almost any club and give you the best bottle service pricing on the strip! I've been to Vegas so many times and I've paid so much for many things, yet with Hot Shot I spent so little! I can definitely say that it was my most affordable trip yet.If you want fast responses, great customer service, and anything from a hotel, limo, entry, to bottle service I would definitely recommend using Hot Shot Vegas!Jason and his team really go out of their way to save you money and ensure you have the most amazing time!
5	By far the greatest party planning website!!!!! Got the greatest deal for our room and then to top it all off they got us on the guest lists for the nightclubs and what better way then to finish the night off at a Male strip club!!!!! Thank you so much HotShot Vegas!!!! Keep up the great work. We will tell all of our friends to use you guys !!!!!!
5	I've worked with many of these companies/promoters, and Jason with HotShotVegas is easily the best. At the cheapest rate available, he hooked my group up with the BEST table at the club-- right on the dance floor. And he made the entire process simple and painless. I will absolutely be using his services again, and I recommend him to everyone.
5	My man, Jason.I was put in touch with Jason about a year and a half ago when my cousins from London met him during a bachelor party.  I go to vegas quite often and they were coming from over the pond to spend some major cash on their bachelor party.  They told me that they had gotten their bottle service set up by some company that they had found online.  An alarm immediately went off in my head and I told them to send over what they were getting so that I could tell them if they were getting ripped off or not.To my surprise they were getting STELLAR pricing.  I ended up kicking my current promoters to the curb and started going through Jason.Fast forward to today I have done two recent trips (one bachelor party and one couples trip) both with bottle service and my service and pricing have been second to none.  Both weekends that I was there were big holiday weekends and Jason could not have been more helpful.  He stayed on top of his game even though he had a packed schedule and he always makes it a point to come out and see me no matter where I am.I will continue to book my own personal trips through him and refer him to my countless friends that frequent las vegas.  Service is a huge must in any business like this and Jason has got it down 100%.  Keep doing what you are doing and the possibilities will be endless for you, sir!-DeepakLos Angeles, CA
5	I can't imagine going to Vegas again without having my trip set up by Hot Shot Vegas. Great hotel deals, no lines for clubs, awesome bottle service prices, and top notch customer service. Don't go to Vegas without getting in touch with Jason first. You won't be disappointed.
5	I recommend using Jason for any trip or event in Vegas.The customer service he provides, is nothing but perfect. I went out for my buddies birthday celebration and the whole weekend was full of excitement and amazing memories. I will never go to Vegas and not use Jason!! Thank you Jason for the best time ever in vegas!!
5	Just did a Saturday night turnaround trip and Jason hooked us girls up with open bar from 11pm-1am at the hard rock club body english! We use him every time we go and he's great! Bachelorettes and bachelor parties especially, Jason is the best!
5	I have a lot of clients that attend Las Vegas and this company is who I call on a continue basis in order to take care of all my clients. The CEO and his employees provide high quality service and THE BEST PRICING with bottle service, hotel bookings, show tickets and limo services. I wouldn't go anywhere else, honestly. From my understanding, they do such high volume of bookings, that they companies give them better pricing on especially table service and bachelor / bachelorette parties. I noticed he practically has 5 star reviews and that is very accurate. I even used his service to book a party for New Years, Memorial Day and Labor Day events for the past few years...  And since those are some of the busiest days of they year, HotShot ALWAYS came thru when other promoters in the past denied me or gave me outrageous prices... So If you're looking to book a bachelor party, table service at tryst, surrender, hakkassan, light or even at wet republic / encore beach club pool parties, you're not going to find a better company.Plus, we had a great host name Joy who took care of all our needs when I personally used them. She personally walked us in, made sure we got the table quickly. No waiting in line.. And a few times, she grabbed some of our friends that came late, that we're stuck outside of the club, with no problem!
5	Hot Shot Vegas is a one-stop shop for all your Vegas needs! Hotel rooms, dinner reservations, show tickets, exclusive nightclubs - you name it and they can set it up! They'll work with your demands and your budget. Everything from a quiet and classy dinner and show, to a bottles popping by the DJ booth mind-blowing kind of night. And regardless of what you choose, you'll get the same 5-star treatment afforded to each and every one of their clients.Make no mistake about it - the owner Jason and his crew are not some run-of-the-mill promoters handing out "front of the line club passes" (which really get you NOWHERE) on street corners. They're a full-fledged Las Vegas experience planning service that ensures your Vegas trip is an unforgettable one.I met Jason years ago, and after having partied with him personally, I've been referring clients to him for years. These referrals are personal friends whom I would only trust in the reliable hands of Jason. I've sent clients ranging from a couple only looking to get on the discounted/comped guest list on a big DJ night, to bachelor parties looking to have their entire multi-day trips planned out for them with no hassle. Each and every referral I've sent his way has come back to me with nothing but the utmost praise.If you're looking to take a trip out to Vegas, do yourself a favor and give Hot Shot Vegas a jingle. You'll be glad you did.
5	I have worked with Jason twice in the past two years (Since 2013) of visiting Las Vegas. I was referred to him from a mutual friend. Off the bat, contacting him was so easy. Quite intimidating to just directly contact a CEO, but it was SO EASY!He was always available, and very direct with all the inquiries I had. The first year for my 24th birthday, he made sure my VIP bottle service at Chateau in Paris was AMAZING!!! He even stopped by to make sure we were all well.  He also gave me and my friend access to the clubs for Free with VIP. There were never ANY HICCUPS AT ALL!!The second year we went was for my friends birthday. Again, Jason made sure every night we had clubs to get into, which enhanced our experience greatly not having to worry about where to go! For my friends bday, we actually went to Tryst at the Wynn and got wonderful bottle service by the WATERFALL! Again, he joined us and we had an awesome time!I highly recommend Jason and HotshotVegas. He gives you the best deals and also works with your budget. There Is also NO HIDDEN FEES.  Its not like those other companies that keep you on hold, or try to get an extra buck, or just move you along. Once you reach out to him and use his services, you'll always keep coming back! I know I will.By the way, here's a list of some of the clubs I've been able to go to VIP, thanks to Jason-Chateau in Paris-Tao in the Venetian-Surrender at the Encore-LAX in Luxor-Haze in the Aria-Tryst in the Wynn-Marquee in the Cosmopolitan-Pure in Caesars
5	Jason was so good to me and my friends! Pool parties, clubs, bottle service, you name it he's got you covered! Would never go through anyone else!
5	Perfect wouldnt change a thing. wish they had a 6 star option
5	Jason really knows how to make a party happen.  Going to Vegas is stress free when you put him in charge. He knows the latest and greatest and gives the best deal possible! I don't go to Vegas without using his services. It makes your vacation just that much better! !
5	Easily the best company to book your Vegas weekend!! Jason hooked it up better than any promoter ive worked with before and you know us guys need it! He treated my group and I more like his friends than just another credit which I respect. I will never go with another company for my Vegas trips!!
5	I have nothing but great things to say about the Hot Shot Vegas crew! Being from LA, Vegas is always a fun get away and Hot Shots Vegas always makes it super easy for me to plan the weekend. It doesn't matter the size of the group or what we want to do, they find a way to make it happen. Over the summer I was there with a group of girlfriends for a bachelorette party. It can get complicated having so many girls to accommodate but Jason happily took care of everything  and we had the best time! Sent our girl in to married life the best way we could. I highly recommend you let Hot Shot Vegas take care of you next time you make a visit to Vegas, no hassle, no stress, ALL FUN!! Thanks again for always treating us so well!
5	Just so much beautiful fun, one of the very best nights we've ever had. and really worth the money! Let's face it: Vegas aint cheap. It's not even reasonably priced. If you're looking for that, you're looking at the wrong place. But once you bear that in mind, through these guys you really get not only the best possible deal, buat also great personalized service. Really Jason took great care of us from the beginning. I was dealing with him through a 8 hour time difference, and it was all smooth sailing from the first message. I actually contacted a few different guys and services, but Jason really stood out in both interactions and the offers presented. And on the day he was there waiting for us and making sure all our needs were attended to. He even got us deals to see deadmau5 the following day. Impressive, since we were 7 guys.If you're a group, HotShot is a no brained.Will be using them again when it's my turn for a bachelor's :)
5	Jason has never let me down when I'm in the mood for Vegas. I send all my friends to him whether they're looking for a degenerate gambling weekend, a romantic getaway, clubbing djs and partying, food, shows or all of the above. He can find amazing deals and experiences no matter what the date or occasion. It's hard to get the full Vegas experience if you don't know what you're doing. Jason does all the work for you!
