5	I went to the Acajou bar with a pretty large group for a friend's birthday party. I absolutely loved the food and the ambiance. The owner/chef and waitresses were really nice and friendly. I had the Feijoada and the cheese bread which were awesomeeeee...
5	This place is mind-blowing. Awesome home-cooked style Brazilian food at an affordable price. Perfectly grilled meats, great vegetarian options, and savory smoothies (try the mango!) Don't get discouraged by the long cooking times - the owner/chef is making everything a la minute in the back. This place is simply glorious. To add even more to the proverbial pie, the owner gave us bowls of what I can only describe as the best lentil soup I've ever had, on the house, because of the wait. This is a gem that should not be ignored!
5	FANTASTIC!Authentic!Delicious!My boyfriend was raised in Brasil and has really missed home cooking. He cannot say enough good things about Acajou Br*The picanha (simple Brasilian strip) was tender and juicy, and GREAT size for only $17!The feijoada was fantastic! The owners mother was in the kitchen and served us as well, very comforting.If you are looking for TRULY authentic Brasilian cuisine, run AWAY from La Milsa and into ACAJOU BR!
5	Try the Xim Xim (I think pronounced "zim zim"). I had it! A-freaking-mazing. Best dish on the menu.The first time I went here, my friends and I were wandering down St-Laurent looking for Indian food. We walked by and took a look a the menu posted outside. Being students, we were a little irked by the prices and were discussing this. A lady overheard us and started to say the food was really quite good. She then said she was the owner and makes all the food herself. She even used to have a catering business that served movie productions (hence the photos on the wall). So she promised us that if we didn't like the food, we would get our money back! We got in there, and (I think) one of her sons was the waiter for the day. He was hilarious while we waited for the food (which was just a tad long but so, so worth the wait). We ordered appetizers and main dishes. Main dish proportions were large, easily could feed two people but it was so good I ate it all myself.Last, we tried one of the drinks, I forget the name, but it was a specialty with limes and crushed ice and Brazilian liquor. The next time I was there, I ordered two of them. (And hey, at six bucks, they're not too bad!)Basically, really friendly people and amazing food was had at Acajou. Go!
5	We were visiting from Toronto and are avid diners. We went to Acajou on a whim not really knowing what to expect since iIt was our first time tasting Brazilian food; and what an amazing experience! We had the Picanha  and the Feijoada. The Picanha was great tender & cooked just right but it was the Feijoada dish that completely blew us away. The cook who is also the mother and owner of the restraunt, smokes the pork in that dish herself. Quick, efficient & friendly service. The Feijoada is a definite MUST try! Also ask for their specialty drink, sugar cane juice.
5	Acajou Br was so good I created a yelp account to post this review. The food was great and there were many vegetarian options, which is a rarity for Brazilian. Service was top notch, and it's the best meal I've had in Montreal so far.
4	Truly excellent Brazilian food. The owners are a witty Brazilian man and his mother. She handles all the cooking with precision. Nothing here is rushed, or can be, for that matter. The decor is quaint, the service laid back --almost to a fault -- but the caipirinhas are truly outstanding and the food reminded our Brazilian friend of his childhood. As for us, non-Brazilians, we were thoroughly enchanted by the whole experience. Strongly recommended. And the prices are very reasonable, by the way.
5	I tried Feijoada and Ximxim and both were delicious homemade dishes. The host is super friendly. Make sure to bring an appetite, these are filling comfort foods.
5	Great Brazilian food, awesome experience.The owner is a funny man who made our dinner even better with his great sense of humor. The food was delicious, very home made, I had feijoada and my husband had xin-xin. Both were awesome.
4	I was torn between giving this 3 or 4 stars. I decided to be nice :) The food here is really good! It tastes authentic and you don't leave feeling overstuffed, greased out or nasty. I found the Caipirinha to be okay - nothing really to scream about, but the other reviewers like it, so I would give it a try. Per the other yelp suggestions, we tried the Feijoada and Ximxim. Both were very very delicious.The thing about this place is the wait. We waited for more than an hour before we got our food and there was only one other party in the restaurant. It may be because the mother is the only one cooking. Yes, I appreciate that home-cooked style feeling, but not at the expense of me waiting more than one hour for any action. Another cook would be better. So, totally up to you. If you don't mind waiting a really long time, need some time to catch up with your long lost friend or lover - go here. But if you want something delicious and quick, keep walking.
5	Visited Montreal for a weeklong family vacation last month. We had a lot of great food at various price ranges, some higher some lower. Went to the famous smoked meat places, got bagels, poutine (several times), the orange drink, etc. and even had some great Chinese food. Loved most of it.... but out of all the places we ate, Acajou Br is the one meal still on my mind! Their feijoada in particular is wonderful. They don't have many reviews but it should tell you something that all of them are very good. This is my first Yelp review.... I'm usually the guy who thinks "if a restaurant got my money, and I didn't send anything back, that should be enough positive feedback for them" but I truly hope more people learn about this place so they can thrive!
4	Great and authentic Brazilian food. Pastel, coxinha and the feijoada were absolutely perfect!
