4	The classic. The knockwurst did not have the mushy texture of Campbell's Frank's and Beans, the beans were still firm, all in all, fantastic.I have been back three or four times, and have yet to try anything else. Love it.
2	If you like value I highly suggest you eat elsewhere.  I had the pork and beans here recently and am not sure I will be back often.  With a drink it was over $12.  I could live with that if it was a great meal that left me satisfied but wow!  When I got the meal I wondered what was wrong.  It basically came in this small half-pound looking container and that was it.   I suppose the picture of it on this page is about right but KNOW it is zoomed way in to screw up your sense of scale.  A small thing of beans with a few scant slices of sausage is not enough to fill me up and not worth $12.That said the taste was good and I like what they are going for.  Maybe I would try something else on the menu or if they ever have coupons... I have worked downtown for over a decade so I know there are better options for the discriminating consumer.
2	Kerry Simon has disappointed me. With use of such high quality ingredients I know something spectacular could have taken place. Maybe it's because their new, maybe I am just not a fan. Either way, this spot did not impress. I was so excited to first go to Container Park, and second, try new food. Of course one of my first choices would be the Kerry Simon place. Plus the BBQ joint was out of ribs and brisket! This seemed like the place to go. My boyfriend and I each ordered the Boss hog. A sausage on a fresh roll with their house made spicy mustard and grilled red peppers. Not really what the description read, however that's what we received. Also ordered Kerry's famous sliders, chili, and mac and cheese. First complaint, not that it's small (hello name container park) but the fact that when sitting outdoors, we didn't have the option of the cool tray with a pickled relish, spicy ketchup, and Dijon mustard. And when I asked for a tray, the lady was confused and said "well what would you like I'll get you a side" I should have said everything on the tray, however I simply got mustard and sat down. In the cold, outside, without a working heater. As I watched every other place have a heater on, P&B, did not. Second complaint, we clearly said we were sharing an order of sliders, and somehow we received 2 orders. (I was wondering why our bill was so much) I was hoping these sliders would be over the top amazing. Nope. Good quality beef, a fresh tomato, and TINY piece of bacon that didn't even reach every bite, and some onion jam that was bland. Disappointment all around other than the actual quality of meat. In the sandwich and the sliders, I could tell the meat was decent. The chili was probably the best thing we had. If you like meat and not beans, this ones for you. However it needed a dollop of sour cream and some onions! Maybe even crackers?! Not just cheese.  The mac and cheese was super average. The flavor would have been OKAY, had it not been over spiced with fresh herbs. I don't think a hint of mint goes well in mac and cheese personally. We were sitting there saying "we should have gotten tacos, look at those heaters working." If I hear about a turnaround, or them "working out the kinks" maybe I'd return. But honestly, it isn't likely.
2	Went to container park to try new bites.....so sad that this was not what we were hoping for. Sliders were lack luster decent flavor beef but onion marmalade didn't really taste like anything. The Mac n cheese again not anything to rave about and quite pricey for such a small little bowl. I hope they read these reviews and do a little tweek. I'll give them a second chance just not for awhile.
5	There's something for you here, vegans. I highly suggest the Pig-Freed and Roy and the side of potatoes. They also have smart dogs upon request. If you have any questions about whether or not something is vegan, the friendly staff can answer any of your questions. If you get a chance to talk to Chef Mike he's a sweetheart.
4	The little Pork and Beans diner stays true to it's name and the food is bursting with flavor. The menu is inexpensive and simple so it's not difficult to decide what your appetite may be craving. Also they have this homemade pickle relish that is to die for! A definite recommendation!
5	I am a big fan of the flavorful dark chocolate Bacon made perfect for the palate!   Kerry's, Iron Chef, sliders are so popular that you better get there early to purchase them.  The hotdogs are made to perfection with all the right ingredients.  The Pork-Tugese tasted wonderful with one of my favorite ingredients, kale.  My nephew loved the food on the Kids Menu.  He had such a wonderful time that he can't wait to come back.  This family friendly place is definitely a must!
2	My husband and I were in town and come across this restaurant..loved the name and we love Mac & Cheese so we decided to stop for dinner there. It was a Sat. night around 7:00 pm when we arrived, the place is small (container) so I would say there was one family sitting next to us, one person inside just standing waiting for his order and I am not sure how many customers sitting outside waiting for their order.We order the Gourmet Toasted Cheese Sandwich, the 3 Cheese Mac & Cheese and the Sliders also 2 beers. The young lady taking our order acting like she really didn't wait to be there and didn't even ask if we wanted our beer as we waited so we just sat down.  After waiting 15 minutes and seeing another guy get his beer as soon as he ordered I went back to the young lady and asked if we could have or beer, she asked me if I wanted to order 2 beers I said no we already did and payed for them she then asked me what kind and finally got them.Now the family that was sitting next to us has received their food, ate it and had left and we are still waiting for our food, plus a worker from the BBQ place in Container Park came over order food after we had ordered and received it before it before we received our food..it is now 7:20 and we see a cheese sandwich sitting in the window and my husband says he is sure this one must be his..after about 5 minutes of sitting in the window the young lady finally brings the sandwich over to him....which was cold..had no taste, there was suppose to have basil on it..nope no basil..it was cold and dry sandwich...next came the mac & cheese...a little hotter but again if there was 3 cheeses in there I will eat a hat!   To me it tasted like a cold Macaroni Salad. Most of the time when I have dinner with my husband I like to eat with him not in this case after my husband received his sandwich and mac/cheese and was eating while I still had to wait for my sliders..which I am happy to say were really good..I ended up letting my husband have one since his meal was so bad. So we thought would be a quick dinner turned into more than a hour, I would say they have some work to do, faster service and trained your staff to be a little more warmer. Would we eat there again, maybe I really did love sliders and my husband would like to try the pork and beans..so I hope next time is better.
2	I came here on a Sunday afternoon. It was moderately busy. The price was OK, $9 for my meal. But I think the experience could have been better.Food: Pork and beans with sauerkraut. Flavor was good, but not very spicy and heavy on the BBQ. - 3.5 starsService: Slow, they unapologetically forgot my order - 1 star.
1	Confused staff , forgot our order and went on to tell me that I never paid , when I showed my receipt showing paid and waiting another 20 minutes for food . Food was ok , no hot sauce available .. Not even Tabasco
2	Located near the entrance of the Downtown Container Park. Do yourself a favor and walk around the park a little more before deciding what you're going to eat.With a name like Pork & Beans you'd think I would get real excited. You can call me an expert to pork and beans. It is my favorite dish. I've had them all and eat it at least once at week. Van Camp's, Campbell's, Bush's, Heinz, etc. LOLKidding aside. Yeah I dunno about this place. Supposingly Pork & Beans is one of Kerry Simon's places, who I guess is a celebrity chef from what I read. The menu, at least the menu I was presented with, included items like pork and beans, chili, sliders, hot dog, and few more ranging from $4-$9. Nothing that seemed impressive. It was more like I'm not gonna pay $9 for a hotdog especially when I just saw a sign across the street at El Cortez for a prime rib meal for $9.99.  I did however decide to try something, went with the Fancy Grilled Cheese being that it was priced in the middle at $7. It was aged cheddar with basil and tomato in a sourdough, seemed promising, it had "Fancy" in the name. But when it arrived I was truly disappointed. It really was just 2 slices of bread with a very little cheese, tomato, and basil. The fillings didn't even reach the edges of the bread and didn't even come with anything extra like fries or pork and beans. For $7 and from a chef or "celebrity chef" I would've expected more. Fancy!? I little kid could've done better. Let's just say I went to the nearest grocery store buy a loaf of bread, some cheese, a bag of tomato, and other items, even a can of pork and beans and go have a 5 year old make something fancy and better for about $7. I wonder what my food would have been like if I paid a dollar or 2 more.Even though I didn't try anything else, from what I saw in pictures and what came out to others I wouldn't mine giving them a 1 also, a 2 star might be generous. I even heard table next to me making fun of their food. They should've added a side of pork and beans to each item for the same price charged.You don't have to go to Pork & Beans to get their food. There was a waitress going around the 2nd floor tables near Boozery, seemed weird since she gave me a drinks menu from the bar downstairs and a food menu from Pork & Beans which was all the way on the other side. She brought me food so I paid her.
2	I ordered the classic pork and beans. While I'm no baked beans expert, I felt perhaps they were undercooked.  The knock wurst was good but I felt the quantity of beans to meat ratio was tilted heavily in favor of the beans and again those were not good. Through in the value proposition at $8 and it's just not good. Even worse, is they have the gall to charge $3 for a coke.  It's not a place I would recommend...
3	It was alright. Tasty enough to eat. Not tasty enough to return.This is a little eatery in the Container Park. They mostly have hot dogs (er, sausages) and pork and beans. They also have a couple of draft beers, soda, and water.The wait to order was nil. The wait to get our order was over 20 minutes. Not exactly worth the wait.There is some seating inside and plenty of seating outside.The pork and beans we had was a decent-sized portion. It had an ok flavor. But it wasn't really all that good. Again, good enough to eat if you're hungry. But not good enough that I'd order it again. Maybe other menu items are more worth it?
2	the overriding theme in this review will be: CAN I LIVE??this would have been my second visit to this establishment, because I really enjoyed their chili for $7. I loved putting their pickles in it the first time I ever ate there - the ONLY time I ever ate there. last night's encounter made me lose my appetite, literally. I had a craving for said chili and said pickles. I walked over since I was downtown already. I came to this stupid, fucking container park for specifically THIS reason - to get chili and pickles. but as soon as I walk in, I'm harassed/embarrassed by two dudes standing on the patron-side of the counter. the one on the left seemed normal, and probably embarrassed, too, to be seen with his other friend on the right, who was a total douche.I know Tony Hseih "built this city" so we could all "collide" and be friends, but sometimes I just want to order some dinner and go home. no, I don't want to have a stop-and-chat. no, I don't want to talk about my camera and what pictures I take with it. i'm glad you think my jacket is really cool, and that's lovely, but please stop talking to me. CAN I LIVE? Clearly, I'm the coolest female walking around downtown - I dress well, have that 'New Yorker vibe' (apparently?), and ride a bicycle - but that doesn't mean you have the right to accost me, especially when I, and someone running the establishment, asks you politely - and multiple times - to leave the customer alone.how many times do I have to ask you to stop speaking to me? why do I have to answer your questions, protector of the counter? if you already ordered, can you move aside so I can order? I guess the guy on the left assumed (incorrectly) that they were all hitting on me. he actually said, "just so you know, we're all gay." to which I replied, "okay? cool? you assume i care. why does this matter? all i want is dinner." my body language and overall demeanor says, "please. stop. I don't want any attention at all, I'm just hungry." forgive me for 'looking cool,' but that doesn't mean I don't deserve the respect of being left alone when asked.I actually said this, too, but no matter. sigh. to be fair, the guy behind the counter was trying to get him to stop, but no luck, either. even though he told them if he lost a customer because of them, he'd kick their ass, the douche didn't stop. I actually lost my appetite entirely because of this guy and left. pork 'n beans: your food is good, though slightly overpriced. I know it's not your fault - you are paying astronomical rent to be in a shipping container that Tony Hseih probably got for free somewhere on the coast of Cali. and because he touched this once-meth-ridden-land with his golden dick, it is now stupid amounts of money for anyone to "collide" with each other. however, I was willing to pay again to eat there and be a returning customer. I know you don't choose your clientele, and I know this isn't your fault, but man, CAN I LIVE??
4	The Container Park is NUTS on Sunday mornings.  I mean seriously, NUTS.  It's packed with kids and families and people just every where. It's chaos!  But I kinda like it. I think. My friends and I were doing a photo shoot here and decided halfway through that we were dying of starvation.  I would've elbowed babies out of the way for a taco, but the Mexican place had a line out the door and down alongside the building.  I wasn't sure I was up for elbowing THAT many babies, so we sauntered over to their neighbor, Pork & Beans. I was extremely skeptical, as I am not a big "beans" fan, but my friends were uber excited and upon seeing that they had sliders, I relented.  I ordered the sliders and two sides, mac & cheese and red beans & rice.  Yes I know I just got done saying I wasn't a beans fan, but I was curious.  I also got a beer.  All of this together was about $19 - way more spendy than I would've like for lunch, but it was a lot of food, and I was STARVING.All of my food came within 15 minutes and I will say that I was extremely impressed. The sliders were so juicy and full of flavor.  The two sides were just a perfect size, at 2 for $5 I was able to share them with two of my friends. The red beans & rice were perfectly cooked with a bit of Cajun seasoning. SO GOOD that I want to go back and eat more.  The mac & cheese was good too, nothing spectacular, but with 2 spectacular things out of 3, I was happy. One of my friends ordered the grilled cheese and he said it was good, but it looked like a normal plain grilled cheese I'd make at home.  My other friend ordered world's best hot dog and said it was decent.
1	Smells amazing!!! That's about it, wait time was atrocious Staff seamed clueless and food was edible but nothing to write home about
2	The wait was ridiculous 35 min for 3 hotdogs is absurd! The staff was rude to top it off. Not worth it
2	So after much haraunging by my husband we were able to swing by the container park near Fremont street. It was after 9pm when all the under 18 crowd is kicked out so a peaceful uncrowded stroll through something akin to The Pearl District/Pioneer Square in Portland, OR. Piped in music and almost no crowd now, where to get some late night munchies after gambling for the last few hours at a local casino? Pork & Beans... ok I'm game name sounds cool, smelled delicious, and... well yeah. I got the Classic which is Pork and Beans with a garnish of a random piece of over cooked bacon (ie burnt) and parsley. The beans were blah, really gritty texture and had to ask for some of the stone ground mustard to put on it to give it some sort of flavor. They were also not very hot temperature wise. Now I want to make note that as someone who is a classically trained chef and whose mom was from the south I can appreciate a yummy rendition of southern food. This was not it, disappointed to say the least.My husband got the Ultimate Hot Dog, it comes topped with the stone ground mustard, carmelized onions, and chopped pickle relish on a hoagie roll that was toasted on a flattop. He enjoyed his food thoroughly. (He is a chef too, just fyi)We decided to try the rockyroad brownie as it looked tasty when served to some other patrons. Cold. Yes it was cold... and the parchment paper was still stuck to the bottom. Ugh, the flavor was awesome, chewy chocolatey goodness with toasted marshmellows and chunks of chocolate oh and lets not forget the crunchy walnuts mixed in too! Would have been way better warmed up with a dollop of whipped cream or the option of a scoop of vanilla icecream, just a thought. I guess if you are looking to serve people here in the dead heat of summer cold would be better, shrugs.Service was prompt, probably because the place was almost empty, and and the people there were nice. All seemed appreciative we were there, even the security guard checking our ids as we went in. Best part of the whole evening was the giant praying mantis out front whose antennae spit out 5 foot flames. If nothing else go check that out after dark!
4	Great quick and easy food, here is the place to go.Let's be clear, this isn't a 5 star, silver service sit down restaurant! It's place to grab either a quick bite or a small snack to eat while your going through the container park!I've been here quite a few times now at various times of the week and each time I've  had a great experience.Last time I was here I had a sliders. They came out well presented and cook all the way through. Other Times I've actually had the pork and bean cups which were quite tasty.The custom service is great with a nice clean sit down area inside and out.
2	If you list a menu item as "the world's greatest hot dog" it had better be damn good.  Mine was just okay..and luke warm.  And the mac and cheese lacked any kind of sharpness or flavor.  So, $15 for the hot dog, mac & cheese, and an ice tea...high by a couple of bucks...and just not very good.
4	Had the sliders and beans with kale. Very reasonable prices. Excellent quality. The burgers were cook perfectly. Maybe a touch more seasoning would make them even better. The beans were delicious. Kale and pinto beans. A bit unusual but delicious.
3	The pork beans are delicious, the portion is ok, whoever for the price it seems a lot for a bowl of  cut up hotdog and beans, $8.00.There is no one in line, because the prices?   You think?
4	Eaten here a few times and I'll eat here again.  It's a little pricey for what you get, but the quality of food is top notch. We have tried the grilled cheese,  The Pork-tugese, Classic Pork & Beans, The Pig-Freed and Roy, and chocolate covered bacon. The cashier and chef are always super friendly. If he's not busy he comes out from the kitchen to chat a bit.
2	I had high hopes this place would have some unique offerings but alas I was greatly disappointed.  My daughter got the hot dog and literally it was just a normal, store size, store tasting hotdog on a mostly stale bun.  The sliders I ordered had nice bacon but the patty was the size of a fat quarter and the bun was a shriveled mass of tasteless substance that reminded me of the rolls you get at the holiday inn express continental breakfast, except not as good.I couldn't tell if the person taking our order was rude or just didn't care because she showed no life.   Finally, pet peeve of mine.  Don't tell me you are serving me ginger ale if it is coke mixed with sprite from the bar.  No matter what they tell you, that isn't ginger ale.
