5	I was here the other night, and ended up eating donuts and snapping a few photos. Very friendly service, and some seriously delicious donuts!! :D I had a maple donut with sprinkles. The frosting had great flavor, and the donut was fluffy. My friends also agreed!The building where this is located is quite charming 1960's architecture, classic ranch house style mini shopping mall (worth the trip if you are a vintage obsessed person like me). Inside the donut shop it is clean, and decorated in typical simple urban donut shop fashion, with red booths and a well-stocked beverage cooler.I'll be back
5	This cute, humble donut shop is a hidden gem! I went here around 6pm and the donuts were still fresh and delicious. The Thai iced tea was also great (I got it without boba). Also they close at 8:00pm (not 8:00am how it states above)!
5	What a super cute little neighborhood donut shop!!   I got one of THEE best services here.  I had seen their eye grabbing sign each time I drove down Hayden road and I finally decided to stop by and try out some of their donuts and I can say "I WILL BE BACK!"  Not only do they have great donuts but they have the most genuine  friendliest  service I think I have ever had.!!The girl at the counter deserves a raise!!  Thanks Kindom Donuts I am coming back for sure and will no longer buy my donuts anywhere else.
5	The staff here are really sweet. I had a iced coffee with boba that was delicious and the donuts are super soft and fresh.
5	Very good Donuts! I would have to say the 2 donuts I had from here were better than Bosa donuts which I thought were the best in town. Good bye Bosa it was great Kingdoms here I come.
4	Fabulous service. We tried several different raised donuts, they tasted like they just came out of the oven. Great flavor, but just a tad bit greasy. Turkey sandwich on a fresh croissant was good.
4	We tried this out this morning instead of our usual trip to Dunkin down the block. The donuts were so fresh, and the raised donuts were exceptionally light! Less expensive and better quality than the other guys. My only critique is that they were almost too sweet. We'll be back!
5	The best donuts I have had anywhere (including bosa!). They are nice, have great service, they are clean, and their shop is cozy. They totally deserve 5 stars! I'll be back for their drinks!
4	I am usually a bit of a health freak but I had been craving a donut for like two months so I went for it. Was also wanting a taro smoothie so I took to yelp and decided this would be a great new place to satisfy my craving!Customer service-wise this place deserves five stars. The lady working there was very nice and friendly. She gave me a free "fancy" donut since it was my first time there, which was super awesome! I got a taro boba smoothie and my boyfriend and I got a half dozen to share (plus the free bearclaw. We got an apple fritter, an orange glazed donut, a cake donut with chocolate frosting ans sprinkles, a cake donut with coconut, a chocolate donut with coconut, and a cinnamon sugar donut. The taro smoothie had a delicious flavor, I think I personally just didn't react well to boba because I only had 1/4 of it and felt sick afterwards. The donuts were pretty tasty. I went at the end of the day when there were not a whole ton of donuts left, and not as fresh as in the morning, but there was still a good variety. My favorite was the cake donut with glaze and coconut, it was delicious! My bf let me try a bite of his apple fritter and that was pretty incredible as well. My least favorite was the orange glazed donut, the frosting tasted like Hi-C to me and it was just a little weird. Overall I was satisfied with my donut experience. I would certainly recommend this place to people living in the area, would like to come back in the morning when there are more donuts available and to try a new smoothie!
5	Great place to take kids for after school treat.  Mom and Pop atmosphere,  very clean, nice people.  My six year old says, This place is much better than Dunking Donuts!" Donuts are fresh.  They also have sandwiches. We have yet to try them.
5	Great tasting donuts. I ordered 2 glaze, 1 chocolate,  and 1 chocolate sprinkle. The donuts weren't heavy, they were light,  fluffy, and delicious!  The lady working was nice too. I will definitely come back.
5	Okay, really ---- who doesn't love donuts? Donuts make people happy and Kingdom's Donuts is definitely a hidden gem. It's located in a plaza off Thomas and Hayden directly across the street from the Dunkin Donuts. If you are browsing Yelp and think you should stop at Dunkin, think again and come to Kingdom's. I really hope this place makes it! The selection isn't as large as Bosa's or Dunkin but the customer service is great and the owner's really appreciate your business!The donuts are ah-mazing. I've had their breakfast sandwiches as well which are awesome. Stop by Kingdom's - you won't regret it!
5	These donuts are excellent and will take care of your sugar addiction. They also have a great selection of drinks to go with that sugar high.
5	What a great little place! I've gone several times now and can't say a bad thing. Their doughnuts are delicious, the croissants are fluffy, and their bagel sandwiches are great! I haven't experimented with many of the drinks, but the food is only second to their great service. Definitely stop by if you're in the area!
