1	I understand it's Christmas Eve but your hours on the menu and door say you open at 11 o'clock seven days a week  I could even understand if there was a sign that said closed for Christmas. At the very least a message on an answering machine. So I called your other location and they didn't know whether or not you were open but they were.  They asked if I smelled BBQ because maybe you were cooking in the back. Seriously?  I do love your food but Buzz BBQ got my money today.
1	All the shit I've gone through with this place, first it relocated and is not easy to find, 2nd when I do find it its during the holidays and its closed and now........I walked in the door 5 minutes after 4 and asked if they still served th lunch special-1 meat 1 side for $5.They said no-the rest of the menu is way overpriced, this place is in the sleaziest neighborhood right behind Little Darlings nudie bar.so i leftI never ate here but to me it's not worth it-no wonder the cook is packing heat.
2	I decided to come back and give it a try....ok maybe I didn't "decide" but I tried to find 2 other BBQ places Bird & Bones Premium Pit Barbeque on E Desert Inn- closed & Barbeque Masters Wood Smoked Eatery on Horizon Ridge in Henderon which I just couldn't find  and well I knew where this place was. When I pulled up there were people out back bbq'ing  on an open pit and it smelled really good.They have the big $5 lunch special sign out front and after looking over the menu I was disappointed they only serve chicken,ribs and links here.No brisket, NO pork loin, no bratwurst, no chili,no mac & cheeseI ordered a 2x2-ribs & 1/4 white chicken plus potato salad & baked beansThe bbq sauce was very sweet and it covered everything. The beans were canned and the potaot salad was creamy. Really creamy?? Whats up with that?The ribs were tough and gristly with way too much sweet sauce on them. The chicken was juicy but crisy and the sauce worked well with it.I wouldn't go out of my way again but some people might like that outdoor bbq flavor.
