3	While I've actually never been skiing or snowboarding, I checked this place out. Located on East, the building is an old, stand alone building between large trees. There are 2 sections to the store, the shop section & the rental section.I checked out the shop area & they have a lot of ski & snowboard options. They also have a lot of cold weather clothing, from your major brands, from light fleece jackets to thick ski/snowboard jackets. If you could wear it on the slope, they have it for you in lots of styles.The prices seemed pretty reasonable too, but what do I know about ski prices?If I spent a lot of time on the slopes, I would probably visit Alpine Ski Center a lot more often. They have a good selection of seemingly everything you would need at what seems like reasonable prices.
4	You guessed it, Alpine Ski Center has a great variety of ski & snowboard gear! Surprise! Or not...Located right next to Cantina 1511 (so, be cautious and aware of where you park), Alpine really has a nice selection of top of the line snow stuffs - jackets, skis, boots, gloves, hats, hand warmers, etc. Pricing is average for these higher end items yet they do run some great sales, so keep your eyes peeled for those! You can also rent skis and snowboards here (kiddos and adults). Staff has always been really great - quite friendly and very knowledgeable in the world of snow. In the summer months, however, I have seen their sign facing East Blvd. advertise a variety of flip flops and bathing suits for sale. Tevas, Rainbows, etc. I'll have to make my way over there in the warmer months and see their stock!
5	Just a quick note on Alpine Ski Center - I LOVE YOU!!!  Granted, every time I visit you, I bring home a receipt that makes my husband cringe - until he sees the FABULOUS goodies I also brought home!  Alpine's got AWESOME gear for skiing as far as clothes.  My husband and I just returned from our honeymoon skiing.  We are NOT experts in any way (I'm timid on blues and refuse blacks altogether - my husband only started skiing in the past year, but he'll occasionally venture onto a black to scare himself).  But the peeps in this shop were warm, friendly, and didn't make us feel like idiots or like we were pretending to be awesome skiers.  We ended up buying quite a bit from Alpine for our trip, although over probably 4 different visits.  Key things that I've learned in going to Alpine:1) Not pushy - I never felt any pressure to buy anything, and while I did buy a lot from them, I usually only bought one or two items at a time.  In fact, with the gloves, I tried them on and picked them out, thought about it, went skiing at Sugar Mtn with my old gloves, realized they were crap, then went back and bought the ones I had picked out, which they had saved for me.2) Super knowledgable - I wish I remember her name, but the manager of clothing is freaking AWESOME!!!  She knows a TON about ski gear.  Example - I went in looking for a new ski coat.  She pulled out several different brands in different price ranges, went through the pros and cons of the products, even pulled stuff from the sales rack, and in the end, I bought a ski coat I love.  When I had to go back to back a thermal layer, she totally got it when I told her how much I hate wearing thermal gear.  She promptly pulled several products she thought I'd like, had me try them on, and helped me pick out a layer I'd sleep in if I could.  However, all of the staff at Alpine seem to know their stuff - she's just my favorite.3) Friendly - The staff here are super friendly and sweet every time we go.  They're always willing to chit chat (but won't if you're in a hurry).  I feel them I can ask them anything without being laughed out, no matter how silly.  4) Expensive - But in general, ski gear IS expensive.  And since I won't be outgrowing my gear and plan on many more ski trips over the coming years, I think it's well worth it.Alpine has several locations throughout the Carolinas.  They also rent ski and snowboard gear, including ski pants, so it might actually be worthwhile to rent your gear in Charlotte before you trek off to your ski adventure.  They are in the know about local ski clubs, ski venues, as well as national and international ski resorts too.  We're excited to check out a few of the places they've recommended next ski season!
4	I go to Lebowski's on Trivia Tuesdays fairly frequently, so I see the sign for Alpine allll the time- I just never get there with any time to spare once I have hunted down a parking spot. This week I was early for trivia, so I decided to check them out. After all, I ditched my old (cross country) ski gear 12 years ago (long story-car accident injury; doctors said "no skiing, bowling, horseback riding, yadda yadda yadda" but I gradually started doing all the aforementioned except the skiing again. Hey, never tell me I "can't" do something. Like forbidden fruit!) and I thought, why not check into what's new and improved?The store is AWESOME- as is the staff! The clothing selection reminded me of ski shops in NYS back in the day- overflowing racks, brimming with coats, pants, socks, hats and what-not. The prices? I thought they were high, but I haven't looked at ski gear in a long time- having said that, the sales racks were really incredible-so, yay, bargains! The Burton model merch was way, way cheap. On to the equipment!I was really impressed with the selection, and the knowledge of the fellow in the "hardware" section. There were so many snow boards, skis, boots, and bindings, but he was very easy to follow in his explanations and descriptions. I mean, a lot had changed since last I bought long skinny lumber to strap upon my feet. And that description should tell you much!The only downside for me was that they don't carry cross country skis and equipment- but the dearth of trails south of West VA makes that not a viable product interest line. Ditto snowshoeing for like reasons. If you know what you want, they can order it, but if you want to try something, well, that's not an NC snow-thing. But YOU, my friends can reap the bounty that is Alpine Ski. I will certainly go back and look at the delicious Burton outerwear, because cold is COLD, even if you aren't skiing!For my NYS friends- this place is a LOT like Ski Haus in Brewster!
4	Take my review with a grain of salt... why? I don't ski, I'm not athletic and I don't like cold weather. With that said, I stopped in Alpine a few weeks back because they have a wide variety of discs for disc golf. Who knew? Colin heard this place had a large selection of new and used discs- and what a hidden gem. Discs started at around 7 bucks for used ones and went up from there. While Colin was in disc golf heaven, I wandered around the store. From my untrained eye, this ski center seemed to have a nice variety of jackets, ski gear and cold weather accessories. A solid locally owned shopped with a helpful and friendly staff. While I was wandering around, I actually ended up finding a fleece I have had my eyes on for months... with the store having a 25% off sale, I ended up grabbing a fleece pullover that I have worn basically every other day for the past month. This place is worth a stop if you like to Ski and oddly enough play disc golf!
5	We visited the Alpine Ski Center to outfit our son for snowboarding.  They were awesome.  Basil helped with all the equipment - he is patient, knowledgeable and we totally trusted his expertise.  He was so incredible to work with and I felt confident in our purchase.  I also know that if we have any questions or concerns, he will be there to address them.  Not only did he help us pick all the equipment out, but he had everything prepared while we waited to we could take it with us when we left.The female (her name is escaping me - started with an M?) that helped us with clothing (pants, gloves, goggles) was also great.  She explained the differences in all the fabrics and technology so we understood what we were picking.  Again, I felt very confident that we were getting exactely what my son needed without spending more than we needed to.  On top of all that, we witenessed her dealing with an irrational customer and she was incredible.  She remained calm and professional and handled the situation perfectly.  Those situations can be difficult and the customer was out of hand.  We were really impressed - and, she didn't talk about him after it was all over.Highly recommend.
