5	Excellent shave ice! Thin and melts in your mouth like snow!
5	I have be in vegas almost every month,  from LA this is a traditional taiwanese food,  everything taste so much Better especially pork chop and noodles , Recommand pork chop rice Or noddles Wontonsoup , shave Ice,  drinks , Very clean fast family restaurant , and the price is so much cheaper than others at that plaza Good place to eat , food Comes Out very fast with quality  , go give it a try , freshly made food taiwanese food !!!
5	This is the best  place to go great  customer service & great family experience  would definitely come back
3	3 stars for flavor .. total damage was $15 for two items, which is kinda pricey for Taiwanese food compared to San Gabriel Valley.One of the few foods I ate while on my excursion to Vegas needed to be good. I love Taiwanese food, so why not? I got two things, the chili oil wontons, and stinky tofu.Chili oil wontons - these tasted all right. They weren't as flavorful and oily as A&J Restaurant (Irvine, CA), but they were okaay. It tasted very fresh, and the flavors were bright, but nothing really stood out for me on this. The oil itself wasn't spicy at all really and didn't really stick to the wontons themselves. It was more of a dipping sauce I guess.. Stinky tofu - This is probably best shareable. Compared to that one place in Rowland Heights (can't remember, sorry), the stinky factor isn't totally pungent. It had the stinky element yes, but it wasn't bad. These I enjoyed more than the wontons I think. The tofu however, when you bite in, seemed to have more holes in it than actual tofu. Wha?The service is kinda whatever. The guy got my order wrong and almost gave me something that I didn't order, and insisted that I had ordered it. They never really checked up on me but that's cool, it's not like I need someone to talk to during my meal lol$15 for two things that were okay makes me an ehh panda.
4	Good Taiwanese shave ice. Their toppings are similar to the ones I've had in Taiwan. I didn't get to try some of my favorites because they were out of a lot that I wanted. But it was still really good and exactly what we needed because its so damn hot here! The price is average. Not the cheapest but you won't go broke eating here. Really small shop and uncomfortable seats so don't go there with a big group. The staff is friendly and attentive. I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas again.
5	I can say this is one of the best Taiwanese place in Vegas. Nice lady with friendly service. Food is authentic, comparable to the ones in LA. Great Taiwanese gem in Vegas !
5	I love the easygoing feeling that this place comes with. It seems like all the workers get along and are just super at ease with each other which makes me feel more at home as well (i was eating alone and am very uncomfortable having to do that lol)  Proportions are great for the price that you get. they have stinky tofu- come on, can't go wrong with that!! I'll definitely be coming back for more!
5	Very delicious!  Did not expect to have authentic Taiwan night market dishes in Las Vegas.  It is even better than the ones in San Francisco Bay Area.  I had Taiwanese meat ball (lots of meat and sauce, thin skin), salt and pepper fried chicken (freshly made, tender), pork intestine thin noodle (quite authentic), mango snow ice (mango + milk shave ice with real big chuck of mangos).
4	Another hole in a wall place. The menu is straight forward. The food is really good! The portions are large.very satisfied with this place.
4	I'll start off saying I don't know much of Taiwanese food, except what I get in the Taiwan airport when I'm passing thru... With that being said, I thought the food and service here was great!!  The server was very friendly and helpful... Cute too.  I ordered the Braised Pork with Rice and the Pork bun. Soo much more food then I expected, and super fast. The Braised pork was soo much better then I expected, almost fall apart tender... I'm not use to the brown hard boiled egg, but I liked that also.  The Pork Bun was GREAT.  Tons of amazing flavors. Whole thing came up to roughly $13. Tons of food and super affordable. I'll definitely be frequenting here often, considering its close to work.
5	I have been looking for a place here in Las Vegas that serves an AUTHENTIC pork belly bao (bun) with all of the fixings on top. There are many "asian fusion" type restaurants in town that have them on their menu as appetizers (seems to be the new fad) but they are not authentic Taiwanese. Another place that I found that is close in authenticity is Fat Choy inside of the Eureka casino... Just a little far for me. But I finally found the place!! And it's called Taiwan deli! Who would've thought? The pork belly is braised perfectly with soy sauce and topped with pickled radishes, mustard greens, cilantro, and crushed peanuts and drizzled with hoisin sauce. SO GOOD. The bao is soft and fluffy; just the way it should be. I also tried the salt and pepper popcorn chicken and it is legit. Fried with basil and tossed with the Chinese 5 spice seasonings. Must try!I will definitely be coming back to try the stinky tofu and chili oil wontons!
4	My husband and I stopped here for dinner. The menu is pretty small, but the portions are good and so is the food :) We would definitely come back.
2	Minced pork on rice was somewhat authentic. But some of our order never came even after 3 reminders in an empty restaurant. Would rather go to the  2 surrounding restaurants.
5	service was great for us. took a taxi from the strip to eat here for a quick fix of taiwanese food. the food was pretty authentic. price is cheap portions are big. if ur in the chinatown area its definitely worth it
5	This restaurant is amazing and I am so glad I discovered this while walking around Chinatown in search of Taiwanese food. It's a bit crowded at night (around 8 or 9 pm) but the environment is very cozy. I highly recommend this place if you're craving Taiwanese little eats (xiao chi)!! The dishes they make are very flavorful and well-done in general. Stinky tofu is a dish I always get at every Taiwanese restaurant (if they have it), so I have tried some from the 'bleh' range to the 'best' in Taiwan. The tofu they serve here is crispy, juicy, and not too stinky! It's not bad~ however, the pickled cabbage on the side wasn't too great. The manager actually walked around to greet everyone as well, which I found very welcoming. I'll be coming here every time I visit the strip!
4	I would probably give this as 3.5 stars but I'm feeling nice so I will round up to 4 stars. The server was really nice (and super Taiwanese in mannerisms). I got the chili oil wontons. I really like them at Din Tai Fung so I was hoping for something similar. The flavor was okay, good but not super divine.The hibiscus tea (Luo Shen hua cha) was a lively reddish pink color and not super sweet.
5	Excellent service and decent food. I would recommend the pork bun and also soy bean curd dessert. Will return!
2	Mama (she is Taiwanese btw) and I were quite disappointed. This could have been good. You order your food by marking the paper strip. Both of our noodles lacked flavor, despite looking as if they were packed. My soup was not hot either! My biggest pet peeve. How can all my toppings get warm if my soup isn't hot?We tried to order the meatball as well, but they were sold out (early afternoon is too early to sell out!).Will there ever be a good Taiwanese restaurant in Las Vegas? :(
4	Good food.  Service is super fast just like other Asian restaurant.  Fast in and out.  This place is quite small.  Expect to wait a little during rush hour.  Although they have a huge parking lot, but parking is a headache and sometimes you need to fight hard for one.  Yeah, Chinatown plaza, as you can imagine, people, people, and people.  Well worth to stop by if you look for authentic Taiwanese food in Vegas.
