5	I bought livingsocial.com coupon for Keratin treatment.... Frank is the owner and is the one that did the work - he stayed until 11pm on a Thursday night to accommodate the busy requests! He was incredibly personable and professional. I'll make the drive all the way from Scottsdale again just to go here.
2	So soft and shiny! I bought a living social deal for the Coppola Keratin Complex treatment. The salon is clean and comfortable & Frank is the best part of your experience. "a morning person" frank was able to get started on my hair at 7:45 am!! I have had this treatment done more than a dozen times for the last 3 years and I'm impressed with the attention to detail Frank gave each stand of hair. I only wish I would have bought more of the living social deals as the normal price of $340 might be a bit too much for me to keep going back. If they do offer this deal again I will be sure to get it!
5	Crimpers is hidden in a small strip mall on E. Chandler Boulevard. Frank, the salon owner was so kind and genuine and went to work on me immediately asking questions and listening to my endless chatter of salons I've visited in the area. An hour later, I was done and very pleased at my new look! Frank wouldn NOT take a tip and charged me nearly nothing for the treatment I've paid big bucks for at other area salons! This is a great find!
1	Horrible Horrible customer service. I also bought the living social. I called and made an appointment, however, when I showed up at my appointment they told me they had no record of an appointment under my name/phone number. They did not offer to reschedule or even apologize. Very very disappointed in this salon and I will never ever return.
5	I can NOT say enough good about Crimpers. Being new to the Valley of the Sun, I needed to find a hair salon. My daughter found Crimpers on Yelp and we could not be any more please with the service we received. Gavin is an absolute delight and he is an expert on color. He made me feel like a new woman! I enjoy the atmosphere and Frank and Gavin are truly great hair dressers. They make going to a beauty salon fun!
5	I just want to say how much I love Crimpers Hair Salon. Gavin is such a joy and he does an awesome job. He knows his color and does a spectacular job. I always come out of there feeling like a million bucks! Thanks Gavin!
5	I have been going to Crimpers for years and have always left completely satisfied! The owner Frank is so funny and great and Gavin, my stylist, does a wonderful job and a perfect execution every time. I LOVE Crimpers!
2	I had a crazy experience at Crimpers this past Saturday.  I had a Groupon and scheduled my appointment just fine.  I showed up Saturday morning and they were expecting me . . . less than a five minute wait.  Gavin was my stylist and after reading some reviews that had already been posted here, I breathed a sigh of relief.  We talked a little bit about my color and cut and I showed him a photograph of a style I and worn a few years ago and really liked.  Gavin mixed and applied my color and then left me sitting there without so much as a word for almost an hour and a half!!  He worked on several others only 10 feet from me, but during that time never asked if I was okay, or if I wanted something to drink or to read.  I got up on my own and found the restroom and then sat back down in my chair.  It finally came time to rinse and get ready for my haircut.  Gavin looked at the picture again and then started cutting.  I was not facing the mirror for the first part of the cut, but when he turned the chair around to start working on the back, I was shocked at how short he had cut it.  In the picture my bangs were 4" long, but now there didn't seem to be one strand of hair on my head that he had left longer than about an inch, including my bangs.  Then I had to watch as he cut the rest of it.  Then he kind of walked away and started working on a different customer and someone else came up and asked how I was doing, then put some mouse in my hair and then walked away. Then another stylist came up and asked what I wanted her to do with my hair.  With the exception of one stylist, it seemed like they all kind of worked on everyone.  Honestly, I cannot even wrap it around a curing iron.  I went home and cried.  I have to admit that Gavin did a really nice job on the color, but other than that, nothing about this place would make me ever want to return.  He was working on someone else when I was "done".  He did not check back with me or even see his finished work or the shocked look on my face.  I actually thought maybe I was on a pranked show.
3	I visited the salon because I purchased a Living Social for a Brazilian Blowout. While I'm pleased with the way my hair looks, I was not very impressed with the customer service. Gavin, my stylist, was late. Throughout the process he kept speaking to a coworker about who would be running an errand after my appointment. He bolted out the door immediately after finishing with me, and gave me no advice on how to care for my Brazilian Blowout. No product recommendations, style or care tips to make it last, or help of any kind (even though he knew it was my first time getting this done). He seemed in such a hurry to leave it made me feel that I was an inconvenience and he just needed to get me done. That being said, my hair does look nice. I would consider revisiting the salon if there was another Living Social or Groupon deal. I would not pay full price for this salon.
1	Run!  Don't use that Groupon!  This place is creepy and dirty. The stylist are either 80 years old or have neck tattoos. The hair dye is like water and the blow outs are horrible. Everyone looks miserable and the facility looks like no one cares about its appearance. Empty waters bottles, crap on the walls, dirty fake flowers, dusty shelves, ugly work stations.  I can't figure out how they make their rent every month cause I can't imagine anyone goes to this place more than once.
1	So before I start I read all the reviews about this salon since they had a coupon on living social I was very Skeptic about it and thought well everyone has their on opionions on how they rate customer service I will give it a try. All I can say was I should of Runned when I Had the chance. Frank was my stylist which he look about 70 Years Old barely could move and hardly could hear him talk.  I wanted to do an all over color and go lighter he told me I couldn't go lighter only darker which made no since never had an issue at any other salons going lighter . So I decided to do the partial Highlights never ask me what color I wanted already felt something not right the way he was doing the process . washed my hair wanted to charge me an extra $40.00 for an hair cut which I denied brushed  my hair and ask me if I wanted to blow dry my hair then complained I had a lot of hair which will take awhile to dry then stuck me under the blow dryer. By that time I just wanted to get out of there told him I'm  just going to leave tried to charge me more than what the special was on the living social sight then he crosses out the tip line and said no need to leave me a tip . Wow cause he knows he did a bad job .. went across the street to get it cut the hair dresser couldn't believe I just had highlights put in . You could barely see the color then he didn't go to the root of my hair left 2-3 inch off from my root which looks all grown out.  Never again Please do not go to this place bad salon.
5	The owner is super sweet, the price is amazing, hair turned out great! Did partial highlights from living social and will definitely go back. I read the reviews before going and was a little nervous about it. Isn't the fanciest salon in Arizona but service and hair was great and I recommend it!
2	I bought a living social deal before I Yelped them. They have horrible reviews. I decided to give it a shot and made an appointment. I showed up and no one was at the front desk. I waited over 5 minutes and no one came to greet me. There was 1 person getting their hair washed. I had a very bad gut feeling and left. All I paid was $20 so I don't feel to bad about not using the coupon.
1	I purchased a groupon for a cut and color. I brought my iPad with several hair styles I had that I have loved in the past. I made it very easy for a good stylist however  the cut was uneven and the color was really very, very dark it was very bad!! I not only paid for the groupon and had to pay an additional 30.00 for what he called highlights! I ended up going to Supercuts and they were able to straighten out the cut and redid the highlights! It looks great now. I am very upset that I wasted money on  Crimpers!! Bad place and the owner Frank was the guy who did my hair. Don't waste your money!!   I will be calling for a refund!
5	Frank does an amazing job! I'm so glad that I discovered this place. I bought the groupon and have been back 4 times now! The place isn't super fancy bit it's super affordable and I love the way Frank does my hair! I definitely found my new stylist; and my mom and sister are going there now too
3	On the positive side, from my visit there, this is a neighborhood shop, good for shorter cuts for women and mens cuts.  Repeat customers come here for fixes from other shops and for years of experience.  I don't think they mind waiting.  It's true you may have to wait a while to be greeted as there is no formal receptionist.   It's true the place could use a good dusting and cleaning.   It's true my color was not the greatest in the world.   It's true my blow out was not the best in the world..  But these were also not the worst in the world.   Make sure you know exactly what you want before getting there.  Be prepared to wait a bit and don't expect an immediate greeting to check-in.  I recommend you ask for appointment times that are less busy.
1	I live in Ahwatukee, I usually go to the Beauty school to get my hair done but it takes four hours, I really was too tired do instead I saw crimpers on Groupon and thought why now, now I'm thinking why did I. I made the appointment and was greeted by the owner an older man in his 70's.  I had a picture of the cut I wanted and told him I wanted a touch up, highlight with emphasis on covering my grey. I specifically stated to him(Frank) I do not want my hair to shockingly light he laughed and continued to the back and came out ready to color my hair. I did not even get to choose the color. I again reiterated I did not want it too light he mumbled something and continued on. When he rinsed my hair out I put my glasses on and I was in shock my hair was so blond it was white and my grey hair was not covered at all. I then told Frank about the grey not being covered he stated well it's highlights, I told him that at the school they always touch up the roots and color the grey, he continued on with the cut and throughout the entire cut he used a razor to cut my hair a total chop/hack job pretty bad. I really expected more from a salon in Ahwatukee.  I have a wedding to go to so now I have to go buy a box of hair dye and color over what a total waste!! Beware of a 70 year old man yielding a razor!!! Edward scissor hands could have done a better job!!! I do not recommend this place.
1	Went here for the first time & will certainly be the last. Arrived at my appointment on time. Had to wait 15 minutes before beginning my partial highlights & cut. Frank was the person doing my hair. We went over what I wanted & he began. He used bleach for my highlights which is fine however - it was over processed. He brought over this janky hair dryer to heat my foils. I had to lean back while sitting upright with a cricked neck for 10 minutes. He never once asked if I was comfortable which I'm sure by looking at me it would've been pretty obvious. Oh then the cut began. Just needed a trim & I got barely that. Oh now the blow out - used his hands to straighten my naturally curly hair. Yea I left there looking like a 5 year old did my hair. Frank had no customer service skills what so ever & I was truly disappointed. I've gotten better service at Fry's!  The woman next to me was getting her hair blown out & it looked good. I got the schlep style I guess - maybe because I had a groupon? Frank should stop doing hair, his skills are dated & I will never visit this place again. Caution people.
1	RUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dont buy the groupon and certainly dont cash it in . I went there is it was the worst experience I had ever at a salon. i should have been clued in on how filthy the salon was. The smock had hair on it like it hadnt been washed and the hairstylist (Gavin) I did not see his cosmetology certificate. He ended up frying my highlights and he did a horrible job at cutting my hair. This salon needs to be shut down by the sanitation department!
5	I purchased a Brazilian blowout from living social..  went there for the first time.. Frank Did my hair and he's awesome, he did a terrific job and because of him I'm loving my hair...  definitely going back for another Brazilian blowout... Thank you Frankie!
5	I loved getting my hair done at Crimpers! Gavin did an amazing job transitioning me from blonde to ombre. It looks great and I have gotten more compliments on it than ever! When I was trying to book my appointment, I had to change my schedule multiple times before I could make it in and they were happy to work with me. I am already looking forward to my next visit!
5	Gavin is awesome! My color and Brazilian blow out looks incredible!! Great at what they do, period!!
1	Quite the adventure.  I had bought a Living Social and Gavin did my hair.  It came out fine (cut, color, and blow out) and since then I have been back three times.  The last time I went, I had an appointment and when I walked in, Gavin was working on someone else.  I waited twenty five minutes before it was my time to get my hair cut and colored.  Not even a sorry I am running late.  Two weeks ago I booked with Gavin for 9:00.  The day before my appointment I got a voicemail asking if I could come at 11:30.  When I called back I said I would change my appointment for then.  I was then asked if I could make it at 12:00.  I said yes.  Got there today and Gavin was NOT there.  First I was told he was out getting supplies, and then after 15 minutes I told Frank, the owner, that I was not going to wait anymore and leave.  He then told me that Gavin was on his way and had gone for therapy.  So which is it?  Supply store or therapy.  In any case, as I was walking out, Gavin showed up 20 minutes late.  I usually don't write bad reviews but I just wanted to warn others as this has got to be the most exasperated I have ever been at a hairdresser.
3	They do a great job here, no question about that, the service leaves something to be desired though. My first appointment took extra long because the owner was dying my hair and the only person answering the phones, and the stylist was an hour late for my second appointment. They did give me the trim for free which was nice, but I probably won't be back, it's too hard to schedule the appointments during the week with the staff not consistently showing up.
2	I normally color my own hair but I was looking for a major change - going from blond to wanting to add a lot of brown with blond highlights.  I was referred to this salon and told they would do a cut and color for $45.  As a single mom, that price was right up my alley.  I met with Gavin and I thought he really listened to what I was looking for and what I really didn't want.  I was very clear that I did not want my hair to be ashy in any way, shape or form, that I was looking for a very rich brown and if he didn't think that would work to please let me know.    In regards to my cut I showed him some other ideas but told him I was open.  He said he didn't really know what to do about the cut but we would talk about that after he did the color.   He looked at the photos I brought in and told me some of the color ideas I brought may be too dark and he acted like he understood what I wanted.  In hindsight, I did the majority of talking and he really didn't talk to me about what colors would work best nor did he show me any samples of color. He mixed up color and came back and started working on my hair.  He was very pleasant and made a bit of small talk.  He seemed to be very thorough with the application but I did notice that he didn't seem to be putting the color all the way to my roots (and there were grays that needed to be covered) but it's been a long time since I've had my hair done professionally and I figured it was o.k.   One comment he made while doing my hair was that the lighting in the salon was not very good.  He said when he does blondes a lot of them freak out because they see red tones in their hair, which he says is due to the lighting.   When he took the foils out it was hard to get a good idea of the true color (due to the lighting and it was dark outside which made the salon dark) but the ends looked really, really dark.  He still had no ideas on what to do with my hair and trimmed the back and told me he would do the bangs and angle the sides toward my face.   He didn't seem to spend much time on the front of my hair and then said he wanted to blow dry it and see where we were and he'd finish the cut from there.  He was blow drying and it seemed like all of a sudden he was bored, stopped and said we were done.  He never checked the cut in the front and didn't even brush it out - just stopped blow drying.   I went to give him my debit card only to be told that he forgot the card swipper for his phone at home.  I had to go to the bank, get cash and run it back.  When I got home and looked at my hair in real light I about cried.   The color was ALL ash and large sections were extremely dark, like the hair grabbed too much color.  Pretty much everything I said I didn't want.   My bangs are too short to pull over to the side, I have 2 clumps of hair on either side of my head that end at about my cheekbones - there does not seem to be any angling or layering at all.   I noticed today that when I pull my hair up you can see all the gray at my roots - he didn't color the roots at all (which reminds me, toward the end of my cut he told me if I wanted to use my box color to touch up the roots, I could - what stylist tells their client they can do that??) I tried calling to give him a chance to fix it. (I can't afford to go to another salon to have the cut and color fixed) When I did Frank answered and asked me to call back the next morning at 9 a.m.  I did as I was asked and was told that Gavin hadn't come in yet but Frank took my name and number and said he would have Gavin call me.  That was 3 days ago and I'm still waiting.
5	I go to Gavin for my hair (cut and color)  and he'll work with you on what you want and make sure you like the outcome. He's done black, brown and blonde on my hair and puts up with my hair ADD as I tend to want to change it up a lot lol. Makes you feel comfortable and does a great job!
1	I came in with a groupon, and was excited to see what they had to offer since I read good reviews for Gavin. Well, I was so wrong. I came in for a cut and color. Th color was okay, I had to sit with it in my hair for a LONG time while he finished with a different client. Not only that, but he got color all over my face and ruined my shirt with hair dye, which he didn't mention or apologize for. I only realized my shirt was ruined when I got home. Then, when it was time for the cut, SO terrible. He pretty much did the bare minimum and even sat down half way through the cut. I was not impressed and very disappointed. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
