2	This place is also called the Kabob House. Basically its a nice restaurant interior with one guy working as hostess, waiter, and a cook.  The place was clean and pleasant but the food was lacking.  For the price of $15-22 you get one kabob of meat (7-8 inch by inch cubes), plain rice, and one tomato slice. i thought the food was not bad although my two friends did not like it(keep in mind they were middle eastern). it just wasnt enough food for the price. I can get past the slow service, but paying that much for so little was a huge disappointment especially after seeing very high marks for this place on citysearch.
3	I'm glad that someone else mentioned that this was known as the Kabob House, because if they didn't, I'd never have found it.  I don't know that I've ever seen it called Khaneh Kabob (though perhaps that's what it says in their native tongue).Anyway - the place is indeed clean, though in an odd twist, it's attached to a beverage store.  That's not bad, just a statement of fact.  If you order a kabob that contains steak or chicken, I can definitely see how you might be disappointed - you don't get a lot.If you order a kabob that has ground meat, you'll probably have leftovers.  Unfortunately, I can't tell you which kind to order, because we always go with our friends who do the ordering for us, but I can definitely tell you that these are not your typical Americanized shish-kabobs.  These are Persian-style kabobs.  So don't be disappointed.The ground-beef-style ones are wrapped around a long, flat skewer and cooked on the skewer, and you get a ton of meat.  I don't know if you have to order side dishes separately, but we always get them - rice, bread and other items - because the meat by itself is good, but you'll want to have other items as well, because it makes it so much better.Service is friendly, but it isn't speedy, and they have not historically been able to communicate particularly well in English.
5	Great food, fantastic atmosphere and decor.  I stuck to the non meat dishes, and while there isn't a large selection vegetarian options, they'll occasionally  offer a veggie-kabob on request.  The appetizers include standard fare of cucumber salads, stuffed grape leaves, and roasted eggplant spreads (all exceptional in taste).  The badenjanin in particular is perfectly tart and spicy, but may not be for everyone.  Other than the food, their tea selections are great-- try the spiced chai.My experience on weekend nights has been a full house with a mix of family groups at the tables, and college-age groups enjoying hookah in the pillow clad booths of the tea area.  Some nights feature a belly dancer and middle eastern music.  It fits in well with the decorated interior that's covered in arches an paintings (some on animal skins).  Service has been great 2/3 visits, with attentive and friendly staff open to offering suggestions, and an owner who spends time talking with the various groups.  On one very busy night, service was super slow, but the staff was still friendly and the delicious hookahs kept things calm.  Overall, this kind of place is rare in Charlotte and is worth the visit!
4	Beef Kabob gets an easy FIVE Stars!!!  Persian Hot Tea, five stars!!! The Eggplant Dish was very good! The Belly Dancing gets Five stars!!!  Service also gets five stars!From there everything else was Good though none of it was better than three stars and not as flavorful as I hoped, still good!I'm the Only Dude here!  Eleven Female patrons including my Bride... add two Belly Dancers and our Waitress, I'm out numbered 14 to  1 !!!!!!  Great show!  If you have never seen live Belly Dancing it is Usually Entertaining and though maybe initially awkward it is fun!Persian Ice Cream nice flavor combination of Pistachio, Rose Water and Saffron less dense than Kulfi - If I had never eaten (Indian Kulfi) I would have probably rated this Ice Cream Higher!Baklava a bit disappointing, papery filo, though drier than the overly syrupy version
4	Very good.  I am part Iranian, so I know my Persian food.  Meat here is cooked perfect...very tender.  Came with a large party once and the owner (who is super nice and accommodating) brought us a sampler of all the meat.   In general, I love to order the ground beef kebabs and lamb kebabs at Persian restaurants and this place doesn't disappoint (I like to add sumac, which is on the table to all the meats and sometimes the rice).Only disappointment for me is that they don't have a clay oven to make homemade Persian lavash bread like they do in all the restaurants in Atlanta.  Instead you get pita before your meal.  It comes with onion and feta.  You can ask for mint and eat it with the bread, onion, and feta.  Sounds weird, but that is common in Persian restaurants.Eggplant dip is very good and is a must in any Persian restaurant.  I wish they had more than one eggplant dish, though.  Ice cream is really good.  Baklava is good, but not the best I've had.Definitely a must try in Charlotte!
2	We were the only people in the entire place. Service was okay, I'm pretty sure he was the owner. The food was decent, but the hookah was overpriced. The decor was unusual and everything could have used a good cleaning and a coat of paint. I won't be back to Kabob House.
2	My husband has revoked my Groupon privileges. If this review was just for the food it would be an easy 3 or 3.5 stars. The food was all delicious - we had the sauteed eggplant appetizer, the cucumber/tomato/onion salad, shishkabob dinner and burg dinner (not what I ordered but it was still good.) The rest of the experience was kind of bizarre.We arrived early on a Saturday evening and were the only dine-in patrons. There were a few booths in the back corner with patrons smoking hookah but it was nearly empty the entire 90+ minutes we were there. There was also some take-out business at the same time. A host led us to a table near the couches/stage area in the back. I immediately noticed that one of the workers (?) was napping on a couch about 10 feet away. The music was just something off the laptop of one of the hookah patrons, mostly obscure rap music.Here's where things got a little weird. We were completely finished eating and the staff was around fixing some other tables (at this point we're still the only dine in patrons), and then they pull some tables together and the entire staff sits down for dinner in the front of the restaurant. We waited another 20-25 minutes for our waitress to come back and ask if we were finished or wanted dessert. The answer was a resounding no.
