4	Went here because we saw it on the Food Network Diners Drive-ins and Dives.  Their pierogies were the featured food of course.  It's just a small bar.  We went on a Sunday afternoon and there were a bunch of old guys sitting around the bar smoking and talking about the old days.  The bartender was also our waitress.  Aside from first-impressions, the service was good and the pierogies were amazing.  Three big pierogies for about $7, great for sharing.  We also ordered a burger with fries to share and it was good too!  And CHEAP!  We got stuffed, couldn't even finish everything for $15.  If you don't mind the smokey, old-time bar feel, then I highly recommend.  On their website, they say to call ahead for the pierogies.
1	We went to this place also after seeing it on D,D,and D.This was after the smoking in places that serve food was put in place. We went with my sister and her not even toddler my two children and ... well we get to the location and almost turned around "its just a bar" Defiantly a dive! Took a while to get our food. The bar was loud and smokey! I orderd the perogies since that is why we went there. My son ordered a fish sandwich we orderd a childs spaggetti. some wings and some other things. The fish sandwich was HUGE. biggest i had ever seen.  The childs spaggetti was big and was shared with two children My son loved it .. i tasted it because i couldnt belive him. It was good! THE PEROIGES ----- BLAND~, soggy, not crisp not buttery ... they were greasy. it tasted like bland mashed potatoes between unseasoned dough. We drove well over an hour to eat here. BIG mistake.
1	The food is pretty good especially if you like perogies but good luck getting it. I've been here a few times to see acoustic performances and every time I'm here the waitress spends more time smoking cigarettes at the bar than attending to her tables. 98% of the time I have to go to the bar to get another beer. But damn the perogies are good.
2	Man this place is a dump. If you're not a local or regular good luck feeling comfortable there. It is obviously a local bar first and restaurant second. Certainly not for the ladies or kids. The pierogies were indeed delish and the fish sammo was okay. It was cooked nicely but the fish wasn't all that fresh and you could tell. Btw, I did not pre-order pierogies and I got mine no problem. But it wasn't during peak hours. As noted by other posters the waitress was the bartender. A bit gruff, but I've had worse. Music was BLASTING non-stop during my hour there. A Nickelback fan's dream com true. Smoky, but not horribly so. If you're a local rummy barfly then this place is for you! But if you're a DDD fan you might want to move on to another DDD spot in Pittsburgh. Not sure why it would be featured on the show. Nadine's was better and they made you feel welcome.
3	I don't even know how to rate this place.  So we too saw it on food network.  Being from a small down in PA, I can attest, this place is a DIVE.  It is like the kind of dive where a couple of people from the neighborhood surely spend every day in here at the bar smoking and drinking.  You have to KNOW what you are getting into before you go here, and if that makes you uncomfortable, better not go.  Me on the other hand, if they have something delicious, I will go.  The pierogies were 5 stars.  Best I have ever eaten and obviously homemade and HUGE!  The rest of the food was reasonably cheap and pretty tasty.  The wings were pretty great too.  I normally wouldn't even walk into, let alone eat at a place like this, but all of their other food was surprisingly good.  I know darn well when I walked in with my family and kids everyone in the entire bar and the staff looked at us like, there are some city slickers coming in because they saw us on D,D, & D.  Yup.  Damn straight.  Yuns gimme dem dar pierogies up dar over dar.
3	My dad wanted to go to this place because he saw it on TV. I grew up on in dive bars plopped on stools next to my grandfather as he drank Budweisers. Thus we felt at home.This is a dive bar. A real dive bar, not some phony hipster bar pretending to be a dive bar. Yes, its grimy, yes there will be people shaking from acute withdrawal sitting near you. If you have never been to a dive, or are not sure you have been to a dive, you might want to try somewhere else.Budweisers are 2.25, food is cheap and comes in huge portions. Pierogies are gargantuan, the fish sandwich is even bigger. Standard bar food on the menu with a few nice Polish selections. Service is nonchalant yet friendly enough. An elderly woman in the back does all the cooking by herself. She is awesome.
3	I stopped in here last night for dinner with my girlfriend.  I had been wanting to come here since I randomly caught it on an episode of "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives" and last night was the perfect night for us.  The outside of the building is unassuming and we drove right past it before noticing that we had.  The inside of the building is not much better as it looks like your normal neighborhood bar with a bunch of flat screens T.V's on the wall, a U shaped bar on one side, booths and high top tables on the other and a back dining room.  My girlfriend and I tried to sit in the back but there was something going on there and so we eventually settled into one of the booths.The bar seemed quite full for a Tuesday evening and our waitress (the bartender) told us that she would get to us shortly after we had seated ourselves.  After only a short wait, she was at our table taking our drink order.  I was actually impressed with how efficient she was by herself with the large crowd.  For dinner I decided to order the famous fish sandwich and a plate of pierogies (3) while my girlfriend went with the buffalo chicken wrap.  Our food came out within a reasonable time period and looked good with both of our sandwiches served with cole slaw.  The pierogies were absolutely enormous, almost as long as my hand and fried slightly, topped with onions and came with a side of applesauce.  Our waitress had asked us if we had wanted sour cream with them to but we politely declined.  They tasted pretty good as the slight fry gave them a crunchy exterior while the interior was soft and tasty.  By the time we were done with them, we had also eaten all of the applesauce as it made a good dipping sauce and helped keep the pierogies moist.  My sandwich was also pretty good as the breading on it was fried nicely and tasted good while the fish was mild.  I topped it with hot sauce and like a true Pittsburgher even put my cole slaw on it which helped to make it taste better. My girlfriend told me that she enjoyed her buffalo chicken wrap and the single bite that I took gave me a nice buffalo flavor.The bottom line for me is that I am glad that I came here and might be back again depending on what I am looking for.  The food was dirt cheap with our whole bill coming to $22 and it exceeded the expectations that I had given to it whenever we walked in.  However, with that being said, the building is fairly run down and it is bar food and so I wouldn't expect it to be the greatest food you have ever tasted.
3	We're visiting from Milford, Ohio.  We picked this place because we love eating at places featured on the Food Network, especially on Diners, Dives and Drive Ins.  Dive?  Ummmm, yea.  for sure.  I know Guy Fieri says, "if its funky, we'll find it."  but I just couldn't imagine him there! talk about a small, tiny, bar.   Would NEVER have gone here if we weren't looking for it.  The waitress/bar maid was VERY nice.  She recommended what was served to Guy; the fish sammy and the perogies.  i've never had perogies.  From what I understand, perogies are very small.  these were huge.  I don't know, I'm sure they were awesome........I just don't think they are for me.  It was  like fried mashed potatoes.   I'm thinking Perogies is a cultural/area food.   Just not something I'm going to crave.      The fish sam was good.  Seemed the patrons are regulars.    This is not a place I would crave; not a place I would visit again if I were back in town.  But thanks for the experience.
4	Don't come here for the atmosphere, come for a taste of what Slavic/Polish food is supposed to taste like. As someone who spent years in Pittsburgh but never ate here until recently, it is a revelation. I know this was on the Food Network and all, but it's not really a dive as places in this area go. It's a standard working class lounge with a restaurant in the back that happens to serve darn good food, if that kind of food is your cup of tea. If you have never had standard Slavic food, you won't find it much better anywhere outside of the old country. Go try it.
