3	My first experience in years shopping in a Canadian supermarket!This morning we took a walk with the monkeys due to the fact that we all needed to stretch out our legs after yesterday's long long trip.  We also headed out because we needed a few groceries as well as some milk for the two monkeys who drink milk like I breathe air.  :-)Walking into the foyer of IGA we were hit with the most beautiful sensation ever; AIR CONDITIONING!  The wife's cousin's apartment as most apartments in Montreal aren't equipped with A/C which made last night and today quite a toasty experience due to the current heat wave.  IGA had A/C and they were sharing it with all their shoppers.The layout of IGA was familiar even to us U.S. grocery shoppers with the produce at the beginning of the store and meats to the middle.  The end portion of the grocery store had a nice deli as well as a massive selection of milk and dairy products.  BTW, when you come to Canada you can buy a BAG filled with 2 liters of milk...I kid you not!  :-)Towards the end of the grocery store there was the most beautiful thing to be beheld by a beer drinker; a MASSIVE walk-in cooler that was an almost a religious alter to that most beautiful of beverages...BEER!  The variety of beers was dizzying ranging from the familiar American and Imports to some very unique Canadian brews I had never seen or heard of.  I scanned the titles and made a mental note to come back and try at least a few of these brews.The actual layout of the store was quite neat and efficient with employees well dressed and neatly decked out in their IGA uniforms.  Uniforms that were specific to their department:  Diary people had different uniforms from the Deli people who had different uniforms from the check-out staff.Ah...that brings me to the check-out staff.  I would have happily given this IGA 4 stars or more had it not been for the check-out staff that helped us.  One of the monkeys was hungry and begged for an apple to snack on.  We complied allowing him to eat an apple while we shopped and walked through the store.  At check-out time, we had saved the barcode and even volunteered to the check-out gal that we needed to pay for the apple.Her response in a very snippy French, "He almost ate half of it!  How do you expect me to ring it up?!?"The boss lady told her to charge us whatever she wanted and we ended up paying 50 cents for a miniature apple....probably the most expensive apple in Canadian history.  The cashier was happy to see us leave and didn't even thank us for shopping at IGA.Hmmmph...silly teenage Canadian check-out girl.So based on that last experience at IGA, I could only give this store 3 stars.  I'm sure we'll be back sometime before the end of our trip and I'll happily update my rating after the next trip.After many more trips to IGA for milk and other supplies, I FINALLY figured out what the letters IGA stand for:I - I've  G - Got    A - AttitudeWurd...snobby buggers.  Bye bye!
