5	Outstanding customer service and the highest quality grooming!  Our dog is an aging Corgi/Chow mix and has not enjoyed her grooming sessions prior to our going to Puff and Fluff.  Liz and her team treated her like a queen with love and care.  Not only did she look great but was very relaxed when I picked her up.  She lay at my feet while checking out rather than charging the door.A new and wonderful experience.
5	We take our Golden into Puff and Fluff, he always looks very handsome when he is done and all the girls in the neighborhood want to go out with him! Cutomer service and price point is the best in the Valley.  I have recommended both friends and family to Puff and Fluff, if you aren't using them for your dog/cat's grooming then you are cheating them!  Don't you want the best for your pet?Puff and Fluff is the best.  Try it out for yourself!
5	We have two yorkies, and previous trips to the groomers has not been a fun trip for them or me.  After several recommendations, I decided to try Puff & Fluff.  Not only are they conveniently located at 16th St & Bethany, but when I went down to pick up the boys, they weren't ready to come home!  The grooming went well, Liz kept this nervous mommy posted, and I couldn't be more pleased.  They have a new customer!  And she also does pick up & delivery plus pet sitting!!
5	A friend Rick recommended Puff and Fluff for my Yorkie, he had been taking his Yorkie's there for over a year with great service.  I took Beau in and he has never had such a great time or looked better, he is very cage anxious, so they have an open fenced area that he was very comfortable in.  He was very well groomed and taken care of.  I've had him in several times now and recently recommended that my neighbor Ronni take her Yorkie there and she also was very happy.  The new owner Liz and her team are the best and the place is beautiful and clean.  Thank you for making it a wonderful experience.
5	My Wheaten Terrier Penelope doesn't get anxious anymore thanks to the Puff and Fluff! Now under new ownership, Liz and her team are awesome.  Kelly the groomer does a great job, whether you are stopping by for a quick nail trim or a full grooming service.    Both Kelly and Liz will talk with you to understand exactly what kind of cut/ grooming you are looking for-- they don't just assume or give you what they want.  The customer is always first at the Puff and Fluff.  Support your local business owner and stop by the Puff and Fluff!
5	My neighborhood had two grooming shops and I didn't like them since we got our poodle mix 3 years ago. So I have been driving 15 miles to a person that both my dog and I sort of liked. Now a shop in the neighborhood shop is under new ownership and the groomer Kelly did the best job on my dog, EVER! I love Puff and Fluff!! The staff is friendly and best of all they are awesome to my Luna! She comes out of there looking fantastic. I am glad that we can walk but I would gladly drive 25 miles for treatment like this for both of us!
5	Fantastic!The facilities & staff are all wonderful.  It was refreshiing to know that our dogs were safe and sound in a clean environment.They came home looking better than ever before!We have only had 2 groomers in 9 years, but Puff and Fluff will be our last!  We are customers for life!
5	Just got my pup back after a day visiting the lovely ladies at Puff and Fluff.  We had been using a mobile groomer, and even tried a second one, but hated the diesel fumes and they weren't especially good with our dog, plus the cuts weren't that great.I'm happy to report they were very sweet with my skittish mutt and gave him a very nice cut.  I'm completely happy with the people and their work, and no diesel fumes!  Many thanks!
5	Owner Liz and her staff did a great job with my Austrailian Shepard Mix, Shelby. Shelby is very shy and always hates to leave my side, but Liz was there at the front door to make her feel very welcome and comfortable. I picked up Shelby after a couple of hours and she was smiling and wagging her tail like she just went through a full day spa treatment. SPOILED!On a side note they also sell some great locally made dog treats that Shelby just loved. Love the idea!! I will always use their services!!!
5	New owner Liz and her crew are just awesome!  The boys, Archie and Gus are so glamorous when they leave the shop and smell soooo good. Liz has incorporated new enclosures for the pups that make them and me feel less like I'm taking them to jail.  She has them ready for pickup super fast as well which is nice for them to get in and out quickly. I really like that Liz is a communicator.  She texts me to remind me to bring them in and when they are done AND when she babysits them overnite she texts me daily with pictures and updates on how they are doing.  I love that.  Yes, I am an overprotective mama but Liz understands that and does everything she can to make me feel reassured.  Yay to the new Puff and Fluff group!!
5	Brought my Yorkie in and they did an amazing job! Making my next appointment now. They clipped his nails bathed and cut and even cleaned his ears. This was one of the best experiences I have had at a groomers and I highly recommend them!
5	We have been coming here for about four years now. Tried a couple of other places, but never again! P&F is the only place for our lil schnauzer. The new staff is wonderful and our doggie looks great when she gets out!
5	I have two big dogs, sorry let me rephrase that, I have a big dog and a horse dog! :)Puff and Fluff got both my dogs looking, smelling, and being clean, cute, and ready for cuddles! :)THANK YOU Puff and Fluff!  My boys will never go anywhere else!
5	This place is great! Lovely staff, very detailed on the grooming and great rates. My only complaint is the parking lot is a little tight!
5	First off, this place is the cutest grooming salon ever. I saw the reviews online one day, and they had the best customer service and answered every question I had, and then I made the appointment for a few days later. When I went in for my fur babies groom, I was so pleased to see it looked just like the pictures, not to mention they had the cutest merchandise ever! They called me when they were done, and my dogs have never looked so happy and "confident" after their groom! They were cut just perfectly and it could tell they weren't dying to leave right away like other grooming places. Now they have day care which we will be sure to attend a couple days a week :) definitely a place to check out if you want high quality service at a great price
5	I was trying to find a nice groomer to take my shih tzu puppy who is only 3.5 months.  He was in desperate need of a face trimming but he was so young that I was hesitant. They were so nice on the phone and had me drop him off right when they opened.  They called in about an hour and he was already done.  When I arrived to pick him up, he looked WONDERFUL!  The groomer was so nice and everyone that worked there was so friendly.  They took time to answer questions for me about the breed and even offered suggestions on ways to help him get accustomed to grooming.  I would HIGHLY recommend Puff and Fluff to anyone.  They do a fantastic job and took great care of Sparky!
5	Took my two puppy-sons in for grooming for  their first visit here. The staff was gentle and kind. Toby and Rudy had a great day & received great haircuts. We're sold!
5	Awesome service and price!!!Our business (Samurai Comics) are members of Local First Arizona, so we are very aware of the importance of shopping locally. Despite that, I had been taking our dog Bigby to the big chain stores for grooming.So, I am VERY happy that we discovered Puff & Fluff! Now we have a local business to take my furry buddy to for baths, grooming and more.The owner Liz helped me herself-- responding to my email the same day, and making time in their schedule to fit us in. She was there at the shop when I dropped Bigby off, and her attention and obvious love for what she does was awesome! While I didn't get to meet her staff, I did take a peek behind the curtain so to speak, and saw them working away grooming other pets, and I had to smile as I watched them talking to the dogs soothingly as they clipped away.I used the word "pets" above, but if you are like me, your "pet" is really a member of your family. If you want to go somewhere where they will treat your pet like family, go to Puff and Fluff.
5	I took my 1 year old (and extremely "happy") shih-tzu daughter to get groomed after a not so good experience at our regular "big box store" groomers... we LOVED the Puff & Fluff experience and we will surely be back!  Plus, I'd rather support local businesses ;-)  My baby looks amazing, she was not stressed when I dropped her off or picked her up, the price was reasonable and the ladies were very friendly.
5	I still gladly come from Laveen to have my Yorkie groomed. The ladies at puff and fluff are truly amazing. Thanks for making chewbacas visits wonderful.
5	Simply the best Groomers in town! I was hesitant at first, because I love my dog and have trust issues. In the end I'm so happy I trusted puff and fluff. I almost didn't recognize fluffy. He was so clean and soft. They don't have a sign but they're behind Starbucks next to the swizzle. I like shopping local and this place screams locally owned. The staff was attentive, quick, and attractive. I can't say enough good things about this place. SERIOUSLY AMAZING DOG GROOMING
5	This place Is so cute!! The groomer made my adorable schnauser even cuter than before!  I didn't think that was possible.  They are nice people and the place is clean and we'll kept.
1	Very disappointed and wouldn't recommend them to anyone, actually I would go out of my way to make sure my dogs story is heard. After three vet visits and a month worth of medication and permanent eye damage, my shih tzu is partially blind because of this shops negligence. When I noticed my dogs eye I immediately called the owner who denied any potential wrong doing. Coincidentally my dog was fine before I dropped him off but when I picked him up he all of a sudden either got burned by a blow dryer or cut with scissors per the vet... ON HIS EYEBALL!!! I'm certain it happened at puff n fluff. The owner sounded concerned for his health and said she would follow up in a few days after the vet visit ... Here we are three months later and still no call. Sad because I went there for more than 6 years and no longer feel safe there. Highly recommend looking for alternate groomers.
5	What I great shop!  The owner Liz couldn't love her job more & it shows.  She has created a adorable spa, complete with accessories and treats or tennis balls!   Her staff is conscientious & attentive, they love all of their furry friends and know them by name.   It is a cozy welcoming place for pets to come get spruced up as well as relax.  I love finding great businesses that love what they do!
5	I've been taking my dogs to Puff & Fluff for a few years now and I would never take my dogs anywhere else. I love this place and they have always been accommodating. I know I can count on them for a last second nail trim or a bath.  They are super sweet and gentle and patient with all 5 of my dogs, even the difficult one. I feel very comfortable bringing my dogs here and will continue to do so! Thank you Puff and Fluff for being so great to me and most importantly to my babies that I adore!
5	I recently moved to this area but still drove to Chandler for my groomer. The commute was getting old but I didn't have a reason to leave. After the other place nearly shaved my dog naked, it was time to look for a new place.I found this place and decided to give it a try. They were very friendly while booking my appointment and when I arrived. My dog seemed instantly comfortable. They were timely and courteous and my dog looked GREAT when I picked him up. I will be back!
5	Wow what a great groomer. Fluffy has never looked better. The prices are competitive and the service was amazing. A bit hard to find, but just look behind starbucks. It's one of those hidden gems.
5	Liz is amazing! Such a wonderful person and business owner! The way she treats her clients is unheard of now a days. I highly recommended that if anyone is looking for a great groomer, puff and fluff will treat your beloved pet like royalty.
5	Puff & Fluff was easy to schedule, easy to find and easy drop off/pick up.  In and out!  Bongo's hair cut looked the best it has ever looked!  He was came home calm and happy.
5	Puff & Fluff is an adorable local business. The staff is always extremely friendly and they are more than willing to support local animal welfare organizations. Puff & Fluff graciously donated a raffle basket to us at AZK9.org to help raise funds for a dog needing and ACL repair surgery and attended a recent luncheon fundraiser on their day off. This is truly a business that cares about helping out in the community in addition to offering professional and wonderful services for pet owners.
5	I was very impressed with the friendly welcome.  The reason we explored a new groomer was because of excessive wait time.  I was so pleased to get a text notification less than an hour after dropping our dog off.  The prices are very competitive as well.  We will definitely be back in a month or so!
1	I'm not sure what gain I would get by accusing your shop of doing this to my dog. As I said I've been going there for years and never had an issue. I'd actually preferred to continue going but your behavior changed that. It was not 6 days after he was there and I'm sorry you don't remember. He was there on Thursday and if you recall my conversation on Monday w you and not just try to refute my credibility, you'd remember I said I walked him Thursday night and noticed he couldn't bare walking near car lights, which made me wonder what happened so I took him to vet Monday when they opened, when he could no longer keep his puss filled eye open. I didn't ask for any vet bills or future bills, but a little accountability would have been nice. So to say it didn't happen and it's a matter of right or wrong doesn't make sense. It's not my integrity that's compromised by writing a review, it's your pure denial and lack of accountability that's questionable. If you notice I don't yelp often and felt compelled to share my story so other eyeballs could be spared. You know we all know accidents happen and we have to deal with things and that's just life. This was an accident and he survived and we are doing just fine, as suspected. If he and my other dog were really like family you would have returned your end of the bargain and checked back, regardless of what you think happened. I never insinuated your shop didn't treat animals like they're family and again have absolutely nothing to gain by purposely putting negative feedback here other than my experience. Coincidence? Hmm I don't think so, nor did my vet. You would have known had you followed up as you said you would. It's your conscience that needs to be cleansed, not mine.
5	Amazing place!! I had this place recommended to me a year ago for a rescue dog I had that was a hot mess. I called and a very friendly person got me in asap. When I walked in the place was so adorable - very boutique. They did such a good job on him and he was adopted shortly after. I now take ALL my rescue and personal dogs here. My high maintenance, nervous cocker who hates the groomer actually does not freak out when she comes in. I love that you can see in the back where the dogs are kept. Staff is so sweet with me and my pups. Not to mention they support the rescue community!! I won't go anywhere else. Seriously - you guys are amazing!
5	Hands down the best groomer to take your furry best friend too!  It's a tiny boutique groomer tucked away in a strip mall behind Starbucks.  I was referred to them by a friend.  This is our second time getting our senior Irish Terrier groomed.  Liz the owner is so sweet and caring.  Liz recommended after our first visit that when I make our appointments to ask for an "express cut", which means they can get her in/out in less time.  That's super important for her at this stage of her life.  I'm not one to leave our girl with just anyone and Liz makes me feel very reassured.  She texts me pictures of her while getting groomed.  Also Elizabeth the groomer is excellent as well.  She met me at my car just to make sure she had a chance to chat with me about how everything went.  I couldn't say enough kind things about both Liz and Elizabeth.  Not only did they do a great job on grooming but their caring and compassion sets them apart from most places.  I didn't realize but they are one of a few groomers that will groom elderly dogs. They both have the experience and are more than happy to help.  I highly recommend them hoping that you have the same great experience we've had.
5	Liz and the ladies at Puff & Fluff treated my dogs like family. I handed over 3 dogs to them today, and knowing that my 4th would be lonely they suggested that I let her go to. Liz had my 4th dog hang out with her and her two dogs all day long in the greeting area even though the 4th was not getting groomed! The owner of this place puts the animals in her care above everything else. I know my animals are safe at P&F. Anyone who says otherwise is crazy...
5	Awesome place! Melissa was so incredibly sweet and attentive to our little puppy. She was kind and very gentle while she took our dog back to get groomed. She was friendly and even texted us a picture of our dog to let us know she was all settled and doing great. Being that she is our baby it was very comforting and consideration her to go out of her way to make sure we knew our dog was ok:) The haircut was great and our dog was very happy when we picked her up! We found our new place for grooming!
2	This was the first groomer we tried out in the Phoenix area. They had good reviews on yelp and good prices so we gave them a try. I was not impressed and left really missing our groomer back in CA. I asked for my dog's tail to get special attention. She was given back to me with matts still in her tail and her face hadn't been cleaned thoroughly. Pretty disappointed will not be returning.
5	I have 2 small dogs. To say that I love my dogs would be an understatement! I am ecstatic that I have found this incredible pet sitting and dog walking service. Liz is wonderful with them, and I feel at peace while at work knowing that my "children" are in good hands :) I wish I knew about this company sooner!!!!
5	Liz is such a great and caring person and works REALLY hard to be one of the best groomers out there.  I was so impressed with her business ethic, even though I also own a dog business I had my ex take our dog Mister Paws to her.  He's a Lassa-poo and she did a beautiful job.  Mr. does this little dance when he is happy and when I saw him right after the grooming he was beyond himself.  I was concerned that switching groomers was going to be a problem but he loved it!  I have 3 more that need grooming and they will definitely be going to Puff and Fluff.  The other small thing I might mention as an owner of a canine business for eight years (and over 1000 dogs), I'm not going to take my own animals just anywhere!
5	I moved a few months ago and was looking for a groomer in the neighborhood.  I went on YELP and found a great first time deal for Puff n Fluff who were just down the street. I have a Brussels Griffon and it is hard to find a groomer that understands just how to do a Brussels cut and actually listens when I say I want her body short but her beard long! I also had a dog I had just rescued who was very shaggy and needed a shave badly! I brought both dogs in for a clean up. Just a few short hours later I got a call from Melissa saying everyone was ready- I was surprised how they had squeezed me in on short notice and also got done so quickly! Not only was I given a first time client discount on my Brussels, but they also gave me a very nice discount on the dog I found.  I was not expecting that. I knew at that moment I would start bringing all 5 of my dogs to PnF! The next day I even got a text message asking how our experience was and thanking me for my business. I think the customer service at PnF blew me away, not to mention the awesome job they did on the haircuts. The owner, Liz is always around and you can tell she really cares about her business and her clients. PnF might be small but they are MIGHTY! They truly care about your pups as if they were their own and they care about their customers too. I have found my FUREVER groomer! WOOF!!!
5	Very happy with Puff & Fluff.  I've never had a dog that needs grooming, so I didn't know quite what to expect.  But, Millie was well taken care of and looked adorable at pick up.  Thanks for taking care of my baby (my 3rd child).
5	Fantastic business - the best in town!!! I so appreciate the love and care these ladies provide to my kids when I drop them off. They always look AMAZING when they come home with cute hair or clean teeth. I am obsessed with my little dogs and hate leaving them with strangers. These gals are like family!!!
5	Brought my dog here last minute! They were able to get him in same day and did a fabulous job! He smelled so good and his hair cut was perfect. The owner was so nice and friendly and the storefront was cute and clean! I will definitely be bringing my dog back.
5	I recently purchased an AKC Yorkshire terrier, of which I am very proud of! So, I looked and looked for a professional groomer that would take extra special care of my extra special baby (my kids joke and say I love my dog more than I love them). I found Puff & Fluff though yelp and I couldn't be happier! I now bring all my animals (2 dogs & 2 cats) for their regular grooming here and couldn't be happier! My parents rescue cats (they currently have 15) and they brought their elderly cat here to be shaved because of mats and they are over the moon happy with their services also! So happy we found you and we will gladly refer you to all of our friends and family!
5	I took my two a bit difficult German shepherds in for a bath and nails and they did a great job. They also said my dogs behaved well. I'm sure they lied, but it made me feel good.
5	I am not usually one to review online, but my experience with Puff & Fluff has just been really great. The groomers clearly take great care and are very skilled. The owner, Liz, is awesome, and loves my dog Sawyer soooo much. Perhaps most importantly, Sawyer loves them, too! And he always comes back looking great.   Puff & Fluff is more than just a pet groomer. They are a local business worth supporting, and a part of the community. If you live in the neighborhood, you have to give them a shot. If you don't, they are still absolutely worth the drive.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Clean, super friendly, and consistent.  Both dogs came home in perfect condition - no surprise nicks.I'll always pay for what I get, and in this case I get great service at competitive prices, frequently at the last minute.
5	We already take our two terriers to Puff & Fluff for regular grooming and we always receive exquisite service. We had to travel for the holiday and decided to try one of Puff & Fluff's pet sitters. We made the perfect choice. Leah, our sitter, was a gem. She was able to accommodate our travel dates, met us at the shop for drop-off & pick-up, provided a fun & loving place for our pups to stay, sent daily text messages & photos of our pups playing with her pup. and even managed my Toby's eye condition with great care. We're extremely pleased with Puff & Fluff's pet sitting service.
