4	The term "Sandwicherie" may or may not have been invented by this establishment, but I'll tell you from looking over the menu panels back and forth I'd say maybe they have the right to. The unique creations using various types of marinated chicken, beef and fish topped with cheese, fresh vegetables and mild or spicy sauces are noteworthy. I commented to the order taker and sole counter person that I would have to come back to take in all the choices. I therefore opted for the first thing on the menu "Le Rouge". An elongated pita pocket meets roll, stuffed to the gills with Tandoori chicken in a sauce I liken to butter chicken sauce, with orange cheese melted through it, lettuce, tomato and onion. I figure by now you can imagine this thing dripped on the tray liner, but was worth the mess. In a way a dream come true butter chicken in a bun. I'm sold for another try. The second item is "Le Jaune", so who knows where this rainbow of food will end. To note all sandwiches are priced with or without a trio (fries and a pop). The meat is Halal and there is plenty of it throughout the menu. No need to mention this place must rock at 2:30am and all that meat (and some grease) is a great absorber of other items consumed on The Main. Simply put it's a lot like sit down street (truck) food.
4	Greetings fellow Yelpers!! This is my first time coming to Central Bergham and after enjoying the Classic Sandwich I know I'llbe back! This quiet yet vibrant Algerien owned business is hidden on the corner of beaubien st and langelier. As you enter, you see the cooks at work, families sitting, youngsters talking but as soon as the food is served, all you hear are "hmm"'s. crunching into those sanwiches gets better with every bite. It's so good you won't notice  your finishing it! FYI I here there is another one beeing built in the downtown are. Enjoy Yelpers!!
5	This place is great!There is a ton of selection and everything is different. it was super cheap. for 2 sandwiches was like $14 which makes it cheaper than eating at subway. When I left I left thinking about what I wanted to order next time I came back. it was very good street food. The sandwiches are messy and hard to eat which makes them perfect for walking around and snacking. the place seemed clean, user friendly, and very cost effective. I would highly recommend
5	This place has a very interesting approach to burgers. We came here because of a recommendation from a friend. I had the spicy burger, a friend got the two meat sandwich. It was absolutely delicious. The only thing we weren't that fond of was the poutine, and honestly it didn't matter since the sandwiches were just that good.
5	This place is my salvation in Montreal. I found out about it very recently and I vow to come here as often as possible. It's pretty ridiculous to have a restaurant this good open only during late nights, i mean that to me is such a tease. But that's what makes this place extra special. I don't even know where to start on how great this place can be for the human species in Montreal, QC. This place seems like a fast food joint you go to when you are not sober and craving some junk food. But I will tell you this place is much much more. Calling Centrale Bregham a "fast food joint" does not give the place one molecule of justice. First of all their staff is ridiculously nice, everyone I ordered from were very helpful in identifying what I would like and they are all very patient with customers. The price is also very fair compared to other Montreal fast food joints. I personally came here sober at least twice and thoroughly enjoyed my burgers and sandwhiches. It really doesn't matter what you choose, I truly believe everything on their menu will taste good and be mouth watering. They use a special type of sauce in all of their heavenly creations and any meal you order will fill you up. I mean the food is absolutely unique and different from any other sandwhich place or burger joint you will walk into. In fact, this is my favorite place in Montreal and this is coming from a pretty classy guy that guys to upscale restaurants periodically. Just writing this review makes my taste buds tingle and my mouth wetter than it was before I started writing this review. That's how powerful and tasty their food is. So if you come here, ladies and gentleman, bring extra lower body undergarments because this place has food that will make your body experience something pleasant that you will not forget.
5	If god was to open the heavens and deliver us a fast food joint right  in the heart of the city then this place is it .. let me reiterate if your on yelp and your looking for a place to fill your gullet with the best tasting fast food ever then this place it is .. again 1 more time STOP SEARCHING AND EAT HERE.
5	I had "la Maximum trio" and it was amazing! They stuffed so much meat in it that the bread can barely hold the meat. The taste is great and it only costs $12.xx
