5	I was a few minutes late because I didn't plan on getting stuck behind a city bus for two stops and three red lights. My bad.Julie and her sister, Tia welcomed me when I arrived. I had purchased a Living Social deal for my first visit which included a hair wash, condition, cut and style, pedicure, manicure, AND a glass of wine. Great deal!Julie did my hair and Tia my nails. After Juile was finished, my very fine hair felt healthy and full. I  loved the cut. Julie actually LISTENED to me and cut it exactly the way I asked her to. Not too much, not too little...just right.Tia soaked my feet in a little wooden tub and craddled each foot in her lap while she gently gave me a pedicure. Then she maincured my nails. I didn't let the polish dry long enough, though and messed up three of them within an hour. TIP: Use the restroom BEFORE you get your nails done!I was very pleased with both my hair and nails and even more pleased with the service. The glass of wine was an added bonus.I recommend you give the Phoenix Studio a call when you are ready for some pampering.
5	Like the reviewer below I also tried them out because I got a coupon through Living Social and I am so glad I did!  They are far from me but I will be going back again.  Everyone is so down to earth and friendly-and most importantly they are great at what they do.  I am heading back today, in fact!
5	I received a gift certificate through Living Social (or was it Groupon?? who knows) for a haircut, mani and pedi.  While its located at least 90 mins away from me, I had such a good experience I would totally go back.  The salon is tiny and intimate.  2 chairs...one for hair and one for nails.  Julie and her sister do hair and nails and they have an aesthetician as well. Julie was alone when I went in and I wasn't able to get my mani-pedi that day, but I will be returning to get them soon!I felt like I had known Julie forever.  She listened to what I had to say, made pertinent suggestions and did a great job on my hair.  I walked out thoroughly pleased with my cut and color.  She even emailed me the next day to thank me for coming in.  It was just such a peaceful, relaxing salon.  No pretentiousness or attitude.  No one tried to sell me products I didn't need and she offers the latest services and reasonable prices (Shellac mani/pedi's and keratin hair straightening).  I will be back up in Phoenix in the next month or 2 and I will most definitely be stopping by for some more girl time indulgence!
5	Julie and Tia are awesome. The studio is quaint, cozy and welcoming. I am thrilled with my hair and will definitely come back again and again and again
5	Julie and Tia are awesome. Julie always listens and I leave feeling gorgeous. These two are welcoming and wonderful and i will keep going back again and again
5	Julie and Tia have created a comfortable, fashionable cozy studio in the Landmark. I have been seeing them for about a year now, sent friends, family and purchased gift certificates for services for people I love. I highly recommend The Phoenix Studio!
2	I purchased a Groupon deal for a haircut/style and protein conditioning treatment. I'm kind of ambivalent on how to rate my experience. My haircut is fine, but I'm not sure if Julie was having a bad day or what. She scraped me a couple times on the back of my neck with her scissors (I have visible scratches) and then when I was leaving my husband let me know my shirt was covered in hair. I was really excited to try this salon based on the other glowing reviews but I won't be going back.
1	No thanks!! I got a living social deal to this place- big mistake! My first clue that this place was no good was that the regular nail lady wasn't in... so I got Julie her sister. I asked for a shellac manicure- french... wow, I could have done it better myself!  Plus the shellac wasn't set long enough. She also only put the top coat on one of my hands, I was like "did you put the top coat on this hand???" She insisted that she did even after I told her I was sure she didn't. I was done with my mani and pedi by 1 pm and by 6pm my mani was already completely chipped off. It was not straight to begin with but even the color on my toes isn't correctly done.. Frustrating!!! Maybe they are good at hair, but PLEASE don't go here to get your nails done!!!!!! She was nice but not worth the money nice....!
2	I am slightly frustrated!As my original appt was scheduled at 10am... later finding out she over booked and wanted to me to come at 9am for nails and hair at 10am. I am a bartender at a local bar and had closed the night before (going to sleep at 3:30am) needless to say I was exhausted! After having trouble find the place and had to circle around Central (super pain in the butt!) showing up at 9:15am I was greeted and told my appts were canceled. Wow! late 15 mins and my appt were just canceled?!!? Now, Not claiming it was entirely their fault.... as I could have looked up the number and called saying I was running a little late, but as a business they could have called me to see if I was on my way? Nail appt at 9... ok cancel that, my bad! But hair appt at 10 and you still cancel that? I was still 45 mins early for a 10am appt!!!! NEVER have I EVER had a salon tell me my appt is canceled when I was at the salon still with enough time.....Whats worse is that it was my birthday weekend and I was really looking forward to trying out a new salon, as well as being a bartender in the area, I would have loved to send business their way! Guess not :(
3	Both Julie and Tia are very nice.  I can recommend this place for Keratin hair straightening treatments for sure.  Julie does a good job with that and I've had good results.  It's also a good place to get a basic, inexpensive trim.  I cannot recommend getting nails done or elaborate hair cuts.  It is a little hard to find so get a description when you make your appointment.
5	The Phoenix Studio is a cozy little gem located in the Landmark, behind Maize's Cafe. The atmosphere is intimate and warm.   Julie (the owner) actually listens to you about your hair needs and concerns and follows your directions.  I have been going there for years and continue to receive compliments on my hair.!  She is a real find.Give Julie and Tia at the Phoenix Studio a try.  I know you will be happy with the results!  Sharon F.
4	My stylist Raymon was fantastic. He was recommended by friends and did not disappoint. He gave me great blonde highlights, and low lights, a Keratin treatment, and a haircut. My hair was amazing when I left !! Even though this was a 25 min drive from my house, Raymon is worth the trip ! Professional, knowledgeable, and doesn't rush through the services. The only negative is the size of the salon. It's very tiny, and someone was getting a pedicure about 3 ft away from my chair. Hard to hold a conversation without hearing theirs and just kinda gross to hear toenails being clipped.
5	I can't say enough about the wonderful service I received at The Phoenix Studio.Julie listens and gives you exactly what you want.  Julie is both professional and warm.  I highly recommend this salon!
4	Tia was sweet enough to accept my expired Groupon. She & her sister own a little studio up (?) town that may be a little confusing to get to even if your using Google maps. I arrived promptly on time for my mani and pedi. I enjoyed every minute of those 2 hours. Tia is warm, attentive and professional. Very easy to talk to. She gives excellent massages as well during your session. Tia has been in the nail business for over 20 years and it really does show in her work. If this studio was closer to home, I would definitely make this my regular spot. I highly recommend going just for the more personal one on one experience. Very few salons such as this exist in the valley.
