2	Big City Bagels is somewhere between a bagel cafe and Einstein.  They don't have all the trappings of a cafe (no egg salad, none of that)  but they do have nice normal bagel flavors and the bagels were slightly better than Einstein.  They have a huge Snapple fridge which excited me, but alas, no regular Snapple.  Why is everything diet here?  I don't get it.
4	Very good bagels compared to everything else that is around. I am from the east coast so I am used to better bagels than I get here in Arizona, but this is the best place around. I have gone here many times and have never been disappointed. I enjoy their everything bagels and cinnamon raisin bagels. I have tried one of their lunch sandwiches before, which was also very good. If you are looking for a good, quick breakfast and enjoy bagels I would definitely suggest going here.
4	I always order a cinnamon-raisin bagel toasted with butter, and every time I always complain that I wish there were more raisins in it!    It seems like at least half of my bites are just dough, no raisins.  But that is the only thing I could complain about!The service is always fast in the morning and the people who work here are super nice.  I definitely recommend it!
5	This is the type of place we should support in the economic times we are in. A family owned and operated business with GREAT food, for a fair price, with friendly service. They dont hassle you will bull$#!t promotions like the major chains do. I eat here as often as I can.
4	Had lunch here today.  Great selection of bagels and way better than the chain bagel places here in AZ ( but not as good as bagels from back in NY!)I really like that the bagels have toppings on both sides and they serve boars head meat...along with snapple.  Good place for a quick breakfast or lunch!
4	I'm rarely in Scottsdale, but I had meetings all day.  I asked a coworker where to go for lunch and he made the suggestion we hit up Big City Bagels.  I'm so glad we did.  I had a BLT Bagel to fulfill my bacon craving.  The bacon was crispy and there was plenty of it.  The sandwich was great, filling without being heavy.  The veggies were fresh and tasty.  The staff was friendly and I was quite impressed.  Now I'm looking for a reason to go back to Scottsdale for another lunch!
4	Hungry, I ventured out to find Big City Bagels. I plugged the address into my new phone and headed out. 15 minutes later and I was pissed off and wondering if I had a retard sandwich for breakfast. I could NOT find this place, and kept being told "you have arrived" when passing an empty field. I looked online for better directions and still couldn't find this place, I finally decided to give up and head somewhere else when I exclaimed "holy shit!" I found it. The moral of the story? Their address of N Pima doesn't work well with GPS thanks to the city of Scottsdale changing the road but NOT any of the business addresses so here... Corner of Hayden and Frank Loyd Wright next to BedMart and Staples and 4 Peaks Brewery. Okay now I am over it.... I very much enjoyed the veggie sandwich on the onion bagel, everything was very fresh and very tasty, with drink and cookie it came to about $5.50 for lunch. Well worth it. I will go back for sure and have lunch.
3	Sure beats Einsteins...The bagel and lox...not too shabby.  Bagels are a little more chewy than bready which is a plus!  Good coffee.
4	Great Bagels! For a really long time I would hhave had to say that Chompies was my fav bagel... NO LONGER!We went middle of a Sunday...and they were out of a few varieties, but what they did have were all very fresh and tasty.We also took home a few of there blended cream cheese selections... also very good.Stevie G gives Big City Bagels a big thumbs up!
4	Very tasty bagel sandwiches here.  Many coffee choices in the morning too, which is nice.  Prices reasonable.  Staff was friendly.  Parking good.  Not much more I could ask for.
4	You're not going to do much better in the Phoenix Metro area.  Sure you can go to Chompies, but after 25 years, its nice to have another option.  They get my business when I'm in N. Scottsdale.
4	A nice little spot where you can get a really good bagel.  While it's not the best that I've had in the valley, Big City Bagels is certainly better than any of the chain Bagel places.Prices are really low, especially when you consider the area Big City Bagels is located.  I'll take $2.50 for a bagel with cream cheese anytime.  BCB also offers a good list of other breakfast food, sandwiches, and a decent variety of coffees.   It's a little bit hidden in that massive shopping center at Hayden and Frank Lloyd Wright, by Four Peaks.  But when you find it, Big City Bagels is definitely worth skipping your usual chain bagel shop for.
5	I was never excited about bagels before in my life until Big City.  Now I look forward to sneaking over there a few times a week for one of their freshly made delicacies.  BCB is family owned and family run and the kids are just wonderful, hard working people.  I know that they have specials after two for a dozen bagels and they look like they wonderful sandwiches.  All that I know thus far is that the quality of their bagels is second to none.  They are larger than the competitors and prepared better.  The coffee is great, and is self serve.  The store is clean and has about 5 or 6 tables outside so you may enjoy your day or take your dog along for a bite.I never thought I'd be raving about something as "blah" as a bagel.  But BCB is so much more than that.  Enjoy!
5	This place has amazing bagels. I feel like im back east.  They have half priced bagels I believe after 2pm and close at 2:30pm  Im not positive about those times.  But go here you wont be disappointed and if you are you dont know good bagels.
5	From a girl who was spoiled by NYC bagels for 20+ years, I have yet to find a better bagel in AZ.  Einsteins, Lox, Stox, Chompies and most other are chewier and tougher, but Big City, is simply a big, soft bagel the way God intended it.  It's a small, straight-forward, no-frills store, hardly a wait, nice people, low prices and they just make the damn bagels right.  You should try it if you like bagels. If you enter the shopping center from Hayden Rd. you'll find it right away, as the store is on the back side of all the stores on Pima; roughly behind Staples.
4	My mom and I stopped here for a quick lunch one day and enjoyed the food! We each got a sandwich and each were fresh and tasty! Staff was friendly and welcoming too! My only suggestion for them is to have some sweet stuff out where we can see them because if I saw something sweet (and I know you have sweet stuff for sale) then I would have probably bought something sweet :) Oh and when the weather is nice this would be a great place to chill outside (they have a patio out front).
3	Big City Bagels does a very nice job.Now that Brooklyn Bagels (Desert Ridge) is closed, Big City is the only game in North Scottsdale.  They tend make what I call plump bagels.  In other words, you might not see an opening in the middle.  But they are great for making sandwiches and tasty too.If you are an early riser, I would highly recommend coming here early and getting the bagels when they're still toasty hot.  The smells inside the store are amazing and don't forget to get your card stamped.Enjoy!
5	Best bagels in scottsdale.. Excellent coffee..
3	Remember High School football when there was the A & B Freshmen teams? Well Big City is on my B Team. I go here when my top choice is swamped.They have a decent selection of Bagels and assorted breakfast type sandwiches and sodas. There is a nice outside patio.The major problem I have with this place is that they don't understand the phrase "EZ    on the Butter". Invariably I have to sponge off the extra gobs of butter from the Bagel. It must be a New York thing. Someone please pass me the secret code.
2	Below average bagels. Eggs had no taste. Fast service.
5	Great Bagels and people were very nice. We will be back soon! Love the mom and pop feel.
4	Really friendly folks serving up good breakfast grub and great coffee.
5	great options for bagel sandwiches.came here for breakfast to fuel up for skating practice.  ordered the ham omelet bagel.they have egg beaters, meaning a nice protein packed sandwich with less cholesterol and fat.  the bagel was very good and chewy.very happy with the service as well.friendly place.
1	They microwave the eggs and meat and didn't have any bagels at left at 9am.  Won't be returning, though the service was ok.
4	In my constant quest to find good bagels in AZ I came across Big City and figured I'd give them a shot.  The bagels are great!  Again, the salt bagels here don't have the rocky salt that I'm used to but this place does a nice job.  The salt, everything, poppy and onion are delicious and they have a Hawaiian, which I didn't think would be good but I ended up loving it (it has coconut and I think pineapple).  The cream cheese is very good and they put the right amount on, at least for my taste.  I like the fact that these aren't the pale bagels you mostly see out here, these are crispy outside with a nice toasty brown color.Husband loves the weekend omelet sandwich.  Convenient location and parking - major plus.  I take bagels to go each time and I freeze them - these defrost and toast up great, another plus.
5	This is a nice spot.  I'd say their prices seem pretty reasonable.  Everyone seemed quite friendly. I've been there twice and not disappointed. Manly for bagels and cream cheese but their sandwiches look pretty good as well. There aren't that many breakfast places left, and this one is one of the better, if not the best one.
5	Best bagels in scottsdale.. Excellent coffee..family owned. Great service. Highly recommended
5	Have been coming for a while and when I come in the door, they know my order.  Love it!  Thanks.
5	I really didn't think there would be any decent bagels in AZ. Thanks for proving me wrong. These are true bagels that a NY native can enjoy. Interesting flavors too.
4	Another solid turkey sandwich and this places uses Boars Head and gives you three turkey flavor choices. All sandwiches include a pickle and your choice of sides. All the salads though are not homemade and come via Boars Head. Just pick the bag of chips to be safe. The signature sandwiches are about 8 bucks and those apparently include double the meat, but it really just looked like a normal sized sandwich. The make your own sandwich is a buck less. Very friendly sandwich maker and the bagels do appear to be boiled before baking, so that is a plus, except charging $1.10 for a bagel and then adding extra for a specialty bagel is a bit overpriced. All bagels should be 99 cents, crossing the dollar mark has gotten under my skin.
5	Great place! Great people! Awesome food! The White fish salad is perfect along with everything else they serve. Hope they remain in business for a long time..
3	Nothing to write home about.
5	Just found out about this place 3 weeks ago and have gone at least once a week since.  The place is very clean, everyone is extremely nice, and the breakfast bagel I keep getting is bomb!!!  Best bagel place I have found since moving to AZ from WA.
5	Good selection of bagels and cream cheeses. My toasted Everything Bagel is so warm and soft inside - perfect!
4	Always super friendly staff here.  My egg and cheese bagel was very good.  It was nice to eat out on their small patio.  They have a good selection of various coffees.
5	Great selection of bagels and super friendly staff. I love the fact that they don't dilute their whitefish salad with cheap fillers, like so many others do these days. They carry the Acme brand whitefish, which is my favorite and the best in my opinion. Their bagels are delicious. Their lox spread cream cheese is pretty good too!
5	Ummm, if I could give this place 10 stars I would! I come in here every day almost (not good, right lol) but every time I get the best, fastest service ever! And everyone is so damn nice I just love the environment and the people. And the food....oh my! So amazing. I have no had one time where I was the SLIGHTEST bit unhappy! Namaste!
5	Great bagel shop! I love their selection of bagels and sandwiches. They cater our business meetings on Friday mornings and everyone is always satisfied to see their smiling faces as they deliver them. I stop in occasionally for breakfast and they always remember exactly what I order. Amazing customer service and very friendly staff.
3	Seems like a good place to grab a bagel and a coffee before work. It's nice that it's open early. Not too many people there at all, so it was quick service.I got a sub par breakfast burrito. My guess is that the eggs were microwaved - which is fine..just not what I was expecting. Maybe I had too high of hopes, but it wasn't a solid place for the breakfast burrito is was in search of. It got the job done though.It's a knit picky thing, but I have to mention that my burrito wasn't actually wrapped up in the to go tin foil. It was just kind of smooshed around it. It's clear that it was quickly tossed together in all aspects.I appreciate the service and food and I'll go back to give it another shot when I'm back in the area, but I will not be getting breakfast burrito next time.
5	Closest thing to NYC bagels out here. Makes me feel less homesick! Bagels aren't skimpy small like the ones at Chompies. Friendly staff. Great bagel selections. Wish they had more cream cheese selections. They have yummy cold cuts as well! They don't place a lot of cheese on their sandwiches so ask for a double of cheese. Love this place!
5	Great bagels.  I had an everything bagel with sundried tomato cream cheese.   Perfectly done bagel NYC style!  Not too chewy. Not too crunchy.    And that alone would be worth 4 stars.  But add in the clean decor, good parking, friendly staff and they are at 4.5 stars.  But the thing that won my heart..... Java city coffee.  Oh how I miss thee from my days in Sacramento.  It's like this place blended the favorite places from my past. NYC and SMF. I'll be making the drive from chandler to come back here!  5 freaking stars!  And some rock star hands.  \m/ \m/
4	This is a great breakfast/bagel shop in North Scottsdale.If I had to compare it to another local restaurant, it would be "Lox, Stock and Bagel," but "Big City Bagels" is a big step up from them in my opinion.The atmosphere is really fun, with cool little signs all around.The staff is very friendly.The bagel sandwiches are delicious.Prices aren't bad at all.My wife and I will definitely be back.Enjoy!
4	I really liked this place! It felt like a neighborhood deli which is what I miss from NY. The bacon egg and cheese bagel was delicious. When I go back next time I will give them the real NY test which is seeing how much cream cheese they spread on the bagel!
