4	Endroit sympa pour voir la coupe du monde de soccer. Le personnel est courtois et l ambiance est cool. Je n aime pas trop cr genre d endroit en general mais la j aime vraiment bien.
3	on a lovely wednesday afternoon, we had another CMYE with our lovely CM Ms D. for a 2nd poutine party this summer. this time, it was at Moose Bawr to try some of their kimchi poutine or for the non daring, a more traditional poutine. so we were a bunch of yelpers, actually, turns out we were only elites this time, enjoying each other company over some beer and sangria.amongst the things we had:beer: corona. ok, it's not beer but it is what it issangria: i don't know which one they got as i got there after most and they were already drinking. anyway, it tasted like candy. i like candy so i enjoy itfried pickles and its honey mustard dip: most likely pregnant lady food craving but it was really good! quite greasy though. the dip was pretty useless as the pickles were mighty fine without itkimchi poutine: poutine with pork rinds and kimchi topping. kimchi is kimchi. it adds some vinegary taste as well as a bit of heat which is pretty much all i can ask for. the pork rinds added that textural element we all like. cheese curds were squeaky enough so it was definitely fresh. the gravy was some good poutine gravy! the fries were cut long and fried 'til tender on the inside but not much crispiness on the outside though. overall, it was a good poutine. could have been great if the top of the poutine was hotter so the curds would melt. as we dig in, the bottom part is where you could find hot gravy and melting curds.service: it was a bit slow. between order and getting your food, it took some time. i think somewhere around 20 minutes? and we had to ask for napkins and glasses of water. i know its a bar but still.if you're in the neighborhood, it is definitely worth a stop for some poutine and maybe a dog. the japadog with kimchi looked tasty
4	For stumbling upon this place, we loved it. The drinks were inexpensive, and the food was great. The wings here are pretty awesome (they serve it by the 'baker's dozen it seems). The portions here are quite large. The servers are very friendly, and they check in multiple times, whether you've been served or not, so overall the chances of being served quickly are high. The only drawback is that the bar tabs are apparently separate from the table tab, a bit unusual, but not too significant. The time between ordering and delivery is average, and they do charge for sauces (including ketchup). Overall, check it out, especially evenings.
4	A Yelp event led me to this new resto located on St-Catherine's street where we hung out for a few hours within their open terrace.I was undecided to either go for their poutine or their sausages so I compromised and finally ordered a poutine + bacon cheddar sausage. Why live to 40?While we waited, someone at our table ordered some fried pickles and I had a few that was generously shared with the rest of us. Normally, I'm pretty neutral about fried pickles but they were actually very good and the home made honey mustard dipping sauce... was totally something I appreciated. YUMMY!The service was relatively slow and the whole process took a significant amount of time to order some drinks, then to get our drinks, eventually  to order our food and finally getting our food. If they could improve on one thing, this would be it. I didn't mind it too much though.I eventually was served my poutine with sausage (check picture for reference) and promptly went into quality assurance mode to see how I liked it.... and I did!!! The fries were just about right, the cheese curds were squeaky and generously spread out, the gravy had a great texture to it with a little kick to it that I liked as well. The bacon cheddar sausage was tasty and I was glad I had it as well. My only complaint is that the gravy wasn't piping hot at first, so the cheese curds on top didn't exactly melt as they should have. However, the more I dug into my meal the better the poutine became with all that gravy that had seeped down and the cheese curds located below were melted and tasted heavenly.The price tag is reasonable.All in all, I had a good time and liked Moose Bawr. I wouldn't mind visiting again one day.
3	Great option in the area for playful and creative bar food, tvs, warm woodsy decor. The service was friendly but a little confused and slow. Not bothering to ask new members of our group if they wanted glasses for the giant sangria we'd ordered, just small stuff like that. I'm not big on TVs in bars so this isn't my new favourite place in the world or a fan of distracted service but the kimchi poutine was tasty, cool flavour combo, and there were other tasty sounding things on the menu I'll totally happily go back and try.
3	Moose Bawr is fairly new and very conveniently located.  It's a small bar with a very limited menu that basically consists of sausage sandwiches and fries.  I've come twice now and wasn't really blown away by it either time.  It wasn't that it was terrible it just left me feeling underwhelmed.  Service was also a little on the slow side.  It was hard to get the waiter's attention and it took a while to do things like place our order.The second time around I actually tried the food here.  I went for the regular poutine.  You can add sausage to it for an additional fee which I did opting to add cheddar-bacon sausage on top.  The sausage was good but I felt that the poutine could have been more salty since it was kind of bland.  This is definitely a bar where you go for beer.  Their sangria is good but I wasn't really a fan of the mojito I tried.  They have a pretty good beer selection looking at the menu.  Prices are in line with other bar.  Like I said this place doesn't blow me away.  I'd probably come back but I wouldn't make an effort to come here.
4	I just give this note for one thing : THE KIMCHI POUTINEOk we also had a sangria and it was pretty good (and actually really big, don't drink it alone you rebel) So yeah, the poutine. I have to say, I know Kimchi and I like it, but thinking about it on a poutine was... Well, weird.When it was actually in front of me, it was still weird, and it looked weird too. But weirdly enough, that was GOOD. Really good. And fat (of course, it's a poutine) I thought about it last time and I miss it. If I miss it, it only means one thing : Yummy. Weirdly good. Try it.
4	$5 car bombs is a great way to start! Its nice to see a business in this location that is successful. They have a cute terrace during the summer but a very warm interior for the rest of the seasons. I've only had a hot dog off their menu but it was well balanced.
1	Probably would give half a star, if I could...however, I have not tried the food or the "cocktails" because the service was so bad an unwelcoming that I felt uncomfortable even ordering anything. First time in Montreal, and I absolutely loved the city and the people - however if this was my only experience I would definitely think otherwise. I was travelling alone n business, which is hard enough being female. I read the reviews and decided to give this a chance since I craved a good cocktail and poutine. I sat at the bar for 20 minutes before someone acknowledged me; I had to finally ask for a menu. Waitress (the one with the stupid nose ring) was very rude and totally blew me off, especially when she thought I didn't speak French - although I really do, I just didn't feel like making an effort with her. The waitress who poured me my beer was pleasant. Strange comments from some of the male staff. Just generally unprofessional and unpleasant, which is strange for such a young staff and from my other experiences in Montreal, which I usually rave for being a very welcoming city. Too bad. Staff needs to realize that it is not "cool" making guests, or anyone for that matter, feel uncomfortable and unwelcome, especially when they are supporting your business. Also, if you advertise as being a cocktail bar, learn some standard cocktail recipes. Best of luck; I hope you improve.
4	A local friend recommended Moose Bawr for their great poutine and perfect setting for watching the World Cup without feeling out of place (we were a group of women who don't like rowdy bars and wanted a bit of a classier environment than a regular pub).  We LOVED it.  Very friendly service, food came out quickly and as expected, and was very tasty!Pitchers of sangria - yes please!  We tried their classic poutine and the KIMCHI POUTINE! SO good!  Just an fyi - the Kimchi poutine has some sort of seafood in the sauce, so watch out if you have allergies.  The Kimchi poutine was probably my poutine thus far as the sauce had a zesty flavor to go along with the cheese curds.  Unexpectedly tasty!  Try if you like new experiences, or love poutine!We also had their Shakira Dawg - it was very tasty!  It comes with tasty sour kraut on the side!! (check out the pics)Highly recommend and wish we'd returned here for the second World Cup game the next day, instead of trying a new bar and being disappointed by bad service and unexciting food options elsewhere. :P  Takeaway - glad Moose Bawr opened up.  It's a fresh take on a fun bar with great food, friendly service and a nice light environment with big windows and group-friendly high top tables. Check it out if you want good drinks and a nice setting to talk and watch sports.
3	A friend recommended checking out this bar while we were in Montreal. We decided to scope it out late on a Saturday afternoon. It was dead inside. By the time we left there were 6 people. Regardless of the lack of people the Saucisseberg was not lacking in flavor. The menu was cool and the food was great. We ordered beer so can't comment on the cocktails. We ended up going back here at the end of the night around 2 AM and the place was packed with music playing loud. Definitely a fun spot at night.
1	Pros: They have a healthy selection of good Sangria pitchers. They have a small selection of beer on tap, generally popular things. Rickards Red is what I generally go with. Beer can be ordered in normal pint, 1L mugs, and 2L 'boot'. Cons: The food is underwhelming. They have a sort of meatball that's server in a cone (the same way they do for fries). Only half the cone is filled with paper, so you recieve half of what you think you're ordering. There is no hot or spicey option for the wings. Further while the staff is generally polite, relaxed, and even playful; the manager (at least one of the managers: Mark) is not. Following friendly banter with the staff, one of girls my party asked for a cup to help finish the 2L boot we'd just ordered. The man at the kitched said no to offering a glass, saying you have to drink from the boot itself. This is while one of the staff at the bar is drinking from their boot from a pint glass. Upon returning to the table, we filled one of the used Sangria glasses we had with beer, and the manager promptly came by to kick us out. There was no warning, and after expressing that we could drink out of the boot if they insist, there was no leeway offered. His explanation for evicting us changed several times through his asking us to leave and settled on the not being able to use a glass with the 'boot' beer. I can 't really say what his motivation was, but it seemed personal, petty, and was unwavering. He was also rude with another member of our party, belittling him for not giving his name before the manager went to retrieve the ID (When you order a boot, they need an ID or Credit Card, as they get broken and stolen otherwise). Some of the staff apologized for the manager's actions, but had no say in the situation. Finishing a 2L boot in the 5-6 minutes while different people tried to discuss the issue with the manager was the opposite of our intention for the night. 3 of us ordered boots while the ladies shared a Sangria pitcher. I can't recommend this bar given the manager's actions.
4	Kimchi poutine. EAT IT. Sassy menu. Will be back! Only complaint was poor service, holidays though so probably understaffed, understandable. This is NOT the place for intimate conversation! Avoid on game night, unless of course you are looking for a place to watch the game. ;)
