4	A haven for wildlife and adventurers alike this is a fabulous park (in the natural sense not the kick-about sense) full of endless examples of natural Scotland.  Not too far from King's Buildings it offers a wonderful retreat where you can forget about everything else and just relax.In one area of the park you have the Braid Burn a stream that gently cascades through the park with endless different locations to stop and take it in as it continues down its course.  Head further out from Edinburgh and you leave the wooded region and head up into a slightly more barren hilly area, tainted only by a golf course sat in the smaller areas of slightly flatter land that have not been consumed by these hillsides.It is well worth following the Braid Burn for as much of its course as you can.  On the first half of its travels it is penned in by steep wooded hillsides towering over you before it breaks out to be flanked by small grassy meadows and smaller vegetated hillsides.  A great walk in some great countryside.
4	It is gorgeous down here.We got a picnic of little snacks at a marrgiottas and found a nice place to sit and eat whilst watching the stream go past.Very tranqual
5	When I walk home from work, I walk through here.  HOW COOL IS THAT??The Hermitage of Braid is a gorgeous path in the valley below the Braid Hills.  The first part follows a stream through a beautiful wooded area and passes by the stunning Hermitage building.  The second part emerges from the trees and continues to follow the stream.  It's a wonderful walk at the best of times, but especially on a sunny day when you are headed home from work for a nice beer out in the back garden.  Heaven.
5	My lunch time walk when I can get away from the dreaded inbox. Nothing quite clears the head like a wander up here. My favourite approach at the weekend is to walk up over the observatory to the top of the hill behind the main building, take in the view and then walk down through to the second bridge and along to morningside. The area is a haven for wildlife and dog walkers. It really is a fantastic slice of the countryside hidden in Edinburgh. I am alwasy amazed at the ammount of people I take for a weekend wander up here that have never heard of it. You walk along the banks of a fast moving stream meadering through bridges and trees eventually the path opens up in places and you are greeted by a very dapper looking town house. Across from the house up a small slope is the victorian outside freezer built into the rock face. Eventually you find yourself a few minutes walk from the bottom of morninside. I love this place and would happily be wandering around this area every weekend.
