2	I was here twice in a two week span because my kid was sick. The girls checking people in were really nice. The triage guy the first time around was grumpy and smelled like he baths in dirty ash trays. The triage guy the second time around was friendly but didn't really seem to know what he was doing. Waiting for a doctor or nurse took forever, of course. But, when we did finally meet a doctor they were extremely friendly and we didn't feel rushed. Good bedside manner counts for something (hence the two stars). Unfortunately, both times I was here the doctors mis-diagnosed my son and prescribed medicine that wasn't needed and didn't solve the problem.Since my son wasn't getting any better I had to take him to his regular pediatrician, who did figure out the cause of his illness and now he's all better. It's a shame that I can't trust the diagnoses of the SMA doctors, they're nice afterall, but in healthcare that will only get you so far.
4	Located on the Rancho side, in the Smith's shopping center (the other SMA building is located on the Charleston side- so if you drive there, there is not a passageway between the two buildings, and you will have to exit and then make a left turn onto Rancho- yup, I speak from experience), this building has been around since the 1990's (was a patient off and on, over the years). I chose this office because it's close to my house and the freeway entrance is closeby, so it's not an out-of-the-way commute to work. But, because Rancho is so darn busy, you will need to allow for extra time, so that you make your appointment on time. If you are very late, your appointment will be bumped and you will need to reschedule (saw this happen yesterday at my appointment). Also, I think that there is a charge for no-shows, BTW. This is a busy street, a busy parking lot for SMA, and all-around busy strip mall/shopping center, so expect delays when entering and exiting.  Recently, my insurance coverage has been with the same company, Sierra Health, so I've been coming here for the last two years for the OB/GYN department (located on the 2nd floor), as well as the mammography department- this is the one you get sent to, if there are "questions" on your regular mammogram (located on the 1st floor). If the results are normal, you will get a letter in the mail. If there are issues/questions, you will get a phone call. The office building is clean and there are bathrooms located on the bottom floors. However, one day, when I was getting a mammogram, there was a terrible odor throughout, and the employees were saying that they had to endure working the whole day with that stench. As a patient, I could leave when the appointment was over, but those poor people had to smell that nasty smell for the whole work day.  I've also been to the Eastern/Harmon location many times but the OB/GYN department closed recently.  Manage your account online by visiting www.smalv.comClick on "my sma." Create your profile.I think that there is one telephone number for the whole SMA system. The voice prompt will tell you to choose the department that you want. When I've spoken to a live person, the rep is usually nice and polite, like yesterday's conversation (if I knew her name, I'd mention it, but I forgot it).
4	I hurt my leg and I needed to go to Urgent Care to check it out. The staff is very friendly and for a Urgent Care center that is open 24/7 (like an ER lite) they are surprisingly quick and efficient. I saw the physician within about 10 to 15 minutes and he was really friendly and knowledgeable and most importantly not rushing at all. Overall if you need some patching up, then this is a solid place to go.
1	I was very disappointed in the lack of care that they provided my mother-in-law. She came in with severe lower back pain, nausea, and a bad headache. After making her wait for an hour and passing her on and on to different "nurses", "physicians", all they did was give her a shot for pain, which didn't help, because when i came to pick her up (she could't drive due to the pain) they had two nurses help put her into the car while she screamed in pain. They didn't refer her to any specialist, but the most unbelievable ,neglectful thing was that they didn't take her blood pressure, which was elevated because i took her straight to the emergency room and they checked it, and they checked her blood sugar levels because she is also diabetic.Shame on you Southwest Medical!I highly recommend that if you are looking for medical care, do not go there! Get real medical treatment elsewhere.
1	The wait is to long. Some staff are friendly.  Not a kids friendly urgent care. I waited about 3 hours. Its just funny that graveyard wait times are longer than if you come in the afternoon.
3	The nurses have really bad attitudes but the doctor was really friendly. I had been waiting in the room for 45 minutes and I went out to let them know because maybe I had was forgotten about? The nurse wasn't very nice when she told me why and didn't even offer up an apology. The nurse who did my pre screening was kind of mean too.
1	Awful.  Stay away.  Online wait times are bogus- said. 12 min, took 2 hours.  Took another hour to get prescription called into pjarmacy.
5	We walked into urgent care checked in, while I was checking my daughter in a dr walked up to put ice and a sling on her arm. So nice. We say now for less than 5 mins got called back to get her vitals checked. Now waiting for call to go get x-ray. Lets hope it's not broken.Great people over here. Very nice.
5	So this time the nurses and doctors were all super amazing and quick and sooooo professional and friendly  very happy with my visit especially since I was kind of embarrassed for my reason of coming here. (Weird rash on my thighs) he took one look at me and knew what was wrong instantly and wrote me a prescription and sent me on my merry way.
1	If you are ok. It is good. If you are  not, you could die before you get proper help.Takes 20-40 minutes to get them on the phone. And appointments, it takes weeks and weeks, If you are in pain forget it.  They have too many clients, and too few providers.Better you try another service.  They are so bad. Today I fi
5	It's a nice place to visit. Got my flu shot. I had way too many surgeries since 2000. So now I have poster medic stress syndrome. So they changed my meds. That I take for panic attacks. Hate getting old    thank God we have insurance
4	They are almost always fast, and although I am a frequent flyer I have only had one crappy doctor. There are two waiting rooms, one has plugs for phones, etc. always able to find a seat, and bathrooms nearby. Parking is easy, but a little dangerous because of the drivers, must be the Starbucks/ Robertos in the same lot making people frantic. The people who check me in are polite, not overly friendly, which I appreciate. Makes the lines go faster if they don't bond, and I'm here for long enough without that. Lol There is a TV in the waiting room, but bring a jacket cause it gets nippy.
1	I absolutely hate this urgent care. Came in about 2 hours ago and they just now grabbed vitals. Came in with a possible ankle fracture and they're just putting everyone that's not a child off. Was told that the priority is children then elderly then "everyone else", not by chief complaint. If my insurance would accept any other urgent care, I'd go in a heartbeat. If you have the option, go somewhere else. Staff is rude, the triage nurse tried to hurry me through signing a waiver instead of reading it, and just didn't listen to a single word I said.
1	This place is absolutely gross the bathroom is horrible the rooms are dirty the wait time is insane over 4 hours when someone is in extreme pain is insane! Avoid this place if I could give it -100 stars I would
1	Went there because I had hiccups. Intake was quick. After a short time, was tended to by a PA.  The disaster started quickly.  They took blood. The  PA determined I was having a heart attack.  Said I had togo to a hospital, but not one I wanted to go to. I could go only to Valley or UMC.  What happened to choices.  I will never let a PA examine me again.   This person was not very well trained. (sorry I am trashing you, but that is the truth. Lack of experience and training) After time at hospital, MC, forgot to feed me, My stresss test showed normal heart.  Never addressed my hicups isssue, how sad.
5	Thank you to the southwest staff. From the check in to triage to treatment everyone was friendly, helpful and most of all quick. I was in and out in an hour. Special shoutout to Ed he made a very unpleasant event much more bearable thank you again!
1	The wait time is horrible , being close to the strip doesn't help but it is unreal. The urgent care  is under staff and from what it seems overwork . On the plus side it is clean  but there is no plus given for the time you lose.
1	I took my fiancee here tonight (12/5/2014) at or about 7:40pm with chest pains.  We called earlier to find out if chest pains could be related to the medication they prescribed her last night and a girl named Christine got mad when my fiancee got frustrated with her failure to pay attention; Christine later called her a b***h and hung up on her.  My fiancee then called back and the girl that answered said "this b***h" and hung up before she even got a chance to speak.  I had to call back and block my caller ID just to get her name.  Fast forward back to our facility visit tonight:  After waiting for 2 hours, my fiancee asked one of the staff what was taking so long.  The lady said she would have to wait because there were 5 charts ahead of her.  When my fiancee explained she is having chest pains, this really nasty man named Dan came out and scolded her for complaining and accused her of lying and telling her that she does not have chest pains.  When my fiancee corrected him, he started swinging his clipboard in her face.  When I told him to calm down and stop being rude, he stepped close to me and started scolding me.  I firmly told him to back up and he told me to leave.  I then asked him "you're asking me to leave when YOU got in MY face?".  He then called for security.  When we asked for his name (because he had it covered on his ID)  he said his name was Dan and refused to give his last name.  I then asked him, "why are you refusing to give me your name?  Are you afraid you're going to get in trouble?"  He replied, "I get in a lot of trouble.  I'm not worried about you".  We then realized we weren't going to get anywhere and the security guard was sure to take his side so we left, untreated.  We didn't want any trouble.  Just some medical attention.
1	Without fail every time I go to this urgent care, either a nurse or a PA is the one to examine me rather than an actual doctor. But the wait time is awful. We were probably there for four hours, before someone decided to help us. Being that there was literally no one there at that point. That was just the wait time in the back too. Listening to the nurses (who were suppose to be doing their rounds as they stated), talk about what kind of tops they got for Christmas, and watching them play on their phones. It was like listening to an episode of  "Grey's Anatomy" from the other room. When you approach them they ignore you aware, of the fact that you are asking for assistance, but not actually wanting to do what they went to school for in the first place. They don't have any actual Phlebotomists there either, this nurse will come in and try to take your blood, but do it wrong, twist the needle around with it still being in your arm to get at least a little bit of blood, and then move on to your other arm if nothing comes out. Now, that's only been in this few recent years, that they haven't had an actual phlebotomists. The last few times that I've been there this year, with some kind of blood work done, without fail I leave with bruises all over my arms. Sometimes they even have to use a baby needle, because my veins "are way too small." This being the only place that I've had to use a baby needle. Along side the fact that they can't differentiate between someone's menstrual cycle, and a UTI. Telling me that I have broken cartilage in my chest, (the PA just listened to my heart for two seconds) and saying that I "probably got hit in the chest or something." Her exact words. Given that this is the only place I can go, because of my insurance, they need to clean house. Seriously, this is ridiculous.
