5	Favorite store in Madison.  Super cool finds!
4	Love this place! Stylish clothes in great condition, for decent prices. Tons of finds in every size, lots to dig through. Prices were higher than I expected, but what they had was nicer than I expected and there was more of it.  I found a Christian Dior shirt for $9!!  Crazy.  Less for kids here than adults, but I did find a few things for my kids.  Mostly, I found a ton of new work shirts, and I didn't go broke. I definitely recommend it, and will be coming here again, with family and friends in tow.
2	Oh, St. Vinnie's. You let me down. Having been to many a thrift store as well as a bunch of antique shops/malls in the past week on my china plate mission, I literally laughed out loud while at this SVdP location. The prices were absurd! Now, I'm willing to pay a little more for something really nice. But when SVdP is asking more for china plates than the same style/design (in better condition) at an antique store, something is wrong. And this wasn't just one set or design. All the pricing amongst the dinnerware was bizarrely high. No purchase from me!
4	Their furniture selection is sad, but they do have a larger jewelry display. I found two knives that were pretty good for $2. That's about all I have to say about this place.
2	I am a thrift store shop-aholic. I love the thrill of finding some rad clothes at killer prices. Although this place had some really nice women's clothes, I didn't think the prices were that good. $10-$12+ for dresses ? $6-$9 for tops? Depending on the name brand, each shirt or dress was priced differently. I do not care for this type of pricing. Small selection of housewares, some furniture. There was a sign that stated the place was voted Madison's favorite place for vintage clothes? WTH? Maybe after the award, all the vintage got bought out...sorry.  May stop again when I am nearby but won't make a special effort to go out of my way.On a positive note: staff was very friendly. The store was clean and very organized.
2	Thrift store items at department store prices. Pricing is based upon the brand of  clothing/item so there really isn't a such thing as a good deal here.
