4	We got take out from this location and were happy that they included all the extras (spicy sauce, vinegar sauce, soy sauce, chop sticks, etc.).  My Chow Fun was very zippy but my husband's lettuce wraps were less spicy than normal.  They have another location on the Strip (http://www.yelp.com/biz/Z2zdSzJ38bWXSH_YL8vljw) and one on Rampart (http://www.yelp.com/biz/T3ASfec34b8-uYr3xZj8Lw).In general, P.F. Chang's often has a long wait, but I find it worth it for some of the best vegetarian fried dumplings in the world.  The spring rolls are not so great, so skip them, but sampling most anything else should prove tasty.  They offer a good selection of vegetarian dishes, filling salads, and several other entrees that would get dubbed "California Chinese".  They'll make you a dipping sauce at your table, as spicy as you want it, and the decor is fun.  Also, I love any place that has sake on the menu.
2	Good lord, the Chinese food here is totally dumbed down American style because it tastes nothing like Chinese! I swear their Kon Pao Chicken pass off as dog. The only thing I dug was the atmosphere for it's supposed to be tip top classy.
2	I've never understood the huge mass appeal of this place.  After this location opened (the first in town), there was such a buzz going on that I was thrilled when one of my directors took the cast out to eat here.  I excitedly made my little lettuce wrap and took a big bite and...buh?That's IT?  That's what people have been raving about?  It's not that it's BAD food, it's that it doesn't live up to the hype.  The subsequent times I've been here I've felt the same way.  I've had unappetizing spring rolls, too greasy reef with broccoli, and soggy crispy honey shrimp.  I've always left longing for a more authentic Chinese experience and a higher quality one as well.
4	Ok... so this is real chinese food, but I'm not in china and I like the americanized version.  Had a large group and PF has big tables.  Was really good food, good prices feed 12 for less than 250.  Nice crowd... although there was a guy at the table next to us with a "Pimp" cup... a big crazy jewel encrusted grail???? Couldn'd understand why? but hey...
2	p f chang's always has decent food and is consistent in all of their restaurants so the deal breaker is the service i suppose.  the waiter dude here had no idea what was goin on.  he forgot drinks, messed up orders, and didn't make the custom sauce every p f chang's waiter must make.  at least the chicken lettuce wraps were good.
2	PF Chang's is that huge chain of formula corporate restaurants HQ in Phoenix, AZ that Americans seem to love. (They are found in nearly everystate now, there are 32 in California alone!) I guess if you offer "exotic" Asian like food in a nicely appointed dinner setting, charge more for it, and give it more Americanized names, tastes, and people serving it, America goes for it! It really is a sampling of Faux regional type Chinese like dishes. Sichuan General Chu's (or Cho's) chicken, Cantonese Moo Goo Gai Pan or used to be lemon chicken popularized into Orange Chicken by Panda Express into sweet and sour, slightly spicy Orange chicken: Mandarin Moo Shoo pork; and good old Cantonese fried rice. To their credit, they keep things consistent, and they keep things at a decent level if not authentic. Service attempts to be good, but it is usually too crowded for anyone to notice. After our group ordered, the waitress showed the condiment tray and asked how spicey we wanted our sauce (there were 3 small bottles of chili sauce, soy sauce and vinegar, and 3 small dip-dishes of yellow mustard, chili paste and  soy sauce. Huh? Was she going to mix it for us? I asked can't each of us make our own sauces (like you would in any Chinese restaurant?). Anyway, if you want some asian flavors but want to pay more and not get authentic food, and need to wait for your table and be served by young, inexperienced, caucasian, smiling CPK/Chili's/TGIF/Outback  type servers, go to PF Changs. If you really like it, and you don't think they have over-saturated their potential growth as a chain, you might purchase some of there stock, too!
3	This was the first PF Chang's I had ever been to way back in 96/97/98 I can't recall but this was the original in Vegas before the one on the blvd opened.  Eating at P.F. Chang's is like taking an introductory class in Chinese food.  For those that don't know authentic Chinese or asian food, this place is a great start for new palates.  It doesn't try to be authentic so you shouldn't go in assuming to have true home cooked meals here.  The focus for them is clean "up-scale" atmosphere and consistent dishes across all their restaurants so that people from the mid-west  (or where ever people live that have never tried Asian cuisine) can feel comfortable and get a great meal.   Then when a restaurant pops up in Cheyenne WY or Troy, Mich., you have instant success (just an example)... I've been to other PF's and this one still surpasses others in flavor, but for those of you that know authentic food, this still doesn't stack up.  I give it three for those that are looking to dabble in new things Chinese and get a familiarity to some of the tastes and styles, then once their "feet are wet" start getting adventurous... in no time you'll be asking for sea cucumber and birds nest soup (well maybe not that adventurous ;)
5	Food was amazing. And they have valet. I love going there.
1	Gloppy.
3	my family went to try it once.  we ordered their fried rice, was ok, but their beef broccoli was so salty.  good service made it well.
4	PF Changs=chain restaurant, but the food was great so no complaints. Our waiter did a good job attending to the five of us. Food was delish and served in a timely matter. Found a new favorite: pan fried noodles with beef mmmm. Going to have to pick this one up to go next time I'm in need of some comfort food ;) All in all it was a great dining experience. One of the pluses of dining with a group is having the opportunity to try a lot more dishes. My only complaint is that the restaurant is a little dark, but perhaps its for the ambiance?
2	Went here for lunch with 2 colleagues. Meh! The Mongolian Beef was way over cooked, about as brittle and bad as that Panda Express "Beijing Beef" crap. My friend's order of shrimp with snow peas was typical and nothing special, something I could have got for half price at a Chinatown dive.  My other friend ordered fried rice, which I didn't try because I prefer white rice. Didn't look like anything special, just filler for the mid-section. PFC does offer brown rice as well. My friend is Asian (Korean) which surprised me, because most Chinese don't eat fried rice at all, or if they do, they are just making something out of leftover rice and other dishes at home. I thought only non-Asians ordered fried rice in the restaurant? Well, I take it back, at Panda's I order half noodles, half fried rice, because it ir right there in front! Once again, if you like poorly represented Chinese food in a well decorated environment with a lot of other non-Chinese, and want to pay more for it, this is the place America loves! It still cracks me up when the waitress asks us if we need help "mixing" the sauces for us! As if they were exotic and strange somehow! Uh, the three "Exotic" sauces are: Chinese mustard, Red Chili paste, and Soy Sauce! The same stuff you get in disposable condiment packets at Panda Express. And she saw us using our chopsticks already! (Do they ask people if they need help with chopsticks, too?)I think they should only ask the mixing sauces question if A) the people aren't Asian and B) they are using forks and C) they seem clueless about things in little glass jars that they normally get in little plastic packets!
3	Three stars, but only because I can't give them two and a half.My boss loves this place, and since he was paying, I wasn't going to argue.  The decor is nice, and is a big change from the kitschy overdone look of lots of "Chinese" restaurants.  Let's break down the whole experience, in order.Valet parking is offered (free), but the lot isn't all that big, so I don't see the point.  I'm not so lazy that I can't walk the 50 yards from my car to the door.The hostess had a look on her face that seemed to say we were interrupting her day.  She was not even remotely cordial.  I didn't catch her name.  The table was clean.Our waitress was the highlight of the whole experience.  She was friendly, "got" my boss's weird sense of humor, and never approached the table with questions while we were chewing, though she did interrupt a conversation twice to joke with us.We ordered egg rolls to start.  When they came out, there was oil from the fryer literally pooled on the plate under them.  When we bit into them, they were still cold on the inside.  Ugh!  Cold, greasy eggrolls!  The waitress apologized, told the manager, and we were sent out another order.  These were still really greasy, but at least they were warmer inside, though still not really hot.  The manager didn't show up at the table, which in my opinion a manager should ALWAYS show up if there's a problem with the food.The boss ordered Mongolian Beef, and I got Sichuan Scallops.  He said his entree was what he expected, but nothing to rave about.  My scallops were very tender, and just the right level of spicy.  The servings of rice with the entrees were inadequate.The waitress was really on top of soda refills, and was very quick with the check.  She got a nice tip (25%) but we suggested they put their cooks through a retraining course.  Typical of what I expect from large chain "Chinese"restaurants.
2	Went here two times over the last few days, not many vegetarian options on the Strip.Both times my wife and I ordered some dishes spicy. Both times the dishes came out very bland.First night the waitress had no social skills. Right after we sat down she was impatient and she wanted us to choose our orders right after we sat down, who does that? Business wasn't booming.Second night the waitress was much better. Even though the food came out bland again, she at least asked how the food was and offered to get it fixed. She was also very attentive to our needs and was always refilling our water glasses.I have been to the PF Chang's in San Diego several times and have loved the food each time. Either there is a disconnect and a communication breakdown between the waitresses and the cooks, or the cooks are not preparing the food properly, or the waitresses aren't putting in the orders correctly.Anyways, I am rambling: the summation is: the food was not tasty.Chinese food is supposed to be bursting with flavor, even if it's not necessarily a great flavor...it's not supposed to be bland. It's not supposed to be expensive either...but I could deal with that if the food was good.This was probably the worst PF Changs I have been to in any regard.But I spare the criticism of our waitress the second time, Janelle. She was solid, attentive and competent. Also, she had social skills and I think she was cute as a button.
3	Part of the famous Restaurant Row in Las Vegas @PFChangs provides a pleasant dining experience.A nice outdoor patio, long bar and of course the dining room. Lots of TVs to catch the games and the service is TOPS!The food is good, they serve large entree portions small starter portions and the SOUP is ginormous!!We ordered some egg rolls and crab wontons for starters!!Fantastic!! Crispy and creamy wontons and the sauce was great too.Plum I think.They bring you al the sauces and pastes. We then ordered entrees-Sweet n Sour Chicken, Combo Fried Rice(Shrimp,Pork and Beef) plus the asian marinated new york strip steak with mushrooms and asparagus.The food was great, the steak maybe a little overcooked-I like it more on the RARE side. The rice,vegetables,chicken and everything was great.My only knock on this place....when the bill came for 32 adults 1 kid it was $70!!!! For chinese food I think thats alittle much for me.I'll definitely be ordering some of the fried rice to go in the future though!!
5	Sit out side on the patio if the weather is nice. The food is always excellent and the staff is friendly. Get the Changs chicken and Mongolian beef with asparagus.
5	Wow I'm amazed this place is getting such bad reviews. I have only had one bad experience here, but that was because it was busy and I was STARVING. But luckily, this time that was not the case.Came here for the happy hour menu at 5 PM. Got seated very quickly and perused the menu for a moment. Our waitress was very nice and was good at explaining what exactly was in the dishes so I could make sure what I was ordering was vegetarian (some vegetarian items on the menu do not have the symbol next to them, I think because of egg ingredients). I ended up ordering the vegetarian lettuce wraps for $5, veggie spring rolls for $3, and crispy green beans for $4, and also a red velvet cake sweet shot for $2. Everything came out very quickly and it was delicious. I had never had the green bean fries before and they were insanely good. Green beans fried lightly in a light, crunchy batter with a mayo-based sauce that totally kicks the shit out of your tastebuds, because at first it's nice and tasty and then BAM! SPICY! But these things are crazy addictive and the price was very nice. What is even nicer is that I am a Warrior card member, which gives me 10% off everything, including Happy Hour prices (only until June 31st, however). A great deal for a great meal of appetizers. Our drinks were filled consistently, and the server even boxed up my food for me at the table, and brought out extra fry sauce for me to take home. This was an exceptionally nice visit and I am always glad to come here, even though my fortune cookie (wisely) told me to be frugal. Guess Happy Hour fit that bill!
5	We stopped in for a late lunch yesterday and we had an excellent experience. Our server was charming and never let us want for anything. We started with our drinks and Lettuce Wraps and they were fresh and tasty. Our meals of Peppered Steak and Almond Cashew Chicken was gorgeously presented and the taste was quite yummy. The cute desserts were  yummy so all in all it was a great time.
4	This trendy restaurant is located in the section known as "Restaurant Row." This was the first location and now there are a handful of these restaurants all over the valley. I've been here many times. Sometimes the execs at my job get me lunch here- I get the Lunch Bowl- Moo Goo Gai Pan (stir fried chicken and vegetables- one of the better- for- you dishes to eat here), with the egg drop soup, and a bowl of rice- for under $10. Note: this is a 2 serving portion- learned this when I was looking at the nutritional information section posted on the website. I tend to read the fine print- I'm just saying. The lettuce wraps are their signature appetizer- excellent! I don't believe that I've ever had a bad meal here ever. I'm curious to try their Happy Hour sometime in the near future. If and when I do, I will post an update. This location is very pretty with very nice ambiance. I think that there is also outdoor seating. It used to be so crowded but I think the fact that there are more locations around the city, alleviates that, a bit. Service is excellent.
4	Our meal at this location was excellent. Steamed dumplings, lettuce wraps, veggies and spicy chicken. All excellent!
2	Vegetarian Lettuce Wraps was delicious! I was impressed with the gluten free menu offered.  I had the vegetarian Buddha's feast. I was expecting yummy sauce over the stir fried vegetables, instead it was just a plain plate full of steamed vegetables, broccoli, snow peas, asparagus and carrots. I had to put my own soy sauce and other sauce to make it tasty. It wasn't bad, but the menu was misleading which I didn't like. It should have been noted that the gluten free dish was going to be steamed vegetables.  Kind of disappointing...
4	As always, good food. Good service. Barmaid was excellent.
3	More like a 3.5. All the food was good  and we got a variety of seafood, chicken and veggie dishes and I was here with a party of six. They kept refilling my iced tea I swear I drank 5! Our server rushed us though, it seemed like he was uninterested even though we were the only party in that area of the restaurant for quite a while. Because 4 if us were having birthdays we each got to choose a free mini dessert, which was tasty.Overall it was OK.
2	Straight to the point: Great place and staff (my buddy said drinks are good too), but food sucks big time. I tried PF Chang twice and let just say the chinese food here is just chinese food in name only. Most of the items came out were way salty and just plain not good. I realized that alot of people like PF Chang food and I respect that, but if you like authentic chinese food, this is not the place.
4	Always great food and service, you just can't rule this place out ever. Great drink and warm/cozy ambience, I'm a fan!
4	Good happy hour 3 to 6 everyday. Cute staff and patrons. Lotsa girls. Worth checking out.
4	Better than most PF's I have eaten at in CA. Decent service and the food is good.
4	I almost forgot how delicious , This Chinese food really is!!! Kung pao chicken plate was huge!!!place was slammed , but service was good ~ worth it!!!
1	Ok, so I admit it, I LOVE Asian food...and I have to say, I've tried quite a few different places...so I honestly expected sooo much more from this place because people always say its "amazing" and the "best Chinese food ever"...Boy was I in for a surprise. So my Bf and I arrived a lil later on in the night, and the place looked nice...busy, and cozy, but when I saw the prices on the menu ( Which I was warned would be a lil outrageous) I was expecting that the food would be sprinkled in edible gold!! :)Luckily they had a menu perfect for a couple..a "prefix menu" with many different options for under $40. Ok, not too shabby...The waiter was good..my bf drinks like a beast, and his cup was always filled, and my mouth was anticipating our tasty meal...and then it showed up. Honestly, I don't see the hype. I have had BETTER Chinese takeout!!!!!!!! The Lo mein was not very flavorful, the mongolian beef was extra crispy it had turned chewy and stiff,and it was super salty!!! yuck!!! The only dish that attempted to save the meal was the honey shrimp..the shrimp was juicy and fresh! Dessert was our choice of cake shoved in a shot glass, and even that didn't turn my frown upside down "(Would I come here again??.... Probably not..unless I wasn't paying for it. And even with that, I would be willing to try new dishes, but I don't feel there is anything worth my $15.95 a dish.
5	Go to their happy hour!!!  3-6 daily!  Everything on the menu is tasty.  The drink specials are really good too.  We've gone to the Planet Hollywood and the Flamingo/Paradise location for the happy hour.  Love it both times!  If you like spicy...you have to try the Red Dragon Dumplings.  And lettuce chicken wraps are always a must!Without a doubt, I'll be back!
4	This place is soooo good! I will say its pretty expensive but yummy yum! If you go you MUST have the crispy green beans! This is my favorite thing on the menu! I cane at the entire plate by myself and i want more after. I crave them all the time! I also love the kung pao scallops! wow are thoseee good!I did have this very sweet chicken which i did not like at all.But everything else i've ever had was really good.
3	I do agree that this place is above the standards of most Chinese restaurants.  The taste is better and the quality is way above average.  The only problem with everything PF Chang's has to offer would be the price.  Yes, we pay for everything: the food, ambiance, and service. My friends were out there for a late night dinner. We happened to sit next to two groups of people celebrating birthdays.  The first table started to sing Happy Birthday.  10 minutes later, they left.  Five minutes after we finished eating, the other group started to sing Happy Birthday.  It was a trip. I wanted something simple, since I was at the restaurant Nobu earlier with friends at the Hard Rock Hotel.  Had the ginger chicken with broccoli for the entree with brown rice.  My other 2 friends had the exact same thing, which was the honey walnut shrimp with white rice.  One friend opted for 2 bowls of ice cream and a cup of expresso.  I didn't have anything else.  I have my reservations of this place, since this place is expensive.  Granted that this place is kind of better than stereotypical Chinese restaurants, it is pricey. You get what you pay for.
3	It's been a long while since I've visited the Chang.  Went here a few days ago with work colleagues for lunch and ordered the beef and broccoli lunch bowl.  This entree comes with either a hot and sour soup (my choice) or egg drop soup.  I found the soup to be 'meh' -- not great but not bad.  The beef was very salty and I found myself drinking a lot more water the rest of the day to combat the thirsty feeling I had all afternoon.  This place is exactly how I remembered it: a decent choice for a meal that is in the mid-price range.  You won't get standout food, but you probably won't die of any diseases either!  Our server was friendly and came around often to refill glasses/drinks.  None of my colleagues were 'wowed' by their lunches either, but most of the food was consumed, so I'm guessing no one was super picky either.
1	Expensive and overcooked... Place was empty and cooking time was quite long. With all the choices in Vegas this was the wrong one
4	Good food and good service.If you're planning to eat at this location on a Friday or Saturday I would recommend making reservations to avoid the long wait.
4	Chicken noodle soup brought me back to life after a loooong night of partying. Only downer is it is way far off the Strip & no easy cab access. You have to go across the street to Terrible's casino and they call a cab for you, which takes 10-15 mins to get there
4	Stopped in for Happy Hour with some friends..one of which was having a birthday.Our waiter was awesome. He was on it from the start. I had a few glasses of Moscato for $5 and the chicken lettuce wraps for $6.I also ordered some kind of tuna thingy on a crisp chip..I cant remember what it was called but it was really good. It had a seared ahi tuna on it. The table split it and everyone liked it.I didnt try anyone else food but they all were really happy with it and said it tasted great.They did bring out a free mini dessert for my friend in honor of her birthday. Which was really nice...Our server boxed up my leftovers all nice and we were on our way.I love PFChangs!
4	Excellent, upscale Chinese chow.  Your check total will include built-in price inflation that pays for the valet, mood lighting, and that big-ass horse statue out front. Regardless, that is what "fine-dining" is about, right? We are paying for an experience, not just a meal. That being said, service was attentive, friendly, prompt and accommodating on all fronts.  Woo hoooo!  Great first impression there. What we gulped and noshed ...COCKTAILS:Coconut Lemon Sour - One of their signature cocktails. Light and delicious!Chang's Mai Tai - Tall, balanced, tropical and gooooood.STARTERS:Lettuce Wraps - Their signature item ... Light and flavorful!Dynamite Shrimp -  Light and crispy coating in a delicate yet spicy sauce! YUMMMEgg Drop Soup - Flavorful and comfortiing!Hot & Sour Soup - Dark and rich!TIP: Ask for a side of the fried wonton sticks to add to your soup.ENTREES:Mongolian Beef - Excellent carmelization on the beef adds to deliciousity! Sweet & Sour Pork - Very Good, although I prefer a more intensely flavored sauce.Scallops - Spicy and tender with a slightly crisp char. Fabulous!Will definitely return to try more!
4	Cleanliness:  Dining area was good 5 stars. Can't comment on the bathrooms. Food:  Sweet n sour chicken for me, 4 stars, lacking just a but of flavor.  Double pan fried noodles for my wife, 2 stars, drenched in sauce (there was a $&!& load of it per my wife).  Hot and sour soup, amazing per my wife, 5 stars. Fried wantons good, 4 stars. Service:  Excellent. She was prompt, checked on us, but not overly so. She was personable, asked my wife if her meal was gross when she saw how much sauce was on it and would have taken it back if my wife asked her.  5 starsAmbiance:  Kind of noisy with a lot of people always up and walking around, whether employees or customers.  It's good if you're with a big group in for a party which there were a few, not so much if you're in for a nice quiet night with your girl.  3-5 stars depending on what your there for.
4	I like this location on Paradise since it fits for most people I work with and it's on the way to the airport, so my four stars is inclusive of convenience.  As far as the food goes it's consistent with any PF Chang's chain and while not authentic or unique I do like that they accommodate lunch portions within a section on their menu.  Aside from my usual favorite of the lettuce wraps during my last visit I tried the ribs which was a nice way to mix it up.  My usual entree is the lo mein noodles that never disappoint.
1	Terrible experience.  We ordered online (on their website) for a pick up order an hour and a half in advance.  Got confirmation and all.  When I arrived, no one had any record of the order, nor any way to figure out what happened.  After three staffers, finally they brought over a manager, whose solution was 'well, we can make your order now, shouldn't be more than 25-30 minutes' - uhhhh.  The solution is to ask me to wait another half hour at the service bar (standing)????  No way will I go back.
4	Always good food!
5	I was in Las Vegas last weekend and ate at P.F. Changs, on Paradise Rd., and here's my review.  First of all I really like this restaurant because of the ambiance and food.  I ate at the bar this time and got the best service I could have imagined.  Bret was the bartender and took GREAT care of me.  Always asked if I needed anything.  Made sure that the food was cooked to my liking and didn't make me wait.  Bret is very professional and courteous.  He should be working at an upscale restaurant.  He's that good.  Ask for him when you visit if you eat at the bar.
4	Good food and the ambience was very nice.Waitstaff a little slow.
3	If this is the one in the Planet Hollywood I really loved this - they have a gluten free menu that rocks and people that really treat you right.  Yea, it's a chain but the food is consistently good here and for those who don't want a lot of crap in their food, it's nice the PFCs actually thought through a gluten free menu option. Kudos PFCs.Try the lemon infused brussel sprouts and the pea pods sautee'd in garlic (not sauce).3 stars because it's a chain...
5	We go here everytime we're in Vegas with our kids...sometimes when they're not with us.  PF Changs does a great job with Gluten free and my daughter loves their food.  This is one of those places where she doesn't feel like she's missing out on anything.  GF Mongolian Beef, GF fried rice, and GF chocolate dome dessert and she is in absolute heaven.  And nobody else at the table can tell the difference, so it ends up being a great night/afternoon out.The food is great whether you need Gluten Free or not, but if you do need gluten free food, this is a must go place.  They pay very close attention to cross contamination and go out of their way to make sure your eating experience is safe...and delicious.
5	Happy hour M-F.  3-6.
5	Wonderful service. My husband and I wanted to go back to the same restaurant we had our first date while celebrating our anniversary in Vegas and we went to the PF Chang's on the strip  the wait was ridiculous, we pulled up the next closest one and it was just 3 mins away from where we were so we came here. The service was wonderful and our waiter was awesome. There was no wait, same great food and more romantic verse all the commotion at the other location. We enjoyed our last night in Vegas with a really relaxed dinner. I'd come back here again next time I'm in Vegas again instead of the crowded one on the strip. My husband loved it so did I.
3	Nothing remarkable.  The food is good, as with any PF Changs, but the value is questionable.  Service is slow probably because of volume and location.  This is not a destination for locals, but if you are visiting from Ohio and staying near by you may enjoy this restaurant.  If you have a rental car there are other, better options nearby.
4	I don't usually come here but it was good. Service was quick and we got seated immediately. The waiter was mike and he was great, he gave us a lot of time to choose what we wanted and didn't make us feel like we were in a rush and I appreciate that.I got the broccoli and beef, this dish had quality in it. The beef tasted like beef and not just some rubbery mixed in substituted meat, it was authentic food. The broccoli wasn't soft or soggy and had the perfect crisp to it. Not too salty at all with the right amount of sweetness. I like how they made the brown rice, it wasn't sticky at all and it was just good. Definitely will try their Mozheto (Mojito) next time.. I think i'm starting to love that drink.The lighting was perfect, not to bright or dark. The food was worth it's weight in gold. Way better than your typical fast food chain. There was a lot I wanted to try so i'll definitely be back for more, whether it be in Las Vegas, L.A. or San Diego. It was great eating here.
4	Killer as always
5	Great place. Food and service was great. Hand a very nice time with mt dear friend and sisters.
4	This is my first review of this P.F. Chang's.  I'm happy to report that they tend to be consistent.  Heading out to California, we just made the dining room with less than half an hour to spare before closing time, and were the last diners sitting.  So, we closed the place, which I learned can have some nice advantages--like all the cups of Hot & Sour Soup you want, and larger food portions than normal.  It's a choice inside the kitchen between discarding extra food or giving it to remaining diners.So, Diane and I very much enjoyed sipping fragrant Ginger Peach Tea in dainty white teacups as we worked our way through our Four-Course Prix-Fixe meals.  The Hot & Sour Soup with strips of pork was hot and great.  I was willing to pay extra for more, but didn't have to.  Salt & Pepper Calamari Strips resting on a bed of hard white Rice Noodles were good but a bit hard themselves.  The spicy Bean Sauce that accompanied this appetizer was tasty, and, surprisingly, so were the Rice Noodles.Then, while Diane savored her Crispy Honey Shrimp, which was sweet and succulent (when I report on the taste of a dish, I have always sampled it myself, rather than just adopting a fellow diner's words--even a wife's), I delighted in the really meaty and chewy Pepper Steak that was served with more fluffy Steamed White Rice than we could handle.  But the viscous, flavorful sauce got really spicy at the end of the meal.  It's a wonder we got to our home in southern California without a rest stop!We finished with two mini-desserts.  My Triple Chocolate Mousse Mini Dessert  featured three different types of delicious chocolate mousse poured and set in distinct vertical layers, and was simply great.  It was fun to dig to a new level, and soon afterward be greeted by a fresh chocolatey taste sensation.  Our spacious booth was comfortable, and our server, Michael, was very accommodating and proactive through the entire duration of our late dinner.  Filled water glass replacements showed up ahead of need.  Even the music had a nice beat to it.  And the tab for food for two was under $40--a great deal!  So, we walked out happy. 4-1/2 stars overall!
1	After waiting 5 minutes for a hostess to appear, we we escorted to the spot where it all went down. I reminisced over meals years ago when plates of hot and tasty food were served in sister restaurants around the states... then:Calamari: was lukewarm and tasted like fish sticks. Enough said. Rice: was dry and al dente... at an asian restaurant.Orange peel shrimp: was the best dish, owing to its sugary sauce and only being slightly overcooked. The the orange rind tasted the opposite of fresh... I literally imagined oranges in a pile of two-day old trash being scooped up by the cook. It wasn't nearly as good as the same dish a couple years ago at another Changs.Mongolian beef: tasted like shards of a tire. The green onions were offensive, inedible and awkward.Ginger ale: watered down.Desserts: in my haste to depart, I ordered the one dish I could remember: mini-desserts, aka, sweet baby food for adults. One or two layers of this crap actually tasted edible, if only in small concurrent quantities.This spot reflects on Americans' taste in food the way the WCW... u get the idea. Quality of all chain restaurants seems to experience the same sad decline that has befallen applebees, the olive garden, et al.--which threw quality under the bus for profit margins. The next time I crave a cheap and decent chain-y meal, I'll drive my bourgeoisie romp to the Cheesecake Factory or Ri Ra.
1	Attention anyone with Celiac Disease!!! Caught them red handed swapping plates on a gluten free order. Very disappointed in how manager Vanessa handled the situation. Be cautious when eating at this PF Changs!!!!  Even though she comp'd the meal, no amount of money is worth getting sick when you are served food that may have been cross contaminated.
4	As always a great place to dine in for asian fusion cusine.  But I enjoy getting takeout from here.  Call ahead and its just as good as if you are eating in.  the take out containers keept things warm and the rice let out a cloud of steam when i got home.  That shows the steamy freshness with which it was packaged up!  highly recommended if u've got the craving!
1	I'm very disappointed about our visit.  The food was VERY VERY slow. I told a woman in the black trousers that we were in a big hurry and also ordered 1 hour in advance. Regardless, the kitchen was slow and the manager was lackadaisical and didn't seem to care about the fact we were in a large hurry.  I'm EXTREMELY UNHAPPY and we will never come back to this location. Also...worse yet, the food was incorrect!!!!  For example, cucumber dish....not spicy at all. Totally different than other restaurants ...waste of money.  Bottom line. Very poor experience. Poor service from the management and incorrect food.One highlight. The guy who gave us our food was working very hard!
4	My favorite PF Changs. Always really good food and friendly service. Love the lettuce wraps and Hot and Sour Soup.
3	I'm a fan of Chicken Lettuce Wraps.. Their delicious and anyone who thinks any different is a charlatan, yeah .. I said it..! That being said, they have some of the best in the city, not too greasy like other spots and not too salty.. They also manage to hide water chestnuts in there which I hate but they found a way to make them tasty... Technically I could give them 5 stars. For what I typically like to eat from "chinese" restaurants they fill me up and have some tasty dishes but the 3 star ratings comes from their inability to substitute fried rice! Yeah.. Big annoyance for me, it literally makes me angry to think about my inability to eat fried rice with my dinner without having to order a $ 10 meal size portion of fried rice. I'm unsure if this is location specific b/c I have had fried rice subbed at the Summerlin location but I guess on the strip they live by strip rules.. I had to deal with it.. but I wasnt happy ! and clearly from this post... I'm still not happy about it..!
4	The calamari here is my favorite!  I love PF Chang's but just has a so-so experience here.  We came early for dinner, were seated right away.  Got the calamari, always awesome.  And ordered the salt and pepper prawns and mahi mah.  My friend's prawns came, I assumed mine was coming soon.  10 minutes later I asked about my meal and the waiter had forgot.  He apologized and rushed to get the order in.  My friend shared his meal.  And we shared mine as well, after it came.  The food was great.  This has been the only time I've had bad service at PF Chang's, but it was the first time at this restaurant.
2	Any trip to PF Chang's should be under protest. The hot and sour soup was just a bowl of saltwater, the seared tuna salad was as unimpressive as it was unoriginal. I was kind of hoping that I'd finally have an experience there that didn't suck; nope.
5	Fantastic dinner for the family.  Great Gluten Free section of menu, and they knew how to handle the food correctly to prevent cross contamination. Just do it!
4	From the apps to the desserts, I have not had a bad meal. Yes, you can find one in most major areas, but its good food. Why not hit the places you know are dishing out consistent meals?
4	I haven't eaten at PF Changs in a year or so. I tend to not do too many chains. I've had really good meals there and a few mediocre. This one was good. My 4 stars are for my experience that evening and happy hour.We went for their happy hour and definitely ordered way too much food! We were starving. We started with a cup of soup each, not on the happy hour menu but It was only 3.95 for a cup. I had the won ton and he had the hot and sour. We really enjoyed them. I like the fact that the soup came out piping hot. I hate, I mean I really hate when I get a lukewarm soup!! Off the happy hour menu we ordered Lettuce wraps of course, always refreshing. My husband really liked their steamed dumplings, we ordered pork and shrimp. Shrimp was my favorite. I really loved the dynamite shrimp, I think it was my favorite!  They were too spicy for my Andrew, I found them perfectly delicious! We also got egg rolls which were good, not great. The spare ribs I really liked and my 6 year old thought they were yummy (we ended bringing her food home, like I said way too much food) but my husband doesn't like star anise much and you can really taste it in the ribs. FYI, we had the wet ones not the five spice rubbed. Lastly, we got crab won tons. I like the filling, slightly sweet, cream cheesy and a hint of crab. The dipping sauce that came with them is pretty good, too.To drink I got the Chinese 88 Martini but opted Bombay Sapphire instead of Plymouth. They let you do that free of charge. I really liked it. I asked my bartender not to make it too sweet. She was great and attentive and so was the bar back. So we were happy with service.  My husband had the Asian Pear Mojito and he really liked it as well.  He then had a Grey Goose on the rocks, not on happy hour but for roughly 11.00 it was a really hefty pour and we appreciate that!All and all we enjoyed our meal. Such a great happy hour!
3	As usual, the food was exceptional.  I go absolutely ga-ga over the Mongolian Beef.  I could live on it.  The bowl of WonTon soup to be shared was also 5-Star.  This particular restaurant has the food part down pat.Service?  Not so much.Our wait staff were all very nice and seemed to be on the ball on the surface.  Underneath?  Well, to start our three glasses of wine ordered before even placing dinner orders came AFTER dinner was served.  The excuse was "blame it on the bar".  Easy to do when the bar is not close and you can't pin the blame on one particular person.Second, it wasn't even busy.  We arrived at 5pm on a Sunday night with reservations for a 6 people.  With nobody else in the lobby and very few people in the dining room, it still took 20 minutes to get a seat.  Totally unacceptable.It's more of a hassle, but if you want good PF Changs and SERVICE, go to the one nearby at Planet Hollywood.  You have to tip for valet service since they don't have nearby parking, but it's worth it to dine in a place that is better managed.
3	We arrived at 5:00 and told the seater we had a party of 6 people. The guy disappeared after telling us he'd get a table set up for us (the restarurant was empty).We never saw that guy again... Aftter watching 4 other parties be seated by another hostess, my hubby intervened as the hostess was seating yet another party and then we finally got our table. Rob the server in training was awesome-He totally saved the experience. The food was good-PF Chang quality-all in all a very good experience. Not the best, but not the worst.
4	Really liked the atmosphere, energy and great service.First time I've ever been to P.F. Chang's! And gotta say the experience was great. Our server was exceptional. They started off by giving us a refreshing dragon oolong tea. Not the biggest fan of oolong but it was a unique blend of sweetness and a mild leafy taste. Try it, it surely impressed me. The atmosphere feels classy with the dim lighting, rounded seating and marble-like flooring. The food was satisfying but not without its flaws. Many of the dishes were salty, especially the soup. After a few spoonfuls I couldn't even finish it. The kung pao chicken was so salty it's hard to eat after a few pieces. The honey shrimp was obviously not salty and sweet rather, as it should be :) Thankfully the shrimp made up for the meal but I had to mentally make a note for less salt next time. Other than that, this place is definitely worth a visit!
1	My Wife and I enjoy PF Chang's and Pei Wei and we went into this restaurant and had a late lunch, not busy.  The hostess was on the phone at the front door  and when she finished her call, wiped her nose with her hand and proceed to take us to a table and placed the menu's down.  Mind you this was in the middle of the flu season and she did not use a tissue or wash her hands.  She then proceeded to pick up the extra place settings and stack them on a shelf close to our table.  Within a few minutes a waiter came by and I asked to see the manager, which he obliged.  I told the manger what happen and it appeared he could care less as he did not take the plates off the shelf and into the kitchen.  Shortly thereafter another waited came by and picked up the plates and took them to another table.  I wonder how many germs were on the plates?   Who got the flu from this untrained hostess?   Very poor management at a great chain.  I will think twice before I go back to this location.  Great food, but untrained in personal hygiene.  Watch out!!!
4	I always have a good meal here.  Lunch today with a coworker was perfect.  We enjoy the Lunch Specials on the back of the menu- today I went with Spicy Chang, white rice, and egg drop soup for me.  The egg drop soup was very good today!  All the items are cooked to order, delivered hot, and full of flavor.  This location is a skip around the corner from UNLV where we work.  It's a nice little lunch spot and is never too crowded.  The service is always good, our drinks get refilled more than enough, and we are in and out in less than an hour.   I don't really care that it's a chain restaurant.  If they consistently deliver good food and good service, it's a great place for me!
1	Waited in line to see how long a wait would be for three people. A gentlemen waiting in the opposite line psychically grabbed me and pulled me back and said that he was in front of me. I told him that there was clearly two lines and that my party was larger than his party of two so either way I'd still be waiting much much longer than him. The hostess told me to head to the end of the line and wait once again even though I had all ready waited in the double line for 10-15 minutes.Absolutely terrible customer services and something I wouldn't expect from PF Changs...a place I often visit at my home town which I won't visit anymore.I'll never be back!
5	Came in early for the happy hour, nothing special except the sweet, well spoken waitress.  Even when the food is average, the waitstaff can make a difference.If you sit at the bar, request Shannon.  She knows the menu very well and will take good care of you.  I tried the Ahi appitizer and it was delicious.
3	Cocktails are excellent. Don't understand the Dynamite Shrimp - 1970s shrimp cocktail sauce over deep fried shrimp in a lettuce cup - no hint of dynamite nor of seafood flavour. That said, excellent were: Sichuan Wontons, Crab Salad. Good were Dan Dan  Noodles.  Decor is Chinese kitsch meets cocktail bar. Service was very good.
2	I'm normally a fan of PF Changs but this experience was not good at all!  I wanted to take my mother since she had never been.  I always bring home food for her to try.  This was not what I hoped her first PF Changs experience would be! The beef with broccoli was over cooked, and when we asked about it we were told that's how it's ALWAYS made.  The Mongolian Beef was overlooked as well.  I had a cup of wonton soup...lets face it you can't really mess that up!Overall the service was less than stellar,the waitress was a bit rude. When the manager came over to speak with us we were asked had we ever been to PF Changs? I asked why he wanted to know he said because we were asking about the food and explained to me how PF Changs is not a "typical" Chinese restaurant.  I explained to him I was a regular at my local location and have NEVER had beef cooked to the point it was basically beef jersey, nor had I ever been treated like that in a restaurant.  I will continue to frequent the PF Changs in the PH hotel/casino, but will NOT go back to this location!
5	One of our favorite Chinese restaurants.  Love those lettuce wraps.  We were surprised this location was easier to get into that the Summerlin one.
1	Service is terrible! Came in tonight, was seated right away. Took waitress 15 min to get our drinks; watched her flirt with bartender the whole time. Ordered an appetizer that took almost 20 min to come. So disappointed! Usually the food is amazing but we received over cooked chow mein noodles , soggy honey crispy chicken, and continued POOR SERVICE! I will never come to this location again! Try the Planet Hollywood location!!
1	Rice tasted like plastic. Service sucked. It was my first and last time going there. If I didn't have a $20 gift card I don't think I would went in the first place. Not a good experience at all. :(
5	Usual P.F.Chang experience. Good food- great vibe and today we had an awesome waiter Ryan. When I'm back in Vegas I'll stop through for good dependable food and great service.
3	Took my mom to dinner to this location. I ordered the beef salad with noodles and when i received my order my salad had no noodles even though it was part of the on-tray name.  Our waitress was great with us but i have to admit I've been to other locations in Vegas and this one does not impress me like the one in summerlin. don't really think I,m going back.
5	We got there around 9 pm the place was packed so we went to the bar to have a drink waiting for our 30 minute wait time. Immediately after seat in our bar stool the bartender was there to ask for our drinks and if we wanted a menu. The best choice we have made since we have been in Vegas this week , the service was attentive and quick with a strong desire to make us happy with anything we needed. Wow I will start thinking of eat at bars now
5	I've dined at numerous p f changs and this was the best experience I've had.  I can not say enough about how AMAZING our server was!  Her name was Robin and she was super attentive, knowledgeable, and overall she is the reason our experience was superb..  She made great recommendations and really knew the menu.  She smiled and was super friendly, I will be dining at this restaurant every time I'm in Vegas!
5	Jovani was a great fast server! Great personality, the food came fast! Tasted great! I recommend. Good size servings to. I had the pho inspired dish with shrimp and steak , delish! Mongolian beef , Yum! Yum yum yum!
4	Will definitely come again. I mentioned my meal was too salty, which hasn't happened before, and my fantastic server, Tabatha, notified the manager Rob (without me even requesting), and he comped the dish (also without me asking). We've all accidentally over-salted dinner, so that isn't an issue for me. Their outstanding customer service has my gratitude.
5	Have to give them all stars on this.   Food was perfect except one item.   Tabitha our waitress took it on her own to express to the manager Robert of our small displeasure with the one dish. ..and Robert very politely apologized for the issue and without any prompting took care of that particular charge and we both left with the feeling (being business owners ourselves) of confidence and desire to return.   Very professional.
4	Great appetizer menu....so tasty looking that we chose a wide variety and called it dinner.  Both rib selections and the egg drop soup were especially good along with spring rolls and crab wonton that were good too.On prior visits I've enjoyed and can recommend the Mongolian beef and the various preparations of steamed sea bass.
4	This was my first time at this location; I usually go to the one in Summerlin. I brought a friend who had never tried PF Changs before, and she really liked it.Their lettuce wraps are amazing, a definite must! The Broccoli & Beef and Sesame Chicken were fantastic as well. The staff was very friendly and helpful, explained and suggested a few things on the menu. I would definitely recommend this location for a good quality meal.
4	First time at this location. Service was exceptional. Our waiter went out if his way to make the experience worth the trip. Food, yummy as always. However, must note that since learning of my gluten allergy, PF Changs has become a comforting and Appetizing place to go. They provide an entire gluten free menu and cook in a separate kitchen. They take food allergies serious.  For those with this concern, put PF  Changs on your must eat at list.
5	I've had pan-Asian before and not liked it. I've been toPF's before and had the wrap that everyone raves about - not my taste at all. So, a couple of friends and I went the other night. I decided that if I couldn't find a healthy (IMHO) vegan offering, I'd have water only. To me, healthy is NO sodium and NO fat added. Basically impossible to order that from any menu at any restaurant. PF had nutritional info listed on-line. One, and only one, dish fit my bill. But, it's one more than most restaurants. Buddha's Delight. Brown rice and steamed vegeys. Nothing else added. Exactly what I needed and was looking for. Healthiest (for me) meal yet. My buds enjoyed their meals and I enjoyed mine. Staff was courteous and friendly and efficient. If it pleases my friends as well as my taste buds AND it has a vegan AND healthy offering, how can I give it anything but 5 stars?
3	PF Chang's is very consistent, wherever you may find one. This Vegas outlet is good. We had hot and sour soup (maybe a shade bland), spare ribs (a little too much sauce), honey walnut shrimp, broccoli beef and crispy orange peel chicken. Our waiter brought the wrong dishes at first and ended up boxing them up and giving 'em to us free of charge, so we had leftovers.
1	Walked in before noon time today by myself, the place was empty.  The hostess asked if I would like to sit at the bar or full service, I said full.  She put me right behind of the order machine (which I wasn't aware of at that time) where every waiter or waitress took their orders would go behind me to enter those orders.  Worst place to sit in the house!My server was okay, he wasn't very helpful when I asked a few questions.  First I asked about what type of hot tea is good for sore throat (from cold), no specific answer was given, fine!  So I ordered a tropical green tea, not bad.Then I started with a cup of wonton soup, but I tried to change my order for a bowl instead of cup after 10 seconds of my order, he said too late, the order has been entered (the machine just right behind of me, ding2x).  I felt like it was quite rude to say that..., sure there's a way to revise.  My vibe was going down south from that point.After glancing at the menu, I decided shrimp candied walnut based on one of the yelp review.  Then he asked if I want a lunch portion that came with soup or salad, or dinner (he only gave me a dinner menu).  Well..., if I knew it did come with soup, I may not order the wonton soup in the first place, since I'm not a salad person.  I ended up with a dinner portion.  I wasn't impressed with the meal, it was a cold creamy dish.  The white rice was dried, tasted like overnight rice.  Had a few bites, decided to take it home.  Since the place was getting busy, all the entire of orders just came straight behind me!!  Very annoying!!!  The manager came by and asked if everything was okay, I didn't want to make a scene out of it, so I was politely said okay.  All of these happened, I still gave 18-20% tip, but I won't be back again..., thanks to the hostess, service & disappointed food.
3	Gift certificates often take me places I don't normally go. This is the case for my most recent visit to PF Chang's. I have been on a number of occasions when I worked near one years ago and they had pretty reasonably priced lunches. I remember that I always enjoyed the garlic noodles so I knew this was a must on our most recent visit. We also got some spicy chicken, eggplant, garlic spinach and fried rice. The food was ok and my memory hadn't failed me. The garlic noodles were again my favorite dish. The chicken and eggplant were entirely too sweet for my taste. The fried rice was ok and so was the spinach, but I was hoping for more garlic flavor. I wish I only ordered the garlic noodles and if I ever come again (which isn't likely) I would stick with them again. Service was ok. Our server was attentive at first but when a large party came in refills became a little more infrequent. He apologized and tried to be as attentive as possible, which we appreciated. Overall, it's a chain, so they are all pretty standard and this one doesn't stand out in any way either negatively or positively.
4	Excellent service! Been to this Vegas spot a few times now since it's right by the convention center and we always have great food and a great time.They must be used to catering to conference folk because they always have suggestions for drinks and or meals as needed. They take extra caution when we ask for Glutten-free food. Their manager brings it out to you.BTW, their Glutten-free menu is outstanding! You would never know the difference!
2	The food was great BUT I took my mom there for her belated birthday on 4/11/14. My brother passed away during her birthday in March so this was a special occasion for us. I let the hostess know it was her birthday so she can get a special dessert with a candle. She mentioned she would let my server know. No special dessert ever came. I saw the server had brought a birthday dessert for the table across the way. I asked him if he was notified of the occasion and he said no and he didn't bring it out anyway. I was unhappy with the service.
4	With a significant conference in town, it should be no surprise that there would be a wait. In addition, I don't think (but am not sure) that reservations are possible for two people during the "red hour". So, the method of stalking the bar for chairs is the best bet - and it works. Besides that, the bar help is very attentive and eager to get you in and out. So, that worked for us.The PF Chang's food is great. Interesting options prepared well at the right price. Szechuan-style asparagus is a hidden gem - bu there are others!
2	Horrible from start to finish. I haven't been back to this location in over a year and things have surely gone downhill. Me and my husband had lunch yesterday. We walked in at about 3:30. The section we were sitting in had a total of 4 tables being used the rest of the restaurant was pretty empty. We sat down the waiter took our drink order and left. From the beginning our waiter was ver standoffish. Anyways he took our Order we got the meal for 2 for 40 dollars. The chicken was dry the quality of the food has definitely gone down. It took him forever to get me a new beer and for him to refill my husbands drink. I ordered siracha and got it at the end of my meal! The rice was mediocre  at best. At the end of the meal we ordered another order of drinks and never got it. So we payed our tab and left. I was so disappointed :( never coming back to this location.  60 dollars gone and a bad taste in my mouth.  The only reason I gave two stars was because the dessert which we got to go because the lack of service was making me really upset was pretty good.
5	I've been to many asian restaurants in town and have to say that PF Changs is as good as most or better.   The main reason for this is that if you go to a Dim Sum restaurant and don't speak the language, you may not know what it is that you are eating, and that can be pretty scary.  That said, I have had some great experiences at the Spring Mountain Road restaurants.Food is perfection.  Buddha's Feast (veggies) stir fried spicy is as good as it gets!  Kung pow's are all great.  The rice is sticky and tasty.  Nice ambiance and decor.  Waiter/waitress very nice and helpful.  If your in a rush, it's quick.  Close to Las VEgas Blvd. so very convenient.Suggestion: Add parking lot security, as the restaurant is located across from the Silver 7 casino where a whole host of degenerate meth-head alcoholics gamble.  They then seem to think of the Changs parking lot as hand out city.
5	Seared Ahi Tuna on a bed of tossed spinach was fantastic and the service was tops.
2	We had a lunch reservation and were seated  immediately. However, no server came by for about 10 minutes. We had to flag someone down to go find our waitress. We were under time constraints to return to the office. The pork dumplings were greasy and tough. Not a hint of ginger in the sauce. Dan  Dan noodles were okay. I've had better at my local Chinese takeout.  A good concept has declined sadly.
3	Decent food. Service was good when I arrived around 8:15 but around 9, bar began to fill up and it was impossible to get someone to slow down. When someone did stop by to pick up my card, I had to chase him down the bar to ask for some tea. He brought me a to go box. I said no I would like to go cup of tea. He brought me a mug of hot water. Asked a third time, I finally got him to slow down and listen. But attitude was unnecessary...felt like I was inconveniencing him asking for something else. No one pre bussed my plates. I had to move them around Tetris-style to sign my credit card slip. May want to rethink late night schedule as it was definitely apparent that they need more bartenders during late night to prevent the rushing and impatience with people tipping you. But food quality was good and service I received for first half of my visit was very nice, helpful and courteous.
3	The service is okay. The food, is great and sometimes not so great. I guess it depends who's the cook in the back. Best thing you should get is their chicken wrap, Mongolian beef, and calamari. Other than that, the shrimp w/ lobster sauce was such a disappointment. I thought it was going to be different and something really good. But let me tell you, it's just boiled shrimp with egg flour soup. Literally...
2	This chain use to be at the forefront of asian fusion cuisine, now I'd rather go to a family run Chinese resturant.
2	As many others have mentioned, the food NEVER disappoints.However, this location is horribly mismanaged.  The staff, some friendly, some not at all, differ from every other PF Chang's I've ever been to.  Hostesses are absolutely horrible.  Wait staff are friendly, but disorganized and slow.There's no sense of urgency.Our waiter, who was absolutely gregarious, but slower than molasses in January, couldn't run my credit card.  "The manager has to do it"... WTF??? Replace the manager with someone who gives a shit, and the place would kick ass like every other PF Chang's on the planet.
1	It's been years since I've been to a PF Chang's and it's safe to say I won't be returning. The food was very salty and the only redeeming factor was the manager granted us gift cards to make up for some poor tasting food they like to call 'cuisine.' If only we could have applied the gift cards to our tab since we don't plan on ever returning...
4	Great happy hour, i live ther mascow mule. Awsome service at the bar.,,,, try the ribs, spicy asparagus, our bartender francesca is the best ask for her
5	Wonderful food and service. PFC at its top form.
5	Great options food was soooooo good. Recommend the chicken fried rice and curry noodles.  The lemon chicken wasn't fantastic.
5	Tim our server was awesome. I had the salt and pepper prawns and they were perfect! I always like PF Changs when I am in the mood for Asian style cooking with great atmosphere.
2	A good place for lunch if you want a small bite like really, really, really small bite. Their lunch portion is very , very small for it's price . Service is very slow and it was a slow lunch day.
5	My server Alicia was so sweet and attentive. I ate alone so I had time to take in the restaurant and vibe-  she re-filled my iced tea like 10 times. Love her! Thanks Alicia! I'll come again just for you. So so so personable.
5	This was my first at PF Chang's. Excellent service by Scott.I ordered chow mein, glazed shrimp, mongolian beef, kungpao chicken, and chicken with lettuce wrap. Everything was great. I was here on my birthday and got an awesome treat. Chocolate peanut butter cake was extremely delicious.Lastly, they have a good variety of drinks as well.Solid 5 stars *****
5	Excellent service and excellent food...as always! Thanks PF Chang's! Love the Lettuce Wraps and Crab Wontons!
2	Food good service substandard at best. If u have lots of time to waste it will ok i guess
2	Service was horrible.When we arrived, there were MAYBE 10 tables occupied.  3 bartenders, and 10 servers.Took 10 minutes after my first drink was empty to get another one and I had to flag the bartender down.Food was good(that's expected), but took 25 minutes to get an order of orange peel beef and honey walnut shrimp.I thought San Diego had a lock on snooty, self-absorbed waitstaff, but P.F. Chang's Las Vegas has them beat by far.Will never be back.
5	Nice facility, great service by Courtney (A guy). The chicken lettuce wraps are a easy choice and a great mix of fresh food and meat. Margarita is strong and I'm already tipsy( from drinking this afternoon). Oh the dynamite shrimp are frickin' awesome.
4	Good food, a little slow on the entrees BUT our server Sean was sooo good and funny so it was a great experience overall. Beef and broccolini was fantastic. Again, props to Sean.
2	Service in the afternoon was horrible.  The table we sat in was not ideal.  The blinds did not block the sun and we were eating with the sun in our eyes.  There were no other tables available for a party of 8.  The food was alright.  We had to request for drink refills several times and the server was not responsive.
1	If I could give my experience here as a to-go order a 0 star, I would.READ: For all CES attendees 2015, please do not frequent this establishment. Go to Cioppino's (sp?) just down the block - half price, three times the food (and they actually will fulfill your order).The context:I called PF Chang's to-go # after a long day of travelling. I waited forty minutes, which wasn't a big deal, and arrived on time. This is on Sunday, January 4th at 8:40pm.At 9:10 (yes, thirty minutes after I was supposed to be out the door with my food) the bartender told me she "just entered it into the system."Honestly, this is what happens when a chain centralizes ordering.I have never had such a cold staff respond to my very even-tempered feedback that it is unacceptable to be thirty minutes late - and not to fulfill an order! I mean, I was just SITTING there for thirty minutes and no one followed up??Shame on you. I'd fire your manager and the entire chain of ticket-holding for this transaction. I'm glad I left, and got twice the food at half the cost down the street.
3	It's a chain, and its offerings are rarely changed. That said, the service was stellar, and my friend's low-salt needs were very nicely accommodated. Something for everyone; just a tad more expensive than non-chain Chinese restaurants (and yeah, they have sushi).
