4	overall I am not a huge fan of big 5... you may be thinking, hey guy you rated this place 4 stars....    allow me to explain... i am a tennis player... this place always has THE best deals on Tennis balls....  its crazy...  if you are looking for a great deal on tennis balls, head on over to BIG 5....
5	Excellent service and knowledgable staff.
4	Top notch staff. They really know their merchandise. High praise for the kid in the Shoe department who I sent back to the storeroom a half dozen times to get me a different pair of sneakers.Now I know its here and has a wide arrangement of sporting goods I will be back for other items.
4	They pack a lot of stuff in this little store. I've always like Big 5. I've been in quite a few of them around town and they all are pretty much the same.1) They've been around for years which is good. 2) They have a decent selection that covers just about any sport. 3) They aren't as big as a Sports Authority, which to me, is good (easy to find stuff)4) Prices are competitive.Watch for their flyer in the paper for the specials and happy sporting!
4	If ever I am looking for a cheap pair of shoes for normal everyday wear, I will come here to shop. They always have good deals on older versions of running shoes and if you browse their weekly flyer, you might find something you are interested in.  Although, small compared to the other sporting goods stores in town, they have a very friendly staff that are knowledgeable about their products.
3	Big 5 is a smaller sporting goods store (maybe 1/4 the size of Dick's) but is good if you know what you want and need to run in quickly to get it.  The staff is friendly, although I haven't gotten a lot of help on the floor, mainly at the register.The one complaint I have was when I was purchasing weights and was waiting in line for the next register, after the one register opened that the manager was working at, he came over to the other terminal and didn't indicate if he was open or what.  It's not like I was about to drop the weight, but it was something heavy to carry when you're not in "workout mode".  I do prefer Dick's but everything I've bought here has worked so I have no complaints.
1	I went to the store for a return with a item and a receipt, walked in cashier says hi blond girl, I walked to mid of the store didn't see anything I want got my self a workout belt notice the manager eyeballing me pretending he's fixing bunch or shirts I got the belt walked back to the cashier she calls the manager he prolly need swipe a card for that no biggie then he asks me if I walked with this item I asked him what you mean he says did you bring the item in I said yes I did the he says out loud you supposed to bring that to me I got go check the cameras and he left well I'm embarrassed he's accusing me to stealing, then he come back smiling and I ask why do you have to check the camera when I have the item and the receipt dot you have a stock number with this item he says Yes and I go so why and he says people bring the receipt and go grab the item and try to exchange, then I go once again I have the item with tags on and receipt. Finally I decide to be quiet before I got really mad, now I feel embarrassed and profiled he could simply not inform me he's going to check on cameras by making a excuse and save him the racial part he just did. I will never come back to that store.
5	5 reasons why I love BIG5!1. I got all my trekking gear from Nepal in one visit2. I saved tons of money on black Friday... I can't believe how reasonable the prices are3. Friendly staff4. I saved an extra 10% off my entire bill by giving them my email when checking out.5. Parking is never a problem with a big open lotIf you're looking for a sporting goods store, hit up Big5 first!Thank you BIG5!!! I'm a fan!- Miss Yelp 2013
5	They have a lot of stuff in this store, AC is always on, no long lines most of the times, staff is friendly.Picked up some boots, asked the staff if they have it in my size, they went to the back and came out 5 min later with my size. In and out in under 20 min.
3	Never really been big fan of Big 5 Sporting Goods.I came here because looking for one particular item camelback for my long run training days. My coworker telling me about sale they had going on. One that had the exact thing was looking to purchase.  It similar to camelback just minus all the pockets and not sure the term but only hold two liters of water. The salesperson was extremely helpful lead me right to the item was looking for in the store. He right off the back greeted me with warm welcome and asked if looking for anything in particular or any questions had for him. The customer service at this location is outstanding.Few reasons why never been fan. I think of Big 5 as the cheaper end for sporting goods. Yes you can find better deals then at more name brand stories. Not that I buy high end sports gear or what not. The brand names they carry some of them never heard of before and then think about the reasonable price just scars me. Cheap is great. If the quality is as cheap as the price then not worth it. Not fan of cluster or so much items that hard to find anything. You have two different sports items in the same section literally. Since its so packed tight the walkway space between aisles only fit one. So if your looking at stuff feel guilty that blocking lane for other customers. No flow to the store at all. They do offer special deals all the time. You never know when might find the next great deal. One that will make me come back again.
