1	Let me first mention, I do not have a problem with the organization Petco. I have been to several of the other Petco stores located in the Phoenix Area and they have been just fine. However Laveen Store is another story...Here is my experience:I placed a phone call to Petco to get my dog groomed. I was told there was availability today (Sunday). As the employee continued to ask me questions and I was placed on hold several times (several minutes each). Once I answered the last question the employee then states that he can fit me in on Wednesday. Of course this comes as a surprise since I asked if there was availability today and he had said yes. Therefore why would I wait until Wednesday? So the next thing out of my mouth is I really like to get him in today and you said you had availability. He asks me to hold on again and comes back with no explanation. I said this is ridiculous you either have availability or you don't. I call back and speak to the customer service person. I tell her the She offers to get my puppy in today and I said no I don't think so not after the scenario that took place. I don't trust them with my puppy. She says, (and let me quote this) "They are professional" HA!!!!!!Well I guess I am an idiot since the way I was treated was rude and I won't take a chance with my puppy.Here is my favorite line from the customer service person...then why are you calling? story and tell her why they lost my business. I explain she needs to know about how her employees are acting and maybe can do something about the situation. She states well he is new. I said.....OK but that doesn't explain why they did that. Well let's see,It is probably a good idea that you know what is going on in your store and get it fixed otherwise you will continue to lose good customers like myself. She said well you said I can't do anything for you. I said that's probably why you will be out of business and out of a job. There is only one pet store in Laveen and I prefer to drive up to Dysart or 75th Ave versus going back to your store.Don't you think you need to tell the District Manager or Store Manager so you can get it fixed. If you don't know about how your customers are being treated you can't fix it. Obviously this customer service person needs to go through training too. She must be new. LOL :)
5	I don't understand the bad reviews I read. I couldn't help but to laugh and the extremely apparent attitude Ms. Mollie was throwing out. I mean who thinks you can get into a good groomer with no notice??  I have to say that poor planning on your part does not constitute and emergency on my end.  Please, please drive far away to get your dog groomed... Id hate to run into you and your "tude" on a beautiful day.I have been bringing my dog to this store for years now.  I like many others suffered a lot during the economic down turn as I worked in the finance industry.  When I lost my job one of the groomers was grooming my dog at store cost and not taking a profit.  I had no idea she was doing this, I just though she was giving me a great discount, until recently.  She never said anything to me about her working for free ( I of course tipped her, but still, she took a huge cut in pay), her main concern was my dog. She wanted him to look good, but more importantly feel good and be healthy, to make sure his nails were clipped so he didn't suffer and to ensure his ears were "plucked" of fur to make sure he didn't get any ear infections amongst other things.Things have turned around of course and I am happily paying full price plus a minimum 30% tip at every visit.  My groomer, Shaun, (sorry If I spelled your name wrong girl!!) is amazing.  She absolutely LOVES all of the animals that come into her shop and treats them as if they are her own pets.  The proof is in the pudding. In a recession she chose to work for pennies for me, and never said anything to me about it.  Like I said, I just found out how much she financially sacrificed for my pet to make sure he was taken care of.  Everyone in grooming knows my "lil one" by name and they genuinely seem happy to see him when we come in. He actually gets excited when we pull in to petco. When he sees Ms. Shaun he's more than happy to leave my side and go get some love from her.  And of course they do a GREAT job. He's a mini Schnauzer and he always leaves looking like a show dog!Lastly, he has diabetes. And there is an associate there who is EXTREMELY knowledgeable about the disease. She really loves animals and has given me so much helpful info that has helped me cope with his disease. She even went as far as to bring in her extra syringes (her baby passed away recently and he had diabetes) for my dog.  These people really care about animals and their owners lol.  So go visit them!!
1	I have visited other Petcos in the Phoenix area and have always had a great experience. After taking my pets to get groomed at this location for a couple of times I was not satisfied and would tell the staff about what I was unhappy about. They would then do fix what they did wrong. The last time I called to schedule an appointment I was refused service due to the fact that I was never happy with the service. I was refused service due to the fact that I demand my money's worth. It seemed the heavy set woman was the one that wrote in my file not to service me anymore. Very bad experience.
5	Chris and the ladies did a great job with this diva.
