5	this new restaurant in Deforest is incredible!!! I believe it used to be just a bar and breakfast place, and they recently expanded it to include evening dining options in attempts to revive the supper club tradition in wisconsin.i was told an authentic supper club offers relish plates and cheese and crackers with the meal . Swanson's didnt have that. Other than that, I don't really understand what distinguishes a supper club from a regular restaurant. the decor was typical wisco kitsch. plastic table clothes and hastily arranged furniture. they have a nighly special and typical sort of bland and overcooked generic restaurant food. the waitress was extremely nice and knew nothing about beer or food. the dining area has a view of the bar and pool table, and you can see unattractive rural americans making out in preparations to drunkenly have sex later!so like, all of these elements separate are sort of terrible. but ALL OF THESE FEATURES TOGETHER DURING AN INSANE BLIZZARD = INCREDIBLE!!!!i had a spaghetti and meatball special???? my dining partner had a bbq pork sandwich on a white hamburger bun from pic n save. it was basically the most fun ive ever had in my life.best part: when the cook came and brought me kraft parmesan cheese IN THE GREEN CAN!! and kept coming out of the kitchen to borrow it and bring it back. so, this is nothing like a sophisticated supper club, if one has ever existed. but the restaurant fits seamlessly into a down home deforest weekend.if you are not from the midwest, your mind will be blown. if you are from the midwest, you wont notice anything strange at all about Swanson's.  it's perfect!!
5	I live in DeForest and have eaten here a lot.  It used to be a bar that served food now is more of a restaurant.  Good food really reasonable.  I would recommend!  Drinks were strong which is a good thing!
5	Swanny's is a great bar in De Forest. Tuesday's he does two-for-one burgers and domestic bottles/cans. It's a great deal and he cooks up a mean burger.
3	Sadly, seems to be out of business as of 2/27/2013. Food was very good.
