5	This is one of my favorite places to get soft serve from in all of Pittsburgh. They have HUGE servings, and you can walk a block to eat your ice cream while overlooking downtown. The banana splits are to die for! They also have a coffee shop two doors down that has awesome lattes!
4	Take the Duquesne Incline up to Mount Washington for beautiful city views, walk across one mile of beautiful views to the Monongahela for the trip back down. A pit stop at Difiore's makes it all worthwhile. Try the lemon pie, it's delite-fully fresh. They have soft serve too and lots of different cones/waffle bowls. Bonus: you can eat it on the way back down.
5	Good and yummy ice cream. After riding in a toaster box up a hill in 100% humidity, I guess any ice cream would taste good! The service is friendly and the place is clean. I wanted the Big Fish Sandwich, but 1/2 a pound of fish is just too much "see-food" for me. This is a nice place to cool off in the summer.
4	I like this place.  They have fat free frozen yogurt in pistachio which is amazing.
4	Atop a hill overlooking Downtown Pittsburgh, this Ice cream shop is exactly what you need when you are looking to get fatter while you to take in the views! I experienced the Cinnamon crumb cake scoop on a sugar cone, it was a very cold day and I wasn't hungry. Talk about a great decision! It was very good and added to the experience! Well done Difore's, well done!
3	Seriously, who doesn't like ice cream?  Especially if it's right there in your own hood!  The only issue I have with this place is that it's usually ALWAYS packed in the summer!  But that's because....Number one:  It's on one of the main streets in Mt. WashingtonNumber two:  It's a tourist trapNumber three: It's the only ice cream place on the street!  There you go, no competition!  The owner HAS to make a killing scoopin out the cones in the summer, for sure.My fav flavor is the Birthday Cake ice cream.  It has cake, frosting and sprinkles mixed in.  YUMMO!  I was not a fan of the chocolate milkshake only because I don't like chocolate ice cream (I know, I'm weird) and they make it with that and choco syrup.  Too much!  If you're looking to go all out, the Brownie Sundae is divine!  So try to go on the off peak times like....the winter?  There's no fighting a strong urge for ice cream in the summer though, so if there's a long line, I'd still wait.  It moves fast, don't fight the urge!
5	Darren and I tag teamed a Cookie Fudge Sundae with soft serve ice cream. Mmmmm. Especially when the fudge gets on the cookie. The place is small and gets packed though.
1	poor selection, poor service, cash only, pricey for soft serve. do yourself a favor and skip this
5	LOVE love love this place!  The owner is really cool.  They have the BEST cannoli's I have ever had (and I am an east coast girl who knows her cannoli's :) ).  You have to check this place out.  The Dark Chocolate Mocha is also amazing.
4	This totally IS a tourist trap. There are signs down the block as soon as you get off the monorail thing to go up the Mountain in Pittsburgh. Though, I was a tourist for the day in a not so touristy town. Also, I LOVE ice cream and there aren't that many places to go to up here. Kind of a cute mom and pop shop. You can tell its been around for ages. At least since my sister was in college. ha. They only have 4 or 5 soft serve flavors and then a few scoop ice creams. I settled for a mix of chocolate/vanilla because the only other flavors were apple pie and French vanilla bean and neither jumped out at me. My sister got Moose tracks ice cream. Much more decadent. She also made sure to slather on some cherry sauce because she's weird like that. Though, the combination of her concoction actually was pretty great and tasted like a cherry Garcia sundae with peanut butter cups. Crazy. My small waffle cone was about 8 times the size I expected for its value and I appreciate it. There's no where to sit really inside so take your cones to go and enjoy that fresh Mountain air!
1	Absolutely horrible service! They not only charged us for waters (the same price as a soda) without mentioning it to is when we ordered, but after we paid we realized they charged us for an extra cone. When we realized our bill was off the cashier told us too bad and didn't offer any solutions.
3	Menu is rather small soft serve is So so prices are reasonable. Service not very friendly. Very small interior with limited seating. If your In the area I would opt for Page dairy mart instead.
3	It was okay. The guy behind the counter was rude when I asked to taste a few flavors. The ice cream was average. Nothing great and shiney about any of it. Eh
1	Horrible service, mediocre ice cream.  Owner was extremely rude and rang up our bill incorrectly.  When we noticed (immediately after being handed our change) he told us too bad.
3	Eh, what's to write?  They were super convenient, but that's about all they had going for them.  There were a couple soft serve flavors, a few frozen yogurt flavors, and a few hand-scooped flavors.  Nothing was spectacular, though I do like that they had the chocolate dipped waffle cones covered with nuts.
4	We were invited to the Mt. Washington Business District for an evening with family and were taken to Difiore's Ice Cream Delite for dessert.  Having a 3yo and 5yo made the experience all the better; they were thrilled at the choice of ice cream cones.  They had plain, chocolate sprinkles and rainbow sprinkles.  The best part of the experience was finding something on the menu for our three year old that is lactose intolerant.  It is nice not having to give her medicine or to have her opt out.  The service was warm and welcoming and we look forward to visiting again.  The kids are already asking for the ice cream shop near the skyline!
1	This place is a total rip off. $9 bucks for 2 ice cream cones- soft serve. For a cash only joint, this place is a total waste. PS- the service sucks badly. The guy working is either pissed off at the world or had the worst day in his life. Do not go here. Save your hard-earned cash.
2	Definitely a tourist trap! It's at a convenient location right by Mt. Washington overlook. On a hot summer day, it's very tempting to swing by this bright pink ice cream shop to satisfy that sweet tooth. But do try very hard to resist the temptation because this place is too overpriced for mediocre ice cream and the service is awful. There aren't that many options and their serving size is pathetic. I nearly paid $5 for like 3 bites of soft serve ice cream. If you come here, you will pretty much be paying for the convenience, not the food. I do NOT recommend!
3	Came for a quick cone before getting on the tram. It is what is to be expected from a small ice cream shop.
1	The ABSOLUTE WORST!!!!!!! They obviously know nothing about customer service!  If you do not like the public hire someone who does!  The coffee is the worst oh and don't even get me stsrted on the fudge (overpriced and terrible) $7.99 for 1/4 lb? He gets you becuase there are no prices on the stale week old pastries! The owner is so rude! Word of advice.....you are sitting on a gold mine, hire some friendly smiling faces and stay behind the scenes......
