4	A family friend died and for his funeral he wanted to have a killer party that his grandkids would have good memories of. (yes they played Freebird at the funeral) At the party they had bounces, tents and delicious BBQ.Waldo's catered all the way from Mesa to Avondale. The guy serving up the food was extremely concerned that we like the food and try as much as possible. He had nothing to worry about. The pork sammich I had was wonderful...the bun was plain and store bought but it really complimented the perfectly cooked pork and the sauce..yes the sauce...Anyone who has read a few of my previous reviews knows that I love my sauces and would eat nearly anything drizzled in the right sauce. This BBQ Sauce was not spicy like I usually like but it was not overly sweet like I don't. It had just this perfectly lightly sweet tang to it that I can still taste in my mouth. I would eat Dave B.'s Hatrid of myspace if it were covered int he sauce.The beans were also tasty with plenty of bacon and pork flavor, and the potato salad is the only besides my grandmother's that I have really really enjoyed...Delicious hommade taste to everything!I think Ed would have been happy with the celebration.
5	Some of the best BBQ I have ever tasted. Not a fancy place, but well kept up and well worth the day trip to east freaking Mesa.Everything on the menu is fantastic - I have tried it all over the years :)Place gets kinda busy around traditional lunch and dinner times.
4	In the Valley, this is by far my husband's favorite BBQ place. We discovered it purely by accident on our way to Bavarian Point, a German restaurant (I'll write about that later).It's a cute, gimmicky place, but not where I want to have BBQ.  I think BBQ is ok, but it's really not my thing.  It's my husband's thing.   I usually get the beef brisket. He usually gets the St. Louis Spareribs.The beef bristket is good enough to keep me happy and complaint free. I love the jalapeno cornbread that's served before the meal.I love that their sides are all you can eat - imagine bottomless fries and onion rings.  One small problem - for some reason, each time we've gone there (about 10 times) I've yet to get my french fries super hot...like right out of the grease, burn my lip but keep on eating goodness. It's always tepid, always lukewarm...so I usually tend to not eat all my fries.Other than that, it's good. It can get loud, but service is friendly. You can't ask for more - good bbq and a friendly waitstaff that is efficient.
4	I went to waldos a few weeks ago.  I am not a huge fan of bbq.  I had ribs and split it in half, as well as sweet potatoe fries and beans.  Everything was cooked perfectly, and the staff was super friendly.  I would much rather come here than most commercial bbq joints.
5	I only visit Mesa once a year, but I always make sure to eat at Waldo's. They serve my favorite BBQ, period. And don't miss the grilled vegetables - they're done perfectly.
2	"ugh... that was gross...." were the last words uttered before paying my $32 and change (for two people) and leaving.  I ordered the sampler platter with brisket, pulled pork, and a hot link.  The meal was served in a skillet.... the entire bottom of the skillet was COVERED in grease.  The brisket and pork was literally soaked in grease!  It was like they took the meat, dunked it in oil, then served it... it was disgusting.  The Cowboy Beans were cold and lacked flavor... plus the beans seemed undercooked.  The Spicy Fries and Sweet Tea were the best part of the meal.  The hot link wasn't for me... I didn't like the taste, but the other meats had a decent taste but not dripping in grease, I couldn't get over that.
5	When  in this part of AZ this is the BBQ place. I got the ribs and loved it. Meal comes with a skillet of BBQ sauce. The sweet potato fries, corn bread were all great, with a large jar of bottomless drink and its done.
4	For whatever reason, this is where my mom wanted to go on Mother's Day. I can't remember having gone here since I was about 9, and then I just remembered pigs everywhere and sawdust on the floor.I could tell as soon as we walked in that little had changed at Waldo's over the years! I'm not usually a huge bbq fan, I'm not big on sweet sauces, but I really enjoyed my meal. Our server was very (maybe overly) attentive and friendly, but there were only 2 other tables in the place at 4pm. (It kind of seemed like during our meal the whole staff would be watching us from the counter which reminded me a little of Fried Green Tomatoes... and we all know what was in that barbecue.. )I had a combo plate with pulled pork and ribs and they were both very flavorful and tender. It came with two sides-I had the cowboy beans which were pretty underwhelming, but I liked my sweet potato fries. The cornbread brought to the table was cold, I'm not sure if that was intentional or not. I also liked how everything was served in little skillets, cute touch. All in all, everything was very friendly and down home feeling. It is far from me in Phoenix so I don't think I'd make a trip just for that, but if I was hanging out in Mesa, it would definitely be on my mind.
4	I went here with a friend of mine in mid-May of this year.  We had been searching for Big City BBQ (which is out of business), ended up in Mesa, and just picked this place pretty randomly because it wasn't much further from where we already were.Not a bad choice at all!  The BBQ sauce is delish, the meats were well cooked, and the meatballs in the sampler were to DIE for.  This coming from someone who is not a big fan of meatballs or anything ground meat.I will warn that the meat is pretty "greasy" -- but it's the fatty, tasty goodness of the meat that makes it greasy, not extra cooking fats or anything horrible like that.  Although I typically eat healthy and can get sick from greasy foods, I had no problem here, even after eating leftovers for several days.  I will be bringing out-of-town visitors here if they ever get a hankerin' for BBQ.
3	I got the meat sampler here and like Eric M. said it was a skillet of grease with lots of meat on top. The BBQ sauce is good and the meat was good but greasy. I don't like cornbread with the peppers in it, its sick and whoever thought it was a good idea needs to re-evaluate their life. I like normal cornbread, not cornbread with random crap in it. I prefer Joe's Real BBQ any day.
3	If you are a minority, I would seriously consider being accompanied by someone who is white because you could literally get shot in here. The ambience of Waldo's makes the inside of Famous Dave's restaurant look like a wine bar in the Castro district of San Francisco.  They are not subtle with describing their politics and their disdain of vegetarians, Sadaam Hussein and any pansy who doesn't enjoy red meat. Nonetheless, the place has character and it's a nice change from the chain restaurants that so annoyingly persists in Phoenix. The nice thing about Waldo's is it's sincere, you know where they stand, you know this restaurant has been around forever and you know what kind of food you will receive.With regard to the food, America doesn't realize there are two types of BBQ restaurants. You have the fine upscale(fine for BBQ restaurants anyway) famous BBQ places like Rendezvous in Memphis or Gates in Kansas City.  But what most people are unaware of is there are a lot of BBQ pits or holes in the walls that serve their own style of cheap greasy BBQ and Waldo's is one of these places. You are not going to get the finest cuts of meat here. The BBQ is also not cooked to perfection for hours in a pit.  The food is greasy, fatty and somewhat tasteless. The sides are intriguing but are hit or miss. I ordered fried okra which was crispy and tasty and when I got a refill, it was soggy and cold...go figure...this is WaldosBottomline, don't take this place seriously and you will enjoy it. This is a lunch type of place. The food is expensive and overpriced. I just ate at Famous Daves and not only is the quality better at Daves but it's actually cheaper than Waldos. The ambience is typical of a BBQ hole. The place smells like smoke, the AC is turned down to save money so it's a little warm but still comfortable. There are flies buzzing all over the place. I had this fly keep attacking my cornbread so I let him have it.  The waitresses are always a little rude and tough. They have no time for small talk but they are attentive in their own way, think women wrestingling or WNBA player and that describes the charm of their waitresses: tough, unabasehd yet attentive and hard working at the same time.  Their drinks are a really turn-on. They have lots of different flavored teas that are served in old jelly jars (very common in the South). The drinks are a real plus.Nonetheless, I am strangely drawn to Waldos and would come back here again although I know the BBQ isn't great. I think it's the overall charm that draws you to this place because you really feel like you are dining in this old barn in the South.  Still, if this place was located in Oklahoma, Georgia, Texas etc. it would go out of business because this is a cheap imitation of those places but is kept alive by the fact that Phoenix lacks good BBQ
4	Yup, yup...still a fan. Service is still good, but they've definitely improved on my french fry complaint - my fries were hot and burned my mouth. WOO HOO! :)Everything was as good as I remembered it. I docked a star because part of my brisket was really tough so I didn't eat that part...it has become a reward for my cute little dog Rex. :)Still 2 thumbs up from me and hubby.
4	So I was starving and in the area, so I stopped in again on a tip from a friend that their ribs were "delicious dude".  I figured I would give it one more chance, and I'm glad I did.  Their baby back ribs are actually VERY good.  I was shocked.  Their ribs trump Joe's by a long shot.  The rest of their food is "meh" but the ribs are dank.
4	I do not know what the one reviewer considers "overpriced" but this place is not.I have been eating here for years, and the food is pretty good. The pulled pork is my favorite, and the Catfish Po'Boy is also really good, I order it on a normal bun instead of the Baguette.They also have unlimited side items.. I typically have a small pulled pork with baked potato, the cost is around 7-8 bucks with drink and cornbread, and I usually have two baked potatoes, which is a good deal in my book.My best friend is a fan of the brisquet, yet I have not tried it.The place is quite decked out with pig related stuff, but don't worry, its just decor, the staff is quite friendly and attentive. My vegetarian fiance will even eat there (side items are good!) and they have always accommodated her.
3	I have been to Waldos many many times over the last couple years... I really like the BBQ sauce, but that is about where it stops. Slash, the skookie is brilliant...Last time I went, we showed up at about 8:25pm and got in to eat... at 8:30pm they stopped letting people it. So even though they say they close at 9:00pm, they really close at 8:30pm.I like Waldos but i feel like there is always something missing when I go, not sure what it is but recently I have felt like they need something.
5	Pretty good BBQ every time I have come in. When I am in town seeing family this is always a must stop place for me. Sauces are good. I like my BBQ spicy and this place has a spicy sauce which is good. Always plenty of food too!
1	Gross.  If you like your food sitting in pool of grease then you'll love this place.  It just was not good.  Potatoes were cold, the meats were just okay, but once I saw the puddle of grease, that was it for me.  Never again.
5	Excellent BBQ....fun staff.  Definitely try the fried corn on the cob.  I visit whenever I'm in the area.
1	Quick to take order and serve.  They didn't have enough change so I didn't get any coins back.  Food was alright if you like food with no flavor.  Spent 8 bucks for an oily sandwich and dry and oily mac n cheese.  Order was to go and wasn't offered a fork for the mac n cheese.  I think I will spend my money elsewhere.  The parking lot smells like raw sewage.
5	Let me start by saying I've been a fan of waldos bbq since I moved here in 2003,at that time it was located on Thomas and hayden,I used to love it there. N e ways its 2011,and I was asked, if u could eat anything for Yur birthday,what would it be? Without thinking I replied waldos bbq country ribs w/ sauteed house veggies, spicy fries,mustard bbq sauce and a sweet tea. so we found this one on main in mesa,and as u can imagine,I have mixed feelings on my way,I am excited cuz I used to crave and eat this twice a week while I was in college in 03,at the same time its 8 years later and my expectations are thru the roof,becuz I so long to satisfy this longing for this fond memory of great simple bbq,not muddled by trend or times.so finally we get there and I see the pink pig and I smile deep down,we walk in and its the same saw dust on the ground just like i remember,we were seated and they brought out a huge mason jar filled to the threading w/ fresh sweet tea,just like I remember,then they follow w/ complimentary green Chile corn bread and butter,just like I remember,then we order thru our engaging,smiling and menu savvy staff,just like I remember,in the time it takes to eat Yur cornbread,the food arrives,and with all the denile almost gone I taste,and its magic,exactly the same,and I could not believe it,it was like reliving and fond dream. I was reaquanted w/ a love I thought I would never find again. It really was perfect and I want to commend the ownership of waldos and be the first to say thank u. For Yur hard work.it completely shows in where it matters most that u care,in service and most importantly food,thank u so much. Consistentcy is the single hardest thing to achieve as a restaurant,and u have achieved it. I will always remember my birthday I found my long lost love waldos bbq,I do have to drive a bit to get to it now,but ill b honest,ill walk to it if I have to. It is so worth it.
5	The best Damned BBQ in Mesa,Az hands down! I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was absolutely delish. The pork was very tender, smoked perfectly and juicy as Jlo's butt! The restaurant is filled with quirky funny signs and there's a few flying pigs too, lol the atmosphere is casual come as you are, as any BBQ place would be, and reasonably priced. Can't wait till my next visit.
4	I'm not too crazy about the atmosphere here that much. The parking lot smells like sewage. It's crowded and loud inside especially on the busy nights. But I always go back there for the food. By far the best BBQ in the east valley. I love the refills on side dishes you get with the meal. Great price!
5	Excellent service as well as fantastic BBQ!  We go there at least once a week when we are in Apache Junction and area!!!
4	Love love love the BBQ sauce.  Some of the best BBQ you can get in AZ.  I was not a big fan of some of the sides (sorry no 5 star) but the meat was very very good with generous portion served hot..
4	Went here over the weekend with some friends. I've been to Waldo's before but another location some years ago. This one has a tractor and a pink pig of a smoker out front. I'm picky with my BBQ, and I make some killer Q myself, and my friends said if I liked Andrew's BBQ (a few PHX valley locations) I would like Waldo's. It's definitely on par if not better for a few reasons.....1. Opening course is warm green chile (jalapeno?) cornbread while you figure out what to order. Plain cornbread is so ho-hum and this flavor zing is appreciated! I love chile peppers of all kinds.2. You can't help but smile at some of the decor which consists of quirky things on the wall and signs saying mildly amusing things.3. Endless sides and fountain drinks! Mac n cheese, fries, large spiced potato wedges, beans...4. Full bar. Waldo's has fair pricing. However I would go for a full rack of ribs since a half is $16.00. I had the large pulled pork sandwich with a side of spiced potato wedges and it was scrumptious. The meat wasn't dry, it was perfect. The sauce is addictive! I like the sauce, and it's served on the side in a small iron skillet. The skillet is what I remember from another location. I think they have a few sauce varieties for the "wet" styles of meats. I haven't tried other things since my friend got the quesedilla and my other friend got the pork sandwich as well. Sure would like to try a sampler one of these times.When I try another thing I'll update this review.Service is excellent and attentive - the place was near empty, but I hope it's just as good when packed. Good for families! I saw one family with 3 kids order the TOWERING MOUNTAIN of onion rings which were large and fresh! I was kinda jealous. Don't eat that decoration when you come in the door! (There's a sign anyway but temptation was HUGE upon first sight.)All in all Waldo's is a generous experience. BBQ is all about INDULGENCE, guilty or not, and also one shouldn't feel worried about NOT getting value for your money like at Lucille's (but don't get me wrong, Lucille's is super yum, just the wispy fries are a sad excuse), and Waldo's just the perfect ticket.Even the endless fountain drinks are served in large Mason jars!I'll definitely eat here again when in the neighborhood.
5	Best BBQ in Mesa Arizona , service is good, full bar, ice cold beer and please try the BBQ Beef ribs or sampler. You can't go wrong!
1	Fried okra was fresh hot and delicious, pulled pork, beef, and chicken were all served cold, so was sauce & beans. won't return.
5	Now this is more like it!Based on fellow Yelpers, we decided to try Waldo's.First, we missed it; ok, in our defense, it was freaking dark and that darned pig does not have lights on it....yet...... so we went around the block, came back, and realized how packed the parking lot was.  But we still went in...And got the worst table in the house.Seriously. The sign above it said so. And promised 20% off for sitting there - and they did take it off the bill as promised!No sooner did we sit down than a server slid two squares of cornbread and butter at us.  The first bite was just good old-fashioned cornbread. The second bite surprised us with a bit of jalapeno - all I can say is yum.  It was warm, it was fresh, and had enough pepper to add an occasional little burst of flavor, but not enough to overwhelm the cornbread. So far, so good.I decided to order the brisket and DS ordered the sampler with brisket, pulled pork, and ribs.  We both got sweet potato fries and I got fried corn, DS got mac and cheese (hey, he's 20 - he can do that carb overload at his age).The brisket - what can I say? Nirvana.  It was smokey and juicy.  Enough fat on the edges to tell you that it was the real stuff - and to keep it juicy. Fork tender.  Now they serve the sauce on the side in a skillet. At first, I took a teaspoon of sauce and put it on the meat, then I decided oh hell, I started dipping it, it was that good.  A little vinegary, a little sweet.  Not thick and saucy, more southern and thinner.Pulled pork - wow.  Very good.  DS did give me a bite and it was tender, juicy, and smoky.Now - some of you are going to say a little greasy.  there is a fine line there.   If you use a shoulder or butt, yep, you are going to get fat and a little grease.  But man, that makes for good eating.  Leave that Weight Watchers diet guide at home when you come here.Ribs - nicely cooked.  A mild rub, not overwhelming. You will definitely want that sauce to add a little kick to those ribs.btw - we did the original sauce but they also have a jerk sauce, a spicy Louisiana, and a mustard.Sweet potato fries were not shoestring, they actually had a little substance to them. Tasty.Mac and cheese - not bad.  I tasted a little onion in it I think. Creamy.   I am a really picky mac and cheese eater, so most places don't do much for me.The last side was the fried corn.  Meh. It didn't do much for me.  It was still on the cob, so it was just too soft for me (I am a 4 minute corn cooker so if you like your corn that firm, this is not the corn for you).Interestingly enough, the sides are endless - although I can't imagine how you would be able to eat everything in one sitting unless you were wearing Joey's turkey-eating pants :)  We brought home almost one entire order of fries between the two of us.And the best part? It was reasonably priced - so many restaurants out this way  break the bank but this one didn't.  kudos to Waldo.I would recommend trying Waldo's if you are a real BBQ hound - it will never win any awards for decor but, frankly, when you are busy licking your fingers and smacking your lips, who cares about decor??
5	We went back today and took both DH and DS.  DH and I both used the coupon on the website for the country ribs and pulled pork, DS took the safe route and ordered a sampler again.  I decided to order a tossed as a side - and was I impressed.  We went somewhere earlier in the week and ordered wings and a side salad - and at $4,it had nothing more than some iceberg, croutons, and dressing.  This was a nice salad - thick diagonal slices of cukes, grape tomatoes, croutons and spring mix tossed with the iceberg.  And large.  Between the cornbread and the salad, I was about done in.DH got the cowboy beans.  They were real pintos cooked with chili powder and maybe a little ground meat.  Tasty if you are not the canned pork and beans crowd - but they wouldn't appreciate homemade beans anyway :)  He also had the spiced fries - I haven't figured those out yet.  Not blackened, not chili - just a little itsy bitsy bit of spice on them.  Tasty but I just can't figure out what they had on them.  But they were neither overly-salted or overly-spiced.Country ribs were plentiful and moist but they should be a fattier cut of pork (and they were). DH also ordered a hot link on the side - now that was a tasty morsel!  It was a sneaky link:  chew it, chew it, swallow it - now feel the burn.  Definitely worth getting again.
4	Very good bbq. Had the pulled pork sandwich. Waited an hour for our food, they were pretty slammed that night. But they gave us half off on our bill for the wait. I just found a new favorite. I will be going back.
5	BABY BACK RIBS!!!!!!!!!!!! OK phoenix, well reading all these reviews and I'm sad! this place hands down has the BEST baby back ribs in the valley period!! but most people in phx don't know what good food is anyways! these baby back are smoked to perfection and so god dam tender, and there rub is great and i get them "wet" sauced then grilled again, side are ok but im not going there for the sides, im there for those baby back ribs! trust me just go and get a slab or five now!
5	Waldo's, they've got the art of BBQ down! we were seated promptly and given some fresh baked jalapeno cornbread, very tasty! I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, it was the best pulled pork i have ever had! very tender and juicy with lots of smoky flavor, not dry and chewy like at many other poser BBQ joints. the decor is full of old whimsical signs and i think there's even a flying pig on the ceiling. definitely worth checking out if your on the east side of the valley
3	Food: The haystack was huge and delicious.  It easily trumps any bloomin' onion I've ever had, hands down.  The meat was fall-off-the-bone tender, juicy, and came with a generous heap of  homemade finger-licking house barbecue sauce.  The jalapeno cornbread was soft, sweet, and with the added  touch of tangy jalapeno it was possibly the best I've ever had.  Also, the sides were all-you-can-eat, though we were far too full to even consider seconds.The atmosphere was fun, covered in vintage signs and quirky decor.  You could spend hours just reading all the signs in this place.  Despite being a smaller joint, it was brimming with character,All that being said, the service was just terrible.  We had an older blonde waitress, and she was vacant, unattentive, and just downright disinterested in serving us.  I work in customer service, and this time of year, I know it's rough, so I try to hold judgement for those in the service industry.  But we absolutely could not get her attention for anything.  She spent most of the time sitting in a table near the restroom chatting with another server.  She never once came by to check on us, we actually had to track her down to ask for a refill.  Forget requesting condiments.  It took her over 20 minutes after the meal to bring our tab and then she never came back to pick it up. I actually had to go up to the counter and ask another waitress if she could kindly ring us up.  It took 40 minutes after the actual meal to get out again...If the server was even halfway decent, this would be a 5-star review.  I'm not suggesting anyone avoid this place, it's great.  Just make sure you go hungry, patient, and hope you don't get sat with blondie.
4	My husband and I came here on Friday night with our 2 small kids. We got there about 630 and were seated right away before the dinner rush. Our server was nice and made some great suggestions that would work for our little family.We ended up getting the Super Sampler which is a tray of 3 meats of your choice, a big bowl of bbq sauce and 2 sides. All the sides here are ENDLESS! So if you get macaroni and mashed potatoes, you can have as many bowls as you want throughout your dinner! I though that was awesome and great for families!!I also got a pina colada, they were on special for 3 dollars. I wasn't expecting it to be so tasty!When we were leaving our waitress let us know that kids eat free monday-thursday!! It's a really great place for families, because the atmosphere is loud and fun, so no need to keep hushing your kids. Also good for couples looking for a fun night out. There is also a great little gift shop next door, but they close at 6. We will, no doubt, be coming back here!
5	Best ribs I have ever had.  Pulled pork and fried corn was excellent as well.  Very reasonably priced, and it has a fun atmosphere as well.  I will be back!
5	Yum! Great hole in the wall bbq joint
3	Well, I have only been here once. My wife suggested it, she's come here with her grandfather for years, when she's out visiting him. The last time she came here was a little over a year ago. She said it was awesome. It's ok. She ordered her favorite, baby back ribs. I ordered a sliced brisket sandwich. Small,  not large. Small appetite tonight. First off, the staff was super friendly. Our waitress knew the menu well, and was able to offer good suggestions, and info on the side dishes. The sandwich looked great. I didn't know what to pick as a side, I asked the waitress how the potato salad was. She said "it's mustard based." I asked if it was good though. She said it was "ok." I asked it it was home made, she said no. So, store bought. Nice. The sandwich looked great, and was ok. There was a big slab of fat in it. The potato wedges were good. The ribs my wife got were pretty gross. Really fatty. I couldn't eat one, it was that gross. What wasn't fatty was mushy. She also had the Mac and cheese. Same thing, gross. The barbecue sauce was really good. My wife was really disappointed that it wasn't good. She said her grandpa would be upset it wasn't as good as usual. Personally I'm hoping it was just a bad night, but I can say store bought sides are lame. I know it's unlimited sides, but I'd rather have one good side then a ton of gross sides. I prolly won't be back, only because I live in California. If I lived here I'd give them another shot, they are super nice, and the sauce was good.
4	We live close but don't partake too often because its a bit pricey for us but when we do its always YUMMY. We've noticed that the portions are smaller this time around though.
4	Fun environment, friendly service, this is a great BBQ establishment.  The ribs and BBQ chicken were delicious.  The sides offered here are a bonus!!
4	Waldo's is a place you have to try if you are in the Mesa/Gilbert area.  The setting has a kitchy somewhat campy theme inside and out.  It's kind of like a Route 66 diner but much better. The ceiling is painted with clouds and the restaurant is very open.  I think they might even have a back room also.  Your choices on BBQ are plentiful and the endless sides are a total bonus, even though buy the time you're done with your dinner, ordering more on the sides doesn't usually happen for me.   Last time I was there I got the pulled chicken.  What is mouth watering is the sauce they used.  They put it in a little skillet and you can use as little or as much as you like.  The tanginess of the sauce with a little bit is just what you want from a BBQ.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it. The service every time we come to Waldo's has been excellent.  You can't beat the value and service.  Every time I am here, I always say I wonder why this place hasn't been on Diners, Drive-In's & Dives.
4	I've been here 2 times in the past couple years. The decor is awesome and really gets you ready to have some BBQ with all the pigs and funny signage posted on the wall. The prices are a super bargain when it comes to BBQ.  The drinks come in mason jars which adds to the whole theme. The cornbread they bring out is warm and soft and is a nice snack. Now onto the real part the BBQ. I ordered a sampler plate which included 4 meats. Baby Back Ribs - full of flavor and meaty, just not as tender as I like them.  I believe the meat should pull apart from the rib with a little pull.Hot link - from the first bite it had that snap I love and juices started to pour out.  Also, it had a great amount of spiciness to give it that kick.   Pulled pork - they gave a generous portion, but was average in taste.  I added some vinegar and hot sauce to liven it up. Brisket - Upon first appearance it had a nice smoke ring around the meat that I love, but after that pure disappointment.  It had no flavor and appeared to be low quality beef.  I definetly had to add BBQ sauce to this to make it somewhat edible.     The sides here are great.  The horse radish mash potatoes were Awesome, beans, macaroni and corn were really good too. And they keep refilling your sides until you can't take it anymore. Also, it's a great spot to bring kids.  My kids devoured their meals and had some of mine.I highly recommend this place. I am just hoping it was a bad day for the brisket.
5	Love BBQ?? ..NOT SURE WHAT TO GET? ..GET THE RIBLET BASKET!!! It has the most meat for the best price. You will definitely need a box. Waldos is the best BBQ in Mesa. Falls off the bone, sauce is homemade and the sides are all you can eat. Mmmm, cowboy beans, coleslaw and spicy fries! My fave.
5	Found this place on Yelp and got take out.  The restaurant is really fun inside.  We ordered the sampler which was huge.  The food was amazing!  Prices are reasonable too.  Will for sure be back to t his BBQ place!
5	I don't know why but  I have some pretty good memories of Arizona BBQ throughout my life. My grandparents have lived in Mesa for the last 16 years and Joe's BBQ has always been a must go to...but recently my grandparents have been taking us to Waldo's because it is closer to their house.  I love the funky piggy themed decorations. I also really find Waldo's to be a perfect option because in contrast to Joes A.) They have never ending sides (including baked sweet potatoes) which I could eat for days on end anyways and B.) They serve their meat in tiny skillets (which is flipping adorable.) I love that they bring their sweet bbq sauce on the side because then it allows me to have the option of putting as little or as much as I want on top. Unfortunately for me their cornbread was awesome and one bite put me down the rabbit hole of eating an entire piece. Love Love
5	We were greeted by a warm smiling pig. After navigating through the novelty pig signs and Route 66 decor and having a ton of saw dust in my flip flops we were seated at a picnic like table. Waitress came and took our drink orders and answered my questions about the menu. Ended up with the baby back ribs with mac and cheese and "horsey spuds" mashed potatoes whipped with Horseradish. Food came very quickly and let me tell you about these ribs. My god. I'm not a huge rib aficionado but i know good ribs when the bones literally fall out of the meat. BBQ sauce is served on the side in a cast iron skillet. It was perfect. Good portions of food and good prices. The horsey spuds had the perfect bite and the mac and cheese was homemade. brought some ribs home for later and more sauce. Sides are never ending. This Main St drag is home to many retirement communities and snow birds this time of the year, so once you've mowed over the walker and parked next to the electric scooter the food is amazing. Steer clear of the gift shop next door. Lots of gas station-esq novelty items that have been marked up ten times to appease the Canadian crowd. If you can get past the surrounding neighborhood the food is so so worth it. BF had pulled pork sand which and it was perfect too. I like that the drinks come in mason jars too. Checked in via Yelp and received a free drink
5	We are very happy with this place! My fiance is crazy about the cat fish and we both think the barbeque can't be beat...not even at home! There is a little inconsistancy in the cooking but even when a dish is not it's best it's still good. I've never had a meat dish there that wasn't excellent. I have tasted the blackened catfish when it was just too spicy but that's when my fiance loves it. I am very fond of the fried cat fish, and I lived in the south for a time and can tell you that it's every bit as good as the best in Nashville. The service is disorganized. They have some stellar wait staff and some children who need more direction than they're getting. This can cause long waits for seating and for service once seated. On fridays, (all you can eat catfish night), we usually have to ask for the cornbread as it's typically forgotten. The food is so good that I don't mind a single bit. Not only will we be back, we'll be back often and will bring any friend or relative that is willing to make the drive. I'd like to suggest that the gift shop next door consider staying open on friday evenings. With the wait time for tables being so long, it would be nice to have a place to do a little shopping.
4	Great bbq! I was just thinking about how I wish I could go get some good bbq and immediately went back to thinking of this place. Unfortunately I am 1,000 miles away and I can't remember a darned thing that I had (it's been over a year ago) but I know it was good. Here's to hoping I'm back in Mesa soon!
5	Real sweet tea! Great food, all u can eat sides. Had pulled pork sandwich & sampler plate. Very good and tasty. Good for the wallet too.
4	The ribs are A-mazing, and the sauce is very good.  Skip the chicken - it's always dried out.  The fries are hand cut and delicious too though, and everyone there is very friendly.
5	we are here from California visiting family, and my nephew chose Waldos knowing my husband love BBQ. We were not disappointed! This place was great!!! Great family restaurant, lots of positive energy, very friendly staff, our waitress was very busy but gave us extremely good service. We ordered ribs, chicken, hotlinks, pork sampler which was devoured by the men.  We also enjoyed pulled pork sandwich, BBQ sauce brought on a mini frying pan, potato stuffed with pulled pork, and kiddie plate chicken strips, all delish!! Excellant cherry lemonade, have to order!! all drinks served in mason jars. Lots of different signs, ecclectic wall hanging, Pigs, things to look at while enjoying a fun night out. Try Waldos, you wont be sorry!
4	I come to Waldo's once a year when I'm in town for spring training games. My buddy lives nearby, so it's a no-brainer to come here for great pork bbq. I love the horseradish mashed potatoes. Service takes a while sometimes, but by the end of the meal, with a full belly, that is all forgotten. A plus is the gift shop next door.
2	We ordered two sandwiches - one large, one regular and we could not tell a difference in size when they arrived at our table.  If I wanted cooked with with BBQ sauce thrown on top, I would have ate at home.  Whatever happened to cooking the meat IN THE SAUCE??  The smoked flavor of the meat was so overwhelming, I could not taste the sauce.
4	3.5 stars. Good, the BBQ sauce is average. Food was good. Had takeout, so not sure how the service was.  Will have again? Prob, only because its closer than other BBQ places
4	We  love Waldo's! It's walking distance for us to that makes it an easy choice for dinner after an afternoon happy hour and day at the pool.  We get the St. Louis ribs to share along with a potato and sauteed veggies (which are awesome). The sides are endless so you can get as many orders as you like and additional sides are just $2. You really can't beat the value. And the BBQ is pretty darn good! We really like the sauces (regular & jerk) too.  We've been coming here for years now and we haven't been disappointed yet! Ask for Brooke or Dave they are awesome servers and will take good care of you!
4	Excellent and fast, luv the bbq
5	So glad that I work close to here, this is my go to spot for lunch!
5	By far the best barbecue joint in Phoenix. My family has been coming here for years ever since I was in a high chair. Every time me or one of my friends has a hankering for barbecue, we make the drive to mesa for waldos. I highly recommend this place, you wont be sorry! Don't forget to try the cornbread or the horsey potatoes! (mashed potatoes with horseradish )
5	This was a Yelp find...and it lived up to the great reviews. Best BBQ I've had in a long time!! True family style meals that were fairly priced and VERY good. I had the pulled chicken salad and my buddy had the ribs. Both were OUTSTANDING. Forget the chains....this mom and pop is the real deal!!
4	Now I'm no BBQ connoisseur but I really like this place.  I've tried all the various meats (except the chicken)  and I love them all. They do an amazing job with the ribs which I find isn't always the case for BBQ places in AZ.  Pile on all you can eat sides and the reasonable price and this place is pretty awesome.
5	Waldos is legit. Ribs are great, pulled pork is great!!! The peach cobbler is out of bounds!!! Great BBQ. Sauces are on point.. Sides are all good.
1	My parents raved about this place to me.. Couldn't say enough about the amazing food and service. Sadly, this was not the case 2nd time around. Consistency is key, but it seems like this something they lack. Waitress seemed rude and impatient and when she let us know that they were completely out of all beef products, she was unwilling to substitute other meat for us. Also, let me note that it was 6 pm when they ran out of beef... At a BBQ restaurant. When we were a little confused by the whole situation the waitress seemed to get more rude, like it was our problem. I will never eat here again and won't ever mention it to another person. Good luck with your current staff and business model, it seems to be working great for you (sarcasm)
5	By far the best bbq I've had in Phoenix so far.  Yes, I've been to Honey BBQ, Famous Daves, Stacy's (unfortunately not in the running.. sniff!), Dickie's BBQ Pit, etc.So the pulled pork by itself is eh, and the bbq sauce is like eh, but then you put them together and its AWESOME!  It makes you scratch your head..  The bun is very tasty and goes with the pork well too.The corn bread is on the dry side with bits of corn in it.  Not bad.  The BBQ nachos I would not recommend although you do get a heaping pile of tasty bits.  Also would not recommend the spicy fries, but I hear their mac and cheese and various other sides are better.But I'm definitely going back to find that perfect endless side to go with my pulled pork sandwich.  Maybe get a rack on the side too!  ;)
4	Great food, their ribs were excellent and I will be back for more of their awesome BBQ. Sauces were good too, and everything was BBQ'ed nicely. The staff could be a bit more polite, courteous, and attentive , but don't let that stray you away for their food - it's some of the best BBQ in the valley hands down.
5	This place is a unique adventure. The whole place has a very run down look, with lots of really cool old timey advertisements and jokes about the quality of the food and the restaurant. The food itself is no joke though! Everything I've had has been amazing, the fried corn especially. Everything gets served to you in miniature cast iron pans and tastes amazing. Any place that serves you your drink in a mason jar means serious business.
5	I absolutely love this BBQ. I'm a BBQ snob considering I was raised in Texas where the BBQ is real BBQ! Waldo's is definitely Texas BBQ style! Delicious! Not to mention the excellent customer service the restaurant offers. They have great specials during the week Monday - Thursday for kiddos. Kiddos get a free meal with a purchase of an adult meal. They have great specials on beer too. They offer draft to bottled beer as well as a full bar. The BBQ sauce .......IS THE BEST! the french  fries are to die for and the pork sand which is out of this world! I've never had anything that I disliked at Waldo's or have ever had a poor experience with the wait staff. Excellent customer service and Excellent food!
4	LOVE the veggies and the horsey spuds at Waldos!Oh and the BBQ is pretty awesome too.Wish they would give the place a good cleaning!
4	One of the best BBQ places i ever had. Loved all the signs, wood chips on the floor, drinks in mason jars and the BBQ sauce was to die for. Wasn't greasy at all. There was a male customer that was giving our waitress a very very hard time, just being very difficult and her attitude hanged at the end but I would have to. We will go back, it was very yummy.
3	Pros: pulled pork, barbeque sauce, wood chips, service (Dave was great), paper table covers, sauteed veggies, sweet potato friesCons (all were only minorly disappointing): watery lemonade, dry cornbread, no baked beans, sandwich buns, mac and cheese okay. Overall, would recommend. Not quite as good as billed
5	I gave this place a second chance, and I'm so glad I did!  The service has greatly improved, and is now almost as phenomenal as the food itself.  We've since made Waldo's a regular meeting place, which is really just an excuse to order their signature Hay Stack on a regular basis.If you're looking for authentic, home-style barbecue, they're pretty much the best in the Valley.
4	The unlimited sides are awesome.
5	Our family has been looking for great BBQ for a while. We have tried a lot of the local fare and it's good, but the sauce was never quite right. This was the best sauce we have had in quite a while. The meat was also cooked to perfection. We had the Pig (Pulled pork sandwich) and each got one endless side. I got Mac and cheese and she got fries. She didn't like the fries, and I didn't like the Mac and cheese. We switched and each loved it. It's all about finding the side that works for you. The lemonade was great, especially the cherry lemonade. We got a side of ribs to go and we will definitely be back on a Wednesday for their all you can eat baby back ribs.TL;DR: Great BBQ, okay sides once you find one you like. Awesome ribs.
5	Excellent service,  excellent atmosphere, wonderful prices, Food is even better than we heard it was.
5	Waldo's is definitely my go-to BBQ place in Arizona. My girlfriend showed me this place and ever since then whenever we crave some good BBQ, Waldo's is always the first on the list. To start off, they have the best BBQ sauce that I have ever tasted. It's definitely not your every day BBQ sauce it has a really great smoky flavor that you don't normally find in BBQ sauce. Secondly, they have AMAZING fall off the bone ribs. We have tried both the baby back and spare ribs and both have been delicious. On top of the great ribs and the BBQ sauce, they also have delicious fries, onion rings, and my girlfriend absolutely loves their ranch! The restaurant has a really cool decor and the service has always been very quick and friendly. Waldo's has top notch BBQ and I will continue to go back.
5	It the Real Deal BBQ. Not fancy, just real good BBQ served in a country casual place.
5	Our AZ friends took us here for dinner.  Had the pulled pork sandwich and sweet potato fries.  Excellent!  And it was Wine Wednesday so all wines were only $3 a glass.  I guess it's a running joke among locals that the little souvenir shop next door is never open.  Since the restaurant was packed, I'm sure they could expand next door and still have a full house.
4	This place has great food, great prices, great service, and GREAT ambiance! The decorations were spot on. The cornbread we got to eat was truly horrible.. but it was free so I'll ignore that. It was ice cold, dry, and flavorless. I ordered the brisket with mac and cheese and spicy fries. I really though the sides were delicious, and BONUS, they're unlimited!! The brisket had good flavor but was a bit dry but the bbq sauce totally fixed that! MY party also had the fried okra, veggies, riblets, and one of the combo meals with 3 different meats. They all said it was some of the best bbq they've had! I would definitely recommend this place.
5	Just to "pile on" here...I recently discovered Waldo's and was surprised at how close to my home they are!  Went there for dinner and loved the food!  Terrific selection of BBQ options, good comfortable atmosphere, and very reasonable prices - just what I was looking for.  Waldo's is my new favorite BBQ in the area.
3	This place is ok, not horrible but not fabulous.  Went on a Saturday evening 5:30 ish, place was full but we (party of 3) were seated in less than 5 min.  The waitress we had was great - sorry I didn't get her name :(  We ordered smoked turkey platter - very moist and great smoke flavor, a pulled chicken sandwich - nothing special here, and a combo plate of ribs, brisket and pulled pork.  I don't eat beef/pork but my son said the pulled pork was the best of the 3 meats but that Joe's BBQ was much better.  They have a basic BBQ sauce which I thought was VERY good, the Louisianna BBQ  one was super spicy, almost gave my son an asthma attack (he's kinda a wimp).  The cornbread was not good at all, they have unlimited sides we had mac n cheese, 1 of the 3 of us loved it, sweet potato fries - delish, and potato wedges - nothing good or bad it's just a potato.  Their Cherry Lemonade was very good, drinks come in a jar the size of a mayo jar. We split the tab so for 2 people the 3 meat platter and the turkey platter was $38 seems pricey to me.  I'd probably go back as it wasn't terrible, but I would rather go to Joe's.  However if you are ever in Tucson and you want some great BBQ try Brushfire!!!! They know cornbread!!!
2	Typical BBQ hut. Clean & friendly.DO NOT GET THE BEEF RIBS!!Absolutely horrible. I have no idea why they would even serve them. Gristle, fatty, bland and you spend more time finding edible meat, than eating it.My friend had the pulled pork and loved it!The side portions are large and very tasty.Sorry, but won't be going back any time soon as there are plenty of BBQ choices in town.
5	Get ready to eat!!! This place gives you SO much food. We had coupons for the Tennessee sampler and came home with enough food to feed two people another meal off of one sampler. I love that they do unlimited sides for 2.00 and their drinks are in huge mason jars. They also give you hot corn bread to start your meal. The service is always really great when we go and the scenery is perfect for a bbq place. I always love eating at Waldo's, but I leave way way way too full.
5	If I could give 6 stars I would.  Fantastic service.  Everyone who works there obviously has pride in the place.  It's like they all have a stake in the claim.  Great atmosphere.  Food DELISH.  I normally get 1/3 lb pulled pork with a bun and inhale that stuff.  It's a manly meal in a manly restaurant.  I ate here and the next thing you know, I have to shave twice a day, my wife got pregnant and people started paying me the money they owed me.  Coincidence?  I don't think so.
3	I have went to Waldos twice qwith my family.  The first time was a very good experience and the second time was not so pleasant.  The first time we had good food and good service.  The second time the food was good but the service from the waitress was not so great.  The second time we went the A/C was also broken and it felt hotter in the restraunt than it wa outside at 110f.  By the time we got done eating we were covered in sweat.  My advice is call and make sure the A/C is fixed before going and only go for the food.  If you are gonig for good service try somewhere else.FOOD 5 Star for the money and valueService-  3 Star, it could be improved a lot.  Depends who your server is too.
5	Waldo's BBQ is awesome! We had the smoked brisket and it was delicious! The sides were good also and you get endless refills on them. The fried okra was very good! Service was fast and our waiter was friendly and helpful!
5	This is my favorite bbq joint to come to in AZ.  Been going to this place for years back when it was the only place around that far on Main St.  The food is always good and unlimited sides are super good!  I love the corn bread and horsey spuds!  Give this place a go if your looking for some bbq!
2	We came to Waldos during lunch when it wasn't too crowded.  For some reason it felt like they went out to the farm to get fresh food and start the whole butchering process.  We have a limited time we can go out for lunch, and it took almost 1 hour for the food to come.  While the quality of the food was great, I would never come here again.
5	Once again Waldo's BBQ was awesome! The food was so yummy & the service was awesome! David took such good care of us! Love, love this place! You should make it a point to try it!
5	I know this place has been here a while because I have been going here since I was a kid. There are other Waldo's locations in Arizona but this it the one to go to. It has been around the longest and you just can't get that smoky flavor at any other location.I know my BBQ and this is hands down the best BBQ in the state!!! The super sampler is HUGE and probably enough for two people but when I am here, I just don't want to share. Their baby back ribs fall off the bone and have an unmatched flavor. With the super sampler you get a 1/4 slab of baby back and your choice of 3 meets. I always go with the brisket, pulled pork, and turkey. The brisket was perfect with very little fat. The pulled pork was amazing! It was moist, tender, and fell apart in my mouth. The turkey was about the same, moist and falling apart in my mouth. Their meet makes it easy for me to except getting old because I know that even if I lost all my teeth I could still eat here. Luckily  I should still have about 50 years before I have to worry about that. I almost forgot to mention the sides you get with that meal....they are unlimited!!!! The fried corn on the cobb and okra was just what I needed to complete the meal. That is just a little about the food, because you honestly need to taste it to believe it. My buddy and I went there at 1230 for lunch and the service was great. We were seated quickly and our food was out in just a couple of minutes. The jalapeno  corn bread (which is free) was gone in seconds after hitting our table. Our mason jars of tea and water were refilled faster then we could drink them. This may not be the fanciest BBQ place in town or the "hippest" right now, but this is the BEST BBQ in Arizona. I lived in Texas, have family from Missouri, and visit Georgia and this is the best. If you were blindfolded and tasting BBQ from the top 5 places for BBQ in Arizona, the food at this location would win.Everything was just amazing!!!!!!!! Thank you Waldo's!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Waldo's is by far the best BBQ in the greater Phoenix area. Everything about this place is great from the decor the staff and of course the food. They serve drinks in mason jars and cornbread with every meal. I have been here umpteen times and always excellent service and food. I always have sampler or if very hungry add half slab of ribs. The brisket is to die for. If you are in the neighborhood stop by 5pm is packed. Great value and even better food.
5	BEST BBQ EVERRRRRR!!!!!! It's without a doubt the best bbq I have ever had! The baby back ribs are the best but the pulled chicken is very smoky and tasty too! The barbecue sauce is tangy and smoky and has such a unique flavor! The onion rings are huge and crispy. And the RANCH is so freakin good. It's a great family place with huge portions in a relaxed atmosphere. The prices are reasonable especially since you get unlimited sides. It's a hidden mesa gem and my favorite bbq place ever!
3	Not a very good place if you are in a wheelchair.  No ramp and a lip to get over.  Food is good and people are cool.
5	We went here recently as I have read the great reviews. They were NOT kidding! We started out with a haystack of onion rings. (I saw a picture and needed to try them) These onion rings were HUGE! The picture did not do it justice- we ended up taking most of them home.)  I ordered a pulled pork sandwhich and hubby ordered a 3 meat sampler. All of it delicious! BBQ sauce on the side, which was nice. Huge mason jars for drinks, which was great for us, and probably for the servers as well. Highly recommend this place- food came out fast (probably due to it being BBQ and precooked? but isn't that what BBQ is?) Refills on sides, even though we didn't get any since we were stuffed by the onion rings and meals, but nice to know we could have gotten more. A plus in my book!
4	i love the food its all delicious, i have no complaints about that. every time i come i'm welcomed with kindness by both young ladies that host upfront. there is one gentleman that always gives an attitude for some reason and its every time i go. over all the food is great!!
4	Hungary? Like PORK BBQ? You will LOVE this place!I have been going to this particular Waldo's since I believe the early 1980's. Nothing bugs me more than to pay good money for a meal, leave a restaurant and then have to eat a snack! You will not have that problem here!The food is very tasty and plentiful. Drinks come in large Mason jars.  A regular meal is served with two "all you can eat" sides. My family usually consumes a variety of sides such as fried okra, sweet potato fry's, spicy fry's and corn on the cob. The list goes on... You do not have to rely on the sides to fill up. The meat portion is VERY generous. We always get the pork riblets. I don't know about the actual weight of the riblets but I would guess around a pound. The bones are small and as a result it is mostly meat with little fat!  This would be a 5 star rating except for one thing: Years ago Waldo's served a VERY tasty cornbread. However, what is served now is awful! It is dry and devoid of flavor.They are aware of customer complaints but have turned a def ear for years now.
5	Holy crap. @-@ This place is the bomb of all BBQ places. Kick butt. Ribs. Plus the signature BBQ sauce. Food heaven is real. And it's here at this place.
5	My only issue is deciding what I like best. They have real honest sweet tea. The meats are smoked and you add the sauces. I love the hot spicy BBQ in moderation.
1	Took 45 mins to get our food (and it wasn't even busy at all).The only thing the waitress had to say was that the cook probably just lost my order (like no big deal).The waitress suggested the wet ribs, but forgot and she brought me dry ones instead.  She also totally messed up my wife's order as well.Not sure if this is their usual way of treating customers, but it was our first time...and definitely our last.  I can deal with the mistakes, but not the bad service or poor attitude displayed by staff.
1	Walked in to Waldo's today and was seated. Waitress brought out the wrapped silverware and placed it on the table,  and a roach comes flying out of one of the wrapped utensils.... Not a good 1st impression.
5	Feeling kind of silly now!  I drove past this place for three years and dismissed it because it looked like a total dive from the outside.  On a whim we put our son in his stroller and walked there, yes I live really close.  It was the best barbecue I have had in this state!  Definitely beats any chain in any state!  Ribs are huge and fall off the bond good!  Brisket was awesome.  My one year old even ate the ribs!  Loved the sweet potato chips! What can I say, I am in love with this place.  You will pay comparable to rudy's but they have endless sides here!  And they don't skimp on anything! Worth it!
4	I'm normally not a BBQ fan but when I have the craving this is definitely the place that hits the spot! I enjoy their $8 regular sandwiches with an unlimited side. YES- UNLIMITED side! I normally like the mac and cheese or sweet potato fries but there is a lot to choose from. The decor is great with witty signs and the choice of a huge booth or longer tables. They work great with big groups and the service is always wonderful. Make sure to get a punch card!
4	I am a big fan of Waldo's express, so it was exciting to go to the original restaurant. The food was just as good, but a bit more pricey, which is understandable since its a sit down rather than a drive through. The decor is hilarious, you can spend your entire meal reading all of the signs on the walls. The service was pretty good too! The first booth they put us in was REALLY uncomfortable, but they were totally fine with switching us to a table. We will be back!
5	Full disclaimer: I am from Vancouver, and as such am not a barbecue authority. You want to talk sushi or seafood or salads, we can do that, but barbecue is a rare treat for me.What I do know is good food and service, and Waldo's has good food and service. Right when you walk in, the smell gets you. It's like being embraced by a warm smoky hug. Next, thr friendly staff show you to your table, ask what you'd like to drink, and they never stop being nice throughout your entire visit. Anything you need, they will do their best to make it happen.Husband and I each ordered a sample platter to try a little of everything. Did not disappoint, would order again. The meat was so flavourful. The texture was excellent - not too fatty, not too dry. That bbq sauce had a nice vinegar-y tang.The sample platter comes with unlimited sides but we were way too full to order more.If I lived here full time, I'd be in big trouble. Absolutely 100% recommemded.
1	Stinks when they sit you in the back near the bathrooms. Sat near a couple that was getting up and coming to our table to view the memorabilia on the walls. It was very rude and we left early due to being uncomfortable.
5	I licked my fingers for 3 days after eating their ribs.
