5	Dr. Lee does excellent work and he and the staff are very friendly and professional.  The best dental care I have ever received and I have lived all over the country and grew up at the dentist with my bad teeth.  They work very well with children also.
5	This is hands down the best dentists office. The staff is friendly and treats you like a friend. They call the day before for reminder visits. They are always willing to see a new person. Dr Lee is amazing! He is always upbeat and truly loves what he does. The hygienists are also very good.
5	I really love this office!  I moved to Mesa about a year ago, but I make my way out to Goodyear because they are so great!  Frida, at the front desk, is soooo nice.
5	They front desk staff is really friendly and understanding, I was two minutes late and didn't have the new patient paperwork.  I was taken back right away by Debbie, she looked over my paperwork and asked if i had any concerns.  Throughout the procedure she was very good about talking to me and letting me know how much longer I had, and she paid attention to my body signals (pain).  The biggest thing to me is that Debbie remembered that I was a human who needs to swallow!  She would give me swallow breaks and she was very good at placing the sucker thing to get ride of the extra spit. At the end the doc came in and talked to me for a little bit got to know me checked out my teeth and I was done.  I also got free toothbrush, floss, toothpaste, and mouth wash.
5	This office is BY FAR the BEST dental office in the west valley! The dentists are very knowledgable, professional, and I am beyond pleased with the work I've had done at Wigwam Creek Dental Care! I have had some truly awful experiences at other dental offices in the area, and there is no question that I have found the best! The front office staff and dental hygienists couldn't be more helpful, competent, or friendly, too! KUDOS to Wigwam Creek Dental Care! I have already recommended them to others and my first appointment was only two days ago (they were able to squeeze me in for some filling work before I headed out of town this morning, too...AMAZING)!
5	I've been going to this dental office since it opened around 2002. I have always gotten great care, am never made to wait too long and they can always squeeze me in if there is an emergency. As mentioned by many other, the front office staff is exceedingly friendly and always make me feel welcome. I wouldn't go anywhere else!
