2	8.3.08: Scandalous! "We be living in the world of scandalous, can you handle this can you imagine this?"All you Can Eat?!? That's what they said but is that what they did? I give stars for the miso soup and the rolls. It was pretty decent. A wide range of nigiri and rolls thats was satisfying. BUT here's the thing. They give you one hour to eat and when they feel you're eating too much, well they make you wait for your next order until your time is up. We kept asking the lady about our order and apparently I guess we were ordering too much and so on our "last" order we waited 20 minutes and when she came back with it she stated we can't order anymore because time has been up. WHAT? SCANDALOUS! 20 minutes for sushi? The funny thing about it was that was our smallest order that only had 3 orders of nigiri and 2 order of rolls. So sad..So sad..$29 for 40 minutes..Not an hour!
2	Okay a simple review.1. had the all you can eat sushi for dinner2. sushi selection was mediocre3. the fish to rice ratio was decnt4. fish was decent in term of freshness5. taste i give it a 5 out of 106. nothing home to write about except service was decent and miso soup was good7. will i go back again no thanks, for an all you can eat special it was pricey and tasteless
1	Well let me tell you, you are better not eating at all than going to this place. The service first of all was terrible. Waited over 45 min for them to take order from around the table. Salad came before the soup. The grill chef had a personality of the grill top it's self and I have seen a better show of reruns of Godzilla. Where it gets better (i DO NOT THINK SO) was I made the vital mistake of ordering a order of yellow tail and salmon sushi. Man did I get sick the last two days so bad that I could not travel back home this past Wednesday as I was scheduled and barley made it yesterday. Stay VERY FAR AWAY from this place and the chain.
4	This Hamada restaurant was here more than 10 years, to my suprise, it still looks great. The decor in the restaurant is a big plus. 2 huge fish tank on each side at the entrance and bamboo garden in the dinning area, very impressive. The price is a bit high, but you pay for what you have. The cooking method is very traditional, the tempura is the best I ever had.
