4	Let me preface this review by pointing out that at Nikas, I can feed four adults for under $30. 6 pork souvlakis, 3 large fries and 3 drinks. To go, this is one of the cheapest ways to order in without having to turn to some chain restaurant.The souvlakis are great and they add plenty of tadzhiki into each one. You could order gyros in place of pork if you like, but personally, pork is the way to go. Fresh tomatoes, lots of onions and hey, if you want more just ask. The people at Nikas are very friendly and accommodating.The fries are meh. I prefer less soggy fries, but the rest of my household gobbles them up, happily. We've only dined in the restaurant a few times, but we prefer takeout. The restaurant is clean and the waiters are nice, but the menu is different for dine in, not pricey by any means, and you get the same quality food. When dining in, order the Greek potatoes instead of the fries,
3	This place made me really skeptical because of all the questionable reviews about it. But being in the mood for wine and Greek food, we went for it last night.I really liked it. And I'm surprised it doesn't have more reviews. The place is really cute, and nearby. Inside is basic decor but cozy. The server was really nice, and it was BYOW so we brought two wine bottles. We had the mixed appetizers to start, and then I had the lamb platter, and my gf had the calamari platter. Everything was really good. Not STUNNING. But just good, nice food. Only complaint is they brought out the main course while we were still eating our appetizer, which meant it wasn't optimal heat. But that wasn't a big issue.Really happy to know this place is nearby, and next time we want wine and Greek food, that's where we'll go.Definitely not something to cross town over, but if you live in area, totally.Prices are very reasonable too. About $20-$30 per person, tip included.
4	This restaurant had delicious food at reasonable prices. You can bring your own wine and enjoy their many appetizers while sitting in the terraced area. Great neighbourhood family restaurant.
4	Review update, from 3 to 4 stars. I came here in January, on a freezing horrid night, and had a nice experience, not great, but pretty good. It's BYOW and the food wasn't so bad. However, we returned again last night, on a bustling summer night, and everything was like last time, yet improved. Slightly friendlier service, and the food was SO good. Much tastier than last time. Everything just seemed fresher. And we had a really good night.Basically, Villa Souvlaki and this place will now be my go-to Greek spots. Villa because the food is phenomenal (slightly better for me - my wife kind of leans otherwise?), or Nikas because it's BYOW and for a different sort of evening - plus they deliver, and stay open later.
4	Just came here for lunch. And yep, I can confirm, this is a 4 star place. Excellent food and service and sitting environment, and a little cheaper than Villa du Souvlaki, and less restricted (offer delivery, BYOW, open longer/earlier, etc).This place has transformed itself from my initial impressions. I am a huge fan now. Anyone with past negative experiences, I recommend trying it again.
4	I have to update again, sorry. But I just ordered delivery from here. A plate (Greek salad, fries, rice) with two chicken souvlakis, and a tatziki. Granted, I live just 5 blocks down the road, the food was ON my plate at home 14min from the time that I called, and it cost $23. Fastest delivery to date by far. I love this place even more now.
