5	Has been a family favorite. Many years ago my car had some damage from someone backing into it in a parking lot. I ran around to 9 different auto body shops and after talking with everyone I picked this place. They were not the cheapest or the most expensive. What I liked was that they were going to do the job right. My back corner panel needed to be repainted. They had my rear backseat window removed to make sure I wouldn't have any paint peeling years later.Last month I was involved in an accident from someone rearending me on the freeway.  Right away I knew where I wanted to take it.  My car is there now and when I get it back I will be adding some pictures.  They are honest and do a great job.  I have recommended this place to many people they are always happy.  Highly recommend Stuttgart Southwest if you are ever in need of auto body repair.
5	Jack, is the owner. He's always done great work for me at a great price. I took my car to Scottsdale Porsche once and wasn't happy with the service. Came here and got great service. He also wont do work that doesn't need to be done. He is usually super busy though, I had to wait about a week to get in.  I wont go anywhere else!
5	I've done business with Jack at Stuttgart Southwest since 1998. During that time, he's had many opportunities to cheat me out of thousands of dollars. Never. Happened. I'd be expecting... an engine rebuild. And get a call from a very cheery Jack, telling me the "Good news! It's only a... [insert weird German part here]." Order of magnitude less expensive. Honesty, in this case, is worth tens of thousands of dollars.I can and frequently do work on my own cars, but when it's over my head, or I have no time, they go to Jack.Now, on to the body shop. Phil is the manager there, and he's magical. Bent and broken things wind up coming out better than they were when they went in. People take their high end Porsches and Mercedes and classic cars (one was a pro baseball player's pride and joy) to him for *restoration* and *modification* - not just collision repair - and that is a HUGE difference from the run of the mill "fender knocker" place.If you have a vehicle of ANY make or model, and you really care that the vehicle gets fixed RIGHT, this is the place.Stop by his shop (always some nice cars), and see the wall full of Christmas cards from decades of customers who appreciate Jack's service, and consider him a friend.
5	Quality work and quality service. Jack's shop recently upgraded my IMS bearing on my 996, along with a new clutch,RMS, and spark plug cable tubes. I was very happy with the service and the fact I was able to stop by and see everything apart. I also think Jack is as concerned about how much you are spending on your project as you are.I will be one of Stuttgart Southwest's repeat customers from now on.
5	I cannot say enough wonderful things about Stuttgart. I have known Jack for over 10 years now and can wholeheartedly say he has to be one of the kindest and most honest people I have ever met. Another post above stated it well saying that he cares about the cost almost as much as the customer does. I have always felt that as well. His fees are always less than the dealership and always higher quality and workmanship. In a car repair world where you rarely trust the mechanic this is truly the opposite of that.  Jack is the best. Actually my car is currently in his body shop which Phil runs, I have no doubt my care will be stellar. I only wish there was a 6 star option in this yelp review. Thank you Jack for your years of service and friendship.
