5	Great company! Service rate was reasonable and service was excellent.
5	Mike is honest and dependable.  He showed up early and fixed my door fast.  I thought the door needed to be replaced, but he explained that he could repair it for now, didn't need replacing yet.  He also explained the problem thoroughly, and made some other adjustments.  Good deal, glad I didn't try to fix it on my own!
5	Funny,as I found him here on Yelp and Angie's list. He was prompt and very knowledgeable,granted it was just for a basic service/tune-up for first visit,as I just moved into this house and wasn't sure when the garage door was last serviced. Found out the spring were starting to fail-life span for most springs are 10-12yrs, it was due and had him changed the roller wheels too.  He  is honest and now my garage rolls quietly when it opens and closes...  I will have no hesitation on calling Mike to come back and do the work. Highly recommended!
5	I had Mike Newman from RX Garage Door out to my home to help out with an extremely loud garage door.  He suggested new nylon rollers and performed some other routine maintenance/tune-ups.  Within around 30 minutes the garage door was operating at a much much more livable sound level.  I thought it was going to cost several hundred dollars in new equipment to fix the problem but Mike charged me next to nothing!  I found him RX Garage Door to be extremely friendly, efficient and trustworthy.  I would absolutely recommend their services to anyone else in the future.Dennis Z.
5	I called RX Garage Door as we had noticed our garage door seemed to be getting a little louder when opening and decided maybe we should have it checked out. I talked with Mike on the phone and he said he would come out for no charge and check out the door for us. He and his apprentice basically checked out the operation and function of the door in all aspects and explained to my wife and daughter about safe operations of the door and shared other pertinent information. Imagine our disbelief when he said the door and operation were basically perfect, that I had superior springs and a well functioning Lift Master belt drive garage door opener. In fact, he said the extra noise appeared to be simply a combination of some lubrication and old worn out rollers, but that doors in general do make a bit of noise. He replaced our rollers and lubricated the door and it was definitely a pleasant sound to our ears. Give Mike a call - he is honest, dependable and will let you know all your options. Should we need his services we will use him in the future. Thanks Mike!
5	Ok Mile is amazing. Fast. Reliable. Honest. My garage door had been broken for over a week. I had two other companies I found on Google come out and give me quotes.  One never followed up with the quote.  The other quoted a whole new door etc. When I called RX. He came over immediately, diagnosed and fixed the court in under one hour!  Payment was easy and convenient. I would recomend this company to anyn. So hard to find this level of service in Vegas valley. He even came back a couP of days later to check the repairs
5	Honest and fast service. Called him and he was able to come to my home within the hour and fix our garage. Highly recommended!!!!! Thanks for the help. :)
5	Mike is extremely professional, detailed, honest, and quick. Provided same day service on my broken spring and the garage door works beautifully now. He gave accurate estimates and described everything that he did to the garage. He also took a look the secondary garage door and made honest suggestions without any additional charge. He has followed up with me on how the door is working and has just been outstanding through the whole process. Thanks, Mike!
5	We received prompt, courteous, and professional service from Mike when he replaced the spring on our garage door.  If we should need garage door repair in the future, we won't hesitate to call him again!
5	Mike was on time and professional.  He explained the process and answered all of my questions.  RX Garage Door was the 3rd company to give me an estimate and it was by far the best quote.  We discussed the recommendations from other companies which were substandard to his solutions.  SInce I am a math geek, we went over the mechanics of the springs and discussed his plan.  Professional and fair are words to describe this company.  We will use RX for all our door needs.
5	Mike was available on a Sunday, which of course was the day our garage door broke. We called Garage Rx and Mike came right over. He didn't have a part with him to fix the door immediately, but he diagnosed the problem, made sure the door was closed, and promised to be back 1st thing Monday am to finish the job. Mike was right on time, replaced both springs in a very timely matter, and was very reasonable with his pricing. I would absolutely recommend Mike to anyone with a garage door issue. Thanks Mike! Door is working like new!
5	I found an excellent review on Yelp and called for an estimate (July).  He was very detailed, thorough and gave the pros and cons of the different types of garage motors.  Because I was calling months before our home would be completed, he emailed me a quote and told me he'd only need a 24 hour notice to install.Our home builder offered to install the garage for $500 with no exact details of what it included and what type of motor they were going to install.  I also called another company for a quote and was rushed through the conversation spitting out the specs and price.  The week of Thanksgiving, I called Mike to check availability for the following week.  I didn't expect anyone to be working over Thanksgiving.  Surprisingly, he volunteered to come on Wednesday (day before Thanksgiving).  He texted 30 minutes before arrival just making sure I would be home and arrived on time.  There were some installation issues due to the HOME BUILDER, nothing to do with Mike's work/installation/product.  He asked to come back on Friday to try to remedy the situation and did so as promised.  The Home Builder left dead wires (no power) where the interior open/close button should go so Mike installed the open/close button on the exterior of the wall (inside the garage) and made it very clear that he would come back once the Home Builder fixed the wiring issue.  Once installed, Mike went through the emergency open/close, the interior open/close button, the exterior key pad to open/close the garage, the fobs that you can keep in your car, the reset button and lights on the actual motor, safety, etc. etc. Needless to say it was the most thorough instructions of a garage motor/door and felt highly satisfied with his services. My car is the only car that has the ability to program a garage opener in my rear-view mirror so he instructed me to order a $7 repeater in order for this function to work.  Because it had to be mailed to me, he also promised to come back yet again to program this for me.  I should also add that we liked the feature of being able to open/close the garage door from an app on our iPhones and also know when the garage door is open/closed so he installed the appropriate thing to do that at an additional cost.  We appreciated him keeping up with technology and being able to offer those services to us.Our garage has been working excellently and we are highly satisfied with our purchase and Mike's service.  He has been highly responsive to my phone calls for setting up the additional appointments to complete the installation.  I highly recommend Mike for your garage door/motor needs.
5	I had a new door opener installed less than a year ago. This opener would malfunction all the time and the company who installed it (and charged me over $800) would come by the first few times the unit would stop working until they finally gave up, saying I had to call Liftmaster. I did and they sent me a new logic board. I called another installer this time. They installed the logic board. The unit worked for a while, but then began malfunctioning again, giving error codes, etc.  I considered buying a new unit from HomeDepot and installing it myself - figured with the luck I had so far I might as well. Before doing that, I gave the internet search for reputable companies one last shot and was in luck to find Mike. He sounded genuinely interested in fixing the problem.The wrong type of springs caused the breakdown of the old unit, as it turns out, but no company saw this as a problem. Mike did. He replaced the springs to match the garage door weight. Then, of course, another logic board was required. It took me  over 1.5 hour on the phone and lots of convincing to do before Liftmaster finally agreed to sent yet another logic board.... The wrong part arrived in a week! Mike took the initiative to call Liftmaster himself and got them to send me the whole unit - brand new (the old one was still under warranty). The garage door finally works - finally! after a year long frustration with this door opener. It's quite and smooth. I'll take that as my Christmas present and I'll ask for no more :)
5	Mike was as good as it gets-  courteous, proficient, and prompt. He gave me a very reasonable quote up front and was true to his word when the job was completed. He was very thorough when discussing all the repairs and new functions for my garage door opener. Great professionalism & service, I would never consider anyone else for garage repairs!
1	Did not return our call.  We waited 2 hours before we called someone else.  After 10 hours still haven't heard from him.  I guess he has enough business and doesn't need ours.
5	My husband and I came home on Saturday and our garage door would only go up 2 inches and then it stopped.  When my husband checked online to see what it could be, it was a broken spring.  I thought we would have to wait until Monday to call someone but when I checked Yelp I saw the RX Garage had 5 stars and was open 7 days a week with no additional charge to come on Sunday.We had David come and he did a great job replacing the springs and we also had a belt issue with the other garage door.  He fixed everything.We were happy with the service and with the cost.They were so fair that Mike the owner called and said he accidentally over-charged us by $3 and he was going to send it to us.  I asked him to just give it to David as a tip.
5	Mike serviced the garage doors in two of our homes last year, and I was more than pleased with his service. He put in new rollers and adjusted the doors and everything was working great.Then this week the garage door got moody. Sometimes it would work ok or almost, and at other times it was as dead as a doornail. I called Mike because of my earlier great experience with him. And sure enough he came over very quickly and found some wires were loose. He fixed it all and didn't charge me a cent. He even promised to come out and change the wall unit free if there was any more trouble.I can't believe that there is service like this available in Las Vegas! If your garage door needs some TLC this is the guy to call!
5	I called Mike Newman from RX Garage Door Service again since he did such a wonderful job last time.  This time he installed an entirely new opener.  Mike arrived on time, worked extremely quickly and efficiently and had the new equipment installed in just a couple of hours.  I was extremely happy with the equipment and still cannot get over how quiet the new opener is.  My old, loud garage door would drive me crazy and now it can barely be heard.  My daughter will be coming home from school by herself next year so we opted for a unit with some smart technology.  Mike patiently explained how to work all the bells and whistles and how we could remotely monitor if the door is opened or not and how we could open it from our phone!I would 100% recommend RX Garage Door Services to anyone in need!
5	Fast, Friendly, and honestI highly recommend Rx Garage Door. The man that fixed our garage was knowledgable, very thorough, and upfront about the cost and job to be done. He even adjusted our 2nd garage door at no extra cost. I was able to pay with my credit card and got a copy of the invoice emailed to me promptly. A+ company!
5	Mike is great to work with!!  He did an awesome job at a good price.  He is incredibly courteous, extremely punctual, and very knowledgeable.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I had an issue with my garage door not closing properly, so I called RX.  The owner came out and had a look at it.  After he determined that I needed a replacement part that was still under warranty, he advised me to call Lift Master directly, and didn't charge me for his time.  He even told me it was easy enough I could probably do the work myself (though if I cant I'll certainly call back).  You cannot put a price on that kind of honesty.  I would recommend this company to anyone.
5	My garage had broken spring.  I saw Rx garage door service has many good reviews including the one without star.I contacted this company via texting with a picture of my garage problems.  Mike was honest, professional, quick, and reliable.  He said he replaced my one broken spring with two springs (safety issue) that have 15k-18k life cycles/springIn addition to fix those two problems, he checked and adjusted the rails to make sure my garage working properly.  He also reattached the bottom part of my garage door that had been separated on the right side for a long time.  He programmed a remote available from my car and replace my failed garage remote with a new one.  He did more than what I expected within an hour. After four months, my garage door is still working great. I will contact him again.
5	Mike came out on short notice on a Sunday to help finish the installation of our new garage door opener. He got it working, installed the switches and all for a very reasonable price.  We had our springs replaced several months ago by another company and Mike made some adjustments today to get it working right. Thank you Mike. I will highly recommend your company.
5	Arrived to my home with 45 minutes of calling to fix my broken garage spring. Was super friendly and professional. Would highly recommend Mike to anyone!
5	Awesome service.  Showed up early.  Analyzed what needed to be done.  Since I'm an out of town owner with a renter in the house, he could of charged a lot more.  Instead, he was honest, fixed the problem for a very reasonable price.  I highly recommend this service!  If I lived in the area, I'd give everyone I know his card.
5	What a wonderful and professional experience. My garage tension needed adjusting as my head plate was being driven into the wall (14 year old parts) and my remotes needed recalibrating. Mike came out within an hour of receiving my phone call. He assessed all the components, did a spring coil check, and got my garage door opening and closing right where it should. He even recommended a very affordable upgrade for when I decide to switch to a more quiet belt system and offered to help install it if I needed it. The most professional service I've had through Yelp!
5	My garage door had been very unsteady for a couple of days.  Finally, it gave out and got stuck.  The wheels came off track and the spring collapsed.  This all happened at 7pm on Saturday night.  I went online and read the reviews for RX Garage Door.  I left a message to Mike, and he called back within 5 minutes.   15 minutes later, he was already at the house.  He was professional and communicated the problem very well.  Prices are fair, and he won't try to create more of a problem.  His worked efficiently and cleaned up everything when he left.  I would recommend him to anyone that has a problem with their garage.
5	Rx Garage is top notch, Mike is as good as it gets.  i highly recommend Rx. Great service, knowledgeable and dependable.
5	Mike is it hard-working and very fair guy.    He came out and repair the garage door within four hours of my first contact of him and did a wonderful job.   After he left we even had some other problems that creeped up Mike was more than happy to come back to our house the next day and fix secondary problems free of charge.   I highly recommend his services he is fair and his price was very reasonable.   Absolutely no upsell what he says when he quotes you is what he charges you! I will use him again in the future for sure!
5	I called and Mike, the owner, answered the phone. Explained my issue and asked if he could come tomorrow. He said I'm around the corner, I can come now. I said ok with complete surprise. Not 10 minutes later he showed up, assessed the issue, moved a lot of stuff to find the parts that came out of the belt of the opener. In 30 minutes he fixed the belt made some other repairs and charged me a nominal fee even though he did more than he originally anticipated. When I offered to pay he said a review was worth the little extra he would have charged.DONE. I will definitely refer him to everyone I know and will use him again if/when I need service for the garage door! Thank you!
5	In the morning and Mike was there a couple of hours later.  He came right on time.  Did his work fast and was super friendly.  Made a fair assessment of what needed to be done and charged a fair price. Will be referring him to others and using him again if needed.  Great service!  This is how all businesses should be.
5	Mike, the owner, was great!  He was very pleasant and came out right away even though it was near the end of the day!  He was very knowledgable about garage doors, and for the things he didn't know the answers to, found them out the next day and followed up immediately.  Great service and would definitely call him again!
5	Amazing service and follow up! I e-mailed Mike at RX Garage Door Service and within minutes he called me to follow up. He showed up on time as promised and was very professional. I had requested just an opener install, but he also noticed some damage to my garage door rail/track that had occurred a few months prior and he gladly adjusted everything to perfect working order. Extremely knowledgeable, with a professional appearance and fantastic attitude! i will be recommending him to all my friends and family.
5	Michael is so nice to repair our garage. He did really a good job and you can feel that he is  concern regarding your safety. He will tell you what you really need and will give you a good quote. We are so thankful to find him here over at yelp... We surely refer him to our friends....
5	My 15 year old screw drive garage door opener must have been on last strand of life & would not open more than a few inches.  I have had other companies do repairs to it in past but elected this time to choose RX because of all the positive reviews.  I was happy to find out that I too would be another very happy customer.  Mike responded quickly with huge smile on his face.  He was out same day within a few hours & offered me several options for remedy of the problem.  I appreciated that he wasn't trying to force me into a sale yet my ultimate decision was to go ahead & replace my old opener unit.  He explained thoroughly how everything should work and the experience was very positive.  I think that it is mostly due to Mike's very honest, upbeat & pleasant personality!  Thank you Mike for helping me out!
