3	Located in a new shopping center in NW Phoenix.  I had the Blimpie Best Combo and the food was good, staff was fast and friendly... overall it was a good lunch.
3	For lunch time during the week,.this place is not busy. I ordered the turkey and provolone. She wasn't skimpy on the toppings like some other sub shops(Subway)! Overall a tasty and filling lunch.
5	just got my catering order from this Blimpie for 1 st time for super bowl weekend. They customized everything according to my needs. They even offered extra sides. Will definetly order again...found my fav sub shop! No more subway! Blimpie is the way to go! The best part is that they give it a personal touch by going out of their way to make sure they make the customer happy.
1	Employee brought out bathroom cleaning supplies with toilet brush-placed in visible sink washed hands and asked me what I would like to order.  I said nothing and walked out.  Called manager over 6 weeks ago to discuss the idea of bringing toilet brushes in the food area and I haven't heard back from them.
1	If I could rate 0 stars, I would.  I don't eat sandwiches as often as I'd like since bread is not technically part of a healthy lifestyle for me.  However, we were getting ready for vacation, things were hectic and I didn't really care!  Although my first preference for subs is Jersey Mikes, Which Wich & even Subway on occasion; I've had Blimpie in the past and have had good experiences.  They are just not conveniently located where I'm at most of the time and I do prefer the ones mentioned above in that order.  It had been awhile since I had one & my husband picked it up for me since it was in the area he was running an errand.  Let me say that I am completely appalled that I had to pay ANY money for what I received let alone $6.  I had a 12 in club sub. I'd rather pay $6 for a 6 inch sub that was higher quality.  One very, thinner than paper, layer of each: turkey, ham, & cheese.  Completely disgusted & not at all satisfying.  If I wanted only a bread and veggies sub, I would go to Subway & order their veggie sub, much more satisfying.  But in a time where I'm following an eating plan that is all about protein, I've become a protein lover.  However, even a non meat lover would expect more than what I received!  From now on I will stick with the other previously mentioned places when I want to "treat" myself to a sandwich w/ bread! See picture of just how pathetic my sub was!
1	I read good reviews online for gluten free options at Blimpie.  My kids wanted sandwiches, so I thought I'd try it.  The employees didn't seem to know what was gluten free and what wasn't.  The menu only listed two salad options - the pictures didn't match the list.  I asked for what was in the picture, she made me something else, when I told her, she got angry and whispered something to the other employee and took my salad in the back.  She made another one, still not what I asked for.  It was $6 and totally unsatisfying.  The dressing came in cups, so no way to check if it was gluten free.  I thought her attitude would get worse if I asked her to change her gloves or wipe down the meat slicer.  I am not giving blimpie my money, even for my kids.
