4	Usually don't like going for oil changes as i just want the "basic oil change",and not trying  to sell me on other things.,I can do basic filters,wipers etc on my own at a much more reasonable cost.This place was different.I was told by the friendly and professional manager [Patrick White] only of things to keep an eye on.As Heathers review indicates, fluids were topped ,interior vacuumed.windows washed and I too was in and out in 15 minutes.All for 29.95,the early bird special price [before 10am]..A painless experience and I too will be back.
4	I don't like getting oil changes. In fact, I avoid them. Not because I don't want to pay for them. Not because I am irresponsible. No. It is because I hate the whole spiel they have to give me about selling me all the other stuff and services even when I tell them no ahead of time.That part aside, I had a fantastic experience with this location. I dropped my car off, walked the block down the road, saw a client in their home, walked back and my car was done. Seeing as I dropped my car off before 10 am (Early bird special is from 7-10 am), I saved an additional 10 dollars. They vacuumed my interior and washed my windows better than the homeless guys on the corners. Yes. I shall be back and it will be before 10 am. Just please, stop trying to up-sell me. My little car doesn't need all that nonsense when it is slated for a trip to the junkyard/big sleep in the near future.
4	Have had my oil changed here for the last couple of years..Continues to be friendly,speedy, and professional with little "up sell" pressure..Melissa has been especially accomodating and helpful..
1	DO NOT GO HERE! Had my oil changed on 12/2/14. As I left the lot I pulled out onto University Ave and my car immediately died. I turned around and headed back to Jiffy Lube to see what the problem could be as my car was fine prior to the oil change. They took my car and "said" they ran a complete diagnostic test and said that my spark plugs needed to be changed and that my battery was bad. They immediately said "we have a guy, would you like us to call him?" I felt like I was being scammed, how can my car be completely fine prior to the oil change and then after the oil change I now need new spark plugs and possibly a new battery? I declined their offer to "call their guy" and decided to take the chance and drive home. Once home, i took my car to my local garage, which I should have done in the first place, and they informed me that Jiffy Lube failed to put the air filter on correctly after they changed my oil. Considering all Jiffy Lube does is change oil, I feel placing the air filter on correctly is something they do in their sleep. So, the so called diagnostic test that they ran was probably a load of BS and all they wanted to do was scam me into having "their guy" fix my unbroken car, which probably would have cost me an arm and leg. Shame on you Jiffy Lube! Just remember, someone is more likely to share a bad customer service experience than a good one, you can bet I will be sharing this bad one!
