5	I first learned about Dream Dinners when my friend Camie invited me to a private event there. To sign up, i had to go the Dream Dinners website, find the session/time, enter the "secret password" (ours was "mimosa" which was a good sign!) and then select the meals you want to make. A few observations/facts from my ordering experience:*You order in 3- or 6-serving increments *The minimum order is 36 servings*The average price per serving is somewhere between $3 and $6*Virtually every option had meat as a main ingredientGiven that I'm a fish-eating vegetarian and I don't have kids, I'm probably not squarely in the middle of Dream Dinners' target market. But Camie really wanted me to make it to the event and insisted that I give Laura, the owner, a call. So I did. She was very helpful and accommodating and told me that not only could I sub fish or shrimp for any of the meat or chicken options (although it might be an extra charge), but they also had soy strips available at no extra cost. Plus, she agreed to let me do an 18-serving trial. Sweet! There's nothing I love more than a business owner who will go that extra mile to earn my business. Well, the event itself was really fun. Mimosas were a-flowin' (they let the event host bring alcohol with no extra fee) and my sister, Abigail O, and I had a lot of fun assembling all of the ingredient bags. Making the calzone was also really fun! The facilities themselves were super clean and well air-conditioned, and it was just a great, easy experience. The staff was also on hand to help with any missing ingredients or answer questions. The other highlight of the event was showing Laura the features of Yelp for business owners. From the looks of the business listing, she's gone in and taken full advantage of them. I really respect business owners that will experiment with new ways to get customers and I welcome her to the Yelp community :)Oh, and you're probably wondering whether the food is good. I'm happy to report that the things I've tried so far have been good. Being totally obsessed with spicy, flavorful ethnic food, I don't think I'd have Dream Dinners every night, but the convenience, solid, dependable flavors and great service are definitely going to make it an option for me in my busy life!
5	I've been ordering from Dream Dinners every month for 6 months, and I absolutely love it.I work both a paying job and a passion job, so I don't have time to grocery shop and cook every night.  I was eating out waaaaay too much when a friend suggested trying out a place that does pre-made meals.  After a lot of research, I decided on Dream Dinners.There are a lot of things to love about the concept: *Time Saving* - I go in once a month and make 12-13 meals that feed 2-3 people (which means my boyfriend and I often have leftovers) in about an hour.  We're covered for most of the month with just an hour's worth of work!*Healthy* - I get to see all of the ingredients before I use them, so I know they're good quality.  Fresh veggies, real spices - no MSG or preservatives.  Better than frozen meals!  Also, all the nutrition information is available so I can watch my calories and sodium intake.*Customizable* - I have a food allergy, which is the main reason I went with a make-your-own meal service instead of pre-made.  I get to leave out what I can't eat or don't like.*Price* - Less than $6 per serving!  As cheap, or cheaper, than eating out.So, yeah, the concept is great.  But what about the execution?  Our biggest worry was that the food just wouldn't be good.*Quality* - As stated above, you see everything before it goes into the meal.  The veggies always look great and are fresh.  Cheese are good, not rubbery, even when they're reduced fat.  The proteins are almost always frozen, but they cook up well.  We particularly like the steaks, which always seem to come up tender and flavorful.  Spices are what I would use in my own kitchen. *Variety* - I love the variety, because it gets me eating things I otherwise wouldn't.  Each month, there are about 20 - 25 meals to choose from and they are never boring.  A couple different cuisines are represented - traditional american, asian, mexican, italian, greek etc.  They're not entirely authentic but that's understandable - they've got to keep the meals appealing to kids.  They always have some different protein options, so it's not all chicken dishes. *Flavor* - This varies by dish, of course.  We've had some really excellent ones (roasted red pepper steaks, chicken mirabella, french onion chicken, manicotti, and the calzone are our Top 5) and some pretty mediocre ones (a dish with fish and pasta springs to mind...) but overall they're more consistently good than dining out all the time.  Even when they aren't great, they still get eaten, and we don't have to tip anyone.*Service* - We LOVE the ladies that work at the Chandler location.  I can't speak for any of the others, but the people we've dealt with are wonderful.  Especially Katie - she remembers us and takes the time to have a conversation with us, which is really nice.To sum up a very long review:  If you don't have time to shop and cook, and want a better, healthier, tastier alternative to fast food dining, you just can't beat Dream Dinners!
5	I have been making meals at Dream Dinners on Ray Rd every month for almost a year now. The staff is very friendly. Katie & Laura always remember me. The work stations are very clean. It's great that you can alter the recipes to fit your taste. Don't like spice, than don't add it. Allergic to nuts, don't add them. I have never been disappointed in anything I have gotten from Dream Dinner.Friend had complained that all the Ziplock bags you assemble the food into was not environmentally friendly. I pointed out that because Dream Dinners buys everything in bulk (spices, dairy, sauces etc) there is less packaging waste. An even trade if you ask me.For a busy family on the go who want healthy, home cooked meals, this is the place.
5	I absolutely love this place!!! It saves so much time and money. And you get to eat different and delicious meals on a regular basis. There is so much variety. Everything has tasted amazing! Since everything is already prepped and portioned you don't have to go shopping for 20 different things like you normally would if you were to make one of these dishes on your own. The Thai Shrimp with Coconut Rice was so delicious! That one has been my favorite, but everything has been out of this world on flavor! I learned about this place from winning a door prize at an event I attended and I'm so glad I did. What a gem, and it was fun to make the dinners too.
5	Our family over the past two years have found that Dream Dinners can help provide meals completely ready to cook for the same cost as making it from scratch. Now that I am a divorced father I can really use the help with little time during the evening to make and buy everything. The staff at the Ahwatukee office are helpful, pleasant to work with and great at suggesting meals to make. I highly recommend them to anyone trying to make ends meet when you have no time to Cook.
5	I love this place! I go to the Ahwatukee center and it's only a couple of blocks from home. I was turned onto it by a friend at the Women's Networking event. I was a little hesitant, but liked the concept, so I signed up for an introductory plan. I was amazed at how clean, friendly and easy to do the whole thing was. I have been going for 2 months now. I usually buy 14 meals for 3 people. There is just my husband and I. Then because I like to cook myself, I fill in the other meals at home. It is a real timesaver. Who knew you could get food this good, that cooks this fast? Thanks Dream Dinners!
5	I was just introduced to Dream Dinners through a friend.  I just made my first meal and my family loved it.  My husband and I work full time and our boys are very involved in sports and activities so in order to cook dinner at home, we need something like Dream Dinners to provide a quick, healthy, tasty and economical option.  Dream Dinners provides a variety of options.  The Ray Rd location was very clean and the owner and staff were very friendly and helpful.
5	My first time at Dream Dinners, I had to try to reschedule, ending up I couldn't.  My sister w/ metastatic breast cancer that has spread all over was coming for a last minute visit for the day.  Katie, manager, offered to have them make all my meals at no charge to me before I could even finish my sentence of explaining why I was looking to reschedule.   Amazing customer service. Everyone on staff is so caring & loving.  I am truly pleased &they will forever have my business.  God Bless
