3	Did anyone know about this place? I totally thought it was a knock-off on Cold Stone, but I asked the person behind the counter which came first and Marble Slab did, supposedly WAY before (as the employee told me). The ice cream here was okay - nothing spectucular, but did the job. The one thing I did really like about this place in comparison to Cold Stone is that you can walk up, order your ice cream and have it in your hands within just a couple of minutes, unlike Cold Stone, where you have to go through a series of questions (like it?), singing, (yay! we got a tip!) and unnecessarily long "kneeding of the ice cream" processes before you can enjoy it. I had their dark chocolate mixed with butter pecan, the exact same thing I got at Cold Stone last week. I do have to say that Cold Stone was better, their dark chocolate tasted so rich that I almost couldn't finish it (I said ALMOST), whereas this "dark" chocolate tasted like a watered down version of the real thing. Overall, not a bad choice, but I'd probably look for a Cold Stone first.
4	Came in here last night for something sweet after a good meal.  Got a small ice cream in a waffle cone and it included one free mix in.  I ended up choosing tiramisu with Oreo cookies mixed.... of course it was awesome.  Their ice cream was very creamy and the service was fast (considering it was 40 degrees outside... no one else was getting ice cream but us crazies).It will be interesting, I bet this place gets crazy during the summer since it's right in Stonecrest and near the nice water fountain feature.
3	Who knew this existed? Initially thought this was a Cold Stone knock-off, but who cares as long as its ice cream and one craves it.Wife and I searched for ice cream on google maps after we saw a movie at the Regal cinemas across the street and we ended up at Marble Slab. Ordered the brownie sundae - it was yummy, but then again how can one screw up a simple brownie sundae? Ok, the bottom of the brownie was kinda hard/burnt, but I'll let that pass...I echo what another yelper commented - if there's a cold stone or baskin robbins around, I'll go there instead.
3	I had Marble Slab ice cream at work yesterday thanks to the fine folks at Bissell property management who sponsored an ice cream social for Ballantyne Corporate Park tenants.  Marble Slab Creamery at Stonecrest delivered pre-packaged cups of ice cream (they brought Chocolate, Vanilla, Strawberry, Butter Pecan, Birthday cake)  and set up tables so that you could mix in your own goodies.  I opted not to take the hot fudge or carmel sauce and skipped the toppings (they brought an assortment of  nuts, fruit, sprinkles, cookies, candies, and whipped cream).  The ice cream was sweet - but not overly so - and it was very creamy. The only disappoinment for me was that I actually like pecans in my Butter Pecan ice cream, but this had none. Next time, I think I'll go with one of the other flavors.
3	This Marble Slab Creamery is located in Stonecrest Shopping Center, towards the front of the development near JoJo's, Miro, Dean & Deluca, etc.  It's your standard ice cream shop.  It had a decent variety of flavors, along with some "Ice Cream Cupcakes" that I had never seen before.  Whole ice cream cakes in various sizes were also included in a stand-up freezer.  A few chairs and tables scattered about, but this is located near the plaza with plenty of outdoor seating near the big fountain, should weather permit.  On this visit, I decided to get one of the ice cream cupcakes to try later - it was fine.  I purchased a Birthday Cake milkshake along with that, which wasn't blended particularly well, so the first sips were just sweet milk, followed by clumps of ice cream.  Again, fine.  Nothing special.  The employees were nice enough.  I wasn't wowed, but wasn't expecting to be - it was A-OK.
4	I loved it!
4	Good ice cream shop. About $5/person, but I don't mind the price for good ice cream. My favorite are the waffle cones. Cinnamon ice cream is pretty good.  Lot of different toppings to choose from. There's also a pretty good atmosphere on the weekends with a live band outside.
4	A staple on the south side of the  Charlotte, NC ! This seasonal ice cream parlor has some really great options! They are rather proficient with getting everyone in and out on those hot summer days...
1	Prefer no Attitude with my Ice Cream.   Just went tonight and the same girl waited on my family.  No hello, no smile, no thank you and a lot of attitude in between.   Other cheaper options that are a lot friendlier!
1	While ice cream might be delicious, service was horrendous. We tried ordering "Child Creations" in a waffle bowl (for kids 12 and under), and the girl kept on saying "but it's a tiny scoop of ice cream...it's just a tiny scoop of ice cream...."  As parents we are aware of kids portions. sizing, but the way she was demanding us to get a bigger size was very condescending.
