5	Loved it!!! Same great service and selection as the original, The Whining Pig! Thanks, Greg!
5	Great opening!!!!From Winning Pig to this... Amazeballs!!! Love the Welcoming ambiance, just as their original Winning Pig!!!
5	Love this place. Great wine and beer, fun games, good music...and Shari at the bar! What could be better?
5	Went there Monday night...soft opening...It was packed. Great beer and wine selection. To top it off the bar tenders were awesome....Great service and a lot of fun.....Happy hour specials are perfect for that wine and beer lover....there were more of both then I ever seen....I am sure they will have your wine or beer of choice...go check it out
5	It's the best The Whining Pig has to offer, a great music playlist, plus it has more SPACE, draft beer, delicious grilled cheese sandwiches again MORE SPACE!!!!!
5	This place is too cool. Such a logical extension of the whining pig. Plus the vintage video games? Stellar. They deserve this success.
5	Great atmosphere! The fig, prosciutto and goat cheese grilled cheese was amazing. Great place for a date & night out with your friends. Definitely coming back...every week.
5	This place is awesome! Great vibe, great wine and.....there's grilled cheese!! Love it and will be back!
5	Oh Arcadia. Watch out. The Pigs are here! (That's what all the signs meant! They peppered the curbs of our neighborhood for days.) This is the sister location to the Whining Pig. An adorable wine and beer locale you will fall in love with. Seriously, install a pace maker now. You may go into cardiac arrest.The owners have pimped out this space with games from long ago. You can pony up to a table to try some retro arcade action. ("Space Invaders" anyone?) If old school is more your thing, board games abound. If you're really in a pinch Mr. Potato Head is readily available.Yes! There is a bike rack right up front and plenty of parking. (No valet!)This wonderful bar is tucked behind the BoSa Donuts in an unassuming strip. Don't drive too fast. The signage isn't flashy.Grilled cheese paninis are served for five bucks! The menu is rich sounding. The smell. Oh my god. The smell. When someone ordered that tonight...well, let's just say a few more orders were placed. There are a variety of grill cheeses to select from. This isn't standard white toast and yellow cheese.Happy HourThey aren't messing around. It happens often.Daily 3-8pmReverse (M-TH) 11pm-1amSunday all day (Seriously, ALL day)What happens during HH?The skies open and the seas part. I can't begin to describe the wonders here.  Glasses of wine $5, $6 (normally they run $7-10)Beer HH all over the place Drafts $3, pitchers $6.50Bottles $4,$5 somewhere around there. Look up at the chalk board for details.Beer flights $ 76 samples JUST GO!(But please save me a seat :)
5	Super cool spot!  I love they are right around the corner. Games and booze, perfect together. Owners are awesome.  I can't wait to come back here with my girlfriends.
5	This place opened its doors on Wednesday and I already had 3 people tell me to check it out!  After speaking with Matt, I guess everyone who works here is an owner. Great idea and great atmosphere. We tried three of there grilled cheese's and our favorite was the fig. Its the perfect addition to Arcadia.
5	What can I add to the other reviews. This place is such a friendly neighborhood space. Great beer selections, wine and games to play with friends. We have known Emily (one of the bartenders) from Sun Up for a long time. It just feels so fun to have a place to go near by and enjoy good company, beer and have a great time!!
5	The Pig's Meow is a man after my own heart. There is no shortage of drinking spots in Arcadia, but the neighborhood really needed something like this. A laid-back casual bar that is reasonably priced without being divey. They sell beer and wine, there's a ton to choose from, most of the brews are local crafts. As for food, they have grilled cheese sandwiches only for $5. I didn't get a chance to try these, but the other patrons who did seemed very happy with them. They have awesome happy hours of 3-8pm and reverse from 11-1am and all day Sunday, this really makes it easy to drink for cheap! For entertainment they have several 80's vintage gaming systems, have a beer, play some Centipede on the Atari, then some Mortal Kombat on the Sega Genesis, and finish it off with some Mario Bros. on the original Nintendo. If you're not into the electronic games they have plenty of other games like Guess Who, Let's Go Fishin' and Rock 'Em Sock 'Em robots (which I played for the first time ever that night). Also, they have my all time fave a LEGO wall!!! My husband and I left this place so excited knowing that we will return many times, and that this will be our future awesome watering hole!
5	Pig's Meow, I think I'm in love.New bar in the Arcadia neighborhood and after being open for only 3 days was packed!  Super cool atmosphere (how can you not love a place with old school games like Uno, Connect Four, and even Atari!), and overall really good vibes.  The bar is tucked away in an unassuming strip mall behind Bosa donuts, and there is a ton of open parking and bike racks for all of your transportation needs.  The beer menu is written out on the large chalkboard wall, and it's massive.  So many unique brews to choose from that I just had the bartenders pick for me and believe me, each one they suggested was fantastic.  They also have a variety of $5 grilled cheeses that are made fresh on the press.  I highly suggest the star (pepperoni/cherry peppers) or heart (fig/goat cheese) for the sandwiches.  Muy delicioso.  :)Best of all; they have DAILY happy hours until 8PM!!!  Seriously, 8pm everyday PLUS ALL DAY on Sunday's.  Without a doubt, this is officially my new favorite spot!!
5	Loved the beer choices, loved the video games, loved the board games. Came here for my birthday and couldn't have had a better, more relaxed, and exciting experience. Didn't get to eat due to busy atmosphere and late arrival.
5	This place is amazing. They have a wonderful selection of beers and wines, and the bartenders/owners Steve and Emily were amazing and are totally fun to have a conversation with. We had an Italian-style grilled cheese which was delicious, and for $5, it was a steal.  We'll definitely be back. And BTW, "Gregg is a dick". Lol :-)
5	Super fun place! I love playing games and it makes it easy to meet new people and break the ice inviting them to play Cards Against Humanity with you. The video games also bring back fun memories and the possibility of making new ones. Their beer selection is huge! And the place has it's originality from the name, to the tables, even the glasses for the beers on tap sets them apart. Love it!
5	It's a great little spot to grab a drink. The atmosphere is very straightforward and comfortable. The staff was extremely friendly and they have a tremendous selection of beer and wine.
5	Love this new bar!   I had a funny feeling I would once I heard the same people behind The Whining Pig opened this great new bar.  Love the games at each table and the overall feel of this place.  The staff is super friendly and you've got to love the daily happy hour from 3-8pm - $5 glasses of good wine...you can't beat that!  We'll definitely be back since there is also plenty of parking.
5	We dropped in before an event at the Biltmore. We wished we could have stayed longer. It is out of our way, but we definitely want to come back for happy hour. Lots of interesting beers on tap. I love the atmosphere with the long bar and the tall tables with games. Everyone was super friendly.
5	Just perfect!!! I love coming here!!! The fun games, atmosphere, and exceptional alcohol makes for some great fun! Happy hour has some great deals and is late night as well!
5	Good neighborhood watering hole. Quaint, good atmosphere as well as service and let's not forget the great selection of beer. We look forward to going back.
5	This place is awesome! Fun and loud, but great for a small group. They have SO many beers and wines - its wonderful. They have games to play at every seat and even some classic nintendo and sega games. SO fun! We tried one of the grilled cheeses and it was yummy but could have been better with more cheese and meat. They have a killed happy hour too.I cant wait to take some friends there and hopefully be able to get a table with nintendo or sega!
5	Great new bar in the area! Have been here twice and love it so far. They have a great beer selection of both draft and bottled beer, as well as wine though I don't drink it. Also, they have a small grilled cheese menu and they are pretty great, especially after a few beers! The owners are the bartenders and they all are very attentive and offer great advice on what to try. They also have games you can play all over the bar and tables, and I'm a sucker for a bar with games.  If you want to come here make sure to come early as this place is pretty small with a lot of patrons, but it's definitely worth the wait for a seat to try this place.
4	I am a fan of the Whining Pig. Big fan. This place is just like its sister, but it has draughts, grilled cheese, and classic video games... awesome! The happy hour prices here are slightly higher than at WP, but it's still a great deal. The bartender suggested a delicious beer that was just what I was looking for, so I appreciated that. All of the video game tables were occupied, so I'll have to get my Mortal Kombat on another time (of which I am sure there will be many), but I did get to enjoy some Pop Up Pirate and Battleship. Will be back, yay!
4	Just like the other location, this place rocks!How they manage to make a spot feel so incredibly home-y, fun, and affordable is beyond my understanding!  A few folks weren't particularly happy with their grub (not a lot of meat/cheese), but for the price and considering they don't really have a legit kitchen, I think they were adequate.While waiting for a few friends to show up, I battled a stranger to Mario Cart (sadly, my childhood reign is long forgotten), and there are a plethora of games sitting around ranging from Cards Against Humanity to Connect Four.Sweet happy hour, though I think the beers were definitely not pint sized (I could be wrong).
4	The Whining Pig 2.0, that's exactly what this bar is. They took the major elements of what made the first bar awesome and expanded. Their beer and wine menu is an entire wall made of chalk board with their 50 or more beers and wines to choice from. The large majority of their beer selection is bottled and canned, but with the addition of a dozen or more draft beers. Tho they are mainly a beer and wine bar, they do have some amazing simple grilled cheese sandwiches that are worth the $5. The best reason to come is for their Happy Hour which lasts until 8:00pm, so you have plenty of time to try out some new beers from their selection. The only negative thing I'd have to say is that since it's bigger then it's predecessor but has the same sort of layout plus tables, service is not as intimate and slower, Otherwise, another great place to have a bunch or beers and sandwiches.
5	Greg and his crew have, once again, outdone themselves! As if I didn't love The Whining Pig enough, they had to go and make an equally awesome second bar!  This place is more spacious than it's older sister, which is nice for bigger groups of people.  Candy and games adorn the bar, so you can munch on some chocolates while you chat and drink.  I highly recommend the Shake Chocolate Porter, just an FYI.Amazing selection of bottled/canned/draft beers, wines and snacks.  And if that's not enough to get you going, they also have old school nintendo and sega games at their high top tables for folks to enjoy.The staff is awesome and I can't wait to hit this place up again!
4	Came with a group of 7, 2 of which had been here before. We got here about 10 minutes before they open, but when the server saw us standing outside, he gladly opened the door! Awesome! Our friends stated the last time they were here it was really crowded and loud, that it was hard to hear the people at your own table. Luckily there was no one else here at first. They have a good selection of draft beers, and fun games to play, along with an awesome atmosphere, including chalkboard walls, featuring the menu. We got drinks, hung out, and talked; no food. Beers were good! As people started filing in and it became more crowded, we were able to understand how our friends said it was loud. With the chalkboard walls, there isn't much to absorb the sound. Overall, the place has an awesome atmosphere. I will definitely come back sometime but will make sure they aren't too busy! Great place!
5	It's rare that you find a place that is exactly what you've been looking for in a conversation spot, a pre-drink, a hang-out and "let's go there" without experiencing a parking problem and obnoxious patrons.As I have experienced it, the Pigs Meow appears to be one of the Phoenix/Arcadia concepts that has scored dramatically and is drawing a lot of attention in only two months. You'll love this place. I love it so much I'm holding off my review so I can enjoy the synergistic and soulfully crafted environment for now...
4	I was super stoked when this place moved into the neighborhood only months ago. They have a killer beer and wine list and their happy hour goes to 8. 8!!!! That's incredible! If you are overwhelmed by the beer list you can also make your own 6 beer tasting flight and try a bunch of beers. The only food they have is a small grilled cheese list of 4 or 5 grilled cheeses they make on a panini machine. They are tasty but I think it's kinda silly they don't allow for any changes or subs. If I just want a grilled cheese with american cheese and nothing else (as opposed to with bacon) why wouldn't you do that? Higher profit margin, less work, happy customer. I don't get it. WhatevsThey have old games in there from Nintendo and Atari to Guess Who and 20 Questions. It's super fun and a good ice breaker for those going there on dates :)This will be a regular spot for us.
5	Good prices. Good beer selection. And they have games!! Video games, board games, card games, all for free! What a fun place! I'll be back for sure!!
4	This place is a stones throw away from our house and we were so excited when we discovered it! The service was fantastic, I think she was one of the owners and she was very attentive and pleasant.The whole concept is cool with the chalk board walls you can write on, the video games and the menu on the walls also. I had a few glasses of wine, my boyfriend had a variety of IPA's and we were very happy with everything. I would add a 5th star if they served more variety of foods to munch on.
4	So beer and wine only... But oh the selection. Atmosphere was charming. Happy hour is from 3-8 and 11-2, everything 25% off. 20 drafts, 50+ bottles and a mystery beer. Nice feature they have olds hook console games to play for free: Mario cart, donkey kong, mortal combat, and board games. Nosh on goldfish. Me and my boy drank happy hour, had a good time. Mystery was awesome... Not PBR. This bar was so awesome my hipster bearded friend from Oregon was impressed... No small task.
5	There's nothing like walking into a bar for the second time and having the bartender remember your name and drink order. I will definitely be back! Great atmosphere, drinks, staff, and games!
