3	Good enough for carry-out in McFarland on a cold winter's evening.  Ready on time, never had a wrong order, and they're at least reasonably friendly.  Would be better if they delivered, but not sure there's a huge demand for it in our tiny burg.  They also have a lunch buffet on weekdays for around $6.
5	Best Chinese food madison! I've tried them all and make the 15 minute drive every week :-)
1	Awful, awful, awful...  The worst of the worst of the cookie-cutter Chinese restaurants.  Food without flavor, a menu without imagination and a staff of such profound indifference it's hard to tell they're even there.
1	Tried this because it's local.  Terrible, bland Chinese food.  Not much else to say.  Will never return.  My wife wanted me to mention her sweet and sour chicken, which was battered fried chicken pieces with a side of sauce in a bowl.  When she asked where the vegetables were (like the picture), she was told there is a piece of pineapple in the sauce and that is what comes with it.  As promised, we looked hard into the sauce and found one very small piece of pineapple.  Bon Appetite.
5	Main Moon is hand's down my favorite place to grab Chinese in McFarland, but really anywhere. No matter what time of day, day of the week, or week of the year - it only takes 15 minutes to get your food. Freshly made each time too. Don't order from the pictures, order from you heart. The staff is so friendly, I'm thinking about proposing in the near future, as I hope to be a part of their family like they've been a part of mine. I just can't even talk about the lunch buffet, I'll start tearing up with how amazing the deal is. Andddd, I just shed a tear. Yum yum yum in my tum tum tum. Miss you, Main Moon xoxox
5	Main Moon has the best lunch in McFarland, buffet style. Friendly service, gloriously large takeout menus, and sauces like no one else. Try their fried pork dumplings, crab Rangoon, or General Tso's. Their fried rice is legit. All portions are generous. Until secondary Moons are established, make your lunar landing as soon as you can. Delicious.
5	How could anyone say anything less than 5 stars for Main Moon? Their crab rangoon is unparalleled in the Madison area. Literally everything from there tastes amazing and is made with high-quality ingredients. I live on the west side of Madison and have been known to drive the 20-30 minutes to McFarland just to get Main Moon. It's amazing.
5	Leaps and bounds better than other chinese food in the Madison area. Their lunch buffet is a great value. The general tsao's is to die for.Don't miss out on this fantastic food.
