4	This business just opened today and we got to give it a try.  The place is nice and open and the employees are very friendly.  My friends had the elevation burger and the half guilt burgers and they were pretty satisfied.   The elevation burger came with two patties and the half guilt came with one beef patty and one vegetarian patty.  Pretty creative!One thing that I noticed that will be useful to those who are trying to make informed decisions about what they eat is that they list calorie information next to each item on their menu board.  Great job for that!The fries were OK - they tasted kind of like McDonald Fries.  Their drink dispensers are really cool and futuristic.
4	Very tasty Burger. I tried their guiltless burger which is 1 beef patty and 1 veggie patty on the same bun. I probably would of not had guilt with their signature elevation burger but the guilt burger intrigued me. I also noticed that they make their french fries fresh in the store. They have one of those mondo hand-cranked potato 2 fry converters behind the counter. The counter girl was rockin it. They also have one of those new coke freestyle machines, very futuristic and cool.  A great place to eat with friends at lunch, even with those who are stuck on "eat fresh"  :)
4	Mmmmm....this is a tasty burger!Of all the new burger joints to hit town in the past few years, Elevation is the top notch one. Your first bite and you can taste the difference. This is what good burgers taste like from the pricy sit down restaurants, and here you can get it in a quick and casual setting.All the beef is organic free range beef. So if the cow was happy, then you eat said cow, you will be happy! That's my take on it at least. They offer everything from single, double patty beef burgers, a veggie patty, a vegan patty, and combinations of the two. I've had both the Elevations Burger(two beef patties), and the Half-the-Guilt Burger(one beef patty & one vegan patty). You can get any burger on a bun or wrapped in lettuce, personally I always go for the lettuce wrap. Both burgers were hella good! The topping list you get to choose from is bomb. I am officially all about the hot pepper relish! It adds a nice little kick. I've been doing my burgers wrong for so long it seems, because this little condiment changes everything! The elevation sauce also adds a nice touch, as well as the caramelized onions. The fries are fried in olive oil. They're ok, not the best in the world, but definitely not the worst either.I've had the mini cookies too, which were great! They're oatmeal pecan chocolate chip, they're really soft and very tasty. They were cooking some more when I was here yesterday and it made the place smell like heaven! I rarely drink soft drinks, but they have the kickass soda fountain where you choose the soda and then have the choice to mix a handful of syrups in. It's all about the Cherry Vanilla Coke Zero!I love how the menu has a full calorie list next to every item! That is one of the things I've always dug about eateries in Cali, so it's nice to see it here. It is a tad pricier than other places like In N Out, Smash, etc. And the lack of late night hours and a drive thru eliminate this from the 1am drunken food run. But in the end, it doesn't matter.Do yourself a favor and elevate your taste buds by coming here!
5	New burger chain now in Las Vegas serving 100% organic, grass fed, free range hamburgers.  I must say they serve a pretty impressive burger. I had the vertigo burger which consisted 3 patties and a thick slice of aged cheddar.  The little woman had an elevation burger with 2 patties and a slice of cheddar. We also had their fresh cut fries and they were hot and delicious.  The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly.  The coke machine had varieties I had never heard of, including Orange Coke and Peach Mello Yello.
3	This place has all the right trimmings for being a brand new burger joint in Vegas.  First off, they promote green life (grass fed beef, recycling, turning fryer oil into bio fuel, etc.), which is nice, and they have a beautiful joint.  Their customer service is pretty good, but needs more fine tuning, which will more than likely occur in the next few months as they settle in.  Their food, however, is what Yelpers want to hear about, so let's have at it.Their patties are juicy, well seasoned and tender.  I love the fact that their burgers take maybe 2 minutes to cook fresh with all the trimmings, and that they let you try any toppings you want to add on.  Their buns are nice and aren't too sweet, which is always good.  Overall, the burger itself is yummy.They have shakes and you can't go wrong with a nice, thick shake.  I had to use a spoon with mine, but that's the fun in it.  They are yummy, huge, and satisfying.The fries left me wanting.  They're okay, but they aren't the best in the world.  I believe that they can do better, and hope that they do.  Oh, and it doesn't hurt to salt them just a tad.  Everyone likes seasoned fries.Overall, great fun, good food, and I'd go back some day.  I think I'll give them six months till the next visit to see how much they improve, but it is worth a curious stop in for those who like the hot new businesses on the block.
2	I have been waiting for this place to open and when they finally did, it was not what I expected. Upon arrival the cashier did not seem to know what to say. Ok, forgivable, new employees trying to fit in. I ordered and asked a few questions. During the short time that I was at the register, six employees continued to stare at me like I was about to eat their child. Never have I felt so awkward at any restaurant. Now for the food portion of the show. The fries were overcooked and the flavor of the burger was not flavorful as I would have liked. Does this mean that all this organic food was just hype. I may give it another try. Maybe this day they were off their game.
5	I can only attest to the burger.  It was awesome.  Really awesome.  Like Shake Shack good.  Aged cheddar had great flavor - burger had such a nice flavor too.  I have three cookies waiting at home that I haven't tried yet but they are in for a hurtin'.
4	The colleagues and I decided to check this spot out for lunch today, with the encouragement of a little $10 for $20 worth of food promotion.I have to say, this was one of the better "quick" burgers I've had in a very long time.  It seems the styling of food preparation closely mimics that of a certain California based, West Coast burger icon (of which I'm not particularly a fan of), but the grass-fed, freshly ground, organic beef patties at Elevation are truly delicious!  Not greasy, crumble apart nicely, no gristle or chewy surprises.  Just yummy lean meat.  One of the group opted to order the veggie patty, and as much as I prefer carnivorous options, I actually plan to try that next.  It looked fantastic, and the reviews equaled those of the meat eaters.Fries cooked in olive oil are just better than those cooked in vegetable oil.  I typically don't spend much time reviewing fries, as they're just a salty filler in my opinion, but these were pretty good.I would have awarded the 5th star except the restaurant, though very nice and clean, was a brisk 60 degrees at best.  The AC was turned up so high, the vents 16 feet above us were blowing the napkins off the table.  We know it's the desert, but it's not in the 100's just yet.  Thermostats can still be set to 70.This will definitely be a spot to visit once a month or more.Oh, and for the calorie conscious crowd, the numbers are listed on the board for everything.  Even the condiments and veggies.  I didn't bother to figure out how many calories were in my double with cheese, "original style".  :)
3	I don't always eat burgers, but when I do, I prefer an ELEVATED one.If you thought Vegas had enough burger chains, you thought wrong! Here's another hipster alternative! Cows are meant to eat grass. Organic is better. Everyone should recycle. And a burger that's good for you is good for them too.Elevation is the future of fast food. Not necessarily based on the technology they're using, but by appealing to our humanity. Every foodie can appreciate proper business practices. Its one thing to run a business; its another to do everything possible to make money but do it with your dignity and integrity intact. BURGER: A burger with 2 patties is the norm. You have 3 options: beef, veggie w/ mozz, or vegan. A single patty is a "kids burger."  Because eating a single patty is only enough to feed a child...  After selecting your patty-options, you move on to building your own masterpiece by selecting as many of the toppings as your heart desires. A slice of fancy, aged cheddar cheese will cost you some extra cents though. The beef is a little softer, definitely leaner than most places, but it has a  refreshingly clean taste. I can tell the cow or cows it came from were happy, free-range, and grass-fed. You can taste the different.FRIES: Never have I ever had fries deep-fried in olive oil. Essentially, olive oil is far healthier than the usual vegetable or canola. But the smoke point is significantly lower so it yields a soggier fry. Mine were a little limp and a little heavy on the salt. SHAKE: If my friend didn't have an appreciation for ice cream. It never would've occurred to me to order a milkshake. I don't eat ice cream anymore--I spent a lot of time working for Coldstone as a kid (you do the math). The $4 shake starts with a  vanilla, chocolate, or coffee base with 2 toppings. This milkshake tickled my sweet tooth and touched my soul. After my first taste, "his" milkshake was reclaimed as "my" milkshake.ECO-FRIENDLY: My house is quite strict on the recycling rule. Elevation is the same! They'll clear the table for you as they want separate every piece of trash and dispose of it accordingly.Life is so much sweeter when you leave a restaurant fed, satisfied, and feeling good about yourself.
3	I came here today with my fella because I had recently purchased the Groupon. The menu is pretty simple. I like the concept of green food, but I wasn't entirely impressed with any of the flavors. The meat was definitely tasty and fresh, you can tell. Although I wasn't in the mood for a burger so ended up ordering a grilled cheese with jalapenos. That was probably a mistake on my part. They have vegetarian and vegan patty options as well, which I'm intrigued by. The fries were fresh, but I wasn't a fan of the flavor. I'm not typically a big fan of fries and these just weren't cutting it for me. Maybe I'm just too used to processed food, hopefully that's not the case. They have a great concept and maybe just need to work through the kinks. The service was definitely fantastic. We always had someone asking if we needed anything and asking if we were enjoying our meal. I don't know how motivated I am to go out of my way to return, but it's a good option if you're in the area.
4	3.5 Came here using a groupon. Left with 4 different combinations of the Elevation Burger. One thing you're going to notice is that they're kind of small for the price but still an OK size and you paying for organic. Another is even though their brochures says that their Elevation Burgers comes with "Double Meat, Double Cheese (Real Cheddar)" cheese is extra even the plain cheddar cheese, at least that's what I was told so my burgers came with NO cheese.When I was there there was a large group meeting, a loud bunch, the cashier said someone was attempting a 10 patties Vertigo Burger which seemed cool at the time, she was excited and wanted to watch. But after seeing how small the patties were I probably could've done that with ease, if it wasn't for their steep price. Let's do the math if my one elevation burger with 2 patties cost $5.29 then a 10 patties burger is probably around $25, guesstimating. I don't know about that one.The Elevation Burger I had had lettuce, tomatoes, caramelized onions, elevation sauce (everyone version of big mac/thousand island sauce), balsamic mustard, and jalapenos.  Almost all of their topping that didn't cost extra. I really liked the combination everything rocked except the patties, tasted like it need more seasoning.  The other burger combinations were similar just changing a few ingredients and topppings, which I liked.They have punch cards for every patty you order once you get 14 I think you get a Elevation Burger free.  It's located by a Panera Bread and a Panda Express and the parking lot was very busy during lunch.  Watch out for bad drivers there was this female driver who was in such as hurry to get Elevation Burger fix on that she was overtaking everyone in the parking lot zig zagging all over the place and nearly causing at least a couple accidents.
3	Meh.The food was alrght. It's not the best burger in Vegas but it's nice having the option to buy an organic burger. The topping options are neat (caramlized onions, jalapenos, balsamic mustard, etc). Has vegetarian options and they cn do lettuce substitues for those avoiding bread.Service was good.
5	I was craving a burger & fries but I didn't want just any burger with all the crazy things I read about the beef nowadays. On top of that, I gave up red meat for Lent.  So what do I do to satisfy my craving? I yelped vegan & Elevation Burger came up. When I walked in, my children & I were greeted by this friendly, young fellow. He told us about their their ORGANIC grass fed beef, ORGANIC veggie burgers, potato buns & how their fries were cooked with olive oil. SOLD! I'm all about the healthier lifestyle. Even though it's a bit pricer, I opt for the ORGANIC or natural stuff. As you probably already know. You can really taste the difference plus it's better for you. I'm very cautious on what my kids eat. All these gmo's, additives & crap that's put in food these days. It's scary. Watch the movie The Beautiful Truth & you'll know what I'm talking about.The cashier who took my order was a cute & sweet young lady. She was telling me how this restaurant just opened recently & how good the shakes are. They use real fruit & some ORGANIC products. They have ORGANIC milk!  If I didn't have dessert earlier, I would of ordered one but I will definitely order 1 next time. That ORGANIC cheesecake shake caught my eye.So I ordered my son a ORGANIC grass fed beef burger & my other son a grilled cheese. I had the ORGANIC veggie burger #2. When you order,  they have a list of toppings so you can just tell the cashier what you want on it. Cheese is extra. Which I didn't mind because they use real cheddar cheese. We also got 1 order of fries which was enough for me & my 2 kids.OMG! My veggie burger was so good & fresh. Cooked just right! The fries were skinny, crispy on the outside & soft on the inside. Very addicting & not that salty like some places where they get real heavy handed w/ the seasoning. If you do like it saltier, you could always add more. Not a big deal.Both my sons enjoyed & finished their meal. My kids are real picky eaters too.I can't wait to come back & try the shakes. I don't think they have ORGANIC condiments, so I think I'm going to be a little ghetto & bring in my own ORGANIC condiments next time (shhh). How exciting that this place opened up for people like me & my family looking for healthier alternatives when we go out to eat. All this ORGANIC eating can be quite ORGASMIC. Yay for healthy good eats
3	Came here with a Groupon, $10 for $20 worth of food.  We went on a Saturday afternoon and the ratio of staff to customer was a 3 to 1.  That just means incredible service. Here is our $20 worth of food:-a one beef patty burger (kids burger) with a slice of aged cheddar cheese, topped with other condiments.-a two patty burger with a slice of aged cheddar cheese, elevation sauce, and other condiments-an order of fries-a blueberry shake-a drinkThe slice of aged cheddar cost a quarter per slice.  There wasn't much flavor to it for my taste.  The staff does come by from time to time to see if we are doing good. The end of our meal, the question we ask ourselves is "Is it better than In n Out?"  our response "No".Love the concept, but In n Out is still our preference.
5	I'm not sure how the owners would feel, but if you're looking for a healthier, 100% organic version of In-N-Out I think I have found it at a new place in town called Elevation Burger. One of my readers tipped me off to this place a few months ago before it opened, and I've been very intrigued since reading about their organic ingredients and healthy approach combined with their use of environmentally sustainable architecture they strive for at each location. So does this all add up to a good burger? Yes it does.Carrying the organic theme in their interior, the restaurant is sparsely decorated with bamboo-topped tables and chairs, bamboo floors, and most likely a company-wide color scheme of two tone set of blue tiles. The space has a good feel to it; as I said it almost seemed like there were too few seats but once I did a quick count and saw several more people come in during my visit it seemed just right. Also in keeping with the simplicity aspect they have one of those new fancy coke machines that makes like 200 different combinations without having a whole line of fountains.The menu has everything from single- and double-patty options, to veggie burgers, grilled cheese, a large variety of sides, some great shakes and even mandarin oranges. And what's even more helpful for those that care is the calorie count for each item is prominently displayed. But the star of the show is all in the ingredients; the burger for example is made from 100% USDA-certified organic, grass-fed, free-range beef, and you can taste the difference. Even the fries are made with olive oil, and the cookies are made with organic eggs and butter.I of course had to go with their Elevation Burger which has double meat, double cheese (real cheddar) and the "original" toppings: Elevation sauce, pickles, lettuce and tomatoes. Double meat and cheese sounds a bit similar to another certain place, huh? The look of the burger and fries when they arrive at your table are even a bit familiar, but the similarities stop upon first bite. You instantly taste a unique beef flavor that stands out from many other fast food-type places. The patties are thin, but juicy and hold a very prominent flavor throughout the meal. The bun is great; very sweet and soft, reminiscent of a Hawaiian roll. The lettuce, tomato and pickles are all fresh and good, with the lettuce being used sparingly and just right. The cheese was melted thoroughly, had good flavor but I found myself longing for a little more sharpness to it. I hate to keep going back to it, but by the end of this burger I really felt like I had finished a not-too-greasy burger with great, fresh ingredients similar to when I finish an In-N-Out burger, and I don't think that's a bad thing by any means.The fries are also really fresh and great; one serving is more than enough for two people. The fries on my first visit may have been a bit hard and overcooked, but on my second visit less than a week later the fries were soft and just right. I also had an Oreo shake on my second visit and it was great. A very intriguing offering on their menu and something I will most likely have on my next visit is the option for them to scoop some ice cream onto the root beer they sell by the bottle.The overall price of this meal is a bit more than the place I keep comparing it to, but I think you're paying for the ingredients as well as a slightly better, less hectic atmosphere. The double burger I had starts at $5.29, with another $2.69 for a double helping of fries. $4.19 for a shake might be a tad high, but it is really tasty if you feel like splurging once in a while.  I will also add that Sean the GM of this location is really nice. I have a habit of leaving a business card behind at most places I review, Sean got in touch with me within an hour of my visit to see what I thought, so I made a point to ask for him on my return trip. All of the employees are very friendly, the food is great and it's a really nice atmosphere. So if you're in the south west part of town and are craving for something a bit better than fast food, definitely try an Elevation Burger.
2	While I had high hopes for elevation and I appreciate the idea of organic beef and products. I wasn't impressed. Their ingredients are fresh, no worries there. But there is so much excess juice/oil in their burger it drips and falls apart on you while you eat it. Their fries are not memorable, nothing special about them.I was excited about their elevation cookie, but upon eating it, it failed as well. Tasted like dough, uncooked cookie. Looks like they sliced a chunk off the roll of dough and bagged it up for customers.Once again, I had high hopes but at $18.55 for two elevation burgers, fries, one drink and a cookie, we will probably not be returning. I spend less than that in buying organic beef from Costco and making my own burgers.
4	I really enjoyed Elevation Burger! I am a vegetarian and was SOO excited that they had two different veggie burgers, one being an all organic vegan patty. The fries were awesome, not soggy, not too greasy, and they resemble REAL potatoes! My dining guest had a beef burger which he enjoyed, also. I will definitely eat here again.
5	Love it! The entire concept is great in itself, but they really complete the package because everything is so good. I went yesterday. I got there a little earlier than the person I was meeting so I ordered the "Elevation Salad". It's a fruit salad with Blueberries, Strawberries, Apples, Pineapple, grape, kiwi, honeydew and cantaloupe. Maybe something I missed. All the fruit was very fresh and tasty, even the apples. When my friend arrived, we both ordered elevation burgers. I had mine with Elevation sauce, which is delicious, lettuce, tomato, caramelized onion and cheese. This was one of the most delicious hamburger patties I have ever had. In the past I haven't been impressed with the flavor of a lot of organic patties, but this one tasted better than In N Out by miles. For the price, which was about $15,00 for Salad, burger, drink and fries. Oh yeah!! The Fries. I can't believe these fried in Olive Oil. That is amazing. They taste as good or better than most fries out there, and Olive Oil? I love this place. I'll be back
3	Another burger spot but with a healthier spin. I came here on a groupon and was forced to spend 20 bucks. I ordered the elevation burger with cheddar and fries which were cooked in olive oil. The burger was pretty simple two patties, lettuce, elevation sauce, and cheddar cheese. The burger was somewhat juicy but lacked a lot of flavor. But if anything is considered healthy its going to lack a little flavor as compared to the good fatty stuff. The fries were OK also nothing special. I guess the burger lived up to the organic healthier side which lacked a lot of flavor. So burgers were as expected. When it comes to burgers the more unhealthy it is the better.
3	I love the concept of the all natural hormone & slime free burgers. I was a little upset however when I ordered my veggie burger & it was frozen in the middle. The fries were a bit salty but good. My husband loved his all natural burger . Keep up the natural hormone free beef !
4	Although a bit pricey, this place is definitely worth the cost for what you're getting.  The organic, hormone free burger is delicious (especially with the Elevation Sauce) and the Vanilla milkshake with fresh strawberry and organic cheesecake is amazing!  As far as the fries go, they are a bit soggy but have a nice flavor due to the oil they are fried in.  They also have a reward card where you get one stamp per meat/veggie patty you purchase.  After 14 stamps, you receive a free Elevation Burger!  I'll return again in the future.
3	I love the different sodas they have with their fancy machine. With just one button it takes you to a whole new experience with soda, not a soda fan they have different lemonades as well.Okay so I didn't just come here for the soda. I had a Groupon for Elevation Burger and had to spend $20. I ordered the elevation burger with cheese, caramelized onions, lettuce and mayo. I was sad that they didn't have mushrooms. I also ordered the fries and a chocolate malt shake. The burger was delicious, you can totally tell that is was a 100% organic beef. The fries reminds me of the fries from In N Out, so nothing special there. As for the shake, it was pretty good; you can't go wrong with chocolate malt shake.
2	I had a veggie burger with cheese and it was very good.  My husbad & son got regular burgers and also liked them.  The fries were ok. My daughter's grilled cheese was not good.  They just used a regular bun, turned them inside out and put it on the grill, the cheese was not even melted.  The service was pretty bad too.  We walked in and were completely ignored. When we placed our order,  the girl was rude and just pointed to the board with the toppings option when I asked what the choices were like she was very annoyed.  I really wanted to like this place since it's close to my home but I just can't get passed rude customer service!
3	Of course organic patties taste different, but the burgers are good. With that being said the fries lacked flavor and the cheese wasn't all that great.
4	This place is good, not great.  The first time I went I made the mistake of putting the balsamic mustard sauce on my burger and was unhappy. Every time since it is just about the burger. Their burgers are good. The burgers are juicy, but lack a bit of flavor. The fries were nothing exciting. So what they are fried in olive oil nothing special. The shakes are blah. The first time I got a vanilla shake and it tastes like they mush up some vanilla ice cream and call it a shake. I decided to try a chocolate one the next time and had the same situation. Chocolate ice cream mushed up with a splash of milk. The workers have always been nice, but they have almost nothing to do, so they walk around and ask you if you need anything 12 times during a meal. I'll go back here because my husband likes it, but I'd rather have that other burger place down the street that is half the price.
5	Love it! Great burgers and amazing service at prices about the same than a non-organic chain. It's a great concept
4	I want to start by clarifying something. I am giving this four stars for sustainability and using grass fed beef in all the burgers. Factory farming is unhealthy, unsustainable, cruel, and I just like the taste of grass fed beef better. That being said the food was a solid three stars. Yummy. Helpful staff, good environment. I would come back. I am guessing Tomoko M.s experience shows that they need to work on consistency.
1	Luckily we came here on a groupon so we only paid half price. The burgers are nasty tasting! Even my husband, who is not as picky, thinks they were gross. Maybe I am used to chemical and hormone laden beef? Perhaps, but usually when I eat organic dairy and produce it taste better than their conventional counterparts. Not so with this beef.The shakes were yummy and the fries so-so. Do yourself a favor and skip this place.
4	I love burgers so when see a new burger place I always stop in. This was my first experience at a "Organic" burger place. All the ingredients are of better quality so it tastes different and I enjoyed it. For the price it was great too good value.
3	I'd put elevation burger right on par with in n' out burger.  The burger itself is tasty - I liked the meat.  I especially appreciate that you order it just how you'd like it - no mystery toppings - you get what you ask for.  I had a kid burger, which is code for one burger patty.  The standard elevation burger is a double.  There is a list of about 20 topping to choose from but some key choices are missing.  Um, hello??? Where's the BACON??? No avocado or mushrooms either??? These are some big players - and they aren't even on the team!The fries were tasty but need to be consumed immediately on the premise - they would not travel well.  An order of fries is good to share.  I had a vanilla shake with fresh mangoes.  I couldn't taste the mango at all, which was strange because they were very obviously blended in there!  My mom was thrilled with her 1/2 coffee 1/2 chocolate malt.  All in all - A -OK burger place that makes it fresh to order how you want it.  I'll go again.  The downside is the calories are displayed next to everything.  It really hurts your feeling when you have to see that the cheeseburger, fries and shake you are about to consume are a whopping 1500 kals.  Boo!They do have the fancy digital soda machine like 5 guys that allows you to choose from hundreds of sodas like peach sprite zero, and vanilla mr. pibb.4 burgers, 1 fries, 2 shakes, 2 sodas = $37
3	People love lists, and sometimes you don't want to read through a long review full of insightful and crafty critiques, so here are two lists:The Good:1)  Elevation Burger is clean and comfortable2)  The staff is very friendly and up beat3)  They have a pop machine with 120 ish flavors to choose from4)  Hormone-free meat, ground daily on site.5)  Calorie listing next to each menu item6)  A nice variety of toppings - 6 month aged cheddar was really tastyThe Not So Good:1)  Burgers are on the greasy side2)  Fries were salty to a fault3)  Subpar bun....It got a little soggy with the moisture from the tomato and the patty. I didn't really find anything bad about Elevation Burger, but I wasn't wowed either; its one of many burger places to choose from in the valley.
3	Burgers were alright. If you're not used to organic beef, it will taste a bit strange. Organic is always a plus but when it comes to my burgers, I still prefer one that packs a punch (aka fat). Fries were great. It reminded me of In-n-out but cut skinnier. The elevation sauce (tangy tomato base) was a good dip for them.Coffee shake was delicious! Soda machine is similar to the one at Wing Stop with lots of flavors to choose from.
4	In my opinion it was better than In and Out, Five Guys, Smash Burger, etc.  because I didn't leave feeling sick. Organic beef is different than the regular variety, so don't expect it to taste the same as most other joints. The variety of sauces and numerous combinations of drinks was nice. I really liked the fresh taste of all the ingredients especially the cheese-it tasted like fresh cheese from Tillamook, Oregon.
5	Do you remember the Arch Deluxe?  It was the burger that would revolutionize the fast food industry geared towards adults with a more sophisticated palette.  You probably recall the countless commercials on your tube.   Yah.......that was the Arch Deluxe - the burger that ultimately flops more than Derek Fisher.................but at least Fisher has 5 NBA rings.  Elevation Burger is what the Arch Deluxe aspired to be --  a simple, tasty, yet sophisticated burger that is elevated by its commitment to core, fresh ingredients.  Elevation Burger is like taking In and Out, a 5 star fast food burger joint, and taking it to the next level.....minus the 15 car wait!  Every burger should be accompanied with caramelized onions and either the Elevation Sauce or Balsamic Mustard.  Also sprinkle on a little salt which will take your burger to the next level.   The meat is insanely delicious.  I recommend just pulling a piece off by itself to taste the meat.  You'll immediately see the difference.The fries are cooked in EVOO and you can wash it down with any soda mixing of your choice from their rock star soda machine.  If you don' t know what I"m talking about, go see for yourself.   So is it healthy?  I won't spout off statistics or numbers but I measure the guilt by what I call the Pass Out Factor.   When I eat at 5 Guys Burgers, I pass out.   But after eating a Vertigo (3 patty burger) at Elevation, I have the extra pep in my step.  Mmmmmm I can still taste the beef.  Quick go check out Elevation Burger to see what I'm talking about!
2	The burgers here we're decent but lacked flavor. The chocolate milk shake was rich with a bold chocolate flavor but almost no malt. Honestly the thing that ruined this place for me was the sour faced bitch behind the counter... I think her name was Kelsey (that is what it said on the receipt) the girl who delivered the food was nice and bubbly so I hope I haven't gotten anyone confused. When we walked in there were people dining but the place was pin drop quiet... When we walked up to the register the girl who I mentioned earlier gave little to no greeting and couldn't have been less interested in our questions. As if us walking up to the counter was such an inconvenience for her she could bare to stand there another second longer. If I did chose to come here again I would walk right back out if I saw her and return on her day off. She is doing this company a dis-service and if I gave service even half as bad as her at my own service industry job I would have been fired a long time ago. The burgers and presentation looked similar to in-n-out but the fries were fried in olive oil so they had an un-satisfying savory flavor and were very greasy. The ingredients were clearly fresh and like I said if it wasn't for the counter girl's sour faced attitude this place wouldn't be bad at all.2 stars for her ability to scowl and press a button at the same time.
3	I purchased a Groupon for Elevation Burger. I am happy I did so because I would have been fairly upset if I had paid full price. The only part that was disappointing was the burger, which is a biggie.Service:Outstanding! 3 people (the check register girl and two cooks) said hi. The employees were very helpful with navigating through the menu. The food came out fast and correct, even with all the specifications I put on my burger. The girl who brought out our food was cheery, as was the girl who took my tray after was as well. Everyone was helpful and had a great attitude.Location:Very cute restaurant. Nice atmosphere, clean, and right off the 215 in Summerlin South, Wal-Mart shopping center. The menu is great! Calories listed, lots of options, great ingredients.Food:The FriesDelicious, real potato fries. Comparable to In-n-Out.The ShakeVery nice and creamy. They didn't spare the Oreos and used good ice cream. The Root Beer FloatVery good. Good Root Beer and Good Ice CreamThe BurgerNot so good, and the reason why the review is just 3 stars. The burger was a little too greasy. The bun had a marshmallow consistency. They put waay too much lettuce on the burger. The meat was pretty bland. I don't think it had too do with the 'organic', I think it may not be salty enough, but it was definitely greasy. Both me and my friend were disappointed because the burger was so pretty when it came out.
5	I had the groupon for Elevation Burge (as so many have), and decided today was the day. I took my boyfriend, who isn't picky, but who always gives me that "what are you making me eat now" look when the restaurant boasts things like "organic" and "grass fed" signs. Luckily for us both, it turned out to be an awesome decision. For those of you who think the burger is bland, I ask, how much crap are you putting on your burgers? I am very simple in topping choices, cheese (which is extra, granted) and a little ketchup. But that means the burger has to be good, because that's what I'm tasting. And it was delicious! The bun gave it just a touch of sweetness on the back end, and it was everything I could have wanted. The fries were excellent too. I like really fresh, slightly crispy, and perfectly salted...and that is what I got. And the shake? Chocolate malt is tough to screw up. And this one tasted like the ones we used to make in the  summer back home. So two thumbs up from me. I think the price is about right. Comparable to Five Guys, and better for you. They promote that they are pink slime free, which I would pay double for, if I really wanted a burger. I'm glad that I don't, though! One kids burger with cheese, one double patty without cheese, one order of fries, and two shakes were $20.59. Honestly, ten dollars a person for an organic, delicous lunch? Yes indeed I'll be back! Elevation Burger, you do great things!
3	I really like the idea of an organic burger joint.  However, what was strange to me was that the only organic thing they have on the menu is the actual burger patty.  I would love the option of organic lettuce, tomatoes or organic potatoes for the fries or organic icecream for the shakes, so many ways to go with this!  I ordered a kids burger, my hubby ordered the elevation burger.  We also got some fries.  The fries we're good.  I actually really enjoyed the fries.  They were fresh and not to greasy.  The burger was ok.  It wasn't bad, but I would rather have and in & out burger.  Plus, I felt like it was cooked like a fast food burger.  It was pressed down as if to make it cook as fast as possible.  I feel like for a local burger joint it should be more gourmet, like the type of place where they ask you how you want your burger cooked.  I might go back if i were in the neighborhood, but nothing I would go out of my way for.
3	I was very excited to try this as they had 2 vegetarian options!  And their food was ok.  But the service is where they lost starts for me.  The lady walked away from the counter when I walked up to order and I had to wait for five minutes for her to come back.  My burger was then served to someone else and I got a meat burger, which i was able to tell before I bit into it.  So then i had to wait for another 10 minutes to get my original order remade.  I was late back to work becuase of it, and not once did i hear sorry.  The food itself wasn't terrible, but i didn't think it was the most spectacular either.  ok for a lunch place i suppose.
5	This is a great burger place...the food is delicious and it feels like your eating a healthier burger.  The beef parties are fantastic and the veggie patty is also delicious, 'm not a vegetarian but I tried the half the guilt burger( 1 beef and 1 veggie patty) and it was good... I won't get it again because beef is to good. The menu is simple just burgers and fries and shakes, I would compare it to In N Out as far as size of burger but I think it's better tasting because of the quality ingredients and the fact that each burger is made for you and not assembly lined ...also the have that new mix your own coke machine.... Very cool to try some different things. Sprite with peach?? who knew that would be good??Bottom line if you like burgers you should def try this place!!!
3	On my first visit I thought the burgers were under seasoned. The second visit confirmed it.A standard Elevation burger is two patties, two slices of cheese. They also have single patty burgers and cheeseburgers available, along with two types of veggie burgers.Their main selling point that differentiates them from the competition is their 100% USDA-certified organic, grass-fed, free-range. I like the beefiness and juiciness of the patties, but they have a distinct taste that's unlike your typical fast food/fast casual burger. If they just seasoned them more they would be so much better. The buns are soft and chewy, the fries are good, and the toppings are diverse -- including their tangy Elevation sauce, a balsamic mustard, and 6-month aged cheddar cheese.Their large cookie isn't so large. It's a chocolate chip oatmeal pecan cookie that's shaped like a small hockey puck. It does, however, pack a tasty punch.If you're lactose intolerant I wouldn't recommend their chocolate shake. It's pretty much melted ice cream that's incredibly rich and creamy.My kid wasn't a fan of their grilled cheese. They take their hamburger buns, turn them upside down and place cheese in between them. Not traditional by any means, and not a hit with my four year old.Their staff has been friendly and informative on my visits -- always willing to answer any questions -- and the interior is reminiscent of Chipotle, but lighter.As expected, it's pricier because of all the organic, sustainable ingredients. All that stuff makes for a good sales pitch, but in the end it comes down to taste and that's where they fall short. I still prefer In-N-Out or even Smashburger if I'm going to get fast food.
3	I was so excited when I found this place!  The first time I went is was amazing!  The next time - it was okay. Then the next time - so so.  The next time...I didn't think I'd come back.  I am thinking of giving them one more try today which is why I found myself here.The Good:  The organic grass fed beef!  The flavor of the burger is really good.  The fries are better than In-n-Out but you really have to eat them quickly or they get very mushy.  Not so good when you take them to go and eat them 5 minutes later.  The shakes are great!  The new style soda machine is a nice touch with all the flavors.The Bad:  The bottom bun gets mushy from all the juices and the buns tend to be greasy.  Sometimes the burger is poorly put together so that it looks sloppy and is harder to eat (lack of training probably).  When I have gotten the food to go, by the time I get home (I live 3 blocks away) the bag has become greasy and gets on my car seat.  They really need to fix this - wrap the fries or?? The iced tea in my opinion is just gross.  It is so far out there with the cinnamon that they really should have another choice that is more plain for those of us who aren't into cinnamon flavored iced tea.  Iced tea is all that I drink when I'm out and I can't get a drink when I'm there :(There is no music in the place - something would be better than the silence I've encountered in there.  Customer service - I'm okay with it, nothing special.  I agree with some of the other posts - they seem a bit forced and uncomfortable.  I'm not sure why - maybe lack of training and experience.  Maybe they will get better at it.I'm not sure that they are better than Smash burger or In-N-Out.  We'll try them one more time...
5	I bought a Groupon for this place, but I'll gladly return and pay full price. I went with my family of 5 and every one of us was very pleased with the quality of the food and the service. The half the guilt burger is a perfect blend of meaty and veggie goodness and the milk shakes are the perfect thickness for either a straw or a spoon. The french fries are very tasty and comparable to what you get at in n out burger, although im sure the fries here are better for you. The menu is somewhat limited, but everything on it is done to perfection. This place blows other competitors like 5 guys away. In fact, I would actually rate it higher than in n out burger.
5	we love elevation burger! as fans of in-n-out, we only went b/c i had bought a groupon. they have more options here (3 vegetarian options), great fries & delicious fresh milkshakes. i love the fact that they are conscious about their environmental footprint & that they want to use the healthiest ingredients. these things matter to us which is why we never eat fast food normally. we do make an exception for elevation burger :)the staff has always been friendly too.
3	I noticed Elevation Burger opened a a few months ago. It's close to home and located in a strip mall near Walmart. We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. We had the place to ourselves when we first arrived, but it later filled with a few diners.Three Elevation burgers were ordered, that means double meat and double cheese. They tout 100% grass-fed organic USDA beef and real cheddar cheese. From the list of toppings: I chose carmelized onions, my husband opted for lettuce, tomato and elevation sauce, and my brother was left very disappointed because bacon was not an option. Fries are made fresh and fried in olive oil. Service was quick and friendly. Burgers and fries were fresh as advertised. The fries were particularly enjoyable. Yet, I was left craving In-N-Out. This isn't a bad burger joint, but you can get a similar slighly less healthy burger down the street at In-N-Out without the elevated price.
4	Great friendly service.  The burger and fries were very good, I will be a repeat customer.
1	There ok a little price in and out still the best had a coupon for a free buger  so we got two double burgers one fry and two large drinks still was over  14 dollars like I said a little pricey well over 20 if I did not have the coupon
5	We loooooved it! We went with a groupon. We came at an off hour, so the place was pretty empty. Everything was extremely clean and they were more than well staffed, seeing as how the employees outnumbered the customers by about 3 to 1. Staff was pleasant, but not pushy.The burgers and fries were truly amazing! Basically, it's like In-n-Out (which I love!), but WAAAAAAY better.I love that they have grass fed beef, and that they cook their fries (with peels still on!) in extra virgin olive oil, although I'd be EXTRA happy if they'd do it in beef tallow, instead. But I guess you can't have everything. I've heard reviewers complain that the fries were salty, but I'm a bit of a salt-fan, so for me they were perfect. Burgers were extremely flavorful, and buns held up without getting soggy.The only thing that gave me pause was when we ordered a milk-shake it came in a cup that was only 2/3 full. After awhile I noticed that there was writing on the cup explaining that it was actually supposed to be served "glass half-full" style, and giving some sort of explanation as to why, but I still thought that it was kind of skimpy for a shake that costs almost 5 bucks.That being said, I still think that the rest of the food was DEFINITELY outstanding enough to warrant 5 stars.I only wish that they had more than one of them in Vegas. (although maybe it's better for this fat girl if they don't!!)We will be back, Elevation Burger. Even if it IS a 30 mile round trip!
3	Eco-friendly, certified organic, grass-fed and free range beef that is ground into beef patties on premise, therefore also very "pink slime"-free.  Besides the wholesome beef burger they also have vegetarian and vegan options that are all made to order, that pretty much sum up the draw of this relatively new burger establishment in the SW part of Las Vegas.  The restaurant was packed on my first visit, and the line was about 15 deep.  And I was looking to see if they have a petting zoo section hidden nearby, where you can hand feed fresh cut grass to some happy cows, considering the large contingent of toddlers and babies in strollers that were at Elevation Burger during that visit.  The middle of the restaurant was literally packed with knee-high kids giggling, running around and some falling down.  It definitely added to the energy of the place.The menu overall is fairly straight forward.  What kind of patties (options are beef, vegetarian or vegan) do you want, and how many, with or without their aged cheddar cheese ($0.50 extra per burger) and do you want it with or san the buns, plus their plethora of toppings.They have real ice cream shakes or malt, plus the super duper soda machine that dispenses mind boggling varieties of carbonated and non-carbonated fountain drinks.  If that is not to your liking, they also have bottled drinks in the cooler on your way to the friendly cashier/order taker.  In fact everyone there makes it a priority to be friendly to their customers, which I always appreciate.As far as the food, my burgers were served hot with fresh cold lettuce, tomato and pickles. The Elevation Burger (2x beef patties) with the cheese upgrade was a solid burger.  The Half The Guilt Burger with the Vegan patty was good and exceeded my expectation (the vegan patty was nicely seasoned and packed with flavors).  It is better than most fast food burgers, but they are still not as good as In-N-Out or The Longhorn (my current favorite burger at LBS).The chocolate Malt I ordered was creamy and thick. You have the option to add toppings from their menu as well.I would go back if I am shopping nearby, plus to support a business that is eco-friendly. But I don't think I would be going about my day doing whatever I happened to be doing and get a craving for one of the Elevation Burgers like I would for a Double Double Animal Style.But if you are counting calories or solidly in the organic food movement, than Elevation Burger is definitely for you.Service:  4/5  Friendly, but somewhat slow. Then again it was packed when I went.Price:  3/5  Premium pricing for the healthier for you and the planet organic and sustainable beef patties burger.Food:  3.5/5  Solid, healthy, lower calories burgers, but maybe some of the potential flavor is reduced as well.Parking:  3/5  In a busy strip mall, but there are also a lot of parking spaces.Solid healthy burger joint deserving of a solid A-OK recognition.
1	I dont like to give bad reviews to any business but on my first visit, we did take out.4 burgers (while the loyalty card is good idea already earned a free burger with the amout of food we ordered) there was a bad after taste to the burger.  The bill was over $32 and we didnt even order drinks.While waiting, we said.... what a cold unfriendly feel to the place.  Just another fast food joint with over priced hamburgers, a very limited menu and not much nicer than any burger king or mcdonalds feel for dining... just not worth it at all.  Sorry, didnt do it for us.
2	The menu is very similar to the franchises of Smash Burger and Five Guys. The only differences seem to be that the burger can have extra customization(s) such as: up-to 10 patties, difference sauces (elevation sauce which is similar to In-N-Out), and a few other amenities. The size of the burger and fries seem to portray similarity to the In-N-Out burger. The difference of the fries is that they are a bit more "soggy." The taste was just mediocre in comparison to other burger joints.The fountain drink dispenser is AMAZING here though. They have the new Coca-Cola produced machine with 100(s) of flavors!Elevation Burger is definitely an occasional place to visit since the burgers are not as great in comparison to the price.
4	If you look at my fb page, you will see all kinds of burgers there, so i think I'm a pretty fair judge of a good burger.  I tried this place on a whim, simply because we were in the area.Four solid stars (I reserve five for Bradley Ogden).  Fresh, organic ingredients make all the difference and they spell it out right on the menu.  I'm a big foodie, but try to watch what I eat, and feel better knowing that my ground beef is grass fed, organic.   I usually order the Elevation Burger with lettuce , tomato, pickles, grilled onions, and elevation sauce.  They have never disappointed me!I would compare this burger to an In N Out quality, but different taste.  That's a good thing as In N Out rates very high on my list of fast food burgers (the best actually...along with this place).  You can taste the organic difference though...Juicy, filling burger, that is quick and satisfying.Not a big fry guy (unless it's the pommes frites at Disneyland), but very comparable to In N Out fries.  The organic cookies are to die for too...I prefer the mini's!Text the promo that they have for a free soda too and you've got a deal as well.Go, you won't be disappointed!
4	One star for not being pink-slime manufactured meat being passed off as a burger.Two stars for it being organic and tasting good.Three stars for the fries, shakes, the cookies are ridiculous!, and the futuristic soda machine that made me buy a soda although I don't drink soda, but they had every flavor of Powerade I didn't know existed.Four stars for the vegetarian burger having flavor and being scrumptious.Minus the fifth star for personal reasons, one being that I hate to know how many calories I'm consuming and for the way they yell out your name when auctioning off the order. Just because they use your name doesn't really make it more personal than using a number on a stand that you take to your table. Needless to say when they scream my name I feel like I have to trip over tables and chairs and claim my food before someone else beats me to it, or maybe I just hate every one in the place knowing my name...hmmm. AS for the calorie thing, I've eaten nearly everywhere from Del Taco to Robuchon and if I feel like eating, I'm going to do it calories be damned.
5	Elevation Burger serves up truly clean, apparently ethically-raised food. For me, that alone earns 5 stars, because it's a big deal that this company has chosen to go a really difficult and expensive route to serve fast, clean food.The Elevation Burger burger (double meat & real cheddar cheese) was hearty and very yummy. The beef patties are about a half-inch thick, very juicy, and thankfully not doused in salt. They are actually slightly under-seasoned, but since most of the competing alternatives are usually pink-slimed salt bombs, I'm happy to season it to my taste.It's a messy burger and every bite was delicious. I only had the burger but the fries looked really good. I went there one other time and ordered the Elevation Burger protein-style (lettuce-wrapped instead of a bun) -- I would *not* recommend doing that (it's a hot, wet, juicy, greasy mess) unless you're using a knife and fork.The staff members are extremely enthusiastic but it's understandable. Unfortunately, as someone else noted, the practice of yelling out customers' names as their orders come up is somewhat awkward and unnerving, and should be discontinued, please. I try to eat burgers only very occasionally so I don't blimp out, but if I'm going to have a fast-food burger I'll definitely be having it at Elevation.
3	It's not a restaurant burger, and it's not the same as In-n-Out. But if you want a place that makes burgers healthy and offer vegetarian/vegan options, Elevation Burger might be for you. We used a groupon ($10 for $20 worth) so it was great when our whole dinner was covered with it. You definitely pay more than In-n-Out, but you are getting a grass-fed organic patty. And you can taste the quality. Don't get me wrong, if you're a vegetarian in any way, offering the option to order something meat-less is a big point for me. That's what I did, topping it with caramelized onions, elevation sauce, hot pepper relish, and cheese. And for a vegetarian burger, it was good. What was my mistake? I took a bite of my boyfriend's awesome elevation burger first. That did it for me. I usually don't regret what I order, but I did. The beef patty was that good...My son ate his burger and couldn't devour the fries fast enough (cooked in olive oil). We enjoyed the cool soda fountain, where you can mix your favorite Coca-Cola soda with various syrups. My boyfriend enjoyed his Cherry Vanilla Coke Zero.I wish Elevation Burger was a more convenient location for me. I like restaurant burgers, I enjoy In-n-Out, and I'll give credit to this place for being unique, offering health-conscious menu choices. I did enjoy my experience here, especially since we got to utilize a groupon. As much as I enjoyed the taste of that beef patty, I would return if I'm in the area. Not enough to make a special trip...
4	Not a restaurant burger but you can taste the difference as far as quality compared to that pink slime ish! These burgers are delicious! All of their sauces for the burgers are delicious! And the shakes are perfection! I like that there is no pink slime, I like that its organic. People always talk about there are not enough decent places to eat without spending an arm and a leg.. Well here goes one, Lets support them!!!! The service was great.. Oh yeah... the cookies are DELICIOUS!!!!! LOL")
5	I have to say that my sister and I were thoroughly impressed with this place. The food is good, but it is the staff that puts it over the top and makes it a five star experience. The hours on Yelp said that Elevation Burger opens at 10am, but they have changed and open at 11am now. We got there around 10:50 and I walked into the glass door. Walking away, we went to Pier 1 to kill some time and came back to a friendly apology. Between the two of us, we wanted to try as much as humanly possible without dying. Our order consisted of one Half the Guilt burger with one beef patty and one vegan patty, one vegan burger, one order of their french fries, one vanilla milkshake with key lime flavoring and mangoes, one fountain drink, and two bags of their mini cookies. All of this food for $20. Yes, they are more expensive than certain chains, but they also provide a different service. My sister and I was impressed with the veggie patty. You could see all of the individual ingredients and it was crisp on the outside. The fries are a little soggy, but tasted delicious. I got a drink so that I could play around with the Coke machine. I am not a pop drinker, so I ended up dumping it and went for the Cinnamon Orange Ice Tea instead. It was lightly sweetened and was so refreshing. I could have emptied the container if we were there any longer. I would definitely come back to Elevation whenever I am in the mood for a meat substitute burger.
4	With Groupon in hand, and some trepidation that "eco-friendly" would translate into a less sumptuous burger, I entered Elevation Burger with Diane.  By the time we left, I was reasonably sure that I would return.  For, the experience was definitely positive.Although this business, like other burger emporiums, will only make well done burgers, our Cheeseburgers happily were juicy rather than dry.  I liked the Elevation Sauce on both the burger and fries.  It was similar to a light whipped Thousand Island Dressing.  I also liked that the sliced pickles in a burger resembled the inside of a fried pickle.  And, the skin-on fries were flexible and excellent in taste.  Made in EVOO, besides sporting half the calories of ordinary oils, orders of fries were real big.  A single order could amply suit most couples. But I was less thrilled with the smallish Grilled Cheese Sandwich, which was composed of two hamburger buns facing back to back with melted Cheddar Cheese thrust in between.  The whole concoction seemed to be hastily slapped together and a cheap excuse to avoid providing real sandwich bread.Available drinks were quite fun and entertaining.  Root Beer Floats are constructed to order.  I chose a bottle of Wild Bill's Root Beer made with cane sugar to serve as the foundation for my float, and was not disappointed.But I also enjoyed playing with the magic Coca-Cola Flavor Machine that the restaurant manager said was directly hooked to the Coca-Cola Company, so the soft drink company knows how many beverages have  been sold in a given day.  Of the many diverse flavors the machine was able to spit out on demand,  I liked both the Barq's Vanilla Coke and the Barq's Diet Vanilla Coke, which I cheerfully added to my Root Beer Float.  Scoops of Blue Bunny Chocolate, Vanilla, and Coffee Ice Cream were the available choices for shakes, malts, and floats.  Diane also added and enjoyed Oreo Cookies and Chocolate Syrup to enhance her Chocolate Shake.  The staff was very friendly and almost overeager to please.  While we were eating, three different restaurant employees came up separately to inquire if we were enjoying everything.  Food orders arrived on metal trays with elevated sides, that I thought looked rather cool.  It was just another special touch emblematic of the whole dining experience.  And, if these hamburgers are healthier for you as they take you to a whole new elevation, so much the better!
4	I enjoyed the burgers here quite a bit. I wasn't really feeling the fries. They had a funny aftertaste. Probably from the oil they cook them in. The burger was moist and flavorful and the service was really friendly and efficient. I'd come back.
4	I freaking LOVE this place. The food is quality (fries are ADDICTING) and how can you go wrong with one of those fancy soda machines that dispenses 8,000 flavors of soda?! When I saw it had Pibb Zero I was in love. It all started with a Groupon and now I am on my 2nd loyalty punch card. The service is usually very good, although I was there one night and the line was out the door. To make matters worse, the girl on the register had the personality of a wet noodle and looked like she hated the very air she breathed. Not a good impression for first time visitors. That was the first less-than-good experience I've had there though.It helps that this place is close to me. They only have one location but hopefully they'll be able to open more so it's convenient for others too. Lord knows they've gotten a lot of my money so maybe that'll happen sooner than later! :-)
5	My wife and I are vegan, went there tonight and had a great burger.  The people were also very, very friendly.  We will definitely frequent this place.  Oh yeah, vegan veggie burger with whatever toppings you want was something like 3.79$  I had two.  I put the hot pepper relish on it which was grrrrrreat!
2	Ehhh... I wanted to try this place because it is down the street from my house. The burgers lacked seasoning & it was a little dry. I ordered half the guilt burger.... All you see is the patties. (ck out my pics i posted)I had 1 small piece of lettuce... the toppings were pretty skimpy. the fries @ $2.69 are a little expensive. It is very similar to in & outs.. except mine were very soggy and you don't get very much. Save you money... try five guys, smashburger, or LBS at redrock!
4	Really delicious food, even have things a non-red meat eater can enjoy.
4	Yelp 365 Challenge #147/365 (Las Vegas Adventures)After shopping at Buffalo Exchange, everyone was hungry. However, my soon-to-be daughter-in-law was craving Panda Express. It must have been the heat because I wanted to laugh and tease her that we can get Panda Express any time in Hawaii! But, she's a sweetheart and I had to look up the nearest Panda Express.During this time, my husband who was driving the other vehicle shared he wanted Jamba Juice (grrrr...like I know where everything is in Vegas, right?)Since we were on the opposite side of town from our vacation rental, I figured it would be feasible to drive closer to our vacation rental and find a Panda Express and Jamba Juice considering our first event for the family reunion was that night.We didn't end up at Jamba Juice. However, I was happy to see that the Panda Express was located in the same area as the Super Walmart that we shopped at the night before!In my mind, I kept saying "I don't want Panda Express. I'm not feeling oriental. I'm not feeling beef broccoli! Wait...there is no In and Out but what is Elevation Burger?!"I zoomed in on that sign and shared with my husband to sit in the car with our grandson who was fast asleep with the AC running. I walked in and thank the heavens...NO LINEI looked at the menu and the sides were ala carte to the burger. The prices looked pretty decent for a burger with me not registering (again) that the fries were around the same price as the burgers (I noticed in a recent review they've brought down the price of the fries).I ordered two cheeseburgers (you have your choice of cheese and condiments added).They didn't have the bottled water drink that was on the menu but the cheap Nestlee bottled water that was the same whopping price of the other brand bottle water. The soda machine was the prettiest and coolest thing ever for this island girl because I thought it was a water machine. Nope. It is a soda machine that I though only served Fanta Orange soda with the other cola flavors. I was wrong! As I pressed the fanta button..ASSORTED flavors under FANTA popped up. If I could play around with that machine, I would have done that but that alone would have gotten me kicked out. The place is pretty roomy, airy, and clean.Customer service is friendly and easy-going. The total price is not friendly at all but with organic beef when is it cheap, right? For two burgers, drinks and fries...we paid a whopping $23 (Whopping must be my word of the day).However, when we bit into the burgers...I didn't mind the price at all. It was juicy, big, messy but so worth the calories consumed (I entitled myself to indulge on the vacation...not much, though). In my humble opinion, Elevation Burgers in Vegas surpassed Burgers on the Edge on Kapahulu :) Viva Las Vegas!
4	Love this place.  Been here three times now and will definitely go back.  Need more places like this in Las Vegas and Henderson.  Grass fed and organic beef burgers are delicious.  We order them bun less with lettuce wrap.  Love the selection of toppings.  I also got an Elevation Salad with balsamic vinaigrette.  The salad is made fresh and delicious with feta, strawberries and walnuts.  Love, love, love that fries are cooked in olive oil and not nasty vegetable oil.  Kids really enjoy the real ice cream milk shakes.  Can't wait for them to come to Henderson.  Only downside is over course the price.
2	It would be great if this place was all organic- including the veggies and bread, etc.- but it is not. Our burgers were ok, and our fries were terribly greasy. I had a belly ache the rest of the night. Great service, but much too greasy for my tastes. And if you are going to have organic free range meat... go all the way with the rest of the food!
5	Great place for great food! Organic free range beef!!! And great fresh potato fries with any number of shakes?! A+++++
4	Great food and outstanding service at this unusual burger place.  I say unusual because they seem much greener and concerned about the environment than I've seen with other burger places.  I like that they have a vegetarian and vegan burger on the menu, which are both delicious.  The fries are heaven, if you like them shoestring-thin and crispy.  And if you like soda, you will really love their high-tech soda machine!  It has dozens of soda flavors, some of which I didn't know existed, and a quite a few light or sugar free versions.  They also have milkshakes, to which you can add several interesting ingredients for more exotic tastes - mango anyone?My only wish is that Elevation Burger expands their menu list, especially for burger toppings and side items, e.g. would love to see onion rings on their menu.  They certainly know how to deliver on good, quality food and drinks.
3	I had the elevation burger and it was OK.  I like the organic twist they have on this and when u text the number they have on the window you get a free drink on your first visit.  This burger wasn't anything special,but it was worth the price.
3	It wasn't great but it wasn't horrible either. The burger meat itself doesn't have much taste, so I don't think they season their meat, but they have a lot of free toppings to help it out. We tried the Elevation burger...I'm guessing it was from the cheese but it was very greasy. Surprised since this is supposed to be a healthier burger. Even with the Balsamic Mustard and Carmalized Onions, it still didn't have much flavor.  You can tell the fries are fresh, they were on the crisp side too. Pretty good, I've never had fries cooked in olive oil, I'm a fan! They didn't even need the Elevation dipping sauce they offer you.The women's bathroom surprised me in that they had no toilet seat cover dispenser in the stall. If it was an old restaurant I would understand. But they do provide a step stool for the kiddies to wash their hands at the sink. The prices are decent. Be sure to get your card punched for a free burger after 6 patties purchased. The staff was very friendly, willing to refill drinks, clean up our mess, etc. I'm doubtful I'll return. There are better places in Vegas to get a burger.
3	Elevation burger when you look at the menu advertises to be a moderately healthy eating establishment. I had the half the guilt choice with one beef patty and one veggie patty without any cheese, wrapped in a lettuce leaf.  The patties were both flavorless and mine were still greasy.  I am unsure why since I didn't have cheese or anything greasy on the burger.  My husband had two beef patties that were just dripping with grease and he said the flavor was alright.  Normally, the flavor lies in the fat and grease but somehow these burgers managed to be greasy and flavorless.  This was really kind of disappointing because healthy food can taste good.  Spices do not have calories.On a positive note, my husband enjoyed his fries.  They were fresh and didn't have salt so you could control the amount put on them.
4	Ok i have been waiting for them to open to see if its gonna be good boasting 100% grass fed beef. I am i fan i love the taste of the burgers, and they were not too big either. the only thing that would be a concern for me a mom with 3 kids is that its  not exactly economical as in n out. BUT i would be back for sure to try the shakes and more burgers.
1	Tried to find this place Friday night 9/28/12 and it appears it's closed... ??
4	A lil pricey but worth it for the quality meat & ingredients.
4	Sadly, there are no Elevation Burger locations in Las Vegas (or Nevada for that matter) any longer.  If you want to try it out, the closest locations now are in Southern California.  I hope the company does well and expands in the future.
4	I was hesitant to go here because someone at work tried it and said the burgers were greasy, fries were green, shakes were bad. However, I looked at reviews from other places around the country (none for Las Vegas at the time) and most people had good things to say. I figured it's a burger, how bad could it be. So I tried it.First, let me say, that one of the reviews said that the flavor is different and it is, a very good different. I can't stand most burgers from either fast-food or sit-down restaurants because they just never season the meat. Give me a little salt or something people!Anyway, this burger has major flavor, but it's not like a flavor from any other burger. So some people may not like it. I don't know why it tastes so different...I read that it was grass-fed beef, maybe that's it. I don't know.To those that said it was dry, must have gone on a bad day. I have eaten here several times and the first time there was juice running down my hand, yet somehow the bun wasn't soggy. I have had a dry burger here one time, but every other time...it was great.The fries really do nothing for me. They are ok, but nothing special. I would give it 5 stars if the fries were better. I haven't had a shake, so can't comment.This is absolutely the best burger I have had out in a LONG TIME and is now my go-to burger place. I would recommend anyone to try this at least once. As I said, the flavor is different so you may not like it, but you may also LOVE IT.
1	i think they have closed down already!! i never see the open sign on or no one in..too bad. but they were a bit high, with in n out down the street. it was'nt gonna last.
5	I only went here once, but when I did I really enjoyed the food.  The burger was nice and juicy.  Very delish and I love a good burger.  I guess they closed not long after I went there =(
5	Was going to eat at our usual lunch place but my daughter wanted to go in and try something different. Was not disappointed at all! Their burger was juicy and not overly seasoned. Their meats are grass fed/organic. Also had a chocolate milkshake with oreos and oh my, was it worth it! Their fries are freshly cut. Would definitely go back and recommend it to my friends.
