5	I just move to this part of Phoenix close where the flower shop is located.  The sign catch my attention and decided to give it a try.  I decided to get flowers to take home.  The flowers look fresh and high quality, and the staff is very friendly.  Has soon I enter the store I was getting greet.  The florist ask me for the occasion, and told me that she an make the arrangement right away and that she can put it on a vase for me. The arrangement turn out wonderful, great center piece, at a very reasonable price.
5	Best neighborhood florist I have ever used. Very friendly! It's worth the drive if you don't live nearby. They deliver too!
5	Amazing florist! I wanted to send a customized arrangement to my aunt for her birthday but wasn't sure what I wanted it to look like. I gave them my price point, my aunt's favorite color and favorite flower and they put together an arrangement that far exceeded my expectations. Their customer service was great and the florist's creativity is absolutely exceptional. I don't order flowers very often, but I will always order from Blooming Expressions from now on! Thank you for making my aunt's birthday so special!
5	I phoned to order flowers for a girlfriend who was in the hospital. My call was answered promptly and when asked if I had any special request I asked for "bright & colorful". To my surprise I was told the flowers would be delivered approx 1 hour later, wow!!! I paid via cc and about an hour later received a text with 4 photos of the arrangement (gorgeous & sooo exceeded my expectations) and letting me know they were out for delivery. Today I got a text from my girlfriend who said that not only were the flowers beautiful but nurses kept coming by just to see them! That's a pretty awesome compliment coming from a bunch of nurses who probably see loads of flowers every day! I will definitely be ordering again (and hope to be on the receiving end soon too ).
5	Ordered an Easter Arrangement and had a vision of what I wanted and when I called and spoke to their customer service they were so helpful in expressing what I was looking for to the florist.  The arrangement arrived at the schedule time and was beautiful.  The flowers were fresh and beautiful they got the vision I was looking for and their rates are amazing.  I have already placed my order for mothers day.  I wouldn't use any other florist.
5	Dropped in for Mother's Day for some thing nice..,.flowers were beautiful-they put together an amazing bouquet for me on the spot. Will definitely come back! Pic posted-it's the purple bouquet : )
5	I stopped by here to buy a bouquet for my mom and the found the staff to be friendly, and the bouquet was beautiful and exactly as I had asked for it to be! Prices weren't bad either! Thanks :) Highly recommended!
5	Ordering flowers for my wife while working out of town is challenging, but they made it easy.  I usually feel like a moron with the other florist I had been using. She even texted me a picture of bouquet twenty minutes after I called so I could see it before they delivered it - nice touch! They crafted a beautiful collection of live plants and cut flowers. My wife was the envy of all at her work. She noticed I had used a different florist and kept telling me what a beautiful a beautiful job they did. I'm sold:)
2	From my friends experience they efficient in their service for their customers. But practically for me they didn't have a nice job for me at all. So I would not like to appreciate them for their service thought they are eligible for that and many of their customers did as they expect. And these two stars only for their prompt and urgent service not for good.
5	I placed an order for a friend that recently received her doctorate degree and the arrangement was BEAUTIFUL! The customer service was superb and the price was ridiculously reasonable. I will be sure to spread the word about this awesome florist.
5	I Ordered flowers from here a couple of weeks and I just have to say the service was the BEST EVER! I called hours before they opened hoping some one would answer the phone knowing that it would not happen and they DID!   I just simply wanted to send flowers to a friend for his birthday being that I dont actually live in AZ. The lady i spoke with was the best and I Hope everyone orders flowers here if you want great service.!!!!
5	My husband surprised me with flowers while he was away on business and these were spectacular! This was easily the biggest and most beautiful bouquet of roses, lilies and hydrangeas I'd ever seen, and the lilies had not truly bloomed yet. The flowers were so fragrant they made the entire office smell good. I have no idea how pricey this arrangement was, but I can attest to the quality. Days later my flowers still look beautiful and smell amazing!
5	I live in L.A. And my grand mother lives in Arizona Phoenix. She had a surgery today and I totally wanted to surprise her with some beautiful flowers since I couldn't be there myself. I wasn't very sure which flower shop to call and how fast they could deliver. I decided to look on yelp and find a flower shop on here, after looking and finding one that had five stars, I was still not sure what I would get for the money I was spending... To be honest I really like to walk in to a flowers shop and hand pick the flowers myself usually, but in this case it was impossible. I just called this place and a very friendly young lady named Marie answered the phone, she made it so easy for me to order exactly what I wanted and promised me to text me via phone a picture of the flower so I could approve it, I mean how awesome is that?! To make the story short, my grand mother loved the flowers and it couldn't have looked more beautiful. Btw there timing was amazing too... It was delivered only few hours after I called it in! Thank you and Thank you
5	Ordered flowers for my boyfriend in Phoenix all the way from Bloomington and found this florist on yelp. It was so much better than I could have hoped for and the flowers were even more beautiful in person than on the website. Even the card was handwritten and the perfect card for what I was trying to say. When I put in the wrong apt number, the deliverer made the effort to call my bf twice to make sure she was getting the flowers to the right person. I couldn't have even happier with the service and product. Thank you Blooming Expressions!!
5	We ordered flowers for our Aunt's memorial service in Phoenix and dealt directly with Maria.  She was very knowledgeable and the pricing was very fair.  The arrangements she created for us were very satisfying.  We even got compliments from others at the service over how full, large and beautiful they were.  More colorful and fuller than pictured on the website.  Maria will deal with you on pricing, included delivery.  DO NOT GO THROUGH FTD. On the downside, be sure you communicate exactly where the flowers are sent to.  They were given wrong info from the mortuary in charge and the flowers just made it in time for the service.
5	Blooming Expressions Flowers, you are awesome!  Thank you so much for the quick turnaround and the beautiful arrangement you made for my boss today.  It turned out so gorgeous and my boss was really impressed and taken away by the arrangement.I am very picky and very particular, but Blooming Expressions Flowers blew me away with their arrangement.  I definitely recommend Blooming Expressions Flowers!  You won't be disappointment and their prices are very competitive!
5	The Blooming Expressions Flowers is the best florist in town! I used them for an elegant dinner party and the centerpieces were amazing. They were the most beautiful flowers I've ever seen and exactly what I wanted. Also, the staff are very friendly and helpful. I will always call the Blooming Expressions Flowers for all my floral needs.
5	LOVE the arrangement that was sent to my friend. So scary to send flowers from out of state but they were helpful and the flowers were WONDERFUL!!My friend was delighted and called to tell me she didn't even want to go to sleep because then she couldn't look at them!Thank you!!!I did not order off a photo from the website -- instead, I asked for pinks and talked about what flowers the recipient liked. Then, the florist worked her magic and she did not disappoint.THANK YOU!! I will be using your services again and wish you were in my state!!
5	Amazing flowers delivered !  Plus cutest card, sweets and balloon.Thank you so much. I recommend to everyone.
5	I went to this flower shop the day after Halloween to get a bouquet for my girlfriend.  They were one of the only shops open at that time on that day, so I decided I would take a chance, having never been before.  I walked in and was surprised to see no bouquets lying around ready to pick up.  Maria asked me what I was looking for, the occasion, and then explained that everything is made to order, they do not do pre-made bouquets.  I gave her my price point, which I find to usually end up with a decent, but not great bouquet.  Maria made one of the nicest bouquets I've ever seen.  I couldn't thank her enough and my girlfriend loved em.  I couldn't recommend this shop more highly.  It's rare to find a shop and a person who exceeds all expectations, but Maria and Blooming Expressions Flowers definitely did.
4	Great service, great flowers. I called last night and they delivered an elegant holiday arrangement -- to my specifications (no carnations, no mums) to my sister in Gilbert today. They sent photos to approve before delivery, so I knew exactly what I was getting. Thrilled with the result.
1	I would check zero stars if I had the option. My wife ordered flowers from Calif. to her best friend from high school who lives in the Phoenix area. The flowers showed up a week early. (They told my wife's friend that my wife had said that she didn't think her friend  would be home on the date requested.) My wife never talked to the florist until this morning when she complained. She called the florist and talked to Elliona, the owner, who told my wife that there is nothing she could and/or would do for her. The roses in the arrangement looked half dead. When my wife's friend called the florist herself, the florist told her that they get roses daily. She told them that they obviously didn't use the fresh roses and sent her the old roses from a couple of days earlier.This florist, from the reviews, looks like it takes care of the locals, but the FTD orders from far away, they could care less about. The owner, Elliona, even refused to talk to the owner of our local florist to discuss the issue. Great Customer Service - NOT!Elliona is in for a rude awakening if she treats customers this way
