3	One of 2 locations in the Charlotte area if you're looking for inexpensive slightly used kids clothing, toys, shoes, strollers, or pretty much anything baby....this is your place!  They also purchase your used baby equipment, clothes, etc if it's in good condition.  Check them out, sometimes you can find pretty good steals if your timing is right.
1	Nothing overly nice, about the same as a yard sale, but pricier. They only give you a third of what they plan to sell it for. So don't plan on making any money selling to them. Staff is rude & snotty with "comments". While my sister has had very good luck with the store in her state, the Pineville and Matthews locations, I would not go into again. Especially Pineville. They  have always have an excuse why they can't "accept" something. I swear I think they read off a list under the counter. Why are they in business? Maybe they don't want to buy top end stuff and would rather have a junky store. Try some of the other locations in Charlotte before this one.
1	No matter how often I'm there, the staff is horribly rude - not just to me but to every customer. If I ever find another place to take children's items, I will not return. There is no excuse for the ugly attitude and behavior to everyone.
2	Today was only my second visit to this location. My family just moved to Charlotte in June and frequented the location where we used to live. First visit was great, very friendly staff and welcoming when I mentioned we were new to Charlotte. I was happy to know I would have a great place to bring my 5 yr olds toys and clothes. Today was a different story!! I realize it is a Saturday (weekends are usually busy) but there appeared to be lots of staff on hand, but not much business taking place. I was sorely disappointed and left with a bag full of items that will go to Goodwill. Once Upon a Child needs to show "a little" regard for their customers and their time.
2	I've never tried to sell clothes here, so I can't comment on that. I hear they don't give very much money for your items, but that's to be expected, right? They are trying to make a profit.I have shopped here a few times, but I stopped going after I realized how long it took me to find anything I liked. I went when I was pregnant, and back then I didn't mind wasting time as much. But now that I have a baby, I'm all about getting in and out as quickly as possible.The store seems to carry a lot of the cheaper brands (Carters, Child's Place, etc), so it can be harder for me to find things that fit my style. I don't like a lot of graphics or silly slogans all over the clothes. There is a section of $1 onesies that I like (who can complain about $1 onesies?), but they aren't arranged by size, so it's hard to find ones that fit. The same goes for the pajama section. That section is also not arranged by size, just color, so you'll be browsing through every single pajama checking the tags to see what size they are. It's time consuming!I prefer to shop online for baby clothes. I get emails when my favorite stores have sales, so I wait to buy clothes then. I end up paying a couple dollars more per item than I would at this store, but it's worth it to me to save time and energy. Plus, I get brand new clothes!
4	I've been here quite a few times and never had a problem here, though I don't go for the customer service- it's not Nordstrom's. I will agree they don't offer much for clothing and other various items you might be selling them but then again they need to sell it as well. Heck, I bought a like new Bumbo seat for $10 and a play bouncer for $35. Go ahead and spend $40 for your Bumbo and $180 for your play bouncer....seriously. The older kids clothes- like 3 and up- aren't terribly great but I've found a few things, especially shoes, at good prices. And I've been to that shop in the park road shopping center- can you say full price? No, my child doesn't wear Ralph Lauren- so if you want that go pay full price somewhere else. They have good finds, but just like the Goodwill, you're not going to find the same thing each time. Oh, I'd also like to ad I bought a like new pack n play there for $30. You can't beat that- really.
3	This store isn't going to win any beauty pageants and certainly not Miss Congeniality, but it has a great selection of low to middle end brands of baby clothing and toys.  This works for me since my Yelp Baby grows out of his clothes every two weeks.  I'm not looking for the finest Egyptian cotton to catch whatever mystery liquid escapes him on a given day.  $1 Onesies and $5 sleepers? Good for me!  Picked up some great bouncers and activity centers for 60% off retail.  Works great, just make sure to take those suckers apart and bleach the hell out of it before letting your little angel lick every nook and cranny.  It is important to note that this will not be a quick stop.  The organization for a lot of the items makes my brain hurt.  The onesie wall is sorted by COLOR.  Insanity.  Not size, not gender, not style...COLOR. *bangs head on wall*
