5	Great store!!We bought a used Canon Rebel for our daughter for Christmas.  The salesman was extremely knowledgable and helpful and we got a great deal.  Included were four weeks of camera classes, exploring all aspects of taking good pictures using the features of your camera.  My daughter is learning a lot and feeling more confident in her picture taking.Here's what I love most about this store.  When the camera stopped reading the memory card unexpectedly my daughter was very upset, thinking that repairs would be expensive.  We went to the store and they said that they give a one year warranty for all their cameras.  They even gave her a newer Canon Rebel with lots of upgrades **for free** to replace the broken one!I highly recommend this store.
2	Very disappointed. Have bought a bunch of stuff there  to help the local shop out- then went in to have one old photo scanned. I did not have a thumb drive with me at the time and she said I can do it now and put it on a disk. Went to pay for it and it was $4.99  (99 cents for the scanning $4.00 for the disc) REALLY?  She did not tell me it was that much before she did it - I am about to buy a Cannon 70D and guess where I will not buy it?Hello big box store - there is a reason why the small guys are going out of business!
5	Had never heard of them before I started looking for a digital camera. Have been in a number of times, had a 16"x20" print made there, and they have always been top notch in terms of customer service, knowledgeable, and just taking time out to answer questions. Fantastic team there, and highly recommend them to any one.
2	The Cardinal may be the State bird, but it's certainly not my camera store. I'm a full time professional photographer and I had an hour to kill between shoots the other day so I stopped by.  The selection is very meager and the very small array of professional lighting and other supplies was priced way too high.  Worse yet was the attitude of the staff. The one guy that stopped long enough to ask if he could help me refused to make eye contact and answered my questions in monosyllabic grunts while pretending to straighten up the displays.When I asked about a particular item (a Pocketwizard) he said they could order it. Wake up and smell the internet.  I can order it from Amazon and have it delivered to my house tomorrow!I buy sell and trade a lot of used equipment and their selection was very small and again the salesman refused to engage me in a conversation about used gear. From now on, I'll fly somewhere else for my photography needs and leave this Cardinal in its nest.
4	First visit to buy a camera bag and a wrist strap.  The staff was helpful.  The store had a good selection of bags and were willing to price match Amazon.  The salesman answered multiple questions I had and showed me a few items I may be interested in.  Prices are high as compared to online prices.  I left happy.
