4	Three of my friends and I went here to get pedis for my friend's bday. She kind of blindly picked a place (I don't regularly do mani/pedi, naughty me!) and we met there. For a smaller shop, they sure pack of lot of activity in there. Several spa pedi chairs were placed in a ring, facing outwards; probably 8 or 9 of them. This was cool, because we could all be done at the same time, but kind of disappointing because we tend enjoy encouraging each other to misbehave. Yay for text lol. We all got the same pedi special, 'Happy Feet' ($40, penguin notwithstanding) which included the usual spa pedi services plus paraffin bath and neck massage. They had a cappucino sugar scrub, which put me in heaven. One of the techs was keeping us laughing, with his constant chatter and witty remarks. "Happy Feet mean Happy Face". My tech was really good, thorough and efficient. The neck massage was eh, but I was not expecting some deep tissue therapy while waiting for my waxy feet to moisturize and my calf pores being invigorated with steaming hot towels. She did pretty good percussion, which I liked more after a few seconds. My friends also seemed pretty happy with their results; I did not really hear any complaints. I was last to sit and first done, with french tip and the infamous $5 flower on each big toe.  Like I said, efficient... but I did not feel hurried. She got a really nice tip, for making my normally bleh feet really, really happy. I hope to get her next time. Happy feet... happy face. :)
4	I like to get pedis at this place after (or sometimes during...shhh) work on Fridays. They're only $18 and they really work for it. Neck massage, foot massage, hot towels for your calves, if they served booze I would pretty much be in heaven. I've also gotten really good eyebrow waxes here. It's clean, the people are nice, and I've never had to wait long. I've been to quite a few strip mall nail salons and this one is definitely my favorite.
4	I went here today for my bi-monthly eyebrow wax and I made a note that I have to update because since my last review this has really been my go-to place for eyebrows and they've always been great. This in large part has to do with the fact that they appear to now have a dedicated wax lady on hand, instead of just letting whoever isn't doing a pedicure take care of you.I'm really mad at myself for this, but I cannot remember her name! I know it starts with a Z, so that should narrow it down for you. For the sake of this review, I'll act like we're old friends and Z is my cute little best friend nickname for her. Z is great. She always compliments my eyebrows and never asks if I "want upper lip". She is quick and accurate and she hardly ever has to go over my eyebrows with a tweezer to get all the strays she missed with the wax. I really hate that. I have pretty strong eyebrows. Not sure if that makes things easier or harder on her, but she always does a good job. Well worth the $8+Tip (bring cash though, because they charge $1 to use the card swiper). G + Z = BFF 4 Life
4	I love Zoya! She does a phenomenal pedicure and eyebrow wax. I never have to wait. It is very professional there. The decor is beautiful and I always relax when I'm there. Zoya told me today that she does Swedish massages at their sister salon which is right across the way in the same parking lot. They have a hair salon in the other location as well. I have been going there for a while for the Happy Feet pedicure. Best exfoliation, great neck massage and paraffin wax for the feet. Ahhhhh...my feet are so happy right now!
4	Nails by Tina took my pedicure virginity from me.  And I would keep coming back...even though it hurt.  No seriously, the girl who did my pedicure did a good job with the massage for my legs  and shoulder and painting my toe nails and drawing a beautiful flower on it, but i think she was a little rough on them when she was cutting the nails and cuticle because some of my toes still hurt to the touch. Anyway, Monica was my nail tech who did my manicure and she was SOOOO good.  She was very gentle and did a phenomenal job of my hands!  I left there looking like a princess who never touched dishwater in her life! She's definitely gonna be doing my pedicure next time!  She doesn't speak much English but lucky for me, I speak Vietnamese so I was able to conversate with her.  If you don't mind not having someone to chat to while you're getting your nails done, DEFINITELY ask for Monica by name!  As for their color choices, there were many but most were not OPI (which lasts much longer on your nails than other brands) and the colors were not particularly my taste.  Next time, i will bring my own color.  :)  But i definitely loved being able to do a mani/pedi at the same time!  Cuts the time I have to sit there in half!They have 15 nail techs on staff daily so you do  not need to make an appointment, just show up and you'll be helped.  But if you want to be sure, go ahead and call in to set one.
3	I LOVE PEDICURES HERE. I love getting happy feet but, I don't think it's worth 40$. They are way over priced but, i am sucked in............. Some of the people that work there can be pushy. It annoys me. If I say no once. Im not going to change my mind...
4	I'll admit it that I don't make it to Peoria Ave all that often, but when I do, I know exactly where to go to get a mani/pedi: Nails by Tina. Located in a strip mall next to Chipotle and Samurai Sams lives Nails by Tina and their wonderful services. First of all, I definitely appreciate nail salons that understand when people don't have hours to sit in their salon, so therefore they do the manicure and pedicure simultaneously. They even do shalac from the pedicure chair! Pure genius. They have a several pedicure chairs which means this is a great spot for a large group wanting to get pedicures done at the same time. In addition, they also have a good amount of manicure stations as well. The services are excellent and especially for the price. You get an extensive foot and leg massage plus a shoulder/neck massage with every pedicure which is worth the price of a pedicure in my book. The same goes for the manicures. The staff is incredible sweet and attentive. I definitely suggest Nails by Tina if you are in the area and searching for a decent Mom and Pop nail shop.
3	I don't work around here anymore so rarely come in but was in the area today and decided to get a good, cheap eyebrow wax for old time's sake. However, I have to deduct a star because they now offer threading (which is awesome and more places totally should) and they aren't that good at it. Let's just say I had to buy an eyebrow pencil on the way home. Plus they completely sabotaged my arch which I would probably list as one of my top three attributes right behind charm and an extremely high booze tolerance. So I'm kinda pissed.Maybe in a few months, after some practice, they'll get better. But unfortunately there's no way I'm going back to see.Still three stars for the Pedis and Waxing though. Just stay away from the threading if you want to keep your arch.
4	Loved everything about this place. Clean and classy. Great customer service and quality.
5	"Happy Feet P edicure" is what you want to get! Yes, it's $40 and worth every penny. Being on my feet all day in high heels and working as a waitress part time, I can appreciate a quality pedicure. It's not about pretty toe nails, it's about the hot rock massage, sea salt scrub, and don't forget the hot paraffin wax dip too! This was the most relaxing pedicure I have recieved all while sipping a pumpkin spice latte and watching the colorful Koi fish swim :-)
5	After moving to this side of town I have finally found my new salon!  Got the "Happy Feet" pedicure and am very pleased.  $40 got me the usual accoutrements of a pedicure plus extra foot and leg massage, hot rock massage and a paraffin wax treatment for my feet.  While the wax was drying I was surprised by a neck and shoulder massage!  Loved every minute of it! I came in around noon on a Friday ( without an appointment) and was sat down in one of their 14 massage chair immediately. Appears they are fully staffed today with at least 12 techs on.  Very clean inside as well.  I'm so glad to have found this salon.
3	Recommend for a quick pedi on your lunchbreak. Not really relaxing but very efficient.
4	I've always been a bit hopeless when it comes to doing my own nails; just wasn't born with that gene, I guess. So about once a month I like to treat myself to a pedicure, and I've been going to Nails By Tina basically since they opened. They changed owners or management a year or so ago I think, and went through a remodel, which is good because the quality was starting to slide there for a bit. It's definitely improved of late. My favorite treat at Tina's is the "Happy Feet" pedicure. It costs a bit more than the others on the menu (around $40), but for your money you get the usual soak, trim, file and polish, along with a foot and leg scrub, hot stone massage, and a dip in a paraffin wax mask that leaves your feet incredibly soft! (You can get the same treatment for your hands as well!) Callous removal and designs on your nails (which they push a bit) are extra, but the callous remover is worth it!I don't really have a favorite tech; they are all nice and competent at what they do, at least the ones who have worked on me. One thing I have noticed is that making an appointment with a certain tech does not seem to guarantee you will see that tech; the two times I did appointments, I ended up with a different person. Perhaps that's because the vast majority of their business seems to be walk-in, as opposed to appointments. Another thing I like about Tina's is that they don't take offense if you bring in your own tools or polishes; I prefer to bring my own because that way I know they're clean. (I've unfortunately had some bad experiences with dirty tools at other salons and had techs act insulted that I brought my own tools!)As far as manicures go, Tina's seems to be the "go-to" place for gels, fills and acrylics in this neighborhood. (I used to get "pink and whites" here but had to give them up...expensive habit!) Whether you want a simple, basic mani or elaborately designed acrylics, they can take care of it here. And as others have noted, you can even get your mani and pedi done at the same time! (I recommend coming early in the day for this option.) If you are looking for a good nail salon on the westside/Metrocenter area, Tina's is a great choice. Oh and don't forget about the Happy Feet. You're welcome. ;)
1	This place sucks!!!! They just charged me $25 to paint my nails. I can get a backfill for that price. Awful. I will never go back to get overcharged for nothing!!!  If I could give them 0 stars I would.
3	I have been here a couple of times and it is ok.  I like the "happy feet" pedicure, it is a little more at $40, but worth it with the callous, sugar scrub, paraffin treatment and a flower. However, last time I went, she asked me if I wanted a flower.  I told her yes and she decided w/o asking to paint a design (no flower) on all of my toes, then hands me a bill for $50!  I am not happy as it was to be $40... so I ended up paying $60 for a manicure/pedicure & then they wanted a tip.... $70 later, I won't be back!If you go, watch what they charge you!Now to go back to the regular place that takes forever, but does a great job and costs $38 for the same thing!
4	My sister was always proud of her nails because it's a product of Nails by Tina. It's true that her nails was quite nice, but I'm not really impress. My sister was a happy-go-lucky teenager and my parents always give's what she wants because she is the youngest.A day before my graduation day, she said that we should go out and go to a nail salon nearby. I already knew that she was referring to Nails by Tina because she needed a new nail styles.  When we got there, someone approach my sister and after introducing me. We already went to a room with some person who cleaned my nails for a couple of minutes and I'm telling you. She's good on cleaning my nails, then she did a very beautiful nails styles after that. And the charges we're very reasonable, such an awesome nail salon.
5	When I want a quick, quality, inexpensive services I come here.  Very efficient.
4	Fancy!!  No waiting, good service, and my nails came out great!
1	I use to come here all the time but then I moved out of the area. It has been a few years since I've been back. But I happen to be in the area and in need of a pedicure. This place is not like it use to be. I walked in and had to wait five minutes before the receptionist discovered I was there. Even clients were looking at me and trying to track down the receptionist. After I finally got helped I was instructed to pick a color out then she just kind of pointed in a direction and told me to go sit over there. After I sat down, I had to wait another five minutes and was told by three nail techs that someone will be right with me. Then someone finally came to help me and she took out what looked like an oversized shower cap to put into the foot spa to fill up the water!!! I had never seen this before. Of course she gave me the list of options I can get with my pedicure and they charge for everything. From what I hear this place has changed hands so many times. It isn't what it use to be. I know I won't be back.
1	Very angry after getting a bad mani and pedi today.  I went there last month and had a great experience, but not today.  I was rushed and treated like a piece of meat.  First there was some confusion over gel vs. regular manicure.  Then the nail polish job on my hands was done very sloppy.  It looks like a 7 year old painted my nails.  It is so bad with uneven coats and paint on my skin.  I came there to relax and instead was pushed around and made to feel like an inconvenience.  I'm an easy customer, nothing special.  They were harsh, rude, and did a very bad job on my nails.  I will not be back.  I should not have tipped at all.  Grrrrr.....
1	HORRIBLE! I just got my nails done here and wow I never knew someone could be so bad! My mom got the same color as me and her nail lady did AMAZING, but mine? Wow just horrible.. She Didn't even clean it up, I paid for getting shit rubbed on my nails! This has never happened to me.. Hopefully this lady will learn how to do her job. Just ridiculous !
2	Came in ON 4/13 for a gel manicure and pedicure. Pedicure was RUSHED! & EXTREMELY SLOPPY! 1st thing: HAD THREADDING ON THEIR MENU, I asked to get my upper lip threadded & the lady told me THEY DONT DO THREADDING. FALSE ADVERTISEMENT with a side of DISAPPOINTMENT! I had to ask the OTHER lady who was doing my nails to clean my feet up. clear & color were around the border of my toes, on my skin- damn near anywhere BUT my NAILS! Gel manicure was ok- seemed slightly rushed as well & there WAS NOBODY waiting- Not busy at all. WTF is the rush for? Knowingly you have to dry each coat with the lamp- times under the lamp for each hand were different. not consistent = poor results.ONLY GOOD things were:the slight amiancecute Fish thanks, great natural lighting non tacky decor! & Uniform coats too. More professional if only their work reflected that.
5	Absolutely the best spot to get ur nails done! Trinity is amazing and I wouldn't trust anyone else with my nails! Been having her do my nails since I moved to Phoenix almost 6 years ago and I haven't been disappointed yet! Deff recommend asking for her if you stop in.
1	Used to go there all the time and the last time I went the tech accidentally cut off a chunk of skin which was horribly painful and two days later I found out I had a massive staph infection
4	Ask for Trinity but you should probably call ahead and get and appt because she is often booked. That being said make sure you know who you spoke with because they will act like you never called. She does a great job. I have gone w/ someone else when she was not available and was disappointed. The shop over all is a 2/3 star but Trinity makes it 4
4	I've been coming here for years now.  I have tried other places but they are by far the best of their type.  I love that they do both the manicure and pedicure at same time.  Happy feet is the best and worth the extra money.   The only problem I've ever had had been with simple miscommunication and is always corrected.
1	Worst pedicure ever! Went in there for the first time yesterday afternoon. They were busy but still had plenty of chairs open for pedicures. My friend and I got seated right away and everything seemed great. Then the nail tech handed me the card to pick out which pedicure I wanted. The "regular" is $19 and includes "nail trimming, brief massage, basic nail color." The only other option was a $40 one with callus remover, scrub and paraffin wax. Kind of ridiculous that they only have two options with such big price differences. All other nail places I've been to at least include hot stone and a decent massage in their basic pedicure. I chose the regular with no extras. The nail tech seemed annoyed by that and totally rushed through everything. The lotion "massage" was pretty much just her slapping some lotion on my legs. We were out of there in about a half hour, which is the shortest time I've ever been in a nail salon for a pedicure. The nail tech did not thank us for our business and did not ask to see us again.. so I will never go back again!
2	I went here for a pedicure with my friend.  We were looking for a place that did designs and based on the other Yelp reviews this was where we picked.  I was not overly impressed with anything in the shop.  They did have a book of designs to choose from, which was something I have never seen before and was a decent touch...it definitely added some professionalism to the place.  I also have to admit the lady who did my pedicure as pretty nice, but she spoke very little English and could not figure out how to do a simple animal print design.  I ended up getting the highest priced pedicure that included a design.  When I asked how much it would be to include the other toes, the girl said $10 extra.  My friend had a more intricate design with rhinestones and was only charged $5 extra.  I even mentioned this, and was completely blown off.  I will NEVER go back to a place that nickels and dimes their clients.  Trust me, I'm willing to pay for good service, but c'mon, something that blatant cannot be overlooked by me.  I should also add the set up of this place is really odd as the chairs are in a circle.  They are also harder than a rock.
5	best in arizona!!! My nails always look the best, friendly staff and always clean I will never go any elsewhere Tina is the best nail artist outback
