2	This is the Wal-ly World of fast food places. Everything processed and genetically engineered. There is a reason it tastes exactly the same no matter which one you go to. Scary.I have to give them an extra star, per my own rule, because they do serve Coke Zero. The only reason I was even here was they had free food but even for free the price is too high. I am one who doesn't turn down free food but from Micky Ds I just might.The restaurant, for lack of a better term, itself is nice. Clean and efficient. Nice staff. But overall it is still a McDonald's. Satan won't even eat here. Nor are there any McDonald's in hell because the Devil thinks it is cruel and unusual punishment.On the plus side there are Unicorns in the ball pit and they serve alcohol upstairs but you have to ask nice and know the secret password.I will try my best to never go to a McDonald's again but once in a while they have cheap or free Big Macs which might lure me back for a second or two. It is sad that at the mire mention of the word Big Mac I can almost taste one. Ugh.I am sure some people like McDonald's and think it is a good value with fast and friendly service. Everyone is entitled to their opinion. In my opinion though with so many other great choices, some a thousand times better, why still go here. Oh well. Evil exists so we know what good is.
1	If you want to go to a fast food restaurant to be ignored, then this is the place.  The employees go out of there way to ignore anyone who might be in line.  Only when there is a line of 5 people do they slither to the counter.  Horrible business.
3	If you like Mc Donald's food, then this is a very good location. The location is very convenient and has entrances from 2 streets. The parking lot is kind of a pain to navigate but the lot is very clean. The employees at this location are very courteous and seem to be in a better mood than in most Mc Donald's locations. The drive thru here is extremely fast, even though it only has 1 lane going in. Overall, I definitely recommend this location over any of the others in the area.Still McDonald's food, though...
