1	Simply worthless! Where do I even begin? If you look at the 2000 US Census and see Queen Creek with a population of 4316 and again in 2006 with a population of 20,818, the rational person might think if these folks want to mail letters, we might need more than 2 representatives at a time and maybe stay open longer than 12-2 on Saturday. My trip today took 37 minutes waiting in line...The building is small and unnoticeable unless you are looking for it - then they have weird hours, especially the 2 hour Saturday operation. Here's a quick clue- if you can find a parking spot, they are closed. I showed up today at 11:30 and rejoiced at the ability to find a parking spot. See above...they were closed. I left and ran some errands in the area, returning at 12:10 - just 10 minutes past opening. As I walked in the door, I noted the lobby was full and it wrapped down the hall way and turned down another hall. Really? That many people in just a few minutes? Of course there were only 2 workers, so that helped the delay. While continuing with negative thoughts in my mind and watching the unsupervised children running around, screaming and playing with the PO Boxes while the mom didn't care. My only source of amusement while waiting in a line of more than 50 people was the number of people who came in after me. I counted 5 who walked in, looked around and said "Jesus!"...others looked forward to the October day when the new post office opens. Besides the operation hours, the constant line of people regardless of the time and the horrible parking situation is the limited supplies. If they are closed, you would think there would be a nice stash of labels, envelopes and forms in the outside lobby so that customers could complete their mailing ahead of time. That would speed up the line. No. The only thing in the lobby was a stack of fliers promoting the upcoming appearance of Phil Vasser at the performing arts center. That was the reason I had an errand to run - I needed to buy an envelope so I could complete the mailing. Otherwise there is a tricky traffic jam between the people holding the door open, then releasing to let people out, only to grab it again...and the people coming in needing supplies. They walk inside to locate the envelope and labels while the rest of the lobby stares them down to make sure they do not cut in front of the massive line.Combine this with the mail delivery that sucks - wrong address, inconsistent times - just general suck-ass-iness...This place and its service just plain sucks. Glad I do not mail many items, but I will be glad when the new facility opens. Hopefully it is better!
1	Well the new post office in Queen Creek open last week and I have to say the office and ground are nice. But there is still this very big problem.THE SERVICE & PEOPLE who work there must be the slowest people in AZ.I gave them the benefit in old post office due to the size that must be some of problem, but no it is not.So Mr Postmaster what do you have say to service to service you offer in QC.Where are Kiosk'sWhere is the self service machineWhere are you friendly workersWhere or Where is the service?My business will always go to the UPS store in QC , where the service and people are very customer service friendly and speedy.And yes they will process all US Mail.No wonder the USPS can't make any money it run by Moron's
1	One star. Why? Look at my picture.  IT IS ALWAYS LIKE THAT!!!!!  Add more people to check out - It really is a simple fix!!!!
1	The Queen Creek Post Office:   OK, what can you say about a government office that seems to open and close on their own time? No hours of operation listed in this post office & Saturday hours that seem to change to meet the employees whims. Wait a Tick? Don't we pay their salaries? Wankers!
1	Slow, slow, slow, and did I mention SLOW.....
1	OMG where do i begin? 1st problem, ordered a cd from amazon, it was returned for "error/omission" i contacted qc p.o. they said it was probably a sticker placed over the add, thats usually what happens (but no definite answer) the guy who sent it emailed me a pic of returned cd... i didnt see any obstruction where u couldnt read the address?!? now I have to pay shipping again?! since that day i have not been able to get a hold of janet on the # she called from, been calling 480-888-2214 for 4 days, busy EVERY time u call, called qc city hall they gave me 888-0551 just rings & rings. NEXT PROBLEM yesterday in our mailbox was a note from mailcarrier that said "does anyone with the last name smith live here? please check box yes or no"ive sub. smith for our real last name. now, we bought this house 2 years ago, theres been no changes since then? when we open the box to get our mail theres our name right there on the inside? why would this idiot ask this? it also seems like we havent been getting mail that much the last 2 weeks?but of course if i want to talk to someone i would have to drive to the post office!!!!
1	Avoid this post office branch like the plague!  Waits are excessive and the staffing here is minimal.  The photos here that show long lines are a perfect example of what you will encounter here!  Awful!
4	I just have to say how much I love this post office , the workers behind the counters are always so friendly , they are fast , they ask all the right question with great suggestion .i always forget to have a printed label , they do it with out question , never make me feel bad .clean inside and out . Thanks so much for all the hard work . Not sure The name if the person who helped me today , but if cleark #1 is you , you made my day ..
4	I think this office is getting a lot better with their service.  They have somebody there just for people who are picking up parcels..that really helps with the line.  I don't think people realize that they can also use the automated shipping service inside the post office.  I do my shipping labels from home when I ship priority, but other services I use the auto shipping in the post office.  Overall, they are definitely getting the message and have been manning the counters full time (at least lately).  Crossing fingers!
