5	Amazing customer service and food. Great atmosphere. Thank you to both waiters that took care of us, Edgar and Juan
2	We had eaten there two times so far, the food is great... The Hostess was good, very nice, the waiter, Edgar,  different story, he made us feel like we were bothering him for coming in, he was bothered when my 9 year old son wanted corn dogs, that wasn't on the menu, but he just asked, he Edgar just stood there with an awkward silence,  and made a comment in spanish, with The word Gringo in the comment. He also refilled my drink with out asking me and ignored the fact that my wife's glass was empty. .. what a shame this place had great food but piss poor service.
5	EXCELLANT ! Worth waiting for. Price is fine for the quality and quantity.  Everything is great, especially enchiladas and green corn tamales be sure to add cheese.  We are totally fans and will me back, a lot
1	Ok so I super excited to have a new Mexican resturant in the area and boy was I disappointed with this one. This is not good Mexican food and you can tell that wait staff had no idea what they were doing, they all seemed confused including the management. Their salsa had no flavor and was just watered down, I wont even talk about the horrible margarita I had. I wont be going back I was truly not impressed.
4	Food: Great family size portions, always hot, bold flavors. The chips and salsa are okay. Not the best I've had, certainly not the worst. It's nice that they offer a couple different types of salsa if you ask depending on your spice preference. We've had beef, chicken, seafood, pork, soup, and salads. All delicious. Especially impressed with the soups. Tortilla was our favorite. Very deep, rich flavored broth. All meats have been tender and clearly slow cooked. Service: Friendly, quick, consistent. They've always checked back on us to make sure we're happy with the food. Ambience: Colorful, tastefully done, and festive. As usual with Yelp, some of these reviews are laughable. Trying to order corn dogs at a Mexican food restaurant, being upset about having your drink refilled, upset that your plate was hot?!    Hopefully these guests can return to their preferred Mexican food restaurant, Taco Bell, which seems to be more in line with their level of dining maturity. My wife and I have been here nearly every week since opening. There were some service bugs that were worked out after the first week but this certainly is to be expected with most restaurant openings. Glad this family owned restaurant took a chance on Maricopa. Will be back again for sure.
2	I'm not sure where to start. I guess I had my hopes up because there are few good places to sit down and enjoy a meal here in Maricopa.    We went during their soft open, they are now officially open. But I haven't heard anything positive about this place from any of our friends since their opening.   The chips were bland and their salsa was little more than tomato sauce with a couple of chunks of onion. I ordered the Tres Amigos which had chile rellano, chile verde, and chile Colorado. The pork was tough, but the verde sauce was nice. The chile Colorado was bland and even though the beef was tender, it lacked flavor. The chile rellano was ok. I did feel that the breading was too thick, but thankfully the cheese was tasty.  The refried beans reminded me of baby food. Pureed beans thinned with a bit of water. The rice was mediocre at best. My husband ordered the chicken enchiladas. He was unimpressed.    Our server was prompt, but I seriously think he was high. Cocaine is a hell of a drug I hear. He didn't speak any English, which made ordering a pain. He also made us feel like we were being an inconvenience any time we asked for a refill.  The wall decor is fun, though the elk head leftover from when the space was Teakwood's was a bit odd. :)
2	My wife and I were excited to see an new restaurant pop up where the old Teakwoods once was and were hopeful that it would really be a competitor to Penascos.  My overall review of Plaza Bonita is that it is painfully average and incredibly underwhelming.  This is nothing more than an standard run of the mill Mexican restaurant. That would not be a bad thing if they really nailed the food; which they didn't.The first thing I noticed was that the chips and salsa that came out were sub par.  The chips were very thick and oily and the Salsa was completely liquid, no chunk of any kind save a few pieces of onion floating inside.  Mind you this was supposed to be garden salsa, which should be very chunky, not a chipotle that one would expect to be without chunk.  I ordered the Enchiladas Deluxe and when I asked if they could put Carne Asada inside instead of shredded beef.  I was told they had no Carne Asada, so I went with chicken...   Good thing I didn't go with my initial thought which was Carne Asada tacos.  When the plate arrived immediately I noticed that the refried beans were like puree so they were runny and I am fairly sure they were out of a can.  The rice was bland and again tasted like something seasoned with a pre-packaged seasoning mix.  The enchiladas were... enchiladas... but the tortillas were thick and spongy so they also didn't earn high marks.  Everyone else I was with had about the same impression with their meals.  The food wasn't terrible but it was just something you can get at any Mexican restaurant, both sit down and drive thru, and was not executed well.  I can go anywhere and get Mexican food so why would I choose to spend money at just another Mexican restaurant when I can choose Penascos, On the Border, Macayos, Blue Adobe Grill, etc?  All said in hindsight I would have rather taken my money to Federicos and spent about 1/5 the price... Hell at least at Federicos I know they are going to have Carne Asada.
1	Food was ok. Service was horrible. Waiter was extremely rude and never refilled our drinks even when we asked. The furniture was very outdated and looked dirty. We had high hopes that we might have a decent restaurant in Maricopa, but no such luck.
3	Very pleasantly surprised by this new Mexican place in Maricopa. Pollo Asado had a nice kick, the chips were tasty, pollo fundido was delicious, and the house margarita was quite strong.
3	Liked the atmosphere. The service was great. Our waiter was awesome. The food was good, but not great. I'll have to try it again.
4	The food has been great every visit. Had the same server, Edgar, all three times so far, he's got the perfect level of attentiveness, not to clingy or distant.
5	Tonight  my boyfriend  and I  decided to give this  place a try. We were  a bit  concerned  after  reading  the  reviews from our  fellow  Maricopans who warned of hot plates, bad food, bad service, no corn dogs  and gross diarrhea.  To our surprise we had a spectacular  experience!  Note: our waiter didn't  speak English  but I  found  it authentic  and charming and I think  it's  only fair  to say  my boyfriend  speaks Spanish. The chips were hot and crisp with  a spicy salsa which was delish. Spicy foods upset my stomach too and Diarrhea is a definite  possibility,  but I  will gladly embrace it should  it happen! I ordered  the seafood chimichanga which came with light and fluffy rice and refried beans. Very good dish. The show stopper was the shrimp fajitas my boyfriend ordered. The shrimp was tail on, split and grilled and seasoned to perfection! His fajitas  came with homemade beans, rice and all the fixins. I stole tastes from his plate  and can say honestly it was nothing  short of orgasmic, seriously,  I wanted  to roll around  naked in his fajitas but I digress.... I will, i MUST, go back...SOON! If you are basing your  decision to go to this restaurant on the reviews  of your fellow townsfolk,  I remind you that most Maricopans are well.....I'm  too zen from my dinner to finish  that sentence. Tonight  I will dream of you, Plaza Bonita xoxox
5	Very attentive servers. Great atmosphere. Very large portions at a very reasonable price.
5	Food has been great overall and no complaints about the service.  We've ordered a variety of different items from the menu each time we go and have never been disappointed. We'll be going on a regular basis.
5	Finally a Mexican food place that has flavorful meat. The portions were very large and very tasty. The decor is new and very nice. The server was very good. Our New Mexican favorite!
4	Food was good and the service was as well. Happy to finally have a decent sit down Mexican food place in town!
