4	I like coming to this St-Hubert when I am in the city, its cozy and really nice. The waiters are friendly. Depending on the days service speed varies. Food doesn't always come pipping hot, fries are cold and soggy.
5	We had their lunch specialFour of us had white breast of chicken choice of side all the coleslaw and bread for about 60.00 taxes includedA great value and very good serviceI would recommend this busy place
4	I love St Hubert, their roasted chicken, their salads, their appetizers...everything is good. This one is located in the Village with a nice outdoor seating area.Solid food, good service.
1	The service was awful. I ordered a club sandwich and my wife and son both ordered Tuscan chicken. We waited 40 minutes for the food to arrive. My wife's chicken was burnt so that was sent back. Not a good experience considering what we paid. Will never go back again.
4	St. Hubert has delicious food but my biggest complaint is the lack of servers. I came here on a weekday and it wasn't busy at all but there were two waiters and one hostess and they had an entire restaurant to serve. At one point all of them were at the bar mixing drinks and there were times we could not find a waiter. Dinner ended up taking THREE HOURS from start to finish. The food was delicious and pretty fairly priced. I got the meal that came with unlimited soda and dessert for $20. The chicken was tender and had amazing flavor. My volcano cake was good too. I had unlimited soda but because the waiter never came by, I only had two cups. Also the waiter never offered me cole slaw or the option to change my sides. He didn't give a shit, really.  P.S no matter how curious you are, do not order the BBQ Ranch cocktail. You will throw it all up. It's absolutely disgusting. The drink tastes like cold chicken. P.P.S the waiter was delicious so I forgive his slow service P.P.P.S there was a homeless lady we watched from the window that was hustling people for money. At one point she was pushing people so that made for good three hour entertainment.
3	Went with a largish group after we found our planned-for destination had no room.We the Bangkok and Mexican salads, a Steak, and Chicken with Fries.Everything was good; steak-eater pronounced hers 'excellent'.Also some desserts, which were good, but we sat next to the dessert prep station and it was a little disconcerting to see them prepared (open up a box of cheesecake, pull out a slice, sauce and serve)Prices are reasonable.Service, on the other hand, was not so hot. Our waiter was often nowhere to be found.  He also forgot to offer a dessert menu, and, more importantly, that some of of table had ordered a prix fixe meal which included dessert.So good, but kinda rough around the edges.
