4	A really lovely surprise on a rather horrific family road trip.We were greeted at the door, the waitress was a peach, and the nice man who filled water/helped out was the sweetest guy ever. The food is also great if you're a fan of the diner-type grub; my hot turkey sandwich will live on in my dreams.You can definitely tell the place has the old time appeal of a great family place as all the locals (mostly older people) know each other and it's clear it's the happening place for breakfast with the over-60 crowd (but hey, that says the food has to be pretty homestyle and tasty to me.)  If you're headed down 94 and need a good lunch stop, make this it.
5	Very nice and clean place to have breakfast or lunch
5	I eat here regularily because it is consistently good.  Very large menu which makes it tough to choose but never disappointed!
4	Unlimited hot coffee. I don't have any recollection of what I ate....I wanted t give it four stars, but that would be a very generous review for a meal I cannot recall.I know it was decently good, and it's like the only restaurant in Deforest.For that, I give it four stars.
5	Homestyle cooking at its best, dnt go to culvers, McDonald's or whatever trash is right off the hwy, head a bit further down u will find this gem, one of the reasons I love this place so much? They dnt play annoying music, scratch that, they don't play ANY music. People working here are super nice as to be expected. If I owned this joint, I would invest in a new bigger sign, as I drove right by this place and almost missed it twice.
4	Nice simple homey diner. Very friendly staff, huge family friendly menu, salad bar. If you are on the road this beats the same old options.
5	Love their breakfast menu & they have friendly waitstaff. We go there nearly every Friday for the last 4 yrs.  I love that they don't play any music.  It is quiet, conversational, and comfortable.
1	Went here for lunch with two co-workers, checked Yelp before we went and the reviews were very positive so we decided to give it a try.Yikes! How can the reviews be 4-5 stars and the service at best "average", the food was terrible and myself and my co-workers all agreed, this restaurant doesn't rate two stars.I had one of the special Friday offerings, Smelt. It came with a salad (very average but fresh), fries (ordinary) and the Smelt. After a 20-25 minute wait our server came with our orders. I looked at my plate and was shocked! There was 12-15 so-called Smelt about 3" long and deep fried. They looked like little fat cigarettes! I bit into one and it was all batter, I tried another and it was the same. I had deep fried batter for lunch!!I haven't had a meal this bad since I got out of the Navy!  My co-workes meals were not much better, one had Chicken Fried Steak and he said it was made out of the box. My other co-worker had the Cod and he said it was mushy and brown colored! YUK! I hate to write such a negative review but this restaurant earned "one" star. Maybe they have great breakfast! I hope they do because their lunches are sub-par. There are other restaurants on this street/highway, I'd give them a try before I stopped here. I know my co-workers and I won't be coming back.
4	Don't have time and/or cute outfits for Madison but want an alternative to Cracker Barrel? This is your stop. I started with the chicken dumpling soup. Simply divine, so much as to seriously tempt my veg accomplice. Cheese curds were another hit, far superior to those from the state fair.  Wraps, sammys, even the fried mushrooms were consistent, wholesome, and fresh. Service was on point, our waitress Brianna was business pro.  People watching was a little poor(s), to be expected in rural Midwest? I think our impassioned debate over drug use might have startled the crowd.Nonetheless, not a Cracker Barrel. Takes Amex.
4	Huge menu, fresh tasty food, reasonable prices.  Beats a chain highway place for sure. The chicken dumpling soup alone is worth a trip (fresh made every day and it caused my vegetable-phobic daughter to eat carrots and celery of her own voltion!);  the steak-cut French fries were great and the coconut cream pie was wonderful.
4	Food was very good. I had the Reuben sandwich. My only suggestion is that the waitress should check back more often to see if we need anything. Otherwise, I recommend it.
2	My boyfriend and I came here to have breakfast after New Years. We weren't expecting much being not at our best either. The service, as mentioned several times in yelp, is really slow. My drink was forgotten about and the next time our waitress came around she was serving our meal about 30-40 minutes from taking our order. The restaurant was probably half full of people. My boyfriends meal was mediocre "at best" as he put it but my meal was worse. My bacon and egg omelette was burnt and the cheese was scarce. At the end of our meal, our server still charged us for the missing drink but they were kind enough to take it off the bill, that is while we waited 10 minutes standing at the register. I wouldn't go back to this restaurant because I think my time is worth more than they treated it but could be nice for those who think differently.
4	Nice clean place with a very friendly staff.  Great homemade chicken dumpling soup and a very tasty club sandwich.  Decor is outdated, but not sloppy. Good local place to bring the family.
5	Had a great breakfast. Staff was the best--fast and friendly service, very attentive without interrupting us.  Ordered eggs as soft scrambled and they were just right, fluffy instead of those sheets of egg product that other restaurants serve. I'm picky about French toast too, and this was served hot and just right with warm syrup. Lots of locals here but we felt very welcome. Menu is huge, and we don't know how other meals are. If I had one suggestion, it would be to get new plastic menu covers or new menus period--could get the advertisers to chip in for them. A nice start for the last leg of our road trip.
5	Loved this place! The food was awesome and the service even better. Prices were just as great! Great place and we very highly recommend it!
4	Stopped for lunch with family on road trip, could tell we were on to something judging by very friendly greeting and the number of local families. Nice and clean, could use a little Wisconsin kitsch!Cheese kurds were fresh and not greasy. The chicken dumpling soup is very satisfying if salty. My Ruben was very nicely grilled and just the right size. My wife had the hot turkey sandwich with buttery mashed potatoes, moist turkey and plenty of gravy. We split some generous slices of homemade pies and got back on the road full.I-94 has plenty of family friendly spots but most are chains, this is clean, good and reasonably priced. Our 'go-to' next time we're traveling.
