5	Heather and Ashliegh have changed my life. They are amazing pilates instructors who know their stuff and how to teach it. I've been practicing pilates for 8 years and these are the best instructors ever. Amazing!
5	I am new to Pilates and after just a handful of sessions, I am hooked.  Heather and Ashleigh are very supportive, nurturing, and fun.  I like that Pilates is highly customizable, suitable for all levels of physical experience.  It is much less scary than it looks and I feel a difference already.
5	The instructors at Maximum Pilates are AMAZING! They're so warm and welcoming and the clientele is very sweet and kind! I came to Maximum Pilates on a friend's recommendation that Maximum Pilates has done wonders for her knee injury & her health (she also has a cute, little figure - which she attributes to Pilates). I had injured my back and was itching to try anything to get me mobile again. Heather and her staff have helped me not only become more mobile, but my husband swears I grew an inch - as Pilates has really helped me look more lean and long. I highly recommend Maximum Pilates to anyone who either needs to rehab an injury or get in great shape. You will not regret it! Call them and get on the schedule - you will see phenomenal results.
5	I  started with Jessica at Maximum Pilates about a month ago. It's been a great experience. The instructors are super knowledgeable, classes small and the equipment is top notch. The studio is unpretentious, welcoming and very relaxing. I always look forward to going and am getting stronger and seeing results every week.I would highly recommend it  if you're looking for a pilates studio.
5	Update: It has been 18 months since I have been practicing Pilates at Maximum Pilates and I wish I had before and after photos to share.  What a difference!  Normally, I would be completely bored by any exercise routine by now, but I still look forward to this one.  It has been such a positive experience.  The studio has added mat classes to the mix this year and I am enjoying them, too.  I work out with Heather and Pippa and can recommend them both.
5	So it's been about 6 months at Maximum Pilates and I love it. Pilates has changed my life and how I carry myself. When I have to leave town, I miss it. Heather and Jessica are great instructors and the studio is so welcoming. If you're looking to get started in Pilates, I would highly recommend Maximum Pilates.
