4	This is me eating my words.  I mocked those who reviewed McDonald's locations and now I myself am doing that exact same thing.  Here's where I will try to redeem myself as a Yelper - I am not reviewing their food as much as I am reviewing the decor.I will admit that McDonald's is a guilty pleasure of mine.  There are times their french fries call out to me in the night or I crave McNuggets dipped in sweet & sour sauce.  I may be drooling a bit right now, in fact.  What keeps me from frequenting there as I did in high school is both the knowledge of what goes into fast food and the fear of the oil and grease.  The fryer smell both draws and repulses me and I feel my skin getting greasy just from the proximity.  Nevertheless, if the call is strong enough, I will look beyond all that and get me a McMeal.  Such was the case recently.After an evening of wine sampling ("wine tasting" would imply that it was in small quantities, which it was not) my fiance awoke with a mean McCraving.  He is a recently reformed fast-fooder and had gone from frequent visits to the drive-thru to having avoided it for nearly a year.  We decided that if we were going to cave, we might as well check out the recently-leveled-and-rebuilt McDonald's.  Figuring that they were new enough that the fryer, exhaust fans, etc. would still be free of too much buildup, we ventured inside.This is seriously the best decorated McDonald's I have ever been to.  It has a mid-century modern feel to it with retro chairs, patches of dark wood flooring and what I can only describe as raised-circle-in-a-square ceramic tiles surrounding the drink/napkin/ketchup area.  I can seriously see some of the design elements being incorporated into a cool modern home.  Flabbergasting is how out-of-place it is in that area of town, where most commercial makeovers seem to involve stucco and tan paint.We ate our food in awe of our surroundings.  Was this the future of McDonald's eateries?  Or just a fluke?  I'm hoping it's the former.  If I'm going to stuff myself with fast food, it would be nice to at least do so in a visually-pleasing environment.
4	New building  So clean so nice so.fast
1	This McDonald's needs some serious help from customer service. The manager melody should not be a manager but in the back peeling potatoes. They continuously get the order wrong and make customers wait 25-30 min for a redo. Go thru it yourself and see what I'm talking about . Melody's body language suggests she is burned out and does not hold the McDonald's core values.
1	If I could this place no stars I would.  Slowest drive thru ever. Literally took 20 minutes to order. Then I was told to pull up and wait some more after I paid. They actually have designated spots for you to wait in which tells me they know how slow they are! This is not what I call fast food. NEVER AGAIN.  Next time I will just drive down the street to BK or Wendy's.
1	How often is it you see a chain fall so far from the standards for such a long period of time and yet corporate seems to just let them limp along.  It's a new , ok relatively new building but it doesn't look it. Tonight is the second night we've been in a two month period were  no fountain drinks no cafes or drinks other than bottled water, apple juice or milk were around. It's not like we frequent the place but  when someone puts out a habanero burger I feel obligated to support em.  Sadly the burger was the least juicy, scant of dressing one I've encountered so while it hints at getting hot there's not enough  on it to find out. They appear, no let's be bold here and state it , they reheat / refry  their "premium" crispy chicken wrap   it's nasty even before you get to tonight's surprise which is rancid ranch... Yeah a bite and a run to the trash can to hurl it out..As usual  no receipt, no real F's given about the lack of drinks, slow service  in fact  the opposite of the one up at T Bird / I17   If you have to eat  fast  and can go the extra couple of miles it probably will save you time and  result in edible food
4	Teenagers Stepping up to Fish Combo... oh the days if the simple Cheese Burger and nuggets...\Nice work Kiddo
1	Awful service. The employees and supervisors just act like they don't want to be there. Stood In line then cashier just leaves and supervisors and other employees just ignore you.
1	awful, people hand out here all hours of the night, panhandling and everyone smokes outside of front doors and side doors.no one does anything, i reported this over and over, now it is being reported to the state.  also, no one gets the orders rightand hardly anyone is at the counters, and no one speaks english.
2	Could use a lot of help. Customer service isn't the greatest. Place could look better. Drive thru takes a while. Playground could use a good cleaning.
1	I took my son there to play and the play place was filthy....it was so loud I couldn't even hear myself think..my son is two and had to fight through all the big kids to even play with anything! Overall..just won't be going back!
1	Absolutely horrible service and extremely dirty. DO NOT EAT HERE. There are better options.
