2	Nice apartments, however the apartment had a problem with Roaches and the complex didn't believe me and it took 4 treatments before they were completely gone. I haven't had a problem in months, but they should have taken care of this when I told them which is before I moved in.  Pool is nice but too many kids. The clubhouse is nice.
1	Looking for an apartment for when my lease is up, after my conversation with the office I can say it will NOT be The Edge at Lyons Gate.  Very snotty pretentious attitude, apparently I was bothering him with my silly questions.  I have no interest in living somewhere that changes their rates on a DAILY basis.
1	I live here.  One star is generous.  The office staff is incompetent, unhelpful and snooty.  They nickel and dime the residents on:1. water2. garbage3. pest control (yes, they really charge for spraying outside the apt, monthly)4. billing (yep, they charge you to charge you, monthly.  $4.95 paper, .95 electronic)5. force cable payment whether you want it or not6. $50 for extra gate cards for minorsThe office staff also told me it'd be $19.99/mo for internet, when it's actually double that through Century Link.  Additionally, if you want anything beyond basic cable, you'd better get it in the beginning, or it will cost you hundreds, unnessisarily.  But again, no one in the office informed us of that when it was relevant.Finally, billing is done through the apt complex itself, Centruy Link (for cable) and Direct TV (also for cable).  Very confusing and you really will need a diagram to understand billing.I don't like it. At all.  However, in fairness, I like the apartment itself, and hardly ever hear my neighbors, but do hear the cars on the street. Constantly.
4	Me and my fiance lived at lyons gate from march 2011- april 2012. we immediately fell in love. I love that area over there and wow a beautiful apartment thats affordable..we felt on top of the world!lol. not one complaint- maintenance was always on time and helpful, i never minded paying for the bug spraying or HOA because thats what kept it beautiful, the gym and pool and the outside grills are awesome, and i really liked the office staff- one in particular whose name is jennifer i believe. When it came to move out our golden retriever puppy had chewed up a hole in the carpet and some of the molding in the bathroom, i dont know if we lucked out but the maintenance guy bent over backwards to help us and it turns out we didnt have to pay much for the carpet because it was the original. never had any bug problems and over all i would live there again hands down. If you're looking to move into this place i swear by it you will not regret it!:)
1	My husband and moved across country to Arizona last summer. Finding an apartment was quite a task, as we could not go look at them or talk in person. Stephanie, who works in the office and was the one redeeming part of this place, was awesome for settling up our lease. That's where the good ended. Our apartment was DIRTY when we moved in. I don't think it was cleaned at all or inspected. We reported this and they said there had been problems reported with other units. No refund, no cleaning crew sent, nothing to make up for this. The problems continued. We set up repair appointments, took time off work to be there (we have a pet), they never showed up.  We had an oven that did not work - after reporting it, a guy came in, turned it on and said because it got hot, we were wrong. They took forever processing fees. They decided to redo the pool during May and June, when the weather was the hottest. They rarely unforced noise rules or regulations, they allowed kids to run wild at the pool area. They rarely cleaned the grassy area, so if people left dog poop, it stayed forever. There was no way to control the TVs in the fitness center. It was a very frustrating year. Like I said, Stephanie is great, she got stuff done. However I would not recommend this place to ANYONE.
5	Stopped here on a whim today to search for an apartment.  Very nice complex.  Clean  and well manicured.  My leasing consultant, Stephanie....AWESOME.  Was actually able to see a unit that met my needs.  It just had new carpeting installed.  I fell in love instantly and paid a deposit on it.  Little bit more than I wanted to spend, but it is really gorgeous.  Nice amenities.
1	Well, I was very taken with this complex and signed my lease today, picked up the keys and proceeded to take a few things to my new digs.  Upon closer inspection, (and I see everything), it was not very clean on the inside.  2 cabinets in the bathroom were soiled with cat hair, cat food.  Around the bottom of the toilet was dirty, every corner in the tiles areas were matted with dirt. The bathroom sink was leaking under cabinet, The stopper in the sink didn't work.  Should I go on, yes, everyone needs to be aware.  I got down on my hands and knees to scrub the floors, there is just tile in bathroom and kitchen and I had to change the water twice.  Spatters on kitchen counter and cabinets (I'm assuming from cooking). ALL the baseboards are dirty, and I'm not talking a few weeks dirty.   They probably haven't been cleaned in months. So, whomever checks these units before they go up for rent, needs to see the optometrist!!!  The lease does state you are responsible for cleaning and having the carpet shampooed before you leave.   I would think the complex would also have a cleaning crew come in.  Probably doesn't happen there. Also random spots of dried nail polish (on cabinets, door knobs, walls,etc)  I think I will need a case of Magic Erasers in there before I will feel comfortable to sleep there.  Thank god it's new carpeting.  I am sorry for the first review that gave them 5 stars.  I jumped the gun.And then there's the piles of dog poop in the common areas,  Clean up after your pets people!!!  I went to the office to complain about that as some it was close to my front door (no smell now but I bet its not too nice in the summer),  surprised to see this.   Just plain dumbfounded to find all this when they are so specific in their lease and all their "extra fees".  Don't believe I will be there after this lease.
