4	Delicious pizza. The best I've had in a while. Also reasonably priced. $11 for a 3 topping pie.
5	Very good pizza AWSOME owners who care about their customers !!! We ordered 2 pizzas and being that they are brick oven cooked a little dark underneath is to be expected - well my 4yr old and 5 yr old was not happy and not eating. The owner very kindly offered to make them another pizza without the dark bottom. Thank God he did because it was a home run for my 2 kids esp my 5 yr old daughter. We look for them every Wed night in old town Gilbert. We miss you guys and cant wait for you to come back. We LOVE your fresh pizza and kind conversations. God Bless you guys and hope to see you in Gilbert real soon!!! Keep up the good work
5	FANTASTIC! Such an interesting concept. Highly recommend Focoso if you're up for some amazing pizza.
5	Goodness. This is the best wood fired pizza I've ever had and the best food truck food as well. I will seek this out at any event I am out.
4	I am so happy I got a whole pizza from Focoso at the Local First event this past weekend... they were doing samples, but the husband and I wanted a whole pie. This was certainly the best pizza we have had out of a truck (and a great pizza in general). All pizzas are based on a margherita (so they have fresh mozz and basil) for 8$ and toppings are 1$ each. We had a pepperoni and it was pretty glorious. The pizza came out piping hot, with that nice somewhat blackened bottom on the crust... yum. They offer real parm to put on (none of that weird granulated stuff), which added a nice flavor as well. The crust was just crunchy/chewy enough, not overly crunchy or chewy and definitely not soggy. The tomato sauce was legit. Overall, it was a delicious pizza. I would seek this truck out, and you should too.
5	We had Focoso's food truck at our company's Christmas party and everyone LOVED the pizzas!  The truck has an amazing giant wood-fired oven right inside and they whipped up make-your-own pizzas or their signature spicy Focosita pizza, which was ridiculously tasty!  Delicious crust was perfectly crispy and charred from the oven.  I would highly recommend them for private parties and will gobble up another pizza the next time I see them around town.
