3	3.5 really.  nicest wyndham i've been to.  tall and a great view from my room!  well, the view is of a crane swinging back and forth but behind that are beautiful mountains!  and the decor doesn't make me want to puke!  the staff is helpful and management seems to be on top of things.  i got my ByRequest amenities perfectly!  (free wyndham membership, and reserve in advance so you can get your free beer upon arrival!) nothing like a nicely personalized room!  the rooms are big, but the set up is inefficient.  wired internet and only 3 feet of wire, so while working at the desk you can't see even a sliver of tv. cable tv.  the thin walls are all i have to complain about.  oh, and lack of outlets too. oh yeah, and the food- yick.
3	What a difference a renovation and eight months makes on a place.  I thought I had stepped into a W Hotel or something. The Wyndham definitely got the boutique hotel decor memo from a few years back and responded.   I remember this place feeling old-fashioned just last year, like a hotel where Gramps would feel at home.This hotel lobby now feels hip (dead, from very few patrons milling about, but hip) and sexy with the new furniture - think lots of browns, leather and dark wood and comtemporary art.The rooms were comfortable and hip just like the lobby.  And they are promoting an angus burger and bordeaux pairing in the lobby restaurant - classy, baby!  It's not my favorite hotel in town, but I was pleasantly surprised and even caught off guard by the Wyndham.  Now if we can just do something to liven up the streets around the hotel....
2	I stayed here for three weeks on a business trip, and I wasn't too enamored with the place.  The lobby is very hip and modern, and the bar, while priced at about what you'd expect for a hotel bar, is very nice.  The front desk is helpful and friendly.The elevators lack inspection slips and are incredibly wonky.  They open for no reason, sometimes open when going the wrong direction, wobble a lot, and the door will often hit you on the butt on your way out.The housekeeping is about average; they may sometimes forget to make your bed fully, leaving a bed sheet off or something like that.  The beds themselves are comfortable if a bit on the stiff side.The room keys are a pain since they're magnetized-- it's almost impossible to have one work for more than a day or two before you need to get a replacement.  (Unless you can keep them away from computers, cell phones, x-ray machines, metal detectors, and small children.)The location sucks if you lack a car.  There isn't really reasonably priced food around the area beyond normal business hours, except for a Subway-- and I just can't eat fresh that much.  This area of Phoenix has an incredibly large homeless population, and of course it's basically a dead part of town after nightfall.
1	Sure the lobby is fancy smancy but the pool is a hole in the ground filled with water and the rooms must have been left out of the recent renovation. They have a 4PM check in time and a noon check out time. 4PM seems a little too late, and seriously 4 hours to clean a room?I also have not seen a TV that small in a hotel room let alone in any room since my grandma's kitchen. The price was ridiculously high for the room/TV/bathroom/ and pathetic pool.  Service was alright. $261 a night. The restaurant was beyond awful. Service was a joke and food was terrible. I would never stay at this hotel again.
3	Other reviewers are dead-on here. I stayed for four nights and there was nothing glam about my experience except walking into the lobby - gorgeous and modern with beautiful lighting and comfortable seating. The lobby bar is cool but seemingly always deserted (looks like it was designed by a dude though - lighten up!) but the rooms are average - and hi, could you invest in some non-scratchy linens? I actually *cut* my face on one of the washcloths (and I don't consider myself a precious flower. I do camp occasionally.) I walked one block down the Hyatt to add my name on our Enterprise rental car, which has a hq office there and man that place was jumping - lobby packed with a million people, there was a great bar there and an Einstein bagels. If I go back, I think I'll probably check into the Hyatt. Oh, and the elevator at the Wyndham was like riding the space shuttle - I got a head rush every time.
4	Can't comment on the rooms since I didn't stay here, but the lobby was one of the more inviting & hip hotel chain lobbies that I've seen in recent travels. There were plenty of couches and chairs to set up shop and catch up on work emails, and following a day of meetings, I found the bar/lounge area to be relaxing and a nice way to catch up with an old colleague (and former boss). I was able to park my rental car across the street for 75 cents, which is a rarity in downtown areas these days.
3	When I found out I was staying at the Wyndham, I checked out the reviews and was not looking forward to a nice hotel experience. However, it is not as bad as the other reviews make it seem.I've stayed at lots of luxury hotels. Check out my list. I'm pretty picky too. And The Wyndham Phoenix is decent. It looks like they finally renovated their rooms. It's not that pricey of a hotel, so I wouldn't expect Four Seasons caliber. The 4pm check-in is ridiculous, I agree. I had a standard king room... it was nice and roomie. The decor is going for hip, sleek and modern, but kind of reminds me of a bachelor pad. It's definitely not my style, but I'm sure a lot of people like it. There's really nothing to complain about the room. It's nice. The vanity area is terrific - large mirrors, great lighting and nice storage spaces. The shower has great water pressure... this is very important! Bath amenities are basically repackaged cheap stuff. Bring your own. The fitness center is small and limited, but open 24 hours and free. The lobby is really nice too. I would normally go hang out at the bar, but most of the people staying at the hotel right now are old enough to be my dad. Free internet access is a little slow. Room service is fast and the food is actually pretty decent. They have fantastic salad entrees.If you're staying in the Phoenix area, go with the Hyatt or Wyndham. On an unrelated note, I have 800 reviews.
2	lots of plugs, cool desk, expensive and bad valet, broken machines in the gym, Starbucks on site.I stayed here for a conference.  Should have known it would be bad when we arrived and it took forever for the valet to notice us in line and offer to deal with our bags.Every other time we attempted to get our car they were ovelry slow - they would quote 10 minutes and the car would take 20 to get to us.Their automated system was awful and they never knew it had been activated. Dropping off the car was worse. The driveway was only 1 car wide, and they allowed one of their friends of employees to park at the front end, messing up the flow.They would bring up as well as take away the cars from the same place, so you were stuck in line no matter what. It was just terrible and for $23 a day I expected much much much better service. I would have parked at the lot across the street had i know the cost.The front desk was amazingly slow. Way too slow for a pre-reserved room.They sent us up to a room that was supposed to be blocked off and not get rented out. Luckily it was just one guy attempting to hang a picture. He offered to do it later and we were able to get into our room.The room had a really great giant desk with tons of plugs, and the night stand had a couple plugs too.The bed had cute lights for reading.The bummer was no fridge. So our snacks and lunch meat were a loss.The TV was huge.The elevators ran well (more than i can say for the hyatt)There is a starbucks on site - woohoo!The on site bar is cute and open lateThe beds are comfy, pillows too squishy for me (but that is most places)Rooms are clean and cleaned quickly.If you get a room with a connector door, make sure you know the people on the other side. There was a party one night and we could hear most of it.The gym was ok. Lots of people partook - which made the fact that 2 of the 3 ellipticals were broken, even more painful.There were 2 treadmills and 3 bikes. And a full weight machine. A dry sauna and full supply of towels.Can't say for sure if i would stay here again - hyatt seemed worse and these are the 2 closest hotels to the convention center.
3	Recently we stayed here for a conference. Checkin time took forever, but they were able to put our whole group on the same level. They told us they'd call when the room was ready (we got there early in the day) but no one ever called us. We had to call them, and they said the room was ready for awhile. It was cool having Starbuck's on site, but the place closed really early and was NOT even open on Sunday. The room was really nice, but there is no wireless. You have to plug into the ethernet, and the cord was really short. No lying in bed to work. The pool was outside and the website said it was heated, but it wasn't heated. It also hadn't been skimmed recently and there was junk all over the top of it. My wife wanted to park there, but it over $20 just to park. Terrible. I like the room, and I didn't need a lot of amenities. I also liked the location. It was just ok.
3	Visually, this is one of my favorite hotels in the country. It's in walking distance of many things and is close to the airport, which is important to me. A few years ago they began a huge undertaking of redoing the interior. They succeeded in making the lobby visually stunning, lots of artistic touches easily overlooked unless one takes a moment to take it all in. I've never had any issues with a slow front desk, no more so than any other hotel in America.The rooms are hit and miss, as they seem to be in the middle of renovating them. Understand, they are not going to do them all at once! But I can say, since I finally got one on this visit (2 nights ago) that the new rooms are as visually stunning as the lobby. The rooms are very modern and colorful. I love the leather wallpaper behind the beds and the desk is like a cockpit. I really don't care for the glass table top, however, it never looks clean. I'm also not a fan of the new roll up and down window shades. It takes so much effort to open or close the window, having to pull that silly metal string.As for the huge TV, sux ass. I hate these new wide screen TVs hotels have, and they never allow us to change the aspect ratio, so the picture is always warped and bothers my eyes. When you put a square picture in a retangle screen, it's going to look wrong. But my biggest issue with this room was that it connected to a room next door. When my neighbor got up, much earlier than I, I could hear what was going on in the bathroom as if they were in my bathroom. I even raised my head and took a look to make sure! I could hear hear the shower curtain being moved, the hair dryer, the toilet flush. I'm happy they didn't sing or fart a lot!As usual, I'm not just complaining, I wrote it up to mgt and passed it along during check out. I've stayed in this hotel a few times a year over the past 9 years and this was the worst I've heard it. So I hope not to get room 1209 again.
2	The remodel is disappointing, still smelled like smoke.  Workout room still seems the same, 8 cardio machines, weights up to 50 pound dumbells, a leg machines, a lat pulldown machine, a chest press machine, a dry sauna and a pool.
2	I had to go to Phoenix and was looking for an affordable hotel near downtown.  The Wyndham had a special on Suns game nights, with a rate of $79/night.  A step up from Motel 6 and way cheaper than the Sheraton, so I booked it.I arrived around 10pm and there weren't many people in the lobby (which is quite swanky, by the way).  However, their machines were down and they had to hand-write all of my information to check in.  No problem, even though it took a little while.  They gave me a key and I headed upstairs.Let's just say that whatever renovations they've done do not include the hallways.  The ceilings are very low and everything just looks really drab and dated.  I get to the door, put in my key card, and no dice.  Call downstairs and they say they'll send someone up.  Well, five minutes later the security guy comes in and keys me into my room but I still have to go downstairs to get a new key.I got one of the renovated rooms, which looks nice with the same polka-dot and square motif as the lobby.  Nice big headboard and peppy green wallpaper in the bathroom.  But... the TV doesn't work.  And then I try calling an 800 number to change my flight and the in room phone doesn't work.  That eventually got resolved but I couldn't really take advantage of anything in the room except the bed...And the bed was comfortable.  I could have gotten a good night sleep.  Except that at 5am I start hearing a conversation.  Like really loudly, as if there is a group of four people talking right in my ear.  I realized that the room adjacent to mine had a group of girls who were getting ready and the soundproofing was so bad that I could hear every single word.  When I checked out the concierge asked me how my stay was and I noted this.  He said that after renovations they've realized that there are some soundproofing issues because they replaced parts of carpeting with tile and also left larger gaps under the door.  Also, the water pressure in the shower was mediocre but worse, I couldn't get the water hotter than "slightly above luke warm."  On top of that, most of the staff that I encountered (between check-in, changing my key, checking out, etc.) were rather unfriendly.So nice lobby and aesthetically pleasing rooms.  But if you want to do what you came to the hotel for - i.e., sleep - then go elsewhere.
1	Don't even get me started with this hotel.  This will be brief, and to the point.  If you are in a room, with an adjoining room, and even though there are 2 doors separating you, you will hear EVERYTHING that is taking place next door to you.  It is beyond ridiculous. I spend a considerable amount of time at this hotel, not by choice, but that of my employers.  With limited choices in the Phoenix downtown, that is just the way it is.Anyway, if you want to stay here, bring industrial earplugs, cause you will need them!
2	Stayed for a few days. Was not impressed. I prefer Marriott, but was not available. The room was clean and check in was good. The pool and fitness center sucked. I had dinner in the restaurant, a hamburger. It was good. Over all downtown Phoenix sucks, nothing to do after 6PM.
4	I would say it's really a basic convention hotel and I was all set to give them a few stars, but thennsomething happened... I remembered some wonderful people that work here that really made the convention nice.  The rooms are basic, the hotelmis typical convention fare, and the food was up and down, but we did have one or two meals over the three days that was out of the ballpark.   Between that, and some really nice employees, and the fact the valet parking didn't screw up my car, I have to be fair and call it a four star!  Enjoy!!
3	I recently stayed at the Wyndham for a conference, and despite some of the reviews I've seen here, I had a great experience.I travel for business (and pleasure) A LOT and have stayed at some pretty "interesting" places around the country--luxury hotels and dives-- so I feel my standards for hotel are well formed.The hotel staff at the Wyndham was welcoming. Elevators were fast (yes, a pet peeve of mine). My room was clean and well-appointed--functional bathroom; fresh bedding; great desk and workspace.  I did not experience the lingering smoke smell in my room that others mentioned. It looked like much of the hotel was renovated and the place was quite modern.  Like other reviewers I will concur that the fitness facilities and pool are lackluster. The bar and restaurant are small, but hey at least you can't complain you couldn't find the person you were supposed to meet for breakfast...there are only so many places they could be!From the airport, the light rail drops you right in front of the hotel. There is a Starbucks attached to the hotel and various food options nearby. And the conference facilities were really good. For $109/night, this was a tremendous value.I temper my review because I was in Phoenix during a clearly "off-peak" time of year.  I can't give these guys a raving review when I haven't seen them in their most trying moments - for me, that's when a hotel can shine or crash miserably.  But I won't penalize them either.  The Wyndham was a nice place to stay this time 'round.
4	I have never had the pleasure of staying at the Wyndham, however I've had many a work event here. And, I must say, that every event I've attended or worked at has been a great experience. The staff is very kind and they are always there to help out in whatever way possible. The events always seem to go off without a hitch, which I think is a testament to the well-oiled staff of the Wyndham. The decor of the hotel is also very modern and very downtown -- whatever that means. I guess to me that means cool and elegant and a little eclectic. It's right in the center of downtown and if you want to experience the little (but growing) excitement that downtown Phoenix offers then definitely give this hotel a shot. You're right near lightrail, only a few blocks from City Scape and a short walking distance to Chase Field and U.S. Airways Center. So, whether you are looking to stay at the hotel or have an event here, definitely check out the Wyndham!
4	I recently stayed at the Wyndham the night before and the night of my wedding. It was also the location that my out of town wedding guests stayed at. First of all, it is a great location. There are so many great restaurants nearby and it is close to the light rail and the new CityScape in downtown Phoenix. The staff there was amazing, especially the catering/weddings coordinator. They want above and beyond what I asked of them. They gave me a great deal on my book of rooms and the rooms are remodeled beatifully. The parking is a little expensive, but it is valet, and for overnight parking in downtown phoenix it is the same everywhere. The only bummer was that the Starbucks in the lobby is not open on Sundays!
5	While planning our wedding, we realized that we had a bunch of out of town people coming to Phoenix who have either never been here or have only spent limited time in phoenix. We already had our venue for our reception (in downtown also), and we wanted to get a cool hotel for us to stay at that was close. It was between the new Sheraton or the Wyndham, the Sheraton is a very nice hotel also but WAY too overpriced. We decided to take a shot in the dark and see if we could get a group rate so that anyone coming from out of town could book a room at a discounted rate. We got in touch with someone there and were able to give us $99 rooms with the wedding couple (us) getting a jr suite for the same price. The people there were super friendly and helpful, they even let us take a tour of the room to see what they were like. They were also very accommodating, they even delivered gift bags for us. I read a lot of the reviews about the hotel and didn't have any of the problems that they did. Yes the halls aren't updated yet like the rooms, but they aren't gross, just a little outdated, and I'm sure they are still working on it. I didn't hear any noise from any other rooms. They only problem I had was that when I left my room, the door would slam shut and THAT was really loud, it didn't bother me but just made me feel bad in case I woke somebody up with it. Overall it was really cool to stay in this hotel, it made it an even better night for everyone I think they all like the hotel.
3	3 StarsI recently stayed here two night for work, for $120.00 a night in an Urban city area, I am not gonna complain about the price. Let me break it down for you!Pros:Good Customer service. Oh good customer service where have you gone? I guess here. The bell hop was nice, the front desk agent was nice, the bartender was nice. The maid said hello in the hallway. Call me crazy but I let a lot of things slide when there is good customer service involved.Beds: Heavenly! Soft with ample pillows. A girl can never have too many pillow when sleeping solo in a hotel bed. TV: Three HBO channels! Hooray!Location: Two blocks from the light rail, near the event center, conference center, etc. Cons:Tacky decor: I am sorry that I am shallow but the decor. Oh the decor. Faux leather handles on the dresser? Really? Too many colors, textures, and patterns. I read bachelor pad somewhere in another review. Agreed. Tacky bachelor pad. TMI but as I was in the bathroom I was even distracted by the ugly wallpaper.Less than Clean: Small splatters of stuff here and there that had not been cleaned. If I can clearly see it, so should the hotel staff. It sorta grossed me out a few times there.So there you have it. The good, the bad, and the ugly. For the price I say its a good deal still.
3	Comfy downtown hotel. The staff is nice and they usually will accept your request for late check-out (I'm sure if a big conference is going on it might be different). Bedding is comfy and the rooms are smallish (par for downtown) but feel spacious. Decor is contemporary and attractive in rooms and the lobby. You can definitely hear hallway noise, but I didn't have any problems hearing neighbors (but I don't know if I had any).Internet is free, but only wired; no wireless. The in-room desk has a comfy Herman Miller chair and a panel with all kinds of audio/video inputs (RCA, S-Video, VGA, HDMI) so you should be able to plug in a laptop and view it on your TV (to watch DVDs or Netflix presumably). Unfortunately I couldn't figure out how to make the TV display these inputs and there didn't seem to be an instruction card anywhere. I didn't call the front desk for help on this one, but I bet they could have helped. Honestly, I don't think the internet connection is fast enough to stream Netflix since it's pretty laggy on Youtube. It could make a difference how many guests are in the hotel on a given day.The TVs are widescreen (32" I think). Unfortunately there is no HD content and they have the TVs set to stretch all the content (which is all 4:3) to fit the screen. So everything has a screwed up aspect ratio. You can fix the aspect ratio to 4:3 with the remote (by playing with unlabeled buttons until you find the menu button) but the TV resets these settings as soon as you turn it off. (I haven't yet been to ANY hotel with a 16:9 TV that has gotten this right.) The number of channels is somewhat small, but you get a couple HBOs. No Comedy Central.If you are taller than 5'10" the shower head will below head level. (This is another thing most hotels do. Why?) Water was nice and hot and the shower head provided nice strong pressure.Pool is outside; no hot tub.Overall, a fine place to stay if you need to be near downtown events.
3	I have to say that the rooms are just fine.  Beds are comfortable, rooms are roomy, ac works, etc.  Here's the deal with this hotel: most rooms share a door with the room next door; something not too comfortable for a female solo traveler.  Plus you can hear EVERYTHING.  First morning, I woke up with my "neighbor" blasting music at 7:00am.  He actually had his side of the door open (scary!).  I asked to be moved, and was told that someone would bring me a new key.  One hour later, no key.  I go to the lobby, and instead of apologizing, front desk lady kept telling me that it wasn't her fault.  I got changed to another room, and my new neighbors decided to have some girl talk until 2:00am.  It was not their fault I could hear them, since they were just talking, but I could tell you the entire conversation, which I heard from my bed.  I was not even trying to listen. Had to go to the front desk 3 times during my stay because the key would stop working.  This would be a nice hotel, but service is lacking, and good luck with taking care of the noise issue.  Really convenient to the convention center, if you can sleep like a log, go for it.
4	I stayed here for work and this hotel was awesome! The rooms were quite large and very modern, I had a nice-size flat panel LCD, the bed was really comfortable along with the dozen or so pillows you get, the bathroom was nice and the vanity/dressing area was quite large.The staff is also great and very friendly and there's a bar and restaurant on-site so you don't need to go out for dinner (they also have room service). This place exceeded my expectations and I'd stay here again.
3	Nice hotel and very clean interior. Staff were polite and professional.Main problem was that the walls were paper thin, you could easily hear conversation in the next room easily!!!Otherwise, a solid choice.
4	We checked in Thursday. There was a slight problem with our reservation. The computer showed that we booked the room in February and cancelled it 1 day later. Obviously, it was a mistake so for our trouble Marie upgraded us. Sweet:)I'm sitting in our large room while my husband is sleeping soundly in the comfortable, king size bed. The hotel is clean and more modern than not. Here are some useful hotel facts:* Starbucks is in the lobby (closes early Sat and closed on Sun)* Valet parking is $23 per day.* The on-site fitness is adequate if you do more cardio than lifting. There is a Gold's Gym about a block away. Show them your keycard and you can use their facility free of charge.* Free wifi.* Most restaurants in the area close early during the week and close completely on the weekend.We are on the 18th floor and fortuantely, we don't have any neighbors or an adjoining door. Other reviewers have mentioned the paper thin walls, guess we got lucky cuz I'm a light sleeper and that would really annoy me.Overall, pleasant experience and I'd stay here again.
4	Stayed here for a night, nice hotel, definitely would stay here again.  ProsWalking distance to Chase Field, clean, modern, free wifi, quiet AC, comfy beds, cableNo real cons, except it took me like 5 minutes in the shower trying to freakin turn down the hot water trying to find an acceptable temperature!  Srsly scolding hot!  Other than that lil comment, was only here for one night so that was itNote: no usable fridge, no mini fridge (in my two queen beds room), valet is $23, no self park.
4	Clean, cool and the staff was super helpful
3	Had problems with check in but they got it fixed. Good place over all.
5	Stayed here one evening, after a show at the Dodge Theater. The Wyndam was within walking distance of the theater, which was the main reason for us choosing it.We were extremely happy with service here, from valet parking to check-out the following day. Staff were pleasant and helpful and the hotel itself was a knock-out. Beautiful lobby and room. We are planning on staying here again.Stayed June 2008, traveled as a couple
3	I stayed here for a couple nights earlier this month for a small meeting also in the hotel. It was nice enough, but not something I would seek out if I was traveling on my own dime and on my own time. The entrance and lobby are nice, well designed (if a little over done in that way that large chain hotels are overdone) and clean. The staff checked me in promptly and gave me two key cards without asking. Personally, I'd rather just have the one when I'm traveling for work, as having two means that I just have one I don't use but still have to keep track of. But, at the same time, it was nice not to announce to the lobby: "Hey! Over here! Girl in a room by herself!" The elevators were a bit telling. They were slow, but that's a problem that seems to afflict hotels around the country with more than a dozen floors. There was also some wear around the edges that I guess the remodel didn't quite get to. They put me on the second-to-top floor. Nice. Great view... of a couple buildings and some mountains off in the distance. Okay, so great view for Phoenix, perhaps. They also put me exactly across the hall from a woman from Oregon going to the meeting I was there for. (And yes, they knew. We were all billed through the same account and booked at the same time.) That was sort of awkward when we first realized it, but ended up working out fine as we're both decent elevator chatters. Still, less than optimal. The room was more spacious than a girl traveling for work really needs, but it was nice. The room door didn't seal quite as tightly to the floor as I would have liked. On one occasion, I awkwardly wondered if someone walking down the hall could hear me in the restroom. The bedhead built into the wall was also more worn than it should have been. Otherwise, the room was great. (Other meeting attendees remarked that their room thermostats were set oddly when they first arrived. One was set in the 50s and the other in the 80s. Perhaps people from Phoenix don't know what to do when the weather is in the 30s and 40s outside?) I definitely enjoyed that the windows opened, though. It's just a crack, but it was enough. I love fresh air, and it made spending all day in meetings without going outside just that much more bearable. [This review will be continued with some remarks about the meeting spaces.]
