1	This place is horrible! When I came into the office to sign the lease and get the keys they told me they still needed to clean it out. Then when I was able to move my stuff in, there was no door handle on the bathroom door.  During my six month lease my apartment was broken into twice. The neighbors are horrible and the apartments are tiny.
1	Terrible staff and management.  I was supposed to move in to these apartments, they took my deposit, asked me to turn on the electric and then took weeks for it to be ready.  I had to find another apartment, then when I ask for my deposit back they want to keep it!!  The people in the office are very rude (except Carmen, she was very nice).  Don't waste your time on these apartments.  Btw for anyone else who wants to file a BBB complaint, there main company is called NCM Mangagement
1	Beware of these apartment complex they are the worst of the worst. I lived there for a year a whole year I can't even believe I actually survived and I mean that literally. The only way I survived was practically because I mainly just came home to sleep. So where do we begin? Mmmm... Starting of by appearance the apartments look run down old and there is cockroaches and bed bugs I was constantly having to put heavy chemicals just to keep those nasty bugs away. One day when it rained our 2 bedroom ceiling started leaking I had to put buckets to catch the water and on top of that Managment took 3 weeks to come and actually look at the damaged caused by the rain. Next is couple situations that happend here, I lived on the third floor (the last floor) the very first one at ground level lived a older man that I never got to meet but, basically after complaining for over 2 weeks about little red bugs what looked like fruit flys taking over our apartment, we come to find out this older person was dead for over 3 weeks it was crazy!! Police and what looked like CSI in white zipped up suits were all over that apartment it was scary. Another thing about these apartments are constantly scared for my life situations all from people fighting, shootings, drunk fights, 2 episodes with child protective services taking kids away, home robberies, car theft, possible prostitution (I say possible because there was men coming in and out of this girls apartment but, I didn't actually witness the prostitution happening but seriously what else could it be), and drug dealers! Oh almost forgot one of the apartment caught on fire!! I really can go on and on about these apartments. Don't let the cheap rent convince you! My husband and I were going through a really rough time financially and that's how we ended up here, but I will never ever go back and I for sure DON'T recommend living here you couldn't even pay me!! Staff is very rude and don't care about your safety. If I could I would rate a negative 0 lol! I wish I could tell you everything in detail about this horrible awful place but, it will take too long. When you see these apartment complex run as fast and far as possible and don't look back I'm trying to save your life.
