5	So happy Cowabunga Bay is finally open!! We been waiting for this day for over a year.Looks like there going to be adding a lot more rides in the future but for now I am very pleased that my kids will have something to do over the summer. Don't forget to try the Dole Whip it is so delicious!!!
1	There was no lines when I showed up which was a great thing.Had to go back to buy a locker because was not asked . 4 stars.There is no signs to lead to the bathrooms and the lockers 3 starswas there for about 1 hour and 3 rides was closed down. 2 stars.There is not enough tubes for each ride. 1 starI watched and  employee kick a tube rider multiple times to get them down a tube ride. I called her out on it she said sorry . But why say sorry for you knew that is not how you send someone down a ride. 0 stars. ( if i could )management team could use a lot of work on how to run a park.
4	This place is awesome! I realize they JUST opened yesterday, but they have some kinks to workout. It's a little annoying that ALL the employees are 16. ALL of them. I was a little frustrated in the kids cove. On the website it says you can go down those slides with your little one. One lifeguard let me, but another said it wasn't allowed. They also weren't consistent on where you can enter the "lazy river". There is a part that's not made well that you have to walk over this big bridge to get in, but there isn't a side entrance. Luckily the sun wasn't out so my sons feet didn't get burnt walking ALL the way around to the "entrance" they want you to use. Overall we had a wonderful time and it was so nice that it wasn't super packed. They need to hire some older lifeguards and make their employe training more consistent.
4	Took the whole family here today! Just a few things...Employees need to engage- I was trying to talk to two of them (they made eye contact) and kept walking.Wish condiments weren't left in the sun all day.... The ranch tasted funky by 5:30ish.Churros seemed old and stale.Parking folks were super nice!Front ticketing agents were fantastic as were those checking the bags.I will return soon, but probably not until the other ride is finished with construction.
5	The wave pool was awesome. I would come just for that. T was so much fun. I went on the second day they were open and I can honestly say they have a lot of kinks to work out but overall I still had a blast.
4	I was fun.  Yes brand new place so it was very clean.  They have food stand, selling pizza, hot dog, nacho and etc etc.  their food are OK taste not bad. They don't serve alcohol yet though...  I love having cold beer under the sun.
5	I took my granddaughter and her BFF and we got season passes. The girls love it!! The staff is awesome and the water feels so good!! A great place for kids of all ages as they have a small kids area as well as the big slides, wave pool and Cowabunga River. A great way to cool off in the desert heat!!!
5	What a beautiful, fun and vibrant water park!  We had a total blast! We have a 1 year old and 6 year old.  Omg I even had so much fun in the kids area going down the slide with my son and having splash fights :) Our daughter was in love with the kids area!  I'm very impressed with the how colorful and cute the park is!  Very family friendly and warm! The food was great.  We had a chicken Cesar wrap and chicken fingers and fries. My son had a shake which was yummy too! The yellow ride was so fun! The Cowabunga River was great and relaxing!  My son loved the wave pool!  What a great first day using our season passes!  Will be back next week!
3	My 2 year old had fun at the kiddy pool. The 100 degree pee filled kiddy pool. Need more activities.The wave pool was a+, great for all ages.The lazy river was OK. Needs more sprayers.Park needs misters. I didn't do any big boy slides so I can't rate those. I hope the park makes it, but it has desert highway ghost town park written all over it. It was 115 when we went and it made a really hot day a lot of fun.
5	Fun for all ages. I have been to several water parks this water park was much needed in Henderson and suits its purpose to beat the heat that Nevada reaches during summer months.  Pro's- Thank you, thank you, thank you for having warm water not freezing cold so my family can enjoy themselves this being said I hope other water parks read this.- Employees are not all teenagers its a good mix of adult and teens- Parents can go down the kiddie slides with their kids as long as you don't exceed weight requirements this being a reasonable requirement for kid size slides.- Lots of life guards the wave pool alone I saw 8 paying attention and being on look out.- Managers I saw at least 5 walking around park checking on things look for the red shirts.- Good food get a whole pizza for just under $20  or choice of food combos such as burger and fries, hot dog and fries, chicken finger's etc... Snacks dipping dots were the best, pretzels, cinnamon sticks etc..- Drinks you can bring in water they check bags so no other drinks or food. They serve all sorts of beverages including beer be prepared to show id and wait for a manager for any alcohol a plus but a hassle to wait.- You can bring in your own shade structure within size reason. - Lots of chairs but get their early to find a shaded spot they have lots of shade areas but they go fast this is ongoing with all water parks that I have been to.-  Fun colorful atmosphere the props are diverse some are vintage others look like Disney props a nice mixture for adults and kids to enjoy.Con's- Signs need to be added as to how to get to certain slides and lazy river/ wave pool- Misters so your feet don't get too hot ( I suggest  flip flops when walking around )- Zooma ride way to long of a wait between riders speed it up.- Weight limit on pink slide bummer my husband could not ride it but glad to here a new slide is going in that seats more that 2. Loved the blue and yellow double tube slides the line went fast and shaded.- I saw only one girl dancing looking like she loved her job she was standing in the lazy river where it turns into a waiting pool other staff talked but only if provoked would love to see more interaction from staff.  - Turn up the music you can barely hear it. Get people in the surfing mood.- The double tube slides 4 people watching 4 slides when green slide was not operating yet. 1 person getting tubes and assisting customers that they get a raft only area I see that staff could be better do three in water and 2 helping get and pass out tubes could help move line faster. Overall loved it will be back cant wait for the rest of it to be built.
4	As a theme park and water park fan,I actually drove 4 hours from Los Angeles to check out the new Cowbunga Bay water park. which is located about 10 miles east of  the Vegas strip.I was a tad disappointed to learn before arriving that they are still in the process of constructing 2 or 3 water slides. I thought they have the whole last year and this year to complete the park. Oh well.Since the park is still missing 3 main attractions, they decided to lower the price by $6 for adult. Anyway, we went on a Thursday, a week after it opened. Parking was $5. I was expecting huge crowd like at Wet n Wild, but to my surprise it was no where as crowded as I had thought. Almost all the slides were a walk-on during the early morning into mid-afternoon hours. I overheard one of the lifeguards told the another guest that this was one of the slowest day since it opened a week ago. It may be due to the fact that it was cloudy and looked like it was going to rain.The longest we waited for a slide was on Zuma ZOOMa. I would have to say this ride is the only extreme water slide in the park. It has a trap door underneath you, that will drop you in 5 seconds once you step in and they close the glass door. It was very thrilling. Here's a point of view video I shot of this Zuma ZOOMA trap door body slide:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMDqgckVUooFood is a bit pricey since it's an amusement park. What do you expect? they need to make money somehow since most of the guests are season pass holder, they pay once and get to come back as often as they want. So in order to stay in business, they need to boost up their prices on food.Overall, I really enjoyed this park! It's so vivid and colorful. I can't wait to come back next summer when everything is completed and they have planted more trees and shrubs.  I don't know why, but I love Cowabunga Bay more than Wet N Wild Las Vegas. By the way, here's a video showing a FULL Complete Tour of Cowabunga Bay Las Vegas for those who wants to see how it looks like before goinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmOs8Sc5tm0
4	We purchased season passes for our family since we live right down the street.  I think the park is great and very excited to have it so close.  I realize the park is not finished but just have some minor complaints. 1st- the pebbles that are used for landscaping really hurt when you step on them, maybe you could put a lil fence around so people walk on the pathway instead of through the landscaping.2nd- There needs to be more shade while waiting to ride the tube slides at the bottom.  The shade only seems to work when the sun is directly above, other than that you are frying in the sun. 3rd- Be carful for the concrete around the top of the lazy river it is very rough and roughed my husbands arm up a bit, nothing bad.4th- Please sell the Dole whip in a smaller size, not just large.  We LOVE Dole whip and are so excited we don't have to drive to boulder city anymore, but a large is way to much.Other than that thank you for coming to Henderson.  We will continue to support you and look forward to more slides and attractions.
3	This park still has some kinks to work out. The second time I went, only four slides were open in the whole park. Compared to Wet N Wild, I would say this park has a better lazy river and wave pool, it's closer to my house, and less crowded. However, at Wet N Wild there are more slides, overall better rides, and season pass holders get discounts on food. Overall, you get more bang for your buck there. I think the problem with Cowabunga Bay is it isn't finished yet. Give it another year.
5	This place is awesome we came in to get season passes and the employees were great also offer the kids some free ice cream while they wait and the staff was amazing thanks cowabunga Awesome job
4	We had a really fun time today, we arrived at 11 and left at 430 when the crowd came in. We never waited longer than ten minutes for a slide and the staff.. although all very young.. were all very helpful, respectful, considerate, and funny! So props to a good staff.The part that killed me, and most yelpers were spot on, the park has a lonnnng way to go. The lack of shade is horrible. There's about 3/10 chairs that have shade because they use these tiny triangle coverings which end up shifting throughout the day. We had shade when we go there and by two we were full sun. The tops of the slides are completely open. Your feet are burning.. One of the staff actually was pouring her ice water on the ground for us. I feel awful for the workers having to be way high up there with nothing protecting them! Also the lines before you walk up to the slides are completely open. There were four huge umbrellas in the grass shading no one.... Why not move one over and shade us people baking ??? Besides the shade the park is so nice. It's kept extremely clean and again the staff were super nice. The lazy river was okay, seemed super small especially compared to wet n wild. The wave pool on the other hand was awesome! HUGE waves. If there weren't so many people we would've been body surfing. And I was impressed how attentive the life guards were.The slides were pretty fun, however the one that drops you down had me gasping for air. It ruined the ride for me. The yellow and pink slides were pretty fun. All were short but fun. Overall, the park need a few more months to work the kinks out. It's at a good start tho.Ps. Souvenir cups. $9 and 1.50 refills
3	Within a week, this review could change because that is how often Cowabunga Bay is switching things up. Some other reviews touch on a few of these things, but I am about to break down the nitty gritty. There is a TON of potential for this place, however, I think they were anxious to make some lost money back so they opened too soon. Read on to find out why. THE GOOD:(Please note some things will be on both the good and bad list)1. The rides. The few they had were pretty awesome. The yellow tube was super fast and great as a double ride. The mats were a blast trying to race your friends to the bottom. Also the Zuma Zuma (bootleg Bombay for the old schoolers) was a family hit. 2. Some of the food. The pizza combo, a large pizza and pitcher of soda for under $25. You let me know another water or amusement park that feeds a family for that price. TIP: ask them to make the pizza fresh for you! 3. Free tubes! You are not suppose to take em out the water, but many did. If you can grab one, enjoy it, then let someone else enjoy it. 4. NO SMOKING! Yep, that's right, if you want to give yourself cancer, there is a nice place for you to do so, OUTSIDE of the park. 5. Customer service. Other than one little kink with the owner, the staff was great!! The lifeguards were all telling my niece happy birthday and giving her high fives. Everyone seemed to be trying their hardest to please, because there were some things the 16 year old lifeguards, just can't fix!  6. Wave pool. Super strong tides, and a very short break period between waves. Loved it! Only bad part is, it should go a bit deeper. 7. The layout. Reminds me of old Wet N Wild. THE BAD:1. Consistency!!!! One lifeguard says parents can go down the kid slides with their kids, one lifeguard says no. We tell the owner, he doesn't even apologize about the lack of training, he simply offers refunds. Cool and all, but we were not looking for refunds! Again with the consistency, the weight limits on the rides, make up your mind. The pink slide, you have to be between 130-230 pounds, or you are not going on it. HOWEVER, there is no rule enforcement because my daughter who weighs less, and my boyfriend who weighs more, BOTH RODE THE RIDE FINE!!!Just figure it out, these employees have not had enough training! They are trying hard, but people are clearly taking advantage. ALSO, PLEASE POST ALL WEIGHT LIMITS!! THE POSTED SIGN OUT FRONT SAYS 260, BUT ONCE INSIDE, THERE IS A 230 LIMIT, AND A 250 LIMIT. WHEN YOU ONLY HAVE 5 SLIDES, WE NEED TO KNOW THIS!!2. The other half of the food. The churros were rock hard, even the kids did not like it! LAME. Again, if the employees were trained better, they would know not to serve that. 3. The rides. I think they need more tubes for almost all the rides. The green slide was closed. The weight limits. (they keep changing them) The slides that are NOT being worked on as promised. It should be half price until all rides are open! The few rides that they have are great, so my hopes are high for the rest of them. 4. The staff. Yes the customer service was evident, but where are the adults? I think half of the reason people were simply taking tubes, going on rides regardless of the weight limit, and smoking was due to the lack of security presence.The lack of ADULT presence. They do serve alcohol. What happens when someone gets belligerent? They literally had to track down a 21 year old to poor my wine. Which makes me wonder how many are even on site? 5. WHERE IS THE SHADE?!? The effort was there. You do not NEED a cabana for good seats. But the shade shifts so no matter where you sit, you won't have shade all day. At the top of the rides, those poor lifeguards! You built an entire water park you couldn't have added an umbrella at the top for the staff? Also, when standing in line? People who do not have shoes, totally baking!! Lots of sunburns around the park!6. NO FAMILY RIDE!! Enough said! By April of next year, this place could easily be the best water park in Vegas! Add about 4 more slides, fix the weight issue, add more tubes (free and rides), open that little restaurant in the corner, add some more bathrooms and signs of how to get to them, and entertain a crash course training! I also think they should have weekly deals. IE: HALF PRICE WEEK FOR HONOR ROLL STUDENTS. IF YOUR NAME IS RANDY OR BRENDA YOU GET ONE DAY FREE ENTRY. SEASON PASS HOLDERS GET A FREE PIZZA. A ton of possibilities, I just hope they choose to take advantage of their full potential!
3	My husband and I went on Friday, 7/18. We got there right as they opened, paid for our visit and found a couple of lounge chairs under a big umbrella by the wave pool.  We also rented a small locker and purchased a big $9 jug of iced tea. We refilled this big boy 3 times for $1.50 each time during our visit.  There is a lot that isn't finished yet but we enjoyed what was completed, such as the lazy river (a bit too short, it should go all around and wind thru the park) and the wave pool. The wave pool could be a bit deeper and wider as you approach the deep area, but it still was good and refreshing. The inner tubes are not comfortable to sit in at all, I felt like I had to crane my neck the entire time i was on it just to stay upright and floating. I don't have a big rear end by any means but that opening was just too tiny to be comfortable.  Even some of the lifeguards agreed. They need to visit a Disney waterpark and see what they use and use the same ones.  We bought a corn dog which was really good (freshly made and hot) and an ice cream twist cone. Something needs to be done with the ice cream, it appeared to be thawed at some point and refrozen by the machine.  it was tasty, but not good looking and very crystalized, looked flat and really dark colored too. I would not have served that cone, but the teenagers working the food booth really do not know better. The rest of the food we saw coming out the window was mostly over-priced junk food like pizza, fries and chicken fingers.  Barf. The wraps sounded good but we were not fortunate enough to see one ordered.  The dole whip was awesome as usual but overpriced.The only thing that bothered me about the entire visit was the chick in the cabana by the pool you can only use if you rent one of the cabanas in that area.  She would go smoke it in the nearby bathroom.  Seriously lazy, inconsiderate beeotch could have used the extra exercise in and out of the park to enjoy her ciggy.  How rude and disgusting. We will return as we had a lot of fun. We are even considering a season pass for next year.
4	This is the tale of a group of adults that wanted to have some pure water adventures in this hot hot desert we call home. Living in Henderson I was very excited to see SOMETHING being built in this area & my family went to Wet N Wild a lot when it was still next to Sahara and when I didn't hear a lot of good things about the new Wet n Wild I decided the drive across the world wasn't worth it to see what was true and what wasn't. So imagine my delight when this little gem was being built! BACK TO THE TALE OF ADVENTURES, I went this last Sunday with friends and i went with full intentions of just buying a day pass buuuuut after seeing it was $40 and I could buy a season pass for $80, I decided that I would just go one more time to get my money's worth. (My friend has a super pass and if I didn't plan on riding with him, I probably would have gotten a super pass because paying for parking will add up in the end.) Do I think that the day pass admission price is too much, very much so yes. Especially at where the park is now with it still being in construction, but as a season pass holder my thoughts on the park are held pretty high. If you go at opening the lines are pretty short and it's not very crowded. The wave pool is nice and so is the lazy river (I do wish it was a bit stronger, and by a bit I mean a lot because I felt like it was barely pushing us along) but the slides were fun & the staff was very accommodating. There were slides that were still being built and so it was pretty depressing to not be able to ride it this season, but I guess that's something to look forward to! Once it got to around 1-2 pm, a lot of people started showing up so the lines and pools were more congested but needless to say my friends and I still had fun! Dipping Dots & Dole whip were very refreshing (I got the dole float which was exactly what I needed on a hot day. Over priced and not as good as in Disneyland but I can settle for my pineapple soft serve heaven in Henderson) The race slide was super fun & The Yellow slide was the groups favorite. Excited to get more slides without a weight requirement because we have some people in our group with more cushion for the pushin who deserve some ride fun as well!! So this group of adults enjoyed ourselves. We recommend to come prepared with snacks and water & to bring sunblock. Let yourself splurge a little and buy the kids some ice cream & enjoy a Dole float. I suggest to go when the park opens so it's not a thousand degrees outside to get the short lines and the empty pools and so your feet don't burn when you move from ride to ride if you decide you don't want to be looking for your flip flops after every attraction. Enjoy Henderson's little water haven this summer !
3	Tried the water park for the first time. The park was clean, well laid out and had a nice theme. The attendees and lifeguards were friendly and had a professional demeanor. My daughter and I felt the rides fell a little short. A new ride was in the process of being built. (Good news.)The highlight of the visit was the wave pool and the lazy river. Will likely return when there are more rides.
4	All of the staff is absolutely amazing, everyone is so nice and friendly!! Let's hope it keeps that way :) I really wish they'd lower their prices to get in earlier so we can actually go there more often.  I can't afford $160+ for a few hours of fun. If it was $20 all day every day for locals with ID, they would have much better business. I hope they will consider. Food is great. Chicken fingers were my favorite. Favorite ride...tide wave and river. I wish they had better signs posted near the water tide pool. I have seen a lot of little kids out there struggling deep in the waves, way beyond what they can handle and their parents cannot comprehend that!  I hope no one gets hurt.  Life jackets and tiny babies aren't suppose to be out that far.
1	Absolutely the worst water park experience I have had. They clearly rushed to open this place the landscape isn't finish so there's rocks everywhere. Some of the cement is painted so when your feet are wet it's slippery and the stairs are plastic and very slippery when wet. The lines are extremely confusing and slow moving. There is one set of narrow stairs the leads up to 4 slides so it takes forever. They base the slides off of weight and constantly had to tell people they were too "fat" to ride this ride and when you finally get to the top and go down the slide there is rubber stoppers to slow you down making the ride extremely just not fun. I will never recommend this park or go back it's just a terrible experience.
4	Besides stating the obvious fact that this is a newly open during construction water park, they're doing a fantastic job. Currently, they have 6 rides available to adults, kiddie cove, wave pool and lazy river. Enough to give you a days worth of sun and fun. (Tip: bring reef shoes, grounds are HOT! you also wouldn't have to worry bout removing and picking up your shoes goin from each attraction) The staff are alert and courteous. Park is clean and good establishments were not overly priced. Only concern, the bathrooms weren't as busy as I would have expected, hmmm. The only complaints I would have is the boardwalk leading to the lazy river was ridiculously a long walk, why not shorten it with bridges to cross over instead of walking completely around? We are in the desert and the heat makes it a draaag.The wave pool was awesome but I think they should eliminate having tubes within, people could not control their tubes and I've seen a ton of people, children mostly, getting hit in the face or body by uncontrolled tubers. Otherwise, we will be back next week as we are now season pass holders (groupon had an awesome deal hard to pass up)FYI they do have weight limits on rides, seen a lot of oversized some not even considerably oversized sitting out waiting. Not fair and kind of discriminatory
5	What a great, family friendly waterpark here in Vegas!  My family and I went there today and had a great time. This place was clean and safe.  Even the bathrooms were spotless.  The lines/wait times were acceptable for a Friday. We did not wait longer than 15 minutes for any ride.  My family thoroughly enjoyed the wave pool and lazy river. They are still adding on to this place.  We will likely be returning and buying season passes.
4	Not quite finished, but I would say it is better than wet n wild. The rocket looking ride would be the thriller of the park, the drop from underneath your feet. Whoa!! Food is also decent, they have dole pineapple ice cream, refreshing!!!
5	We finally have something we can go to in Henderson besides the lake.  The water park is amazing - enjoyable for the entire family and its only going to get better as they add more rides. Took advantage of a group-on - which made it even more amazing.  Staff are friendly, food is very good and reasonably priced. Can't say I have a favorite ride - I like all of them. Highly recommend.
1	For the few rides they have it not worth the price the wave pool had junk in it like band aids and food wrapper in it the clean place in there was the bathroom
1	If I could give this place 0 stars I would...by far the WORST WATER PARK EVER..& I grew up going to water parks =\ FIRST..let me start by saying WHO SERVES ALCOHOL AT A WATER PARK!?...stupid! SECOND I have been to MANY MANY water parks and NOT ONCE have I ever seen WEIGHT LIMITS & the lifeguards are RRUUDDDEEEE about it...my husband is a football player so he's a big man & he's 6 pounds over the limit & can't go on ANY SLIDESI...then they have a few rides where it's MAX WEIGHT 180...this is a kids place what kid weighs that much? THIRD half the rides are closed and the water park is half ass built IT SHOULDNT EVEN BE OPEN let alone they SHOULD NOT  charge FULL PRICE!!! ... Anyway let's just say the BEST PART of the whopping one hour we were there was GETTING OUR REFUND & going to wet n wild! FIGURE IT OUT COWABUNGA BAY!
3	Overall it's a nice place the reason for only 3 stars is this: $5 to park,$35.99 entrance, $8 small locker, $3 water and only 5 working slides, a wave pool and lazy river. Make up your own minds ...
4	I'll start out by saying that this place can't rival Wet and Wild...yet. It currently has a very limited number of slides which didn't matter to us since, being in our 40's, that really isn't our thang' anymore. We were able to score a couple of season passes for 45$ each via Groupon and that makes this place the real deal. The Lazy River is nice (and unlike WnW, the water is warm) but what really rocks is the Wave Pool.     My girlfriend and I had an absolute blast in this thing. If you've ever been to the wave pool at Wet-n-Wild, this one is probably twice as strong, with swells up to thee feet...maybe higher. I'm a former body builder, I weigh around 235 lbs. and the current knocked me off my feet twice! My girlfriend is very small, so she sat in a tube while I held her ankles as the waves hit one after the other. By the time we got home her arms were aching from hanging on to the tube for dear life while my fucking legs were killing me from bracing against the current for an hour. Neither of us felt bad about skipping the gym this morning :)     The 35$ general admission is steep (IMO) for what they have right now, but if you can get a deal then I would try it just for the wave pool alone. Unlike WnW, tubes are free, and parking is only 5$, but the food is the same overpriced, unhealthy fare that is the bane of all amusement parks. You can bring in factory sealed water, which I would highly recommend. Shade is NOT plentiful, so plan accordingly.
4	I was so ecstatic when Henderson finally got a water park opened up! For as hot as it is here I couldn't believe it wasn't built sooner. I went to the old Wet N' Wild on Sahara when I was a kid and it sucked when it closed so to say the least I was really happy to see this place open up so close to home. I came here with the intention to buy a day pass to check the place out but it was going to cost $40 for just the day when a Super Pass that included parking was going to cost just $100 dollars. So we bought the Super Pass and have so far made the most of it. I've gone about 6 times since buying my pass. The rides are a lot of fun. We go on the race slide most because you get on fairly quickly as it's a 6 person at a time ride. We love the Zumazooma slide too but it takes a little while to ride because it's only one person at a time. Zumazooma does have a weight restriction of 250 pounds and that tends to keep some people away for obvious reasons. There are 4 tube rides and they are quite fun as well. You can ride a 2 person tube or a 1 person tube. Not all of them allow 2 person tubes though. The tube rides usually have a lot of people in line so i don't bother with them too much.I've been in the kids area as a couple of my friends have children and it was nice for kids. They have a blast in there. Kids over a certain height can ride all the other rides also so they aren't too limited. The wave pool is tons of fun. There is usually a lot of people in there because this is the only pool open to everyone at the whole park. Aside for it being pretty packed it's awesome. The lazy river is great also. My only real complaint about the lazy river is that it doesn't go too fast. It's a nice relaxing place though. They have a pretty good selection of food, drinks, and desserts. They have Dole whip which i tried for the first time and it was great! The food pricing is a little expensive as expected but not too horrible. You can buy a good sized souvenir cup and get refills for like $1.50 which is a great price. The cup is pretty big and is only $9. Well worth it.  I give it four stars because the place closes pretty early and not all the rides are open yet. I asked a manager if they were going to extend the hours in the future and he said he had hopes of keeping the place open till midnight next year. That would be awesome if it were true. From what I understand there are 2 rides that are not up yet. I believe they said they would be open next year. If these 2 things were to happen i will definitely change my review from 4 stars to 5. To say the least I am very happy with Cowabunga Bay! I will be buying Super Passes again next year!
5	I don't understand all the negativity about this place. My boyfriend and I bought season passes from Groupon and decided to go check it out today. We both agreed that we liked it a lot better than Wet N' Wild. It's relaxing, fun, and just very chill. We loved the whole 40s/50s theme. The Lazy River was really nice and it was a lot wider than the one at WNW. Also, there were more sprayers, so more chances to get soaked or have your boyfriend push you under lol. Only downside is there are some rocks and dirt at one point during the river on the side, which isn't that pretty to look at, but we didn't mind it. The three slides are so much fun. We were disappointed we couldn't ride the pink slide together, but it wasn't bad! The yellow slide was our favorite! The wave pool was INSANE. I'd say a bit dangerous because of all the kids that run into you when the waves get huge, but it was really fun! I love that you're able to get a hand stamp and leave and come back later. We went and got food elsewhere because we didn't want any of theirs (not in the mood for it!). The staff were nice and funny, and we weren't getting run over by children like we do at WNW. I'm giving it five stars and not four because I really really enjoyed my time there. All the beautification were cute and the park was clean. We had so much fun, and we can't wait to go back!
4	This is a great place to take the kids. The tickets are kind of expensive so if you plan on going frequently it's better to invest in some season passes. I'm from vegas so of course I remember the old school wet n wild, and I've always wished that there was a place like that to take the kids. Well here it is. There are rides still being built, but even with what they have already it's a really fun place.  The wave pool is awesome, the lazy river is relaxing, and the rides are all good. I think it's great that they have the inner tubes already at all of the rides so you're not stuck walking around and carrying one all day long. The people that work there are friendly. The food court is what it is, but it's still ok. Mostly I have to base this review on how my boys felt about this place. They loved it. They've been to the new wet n wild, and I haven't. I asked them how they compare the two places, and they said cowabunga bay crushes wet n wild.
1	We went yesterday to check it out, to compare it to Wet n Wild.  We were very disappointed. The standard of the park and employees was very poor. The employees seemed to only care about who was on break.  My husband was injured on 2 of the 4 rides.  On one of the rides a 5 year old little boy got stuck in the tube for over 5 minutes.  The attendant sent my husband down and he almost took out the boy.  He is 6'4 and 240,  he grabbed the boy and made it to the bottom.  These employees are just consumed with chatting and worrying about breaks.  I just don't see my kids as being safe at Cowabunga Bay.  The park itself seemed kind of cheap and poorly made.  The one plus there is the lazy river.  I guess we will continue driving across town to Wet n Wild.
5	The place is great! I Got a season passes for 2 years (2014 and 2015) for a total of $89 which is a great deal! Also it's less than a 3 minute drive to the parking lot which is definitely a plusThe wave pool is the shizzzz and way better than wet and wild. Been here 3 times since it has opened and we have had a great time all occasions. They don't have many rides but they are in process of building new ones. Looks like 2 if I'm not mistaken. Besides that it's great!
1	Well.... If you like waiting in line, this is the right place for you.  I see a lot of comments about the wave pool.  I guess because it's one of the only rides that doesn't have a line. I have been there twice and both experiences were equally as bad.  Six hours at the water park and I was only able to ride three rides.  The park was at about 20% capacity and lines were 30-45 min each.  Their system is extremely flawed.  They will hold a ride for 10 minutes between passengers.  The first ride I was able to go down, I was held by a lifeguard standing in front of my raft at the top of the slide for over 7 minutes.  I asked when the last person was sent down the slide and he said "about 10 minutes ago".  He had no answer to why they had to wait so long between riders.  There will be no one on two of the three larger slides that launch from the same platform and 60 people in line for the third. They won't allow passengers to change their mind and go down an empty slides, they would rather make everyone wait instead of keeping the flow going.  The ride will be clear for 2-3 minutes and as a anxious patron waiting in the hot sun it is a BIG waste of time.   I can't imagine what would happen if the park was full or even close to full.  It takes between 30-50 seconds to go down a slide. Why do they wait 8-10 min between riders???  I will never return.  They may have a good wave pool but for the price of admission, food and drinks, I'll trade a park that knows how to operate smoothly with an ok wave pool any day!
5	I grew up in Las Vegas so you can imagine my excitement when not one, but TWO watermarks reopened in the hot desert. We bought the Groupon for Cowabunga Bay, a smokin' deal BTW!  We got there about 2 hours after the park opened. We were standing in line, behind 2 others when a 3rd window opened and we met Anna for the first time!She was sooo helpful and pleasant and very concerned that we enjoy our time at the park. The park was clean, not overcrowded.  It was vibrant, colorful and thoroughly enjoyed by my 5 and 7 year old. We had pizza for lunch, it was probably the best value on the menu. It was delicious. As it turns out, when we ordered our pizza, Anna was at that window too!  She remembered us from earlier and asked how everything was going!Bottom line:  The park was fun. The park was clean. We will be back. Special thanks to Anna who also took the time to say goodbye to us!  She def made the whole day better!!!
5	We bought the groupon for our family of 4. In the end, my husband and I just could not get off on the same day together,  so I took my toddlers by myself today. AMAZING! !!I was bummed that we wasted 1 ticket,  but when we arrived everything changed.  Staff allowed us entry about 20 min before it opened so we found great seats in the toddler area. (By the way,  we also had rock star parking , upfront for only $5)  as the morning progressed,  we realized the place was empty!  Weather called for storms,  but we stayed all day and no rain!! Here's where they went above and beyond: 1- because it was empty& they were fully staffed,  2 life guards stayed with my kids and the bottom of an adult slide so that I could run up and try a real slide!  .. there was no line at all,  so I grabbed a mat and slid down in less than a minute.  2- my groupon came with a large pizza &4 sodas. I understand it's not there fault I was alone with a 3&4 year old.. but I did mention that it was a bummer we    had to take the 4 sodas all at once.... the manager then allowed me to substitute water bottles instead and brought the pizza out with a to go box obviously knowing we would maybe eat 3 slices only lolIn the kids areas,  the lifeguard were always giving the kids attention and praise.  Not the typical"stop that"  but rather"good job for walking" stuff, which in turn,  made my kids want to behave and get feedback too! One life guard even held my daughter's hand every time she started to ho dOwn a slide.  It was so sweet! I'm convinced we are all getting season passes next year,  and will most likely go again next weekend. Thank you cowabunga bay for creating a place that is not overwhelming to us families!
4	I have spent the last two weekends at Cowabunga Bay, I just love it there... for the following reasons1.its not super crowded, 2. the staff must have completed "my course" in customer service because its just spot on (course I pay extra to be in the VIP area so I'm not sure what the service is outside of that world). 3. there are several life guards 4. the bathrooms & quite frankly the entire property is clean. 4. they have churrosEVERYONE in my entourage had FUN FUN FUN (we just needed food) and i will probably return again next weekend. that would make it THREE IN A ROW.  I Love the wave pool, lazy river, slides and KIDS COVE! Whats not so great about Cowabunga is the food...dont get me wrong, i WILL PAY for dive/snack FOOD but $4.75 for a corn dog...really is this a MAGIC CORNDOG, is it organic, is the batter made with notes of truffle?  hot dog $7 for a hot dog..wow where did this dog come from...PINKS i hope.  For "wings" and i use that term loosely...it was more like "nibs" of the extra bits left in the fryer if you were to cook wings, the nachos are COMICAL i literally laughed out loud when they arrived,  the drink selection is hilarious i believe there are four options. Just keep it safe and order pizza (which is also not great) but the best thing on the menu. Hey Cowabunga bay executives...seriously consider hiring a chef or a menu consultant such as myself to Right this wrong..next week i may have to sneak in my own food.. after all i am a foodie and a girls gotta EAT!SO YES I AM A FAN OF THE PARK, your chef (who am i kidding...no way you consulted a actual chef) whomever designed the "snack" menu & whomever approved it really your better than that step it up.... who serves a hot dog with no fix ins?
3	Need more rides! I want to buy a season pass for here or wet n wild so if they don't show progress in rides it will be wet n wild
4	The place is pretty small but I still like it. The wave pool is the best ride (ish) in my opinion. I like the slides too but I'm looking for more thrill to it. Ticket to get in is $36 per person I believe $8 per small locker. Overall it was good. I just got tired going up the stairs hahaha "workout" I guess
1	I would never recommend this place to anyone. The staff and management were horrible and completely unhelpful. When I had an issue and spoke with the manager she just basically said, screw you, we've got your money and you're not getting it back. The facility was not that great and overall I was very disappointed with the park. Save your money and go somewhere else.
4	Compared to the fiasco we encountered at Wet N Wild last year, this place is a lot better organized.  Maybe Wet N Wild should have delayed a year as well.  Brightly colored, it gives you the feel of being on vacation.  Not enough rides yet (thus the 4 stars) but they are building a couple of more for next year.  Food was good and customer service was good.  Water was warm which was nice as we were expecting it to be cold.  Wave pool is A LOT BETTER and more fun than Wet N Wild's lame one.  The lazy river is OK but I like when they go around the whole park and you can get off on the other side.   http://www.cowabungabay.com/ is awesome and a lot of fun!
