1	DO NOT GET NAILS DONE HERE!! 1. Service: was horrible, no music, just a children's movie on because the nail techs niece was there.... I'm from NYC and the nail ladies go out of they're way to pick up your purse and shoes since your hands have fresh polish on them.  Didn't thank me for the tip. Didn't have BLACK nail polish?  Who doesn't have black nail polish?  It had been missing for weeks she said...hello...buy a new one. The nail tech was nasty and had way too much attitude, like I was taking up her time.  2. Quality: Me and my friends nails made it two days.... Didn't even last a week!!!! Horrible painting job, I had to ask her a couple times to go back over spots she missed.  Her foot massage was like a top of the foot rub that she kept doing over and over in the same direction, pretty much JUST rubbing the lotion in....3. Price: $40! plus tip, FOR ALL THAT MESS!!I will NEVER go back here and I hope you don't either.  That would NEVER fly in New York City.  Oh well guess that's what you get for Mall nails!!!
1	I did not have a good experience AT ALL. There were was a very limited color selection, which was the first disappointment. The girl that did my manicure was playing with her phone the entire time and distracted. When she was working on my cuticles she hacked at them haphazardly and, what do you know, cut me. TWICE. As I was bleeding all over she just looked at me sheepishly and said, "Sorry." She did a rushed job on the polish and it looked terrible. Not impressed. AT ALL. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone. My friend had a pedicure at the same time and her experience was not a positive one, either.Stay away.
1	Worst Mani-Pedi Ever! We stopped in on a week-day afternoon with out of town guests wanting a quick fix for nails and toes. Ew. Filthy dirty store and if I get a fungus I will NOT be surprised. Ew... again. My fingers are sore and cut around the cuticles and my nail polish on my toes came off the very next day. And, the manicurists were yelling at each other back and forth with no regard for clients. They kept talking about other salons where the manicurists don't speak English. Very unpleasant, sarcastic, and demeaning atmosphere. Cheap, for sure ... but you get what you pay for. Awful Awful Awful.  Oh, and no putting your tip on your credit card either as if I was going to leave one....
5	I have been going here for 4 plus years. Always a pleasant experience. I have never had a problem with my nails. They always do the cutest designs. Fabulous job with eyebrow waxing! Pedicures are always so relaxing I almost fall asleep. I have gone other places and have never had as great of an experience.The girls are very personable and it's very refreshing to have a nice conversation instead of just sitting there, staring at someone. I have and will tell everyone who needs these services! Will be back again!!
1	Horrible. Every single worker was on their phone as well as the lady doing my nails. They were very unprofessional and kept cutting me while filing my cuticles, ouch!! The worst part was when i told her if she could fix the smudged side of my nail and she replied "what the hell are you talking about? It's a rounded nail theres no sides." Ummm okay?! They were so rude it made me feel uncomfortable. The nails were not worth what they charge either, save yourself the money and the headache and go somewhere else.
5	Thank you lovely ladies for getting me in and out quickly and doing a fantastic job! I made it to the birthday party in time and everyone loved my nails :)
5	Okay, first off, I googled them for their phone number to make an appointment because I have a new phone, and secondly, I can't believe I'm writing a review this long, but I have so much to say.I know they're under new management, so maybe that's what's going on, but I GO TO THIS SALON EVERY 2 WEEKS. No joke. I started when I worked at Capri Jewelers at Chandler Fashion Center, 3 years ago, and I've continued to go back even after I quit because they're AMAZING. I am going to post just the last couple photos I have from my gel manicures so you can tell that I'm not lying.I go to "T" (Thu-ha I believe it's spelled?) for gel designs, but I have gone to Nikki and Trini before as well, for both acrylics when I had them, and for gel manicures or regular pedicures. They are ALL wonderful! For my wedding, they did my nails for me, and upgraded my pedicure to a gel pedicure at no extra charge as a wedding gift and for being a loyal customer and no joke, it stayed on for THREE MONTHS, without a single chip! And I was on a beach, in sand, for 10 days.Now fingernails. I don't do acrylics anymore since they introduced me to gel polish last year, but let's start with this: I work with my hands. I plant things. I do my own landscaping. I install fans. I used to work with fertilizer for a living. I build stuff. I BREAK NAILS. and yet, since I've switched to gel polish with them, I only ever break nails when I wait 3 weeks or more to see them (because they get freakishly long). They don't chip or peel, and the designs are amazing. A regular gel manicure starts at 20, and I almost always do designs or glitter (she pours the glitter on by hand, it's awesome) so it bumps it up to 40-50 by the time I'm done, and it's worth every penny. EVERYONE comments on my nails every time I go in. I'll even post the pink and silver nails they did for me in january for an interview I had, and the cute easter ones they did for me with pastels and zebra print. If I find other pictures later, I will post those too!As for what one person said about pedicures, they are only 25 dollars, not 40! I just had one two weeks ago, and that's a pretty good price! AND, not only do they have massage chairs that are awesome, but they rub your feet well, too, for like 5 minutes straight. AND I know for a FACT you can leave a tip on a card, since I do that EVERY time I go. So I don't know if these people are reviewing the right place, or are really picky, but in the 3 years I've been here, I have left satisfied, every time.They are busy on weekends and nights, so make an appointment ahead of time, but Give them a shot, they're wonderful and you won't regret it! (:
