3	This place is alright. I like that they offer all-you-can-smoke for good price - but the quality of their hookah is often mediocre, getting harsh or tasteless quickly. I get the feeling that they don't clean their hookahs as often as they should, although it's hard to tell with the dim lighting.I've come here for their comedy night on Sundays a couple times - and a time or two aside from that, and every time has been fun. However, be advised that they do have a younger crowd. Think 18-20. If you fit into that age range - you'll love this place, it's chill and relatively hip and fits just about anyone's budget. There's nothing wrong with a younger crowd - however, if you're a little older you may want to check out other Vegas hookah spots. There is a bar a couple doors down, but coming in and out can be a pain and the overall atmosphere caters to younger kids who don't know what else is out there.
4	I love me some hookah and what I can tell you about Las Vegas is that there's good hookah and then there's bad hookah in this city. I've experienced some bad hookah here plenty of times. I've experienced good hookah. This place can be placed on the latter.Hookah lounges seem to be an identity all their own. Most don't serve alcohol, thus not making them a bar. The tobacco or sheesha that is smoked is usually natural and not prepackaged, thus keeping it under the radar unlike it's cousin forms: chewing, cigarettes, and cigars. Since regulation is rather light on these things, it's rather easy to just set a lounge up. Kaliopi Lounge is decent place ran by a pair of Hawaiian brothers who are there on most nights. These guys definitely bring the laid-back aloha feeling to a place. Located in a store front in a strip mall, they don't serve alcohol or food. They do have canned sodas and bottled water located behind the counter. If you want get a drink of a pub food, there's the Magoo's Pub directly next door. Thursday nights are a good night to come. It's not overly crowded but not empty. A local DJ is playing house music and dubstep and while there's no real dancefloor area, the people are respectful and clear a small area in front of the DJ to let people dance. Pretty accommodating, I thought. There's two pool tables and an arcade video game if you're looking for something else to do. But really, this place is about hookah and socializing.Adorned with typical hookah style furniture (big, comfy couches and wide, deep chairs that surround a table big enough for just the hookah) this place holds no pretense. It's not a tapas restaurant that also serves hookah. It's not a nightclub in guise as a social lounge. It is what it is. A simple place to come and smoke hookah with friends.My $.02 Cents:4 Stars -  based on overall value ($10 all you can smoke) and atmosphere of the place. Would have got five stars if they served alcohol or fountain beverages. But I can't complain. Also, there is very much a younger crowd that comes here.
4	In the search for a hookah lounge worth being a regular of, I think I've found it. As of yet there's no sign, so everyone just needs to remember it's next to Magoo's. For $11, you can get as many refills (and flavor switch ups) as you like. I tried the Sunshine Megatron and the Birthday Cake flavors. The birthday cake flavor was rather muted and got harsh VERY quickly. I fell in love with the Sunshine Megatron however. I really wish they used a different brand of coals as the ones they used seem to always burn out so quickly, but the guy who refilled the bowls and changed coals (I can't believe I don't remember his name, I talked to him all night) always changed everything as requested with no fuss. This was good as I had to have things changed in my hookah quite a bit. The room is quite dark and slightly creepy even, but the ambiance is fun and relaxed. I went on a Tuesday and although it was supposed to be Reggae Night the DJ (Mr. Twist) mostly played 90's hip hop (with some godawful Rick Ross and a few fake/over-commercialized ~reggae songs by Iyaz and Sean Kingston mixed in. EW). The crowd is very social and down to earth. I met some cool people my first night here (and the owner of the place is awesome). I'm a bit confused about these reviews saying that the crowd totally skews toward the 18-20 demographic, I saw quite a few people in the 21-30 range when I was here.I had a fun night here. I'll most certainly be back.
4	I kinda like this place for its local atmosphere and everyday customers I see comin here. Granted, it's not luxury, but I like how practical it is. You get your comfy chair to seat a group of 4 to 6 people, some video games, and every Thursday my friends come over to set up the weekly Shuffle Lounge event. Shuffle Lounge is where all the old school ravers and gogo dancers come to hang out. Local DJs start spinning some hot tracks, and me and the gang all get together to dance. I like it :DThis place makes a whole lot of exceptions to make me happy. Don't have enough cash in the register to give me my change? The doorman writes me a piece of paper of how much money they owe me so I can get my change back at the end of the day. This is a place where I am not pressured into dressing to impress. I come in looking gruffy from work in my leather jacket, and I am still welcome to come in. Prices are REALLY low, and the locals are really cool folks. Never again would I have to worry about the cleanliness of my suit. (:It's really close to where I work, and the next alternative, the Cloud 9 on 215 and Rainbow is too far away and full of impressionable white douchebags that think they are gangster. Now every once in a while, I do go to Cloud 9 instead, but that's for something specific that would make me get off my ass, like a Skrillex concert.Otherwise, I'm gonna settle for something basic, like Kaliopi Hookah and Lounge
4	I went here on a Saturday night which is hip hop night. It was my friends birthday so we decided to check this spot out and I'm glad we did because it's a pretty chill place if you want to just smoke some hookah and have a great time. The staff was very friendly and they mentioned that they mix up there own flavors. The price was about $10.00 per a person which is pretty good.
