1	Igive this Salon a big fat 0...Went to have my hair colored and it was a medium brown (5 1/2)..I said I did not want my hair any darker than what it was and she did it a 4..It was almost black, so I had to go back to have her pull some of the color out and recolor a 5 1/2 and the color was perfect..I went back 5 weeks later because I loved the color and I told her the color was perfect and when she colored it , she did it a 4 again and it was way to dark, She tried to tell me that she did a 5 1/2 but any one looking at my hair could tell she screwed up AGAIN.So again she has to pull color out which everybody knows is bad and doing damage to the hair so now she colors it again and this time the ends are still dark and the top is orange, So again now I have to go back again the next day to have to darken the top and she still didnt get it right, The top is still alot lighter than the bottom and it also has some black spots thru it...I had had a 300.00 Keriten done 3 weeks before I went to her and in 9 weeks she totoly dried out my hair to the point where I couldnt even get my fingers thru it when I was washing it and it is all broken thru out my hair..The owner Shalimer didnt want to hear about this complaint and tried to brush me off everytime I called and NEVER even came over to look at my hair when this idiot she hired (ASHLEY)was trying to fix it. BAD BUSINESS..I had my hair colored 5 times in 5 weeks and colored pulled from my hair twice in 5 weeks..This place SUCKS!!!!!!!Go somewhere else...I didnt even want to put 1 star but it makes you
1	I've never posted a review before but feel that I needed to write this one.  Had a visit yesterday for a mani & pedi.  Here for a short vacation and asked at the time of booking how long it would be. Was told probably 1.5 hours, which seemed like the norm. Well, I was there over 3 hours and it's not because the quality of my service warranted it.  The person doing my service was extremely nice, and I wish I didn't like her as much as I did.  Made it difficult to be impatient with her, but as the time ticked by, I could feel my anxiety rise.  My manicure was terrible - I have bubbles and ridges and the entire nail is not coated.  I could've done a better job.  The polish used was gummy.  Cuticles were conditioned but not cleaned up.  I know I should've said something... but after addressing the filing and shaping, I was just tapped out, feeling trapped and hoping to get it over with.  Pedicure was 2 hours and the agony there was I knew after the manicure that it couldn't possibly be good.  It wasn't.   All the calluses and hard skin were not taken off and my feet stayed the solution for so long that they absorbed the blue soak.  So the bottom and sides of my feet are blue and my calluses are still there. Same issues with the polish part (I don't understand that... it's supposed to be uniform and shiny ... not gummy and gloppy.. isn't that the easy part?) but if my feet were cleaned up, I would've at least felt like it was worth it.  The manicure was $25. The pedicure $35....  I feel like an idiot. I'm sad that I wasted 3 hours - $65 - (yes, $65, because they rung it up at first to $75 and it took 10 minutes of which I was losing my mind to fix it.  when the receptionist came back $65 which I knew was wrong - I felt the $5 was worth me getting the hell out of there before I went insane) Amazing to me the owner/manager doesn't take more pride in quality of service to make sure that her staff know what they are doing.  I felt like I was given a rookie - someone who wasn't properly trained - maybe who isn't even a nail tech.  No one noticed how long this took ... which amazed me ... and then to have the receptionist unable to ring up a simple transaction and fix it in under 10 minutes.... and then still get it wrong...  I almost at some point wondered where the camera was - was this a TV joke? Lesson learned.  Ugh.
5	I have been to this salon twice now and I have to say that my experience was very good. I first went for a haircut - my hair is short and I was given Alicia's name by a friend of mine who also has short hair. It was a great cut so when I needed to have my hair highlighted - I went back and Alicia again did a great job. This Aveda salon is very clean with personable employees...
5	Love this Salon! I had just moved to the area and was in need of a salon. Shalimar is the owner and she just helps make you feel right at home. The salon is very clean, high end and has a zen calming feel to it. Joshua is an Aveda trained hair stylist and incredibly knowledgable with hair color, cuts and styling. He is funny and just easy to chat with. The staff as a whole is friendly and professional. Coming from the San Francisco, CA area, I was concerned that I would have a difficult time finding a place I can trust here in Az. Shalimar is awesome! I highly recommend this salon.
5	This review is for the Spa aspect. I cannot for the life of me remember the guy's name, but he does the facials/waxing at Shalimar (there are 2 men there). I've been to Shalimar for hair and it was a disaster. I gave it THREE tries for hair. The first time I loved it. 2nd and 3rd... I left with my hair feeling damped, frizzy and my cut was awful.  But anyway...The decor of the salon could be a little updated, though the shampoo room was relaxing. The owner is always very nice and hilarious. That aside, I decided to give their Skin services a try. I am so glad I did! The esthetician  (male) was amazing! You really get a full hour!!! Price was excellent and his massage was to die for!!  The room was very cramped, but when you're getting pampered, who cares?! His customer service is excellent! I'll always go to him now for my facials.
