5	this is the perfect little art supply shop. it's small, which is good because i often find my head spinning when walking into massive art stores. they only carry the best and most necessary items which makes it easy. the staff is knowledgeable and most of them are artists too and can offer first-hand advice. the framing is GREAT, the turn around may take a couple more days,  but 100% worth the wait.
5	I've been to this place maybe three times and on the first trip I decided it would be my Blick alternative. They really do keep their selection down to the best and most necessary items and seem to have just about any small and specific item you would need that Michael's would not carry. I have found their stock to be quite providing to my drawing, painting, and framing needs, however they also provide special items such as zinc plates for printing. If you need something special but Blick is across the city, I would definitely suggest at least calling Desert Art Supplies before making the trip over to Blick. The staff is also incredibly responsive and helpful without being the hovering annoying types. They are in contrast, very calm and reserved, but totally ready to assist you. I feel really fortunate to have such a wonderful store so close to me and I can tell that it's going to be a challenge to find anything as good anywhere else.
5	Greeted upon entering, and offered great customer service. Nice to see a family owned business with good customer service.
4	If this place wasnt so pricey Id give them five stars. The service here is excellent. Despite the small size of this store, i usually leave with everything i needed. I like the fact that they have open stock on items such as art stix. What this means is they sell each color individually so you dont have to buy the whole box when you only need a color or two. They have ALL of your art needs, from painting & drawing supplies to mould making and printmaking supplies. Not the biggest store - theres a larger one on charleston - but itll do.
5	Started off at hobby lobby looking for a green marker that would creat a realistic drip. I stood there for 20 minutes without being helped. When I went to Desert Art Supply I was helped right away and they even knew what type of paint pen I needed right away. I am very happy with the service. Also the store is very well kept and organized it is very easy to find what you need.
5	Cool place! A ton of supplies, everything from brushes to paints, calligraphy and canvas. Walking in I caught site of a wall of minitures and models, things for that train set and mini landscape if you wanted it. That told me this place was good, the depth of suppies is endless. They even have a work room and will do framing, staff friendly and helpful, great shop.
5	Went into this store looking for a few things for my fountain pens. Looked at all the big brand name store nothing, poor customer service and  had to hunt for someone. Here they greeted me right away and were very friendly! We ended up joking around a bit and they had everything I needed. Totally worth checking them out and their huge selection.
5	Great selection of spray paint and caps. Staff is somewhat knowledgable in this field. Awesome little spot.
