3	This place really has a lot to offer the casual crafter.  They have a lot variety in their yarn selection and have plenty of instructional books and classes to help out.  The staff is also very knowledgeable about most projects and are more than willing to give advise.  The only problem I had was the lack of useful stuff for more advanced projects.  Maybe I should sign up for one of the classes.  I don't know.  Anyway, they said they were moving locations soon.  So in October they will be at the Kenilworth Commons.
3	This is a great shop if you are looking for the perfect yarn for your next project.  They always stock what is trendy (like that weird ribbon yarn) and have a lot of Panther colored yarn (they need some Charlotte Checkers yarn... then I'd be in more often!)  There are a lot of yarn shops in Charlotte, but it's not necessarily my favorite.  The staff always seems nice, but they definitely cater to their regulars and the "in crowd."  I always feel like there is this vibe of the cool customers and if you aren't one of them, you might not have as positive of an experience.All in all, a nice shop.  The longer I've been knitting, the more rarely I find myself at yarn shops, because I've gathered too much of my own stock and cravings for the more rare yarns to visit local stores as much as I should.
5	This is one of my favorite yarn shops in Charlotte. It's not the closest, it's not the cheapest... but if I want something interesting & beautiful, I know I can find it here.All of the employees of the shop (there don't appear to be that many) are very helpful and friendly, but the owner is simply amazing.Seriously, I've only been in the shop 6 or 7 times over last few years, but she remembers my name, the yarn I picked up last, the project I was making with it, and even the person I came in with a few times before and what they were making. Because she remembers so many details, she's able to make fantastic suggestions on yarn & notions. I haven't been disappointed yet with any of her suggestions.I'm not sure if she has a database installed directly in her brain or what, but she makes you feel very welcome. If anyone ever needs lessons on how to grow a small business & make customers feel right at home, just stop by Charlotte Yarn for a few minutes.
4	This is a very nice yarn shop with an extensive stock. It isn't the greatest yarn store ever, but the kindness of the owner and two shop dogs won me over. The owner was genuinely concerned with not only our shopping experience but our experience in Charlotte. And, they have their own dyed yarn...not much but what they have is great. Check it out!
