3	If you are looking for something to eat off the Strip, this isn't a bad choice.  One of the secrets to enjoying a trip to Vegas is learning about places off the Strip.  Dragonfly is next door to its sister restaurant Firefly, a fairly popular tapas restaurant with live music at night.Dragonfly just opened a few weeks ago, and it has a lot of potential.  I do have to admit that many of the dishes were not very good, but I think given time, things will improve.  Right now though, given a choice, I'd rather go to Firefly next door.PROS:- Lots of potential, but avoid if not interested in trying new flavors- Location is off-Strip, so it's easy to access, plus there are a number of very good restaurants in the same plaza, in case you change your mind- The Firedragon roll (shrimp tempura with spicy tuna) was fantastic - we got seconds!- The yakitori (Japanese-style skewers) are a great way to have variety and share foodCONS:- The pad thai was nothing like what I normally get- The egg roll was decent, but it was a single egg roll cut into 4 pieces (not a good value)
4	So I went to watch poker at the Poker Dome downtown and I ended up sitting next to the manager of Dragonfly - An Asian Joint.  When I told her that Firefly was my favorite restaurant, she explained that Dragonfly was an asian spinoff of my dearly beloved Firefly.  I'm definitely in love with Japanese food, so I thought I'd check it out.  The first time I went, I didn't think it was anything special.  I was most pleased with the "Fried Shishito Peppers"--mild peppers that are deep fried and topped with miso sauce.  The sushi rolls were average in taste, though some of the most beautiful creations I've seen.  I left feeling satisfied but not impressed.  I decided to give it another try and had an amazing experience.  It started with the "Tuna Sliders".  A hunk of delightfully seasoned and moist  tuna, between two pieces of soft bread and topped with wasabi mayonnaise.  Delicious.   After I inhaled my sliders, I asked the waiter for a suggestion.  After hearing my favorites he suggested "Banana Leaf Salmon"...three words that would change my life.  Okay I'm being dramatic.  But when I took the first bite of that salmon I was shocked.  Layers and layers of flavor.  Tender flakes of salmon.  Painfully soft shitake mushrooms.  I'm starting to tear up just remembering it.  So I'll admit it.  I'm in love with Dragonfly.  Equally as much as I'm in love with Firefly.  Great service, great food, and during happy hour, great prices.
3	Yea so I was drunk hungry coming here after the Jet concert at the Hard Rock pool. It was Firefly? or Dragonfly? Dragonfly had less people. It was loud inside with their resident dj spinning. I was HAWNGRY! So I ended up with a taste of everything. Tempura was great - It was different from regular because they had potato tempura and firm tofu tempura. The sauce that came with it was slightly thicker than your normal Tempura sauce. The chicken fried rice was good too. Nothing fancy. I kinda wish it was bigger for the cost of it.  Veggie curry was pretty good.with shitake and tofu balanced with a coconut and curry sauce. It was well complimented with the Jasmine rice. Pad thai a lil saucy, strong flavor. Good but overwhelming in flavors.  The tuna sliders were definitely tasty! The tuna was moist with the carmelized onion and Lychee ketchup. They have your standard sushi menu. The service was slow because they were understaffed. I would go back again. But Firefly would still be first choice!
1	on friday night there is a DJ set, attracting the hipster crowd-more of a social gathering than anything-always spills over into the parking lot.  somehow you are allowed to bring your drink outside.  usually there is a pretty good vibe, just kids checking eachother out, shooting the shit whatever. t beware of bringing your own booze and drinking it in the parking lot.  the yuppie owner flipped the hell on me and my girlfriend (i thought he was gonna hit her), plenty of good coked up yelling, and all and all unprofessional behavior..even his bouncer was taken aback.  so that's what kind of experience i got after dropping 40 bucks a weekend for a month on overpriced beers, to just hang out in a parking lot on paradise.what bothers me is that this guy also owns firefly next door, and i used to be able to enjoy their late night fare.
2	went to Vegas last weekend for training.  my cousin recommended goin to Firefly and stressed on how good it was...so we headed that way.  i was hungry.  hardly ate anything all day.  training classes from 8 to 6 with only 30 min breaks in between hour and a half  classes.  had coffee for breakfast, and a nasty spring roll from a cheap ass wanna-be asian food place at the riviera.  i was starving.we get to firefly and the place is packed.  we were told it would be a 20 -25 minute wait.  my stomach growled at me in anger.  20 - 25 minutes????  i just might pass out during that time.  so next door was a different kind of fly.... dragonfly...an asian joint.  we proceeded to check out the menu posted on the window.  as we were doing that, one of the servers came out and assured us it was really good in there.  they enticed us with an available table right at that very moment.the place looked pretty cool inside.  not too big.  one small bar in the corner.  cool dragonfly decor on the walls.  some kind of anime porn projecting against the wall... that was interesting.  the service was good.  our server was actually really nice and very helpful.i had a raspberry margarita.  it wasn't too bad.  they had a pretty big selection on the drink menu.  i started with a miso soup which was actually not too bad..  i then had a volcano roll and it was... eh... ok.  portions for very small, and not very cheap.  and i was still hungry.  so my friend and i decided to split a sampler with some rice.  (we're so Filipino. )  probably not a good idea since the beef was pretty much raw, the chicken was too salty, and the meatballs were too mushy...  overall the food was eh.  next time i'm waiting for firefly.
2	This restaurant is located in a shopping center hosting a number of restaurants including the wildly popular Firefly which shares the same ownership as the Dragonfly.  Unfortunately the Asian bistro concept has fallen on deaf wallets and, other than a few people at the bar; the restaurant was empty at 8:40PM this Monday evening.  In contrast, it was standing room only over at the Firefly.  My wifeordered a Thai beef salad with pickled cucumber in a warm spicy sauce which was excellent.  I ordered the banana leaf salmon steamed with miso and shitake mushrooms.  The Atlantic salmon was very good, but it obviously had not been steamed in the banana leaf which was cold to the touch.  A very good side dish of baby bok choy stir fried with oyster mushrooms was shared.
2	This place is just ok.  Nice decor but its always dead when I walk by here while going into Firefly.  So my wife and I call this place Deadfly cuz no one is ever in there when we walk by.We only ate here once.  The food was alright.  Nothing to write home about.  Sushi was comparable to Makino but more expensive.  I did enjoy the fact that they has Orion beer (okinawan beer) which is great but pricey.  I'd rather just go to Ichiza any day of the week.
5	I would give this place 5 stars for the rock star Todd alone!     We headed over to The Hard Rock to enjoy super late night eats. Simon and No-bu were closed. One of the guys at No-bu said that we had to go to Dragonfly.  We played and won some major $$$($60) in Penny slots, (LoL) and were on our way.     I can't tell you what it was but there was good JuJu written all over this place. It had the right balance of music and ambiance.First off,  everything was 1/2 price!!!!!!!!!  Todd mixed us up some well poured Grey goose and sodas.   We ended up ordering edamame,  swordfish belly, the Vegas roll, captain roll and some other yummy roll. It was all to die for. The swordfish was so buttery. Then Todd treated us to Hamachi with Jalapeno. WOW, the flavor was so balance and the jalapeno gave it an nice texture.  Then the rolls. Good god man! I don't really even like rolls. These were the absolute best I have ever tasted. Everything else so amazing. We finished off with more drinks and then Todd brought us a round of apple sake shots!.        The final bill $56!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 5 Grey Goose and sodas were only $20!Our penny slots paid for dinner. We had an awesome time and will definitely be back when ever we are back in Vegas.
4	SO and I hit Dragonfly last nite .....it's worth a 2nd visit.  we've been to firefly which we enjoy very much.  Dragonfly was somewhat dead ( 'tis the season ?? ) but next door, firefly was hoppin' !SO had salmon sashimi w/ "traditional" topping ( you can choose from several toppings they place atop" the sashimi ) - she liked it...i thought it was ok - the salmon felt warmer than room temp.  she also had a beef curry "bowl" ...they call it a bowl yet it's not served in a bowl ...the sauce could've used more curry and less coconut milk but the veggies were good - the beef....ehhhhhhhi had the bacon wrapped quail eggs....stick to the bacon wrapped eggs next door.  the i had the tuna sliders - dare i say...they were too big ?!?!   tasty but the tuna flavor does get lost in the seasoning/saucei tried a couple cocktails - the sake sangria...refreshing...and a japanese vodka drink  - also refreshingoverall....i prefer firefly next door - but i want to return to try some more of the hot  "small plates"
5	I dig this spot for the pad thai, asian brew, decor, music, friendly service and the late happy hour prices. No more Jack in the Box. Tight!
4	I enjoy this place, only because of the Happy Hour prices and how it is so intimate.  Ive been there only twice but both time we had a great time.  I enjoy their Vegas roll, spider roll, and all their rolls except for their 808 (it had spam), it sounded really tasty, but disappointing.Dragonfly is a good place to hang out and get away from the crowd of the strip.Service is a hit or miss there, just depends on how late it is.
4	THE ORDER:Yaki Platter - 3 Grilled Skewers                         Pork Shoulder, Chicken Tempura, Filet MignonSwordfish belly w. spicy misoFilet roll (sorry forgot name)Kirin light - on tapYIPPEEE:Chicken tempura - an elegant light and crispy chicken fingerBOOO:Filet roll - the mayonish sauce overpowered the other ingredientsMake reservations - very busy
4	This is the sister restaurant of Firefly which is right next door. I recommend the happy hour. Sit at the bar, talk to the awesome bartender Aaron, and eat cheap, delicious sushi.Beware: It is in a strip mall and the parking lot gets crazy, stupid, busy.
4	Not a bad place for happy hour.  The beers were pretty cheap, and the food wasn't bad at all.  There weren't many people here though.  They were all next door at Firefly's.  The place isn't big, but the service was really good.  Probably for the fact that there weren't many people in there.  Nice place for a happy hour menu though.
4	Dragonfly is in a strip mall right next to Firefly. Albondigas. Ceviche. Chorizo stuffed mushrooms. Pitchers of Sangria and Mojitos. It's a good place for a group of 5 or 6 but for a group of 12-15 it's not great. It's off the strip but it is still in Las Vegas so that clubby feel still exists.Actually I just remembered we ate at Firefly. This is confusing. One of them should think about changing their name, seriously.
3	I stopped eating here cause I can never get my stinkin' sushi in under 45 minutes.  One time it took AN HOUR.Not bad once you get it, but it just always take too damn long.
