5	Don't be fooled by the humble exterior and lack of decor- this place rocks! According to our waitress they just opened.Everyone who helped me was super enthusiastic, willing to take the time to explain menu items & chat. This place seems geared around "to go" orders but there was still plenty of seating in the spotless dining area.My boyfriend & I shared a taco dorado plate and a flautas plate. Both were delicious, crispy, and obviously freshly prepared. The sauce and rice they came with were perfectly seasoned, I can't speak for the refried beans because I didn't try them but apparently they were tasty. The horchata and flan were both also worthwhile.In summary: great food, great service, and good prices earn a solid 5 star from me - I will definitely be back.
5	We love this little spot!!!! Like the other reviewer said, don't let the lack of flash stop you. The food is fresh! The tacos are amazing! The staff is friendly and helpful. I have been here several times over the last two months. I love it!
5	This place is incredible.  All of the ingredients are fresh.  They don't have a lot of really heavy dishes loaded with sour cream and cheese but you don't miss any of that unhealthy stuff at all because the dishes are perfectly prepared.  I highly recommend the shrimp tacos with the salsa verde, avocado cream sauce, and cilantro from the fresh bar.  In summary, healthy, authentic, fresh and delicious.  If you think chipotle or other chains have fresh ingredients, trust me, this place puts them to shame.  We will be back again soon!
5	I really liked this place. Great traditional style taco stand tacos. This place is small and clean, I had a steak tacos and a carnitas. Both were excellent. Great prices too. This place is a little hard to find, but it is worth the search.
5	Coworkers and I go here for lunch and all I can say is amazing!  The owners are so proud of the food that they serve and are always willing to make recommendations.  As the other review said don't be fooled for the look of the place you will not be disappointed.  The last time I had this beef cooked in it's own juices and want to just keep going back for more.  We tried the churros OMG delicious!  Definitely do not just drive by this place!
5	One of the best for tacos in Charlotte. We tried the fish, shrimp, barbacoa and beef tongue  tacos; all delicious!  And the homemade Horchata is fantastic! I'll be visiting once a week.
5	A traditional place with delicious tacos!   The owners are very friendly and lovely people.  We will be back!
5	Taqueria  at 8652 Pineville Matthews Rd. was a chance find that I truly enjoyed this afternoon!!  I just wanted something light and totally enjoyed 2 chicken tacos.  They were well seasoned with fresh cilantro, radish and lime.  I'll surely return soon to try dinner!!
5	Went here for a quick lunch today, and it was so good!  I got 3 chicken tacos, and they were all simple amazing.  Everything was so fresh, and not too greasy or heavy like some tacos.  I'll definitely be back.
5	This place serves traditional Mexican street food and it is freaking fantastic!  We had fish, steak, chorizo,  and barbacoa tacos and all were super fresh and delicious. Tacos are only about $2 each! It's great to have this place in our area, it's a nice break from the slew of Americanized Mexican restaurants. The owners are very nice, we will definitely be back.
4	After two visits, I have tried the chicken tacos, barbacoa and fish tacos, as well as chips and salsa and Refried beans. Unlike other Mexican restaurants, Taqueria is fresh, light, and delicious. Although the owners and servers are extremely friendly the service is very slow because, from my two visits, it appears to be just the two of them. Upon arriving both times I waited at the door because the wife was in the back cooking. However, upon being seated, she explained everything, and when I say everything, she went thought the entire menu, as well as gave me her recommendation. Overall, the food is too die for, but I do wish they would get a few more servers and offer a little better salsa for the chips. I will be back.
5	Came here for a quiet weeknight dinner with my girlfriend. The place is family owned with fantastic service and wonderful, authentic tacos. You can tell they care about their food and how it tastes and looks! I had 4 different tacos containing chorizo, beef tongue (delicious!), barbacoa, and pork. My girlfriend has fish tacos which she expressed a love for as well. At ~$2.00 per taco or less it would be hard not to make this a regularly visited place to get great food.
5	Very impressed!  We just moved to Charlotte from TX, and haven't had the best of luck finding Mexican restaurants we would go back to after the first visit.  This place is great though, and we definitely plan to go back for more.  You can't go wrong with the tacos!
1	We went in based on great yelp reviews. We tried two chicken tacos and the California Burrito with steak. Chicken was cold and dry. Way too much DRY not fresh cilantro was put on the tacos. The burrito was bland and had little flavor. We were overcharged for the burrito also. Coffee was instant coffee with granules on the bottom of the cup.
1	Food very bland ordered the tacosChicken was very bland cold and rubbery textureCilantro was dried out and was not fresh at all and way way to much was put on food
5	I ordered three tacos of the owner's choice: beef/pork combo, steak and chorizo. The tacos were simple, not overly garnished and the flavors distinct. They were all delicious and under six bucks.I ended up eating a fourth fish taco that was my personal favorite. It came with a very light lime mayo sauce that set off the well cooked fish perfectly.Chips were average, but the salsa was well spiced and flavorful.We started off the only patrons and were immediately seated by the owner. He was very friendly and helpful, explained the menu and a little about the way they do things. He was more than happy to pick my food for me and made great choices. We also recieved our food almost immediately. Couldn't recommend any more highly.
4	Staff very friendly and helpful with explaining menu items, and making recommendations based on how many you will serve and how soon you will eat. I ordered the food "to go"Generous portions. Tasty!
1	The salsa was almost tasteless whichvis stunning for a Mexican restaurant.  Once the main course arrived we still wanted to give this place a chance to impress. A simple taco and burrito still was not flavorful. Whether you're looking for authenticity or flavor this is not the place.
5	Grabbed dinner the other night. Everything was excellent. I got 3 tacos and all were tasty. Loved that they have a chorizo taco. Margaritas were delicious and they have homemade horchata. Check this place out.
4	We picked this place based on the Yelp reviews and I have to say it was pretty good. I'm not a huge authentic Mexican food fan and this was definitely authentic but it was good. I had the Barbacoa taco, the chicken taco, and the carnitas taco. All were good and everything is home made at this place. We also ordered the flautas appetizer which was also good, however the dinner portion was brought out instead of the appetizer. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was their salsa. I was definitely looking for more heat in it and that is just a personal preference. You could tell that it was made with fresh ingredients there. The guac was good had a good lime zing to it. My boyfriend had the same thing I did minus the chicken taco. He decided to try the beef tongue taco instead and he really liked it!!There was a small altercation about a check between another customer and the owner. Mostly it was the customer yelling in spanish and the owner gracefully trying to accommodate him. After the customer left the owner came over to apologize and inquire about out meal. He was so nice and gracious and honestly made us feel really good about supporting a local mom and pop establishment. Without us even mentioning it he questioned the flautas order saying he wasn't sure which we wanted so he erred on the bigger portion but only charged us the appetizer rate. Really nice family run business who will treat you very well :)
2	If you know what you're getting into it's probably ok.  The salsa and chips is not like other Mexican restaurants in any way.  I was not a huge fan and they charge if you want extra chips.  Tacos are mostly authentic style with cilantro and onions not American with lettuce, tomato etc.It's a small place and as others have said the service is sufficient but not overly impressive.  The prices are certainly reasonable, but I will check out some other Mexican restaurants to see if I can do better.
2	Did not live up to the hype. Tried chicken, beef, and carne. All of them lacked flavor. The horchata was good.
2	First off, I want to mention that I had originally thought to give this place 3 stars...but I'll get to that shortly.The food was....well, it was food.  Definitely food.  No doubt about it.  The food was similar to the street vendors and hole in the wall places I've seen in Tucson, AZ....but noticeably more greasy.  But the spices were what I was used to.  I just don't think they were used in the best way.I walked in hungry and walked out not hungry.  In my book that's enough to get 3 stars...as long as nothing else goes wrong.I'm not going say that the service was truly awful, but it was apathetic enough to drop the overall rating to 2 stars.
4	After a run on a nearby greenway, I was looking to refuel. Stopped here and boy was I glad I did. The man working the counter was an absolute delight. He welcomed me in and proceed to explain the WHOLE menu.   All I wanted were tacos. But he was on a roll, so I let him finish. The tacos were delicious and made in lightning speed. I was out of there in 5 minutes. I had the pollo, carne asada, and al pastor. All were delicious. I definitely recommend stopping here. If not for the food, stop for a person who is nice and happy doing what he does. You seldom get that anymore. Support this small business!!! Please.
4	Went to this place yesterday for dinner....  When I arrived the place was practically empty.  I thought uh-oh....  However, I have to admit that the food was pretty good and at a great price.First, I got the complimentary bowl of chips and dipping sauces.  The chips were still a little warm and crispy which I thought proved they were fresh.  Then, I ordered three small tacos.  One of carnitas, another of carne asada and one al pastor.  All three meats were flavorful and delicious.  The tortillas were very soft and fresh.  Honestly, the tortillas were some of the best I've had.  I added a pepsi to top it all off.The bill was $8 and change....... Can't beat that.
4	Solid choice for good eats in Pineville!  Clean, great service, expansive menu, Mexican coke.  I tried a carnitas torta, it was loaded with lettuce, tomato, onion, black beans, jalapeno, avocado and oh yeah, roasted pork! They were super nice, it will be on heavy rotation, my favorite thing is they open at 10a!  Breakfast of champions.
3	Good food. Nothing to rave about but no complains here. Very nice / friendly staff. No hard tacos :( but i guess that's what you get when you go authentic. There is 1 thing that my wife and I didn't not like at all was their sweet tea. Whatever they are using to make it can't be natural. Fake sugar or powder tea... something is really wrong with it.
5	Great tacos! Non-assuming place. The real thing.
5	Having moved to the Queen city from SoCal where authentic Mexican food rules, I can say that this is the closest you will get to good Mexican food around this area. I am talking about food that is not drenched in melted cheese, canned tomato salsa, or tacos made from ground meat and on a hard shell. This is Mexican home cooking. The food served here and their flavors are what I am used to growing up on Mexican food. The place is a family owned business that cooks every dish to order and they try their best to serve their food as quickly as possible without compromising quality. This will be a good place to try if you have never had a chance to eat authentic Mexican, and the place to go if you are a West coast transplant yearning for true tacos.
4	This is my kind of place. It's located in what's nearly a "hole in the wall" in a strip mall next to a buffet restaurant.This is a 'taqueria' by the most pure definition of the word. This is street food in a restaurant. I've ordered all the traditional tacos, and they are all absolutely delicious. The tortillas are perfectly cooked, the portion size is authentic, and the radish, along with the toppings for each taco are fantastic. I could eat a dozen of these at a sitting, but I try to stop at 3.I've also tried the refried beans and the rice, both of which taste amazing. The beans are creamy and mild, and the rice is savory, but not over-salted.This place is authentic, and the owner is fantastic and involved. I only drop one star for a few reasons: I wish that the chips and salsa weren't charged after the first basket (it's a low priced/loss lead food item, so not sure why it they charge for extra), I also wish the wait staff was a bit older/more seasoned. Finally, I wish there were some milder salsas. I love Mexican street food, but this gringa in Charlotte can't take the heat! Their green salsa is the mildest heat-wise. I'd like more flavor and a bit less heat as an option.Still, 4 stars from me, and I recommend this place highly. I'm developing a craving again, just reviewing it! We'll be back soon!
