1	Extremely long wait times in the drive through, with cement blockers so you can't drive away, smart for them, frustrating for the 10-15 minute wait in line behind people. Then you get your food, Warm at best, poor quality, and for me usually wrong with mayo on it that I asked not to be. Inside of the restaurant you are called out by number, when they first opened it was a number an a rhyme, 109 your order looks Devine, things like that. That has ceased, and you have mediocre food waiting for you at the counter, that also takes a while to get to you. They're attached to a long johns silvers which to me, gets the same rating, dry, bad food.
5	I crave soft serve ice cream, like all  the time. They have the best stuff here! Yes, there is a wait, everything is cooked to order! This is right by my house, I'll always be a familiar face here!
3	This is an ok place, but nothing special. You always have to wait a long time both inside and in the drive thru, no matter what you order. The food is ok, but nothing special. This is a shared operation with Long John Silver's, so there is an expanded menu, which adds a little excitement. The highlight of this place is the Root beer Floats and the only reason I visit from time to time.
1	Ghetto!!! I new better to try this particular Long John's but I was in the area so I thought I would suck it up. It took forever to get my order in. The employees were slow and looked like they were working a prison detail. While,I was eating, a handicapped female came in with her family and they waited so long at the register that another customer had to walk up to the counter and yell back for the cashier. I then needed a lid and a bag for the remainder of my meal so I waited 10 minutes at the counter as I watched the cashier finally walk up to the front, she was carrying ice cream containers to the freezer, put them in, and then walked right back to the back of the store after she looked right at me and didn't even care to ask me what I wanted. Forget it !!!! I left and will never be back. Jerks !!!
3	I only come here for their root beer floats and I love them.  A little stingy on the ice cream though.
1	I  just went through A&W at 4 pm. I would just like to point out no one was in line for the drive thru, yet I still had to wait five minutes to place my order. This place was dead and five minutes honestly? This lady made us wait for five minutes just for a order of cheese curds. Also the drive through speaker had old bird poop dripping down the sides! DISGUSTING! They stated that they sold all the cheese curds! We were appalled and it was the worst service! We are never going back! I DO NOT recommend A&W! -Stephanie
1	Always very slow. Doesn't matter if it's the Drive-thru or walk in its always going to take forever. Plus they always get my order wrong!You guys lost my business.
1	We waited in the drive-thru line for two root bear floats for more than 45 minutes only to be told that there was no ice cream. Don't go!
1	Horrible, horrible. I ordered take out and got home. We began to eat our food and realized the burgers were nit cooked correctly, so I opened the entire burger and the other side was chewy and hard...Like when you reheat a day old OR more burger in the microwave. There were not many cars in the drive thru either and we waited over 20 minutes. I called to complain and even called the local office to tell them the horrible service and food this location had. I also advised him he should retrain the employees. I will NEVER again eat there and advise you to go to Jack in the Box instead.
2	This place is so freaking slow.  I have been sitting at the window so long that I was able to download this app and write a bad review.  I'm rounding 10 minutes. This is slow food,  not fast food.
