5	A chain, yes. But par for the course, no. First of all, they have an extensive wine list, which includes a rare type of sparkling wine, called Brachetto. In this area, DUI's are more common than a cold, and it's a light and tasty wine, with a low alcohol content. So it's option is great for me. It also goes great with everything they serve, because of it's unique flavor profile.Lizzie was our waitress, and offered options and suggestions, which actually saved us quite a bit of money on the whole. Not that, by any stretch of the imagination, is this a place to go when you are not intending a big splurge. This is a place to take it slow and spend slightly over a decent amount. The food, however, is absolutely worth it. We tried the Cheddar fondue, which could have used a bit more mustard powder and worstershire sauce, but on the whole was delicious. It was well prepped, and Lizzie explained what she was adding and why the whole time. The veggie selection is a bit mundane, and that's really my only complaint. We ate the "big night out" prix fix menu and chose the "Fusion" option which had lobster tail, shrimp, brats, ravioli, new york strip, sirloin steak, and a marinated chicken. We cooked it in the Boullion method which is just a flavored broth. Because it's not oil, you do need to add 30 sec to a min to the suggested cook times, but it was a lot lighter than using the oil and we didn't come home smelling like oil. The california salad was incredible. It had mixed greens, sliced roma tomatoes, chopped pecans, and blue cheese crumbles with a rasberry black walnut dressing. It's been a long time since I was able to truly enjoy a salad, and this was amazing. The chocolate we chose was the Smore. It was milk chocolate, marshmallow creme flambeed with grahm cracker bits added after the fire goes out. It's served with 2 types of coated marshmallows, pound cake, a slice of cheese cake, and a bowl of sliced strawberries and bananas. Just enough to fill us up, but we didn't overstuff ourselves. Our dinner was leisurely paced and took us about 2 to 2 1/2 hrs to get through. This is pretty normal for fondue. You do have the option of sitting at the bar and having just a cheese or chocolate, if you are on a time constraint though. It's located in a great little shopping and dining area that wasn't too crowed last night, but I think that was more due to the weather, than the actual popularity of the place.
2	It was only ok.  There were 4 of us, we ordered an appetizer and a dessert and the bill was $104 w/out the tip.  Service was so so; seems no one remembered to bring the drinks we requested.  The dessert tray we ordered came with different items on it as they were out of the items that were listed on the menu.  Which is ok, but if I had know that ahead of time I wouldn't have ordered the dessert. While the food we did order was good I won't go out of my way to go back.
1	This particular Melting Pot is new, so that may be why my experience was not pleasant, but I usually love this place and now I will not return to this location.  The one in Scottsdale is farther away from where I live but after the horrible experience I had, I would much rather drive further to get better service.  I went with my husband for Valentine's Day where we bought the whole package deal and had reservations made in advance.  We arrived and were seated promptly, which was about the only good thing about the whole meal.  The waiter seemed nice enough at first but after welcoming us and leaving us to go over the menu options it all went downhill.  The waiter took about 15-20 minutes to return and take our order.  He then forgot our drinks and they didn't arrive for another 10 minutes when he brought out our food.  After the cheese fondue course he once again was slow bringing out our salads and was never around when I needed a refill on my tea.  Then the main part where the meats were served was just horrible.  All of the meat was extremely salty and tasted like it had been marinated way too long.  The dessert was also poor quality because they ran out of some items that were suppose to be on the plate.  Then the manager stopped by all of the tables around us but for some reason just walked by us without any acknowledgment which was rude and unprofessional.  At the end of the meal the waiter gave us our gift and just walked away while other servers around us explained what was in the bag and thanked the other customers for coming.  We also almost walked out of the door without the picture they took of us (part of the package) until the hostess explained where they were to be picked up.  I did fill out a survey on their website about what happened and the manager called the next night at 7pm and apologized in a hurry and told me to call him back.  I did try to call him back and he was not working that night, but he never called again.  I'm disappointed that this experience ruined my perception of this restaurant.  Next time I will definitely not come to this location!
3	My now Hubby & I used to go to the Melting Pot every anniversary. We would to go to the Scottsdale location, but on our most recent Valentine's Day outting, we went to the new Glendale location. Like I said, it was Vday so they had a specialty menu set up just for it. For the cheese fondue we opted to try the Spinach & Artichoke, which we had never tried before, it was so yummy! For our salads, my Hubby got the Club & I got the Ceaser. Mine was good, pretty standard, but Hubs said his sucked. I can't recall the name of our main course since it was a special running for that weekend only, but I know it had Lobster somewhere in the name! The meats & veggies were yummy & we the used Coq au Vin cooking style like we always do. For dessert we ordered the Smores, we've had it before so we knew what to expect but it was delicious! During dinner we did order a bottle of Kendall Jackson red & a bottle of Martini Rossi, we went cheap since we knew dinner was going to be a lot! Oh & at the end of our meal they gave us complimentary glasses of what I beileve was Spumante (red, champagne). Nice touch but that bottle costs like $8 at the grocery store :pAt the end of our meal they did have a nice little gift bag with a bottle of their Garlic & Wine seasoning, their milk chocolate fondue bar, mints, a coupon & a picture frame. They were supposed to take our pic & then we would put that pic in the frame but they never took our pic. Oh well, got pics on our own camera any way.After this last visit we have decided to no longer make this our "anniversary spot". Coming up this December is our 1st wedding anniversary so we are going to find a new place. We love you Melting Pot but the prices are just so not worth it!
5	I had an absolutely perfect evening there last night. Our waiter was Ryan and he was awesome. We reserved a private booth for the night which was incredibly romantic. It was so cute our waiter knocked before he opened the curtain every time to ensure we weren't making out or anything like that. It was so fun. We had amazing wine and we decided to go with the Big Night Out which is a LOT of food and it takes a good 2 hours to eat your whole meal but it is so fun sitting close to that special someone while having a unique dining experience. We had the spinach artichoke cheese which was delicious. We ate that right up! We got the lettuce wraps for our salad and the sauce that came with it was amazing. The meat selection for the main course is huge and all the seasonings were great and it was easy to cook your own meat (remember to have a cell phone with a timer on it to make this easier). Then there is dessert which is incredible! We also got 2 free glasses of champagne as it was my boyfriends birthday.  I can't wait for another special event so we can go again!
4	This review is for dessert only. Came here the other night with a party of four. we just had dessert and it was amazing! We were kinda boring and just got the milk chocolate but it was perfect chocolate with all kinds of yummy treats for dipping, our favorites being the strawberries, cheesecake,  brownies and rice crispy treats, our least favorite was the marshmallows. our waiter was pretty full of his own self importance and a little annoying with his I'm so cool attitude, look at all my cool tattoos. Other than that it was great and we will be back for more of that yummy chocolate.
4	My wife and I love this place very intimate and perfict place for a romantic dinner for two.The fondue is a excellent and and excellent wine list. We always try new meals every time we go. We love the desert is amazing the amaretto with white chocolate or the ying and yang are excellent. the cooking style with the wine or the broth is usually what we get. Love this place very attentive and clean.
3	After hearing people rave about this place, finally got to check it out for a friend's birthday. This location is kind of hard to find...GPS got me to the parking lot of an insurance company and then I wandered for about 5 minutes before finding it. Second, it took a while to get food. It was tasty, but seemed pretty expensive for me dipping things in cheese and chocolate. On a positive note, our server was pretty good, high 5 for Sean! Since gift cards were on sale, I'll be going back...but the total for 8 of us was $350.
5	ABSOLUTLEY THE BEST TIME I'VE HAD AT A RESTAURANT IN A LONG LONG TIME... With that out of the way, my future wife and I couldn't have enjoyed the food any more. Our server Brandon was very informative and patient, as we had never done fondue before. Make sure to try a dessert one too! Ours was phenomenal!!! Food: so delicious you melt into your booth... Service: outstanding and fun... Atmosphere: Romantic and luxurious... Overall experience: Wow, we have to digest this so we can come right back...
4	First off let me start by saying that the last time I had fondue was in the 1970's while my parents where having a canasta card party! So my wife says, "I have a surprise for Valentines for us"; which always makes me wonder, hum. We end up at the Melting Pot and I think, oh boy, lots of cheese and I haven't had a bathroom break in a day or two!Well, we were a few minutes late for our reservation but the hostess was great and took us right in. We were greeted by our waiter and I immediately found out he knows everything you need to know about cheese, broth, cooking and just about everything in between. So, my wife had set us up for the Valentines package where you get a champagne toast with different choices for appetisers, main dish and desserts. Well, here's where the fun begins! Let's just say the cheese portion was a small piece of this whole thing.  Mind you I do have a little problem 'boiling my meat' in a pot, but I have to tell you I was surprised! Everything was fresh and the sauces that were provided to accompany our choices were great. Needless to say, I was very impressed with the service as well as the food.I say, this place is more than just another CHEESY restaurant! Thanks Melting Pot for a great Valentines Romantic dinner.
4	Hubby and I came here for our anniversary, the staff made it very special for us! Love the privacy of the booths and the unique interactive experience! The lobster in the Caribbean infused broth was amazing! Worth the price for that most special occasion!
5	We had yet another fabulous experience at my favorite dining place, The Melting Pot. Sean was our waiter and did a wonderful job. We were called in by the special, which more than fed the two of us. When you get a chance to go, make it a more intimate ordeal like we did and reserve a private booth. Thanks again for a tasty dinner and great ambiance.
5	Absolutely incredible experience. My boyfriend took me here for my 20th birthday and got me the 'Romance Package'. We got our own private little booth with curtains, a bouquet of roses, and what seemed to be our own personal server. She was probably helping other tables as well but she made us seem like we were the only ones in the place. The food was not only amazing, it was an extraordinarily fun experience. We cooked it to our own tastes and there was so much extra to choose from! The portions are perfect for two and we could barely walk out of the restaurant afterwards because of all the different courses! I will definitely be visiting The Melting Pot as often as I can. Although a bit pricy, the ambience, food, and experience is completely worth it.
2	We had a Business Mixer at this location and was dissappointed.  IT was prearranged that we were coming as a group and to stay on a certain type of menu as everyone buys their own food and drinks and it's happy hour at this time.     The happy hour menu wasn't presented to everyone and they were shocked at the drink prices.   The prices of EACH person who "ate" was charged separate prices!  But there was ONE POT of the melted cheese shared with 5 people????  Each salad was $4, was very tasty BUT small.  The dessert (One Pot of melted chocolate) was awesome BUT each person who ate it was charged $5 a piece.Guess what the bill was for two kids and two adults??  $88, and they charged over a $10 TIP for two kids.Gratuity was NOT discussed prior to this meeting.IF you are going for a "Special" occasion for two adults, I can see spending this kind of $$$ maybe?  Other then this, we weren't FULL but the restaurant sure was full with our $$$.
4	Went to this place with my smarter half to enjoy a relaxing night sans children.  The wait staff was very attentive to our needs and aside from a lack of wine pairing knowledge they were very good to us.  The dessert is absolutely amazing!  definitely worth the money.
4	I have been here only once and it was for my best friends birthday.  I made a reservation but it was unfortunately late in the evening because I made it late.  I expected there to be more people since I was told that the only time they had available was 915pm.  I was ok with this but only because it was for my besty.  We arrived and were quickly seated.  Since it was her first time they went over the whole shpeal about how it works.  We started out with the Wisconsin Trio Cheese Fondue.  I had never thought of bleu cheese in a fondue but boy was this rich and creamy.  We thoroughly enjoyed every last bite.  The only dipping item that I didn't enjoy with it was the uncooked broccoli.  We then moved to the Cesar Salad.  The parmesan encrusted pine nuts were so good we spent quite a bit of time talking about it.  We then got the Land & Sea and a side of the teriyaki-marinated sirloin.  The fun of cooking the food soon became apparent.  She had thought that this would be tedious but quickly warmed to it and enjoyed finding the perfect cook time for the shrimp so that the tail slid right off.  She enjoyed finding different dipping sauces for each of her meats and for the veggies.  The night quickly moved to dessert.  When we were kids we would stay up late and watch horror movies and melt chocolate and peanut butter so The Original was a perfect match for us.  By this time we were fairly full and had forgotten to save room for dessert.  But we ate it anyway.  I love the dippers that are provided.  The strawberries are always fresh and sweet, the bananas were good (based on my friends review, again with the stupid allergies),  The cheesecake was rich and creamy, Rice crispy treats are always good and then add peanut butter and chocolate and heaven is tasted, the graham cracker encrusted and oreo encrusted marshmellows are wonderful and I wish I knew how to make them, the poundcake was divine and the brownies were rich.  Needless to say the dessert was a hit.  The price is high but worth it.  Had to take a star away for the late reservation even though they weren't very busy.  The waitress was ok but the experience at the Scottsdale location with the flambe was an added enjoyment.  It is a nice location.
5	Decadent meal with 5 star service.Took the in-laws for a treat and this was quite possibly one of thee most enjoyable meals ever.   We enjoyed a wide array of delicious food and were pampered each and every step of the way.Desert is killer and is very much a requirement to have before leaving.   Drinks were especially pricey as  the cheapest wine by the glass was north of $7.
5	I took my family to the Melting Pot in Glendale after a busy week at work.  We had been there before so kind of knew what to expect. My daughter loves coming here because she wants to be a chef some day and thinks it is fun to cook her own food.  We had a reservation for 6:15 and upon arrival were taken straight to our booth.  Our waitress was very friendly and took the time to explain the menu and the appropriate cooking times for the different types of food.  The bus boy kept our drinks full and came by often to clear our plates.  The food was pretty good but the highlight was the dessert.  We had the chocolate fondue and my kids were in heaven.  While we were waiting for the dessert the manager came by and offered some comic relief...he brought a big bowl of broccoli and tried to convince my kids that it was what they were getting because they were out of chocolate.I can't say that this is the best food I have ever had but the overall experience makes up for what is lacking in taste.  You can tell that the staff is well managed and that they want you to be happy.  They even took a picture which we were able to download for free from their website!
5	My wife and I love this place. Try to go once a month. The big night out is pricy, but well worth it. I suggest upgrading the broth. Love the spinach and artichoke dip for the cheese and almost always get the bananas foster for the desert. The food is forst class and service is second to none. Aleays had a great experience. Join the club and get awesome offers via email.
4	I just spent the evening with my new grade level teaching team at the Glendale Melting Pot for a year end celebration. What better way to end the school year than with a bunch of melted cheese and chocolate, well, everything huh?-lol! We laughed a lot and shared great times. The restaurant is dark and pretty. Great bonding place with friends and I can imagine a very romantic date place. The food is good. This is a unique dining experience. At first I was like, "Ok I don't like cheese that much", and, "that sure isn't even close to enough food to fill me up."  Ummmmm, yeah. Ummmmmm, no problem there. It is the next day I am still fully stuffed here. We rolled out of there-lol!I loved every bit of every course.( I really want to go back and try the lobster with the Caribbean style cooking oil. After I hit the lottery of course!) YUMMERS too to the chocolate treaties at the end.    Tom the waiter was very accommodating. We were a bunch of crazy, wild woman there and he treated us well. Now a hint for those who don't know about this place. It is very expensive. However, to fix that problem Wahla!l it's restaurant week in Phoenix. So for 30 bucks, plus tax and tip per person, you can share the experience with a preset menu deal.( you can purchase upgrades too)  Lovely evening. Enjoy! Bonjour!
5	My husband and I went here yesterday to take advantage of their happy hour ($5/person cheeses and chocolates, $4 small salads, and discounted booze at the bar Monday-Friday 4-6pm.We arrived about 10 minutes before 6pm and were seated at the bar after a few minutes' wait.  The bar tender who served us was really cool about giving us the happy hour prices the entire time we were there.  Over the course of the meal we each had a glass of wine, 2 types of cheeses (traditional Swiss and seasoned cheddar), and the flaming turtle chocolate fondue.  You are provided with bread, veggies (cauliflower, carrots, and broccoli) and granny smith apples to dip in your cheese.  You are provided with strawberries, bananas, marshmellows, Rice Krispy treats, cheesecake, brownies, and pound cake to dip in your chocolate.  We thoroughly enjoyed our meal, although I think fondue is one of those things that either you love it or you don't.The bartender/waiter was awesome - very friendly, funny, attentive and accommodating.
5	My husband and I really enjoy our date nights at the Melting Pot. It can be expensive if you get the big meals like the Big Night Out (I would never suggest this for just 2 people - to me it feeds more like 4 people; all you have to do is add 2 more salads to it and it's great for 4). Anyways, the happy hour deals are good and certainly help to make it more affordable so that is what we do more often. I also suggest checking out the specials they have that make a night out with friends affordable as well. The staff is always friendly and I've never had any issues with the several times we've gone. If you've never been and you enjoy cheese and chocolate, give it a try. Plan on spending $30-50/person incl. drinks (unless it's happy hour when it'll be less). I wouldn't suggest this place for kids as they have hot surfaces and pans to worry about.
3	Finding the location was a little tricky.  Front of business is not visible from anywhere but the back parking lot or center walking area.  Upon entering, hubub and I were warmly greeted and asked to wait at the bar while our table was prepared.  Had time to wash up before they took us to the table.  Quick!This place is a maze.  We were taken towards the back to a super private area and seated at a tiny little booth made for two to be seated VERY closely.  There's even a little curtain they can close to make it nice and private.  Super romantic.Service was impeccable.  I would give it 4 stars had it not been for the outrageous prices.  (luckily we had a Living Socia deal).  For the price, I would have expected higher quality food, however, portions of the entrees were endless.  Dessert is a must.  Ate myself into a food comaI will return if Living Social or Groupon comes out with another deal for this location.If your looking for an expensive meal and a romantic setting, your better off going to the Compass Grill in downtown Phoenix.
4	Had the traditional four course meal to celebrate my anniversary.  Service was outstanding.  I ordered a glass of wine and really didn't like it - they took it back and didn't charge me for my replacement glass of wine.  The server said it was on the house - they didn't like that I was disappointed with my first choice.  For dessert they provided a nice dessert wine so we could toast our anniversary.  The food was tasty - I enjoyed the pace of entrees and would definitely go back.
3	I love the melting pot! The  young man who served us this time was very nice but a little slow. Thet forgot to put our past on the plate and we were pretty much finshed with everything else by the time we received it. Perhaps staffing is short at this location??? We enjoyed our visit but I have to admit I liked the Scottsdale location better.
5	Wonderful Experience!  J and I had our first date night - post baby 2 weeks ago.  So we got dressed up, J in a suit and myself in a dress.  We were a little surprised that people were there dressed in jeans, shorts, flip flops, etc.  But whatever, we prefer to eat our $100 dinner dressed nicely.  LOLWe originally went got the AZ Restaurant Week offer.  $30 a person.  However, in looking at the menu. We decided that we wanted to do a dessert fondue, which didn't come with the AZ Rest. week menu.  So we opted for the traditional 4 course classic dinner - Cheese, Salad, Entree, and Chocolate.  All of our courses were amazing.  The cheese fondue was great , with the pumpernickel bread (at least I think it was pumpernickel).  The salads were a little over-dressed.  But mine, the California (candied pecans, spring mix, gorgonzola) was tasty.  J still enjoyed his Caesar, with the encrusted pine nuts.  The entrees - shrimp, crusted sirloin,  chicken breast and teriyaki-marinated sirloin, and marinated pork.  J' favorite, the teri sirloin and the pork.  My favorite, the shrimp and crusted sirloin.  And the dessert fondue - The flaming turtle!!!!  Milk chocolate, caramel and candied pecans.  OMG so good I wanted to lick the fondue bowl.  I didn't lick the bowl, but I did run my finger along the inside.  Only did that once though cause it was hot!  lolWe'll definitely be back again for a special night out.
5	This is a newer location in the Valley and it is fantastic. My husband and I came here with the living social deal. We have been to Melting Pot before so we knew what to expect.I booked my reservation, put my living social number in and asked for a private room. We went on a Wednesday, the place was very quiet. (It was the only day we could get a baby sitter so sue me)The private booths are an L shaped booths and you will be cuddling but you can stretch out in order to eat. The staff was very friendly and it was endless entree, we had absolutely too much of everything including:Cheddar Cheese Fondue (This was amazing, with a beer base...cheese and beer...come on HEAVEN)House and Caesar SaladsCog Au Vin Entree Broth (utterly amazing)Then we got to dessert. We asked for them to add Creme De Menth for a mint chocolate fondue. Let me tell you...this...was...AMAZING. Best fondue I have ever had hands down.The Moscato wine is also worth noting, we purchased a bottle and it was one of the best Moscatos I have ever had.We love Melting Pot and they delivered last night. We would love to go back again soon!
2	We went here for our Anniversary. Service was good food was just ok didn't meet my expectations for the price we paid. I don't think we will go back.
4	I'm mixed on 3 to 4 stars for this place. Here is why:The Great:My server was fabulous. Complete sweet heart and was completely friendly. She kept a good pace of us never needing anything and being a part of the experience but never made it feel as if she was over doing it or intruding. Sarah was a great server that night and I am sure if I go back I will request her again.  She genuinely seemed to really want this night to go well and did her best to make sure it did.The Good:The food was good. Typical melting pot. I was disappointed that the big night out menu had no vegetarian option. That was really irritating but we moved past it and went with the Spinach Artichoke fondue, California salad (with sharp cheddar instead of the Gorgonzola) split of the vegetarian entree, and a custom mix of the dark & milk chocolate fondue with assorted flavors we chose. My mom was more impressed with the entree than the fondue which is sad for a fondue restaurant. The Not So Awesome:Where we were sat we had people buzzing by us all the time, it was close to the kitchen. I remember comparing it to feeling as if we were seated in a hallway. Which, to be honest it seems like there is a lot seating that would feel that way. As I mentioned earlier the vegetarian option was rather limited and I was disappointed in their lack of foresight with the Big Night Out Menu not having any vegetarian option. From what I've seen before from this place this isn't a typical and they usually have an option to turn the big night vegetarian if you wish. I don't know what happened this time, but bummer for our entire table. Also, its not the easiest place to find. Go take a drive around the building after turning right in the first available turn in point and on the other it mentions the melting pot's entrance is around the corner.To sum it up, honestly I believe I would have had a much less enjoyable time if it wasn't for the shining service of our server. If she had been someone else and not been so good at her job I probably would have been rating this place lower because the atmosphere was just ok with our seating, the food selection was much more limited that normal and what I had expected. I'm not saying I'll never go back, but if/when I do I'll be making sure to reserve a table in her section to ensure my dining experience goes well.
5	Went here for the first time, after years of wanting to check it out.  It was our "It's a boy" celebration for my husband and myself.  We were placed in a little private booth with a curtain. Our waiter explained everything wonderfully, especially since it was our first time. We talked through the whole dinner about what a romantic experience this was. I do not have one complaint about any of the food, all of it, especially the desert was great.  We will be back for those special celebrations in our lives because we know this is the place to be :)
5	My husband got us a "package deal" for a date night. It came with a photo w/ frame of us, 12 roses, and a private booth. It was the first time either of us had been there and I loved it. The food was good. The drinks were great. And the experience was awesome. It was a bit pricey but for everything we got it was worth it.
4	For six years I lived literally across the street from a Melting Pot in California...and I probably went 3 times total in those years. We went to this MP for happy hour since its right across from my school and trust me, I'll be going again! The service is excellent and the food is good as always! They have an awesome happy hour, 5 bucks for their cheese fondue that comes with 3 types of bread, fruits and veggies. The dessert plates are 10 bucks and comes with a plate of treats to dip into one of their signature chocolate fondues. Everyone wanted to try a different fondue so our awesome waiter/bartender gave us dessert for one and split the price. I'll have to come back for dinner to have their entrees again, its been a while. This place is definitely worth a try, great ambiance for dates, and good food. Its a bit pricey but I think the food and experience make up for it.
2	I really wanted the melting pot to be as good as always...it was ok. The server Ivan was very good in all areas. The food was ok.. The overall flavor was just not there tonight. Everything seemed just a bit off. Now for the real issue. We understood that the only menu available even though tonight is February 16th was the Valentine's Day menu. We were perfectly OK with that. We asked our server very specific questions and were given clear answers. We appreciated that. We were charged $14.00 too much. The Phone just rang and it was Tony from the melting pot. I sent them an e-mail about 15 mins ago on this situaton. EXCELLENT turnaround time ! Problem taken care of. This makes us willing to return again. Honest mistake and honest correction. Thank you to The Melting Pot. We will give you another chance.
5	Love this place! We have always had great service here and the food is always good. We usually get the fiesta cheese fondue and the flaming turtle chocolate.. So yummy!
4	Go for happy hour totally affordable then! Great cocktails and good service.
3	It's only worth it for the $5 per person per pot happy hour, otherwise it's just overpriced for what you get.  The only cheese fondue that I ever get is the artichoke one, and my favorite chocolate fondue is The Original, which has peanut butter in it.  One of my gripes about this place is that if you split the pot with more people, it is like you are paying for less amount of fondue.
4	2nd time going for happy hour and it was amazing again! I highly suggest getting the pomegrante cosmo, awesome!
4	I went to try this place out on a Monday, Memorial Day, the last day for Arizona Restaurant Week.  I have never tried fondue and this gave me a great opportunity.The deal was choose from a cheddar or cheese artichoke fondue for the starter, a the main course fondue, and the classic or dark chocolate fondue for dessert.  All this for 30 bucks per person and add 6.95 for the cooking style.The place was dark and was playing classic music from the fabulous fifties.  The place was just the opposite of busy.  I really did not even need to make a reservation.  On with the food.  The spinach cheese artichoke was creamy and thick.  Croutons, tortilla chips, cauliflower, apples were dipped and savoured.  Highly recommend.  The main course consisted of about 4 pieces of sirloin teriyaki, pork, chicken breast, 2 spinach ravioli, and shrimp.  We chose the Coq Au Vin cooking style that had wine, mushrooms, and broccoli.  Cooking them was such an adventure.  Something about dipping a stick in a hot metal bowl so simple yet so interactive.  The "stew" really did its job of just cooking the food.  The total time to cook each meaty piece was around 2-3 minutes.  The six different dressings were what really gave the zest.  We also got  a lobster tail with lemon butter dipping sauce for an added 10 bucks.  It was worth it because how often do people ever eat lobster fondue?The chocolate fondue dessert was delicious because I have a sweet tooth, but unremarkable.  Rice crispies, a slice of cheesecake, giant marshmellows, bannana slices, and strawberries were among the dippers.The total bill was 60pp, even with the restuarant week discount.  But, the experience and the attentiveness of the waitress compensated for it overall.  I compare the fondue for the main course to be similar to "Hot Pot" because of table top cooking, but the food fusion is much different.I recommend this place for date night or a special occasion.  It is quiet enough to carry conversations.  Other than that happy hour is the other time I would ever come here because of the prices.
5	Can be pricey if you go all out but I went for HH and paid $25 for a cheese pot, a salad, a glass of wine and dessert. Not too shabby. The bartender was very friendly and knew his stuff! Portions were large and I left very satisfied and will definitly be back.
3	TL;DR version: The food is fun, if a bit gimmicky (only the first course is "real" fondue, c'mon), but the service is wonderful and the ambiance is great. Overpriced as others have noted, considering you cook your own food and the food cost can't possibly be that high, but we'd still go back.----The place was almost impossible to find in the dark because the entire complex IS dark. Seriously, the windows were completely black and the sign was almost impossible to make out. After circling the parking lot a few times I actually had already punched in another location on the GPS when my husband spotted a directory and jumped out to look. It was a little Haunted Mansion "no windows and no doors" esque.Wine: So good. The end.First course: Why are there green apples served with spinach and artichoke dip? Who thought that was a thing? My husband just ate them separately while I judged them too harshly as I am wont to do. The veggies were also really hard to spear. The bread was a little dry, but the only logical option and really good once we got dipping.Second course: Salad was really good, and there was a non-iceburg option. Always a win for those of us who prefer digestible foods.Main course: Good, but again, a little random. I wasn't a fan of any of the sauces for dipping the actual food in, but a few were pretty good on their own. My shrimp-hating husband thought the shrimp was the best option and ordered more, so that's pretty impressive.Biggest fail of the evening: We were seated next to a crazy drunk couple who we kept thinking would leave but they kept ordering more wine and dessert. Considered asking to move, but... awkward... and didn't want to get in a parking lot fight. It's Arizona, after all. The restaurant was practically empty, and the couple said they had been there for like 5 hours. Why did they seat us there in the first place? The woman kept calling out to us asking how our food was and telling us what to order and then smoking a hookah vaporizer pen talking about how high it made her feel when no servers were in sight.It made for a funny story to tell our friends, but an entirely unromantic evening. Thankfully we weren't celebrating anything.
2	This is one of the most overrated things I have done in a while.  I will give it two stars because the dessert was good but for what you pay the food is really lacking.The cost is really high and you cook your own plate!  If the cost was about in half it would have gotten three or four stars.On top of that it seemed we were always waiting for the raw foods to show up.
3	When we come here its mainly for a special occasion. More so cause this is an expensive place and I never get my money's worth. But family members seem to enjoy this place. My review is of their special 4 course meal. There are usually three main courses that you can eat all with some type of fondue plus a salad course. First course is the cheese fondue where you can dip bread, veggies, apples, and tortilla chips. Next is the salad. Third course is the meat fondue where you get a seasoned broth with an assortment of chicken, steak, and shrimp, this course used to limited but recently they changed it to unlimited amounts of food. And the last course, probably the best course. The chocolate course with an assortment of strawberries, pound cake, rice crispy treats, brownies, and cheese cake. This sounds like a lot of food but it really isn't. It's a good amount.  You'll run around 50 + tax per person. Like I said this is usually reserved for special occasions. Once a year it makes my family happy and that makes me happy.
5	Service is always great.  The staff seems to really enjoy working at this location which makes for a wonderful evening.  To say what is the best is difficult.  First the cheese is awesome, the shrimp and teriyaki sirloin to die for.  Then we died and went to chocolate heaven, what could be better I don't know.  Thank you Melting Pot.
5	We had an amazing experience at The Melting Pot from the moment we walked in the door! we were greeted by two friendly hosts and the female manager, as soon as we told them the name on our reservation they wished me a happy birthday! They were so sweet! We had arrived 30 minutes early and they were able to seat us prior to our reservation time. Our server was very friendly and he hung out and joked with us the whole night, he was so entertaining but not overbearing! He explained the deal chicken menu that we had purchased and even brought us a candle in the cheese cake for my birthday!  The ambiance of the restaurant was very inviting and elegant from the decor, the low lighting , and the high back booths which made us feel like we had privacy while enjoying our meal. We will definitely return in a few months to celebrate our anniversary and also come for happy hour!
4	My fiancee and I came here for a nice night out. I'll admit that the food is pricey (and you do "cook" it yourself). However, the overall atmosphere and fun of the food made it worth while. The wait staff was good at keeping our glasses full, as well as recommending the various flavors. I would definitely come back here (provided I save up for it). My only complaint: Price. While the night was great and we went home full, it did costs over $100.00 for the two of us. Provided you don't get dessert, you're looking at around $75.00 for a meal here. On a side note: A few people complain that you cook your own food. Isn't that what fondue is about?
5	When I heard they were participating in restaurant week I was thrilled! Usually every time I come here I spend no less than $150 so this was a bargain! As always the meal was delicious and fun but what made this experience truly fantastic was the service. We got there about an hour before closing and at many other restaurants the service would have been crappy and rushed but our server Christine was such a joy! She was attentive and upbeat and her service was right on point. It was an absolute pleasure having her as our server and I will be returning for sure, requesting one of her tables. Thank you Christine!
3	I took my friend here for a nice evening out for her birthday.  I have been here before but only for dessert.  The first course was a Caesar salad which was great. But then again how can you really mess up a salad.  However, the Parmesan encrusted pine nuts added a little character. The second course consisted of cheese dip and which I thought I had a little more beer and garlic than I liked.  But the meats, especially the summer sausage, made up for that inconvenience. The third course was a little underwhelming for me.  There were a multiple options to choose from on the platter including filet minon, teriyaki beef, chicken, shrimp and ravioli.  My favorite was by far the teriyaki beef.  It was very good with the various dipping sauces.  The wort part of this was having to cook the meat.  There are small pieces that each you need to cook and it gets annoying fishing for the meat.Lastly, we had our dessert which consisted of brownies, strawberries, cheesecake, bananas and rice crispy treats to be dipped in our chocolate snickers fondue.  Every part this was delicious.This is a great place to visit at least once for the full experience with all the courses.  However, i will only go back for dessert. Great service but 3 stars because of the price and having to cook the food yourself.
5	I have dined at Melting Pot's in Washington & Arizona. The food is the same, but this is by far the best service I have ever experienced. Manager, server & busboy were all very attentive. I dine out at least 3 times a week & our server, Christine truly knows how to provide an excellent dining experience!
4	Our anniversary spot this last week, we had a great living social deal for all you can eat fondue so how could you not love that! We had a new server (to his admission) but it didn't show. They really train the new hires well our night was fantastic and we will be back for sure! Great place for the wife/GF if you haven't tried it yet you really should it's worth the price tag!
4	Would have been a FIVE...but we had a kinda inexperienced server...of course everyone has to start somewhere! Endless entries ROCK!
1	I've been wanting to try this restaurant for a few years. Finally we came for my birthday; party of 3. We had an 8 o'clock reservation and weren't seated until 815. To keep this brief, the food was good but it took 3 hrs for dinner. We waited for all 4 courses but the main course we waited what may have been 45 minutes for. I'm pretty sure my husband was ready to leave not finishing the meal. The waitress was friendly but it wasn't enough to make up for the slow service. We are never going back. Plus dinner was very pricey all things considered.
4	We had the cheese & desert happy hour.. Awesome price, great food, and good service! Will definitely be back :)
1	Yikes!  Our party of 7 dined here for the first time.  The menu was complex and the waiter was either inexperienced or incompetent, resulting in a completely messed up order, or misunderstanding or bewilderment on our part.  The servings were sparse and the cuisine indifferent, or odd!  Then we got the bill.. holy Moley!  We could have made two car payments with the Verizon bill thrown in.Don't recommend it. All in all...  wouldn't wish the experience on anyone but the Grinch!
5	I sure do love the Melting Pot. And even love it more that it's finally on the northwest side of town!  We have been to dinner at this location at least 3 times in the past year and a half so I think I should be a good judge of this restaurant. First off the restaurant is set up very nice. If you have never been to a melting pot before there are booths with a burner in the middle for your fondue. Larger tables get two burners. The layout of this restaurant is similar to other Melting Pots I've been to. Nice, quite and romantic because it really gets you to have time to talk to your dinner date. We always seems to order the big night out which is endless. The key is endless! More on that later...first you get a cheese fondue to pick. Honestly I've had a few and all are good but what I can remember is the Wisconsin cheese. You get apples, and bread to dip in there after the server whipped it up for you. After you get a salad of your choice. I prefer the caesar. Add some of their special seasoning. Now onto the main entire. The last time we had the surf and turf  which includes steak and shrimp and chicken. You get a plate of meat to dip and cook into the fondue. As for the season of the actual fondue soup checkout the Mojo...it's worth the couple of dollars up-sell. The point of fondue is to cook your own food. Some people find his annoying, I find it fun and it gets me involved in the cooking. After it's done, pop some more In and enjoy with the awesome sauces they give you..best thing, it's endless. So if you want more meat, just ask and don't be shy. Lastly you get your choice if desserts. Can go wrong with any. Last time we had the banana fosters which was great. You dip cakes, and fruit into chocolate. Even though at first it appears that you are not getting much food for the price, but after the end of your meal I would be willing to bet that you actually are full! Not the cheapest place around...but it's worth it once in a while to celebrate something special. I can't wait till I can make my way back to here after writing about it.lol.
5	I never liked fondue - that is until it was done correctly, The Melting Pot is definitely done correctly. This establishment is an eating experience. You do not get quality food, great service, and a unique fine dining experience without  spending a fair amount of cash. The Melting Pot is well worth the money spent.
4	The atmosphere was nice, we had an excellent waiter, the good was good. And the chocolate was amazing.
4	Went out w friends and we had the endless fondue. For starters we had the garlic and herb cheese fondue. It was ok not sure I would get it again. The main course had chicken, steak, shrimp, and ravioli. It was delicious. The dessert round was fabulous as always. Can't go wrong with chocolate.  Great place for friends to hang out. A bit pricey, however if you plan for it.
5	Okay, this is an awesome place.  I recommend getting the "All You Can Eat" fondue special. You get one appetizer (a cheese fondue), a salad (either house or caesar), main course with vegatables (put those in the pot right away), multiple meats that you can refill until you had your fill, and then a dessert fondue.Because fondue is more methodical than just stuffing your face at a buffet, you will eat a lot less.  But, the food is soooooooooo good.  The quality of the meats are excellent, and I do not feel like I am overcharged at all.  Quality costs money!
4	Great waiter great professionalism.  The experience was awesome to try but to me this place is like a once in a blue moon not one of those places I would go to often. But an awesome first experience if you have never been there!
5	Great place with a very romantic atmosphere.  From the start of our dinner to the end our service was top notch.  The food is a little pricey but worth every penny.  Loved the chocolate dipping at the end.
5	The whole experience was great! We went there to celebrate our one year anniversary. We were able to sit in a private booth and enjoy each other's company. The waiter gave just enough service to not feel neglected but also keep it private for us. We had the spinach artichoke cheese, the house salad, All you can eat meat fondue, and s'mores chocolate dessert! Everything was delicious but my favorite part was defiantly the dessert. They provide Oreo and graham cracker covered marshmallows, bananas, strawberries, brownies, rice crispy bars, and pound cake to dip into the chocolate! Overall, a wonderful experience.
5	My daughter sent me a gift card for Mothers Day.  We arrived at 11 a.m. and were given a warm welcome.  After were seated and the meal was explained to us, we sat back and relaxed with a Mimosa.  My husband and I had the best time.  It has been 40 years since I last used a fondue pot.  The food was fabulous!  The service was extraordinary, and the experience is worth doing again.   You will find there are so many choices, from the seasonings to the oils.  All I can say is YUMMO!!!!
1	Wish I could have tried the food....walked into a half empty restaurant to be told we would need to wait for 20 minutes.
4	I experienced good service. I didn't understand what all the fuss was about the cheese fondue, wasn't impressed. Now the main course and desert, wow! Awesome. My overall experience was good.
5	My husband and I went for the first time for a special "date night" and were both beyond thrilled with our entire dining experience.  We made reservations, and did have to wait about 5-10 minutes longer, but having worked in the restaurant industry throughout high school and college, I know these things happen, and it hardly mattered, once we were sat in our own private booth, closed curtain and all.  They were running an unlimited fondue special, so we chose one appetizer, each had a salad, had unlimited fish/meats for our main course (along with mixed vegetables), and chose one fondue dessert.  Every course exceeded expectations, and our server somehow found the perfect balance between getting drink refills and being attentive, while not disturbing us unnecessarily at all.  I'm pretty sure we were his last table of the evening, but I never once felt rushed, and he was very helpful (and spot on!!) with his recommendations, as we were "newbies" to the fondue experience.  It is a pricey meal, and one we would only go to for special occasions, but worth every penny.  I just found a Groupon (or Living Social voucher, I can't remember), so hopefully we'll be back sooner than later!
5	A second great time at the Melting Pot! This time, I had a Living Social voucher and was nervous as I've seen some servers get rude with those. The hostess was a doll and just told us to give it to our server, said we had about fifteen minutes to go, and invited us to take a seat at the bar. The bartender was really pleasant, even as my husband and I just ordered sodas. What I really liked is that when the hostess came to the bar to get us, we didn't have to separately pay a bar tab, which can hold things up, you know? I'm assuming it's because we just had to sodas, but it was very convenient. When we were sat, our drinks were refilled even though they were half full and put into "nicer" soda glasses lol, but it was a nice touch. Again, this time the service was impeccable. Our waitress just mentioned we had a voucher up front, I handed it to her, and that was that. There was really no need to explain the entire process again, as we had been there, but throughout each course, she explained what she was preparing and it was really helpful. The food was great, service was great, and we look forward to returning of course!
5	I go here every year for my birthday. It's amazing! I first tried fondue in Switzerland and this place is better! Bring your appetite and save room for the chocolate fondue portion. Pricey, but worth it!
5	Update! The Melting Pot now offers gluten free bread for those of us staying away from it = Hooray! They are also offering some premium dippers for the cheese which is a small plate of processed meats (meh). I suggested to the waiter that they just offer a side of crispy bacon for dipping... that would totally sell and I like bacon so just do it MP :) The Sip & Dip happy hour is nice and makes the night more affordable.
5	We go to the Melting Pot 3 or 4 times a year and always have a fantastic experience. We were a little sad when they discontinued the Wisconsin trio cheese fondue, but have tried the bacon and gorgonzola and loved it.You need to make a reservation for this restaurant. Our dining experiences are usually about 2 hours each  and no one should show up expecting to get right in.  They've really stepped up the items accompanying the chocolate fondue. There's pound cake, brownies, blondies, and even pineapple now.  How delicious is chocolate-covered pineapple!  And the sauces for the meat! They have sweet and sour, teriyaki, curry, gorgonzola port, and something called Green Goddess which is awesome on the veggies.  The curry is my favorite, and I don't even like curry.  :)I think this is a great bargain: about $40 per person gets you cheese fondue, salad, shrimp/chicken/filet/sirloin, and awesome chocolate fondue.  Spend a bit more and try a drink or two.  Great wine selection, hubby likes the sangria, and you can't go wrong with the Love Martini.
5	All around amazing! Service was great, appetizer fondue melts with deliciousness, salads were good, salmon very fresh, ravioli tasty, and dessert like silk. I saw a review before going that stated the food was "bland". Personally bland was not at all the case! The fondue that I got was gorgonzola and bacon both are very rich in flavor. They seem to use a lot of garlic as well. With the dinner entrees we were given 5 boats of various sauces and a garlic/wine seasoning. If you use what is given the food was far from bland. The atmosphere is romantic and private. I highly recommend this place.
4	Fantastic food but the wait staff was lackluster.  Clearly inexperienced waiter and food running.  If the food didnt measure up I would have asked for a full refund.
2	My husband and I went in on a Sunday afternoon because we both heard so much about the Melting Pot. To be fair, going in we read how we would be boiling our food and we were skeptical right then but gave it a shot. We walked in and there was a blonde hostess that was incredibly rude. She looked at us when we came in and didn't say one word. I was standing literally right in front of her and she never had the decency to say, "welcome to ..." I've worked a long time in the restaurant field, I know what is required and this girl should not be working around people. She continued to ignore us and took some people to their table and another hostess came and we told her we have a reservation. She was sweet, just how a hostess should be. Our server was awesome that's why I'm giving this 2 stars instead of 1, I can't remember her name but she was very friendly. We ordered cheddar fondue and when we tasted it, there was just something lacking to the taste, it was very bland. The salads came out tasty, but the entrees, my husband got the steak lovers, I got the shrimp, chicken, and steak. Our server told us to keep the food in the pot for 2 minutes and that's more than enough, shrimp 1 min 30 sec.. The chicken was not finished at 2 minutes it actually took 4 minutes, which I have no problem waiting longer but if that happened to someone who doesn't know, they could have gotten sick.. The shrimp looked and smelled awful.. My husband tried some and he has a high tolerance for food, and he could not eat the shrimp because of how bad the taste was. The only good thing we had was the s'mores chocolate. That was amazing if you like chocolate. So go for dessert, but eat dinner somewhere else.
3	Dine with a decisive crew because you'll need to decide on one cheese pot and one chocolate pot for the table.  Also the "ambient" lighting means that it's dark inside so be prepared for that.  Not candlelight dark, but dim lighting.  Haven't fondued in years and this was the first visit to Melting Pot.  After enjoying a 4-course dinner I wouldn't recommend this place for a meal.  Go only if you want appetizers.  The 4-course averaged out to $40 pp but I think it would be better to skip the salad and entree, just order the cheese fondue to start and a chocolate fondue to finish.  Still decadent, yes, and truthfully these are the main attractions.  First:  Brie and Pear cheese appetizer came with chunks of brown and white breads, small bowls of veggies, and small bowl of granny smith apples.  Had to ask for refills.  The wine and honey flavors were heavy in the cheese.  I'm not a lover of cheese, but surprisingly l kept eating.Second:  Salad was petite.  I was not impressed.  I've eaten side salads bigger than that.  Raspberry walnut dressing was quite good, though.Third:  Entrees looked bigger than they actually were because of the way the food was plated.  A bowl of more veggies and potatoes accompanied.  Needed a spoon in order to dip some broth out of the pot with the warm food.Alongside, there were five condiments, garlic butter, and a lemon wedge for the lobster.  Garlic butter was tasty, but I didn't like the other condiments too much.  I can't even remember the exact flavors but I think there were plum sauce, spinach in white sauce, teriyaki sauce, aioli, and a curry cream.  If not those exact flavors, then something very close.Forth: Chocolate dessert - the best course.  Flaming turtle fondue.  (Our server really wanted to set something ablaze.  Fiiiire!)  Chocolate was so good, I wanted to drink it.  But everything was overly sweet so had to go easy.  Exactly like the menu says, dippers included bananas, pineapple, strawberries, pound cake, chocolate brownies with chocolate chips, marshmallows, and krispy treats.  Our greedy eyes made us order the add on plate of cheesecake (very small slice), cream puffs, rolled gaufrettes, and berries.  Server gave us one refill of our choice.  Of course it was cake.The Melting Pot would be a fantastic night out for lovers to sit at a private table and get jiggy wit each other over some chocolate strawberries, but if you're really into this and want to impress a group of friends, I suggest buying your own fondue set and serving @ home.
1	This was my first visit to a melting pot.  I was impressed with how quickly we were seated.  The waitress was lovely and explained everything to us.  The food was fresh and arrived with perfect timing between courses.  They seem to have mastered their process.  However,  we were totally ripped off. We shared a bill with another couple we invited and split the bill accordingly.  After further review they did not honor a promotional item which was the only reason we elected to try this place.  Instead of the promotional value being $70 it became $10. The explanation they gave was that it was for 2 people and our table was four.   It made no sense that we were penalized for bringing more customers.  Never going back.
2	Wife and I decided to use our 2 course groupon and invited another couple to join us.  We were greeted professionally and seated right away. Service was a little slow but we were in no hurry. We explained to the waitress that we wanted to use the groupon but would upgrade to the 4 course meal and she said we would get a discount. We had a fabulous time and the food was great.We get the bill and its $217 but they graciously credited the $37 we had already paid for the groupon and then added a $10 discount.$10 DISCOUNT!?The groupon was supposed to be a $74 value and we get a $10 discount on a $217 bill?We felt totally ripped off and the manager acted astounded that we didn't appreciate the $10We will not be back!
5	What a great place! Walked into a narrow, noisy, energetic atmosphere and were seated at a table immediately. The waiter was so helpful and personable, by the end of the meal he felt like a good friend. We started with some oysters that were some of the best I've ever had! Order the lobster roll and you won't be sorry! I'm still dreaming about it. Tons of lobster, and mostly nothing else. Food, atmosphere, service what more could you want?
1	This was our 5th experience at this Melting Pot location. Our waiter was  bland and unfriendly. He made a mistake on our food order and argued with us about what we ordered!Instead of bringing us the one missing food item, he took both of our plates. We had to wait another 10 minutes for him to bring back our correct dinner order.Each time he came to our table he left our curtain open and we had to stand up and close it!We were seated near a table with 2 small children. These children shouted, screamed, and ran up and down the aisles of the restaurant.  We complained to our waiter and he had the manager stop by our table. Instead of apologizing the manager said that it is always like this, this is a family restaurant, and the owner doesn't care.Um, no, The Melting Pot IS NOT a family restaurant; I've never seen young children yelling, screaming, and running up and down the aisles, and I've been to the other locations in Arizona and have never had the impression that the owner doesn't care.There were LOTS of tables open tonight.I'll go back when they get a new manager...
3	The idea for this place is nice, but I don't think I'll come here again. When I had dinner here with my boyfriend we left the place hungry and simply content. We ordered the  full course that included the salad, appetizer, main, and dessert. We, also, got the yin yang alcoholic beverage which was the most impressive thing we ordered that night. The cheese mixture just wasn't very impressive and we felt like there wasn't enough dipping items to fill us up. When it came to the dessert we found that the best items were the fruits (strawberries, bananas, raspberries, and blackberries) and pound cakes. The others tasted mediocre. I'm not telling anyone not to try this place out. It is a very good experience, the servers are exceptional, and the ambiance is very romantic. I found this place to be more of a social environment where I would go on a first date or to catch up with friends rather than a place to enjoy food.
1	Let me start this by saying that our waitress was really great and tried her best to help us, for her I would give five stars. Our experience, however, was pretty strange and highly unsatisfactory. Here's what went down.....so it's New Years Eve and we weren't really planning on going out but we were getting hungry and I thought it would be nice to do something simple and low key. We weren't hungry enough for a full meal so I thought an appetizer and dessert would suffice and I thought e melting pot would be perfect for that. I called at 7 and made a reservation for 9pm. No information was given at the time of any promotions or events for the evening so I thought everything was on track for what I wanted. We got to the restaurant right on time and we seated in less than five minutes. When we  were given the menus we were told that they had a New Years Eve dinner with a set price. I told the waitress we really only wanted the cheese and chocolate fondue. She stated that unfortunately they wouldn't be able to do that and gave a few minutes to look over the menu. When she came back, I asked if the two of us could split one dinner, since we weren't looking to eat a whole entree.  The waitress said she wasn't supposed to that, but she would allow it. She then also mentioned that she had talked to her manager who said that we could do cheese and chocolate at the bar. This sounded perfect and so we grabbed our stuff and followed her back to the bar area. Just as we were sitting down, the manager came up and said they aren't serving only cheese and chocolate this evening. He was so rude about it that we ended up leaving. I was more than willing to pay for one meal and only take the cheese and chocolate, which would mean I was over paying by almost 50%. I was also willing to only choose the cheese and chocolate options listed on the special menu. We were dressed very nicely and had money we would've gladly spent on what we were wanting. Had we been told that it was prix fixe for the evening I wouldn't of made the reservation. But since we were there I thought it would be in a restaurants interest to accommodate a patron who states that they want to buy something. Surely something could've been arranged but we were so rudely handled that I doubt we will return.
