4	It's a BofA. Come here and deposit or withdraw money. Pretty basic.
4	I recently experience a mild case of identity theft. Not too bad - the companies involved stopped the charges or refunded the money that had already been taken. But I did cancel my debit card and visit my nearby branch. I entered with two out of state checking accounts, a recent large deposit, and a barely used checking account. The various tellers have been asking me for 8 years if I wanted to change to an Arizona account, but I was too lazy.I was helped this afternoon by the senior personal banker, Monica L. She was incredible. Very personable, patient, and helpful. She explained everything, made recommendations, and helped me put my accounts in the best position to work for me. I came away with an Arizona checking account and a money market account. The two out of state accounts will be transitioned out once the fraud charges have been restored. She made a challenging situation more manageable and I came away with a better line of services than I entered with. I have been a BOA customer for 8 years, but rarely use their services other than online. After my experience today I will definitely be more open to other services and using a personal banker like Monica for guidance.
1	This is the worst bank. Typical wednesday afternoon, typical line of other patrons attempting to take care of their banking needs.. The problem is there are NEVER enough tellers! It is normal to wait in line upwards of 10-15 minutes.  At least three of the times I have been in I have seen folks tire of waiting and step out of line.  There is no drive thru... !  Today I am trying to make a wire transfer and have been waiting an hour and 20 minutes for a banker!  Maybe they are still using dial up... Typewriters.. Pony express.. All I know is that they need to understand the concept of staffing properly since their ONLY business is "the clients" money.. And I am a client.  The kicker of my visit however, is when I finally sat down with the banker.. After a brief apology she proceeds to tell me that she has a doctors appointment that she is going to be late too!! Really?!?!? Terrible customer service!
