5	Love the doctors and staff! Great crew!
5	I take my sweet kitty here.  With the Banfield health clan, it's surprisingly inexpensive. All visits and prventatives free, other things at a discount. The vets here have been good to him, and are very accomodating to my constantly changing schedule.  I'm always having to call back and reschedule his appointments, but they don't whine about it.  Recently, my kitty has been going here a lot, due to a corneal abrasion that is very slow in healing.  They have been super gentle with my baby, and have insured that  not only does he have his antibiotics; he has painkillers as well.  The only thing I'm not a huge fan of is that they rotate vets. I kind of like him to see the same vet every time.
2	This place is really slow on helping you out. I went in for an appointment with my dog. I went up to the counter checked in with the consultant and she told me to have a seat. I sat down on the benches they have before escorting you to a waiting room to see the vet. After waiting about 30 minutes i finally got into the room and i sat for about another 40minutes to wait. The vets assistant came in took my dogs temperature and pulse. She walked out and told me the vet would be with me shortly. If by shortly they mean having to wait another 20minutes. The vet walks in to examine my pet. Takes my pet to the back and brings her back within 15 minutes. And by the time i pay and get my medicine for my dog from checkin at 830 i left at almost 11. And their was not many people i would say me and 3other pet owners. Ive gone to the animal hospital up on Durango and dessert inn and in and out within 45minutes. By the time i check in till the time i walk out the door. I would say tho the staff here at the ban-field at the petsmart are very friendly.
1	I don't usually write reviews like this but I'm furious! I took my puppy to take care of some kennel cough and banfield charged me $55 for a weeks worth of amoxicillin!! I went to a vet on my side of town and the amoxicillin was $7 and it was 2 weeks worth! Shame on banfield animal hospital I will tell everyone I know about the kind of crooks they are
2	I am only giving two stars because of the actual vet herself. Jade Tenberg was the first vet in four years to spend time talking to us about Gidgets skin condition. That's another story though. We are thankful to her for actually caring about her condition and our talking to us about our options. It is the front desk that is ridiculous and not just one time but every single time I have ever had to call. If you make an appt. I highly recommended calling to confirm what day and time they actually scheduled you for. I would also recommend calling to confirm what they put down for the reason for the visit. So far I have had to correct them almost every single time. The other issue is the check in and check out time. They are sooooo slow and have no idea what they are doing. Bansfield should be embarrassed. As far as the wellness plan it is over priced and a scam. You are better off going to a regular vet not inside of a Petsmart. Today was the final event and I am calling to cancel my plan with them and finding a different vet.
3	The actual vets and technicians are very helpful and caring. The front desk people are kind of all over the place though. I do recommended the wellness plans. Totally worth it.
1	My review is of how the office staff and in particular Amie the Office Manager handles the operation of this business...It's horrible. I was advised my Banfield Corp. office to speak with the office manager Amie to find out what can be done about my dog being on the "early care plan" instead of the "plus plan" which include a spay and neuter..Idk how i even got on the regular plan when state law requires all dogs to be spay and neutered..plus they made me waste time off from work when they scheduled me for a spay that was not even included on my plan...So after speak with Corp..i tried every single day for 1 week to speak with Amie. Finally this morning i get her on the phone and she places me on  hold to have someone else tell me she is in a meeting and cannot take my call. I was FED UP!!!!I decided to take my dog and myself down there to the office and try to catch her but of course i was not able to meet with her. I had to speak with a minion who went back and forth to relaying messages from Amie to me..Now right as i was about to leave a white woman comes in and ask to speak with Amie and guess who comes out to speak with her..yep you got it Amie!!!! ...absolutely UNACCEPTABLE and HURTFUL.;(
1	If you like lighting money on fire this is the place for you. It is extraordinarily overpriced. The wellness plan is a complete and total waste of money. They are going to find something new to charge you for each time you come. Then try to make you feel guilty by saying they are concerned about how you aren't taking care of your pet. It is the slowest most inefficient vet I've ever had the displeasure of visiting. In fact, I recently had to visit an emergency vet at midnight and the prices were less expensive there and not by a small amount for the same exact services. No one at this office takes any accountability whatsoever and just says, "corporate sets the prices."I've never written a bad review before and it saddens me to do so now but this is truly deserved. I wasn't going to write this but after I told them I wouldn't be returning the vet called and wasted 30 minutes of my time harping on me about putting my dog on heart worm when she's just gotten a heart worm shot that is effective for 6 months saying they were so concerned my dog wouldn't get quality care now (as if there aren't more Vets in Vegas and now I suddenly would never go to a vet again) and telling me how competitive their prices are, effectively wasting more of my time. I also notice that someone from corporate has commented on all of the bad reviews that have been posted on here and that the comments are completely irrelevant. I called your corporate line already so please do not suggest that I contact them.  In fact, don't bother, Banfield's days of wasting my time are over. I will never return there.
4	I appreciate the convenience of this healthcare facility; however, our wellness plan is more like a clever tactic to get us in and add-on additional charges.We went if because our little guy's ears were itching; we already assumed we would need an ear rinse and medication.  What we weren't assuming we needed was $140 in services and fees associated with testing his ear swab for yeast and two meds.The wellness plan is good in some cases but not all.I'm pleased to say that I've found his ear rinse on Amazon.com for 1/4 the price Banfield charged us.
1	I wanted to like them, I really did but the customer service is HORRIBLE. I'm taking care of a friend's dog who has insurance through pet smart and I am added onto their account as an authorized person to take care of their dogs for whatever needs the dogs need. Well the female vet there won't see the dog unless it's on a plan under me, but it's THEIR dog and I have my own vet that I've been going to for years that I LOVE and won't trade them for anything. What's the point in forcing me to take the dog and putting it under me when the dog is already on a plan and belogs to someone else? These people are nothing but scammers and try to extort money out of you when ever they can. The cost of shots and services is NOT worth it and you're better off going to a different vet that is NOT a banfield hospital.BUT if you do choose to go to this one, get an appointment with Dr. Cooper, he's actually the Chief of Staff AND he's a decent guy unlike the female vet who is a crook and someone who will waste your time. You've been warned!!
1	Not a good place to bring your pet! I brought my dog in for a dental and comprehensive exam as well as trimming of the nails and my dog came back to me in extreme pain and a limp because they cut my dogs nails way too short and forgot the most important request I had made to only cut the dew claws as short as possible - not every nail!!! My dog also came back to me with feces all over her. She smells horrible and I can't give her a bath because of the cuticle exposure on her paws!!! I gave them one star only because her teeth came out clean otherwise I wouldn't even give them anything positive.. They surely don't deserve it. I'm never taking my baby here again!!!!!
1	I advise don't ever come here worst place ever to our time frame that you will be here, their health plan is a joke and if your pet passes away you still going to pay for health care plan about an hour wait just to get a prescription filled and every time it's a hassle I'm telling you any other vet is better than here you've been warned
