5	The BEST Vitamin Shoppe I've been to.  Very clean and helpful staff.  They even price matched their products with their Internet prices. Why can't they do that in Los Angeles???
4	I visited to check out the 'vitamins'.  The store was clean and orderly.  I was greeted upon entrance and taken directly to the vitamins I sought.  There was a good selection of product and the prices were clearly marked.  I always appreciate directness.  I didn't bother to shop around for other vitamins because I am sure I would have been tempted to purchase them and I have enough aready!  In any case, I look forward to a return visit when my stash needs refreshing.  Going forward, I will be comparing The Vitamin Shoppe to GNC where I usually shop to gauge which has the best vitamins for my body.
5	I am upping the rating for this location to 5 stars.  The service was excellent as are the selections.
5	I just love this vitamin store, they just seem to have every supplement that I'm looking for and on many occasions saved me a drive to EarthFare.  They offer vitamins, oils, hair care products, skin care, meal replacements and so much more..........you really can't ask for much more than that.  The staff is very knowledgeable and so eager to assist.
5	What a great experience!  I've never been in this store.  As soon as I walked in the door, a very nice lady approached me and was very helpful!  No having to wander the aisles trying to find what I need. Excellent experience! I will definitely be back!
5	One day, out of the blue, you may realize "Hey I'm getting older and need to take better care of myself." You start a new workout program, perhaps put down the cigs and maybe go down that slippery slope of vitamins and such.  If you're like me you may spend more money on supplements than you ever spent on smoke and alcohol. Here's where I score them. Whereas there seems to be as many GNC's as there are churches in Charlotte, there are only three  Vitamin Shoppes. The one at Northlake is a good sized store; probably twice the size of a GNC. It has an extensive inventory of vitamins and assorted supplements and pretty good prices. Sign up for their Healthy Awards card and earn points to redeem for free stuff; it's nice getting a check every January to spend on anything in the store. Plus you get a couple of free magazines and lot's of generous email coupons. In addition to the supplements they have a good selection of natural beauty aids, less toxic cleaning  supplies, and bpa free water bottles. One thing they could add would be a book and magazine section. They have a few books, but a more larger selection with some current magazines would be helpful, especially since Borders has closed.The staff is always super friendly, knowledgeable  and helpful. If you usually hit other health and nutrition stores take some time and check out The Vitamin Shoppe; I think you will like what you see!
4	The vitamin shop has a variety of vitamins for every type of customer. Vegan, pregnant, etc... their prices can be a little higher than others, but they are a specialty store, so it's expected. Friendly staff, kind of knowledgeable. Although they do have a computer with internet that is linked to their website that helps you find certain supplements and what those supplements do. Clean, pleasant, environment. Conveniently located.
