1	To the venues credit, it wasnt terrible looking.However, if you are a dancer here, especially on the night we went and especially in a town where Uptown Cabaret is just a short drive away, then please finish college and get a different job.You are obviously very unattractive and/or did some stupid shit that landed you in this venue that (not literally) stunk of desperation.If this is "The Gold Club", then what the hell does the silver or bronze look like? Avoid this place if you can.
5	This is a comfortable, relaxed club with some attractive girls. I've been to most of the other strip clubs in the area, but I keep coming back here because of the low key atmosphere, comfortable chairs and the girls.
4	Had a good time, some lookers and some fugly chicks.  Gotta watch the dances though, some of the girls will try to get you mid way through a song and then stop and ask if you want another dance.  You gotta tell them on the Next song give me a dance.  Take out was def on the menu with several of the girls.
4	The girls here are average to good in looks (multicultural). This is the only place I have ever seen a "little person" dancer. There are tattoos here. Safe to go alone here.The girls here are willing to spend some time with you. They will sit right down and ask your name. You can talk for a while before she asks - "would you like a dance". I always offer a drink. This is a moderate sized comfortable, relaxed club with some fairly attractive girls. I love the comfortable chairs and the girls. It's a safe place right near the light rail line too. FYI: No smoking in any bar or restaurant anywhere in North Carolina. If they have a drink special it has to last all day... no happy hours. Sorry but it's NC law.
2	The girls are ok, some good lookin ones but most of them look like they'd rather be somewhere else. I saw one girl check her phone in the middle of a dance!  The VIP dance special (two for $40) is a good deal though. The worst part of the evening was by far the waitresses. They just stopped coming by the table. I started going to straight to the bar. $10 cover for average talent and crappy table service, there are far too many options out there to go back.
