5	We recently moved into a home that literally had 13 keys to various doors and gates.  Pop A Lock came out and reduced it to only TWO keys!  They were on time, clean, professional, didn't tear anything up, and straight forward on the pricing.  Clearly the "class act" of lock smiths!  THANKS!!!
5	I finally gave in, I couldn't find the keys to my explorer, so I started making calls to get a quote on replacement car keys.  After calling several people, Bill from pop-a-lock was the only one who could give me a real quote over the phone without all the added "possible fees." Bill was great! He came on time and provided me with exceptional service.  Not only did he stay true to his quote, but it was also the best deal I could find after calling around.  I got 2 brand new keys to my car for around $100. Perfect!Not only that, but my car had been sitting in my garage for a while, and Bill gave my car a jump start when my battery died after programming the keys. Life saver! I would definitely recommend him if your locked out!
5	After having a terribly scary experience which resulted in calling the police a couple years back, I never wanted to call a lock smith again.  Being who I am however, I locked myself out of my house again and had no choice.  Instead of searching around for the cheapest deal and hoping someone decent would show up this time, I figured I'd just buck up and pay the money to have Pop A Lock come and let me in my house.  I am so glad I did.  They showed up in less then 15 minutes and let me in.  The fact that they were in a marked car and uniform was a big plus and I didn't feel like I was about to be criminalized.  The best part was they were actually cheaper!  I couldn't believe it.  The gentleman that came to let me in my house even offered to make me a duplicate key at a great price so that this didn't keep happening.  I thought that was nice on account they make their money when people lock themselves out!  I hope I don't have to call any locksmith ever again, but if I happen to make some dumb mistake again, I will for sure call Pop A Lock.
5	wow!! what great service from Greg. I needed a spare key for my RV. Greg checked his inventory, he had one and the job was completed in minutes.
5	We needed all the locks in our house re-keyed. I called several different locksmith and their quote was by far the best. Bill was great! I highly recommend them and will use them again in the future.
5	Bill is the bomb!  I've been using Bill with Pop-A-Lock for years to rekey properties.  I'm in the real estate business and Bill provides a flat-rate for realtors.  He always provides great customer service, super fast response and turn-around, plus he is always the best priced.  Great guy and ethical!
5	Very nice and professional guys.  They rekeyed my whole house.  Later when I tested some of the doors didn't work but they came back the same day to fix the problem and even gave me new locks without charge.
5	Professional, prompt, efficient, courteous, etc.  might be a bit on the expensive end....but you get what you pay for.
5	My daughter needed to leave a close friend a key to her apartment and I was on my way to the airport and needed to get her key copied quickly. I went on Yelp and found pop-a-lock . I visited them and have never been treated so professionally and courteously. They had my key cut in 2 min and didn't even want to charge me. I gave the man $20 and told him I would recommend his business. Thank you pop-a-lock and thank god small business still understands service. I highly recommend this business. You won't be disappointed.
