5	As a former Starbucks manager, I hold Starbucks stores to extemely high standards. I frequent SBUX a lot. By a lot, I mean more than the average Starbucks freak. With that said my input is based on what I know the founder of Starbucks wanted out of each store, and how close the store is to achieving that level of quality service. If any of the points below has an "N/A" next to it, that simply means I was not able to form an opinion based on our interactions.1-Below Standards2-Meets Standards3-Outperforms StandardsStore ReviewNow that I live in the North valley, this is my regular Starbucks store and I feel very fortunate to have such a great Starbucks in my neighborhood. Avg Visits: 4-5 times/weekPartner Friendliness: 3 Partners smiles, cheery, strike up conversationsPartner Appearance: 3 Always look professional (some are well decorated!)Partner Knowledge: 3 They knew my drink, know coffee well, and since they know I'm a former barista, they love talking back and forth about coffee in a way only Starbucks nerds would talk. Store Appearance (decor): 2 Standard Starbucks cookie cutter appearance that Starbucks so desperately does not want.Store Cleansliness: 3 This store is always very clean. Store Comfort: 3 Comfortable setting and furniture for doing work for long periods of time. *Either 1 or 2 for this section. Its either right or wrong*Beverage Taste: 2 Iced Single Venty Hazelnut Breve Iced Coffee, Dirty Chai, or Triple EspressoBeverage Consistency: 2 Never had funny tasting drinksBeverage Temperature: 2 Always ice cold or steamy hot.Beverage Preparation (I watch): 2 No health hazards, shortcuts, etc.Beverage Mistakes: 2 Never had a wrong drink made but watch out for customers that accidentally steal your drink! Will I return?: YESI personally don't care for Starbucks food and do not believe that is what Starbucks is about. Therefore I do not review their food offerings.
4	Screw you and your new hibiscus tea. It's so delicious I now get Starbucks twice a day. If that isn't bad enough you always have yummy little tasters, knowing I have no willpower and you will take even more of my money on my next visit.
5	ooh, yeah, another Starbucks review. So this would be one of three Starbucks locations within a mile radius of my house, but its my favorite! This place has a few tables and chair inside and a little bit more outside on their patio which I love! They have a decent selection of equipment and drinkware to purchase (like I even need more, but I'm a junkie so I'll buy the new design, sigh) and their baked goods are always equally as tempting. The baristas have always been super friendly and welcoming and offer different  drink suggestions when I go "um, I don't know what I want, but I always get a carmel macchiato, but I don't want that today, but I don't know what I want". Drinks are made pretty quickly, even with a line and the bathroom is always clean, so when your espresso diuretic kicks in....you're good. Woot Woot!
4	Ok I admit it, I have a Starbucks addiction. I'm not proud of it, and it continues to get worse.  I'm a fiend for iced coffee with soymilk, I order them all year long. No fancy latte for me, I don't need the extra calories.This Starbucks is rad and it is simply because of the cool employees that work it. I was recently hipped top the Rewards Program, and I have already earned enough points for free customization. No more paying for soy.. It really adds up when you buy 30 a month...   Thanks for the friendly tip that will bring this junkie back over and over.
5	I visited this Starbucks after having my nails done two doors down. I paid cash for my nails. Hang on there is a point to this ;)  I ordered a mocha frapp and gave the girl my debit card which was declined because I hadn't realized that it had expired and I hadn't put the new one in my wallet. Talk about embarrassing!! The girl said "no worries, it's on the house". I was dumb founded. Who does that these days? Thank you! I have yet to stop by and repay them but definitely will do so! Kudos to the girl! Wish I had gotten her name!
5	Me and my wife come to this place all the time. She needs a lot of coffee, that's why. Anyways, we like to come here and get an black tea for me and an Americano for my wife and then head on over to Petsmart to look at puppies and kitties. Next we go over to Ross and try to score some sweet deals so we look like high fashion. That's basically how every weekend goes and it's all started by this very awesome Starbucks. A+
3	This location is just ok probably because it is small and yet folks pack into this tiny box of a location. They have offer La Boulange pastries and seem to have a good assortment of salads and sandwiches available throughout the day. I like that this location is open early.
4	This location is a little small but along with seating inside they have tables available outside.  Every time I've ordered it has always been very fast, which I appreciate. The staff is very friendly and my soy latte has been perfect every time!
3	Not bad, but I'm always in the drive through for an iced coffee, sweet (classic), with half & half. My Coffee always comes out watered down and not sweet enough. This unfortunately happens at quite a few Sbucks locations.
5	Semi- hard to spot out from the surrounding plaza. Walked in during the morning with a small rush. However, they had about 4 people working and they did everything to minimize their line and the wait time for the non-stop customers. I ended up doing some pre-lab assessments for school here so I sat at one of the tables inside and could hear countless orders being taken. I also noticed how well the cashier knew her usuals! These woman running this store this morning definitely provided superior customer service including knowledge of the drinks being created. What every Starbucks location should be on a daily basis.
4	Starbucks #3 is tucked deep inside a shopping center, and I only found it out of perseverance.  It's a smaller shop, and although it has a line of tables, it is no match for the line of customers at 10am on a Saturday morning.  The staff is handling the rush well, and espresso drinks are coming out express-o.  The tables outside are currently in that perfect state where they're in the sun, but not directly so as to cause blindness.Of course this is true about all Starbucks locations, but the free Wi-Fi is super appreciated.  That's how this chain won my business for this Not-Hiking adventure!
