1	Really crappy service, they could not have cared less about me or my injury, I would avoid these people.
1	I went to an urgent care for a sprained foot. The urgent care provided me an air cast ankle stirrup (even though I sprained my foot!) that sells at Wal Mart for about $47 retail . Hangar Orthotics dba Elite Care billed my insurance $149.00 Insurance paid 74.50 as that was deemed reasonable and customary. I received a bill for the balance which is illegal in AZ where I live. ARS 20-1072. I wonder how many people receive these bills and pay them not knowing? I called up to dispute the amount, and although my call was third I have been waiting 94 minutes with an automated message saying my call is next ... it is now 4:59pm on Friday, I am doubting I will get an answer even though it has been saying my call is next for over an hour. It is too bad YELP does not have a way to give a business ZERO stars I waited until 5:30 and it kept saying I was next. They should have a way of giving NEGATIVE stars
1	Please do yourself and everyone else a favor by avoiding this rotten place!Hanger employs a pack of sullen, lazy administrative good for nothings.  We asked them to immediately order and bill our insurance because we were two weeks from our annual plan renewing, which meant $500 out of pocket, in the month I was laid off. Nice....Ten days go by, my wife calls and was told that our insurance didn't cover it, that they would not order without 50% cash down. #1 Outright lie from the bitchy woman, they never contacted our insurance company, who will cover Orthotics 100%#2 Nobody called to inform us that they wouldn't order out without cash up front. (Because they sat on their fat backsides and never did a thing)The woman my wife contacted early yesterday acted like she cared. But no call back yesterday afternoon or today. I called and they forwarded their calls to an answering service five minutes before 5:00.  Lazy, lazy, lazy. Did I mention nasty and surly?Go anywhere but Hanger!FYI, this was the 7th Street location as recommended by my wife's doctor, who is going to get an earful and lose a patient.
5	This place is great. Our son was born without his right hand and we had a prosthesis made for him. The process was fast! The staff was very friendly and helpful. More than satisfied with this clinic! Will continue to receive services from this location.
1	I always give the benefit of the doubt, but so far this has been an awful experience with this office. My son was fitted 2 months ago for an AFO splint (these are time sensitive due to growth). We have called only to be given the runaround, sent to voicemails, and never have return calls. Then they blame it on our insurance company not approving it until a month after fitting. We were mailed an approval letter from our insurance company before that- which proves someone at the office is falling down in their job to follow up! Despite that, we waited again. Now, 2 months later and numerous phone calls (even from our PT), I only got a hold of someone today. After having to "search" for information- she called back (which was a surprise unto itself) and guess what?! It's there! It's a miracle! Who knows how long it has been sitting there. Severe lack of organization, courtesy, and good service at this office!
