3	This store, as the name suggests, is the East Valley branch of West Valley Uniforms in Peoria. I go to this location because it's much, much more convenient for me. Pricing is on the high side, but the market for the official uniforms that I need is not what I'd call competitive, so I can't place all the blame on them. They are a full-line 5.11 Tactical dealer, so even if it isn't in the store, they can get it for you if it's in the catalog. You'll pay the full catalog price, but they won't charge you any extra for shipping it to the store. The only downside is that sometimes they run out of things that I need and I either have to drive to Peoria to get them or wait until they make their way over here from there.The staff here are great, and they really take pride in helping out public servants, who are their primary customers.
4	East Valley Uniforms, located near the 101 & Baseline, serves many different law enforcement agencies in the area. I am always greeted and treated like a valued customer when I am in the store. There are a couple guys who go out of their way when I bring in my duty Streamlight flashlights, cleaning them and making sure they are 100% operational at no charge. They are a dealer in 5.11, Streamlight, and many other major brands. The other poster mentioned pricing, and they are maybe a few bucks more on some items than your online catalog companies; on many other items they are competitive. I am always happy to pay a little extra to support a local business because when a piece of my equipment breaks and I need an immediate replacement, I know I can go to East Valley Uniforms and pick it up quickly for the next shift.They have a great selection of equipment and the customer service keeps me coming back.
1	They have a large selection of products. There pricing is higher then universal police supply. There customer service I feel is not very good at all.I have spent a lot of money at this location and I feel they still don't know who I am. I ordered a vest and when I ordered it I was told it would take 4-6 weeks I got it 3 months later and I had to call. I would not recommend.
