5	Ace.  Don't fool yourself the workouts are tough as hell.  Be very present with your current level of fitness. It is easy to get caught up in the energy and excitement brought to the classes by the instructors. Its better to sit out part of the workout that to injure yourself trying to keep up. I have done personal training here as well and it helped me immensely.  I was in a lot of pain after a bike/car accident and they were able to use Yoga and Kettle-bells to get me better in a very short amount of time.  Top Notch instruction and fitness made fun.
5	I have recently re-joined Monkey Bar after several years away.  When I first joined, I went through nothing less than a transformation during the 60-day challenge.  I thought that I could keep it up on my own, but let's face it, some people thrive on peer pressure and just being told what to do.  The price tag may seem steep, but it is on par with Crossfit gyms, and bootcamps that other gyms offer.  The value is in the instruction.  Jon and Jess, (and Olivia, Kevin, Polly, Robyn, Sean) are knowledgeable, motivating, encouraging wonderful people.  I also really like the strong fundamentals from Eischen's yoga that translate directly into the lifts that we do.  So, if you like class-driven workouts, high intensity interval training, and enjoy pushing yourself as hard as the person across the room that you are secretly competing with, this is for you.
5	I joined MBG in August 2013. I've been hooked ever since! I'm a former gymnast and love how so many of the workouts use your own body weight for exercises. Very different from most fitness classes I've taken - in a great way. I was a member at a more inexpensive and basic gym. I did not get my money's worth because I could not get motivated to do more than run on a treadmill for an hour. Monkey bar gym has dynamic workouts that change with every 2 month cycle, so you are never working on the same exercises for too long. I am finally getting back to my cardio and strength levels that I had when I was actively competing, and I've been trying to get here for almost 10 years. It took a group of knowledgeable instructors and engaging classes, but I'm finally seeing results! I can't recommend MBG enough.
4	I've been a member here for about 8 months now and I've gone through 3-4 rotations of workouts (each lasts about 8 weeks but you can start at any point). The trainers are very helpful and fellow class participants with more experience have also been great teachers. I won't lie to you. You will work hard here but you'll do it with the group, with a partner or occasionally on your own, but the results are worth it. Your body will probably hurt (a lot) the first week but you will come back for more. Go to at least a few of the mobility/stability classes to learn how to increase your flexibility or range of motion and relieve those sore muscles. I'm in better shape now than I've been my whole life and I thought that I was in decent shape before I started. Um, yeah, not really. There are still days when the workouts just about crush me but when that happens, I just do what I can at a pace that works for me and it feels great.The workouts vary from day to day and week to week, so you don't get bored. You will work lots of different muscle groups. If competition is your thing, you can do that to try to move up the leader board or you can just focus on doing better than you did last class or last week. The 30 day challenges are a great way to get to know the place and how classes work with no long term obligation if you don't like the results.I've never been a member of any other type of gym, so I have nothing to compare this to. All I can say is that I've toured the traditional mega gyms and never joined. The first time I saw Monkey Bar in action was actually years ago as part of a class trip with my son's school. My thought at the time was that school gym should have been more like this.
2	I was never an athlete.  In fact, I'm still getting the hang of this whole "working out" thing.  But I've heard good things about MBG and was always curious.  I purchased a Groupon with the intention of possibly buying a membership when I was finished. No doubt. they get results. The workouts can be brutal (in a fun way).  Despite that, there were too many big negatives to even consider extending my time here.* Lots of pressure to buy a membership.  Do trainers live on commission? Because, damn. It sure seems like it.    * The fake turf floor. It's painful and it gets gross after people start sweating all over it. Say goodbye to the skin on your hands and knees if you're doing floorwork. * I have knee and shoulder issues and modify as needed. I know this, the trainer knows this before class starts. Random classmates, there's no need to call me out IN THE MIDDLE OF CLASS in order to tell me how I'm doing an exercise incorrectly.  Working out here 6 times per week does not make you a trainer (and even if you are a trainer, you're not running the class). In short: nopenopenope
