1	Wanted to try this place out so I went there the other day. Horrible customer service! I heard the food was good from someone who's been to the scottsdale location but it is WAY to overpriced crazy drive thru girl who hates her life had a major attitude when I decide to add something to my order and I made sure no one was behind me in the drive through or inside when I did it. The mgr or owner guy looked irrttated too You would think they would appreciate more money flow since that place is individually owned and opperated, seams like it never has customers. It looks like they have kids working there too, umm I don't know much about child labor laws but you really don't have to to see there's something wrong with that picture. DO NOT go here the customer service is so bad it's not worth your hard earned money to contribute to this place.
5	I love this place. The red beef chili chimichanga is out of this world extraordinary. The meat is tender and juicy, the sauce is freakin-phenomenal and just writing this review is making my mouth water thinking about how good it is. My wife loves the chicken quesadilla. Its huge! The kids usually share it with a couple sides of rice. There are items on the kids menu but the girls prefer the quesadilla.The service is great, always friendly and the food prep is quick. The whole family recommends this place if you are looking for GREAT Mexican food at very affordable prices. In a region thats known for its Mexican cuisine this place is a true gem.Edit: Upgraded from 4 stars to 5 stars because I realized the other day that this is my favorite Gilbert restaurant. Its awesome!
5	Julios too is an amazing restaurant.  I was so surprised by how tastey the beans and rice were.  I got the green chili plate, which was extroadinary.Definitely highly recommend this place.
1	I was very disappointed in this restaurant after finding two other Yelp reviews with 5- and 4-star ratings.  I ordered the Supreme Nachos which come with ground beef (which is what I prefer), and from the first bite, I knew I was eating something substandard when it comes to nachos (something I order all the time at Mexican restaurants).  The ground beef had NO flavor whatsoever -- no seasoning at all.  Eating the top layor with the guacamole and sour cream was better as that gave it a little flavor, but that soon petered out, and I was into the middle layor which was beans and cheese, cheese, soggy cheese for days.  I finally dug under the whole thing to see what was on the bottom layer -- nothing but greasy, soggy cheese.  On top of that was some very soggy ultra thin tortilla chips that were also substandard as far as Mexican restaurants go.  I could go on, but suffice to say I threw away about half this meal, and then fought the after-taste for a little while after leaving.  Sorry, Julios, I won't be back.  :-(
3	To sum up......fast, good, filling, and friendly.  We stop in here every so often to get a quick bite with some Mexican flare.  They have your normal staples and nothing on the menu will surprise you.  I usually will get the "Pollo Magnifico" which is your standard pollo fundido.  It's priced at 8.75 which feels a little high, but just a little.  It comes with beans and rice which are perfectly fine and taste good.  I will say the guys who work here are always friendly and do not hesitate to help you if you need something additional.  They have a small salsa bar and self serve chips which is nice.  Julio's Too is what it is and delivers right about where you'd expect it to.  It's not bad at all.
1	I have heard so many fantastic things about Julio's Too, so I was really excited to try it today. I was so disappointed though!! I ordered the lunch special K which was a tasteless green corn tamale with rice and beans. The tamales was flat out horribly bland, even the melted cheese on top was bland. I ordered a fish taco since I didn't like the original plate ordered... what a waste!!! It was just a (not-battered) fried fish filet on corn tortillas with cabbage. Pros: best corn tortillas I have ever had... I ate them plain. They serve Pepsi and the tortilla chips and salsa bar was good... But that's it! I will never go back, except to maybe buy corn tortillas to take home and make my own tacos.
3	Typical chain mexican food. I knew what i was walking into.
3	I come here for lunch occasionally and get the same thing each time. The two beef or chicken taco's with rice and beans. Pretty reasonable price for the lunch combo's. The taco's are actually very good in both beef and chicken. Nice and greasy with a crispy shell, romaine lettuce and lots and lots of cheese, almost too much cheese in fact. The beans are ok as is the rice but i don't like that they put pea's and carrots in the rice. WTF? I hate peas and carrots and with all due respect, good Mexican food is not supposed to have veggies in it!!! Haha. I like that they have a chips and salsa bar and although the chips are decent and crispy, the salsa's really have no flavor to them I have noticed. All in all, this place is ok if you want a quick Mexican lunch of taco's but it really doesn't fall into my category of must go to Mexican restaurants in AZ. PS: The decor at this location is really funky and doesn't go with a Mexican theme. More 50's dinerish.
3	3.5 stars would be my ideal rating for this retro-modern casual Mexican joint... Their menu is chock full of yummy looking stuff.. I ordered the Fajitas (chicken & steak) which was a decent portion of meat, a HUGE portion of REALLY good beans, and nicely done rice.. I wished for more peppers & onions but whaa whaa #whitewhine... The food in general is similar to what you may find at a suburban sit-down mexican chain, with a bit more originality... lower prices, and serve yourself chips, salsa and drinks.. a much more sensible concept with this level of dining. I'm eager to return to Julio's Too (it had been 4ish years!) to try more stuff!
2	Ive only been to this place a handful of times, and I think tonight will be my last. The first few times we ate there I thought it was pretty good, but more recently I cant say the same. The food is fairly tasteless, the beans taste like they are out of a Rosarita can, and the rice could pass for TV dinner. Im not sure if this place is going down hill or what, but it was a little pricey for what we got. We ordered a chicken quesadilla, a shredded beef chimichanga that came with beans and rice and a small soda, it came to $22 and some change. Chips and salsa are complimentary. Call me cheap but I can think of many other places where I could spend that $22 that wouldnt leave me walking away feeling like I overpaid for not so great food. I will say the staff was extremely helpful and friendly. I wish for that reason I could give a better review but the food just doesnt quite cut it.
4	LUNCH BUFFET. 6.95. FROM 11:30AM TIL 3PM (on weekends, at least) OH EM GEEE. Green Chile! Pollo Fundido! Tamales! Chimis GALORE! All sorts of other things. Some sort of cream cheese with jalepeno spread. OMG.
5	Little hole in the wall buffet. Very inexpensive for great food. The pollos magnifico was awesome and the owner offered me a taco which he brought right to me.  The only drawback was no beer but I was there midday during the week do I wouldn't have wanted one anyway. I think they have a drivethrough as well
4	This is a nice alternative to a sit down restaurant. I actually appreciate getting my own chips and salsa! I recommend the machaca burro, and my husband loves their chile relleno. The price is reasonable, and the staff are friendly. I would like to give it 5 stars.However they switched to paper plates, which sweat, and they no longer have their great margaritas. Try this little place, worth the trip.
4	I went to this restaurant last week for a team meeting and we ended up getting the buffet as they have a Mexican buffet every weekday from 11:30 - 1:30. It ended up costing $7.95 and that is with water to drink. If you want soda then it is additional.However, the buffet is very good and the Burritos, Chimichangas, Tacos, Enchiladas and even the "Pollo Magnifico" which is like a polllo fundido just drips with cheese. If you love cheese on your food this IS the place for you, they NEVER skimp on cheese or any of the salsas or meat in the other enchiladas. This time they did have shreaded meat for burritos which you could get pico, salsa, sour cream, lettuce mix that goes with it. The plates are paper plates and the knives and forks are right there by the plates and napkins. You DO get free chips and salsa (only if you eat in). They kind of police the chip and salsa bar if you try to take the chips and salsa to go after your meal. However, they DO keep the buffet well stocked and replenish the food almost immediately when they are empty. The service is very friendly and the food is great. I have no complaints and have been back regularly.Give it a try, youll be glad you did.
1	I was disappointed.  My wife and I had been a couple times in the past and it was good, but today was pretty bad.  The place was clean and the employees have always been great, but the food really missed the mark.  We will not be coming back.
3	pretty good crispy shredded beef tacos, the beans and rice were average nothing to scream about. the unlimited free chips and salsa was a plus. drink selection is okay did not see any alcohol on site. place looks a little run down i think it used to be a burger place. overall i wouldnt go out of my way to go there but if i was nearby and craving some tacos I would hit it up.
1	Wow. I have never had more bland food in my life. I judge all Mexican food places by there Green Chile Burro, and man... there was nothing special about it at this place. Pale and tasteless, the burrito was very disappointing. The pork looked like it was just ladled straight out of a can and . My wife chose a bean, egg, and cheese, breakfast burrito. What could go wrong with that , right? Just like an earlier reviewer said, the beans tasted right out of the can.  No, I think out of the can may have a bit more taste. Even their Guacamole was bland. It was obvious that whoever was back there playing Chef had no sense of taste. Please folks, save your time and money and just go to Filibertos's on the corner.
1	Long time customer. I walked in, ordered some food to go. I guess they are doing a new thing where the cashier gave me three lids that were for small salsa cups. At salsa bar I wanted more, I put some salsa straight on my meal instead of the cups and a worker (instead of talking to me nicely he right away treated me like some criminal) scolded me for that because "to go" orders (even though I came inside to order it) were only supposed to get three small cups of salsa. Huh?!? If I decided to eat there then I can drown it in all the salsa I want but not if its to go?!? They had plenty of my business in the past but will not in the future.
3	The food is awesome! The staff is average, dont be discouraged the food is worth it!
5	Love me some Julio's Too! It isn't the best mexican food in the world but it is pretty darn good for a reasonable price. Friends and I like to come to this place the day after we've done some drinking and it always hits the spot. You go up to the counter and order, then stock up on chips and salsa from the salsa bar, and then have a seat and your food is brought to you. Pros: -The el pollo magnifico is amazing!-Staff has always been friendly. -Decent portions. -Unlimited chips and salsa (3 or 4 different kinds).Cons:-Nothing really.
3	$7.95 lunch buffet! I got here at 11:30, right as the buffet was supposed to start, but I was disappointed to see that the only trays that were set up were the beans and rice. They did have the tortilla chip and salsa bar available though, so I munched on chips and salsa while they got the rest of the trays ready.The spread was pretty nice, once it was all set up. My favorite was the smothered chicken burrito. Other options were various chimichangas, hard shell tacos, and enchiladas. My least favorite of all the buffet items were the cheese enchiladas. It didn't have much flavor aside from the brick of cheese inside the rolled corn tortilla.Overall, an inexpensive and gut-busting way to spend your lunch!
4	JULIOS IS CLOSED!!!!!!! I'm so sad :( My husband drove by to order take out as I was craving my favorite beef tacos from them and there's a "For Lease" sign on the door.Have I mentioned.. I'm so SAD!! One of my most favorite Mexican places! Gone. Poof. I may need therapy now.
3	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =How sad to have lost another Mexican Buffet here in the Valley.  RIP Julio's Too, along with Camarones, El Penasco, two Pancho's (Phoenix & Mesa), as well as Tradiciones a while back.     :-O
