4	They won't give out wifi password, even though there's a listing for "Guest." Not nice.  But the office is brand-new and beautiful, so I'm hoping that this will change with time.  Luckily, I've never had to wait more than a few minutes before being taken, so it hasn't been a problem.This practice is owned by two doctors in L.A., who are attempting to set up a complete medical facility, with all kinds of specialists to keep patients in-house.  I think they're looking for the cradle-to-grave experience, and I wonder who they'll get to do their mortuary work :D.Parking is easy, and when you're finished, you don't even have to go back onto Warm Springs to get to the shopping center, where you can drop bucks at T.J. Maxx, Home Goods, and Glazier's Market - just drive right through.  At least for now, until something is built in- between.The down note for me about this practice is that it's right across the street from St. Rose Hospital - St. Martin Campus, which doesn't have a great safety record, and that's who these doctors are affiliated with.  I'm not sure how that would play out if I needed a hospital, because I sure wouldn't choose that one.  Hope I never have to find out.I do love the Dr. I see here, Dr. Harouni, and I will review her separately.
5	You remember how it used to be when you went to see he doctor, no waiting 2 hours past your appointment time to actually spend a whole 2 minutes with a doctor that doesn't even look up from the chart ?Well none of that here, an amazing find IMHO, I never thought I would be reviewing a doctor on Yelp, but these people are so good I just had to...Though I really don't want to become the Duke of the place lmao.Appointment time 3.00pm, into the Doctor comes in at 3.15pm falling over himself apologizing for being late ! Huh, have I entered the twilight zone here ? A doctor saying sorry for being late ? Does this ever happen in Vegas ????Anyways, we spent probably 45 minutes just discussing issues, then another 45 minutes actually for the physical....A doctor that spends time with his patients...Who the hell came up with this silly idea ?The following week an x-ray...appointment time 3.00pm, first x-ray taken at 3.02pm..WTF is going on here, x-ray doctor..not a tech but an actual DR walks me through what is happening and why....Seriously, who are these people ? Am I on candid camera (Jackass for those of you bothering to read this that are younger than 40).But in all seriousness, it is great to find a doctors office that actually seems to value it's patients, and they are full service, all areas of the medical field in one building...No running around town for different tests !
1	It is so hard to find a good DR office in Vegas. A friend referred me over to Dr. Emery.  I was a little bit frustrated when it took a month to get an appointment for just a normal appointment, but I figured it was worth the wait based on what I have heard. They recommended to me that I get to the appointment 15-20 min early to fill out paperwork, they also emailed it over to me which was very nice. I arrived 15 min early with my paperwork in hand, and then waited 30 minutes. After 30 minutes the admin came over to inform me that Dr. Emery wouldn't be in for another 90 minutes, I could either wait, or I could reschedule my appointment, best part was, the next appointment wasn't for another 4 weeks out!!Terrible terrible practice and service. I couldn't see another doctor and I had no choice, I couldn't wait another hour and a half for the doctor to maybe show up! They have a very large sign that says they charge $125 if the patient doesn't cancel within 24 hours, if only that worked both ways. What a waste!
3	I have been in to see Dr Cruvant twice.  Both times he took 45 min to 1 hour with the appointment.  He is very knowledgable, friendly, talkative and makes you feel like a human being rather than just another patient.  Each time I went in he did a thorough exam consisting all the routine stuff (blood pressure, breath sounds, reflexes) and a bit more.  I do have an issue however with billing.  My husband and I have a health account so we have a fund from which co-pays are pulled so no out of pocket at the time of service.  If one is required, we get billed.  We had an appt 6/28/13 for physicals.  My husband had to pay a $20 co-pay upon checkout, I did not.  Here it is the end of July, KE received electronic payment 7/15/13 from insurance and I am still battling their billing dept to get reimbursed our $20.00.  It's ridiculous.  I have made multiple phone calls and no one can give me a straight answer.  The only thing I have been told is there is an overpayment notice on our account by $20.00.  Hopefully this gets resolved soon.  It's enough of an issue to make me seriously consider going elsewhere.  It's a shame since Dr Cruvant and his nurse were very nice.*Sidenote*  I read another reviewer state her problem with wait time and Dr Emery.  At our appt on 6/28 the front desk lady had to go out into the waiting area to tell people that a doctor (couldn't catch the name) was running an hour or so behind.  When another patient asked about their doctor, Dr. Emery, he too was behind by an hour or so.  So maybe this is an ongoing issue?  Luckily with Dr. Cruvant, we have never had to wait more than 15 or so minutes to be called back.UPDATE- KE Medical never reimbursed us.  After 2 weeks of getting the runaround I disputed the inaccurate charge through our bank.  Our bank is the one who gave us our $20 back.  Watch your money with this place and KNOW your out of pocket prior to going.
1	Thanks to Obamacare, American quality healthcare is about to disappear. The people who own K/E simply pulled the plug and closed. Paul T Emery has been my primary care for over twelve years.A nice guy and a great doctor. As a senior with serious medical conditions to find that I no longer have my doctor is outrageous. Anyone can go bust; anyone can decide they want to close, but to leave patients like me in the lurch with no prior notice is reprehensible.The owners of K/E are assholes. They also have put the well being of many patients at risk. No warning, no records nothing.The office was always poorly run but my concern was with my doctor and his excellent nurse Julie. I was taken care of and so was my wife and one of my daughters.If anyone out there wants to sue these bums.......count me in.If anyone knows where the headquarters of this company is, we ought to go there and camp out in front of their door until they personally hand us our medical records and at no charge. They have been stolen from us.Hope that some attorney reads this.
1	I have no idea what happened.  I got a letter from Dr. Nahin stating it was closed for financial reasons.  I really hope I can find him again because he is the best doctor I have ever had.  Too bad the doctors can't go in and form their own group.
1	I called to make an appt, but was greeted with a message to leave your name & number & we will get back to you in 2 business days. That should've clued me in. I called again the following week, nobody got back to me. When I went on the Internet, it turns out they closed abruptly nov 8, it says some patients were informed of the closing, I sure was not informed. Unprofessional.
1	This KE Medical was a joke .....they sent my lab work to another place , not on my providers list. I went to them for that reason , because they were on my list. So, after getting many collection bills from a lab saying I owe 500+ dollars I called KE. They gave me the run around with there whole stuff for a year ...saying sorry it's our fault and we take care it.........nope. Now there closed. What a joke!
1	Agree that KE owners have pulled a fast one.  Maybe the Obamascare sent them running for the hills before the roof caved in.  Or maybe not.  In any case, I've just gotten a bill from my former-KE doctor (Emery), and it seems he now is working IN THE SAME BUILDING, just ONE FLOOR BELOW the old KE offices (at suite 110 instead of the old 210) for an office called "Edelstein Medical Group."  According to the web this group primarily specializes in Dermatology, and doctors in the group are Allopathic & Osteopathic Physicians.  Strangely enough, Marc Edelstein was listed as a co-director of KE Medical Group, and Edelstein Medical Group is presumably named for HIM.  Also, suites 110 and 210 in that building were BOTH listed for KE Medical Group on some websites and still are.  Something is fishy here.  Could it be that "Edelstein Medical Group" was the FORMER name of "KE Medical Group"?  If so, why would my doctor send me a bill LAST WEEK (3 Dec 13) to be paid to that corporation at that address?  I guess I'll go take a look in person ... very curious!The KE website ( http://kemedicalgroup.com/) now has a more complete explanation for what "presumably" occurred to KE.
5	If anyone is looking for Dr. Barry Nahin, Dr. Ethan Cruvant or Dr. Paul Emery, they are now practicing under Dignity Health Medical Group Nevada.  I just had an appointment at their new office, located at 7190 S. Cimarron Road. It is right across the street from the old KE Medical offices.  I just thought I would post an update in case anyone is looking for any of the doctors listed above.  The appointment/scheduling number is 702-304-5900.
