4	I stopped by here for a few quick things during a weekday at lunch time. I didn't have to wait in line at all, parking is easy and plentiful, the store is well organized and prices are clearly marked, and store associates are friendly and helpful. No complaints here. Bring your coupons :)
4	My six year old blender finally died a few months back in a spectacular smoothie explosion/smoke out and I had been wanting to replace it with something fancier but not too fancy. I only needed a machine that would blend smoothies and an occasional blended drink. After much online research and agonizing over whether I would make a mistake and purchase a blender that would disappoint, I decided on the Ninja NJ600 Pro Blender.  Luckily, I had a 20% coupon to use as Bed, Bath, and Beyond so my decision on where to purchase was made. After work I drove on down to the BBB and was pleasantly surprised to find it not to crowded. The inside of the store was laid out nicely and it was easy to find the blender/food processor area. I found the last Ninja blender on the shelf and clutched it to my chest in victory. Since I hadn't been to this BBB previously, I decided to stick around and peruse their other wares. They had some really nice knife sets and some fancy plates I liked. Unfortunately, my hands were full with my blender and I had to pass. Checking out was easy, breezy and I was able to use my 20% coupon with no hassles. I'd recommend this BBB if you know what you want as it is easy to get in and out. I can only imagine what it looks like on the weekend when shoppers are crazed with indecision.(Side note: I can happily say that I've used the blender twice now (smoothies and pina coladas) with great results. I think I am in love - just don't tell my husband.)
4	This store really does have a terrific selection in the way of home goods and I can eventually find what I am looking for when I come here, but with that said, I find their floor to ceiling merchandising kind of off-putting. I think there has to be a compromise between a shishi poopoo boutique that has  only a few over-priced items in a cavernous space and stores that cram their stores with tons of merchandise to maximize their sales per square foot. Unfortunately BB&B trends towards the latter and it can be kind of overwhelming to find what you are looking for with so much stuff everywhere. Fortunately this store has a lot of helpful staff to direct you to area that you are looking for and you have to love their omnipresent 20% off coupons. They have even accepted my coupons that expired years prior so even though I dislike their mountainous walls of merchandise I have to say that I am a fan,
3	There's a large collection of "some of everything" here, and I enjoy browsing its treasures. This location isn't as grand as some BB&Bs at which I've shopped, but it's a decent store. Neat, clean, and fairly organized. Sometimes, the front most section (which usually displays sale items or other feature items) is a little disheveled & bare-boned; but in fairness, I usually shop later in the day, so customers may be the culprits. They have some neat little finds here. Found the cutest accessories for DD's room. Granted, they are not the cheapest store in town for some things, other items are reasonably priced. (Just use simple savvy shopper wits.)Sign up for email or U.S. mailers for 20% off, $5 off, etc., discount offers. I like that they'll allow you to use both offers (20% off + $5 off) in one transaction. Customer service has been iffy, in my experience. Most workers have been very nice & helpful. However, once I forgot my coupon at home and didn't realize it until I was checking out. I offered to show my email with the coupon code but the cashier said it had to be printed out. After an initial thought of "that's SO 20th century," I was ready to forget about it, until I heard a super sweet cashier in the next lane looking up the coupon code for another customer who had forgotten their coupon as well. (I said nothing. Just made a mental note.)
1	This particular location (7000 E Mayo Blvd Bldg. 12, Phoenix, AZ) was visited by myself, my son and my husband. I was not aware they were closing early at 6:00 pm due to New Years Day. As we were checking out at customer service because I had an exchange bottle for my Soda Stream, the cashier was rude and snappy. I was unable to locate my 20% off coupon to use in the store that is normally emailed to me or texted to me. She told me to just bring my receipt back when I find the 20% off, so I agreed to do this. She was clearly annoyed with me and it showed in her tone, her expression and her overall body language. I am a loyal customer to Bed Bath & Beyond and I typically spend close to $100 if not more than $100 at one visit.She asked me if I wanted the receipt in the bag or with me and before i could say with me, she was shoving it in my bag. I said with me, and she snatched it out of the bag handed it to me with the bag and as I was leaving I said to her "thank you" as I always do, yet she said nothing and called for the next customer to wait on.I think her behavior was unacceptable as I was not once rude to her. I understand she wanted to go home, but this should not be the focal point, it should be customer service.I would recommend proceeding with caution at this location. Some of the employees in this store seem to have issues with providing good customer service.
