4	We came to the new location last night to avoid the long wait at the original location. It still smells like construction in here. I love the decor. We get seated and our server asks us what we would like to drink. I order a Blue Moon and she tells me they don't have their alcohol permit yet. WTF?!!What we ordered:2 Calamari1 Fried Catfish Basket2 lbs Shrimp Hot N Juicy medium1 lb Shrimp Garlic Butter mild1 Chicken Nuggets Basket2 Chicken Wings Basket1 Fried Shrimp4 Bowls of RiceThe food was just as good as the original location. This is the first time I tried the Catfish and Calamari and they were both very good. My only other complaint is that the chicken wings for the kids took a long time and were brought out a few minutes apart. They should have just brought out the orders together, cause one kid had to watch the other kid eat. I will mos def come back to this location since there is no wait to be seated. Next time I will call first to make sure they have their alcohol permit.
4	This was the hot n juicy 2 which was off the strip in Vegas. We first went to the original one and saw the line was too long so we came to this one which I met up with some other people. I ordered 2lbs of the spicy garlic butter and calimari. My friend ordered the 4lbs of extra spicy lousiana style which he shared with his gf. The spicy garlic butter was amazing, it was not too spicy and not too garlicy flavored. The extra spicy was really spicy but still enjoyable. My friend mentioned that the garlic butter he had in the DC location had too much garlic that it was not too appetizing.When I pointed out that the owner was there, we mentioned it to him and he was really cool about and appreciated our feed back. Hope the cooks in DC gets more training because I look forward in eating at that location.
5	Hot N Juicy Crawfish is the BEST!!! Love it, Crave it often!I get 2 pounds of Crawfish ( house way-mild lots of lemons and s/p), rice, and a cold beer. I go every time I'm in Vegas.Gloves are a must if I'm planning on playing Pai Gaw.
4	I told one of my coworkers about a new business that is having a grand opening today, and to meet us there after work.  I didn't know the exact address, so I told him to just search for the Hot N Juicy by name and go to the one closest to the Wynn.  He immediately thought I was trying to steer him to some other type of establishments hidden in plain sight throughout Las Vegas.At Hot N Juicy, where the girls on average are pretty, the service is very friendly and attentive, Hot n Juicy Special is always on the menu, individual experiences can be customized from Mild to Extra Spicy, you can definitely treat your mouth to a messy but happy ending.  And today only, you can enjoy it with a 2-for-1 special*.Come early and expect to wait at least 40 minutes, or take up the offer of a free limo shuttle service to Hot n Juicy (original location) where the food is the same, but without the wait and the services of the Hot N Juicy All-Star waitresses.  Again, the limo is presumably for the Grand Opening promotion only.Spicy level is supposedly a little higher than other places, so customize accordingly.  1 pound of crawfish may sound like a lot, but it really is not, as most of the weight is contributed by the lobster-mini-me shells.  If crawfish is not your thing, shrimp, lobster, clams, and various crabs (Dungeness, Blue, Snow and King), and raw oysters can be ordered.You can add the following sides to your above orders:Corn, potato, sausage, Cajun fries, sweet potato fries, bowl of rice, rolls and even extra seasoning sauce.Appetizers include Fried Shrimp, Fried Catfish, Soft Shell Crab, Calamari, Chicken Wings and Etouffee.What I like about this place?  "It is bigger on the inside".  The waitresses remind me of Suicide Girls.  Perfect place to visit to satisfy your spicy food craving. In case there is a wait for the use of the restrooms or you have a tendency to stare at the waitresses, you have portraits of the lovely Hot N Juicy Girls to check out.  Or you can just pretend there is a line for the lavatory.What I don't like or care for:  Shrimp are not de-veined.  The parking here can be a pain, as it can be rather scarce during peak hours.  Not to mention some less than proficient drivers to deal with.Overall, I enjoyed my Hot N Juicy dining experience.  The food was pretty good, but dining here is more of a social activity for me. And if you have a problem with eating with your hands and getting messy, it is best to patronize a different establishment, otherwise enjoy!Ambiance:  4/5  Roomy, with fishing theme decor adorning the walls and pictures of the Hot N Juicy waitresses on the hallway wall leading to the restrooms.Cleanliness:  5/5  It is new, but I hope they keep it looking that way.Food:  4/5  Nothing extraordinary, but it is enjoyable and fun.Price: 3/5  About what you expect.  The main items are all priced at "Market or Seasonal Price", which for shrimp and crawfish are around the $10 mark.Location:  4/5  Definitely close enough to the Strip for the out-of-towners to take a cab here.Pretty solid 4 Yelp stars.*Buy 1 pound of crawfish get the 2nd pound free, all day until it is sold out.
1	I honestly don't get why people go crazy for this food.  Cheap, overcooked, smelly seafood served in a plastic bag?  It's really disgusting.  I was sweating garlic out of my pores for a week.  You have to peel the crawdads and shrimp, which is fine, more flavor up in there that way, but it's so overcooked the meat turns to mush and your fingers will stink of farm-raised crawfish from god-knows-what southeast asian cesspool and garlic for days.Bleccch.Don't know why I went back.
4	I saw on Yelp that Hot N Juicy was opening up a new location and that they would be having a special on crawfish on 6/11. So we decided to check it out as we're big fans of Hot N Juicy.The food was almost as good as at the original. I'm down-grading to 4 because the spices didn't seem to be as on-point and we had to wait a very long time for shrimp 'cause they gave our order to the wrong table. We did get our crawfish and soft shell crab quickly though.Minor complaints, but I'm pretty selective with my 5 stars.
4	My friends and I went the night before the Grand Opening. We were shocked by how spacious and big this place was compared to their original location. My friends told me Hot N Juicy took over the old Cajun Crawfish but made a few improvements to the space and decor. We were even more surprised by how good looking all the servers are. (We learned later on that a new reality show is going to start filming there so I assumed that's why they hired some hot-for-TV servers).We went around 7 pm on a Friday night and it was pretty full but our group of 5 people and a baby were seated promptly. (A huge advantage over the original location.) We were tended to by a few different waitresses who were all very nice and tired a bib around each of our necks. I ordered fried calamari for appetizer and a lb. of snow crab legs with garlic and butter sauce, medium level of spiciness. On that day, market price for snow crab legs was $16.99.  I had wanted Dungeness crab but they were all out. I got a side of rice and requested for lime and salt and pepper on the side. Everything was so flavorful and delicious! The medium heat was a little too hot for me and my lips were on fire but I still enjoyed every bite of my meal.
5	Okay, I KNOW the place isn't as good as the Boiling Crab in the LA area, but it's all we have in Vegas. This second location is considerably larger than the first location. When I peeked inside, I was like holy shiz, it's so huge. Most likely I'll be coming here instead of the smaller location. Traffic here will be slow compared to the other one for now since it's just recently opened.My friend wanted to try this out so we came here for his birthday. I usually get my delicious cajun fries (they're spicy!) and 1 pound of the mild Lemon Pepper seasoned shrimp. Pretty yummy. I don't like the Hot N Juicy Special seasoning (I tried my friend's). I just prefer the lemon pepper. Don't think I'll risk the other seasonings, but I will definitely try them if a friend gets them next time. I believe I've tried them at the other location, but don't recall any of them standing out except the lemon pepper.I absolutely adore the fries! Hell, just get the sweet potato fries and eat both of them. They both taste yummy. Just make sure you don't wear WHITE when you go eat as you might make a mess on yourself and just wear a dark-colored top. Yes, you get the bib but it doesn't cover all of you. With that being said, enjoy your seafood :)!
4	I can't believe we ate so much. First time here and will definitely come back!You order by the pound and everything comes in their own bag of juices. Plastic utensils and no plates and paper towel rolls.  Can't be ashamed of leaving carcasses on the table.  Reasonable prices. Don't bring your friends that can't handle seeing the heads of seafood. Although my favorite part someone at another table couldn't handle it and their whole party left cause of him. Such a shame.   They do have chicken fingers for the non-seafood eaters.We orderedCalamariRaw oystersShrimp mild with hot and juicy sauceShrimp mild with garlic butterLobster with garlic butterCrawfish medium hot and spicyFried CatfishSweet potatoe friesEverything was incredible. Oysters were good but nothing special. Wish I didn't order rice as that's what put me over the top but couldn't help it I'm Chinese and the sauce over rice is oh so good!Import beers for $3 - Domestic $2. Just Beer - no wine or alcohol.  Wish they had at least wine as not so filling as beer.Restaurant closer to Valley View is much larger and not as busy.  Parking can be difficult as there's a bunch of other popular restaurants sharing the same parking lot.
3	Dropped in to the new shop... much more roomier than the original store. But the service was slow...more than 5 min after we were seated before someone came by with water and asked if we'd been helped. I used to be able to finish off a pound of shrimp before... not this time... my wife and I ordered 2 lbs, one garlic butter, and the other Hot N Juicy special mild. Between the two of us, we finished just a little over a pound. It's a little messy to eat, but yummy.
5	You know this place is bangin' when you're nose is drippin and you don't even know it. Yes it happens haha but doesnt mean it's ok. Please use napkins accordingly. Thanks.On to the eats. I always order a pound of snow crab legs and lb of shraaaaamp drenched in a bag of hot n juicy serum at medium level.  I highly-highly recommend their corn, soggy to perfection. One is not enough I tell ya. I never finish the fries so lesson learned, pass- on the fries, hmm although it is tasty. The wait to be seated might take a good 45 mins on a dinner weekend but on the upside, food is delivered promptly. Mmmm you can see me grasping for my crab cracker as the bags are brought over. I'm ready for this peeling party.Atmosphere is bangin too. Servers are alright. When it's busy we're kinda left on our own which is fine, but we need drink refills stat. Where you at?By the way, garlic breath for the entire next day for the win!
5	I tried this place over the weekend when my cousin noticed it on Man vs. Food.  I tried 2lbs of crawfish drenched in thier medium hot and juicy sauce which still had my nose dripping like crazy.  Wear the bib cuz it gets real messy so you will need to use alot of napkins for sure.  It was my first time trying crawfish which wasn't that bad, but they have other items on the menu as well like shrimp, king crab legs, blue crab, and lobster to name of few.  If you dare to try the hot hot sauce man I feel real bad for you.. I would definitley come back here again.
5	My first time to the second location and I must say that the interior designer did a great job! Very spacious atmosphere despite the entrance with its crowded parking lot.... I'm in a wheelchair so I got prime parking. =P  Went with a buddy who I havent seen since high school , his fiance and kid. Greeted warmly by the hostess and seated promptly .... This place gets packed fast so do what we did and arrive at 6pm or earlier. We went on saturday 07/02/11 a holiday weekend. All the waitresses were as the restaurant name says "Hot n Juicy" looking!! Not too shabby !! we ordered ....1 Catfish Tray 2 pounds crawfish1 chicken tray1 clams 2 orders of rice1 etouffe1 pound garlic butter shrimpThe Catfish was awesome ..... Lightly Breaded on top of a bed of fries.... Didnt have the fries coz I'm trying to watch my Girly Figure.... =P  I had the crawfish Louisiana style w mild spices..... Simply delicious!  Albert ( my buddy from high school ) had the etouffe and a crawfish medium spice in garlic butter.  I'm a Crawfish rookie ....loved the flavor ....didnt like the tiny reward for breaking open those lil bastards! Took a bite of the garlic butter shrimp and know what I'm ordering the Next time I come here!!Just like a previous reviewer said  "You know this place is bangin' when you're nose is drippin and you don't even know it." I was told by Lorena ( my buddies fiance) that I was sweating on my head..... I seriously didnt realize it!! The food is THAT GOOD!!Definitely coming back for another round!! Great Place!!OH!! I forgot to mention that our waitress brought us a bill from another table for only 20.00 ........ rather than a bill for 80.00 which it should be.... This was one of those What Would you Do kind of moments.... Just pay 20.00 ? or bring it to our waitresses attention..... We decided to bring it to our waitresses attention and she was so appreciative of that !! I would'nt feel right paying 20.00 for what we ate AND I would feel guilty knowing that the waitress would have to take a cut from her check for her error..... DO WHATS RIGHT PEOPLE!!  Do whats right!! nuff said.....
4	Very tasty, amazing sauces
5	Ordered a pound of crawfish in the Hot N Juicy special sauce (basically all of the flavors mixed together - Louisiana, Cajun, lemon pepper, garlic butter) with spicy for the heat level.HOLY SHIT...the sauce is insanely delicious. I'm a sauce kind of guy, and man this stuff is legit. ***note to self: figure out copy cat recipe of the Hot N Juicy special seasoning. Make sure to go all out when eating these little jewels. Suck on your fingers, fuck wearing gloves, don't be afraid to suck the juices in the head, and crack it open afterwards to get some of that "head fat"...mmm. Just thinking about it gets me feening.Don't wear anything nice cause the juice is no joke. Your fingers will smell all day. Their men's restroom even reeks of it. LOL. It's a small price to pay, though.
5	Shrimp, crawfish, potato fries, sweet potato fries, corn, sausages, EVERYTHING was heavenly. Such a pleasant surprise to find such delicious/fresh/juicy food off the Strip!A+++ for the phenomenal staff.Thank you for being so friendly and attentive!!Hot 'N Juicy of Nevada (WIN!)vs.Boiling Crab of California (pfffffft.)
4	The food is RIDICULOUSLY GOOD - worth 5 star. The mild is still pretty spicy, so don't be fooled. Best place to get seafood in the rough in Vegas. Not a pretty place, just a hole in the wall with alot of tables squished inside. AWESOME catfish. Best I've eaten, doesn't manage to taste like dirty dishwater. The crawfish is worth the try, even if you think you don't like it. Try a pound (~$12). If ordered when they are in peak season, they are huge and succulent. If you are hesitant, order the shrimp (but alas, they are also head-on.)Great spot to take visitors, but be careful. During peak mealtimes the wait is horrendous. Take-out is a good option. It's still hot by the time you get it home anywhere in the valley. The service is usually pretty good, but always so busy. It would be nice if they expanded somehow. An outdoor eating area would be great or at least a sitting area. There is no indoor standing area, or paging system. Most people stand outfront in large groups or have to wait in the car. Also parking is a big pain in the *ss, so be sure you aren't running late for your date, it may take you a bit time to find a spot on a different local street.
5	Having Hot n Juicy just 2 nights after our first HnJ experience tells you a lot! We just had to have it again...it was that good! I knew about this place thru a cousin's yelp check in on Facebook. So we decided to try it while on vacay...this is a MUST stop for all you visitors!  The first time we went, we visited the old location which doesn't compare to this newer location at all. This location is a lot bigger and more staff and most of them are cute and cut even the females look great.  So first time at the old location- what we had:  4 lbs of their crawdads...these are a waste of your money - most of these pinchers were about less than half an inch in size and were a pain to crack! Hubby ordered the spicy Hot n Juicy special and it was definitely HOT!!! 4 lbs of shrimps - THE BEST!!! Lemon Pepper is the bomb!  LP is my favorite, if you like the taste of lemon grass you'll definitely love this flavor. Chicken Wings with fries - great Calamari - yummy! Sweet Potato fries - so yummy! total for this visit - $162.00 for a party of 10 with 4 kids and 6 adults 2 nights later- we visit this new location...we just can't stop talking about it. It's that good! What we ordered this time around: 5 lbs of shrimps...Garlic Butter, Louisiana, Lemon Pepper 2 CalamariChicken nuggets with fries7 orders of rice!!! - A MUST!!!2 Sprite 2 beers Total: $124.00 Spoon some of that juicy goodness on top of your rice and eat with your fingers!!! You can't let that sauce go to waste!!! DAYMN...just thinking about it makes my mouth water :)
5	Spectacular.  The restaurant is beautiful, service was great aside from the one hour wait on Saturday night but the food made it well wort the wait.  Spectacular...  If you haven't tried this place you must stop what your doing and head over there right now!
4	My co-workers love this place, or at least the original location.  So we came to check this new one out.  From the street you'd think it was a small place with a huge rush, but come in and it is vast!  Coming in right at noon meant no wait time for us and the waitresses was friendly and helpful with her focus on us.  So much so that when my bib fell off she put a new one on me (yes it was as ridiculous as it sounds, better work on my knots. -_-).For this time I ordered the shrimp since I heard the crawfish was a bit of work and yes I'm lazy.  I ordered a pound of it with the Hot N'Juicy sauce, one piece of corn, and some sweet potato fries.  I'm definitely not one for getting my hands messy, but I managed to get over it enough because the shrimp was delicious.  Sucking up all that sauce was the highlight, especially on the corn.  It's definitely a once in a while thing for me eating like that but I'll be remiss if I don't at least try the crawfish once in the future.
5	Loved it. The corn on the cob with butter only is to die for.... We got 1lbs of shrimp in hot n juicy seasoning with mild spices, and 2lbs of snow crab legs with the same seasoning and spices. Everything was seasoned well and finger licking good. The meat of the crab was so tender and juicy. I loved the atmosphere. There were no silverware or plates just plastic table cloths and napkins. The price is very reasonable. We also got a fried shrimp appetizer and 2 soft drinks and our bill was less than 70 bucks. Two thumbs up
5	Great customer service!
3	Went here with my cousins and aunt since I was only visiting for a day.  It was pretty busy for 3pm on a Tuesday afternoon.  We got seated right away, but waited a good 10 minutes before our server even acknowledged us - at least we were ready to order.  We ordered 1/2 dozen oysters, sweet potato fries, 2 lbs of snow crab legs, 2 lbs of shrimp, 1 lb of crawfish, and bowl of rice for everyone.  The fries came out along with the oysters....but no water.  It was hard to flag someone down because we were sitting in the back of the restaurant and the servers were constantly going to the front.  We were practically done with our appetizers when the shrimp comes out.  OK, no water and no rice(hey, we're Filipino and we need our rice!)  Finally they bring us water along with everything else and we start munching down.  During the course of our meal we run out of water and we see our waitress asking the tables next to us if they wanted refills on their waters.  She had enough water to fill their cups and we thought "great, she's gonna go refill her pitcher and come back to our table."  NOT!!  We constantly had to get up and ask them for stuff....not cool at all!!!  I don't care how busy you are - if you are a really good server you know how to take care of ALL your tables!!  The last time my cousin had to stand at the counter to ask for refills on our water another waitress came by to apologize for ignoring us.  At least they know they were ignoring us, but how convenient to apologize AT THE END when we have to pay.  Great food but lousy service!
4	It takes awhile to get service when it's full. But the food is good.
5	Hot n juicy, messy n' delicious - I love this place!!A bit ghetto shocking when you walk by the tables with their carnage of crawfish carcasses and other assorted shellfish!We had so much fun here - ordering crawfish, snowcrab by the pound.  You pick your sauce and your spice level - you can even opt for a no spice.Our waitress was a sweetheart, and even demonstrated to us how to peel a crawfish (it was my first time having them, and they are a lot of work!)  By far my favourite combination was Hot n' Juicy, mild spice snow crab - the meat is so sweet, tender and meaty.. you can remove an entire section and use it like a paintbrush with the juice.  SO GOOD!Will be back each time I'm in town!!
3	Well I was so excited about visiting this place. I Nevermind had crawfish before and I had to try it!First off... If you've never had crawfish before, you are missing absolutely nothing! That little tiny bit of meat is not worth the fight.We ordered garlic butter lobster also which was good.I had ordered a side of the hot n juicy special sauce to go with my rice, the sauce is good but waaay too oily. Especially since it looks more like spices and less like oil on the man vs food episode. Umm the waitress was beyond helpful, hopefully she'll be there if I go back.It's worth another try because I didn't hate it, but I was totally unimpressed.
5	i'd usually gone to the first hot and juicy on spring mtn & decatur, but this new opening one's been my favorite now. it is very clean and comfortable, and to me it's much prettier, and couple of the staff are from the other location. they are so cheerful and friendly.like always, i ordered shrimp, snow crab and clam in garlic butter, hot&juice and lemon pepper. and just like always, they came out fresh and juicy. i enjoyed getting my hands all messy eating those seafood, just made it so much fun!! so give this new location a try, worth it believe me!
1	I am a hot & juicy fan.. Even before it was on the travel channel and became so widely popular. I have preached the wonders of shrimp and crawfish to all my friends and will even choose H&J over The BoilingCrab. I have had many wonderful dinners at the original location and the servers are always so attentive. So why the low rating for this new location you ask? Its not the food that lacks at this location, it's the service. We tried out this place on a Thursday night around 9:00.. It wasn't too busy so when we arrived the hostess sat us right after she cleared up a booth. After a while a not so enthusiastic nor friendly server took our drink order. Then when she came back we ordered 2 lbs of shrimp + potatoes, rice, rolls and sweet potato fries. Slowly our order started to arrive one by one delivered by a food runner.. Soon we received everything except the sweet potato fries. Over half way through our dinner still no fries.. And no sign of our server.. So we have to flag someone down & ask and we find out that they ran out of SP fries a while a go and our server was supposed to tell us.. Then we are told not to worry it will immediately be taken off our check..At this point our server has yet to once check up on us.. I spot her bottle blonde pig tails numerous times chit chatting with her co workers and horsing around.. Then we have to flag someone down again to place a Togo order but then we're told the kitchen is closed...  Finally our server shows up only to plop acheckbook down on the table.. Peeved, we want to leave so we give her our card., when it comes back we realize they didn't take off the fries after all.. So we go to the front and the girl apologizes and says she needs to swipe the card again but we should be rest assured it will only be charged once because they settle all the transactions at the end of the night. So there goes another 5 minutes of waiting around due to bad service all the while food is still being brought out to tables.. "kitchen closed" my a$$.. ..The next day sure enough the card got charged twice from hot and juicy. Now I'm sorry, I honestly don't mean to be rude and I am a pretty patient person but seriously how hard is it to be a server at a restaurant that only has plastic silverware, paper towels and serves their food from a plastic bag.. ? Had the server just done her job adequately my experience would have been great.
5	Hell yeah. I'm Southern by the grace of God and we know crawfish so do these folks!
4	If you like crawfish/seafood, and can take some heat, you will love this place.  If you dont like crawfish/seafood, i'm afraid this place will not change your mind.  It's one of those places, " O i always hate___ now i'm a fan!"  You buy the crawfish by the pound, and it comes to your table all steamed and evenly garliced.  This is the part where i think non seafood people will never understand.  You rip the lil heads apart from the body and give their brains a good little sucking.  It's absoutely delicious :) Dont act like a bad ass and feel like you can take the heat, because their HOT is HOT.  No shame in ordering the mild, as it does have  a little bit of kick.  Overall big fan, and would wait come back here with my buddies anytime i'm in Vegas.
5	i love hot and juicy.  everytime i visit for dinner i always get genuine quality service.  the food is amazing and the servers always remember a familiar face.
1	After hearing about this place and about how great it is. Me and some friends decided to come here while in town. We ordered 2lbs of shrimp with hot n juicy seasoning, 1lbs of crawfish with hot n juicy seasoning and fried catfish. The shrimp was under cooked thoroughly and the flavor was bland! The crawfish were dirty and not fresh either. The catfish was neither firm nor fresh. Our experience was disappointing. Service was good. We will never return!
4	Super good food!My friends and I ordered 2 lbs of shrimp, 2 lbs of crab legs, 2 Cajun fries, sweet potato fries, calamari, and fried catfish!We ate it allllll up.My only concern was that the crabs were a bit difficult to crack but then again I'm used to cracking the Alaskan crab legs.But other than the difficult cracking, the mix of all the seasonings was just a great fusion of flavors to really individualize their seafood from anything I've ever tried.And it was not primetime when we went so service was pretty fast!Hope they're on top of their game when it is busy!
4	From the outside, the restaurant seems a little misplaced, but once you walk in, the environment is so inviting and feels like a place to have a good time. Got some blue moons for $3 each, which is a pretty good price if you ask me. I came with 8 other people so we ordered a whole lot of shrimps and crawfishes. Got 2 lbs of the hotnjuicy special crawfish and 2 lbs of garlic butter shrimp, 2 lbs of lemon pepper shrimp, 1 lb of louisiana style shrimp, 2 orders of sweet potato fries, 1 order of cajun fries, and some rice. The bibs and gloves they provide are very handy, and you should change your gloves once or twice during your eating period because the sauces definitely leak through and you'll be stuck smelling like cajun for a few hours or days after. The crawfish were a bit of a struggle for me to break into, but the sauce did it for me, so good and with a kick (my lips were for sure burning way after finishing eating). We started taking shots of balls of rice with the different sauces on top, DELISH! The shrimps had a significant amount more meat than the crawfish an were easier to peel. The cajun fries order got lost somewhere during the meal, but they were pretty nice about getting the order to us as fast as possible. This place is definitely worth trying and won't break the bank!
1	So I've been going to the  first Hotn'Juicy and wanted to try their 2nd location. Their food was on point, just as good as the original spot. But I was disappointed by the service. Server was complaining that we were ordering too much. The place was not busy so I didn't know why she was in a hurry. Second, she accidentally knocks over my beer all over me and the table, which is ok cause it was an accident. I'm a server myself so I understand accidents happens. But she just stood there watching me to wipe down the spilled beer all over me and the table. On top of that she was laughing about the situation. Ok I understand maybe it's your first day, maybe tired but at least pretend your apologetic, and help a brotha out cleaning up. Thirdly, she never came back to the table to either bring more napkins, or perhaps offer a new beer! No one came down to our table except to deliver our food. We had to wave another person for another beer. No one checked back with us or anything. Our check was $130 for 3 people. We left $20 for the service that we didn't get. Let's just say not for awhile, but I will just wait in line to the original location.
2	I came on a Tuesday night, and they were slammed. Took ten minutes to get a waitress's attention. They were out of quite a bit of their entres. You get stuff delivered in plastic bags, on a plastic table cloth, or in styrofoam soup cups. There isn't any silverware to speak of that I could see and fountain drinks come the same way. The prices are so-so. I had their etouffe. There's only one, and it's mudbug etouffe over rice. It was reasonably flavored, but over-seasoned with cracked pepper even for a Gulf Coaster. There is lobster, three kinds of crab (two missing, the least inexpensive) and an assortment of sides, like corn, sweet potato fries, and so forth. My limited sampling said that it's over-rated. Two other clues. The parking lot is tiny and insufficient for a large patronage; parking up the side street if you dare. The waitresses don't really understand their menu, or their ingredients (two different ones). Although they were slammed with people, the waitresses seemed inexperienced and had a lot of stains on their clothes. Busing the tables amounts to lifting off the white plastic table cloths and dumping the trash, I guess. It's like eating on the top of a garbage bag. I expected something more authentic, some semblance of service, and a cut above a pre-trash table setting. You can probably do better elsewhere; this isn't even as good as Joe's Crab Shack. There is no decor save for a few Mardi Gras-ish things they must have found at a party store, has all of the ambience of a WalMart restroom.
3	Hot N' Juicy Crawfish is so delish! It's just regular sea food but when you add the sauces it just gives it the kick it needs. The only thing that sucks here is some of the waitresses suck. There were like 2 really nice ones that weren't my servers that helped me out and the one that was supposed to be mine was rude and hardly showed up to my table. So the service isn't the best but the food is amazing! It's a bit expensive but good to have occasionally! :)
3	The flavor is still ridiculously good, the atmosphere is better with the high ceiling and well lit space, but the crawfish are not worth the money. The ones during this visit hardly had any meat. The real deal are the shrimp. These big, plump, and juicy crustaceans steal the show.At Hot N Juicy, start by picking a protein, followed by seasoning, then the spice factor and finish it off with extras that they will cook in all the juices. For four, we easily dined on one pound of Hot N Juicy Special Spicy Crawfish with two pieces of corn and potatoes, two pounds of HNJ Special Extra Spicy Shrimp with two pieces of corn, two potatoes and half a dozen pieces of sausage, and a basket of ten fried shrimp ($10.99). Most of the seafood are sold at market price, but they tend to stay between $10-$12. Corn are .75, potatoes are .60, and the half portion of sausage was $2.75. The fried shrimp were not a favorite. The cornmeal batter is great for crispiness, but I could barely spot any shrimp. It end up feeling like I was eating friend bread. Beers are cheap for a restaurant. $2.75 for Bud, Bud Light, and Miller Light. $3 for Heineken, Heineken Light, Corona, Corona Light, Sapporo, and Blue Moon. For a quarter more, I am down with getting the import beers. The service was decent tonight. Our server was quick to refill our water cups. Even one that wasn't ours refilled our cups. Our server did look disappointed that our order was so small, but it was more than enough for us. At a little over $60, the bill is not a cheap meal. I am still more fond of the original location, but this one is rather attractive.
5	holy sh*t, i love this place.!!  literally, sh*t... frankly, having this as one of my favorite digs defies common logic as i KNOW eating here will make me sh*t like crazy later.!TIME SPENTonce a week @ Lunch/Dinner times.LAYOUTthis is the newest in the chain.   the older place is just a couple blocks away.!   i found HnJC to look like a mix between a brewery and sports bar.SERVICEno matter which HnJC you're at, the service is OUTSTANDING.   people are cheerful and conversational.   not only do servers ask what you need, but EVERYONE who works there will also eventually ask what you need.FOODthere's an arguement here on how good the food is.   as i rave about the taste, my southern friends disagree that it's better back home.^^;my one CON is the Snow Crab's "freshness" being on par with local buffet quality.   i found the shell soft and flavor off (sauce saves it).    you are basicly paying $16 a 1ib for something you can pay $24 and eat without limit at a buffet ($15 @ Rio's World Buffet as a local).i have ALOT of friends who don't like shellfish, so can recommend their sweet-potato fries, shrimp etouffe (sp.?), battered shrimp, and battered catfish as alternate foods...  all of which, i don't order, but highly enjoy stealing from those who do.^^PRICING  on average, i eat 6-8ibs of various items (crawfish, clams, snow crab) which normally run $50-$80.   i've had friends do 1-2 ibs of things and spend $20ish...  maybe that'll give you a rough idea.CLOSINGHnJC will leave you with a lasting impression.  the service and welcoming you recieve there make it feel like you're eating at home with friends.   it also doesn't hurt that all the waitresses are gorgeous to boot.^^   it's as if they the catalogue of Suicide Girls were waitressing the establishment.!TIPS1.  SAUCES: please don't bother with getting anything under SPICEY.   the seafood just tastes bland otherwise.    EXTRA SPICEY will make you cry.2.  Wear clothes u don't care about so you don't have to wear those ridiculous looking bibs...  some people go as far as wearing hamburger helper gloves to eat.!   please save yourself the embarrassment of looking stupid.3.  i like to save whatever sauces is left over and pour them into one bag to go.   i know - it sounds YUCK...  but the sauce is great with everything you cook.   Omelletes (sp.?), over dry noodles with egg, etc.
5	Ambiance: 3. Don't set the bar too high -- H 'n J is a dive restaurant just off the Las Vegas strip in Chinatown.  That said, the exposed brick, checked table clothes and local feel makes it a treat.Cost: 5. For once, we can all beat Vegas.  Even with a sub-$10 cab fare from the strip, H 'n J is still very affordable for what you get.  A pound each of crawfish, shrimp, and kind crab with sides and drinks did not top $60 with tip.  Meal would cost at least 2x that at the casinos, I almost don't want to share the secret for fear they jack the prices.Food Quality: 4. H 'n J serves its seafood in plastic bags they've mixed the seasonings in.  No plates, no rules -- it gets messy.  But it's so good, you don't care.  It was my first shelled crawfish experience -- quite tender, but a lot of work to open up their apparently smaller than average crawfishes.  Shrimp were good, king crab legs were AWESOME.  Lemon pepper and Hot 'n Juicy special seasoning were probably the two best choices to go with -- for heat lovers, go with at least medium spice for flavors.Service: 5. Waitress great, she walked us through the crawfish de-shelling process on arrival, as well as several menu questions on what to order, how much of it, and seasoning flavors.When to return: When you need to get off the Strip and the f out of dodge, a cheap but great seafood meal, when you're not looking to get lucky in the following 6 hours.
4	its all about the experience. you gotta mix it up. this place puts your grub in a bag. no plates or utensils just your hands and a bib. we went sat. night. did not wait long. great music, the staff was happy and energetic. we had 2 lbs shirmp and 1 pound of crawfish, cajun fries, rice, 3 sodas for under 50. all was great.
5	Only 'local place' I've found for great & messy crab.  The 'hot n juicy sauce' is on the spicier side so go mild before you go hot.  Snow crab, king crab, corn and potato...you are good to go!
3	Saw this place on TV,  It's not bad if you haven't been to the best.  I personally like the dry rub type, this was more liquid cajun spices.  But very good and well worth a try.--RibChamp
4	To set the record straight, I am not a fan of crawfish.. they have a weird scent to them that I can't get over :S I've tried them once before (not from here) and I wasn't a fan. Maybe this place will change my opinion? We arrived on a Thursday night and this place was packed! Apparently, there are two locations. I don't know if the service/food differs, but we decided to wait for a seat. Within 15 minutes, we were seated, which isn't too bad. We ordered three different flavors of crawfish - two pounds of cajun, one pound of hot n juicy, and one pound of the lemon and pepper. The first two flavors were not bad, the third we could've done without. The crawfish were juicy, fresh, and flavorful.. not bad, not bad! Each one pound order of crawfish comes with a side of corn on the cob, yum. If you order two pounds, you get corn on the cob and potatoes! Aside from crawfish, we also had an order of garlic butter clams. They were ok, could've done without as well. The weird garlic that was used had a strong kick to it which reminded me of straight up horse radish.All in all, the food was not bad for someone who isn't a fan of crawfish. Top it off with some blue moon, and you'll be set! I do have to admit one thing, though... I felt like I was in a club when I was dining in there. They had some club trance music going on, which made me feel as if I had to peel the crawfish to the beat lol. It was interesting....
5	Nothing beats Hot and Juicy Crawfish.  I met up with some friends here for dinner and was more impressed with this location in a couple of areas.  1.)  Parking is much easier to find.2.)  More space to move around in.Even though the wait was about half hour before we could be seated, it was okay because it was worth the wait.  The atmosphere was very calm, exciting, and comfortable.  The tables were all spaced out and there was no feeling of claustrophobic.  We ended up ordering Snow Crab Legs seasoned with Cajun Season, Shrimp seasoned with lemon butter, blue crab seasoned with Cajun seasoning, Crawfish seasoned with Cajun season, calamari and fries, and wine to down it all.  Everything was cooked to perfection.  The Snow Crab Legs were easy to break and get the meat out; shrimp were cooked with full of juiciness; Crawfish was just mmm-mmm-mmm; blue crab was okay, just too small for my liking; calamari and fries appetizer was a great starter and would order it again.  It wasn't too oily, and breading was not overly done either.Our service was also good.  There's no complaining on that.  Every employee seems to be in good spirits despite being super slammed and busy.  They manage to remember us every time.  The price of everything per person probably came out to be $30 without the bottle of wine we ordered.  I am a fan and will take my friends from all over the world to this place just so they have a taste of Hot N Juicy Crawfish.
4	Never having gone to the first HnJ, my brother, Katrina M., and Aziz B. decided to avoid the hoopla of the original, and head towards the second location. The interior was open and modern. Service was a bit slow, and at times, left us fending for ourselves in pursuit of bibs and gloves.As for food, we ordered a pound of the Hot N Juicy special, spicy crawfish with sausage, two pounds of the HnJ special, extra spicy shrimp - both with corn and potatoes - as well as some fried shrimp. The seafood were around $11, fluctuating according to market price. Corn was .75 cents, potatoes .60, and sausage 2.75 for half a dozen. For the four of us, we were shed blood, sweat, and tears from the meal (perhaps not the first, but you get the picture). When they say Extra Spicy, they mean it. But the crawfish was good as a commodity (necessary for a first time). The shrimp though? That's where it's at. Succulent, packed with flavor - those babies were my favorite. As for its fried counterpart, the cornmeal breading was a bit overbearing and fully encompassing. It didn't stop us from devouring it as refuge from the spiciness of Extra Spicy. For about 60 dollars, this was more than enough among the four of us.I love the idea around HnJ - communal and casual eats. Good food around people who love you despite your barbaric eating habits. As for the technicalities of a restaurant, service could be better. But I don't expect much from a place with plastic tablecloths.
4	Not as good as Boiling Crab, but great food nonetheless.
4	Loved this place, after seeing it on man v food i had to try it and it didnt disappoint the spicy scauce with the crawfish and corn together with the cajun fries was lovley.
4	OMG!   This place is awsome.  Decently priced and fun!  The the servers don't seem to have as much fun as everyone else, but who could blame them.  Food is served quickly and drinks are always filled!  Great array of flavors and hotness, easy and simple seating.  Messy as hell, but they even give you bibs, paper towels and wipeys!  Plus the clean up is the best!Great for everyone ......as long as you know how to have fun with your food!
5	It appears that this restaurant recently opened. It is located in an Asian strip mall. There seems to be ample parking along the whole area. When we went there this Saturday noon, there was luckily not a wait. The employees here were very accomodating. Kudos to their excellent service. Also, the food was great. I think the shrimp was actually the best thing I had here. I also had crawfish, etoufee, and clams. We got the Hot N Juicy Crawfish spice mix and everything was about medium spiciness. Even their bibs were of premium quality, although the question of the day is, why is there a lobster on the bib? Isn't it a crawfish place?
5	Same greatness as the location down the street but this one is a little roomier.  King Crab Legs, Shrimp, and Corn still the best.  If you got a big group I would probably try this one first.
5	Great food...hot servers!!!!!!!!
5	This is as close to the cajun food in Nola as I have had.The crawfish, were excellent as were the shrimp.When in Vegas this will now be one of my regular stops.The price is great as well.Your going to get a bit grubby eating here, but that's part of the experience.
5	Love this place! No plates, not utensils, no problem....use your hands - just don't touch your eyes while eating the spicy seafood! Known for it's crawfish, I more enjoyed the spicy crab legs & shrimp. Order by the weight of the food in a plastic bag & use your hands to eat. They give you a plastic bib and rolls upon rolls of paper towels on your table. It's really messy (NOT DIRTY, there is a difference) but my opinion quite worth it. I was full when I arrived here with friends and I still ended up being the last one to finish eating. Would definitely go here again when I visit Las Vegas. This is the newer location, only slightly closer to the strip. I have not been to the older location, but probably will visit it when I'm there next. Highly recommend if you don't mind using your hands to eat. The only bad thing I can think of is my hands smelled like garlic for a week.....but is that really a bad thing? Keeps the vampires away. :DMy rating 1-10 (10 being the best)Atmosphere: 9+Food: 9+Cleanliness: 7Noise: 7Service: 7Overall: 9
4	Always a big fan of Hot and Juicy's Hot and Juicy Special sauce on anything. LOVE their sausages. so yummy!
5	Hot N Juicy Crawfish restaurant no. 2 is just as good as restaurant no. 1!  I like this restaurant as it's much bigger and airier.  The food is just as good as no. 1.  I noticed that when you order the medium spicy sauce, it is medium and not screechingly hot and if it's mild, it does come mild.  In other words, the sauce come as ordered.  We ordered 3lbs of shrimps and it was so good, we ordered another lb of shrimp!  Also, we ordered the catfish and cajun fries and some rice to sop up that wonderful sauce!!  Will be back!
4	After reading the excellent yelp reviews, I drove down from LA for the day just to try this place.  I was craving some crawfish and finding good crawfish up here hasn't been easy lately.  So, I got in the new ride, picked up my companion, plugged in the iPod, and just hit the road. What a way to spend a Saturday.  OMG!!  Ultimately, although I wanted to eat more, I refrained from pigging out.  I stopped eating after I ate three pounds of crawfish...and yes I'm consoling myself with the fact that three pounds included the shells...yes, that's it!  And...no I didn't eat the shells.  So I really only ate maybe a pound or so of actual crawfish meat.  Anyway, the first two pounds were in the medium Cajun boil served with a corn cobbette and a potato.  The boil was flavorful with a light heat and the crawfish were of good size.  When I was done, I ordered another pound of crawfish in the spicy hot and juicy boil.  Great flavor, particularly with the garlic touch.  And those mudworms were large!  They looked like mini- lobsters.  I actually ate the claw meat, something I generally don't do given their small size.  After all, there is a limit to just how much work I want to do for a meal. Now, I know to just order the spicy boil flavors since I generally like foods with a high heat.  Before I forget, the sweet potato fries were good too.  I liked that our food server kept the coke cups full and the staff checked in often. My companion ate the fried shrimp and the chicken wings with potato fries.  While he ate everything because he was hungry, he didn't particularly care for it.  I'm thinking that figures since the house specialty is the crawfish. But unfortunately, because these items are on the menu, they could use a bit more attention; hence, a four star rather than a five star rating.The restaurant was clean and, importantly, so were the restrooms!  Now, if you're too prissy to eat with your hands and you have a problem with not using a plate, then this isn't the place for you, even though they give out nice bibs and you eat from a plastic table cover.  Keep in mind, you do eat from a plastic bag and you drink from styrofoam cups...okay so that's not environmentally friendly but who cares!?!  I even bought a tank shirt...and that's an unusual move for me.I'm thinking I'll definitely be back...and next time, I'll try shop No. 1 to see if it's as good as shop No. 2.
1	umm...you call this a crawfish spot?! I came here on Halloween with some friends. We wanted to take a break from the hotel/casino food. Arrived around 5pm and was seated immediattely. Yeah..it was empty hahaha..We were about to order and the waitress tells us they are out of CRAWFISH! WTF.....okay..So we asked for Clams...out of CLAMS..asked what they had. They had Shrimp. Ordered 4 lbs of shrimp. The marinate/sauce sucks..no flavor at all.. Had way better. Guess this place didnt live up to the hype
5	Um, I'm kinda in love with this place. I've been trying to come here for a few times, and even went once but the wait was too long for a large party. This time, my lil sister Jenni took me here Saturday night around 7pm for dinner - just the two of us this time. This is Hot N Juicy II, a little further east than I, and the place seems more updated and less crowded than I. It's such a fun environment. The waitresses are all super nice and laid back, there is Top 40 radio going on in the background, and everyone is eating with their hands! The wait a table for Jenni and I was about 20 minutes. I love crawfish but the shrimp was recommended to get more bang for your buck and also because they're delicious, of course! We each got a pound of shrimp in the Hot N Juicy Special sauce (which is a combination of all the sauces they offer). The food came out in about 10 minutes, hardly any wait. The mild was a tiny bit spicy for me (I'm a big spice pansy) but perfect for that extra kick. The shrimp that arrived were perfectly seasoned in that amazing sauce, and were each a good size. We also got an order of sweet potato fries that were super tasty, well seasoned, and a generous portion at that. This was definitely the right amount of food for the two of us. Our bill for 2 lbs of shrimp and an order of sweet potato fries came to be around $26 without tip. Not bad for a seafood dinner. Tip: Jenni, a seasoned HNJC customer, recommends that you keep your wardrobe in mind when coming here. You tend to leave with your clothes smelling a little like garlic, and the scent definitely sticks on your hands for at least a day. :)
5	The battle is neck and neck! We did the taste test the other day. I'm solely basing this review on Hot N Juicay's medium special vs The new contender's medium whole shabang. We got 4 pounds of snow crab, 1 pound of skrimps, and 1 pound of crawfish. I opt for the medium hot n juicy special for the seasoning. I saw white rice on the menu. WOOT!!! I'm not sure if they always served white rice here. I remembered asking for it at the original spot and got denied. Maybe they ran out back then. I was so glad to see it on the menu. I saw some cat post up a picture of rice that had the seasoning poured all over it. FOR REALLY DOE!!!Not very long after I was stuffing my face like a pig, the spice started to make me sweat, but I couldn't stop eating. Believe me, it was an ugly sight. Pieces of shell all on my grill, juice running down my arms, beads of sweat forming on my cranium, crab meat chillen on the upper lip...YO!Both places have GREAT flavor, although Hot N Juicy's medium spice got it on LOCK DOWN!!! Doesn't need no more or no less. Keep doing it yallz! EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
3	Maybe I got too excited? We don't have crawfish in NY, so I figured I could eat some in Vegas.. I thought it was alright. I've def. had better in Tampa, FL... But the service was great! and everything was def. fresh which is very important
4	So far I've eaten here twice.  First time was dine-in and the food was awesome.  Second time was take-out and it seemed undercooked.Even though crawfish is in their name, to get the most bang for your bucks stick with shrimps and crabs as they have more meat whereas the crawfish is mostly shell.  The fried catfish was excellent & the french fries' portion was large and a good foil for the spicy sauce they boil their shellfish in.
4	Love this place! Its never a let down. I usually order the 1lb of shrimp (snow crab or alaskan king crab legs) with HnJ special sauce, medium spice with corn and a bowl of rice. You have to eat the corn last. Gotta let that corn soak in all the buttery, garlicky, spicy goodness. I also scoop some of the sauce onto my rice! Then down it with a nice cold Corona w/lime! Hits the spot! I've tried Boiling Crab. Their sauces aren't bad but it doesn't do it for me. I love HnJ's sauce better.
4	Easy parking, comfortable booth, very good service and clean.I meant to review that place a long time ago...Here, everything is about the spices and that flavorful sauce, you cannot  go wrong with any of the seafood items.I specially like the clams cause there is no pealing to do and you can use the shell to scoop all the juices...so yummy!!!My favorite side items would be corn, rice and bread roll (French people and their carbs lol!!!)I also appreciate the Fact that they use real tasty butter and not the hydrogenated crap...The Cajun fries were not all that but I guess that's because my grandma spoiled me with those fried goodness back in the days!Perfect place for a Bday party.By the way the "medium" spicy is actually spicy compared to some "crab shack" and other restaurant chain but here this is the real deal!
3	The place is simple just like the food. Eating with your hands like a barbarian with oversize gloves.Ordered  3 lbs of shrimp (not de-vein with heads on) in Medium spicy sauce with 4 corn and snow crabs, with sweet potato fries and Cajun fries. They give you little plastic bibs and plastic gloves to wear. No plates so I used a lot of towels. Easy to clean up.. Most  the food comes in a huge bag. So you grab, peel and eat. It was a fun experience. Makes you feel like a little kid again eating with your hands LoLz. It gets messy don't wear white. Wear dark color clothes. heheeBut one of my friend is not used too eating without utensil and was not enjoying it as much. Also when they went home the toilet was loving him but his butt wasn't happy at all. Also the people who had to smell what came out was not happy too. sigh.
3	Walked into into nice ambiance. Headed straight to the bathroom that was all out of toilet covers & toilet papered floors. Ordered shrimp, cajun fries, & snow crab legs. Everything wasnt seasoned that great. Legs sauce was pretty good though.   Shrimp sauce was basically water. & the fries were nice and hot but not as cajun seasoned as I liked it. Service met regular service standards, nothing pleasing or over the top. And the bill/price was ok. Overall mediocre.
3	Ordered the crayfish, shrimp, sausage, and rice. The crayfish were small and I mean small, there were barely anything left on it to eat. The shrimp was good. The sauces weren't to over powering as well.
4	This taste so much better than Boiling Crab. This place has lots of tables and lots of space. Good enough to get down and dirty with your shrimp and crawfish!
3	I came here once early last year with two of my friends and forgot to review.This place was pretty busy, we had to wait for like 35min although we arrived at around 6pm. The service was alright, they didn't fill up our water unless we asked for a few times.The food tasted okay, not as good as the ones I've tried in the bay area. I would try other Cajun style restaurant in LV area the next time when I visit to compare.We asked them to call a cab for us when we left, they seemed annoyed by calling one for us; we waited for another 20min for the cab to arrive.
5	Absolutely amazing.  My girl and I started it off with a couple of beers and the catfish nuggets.   I got the pound of crawfish the hottest level and devoured it all. Our server was amazed!  Soaked the rest of the catfish nuggets with the Hell Blazing crawfish juice to finish it off.  Despite the 3 blisters on my lip I obtained from my meal this place is amazing. I cannot wait to go back !!!
3	I wanted to love this place and think it deserves a second chance-possibly at the other location? Or maybe during off hours?Came here on a Saturday night around 5:30-it wasn't too terribly busy, but based on the amount of time it took someone to acknowledge our presence while we loitered by the register led me to believe other wise. The waitress who seated us ended up being our waitress for the evening and while she was nice, service was so slow-almost unbearably so.I ordered the garlic butter shrimp (mild) and my mom got the hot 'n juicy special crawfish (hot) Prices were great (we got lucky, I think at only 9.99/pound) and I took down almost all of the shrimp by myself. My mom really enjoyed her crawfish and she loves spicy, but I think she was really challenged to finish it. Half way through her nose was running and she wanted to dump the ice water on her face. My mom polished off my last few shrimp because she was still hungry after her crawfish BUT she didn't take my advice and eat the rice with the leftover sauce in the bag, which I definitely recommend. That sauce! With the rice it was like having a nice little stew with great, concentrated flavor. Beware: there appears to be garlic in everything and my mom and I are still suffering the after effects. Seriously, invest in a tongue scraper and use it after brushing your teeth that night! There's THAT much garlic, but I loved it. This place is meat and carb central and there is not one vegetable on the menu. No you guys, potatoes and corn don't count. I didn't mind that because I felt like I got my money's worth food wise, but wouldn't hold it against them if they added some steamed broccoli or something to the menu.Also, it's very, very messy eating. So don't come here on a first date unless you a) don't mind eating like a caveman in front of someone else and b) don't mind someone else eating like a caveman in front of you. Ladies, bring a hair tie because there's nothing more distracting than tossing your hair out of your face every few minutes! I would even suggest wearing clothes that you may not care about because while they give you a generously large bib and gloves, there's no guarantee that some of those delicious sauces and juice won't go flying on your clothes in an eating frenzy. The attire is very casual though-so much so that I didn't feel bad about wearing pocketed sweatpants.I did think the lack of continuity in service did warrant knocking off two stars. I watched as people came in and were left unattended for extended periods of time and it was incredibly awkward. Seriously-hire a hostess for busy nights! By the time we left, the place was packed and there was a crowd of people hovering in the door way like vagrants-there was just no system!I would absolutely come back as I enjoyed the food but will not expect much in terms of service.
5	It was great. Went to eat crawfish and got my fill! Crawfish were good, service was outstanding and friendly. Matt was knowledgable and made good suggestions. Ate 4at Lbs, each different combos of spice and sauces. My favorite was, Louisiana Style Spicy. I thought the medium wasn't spicy enough and didn't try the Extra Spicy. Each 2nd pound comes with free piece of corn and potato. I would highly recommend!
1	Came to Vegas for hot n juicy.. No more crawfish really..? WTF..
5	This is my favorite place in Vegas! I get the hot n juicy medium for a sauce, and I crave it days after eating. The staff is friendly, the food amazing and interactive. I always take visitors here for a great time! But you smell like garlic all day, so make sure you don't have any important meetings later on. Or even if you do, totally worth it!
4	The hot and juicy sauce mild with any of the shrimp or craw fish, mild is spicy enough! The spice index here is much higher than other Cajun places. You will be eating with your hands so wash'em before and after!  The only thing that bothers me is the amount of trash this place generates per table . And also they use styrophome.
4	I went to Hot N Juicy last night. This was my second visit. We ordered Lobster, 1 lb. of Crawfish, and 1 lb. of shrimp. I love this place. It has a fun atmosphere, the new location at Valley View and Arville is far more comfortable than the original one and has a nice overall feel to it. I don't eat much lobster, but the person accompanying me said it was very good. It was certainly a large, fresh lobster. We were told it was just over one and a half pounds. The crawfish were amazing, but mostly small ones, The bigger ones are easier to eat and taste better. The sauce is the best. Shrimp were absolutely delicious as all. Prices were reasonable, especially since we were there for Mardi Gras and they were giving away beers with dinner. The service is friendly and the staff is works hard to please the customers. If I had one negative comment, it is that the waitress who took our order wasn't very knowledgeable about the menu. Maybe she was new, but as we asked her more questions about the menu, it was later revealed that she didn't like seafood, so that explained a lot.
4	As usual, Hot and Juicy never disappoints! The fun foodie goodness of wonderfully marinated crustaceans in my mouth was just heaven! I satisfied my shrimp craving with a nice 1 lb bag of the Hot and Juicy House sauce at little less than mild spice. Mmmm...perfect spice to it. At least for me. Hot and Juicy certainly does not hold back on the hot. When they say hot. They mean HOT. So I usually try to keep my spice to a perfect level so I can enjoy the taste and goodness of the shrimp and marinate, and to avoid any horrible encounters with the bathroom! (YIKES......) I must warn, the cajun fries are awesome, and ADDICTING, but beware. They are very spicy with a crazy cajun kick to it. It'll surely knock your taste buds out with a left and right hook! I also ordered the oysters here just so I can see how big and fresh they are compared to other seafood places that offer oysters. $8.99  for half a dozen and I think I find myself feeling neutral. Of course you can't go wrong with oysters, and their specialty cajun cocktail sauce that goes with it was really spicy and different! However, when eating oysters (especially since oysters are a "love em or you don't" kind of thing) I like eating and tasting them as certain way. So, I passed on the cocktail sauce. Size wise, they are average and of decent size to be satisfied so I can't complain.Service? A little confused on that...I had one lady give me my check and then a different lady grab my check. The original server that took my order, however, hadn't really checked up on us even when she passed us frequently. However, another girl did come towards the last half of my meal to check up on us frequently. So either these two girls were battling for the table, or they are all just one big happy family that helps each other out!
2	maybe its unfair because in compairing this place to boiling crab in so cal.. but this place wasn't good at all..
5	I can never say no to crawfish :) We were in town to celebrate our three year anniversary. My brother is normally not a crawfish fan so I kinda had to drag him here and offer to pay :) but he usually goes with shrimp and blue crab. We ordered a dozen oysters to start off with. That was delicious! 1 pound shrimp, 1 pound crawfish and 1 pound blue crab later licking my fingers with burning lips ends off a good dinner. I love the lemon pepper sauce! We ordered two sides of corn and my corn was soaked in the lemon pepper sauce until the end of the meal finishing it like it wa my dessert :) I usually do not like spicy food but here I got with a medium for a kick. Which to me is spicy but probably to others is not spicy at all! I go and eat at Hot n Juicy every time I am in town. I wish they had one in Salt Lake! I probably would go everyday. lol. We did have to wait about half hour on a Friday night. All the servers help each other out which you don't see often at restaurants. They work as a team and that is amazing. There are two locations in Vegas so if you cant wait at one go to the other to see if there is a wait.
3	Came here last week in the evening decided to get off of the strip. Ok so my first thoughts when I entered was GHETTO but I had heard the crab was THE BOMB. Catfish was delicious and when they say the sauce is spicy they are NOT PLAYIN!! I had the Soft Shell Crab it was tasty. The Hawaiian sweet rolls were crusty hard, HELLO that is not how they are supposed to be served.Do not expect tremendous amazing service it was very casual and they were young and busy and seem to just want to make sure you got your beverages and order and that was IT! I think their clientele isn't necessarily looking for more so I get the feeling that is why they don't try harder.My advice if you are a local order take out. If you are a visitor take heed.Respectfully Reviewed
5	I think I may have shed a tear on the flight home! This place was unbelievably good. I had seen HNJ profiled on Man vs. Food. So when my friend and I were in Vegas last week, we just had to try it. I didn't realize that there were 2 locations. We asked the taxi driver to take us to the original location but he didn't.  I was a bit disappointed. As soon as we were seated, that disappointment disappeared.. The table is covered in a big piece of plastic, roll of paper towels, and menus. Makes for easy cleanup. Trust me on that...Catlin was our server and she was the sweetest, nicest person ever! I had never had Crawfish before, she explained the menu, the process, and how to eat them to us. They serve most of the seafood by the pound with the exception of the shrimp, you can get them in half pound. You pick the seasoning (Louisiana Style , Juicy Cajun , Garlic Butter, Lemon Pepper , Hot N Juicy Special(which is a combo of all of the seasonings)), then you order a spice level (I am a total spice whore, the hotter the better). They offered mild, medium, spicy and extra spicy. They serve it in a steaming bag that is opened on the table for you to enjoy. Catlin suggested that we go with the medium as it was hot and it builds as you eat. She said to try it and if we wanted it hotter we could order something else. We started out by ordering a pound of Crawfish cooked in the HNJ special seasoning with medium spice. OMG I cannot begin to tell you how good this was. The flavor makes my mouth water as I am typing this. The medium spice was perfect and was hotter than most mediums you have probably eaten. It was so good we ordered rolls to dip into the leftover sauce. And then the debauchery began.. Once we were about half way thru we decided to order the snow crab legs in the same flavor and spice level. Chunks of garlic on the crablegs....it was heaven.Oh no, I am not finished...we then ordered 10 fried shrimp. These shrimp were butterflied, cooked in a catfish type batter. We also ordered the Cajun fries (which we couldn't even finish) but all of it was the best seafood I think I have ever had. Needless to say our table was strewn with shells, bags and lots of paper towels (yes us girls got our chow on, somethin fierce!) the whole bill came to under 60 dollars (including beers with dinner). If you are in Las Vegas GO, RUN!! to Hot and Juicy. You will not regret it! Had we had a little more time we would have went again before our flight on Friday. Next time were driving so we can take a cooler to bring back to Phoenix with us. Basically you can reheat the bags in boiling water and they will be just as good as if you were sitting at the table in Vegas.
3	Ughhhh!!!! Ok so it waS a spicy tasty MESS! I made my own 15 layer napkin plate other wise I'd be eating off of a trash bag feel one time use table cloth! N as you can c in my pics the food comes out in these clear plastic bags plus theyre just tied up n labeled w post-it notes. Presentation was not appetizing. It felt awkward tryna grub without the normal plate setting... Damn, i was majorly Turned off thinking this restaurant's cheap n not only that, they did not have crawfish(majorly disappointing) Food was flavorful spicy good but nothing I'd get messy again for.
4	get the king crab legs. their sauce is a crazy combination of cajun and jerk. super spicy and delicious.
5	I went for dinner with my friend, and oh so happens that they were filming for the cooking channel. I don't if that might have been part of the reason why service and food was extra special, but I was SAT-IS-FIED! My shrimp was ten times bigger that day, and the staff, although changing frequently from person to person, was very accommodating to our many needs. They were super busy, but they didn't hesitate to make runs back and forth for our lemon and pepper, and refills. Thanks hot and juicy!
1	O-VER-RA-TED! Un-freakin-believable. Went last week for an early dinner to beat the crowd. Took forever to even place the order, but okay at least we're seated. The waitress comes over (Asian chic) asking what we wanna order, speaking so fast (like an auctioneer). Clearly she's in a hurry. we order our food and it comes out fairly quickly. Shrimp... then crab.... some fried catfish.... then a sudden halt. Where's the crawfish? Asked a waitress to check on it after waiting at least 15 minutes. She said "they're working on it, it should be right out." 10 minutes later, still nothing. Ask another server - "it's on the ticket so it should be on the way." ANOTHER 15 minutes and at this point we don't even want it anymore. I mean seriously, it took us less time to wait to order and eat everything, and still no crawfish. We ask if we can cancel the order since it's taken WAY too long. Great no problem... then the bill comes and they still charge for the crawfish! Ayuh! Wave one down again and they take it off - no apology... nothing.As far as the taste - it's not all that. If ya'll are from So. Cal, don't waste your time here. Go to Boiling Crab in L.A.  Save your time and money for the craps table - at least you'll have a fighting chance. This was a lose/lose situation.Hot n Juicy Crawfish? I wouldn't know... it never came!
5	Ohh man that was awsome... The hot n juicy mild shrimp was good!!
4	I like it!! best place in town for low carb diner. Inexpensive, very casual. Expect to wait for a table at diner time.
4	My friends Chris, Lee and Favi took me here for a bon voyage dinner.  We chose this because parking is easier and wait isn't as long.  I'll cut to the chase on this review.  Service was good and attentive.  When you have to call for a server, they're right there immediately.  The shrimp and crabs were cooked to perfection as always.  The only reason why I gave it a lower star is because the sauces tasted different.  We ordered mild spice on the sauce but it tasted like it was prepared medium.  Not sure if this is the server's but I could barely taste my food because it was too spicy for me.  Overall, I'll keep coming back just because it's part of Vegas and the shellfishes are always cooked right.  I'll just have to make sure to order sauce that is less than mild... maybe they'll do it light for me.  ;)
4	I had been fighting coming here for over a year due to the whole Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives episode hype.  I knew that it would be tough to get a table but I finally gave in and thank God I did.  We stopped by the other location first, looked like an hour wait at 6PM, crazy.  Drove a mile down the street and got the last table at this location which was lucky because after us there was a 20-30 minute wait.  Ordered some shrimp ($10/lb) and dungeness crab ($15/lb).  The shrimp was awesome, serious flavor...make sure you dip them back in the sauce after you shuck them.  A single dungeness crab was $20 and not worth it.  I'll stick to the shrimp next time.  You will definitely want to wear the bib and also some eye protection.  I shot hot 'n juicy sauce in my eye, that sucked.  The food is great and I will definitely be coming back...
4	Went here today and the crawfish were not only in season but HnJ definitely flew them in and hooked it up out here in the desert! The restaurant was its usual busy 90% occupied with parking hard to find in this Valley View & Spring Mountain plaza. My friends ate the crawfish and they were ginormous!  The shrimp were also huge as I took an extra pound home. Hot n Juicy mild sauce was on point. The catfish and calamari were okay but this is to be expected from battered deep fried seafood. I honestly believe these guys are about equal to Cajun Crawfish as well as Boiling Crab. The sauce at this location has a little more taste than the others but they are close to equal.
4	I'd be lying if I told you I was excited to try Hot N Juicy. My Vegas friends were going on about it and I'm sort of a Cajun snob when it comes to this type of food. Whenever anyone mentions seafood in a bag in the back of my head I'm rolling my eyes thinking "Psh, this is gonna taste like shit compared to Boiling/Kickin Crab." Okay I was wrong. The seafood was fresh and the flavor of the Hot N Juicy sauce was fiiiire (bomb AND super spicy). I got spicy because I usually get spicy at boiling/kickin and it was a bit much so I recommend getting medium. The fries were definitely not the business.... And the corn was a bit soggy... BUT ONE THING I HIGHLY RECOMMEND and will def come back for: ettouffe. It isn't necessarily gumbo but it's similar to it just less soupy...  omg seriously so fucking delicious. DROOL.
4	This place burned a hole in my stomach. I'm not kidding. I went to the doctor, and I was on prescription-strength antacids for nearly a month. BUT IT WAS WORTH IT!Here's the deal: you buy a bag of seafood, pick your sauce, and they dump it on the table. We got 1 lb. of shrimp and 2 lbs of crawfish, as per our server's recommendation -- and it was WAY too much for 2 hefty, hefty eaters. The shrimp, especially. Ye gods. Now, don't get me wrong, it was delicious, but there is a lot of meat on each plump and tender morsel.My favorite was the crawfish, with their signature sauce. It's incredibly flavorful, and the red potato and corn can't be beat. You pick it apart with your bare hands. My fingertips got bath-tub wrinkled. How primal. Yes, you can ask for gloves. Yes, you're less of a (wo)man for doing so. Anyway, well worth a quick cab or car ride from the strip, not too expensive for what you get, cute waitresses. And you get a calendar. Bravo!
5	This review is dedicated to Thomas O. (1 of 5- high five!):I grew up in New Orleans, so crawfish is something I have grown up eating. Since moving away in 1998, I have been searching for some decent Cajun food, and an authentic crawfish boil is no exception. So on my most recent trip to Vegas, I knew I had to stop by Hot N Juicy Crawfish. The name alone warrants a visit to the place! Right when we landed, we headed to HNJC, we didn't even check into our hotel! The wait was a brief 20 minutes. I ordered 2 pounds of crawfish in the special sauce-- medium spicy (I think it was a level 8 of 10). I thought I could handle it. After all, I am Asian and from New Orleans- a lethal combo, duh! In 10 minutes, my crawfish arrived hot and steaming in my own personal bag. I burned my fingers trying to peel the first couple of crawfish, but I could not wait. The garlic juices were running down my fingers-- thank goodness for my bib. The size was smaller than what I am used to seeing, but the Cajun flavor I was craving was present and the spice was just perfect. ok, I couldn't take it. It was sooooo hot! But honey badger don't care. I kept burning my fingers, burning my mouth, and eventually, burning my stomach. Will I go again? Hell yeah.
4	I love love love Hot n Juicy Crawfish food. I am so addicted to their signature sauce in "spicy". I am really put off by the club music though.  This prompts me to take my order to go. Ideally some blues would compliment the fare or old R&B. I would rather listen to death metal than trendy club music.  For food that has so much soul the ambiance should compliment it.
5	I like this place! Nice complex flavors and damn spicy too. The wait staff were second to none.. I didn't think I was in a chain.
2	Went for a 2lb. lunch yesterday just to 'check in' on the classic. I went in with an open mind, but my suspicions were right:The most inconsistently-sized shrimp and crawfish of it's kind in Vegas. If you order a bag of shrimp here you WILL get some tiny runts, and over half of my shrimp's heads had fallen off by themselves in the bag, a telltale sign of non-freshness. And, this place serves up consistently stingy portions - I'm convinced that they weigh the sauce when they weigh your 1lb. bag of food. The sauce is not as good as I remember, and though I have fond memories of this chain from years past, I feel like Hot N Juicy has become the Pho Kim Long / Lotus Of Siam of seafood-in-a-bag joints. Popular because of public relations, not because the food is great. Hot N Juicy's food is no longer made with love. You get a sense that the bottom line is king here. More profits = more PR budget = more TV exposure = more first-time customers = more profits. Sad. One day Robin Leach will be Hot N Juicy's only customer, and he'll expect to eat for free, because that's how he rolls.So, where to go for cajun seafood-in-a-bag?Cravin' Cajun is SO much more consistent, the crawfish are huge and the shrimp are ALL 10-15 count (and you get 16-20 in a 1lb. bag!). All of your shrimp heads will be intact, and the sauce at Cravin' Cajun is straight-up tastier. Please, if you only have time for one of these joints, try Cravin' Cajun. If you have time for two, try Hot N Juicy so you can make your own judgement. If you can't already tell, I am passionate about this subject.
2	Ok. I have been to every claw fish place in Vegas already. The food in this place is really really.... Soso. Our host lady was very very nice but after that everything just start going down.. The claw fish was very very small and flavor was not there too. Service was slow.. Sorry to say but I like the oraginal hot and juicy way better then this one...
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome!Flavorfull beyond belief. Highly recommend the spicey crawfish and the catfish. I had to push the fries away to stop eating them!  Check this place out soon!!!!
4	in a word...awesome!!  wasn't expecting this to be as good as it was.  exceeded all expectations.  highly recommended for those that love spicy, cajun-style seafood!
5	one of my favorite places! I love ordering cajun fries and the sweet potato fries are a good addition too! I believe everyone should try this! ;)
3	So im sure they hate being compared to boiling crab but since I was originally told it was better, I had high expectations. The one person in the group who hadnt been to BC loved it. The whole shebang at bc is definitely better/more garlicky than the hnj. Crawfish at BC was much much better than here. The shrimp is about the same. Mussels were just ok here, sausage was kinda dry, the crab was pretty good. Their louisana sauce was pretty watery but my friend liked it. The fresh oysters were also pretty good.service - really inattentive. We had to ask multiple times for things like water, missing sides, and to clean up a huge pile of plates we stacked up to be cleared for our second round of ordering. And this was with the restaurant less than half full!
3	Went here with my Southern family who were visiting from the South. We were HUNGRY, and thought this would really do the trick. The wait to be seated was a bit much since it is a tiny restaurant, the waitress who seated us seemed bothered. However, our original waitress was on point and very friendly. The seafood in the bag all tasted the same no matter what you ordered. It was ok, but I bet I could find better.
5	Closest thing to New Orleans!
4	Shrimp-licious - Big, Plump & Juicy! Be prepared to get down and dirty as you feast on bags of hot & juicy seafood. You're in finger lickin' territory! Oh and the sweet potato fries are fried to perfection! Be sure to order them. Nothing you order will go untouched.Onto the service... They were busy & our service was poor. They messed up the order once and didn't come out with our fries until we were about done with the shrimp. Bathrooms needed attending to as well.If service was on point, this would def be a 5 star.
4	My first time at Hot and Juicy was mostly great. The Hot and Juicy sauce is incredible, and the corn soaked in that sauce may be the best corn I have ever had. I had 2lbs of crawfish and in medium Hot and Juicy sauce. Really liked it, though would probably go with shrimp to it is easier to eat next time. My wife and oldest loved the crab and shrimp they had in garlic butter. My two younger kids were not as impressed. First, my son's fried shrimp (not the most complicated order) got lost, not once but twice. He got his food nearly 30 minutes after we had gotten ours. Also, my youngest really had a hard time finding something she really liked. It was ok for kids, but probably a better place for adults. Overall, very great place to spend Father's Day with my family and our friends and their kids. But communication between servers and kitchen needs to be better. The food came out very inconsistently for all of us over a 10-minute period, let alone the completely unacceptable handling of my son's meal.
5	This place is awesome! The food is delicious!  Crawfish with lemon pepper seasoning is the best! Justin was a funny a great server.  I would recommend eating at this place if you love seafood
4	What a perfect name for this place. Hot N Juicy, exactly how everything is. We got the crawfish, whole shrimp and sausage all in the HNJ Special (combination of all the different flavor) seasoning, Fired Catfish basket and Etoufee. All were seasoned and cooked perfectly. There was nothing left when we were done. Great wait staff, they explained the menu well learning we were first time customer. Oh yeah, don't forget to put on your bibs.
2	Landed in Vegas and went straight to Hot n Juicy Crawfish.. We ordered one lb shrimp with Hot n Juicy Special Mild and a shrimp basket, which had 10 shrimps but no fries. We ordered a side of Cajun fries since the boyfriend doesn't like sweet potato fries. Overall, the food wasn't as spectacular a I hoped it would be. Maybe I'm a bit biased since we go to Boiling Crab in the Bay Area. The sauce reminded me of a lemon butter sauce with a hint of curry. Even though we ordered mild, it was still spicy. The Cajun fries were just regular potato fries and a bunch of Cajun powder dumped on top. Made the top fries spicy and the bottom fries bland. The shrimp had too much batter and difficult to chew. But the service and music are pretty good. Plus two stars for that.
5	We really enjoyed our meal here!  We had the clams, shrimp, fried catfish and a few other items.  Every thing from the boils is served in a plastic bag.  In my opinion, the spicier the better.  Don't wear white if you're coming to eat here.  You're gonna get messy.
3	Went to eat here for a friends birthday. The place was fun, service as fast and if you like seafood its has huge portions. Even the catfish was cooked perfectly. The only thing that sucked was that they didn't splite the checks correctly and we ended up over paying because they wouldn't fix it since we were a big party. Not a big place so make reservations.
4	My first crawfish experience and it was so much fun!  Initially we went to the other location but the wait was too long, so they directed us to this location.  We waited maybe 5 more mins and then were seated.The menu offers a variety of seafood in different flavors and spices.  We ordered the crawfish in Hot and Juicy flavor in a medium spicy level and shrimp in the Lemon Pepper flavor, also a medium spicy level and two pieces of corn.  The food came out quickly and we put on our bibs and got to cracking.  I've never eaten a crawfish before so it was interesting.  It seems like a lot of work for not so much to eat.  But it was fun nonetheless.  After awhile, the spices got too spicy for me (on a medium level).  Of the two flavors, I definitely like the lemon pepper better.  But the best part of the meal...the corn!!
5	I absolutely love this place! I've been here many times and it's always a great experience. Love the food, love the ambience, love the service. Our server, Lexi, is great and full of awesomeness. Ask her for a "Freeze Five" the next time she is your server!
4	My husband really wanted to try this place on our trip to Vegas, and on our way to the original location (on the same road), we saw this one. Thinking our GPS was wrong, we pulled in. No matter as it was just an additional location. Not wanting to eat alot of food, we ordered a pound of crawfish ($10), a pound of snow crab legs ($16), a corn on the cob and half dozen andouille sausage ($3). Service was attentive (by multiple people) and one of the employees showed us how to peel/eat the crawfish. The sauce we chose for the food was garlic butter and it was fantastic. The seafood was tender and flavorful. My hands still smelled like the seasonings after many hand washings. Guess we should have used gloves. Including a beer and soda, the bill was $34 and well worth every bite and broken shell.
5	I love crawfish and coming from the Midwest you don't get to experience real delicious crawfish. Hot N Juicy was reccommended by a few friends that found this gem while visiting Vegas and being a big seafood lover I said it was a must.So glad I tried it! We ordered 3lbs of *spicy* seasoned crawfish, spicy sausage, and white rice. They weren't kidding when they said SPICY. My nose was running and my eyes were tearing up, but I kept eating because it became an addiction to me. That hot n juicy of it was so powerful I couldn't let go.We had great service, all 3 of the employees that serve was were friendly.I wish we had a HOT N JUICY in CHICAGO! Yummmm!
2	We finally tried Hot N Juicy last week. We went to the newer location, which is also closer to the strip (Spring Mtn/Valley View vs. Decatur), and slightly less crowded. We were treating my husband's cousin to her birthday dinner. It was her pick, she's been before and enjoys it. She ordered a pound of snow crab (hot & spicy, mild) Dungeness crab is seasonal, supposedly it was in season, but they were out, so we got a pound of snow crab + corn (garlic butter, extra spicy) and crawfish (hot & juicy special, extra spicy). It was my first time eating crawfish whole, I love the tails, but it's so not worth the work or price. $9.99/lb and not even 1/4lb was edible. The snow crab wasn't meaty at all. It made us long for San Francisco or NOLA for that matter. We also had cajun and sweet potato fries. I usually love sweet potato fries but these were limp and bland. We did like the cajun fries they were the spiciest thing we ate. Service was bad. It was a bad beat. $70 later, we were still hungry. Worse yet, our clothes stunk to high heavens afterwards, and the following day we could not get enough to drink. Holy sodium, Batman.
3	After eating at both locations, the location near Decatur is much tastier, more flavorful, but it is smaller so the wait may be a little longer. However, this location is larger, it seems louder, but the food is not done as well as the original location.
3	Such a disappointment after being a regular at Boiling Crab... The staff were all good looking though. =D
4	This place is a must!!!!!However, go to Costco or Sams Club first to get a huge package of gum and mints.  You will be keeping all vampires and trampires (K-Stew) away for at least a few days......1 Ambiance - 4 star - for an asian strip mall, where you expect nothing, you get a nice, large place, high ceilings, decent decor, room to wait and plenty of table and chairs. You are in a busy area, so parking is easy / not easy.  It is crowded.2.  Service - 5 star - Everyone here is young and very pleasant. I think that people here enjoy working here, enjoy explaining the in and out of what to do and how to order. I really enjoy the staff here. 3  Food - 5 star - Wow, amazing, tasty and an experience that adds to the overall feeling.a.  Shrimp - Large, tender, juicy, filling, easy to peel.b.  Crawfish - Well, they are crawfish, eat the tail only, a small bit of meat and tasty, just a lot of work to get to the tiny morsel of meat...c.  They have plenty of other choices, blue crab, snow crab, dungeness, lobster, mussels and more.  I just stuck to shrimp and crawfish.d.  Sauces - We try the Lemon Pepper and the Hot Juicy in mild and medium. Yummy and not too hot.  e.  Quantity - Easy to order more, generally 1 lb of shrimp per person at least and 2 lb of crawfish per person.  you get a potato and corn with 2 lb order of the crawfish!  Doesn't seem like enticing, however, when you are burning calories just to eat, to chow down on a marinated corn or potato is nice and different.4.  Price - All are market price, however, for three of us eating about 7 - 8 lb of food, I generally spend about 30.00 per person, which is a good deal for seafood.  5.  Toilets - OK, this place must be owned by an asian person because the toilets need to be modernized or cleaned...  Hey, we are going here for the toilets though......GK says, great place.  Check it out.
5	located in a strip mall in las vegas chinatown. so delicious!!waiters were super helpful w recommendations and service. service was great and restaurant was clean. came on a tues afternoon for lunch. we were immediately seated and ordered drinks.we got 2lb of hot and juicy spiced crawfish mild ( which was actually medium spicy. just as the waiter warned us), a 1.4 lb garlic butter med spicy lobster, and a pound of lemon pepper mild spiced shrimp  ( also rec by waiter... and im so glad we got it). fyi all came heads and shells on in plastic bags so it gets messy... but there is a roll of paper towels at your table. so worth the stains i made on my dress .., thats why they invented shout spray! we also got 3 pieces of corn and a potato and a bowl of rice. oh man crawfish+ rice = amazeballs!!saw a couple eating the crawfish with plastic gloves on... uh isnt half the fun getting all up in the shellfish and licking the juice off?? wished i lived in vegas if only to eat here! everything was on point and fresh.
2	Food was great as always. But I had a huge problem with the waitress Kayla. She  never came by the table to refill my wife's drink or ask if I wanted another beer. She was easily the worst waitress I've ever had. She was extremely rude and I will not be back to this location due to her incompetence.
4	I absolutely love this place.  Always come here when I'm in Vegas.  I never visit the LA location though...I like this place better then boiling crab because it's WAY less oily and the flavor is more intense. 1 bad thing is that they are always out of blue crab and dungeness crab by late afternoon.  I always get at least 2 lbs of crawfish, HOT N'Juicy special (do not say whole shabang, the staff doesn't like that) Xtra Spicy... and I mean I like things spicy but they can never get it to where my nose is watering and my mouth is on fire... I guess thats better for my ulcer.Staff works as a team and they are usually really good about refills and getting your order out to you quickly.  I always need to be near a bathroom 1-3 hrs after eating at Hot N Juicy though... if ya know what I mean...
4	I craved Boiling Crab but this is a good alternative when in Vegas. Not as good as boiling crab in LA. Corn is too soft. The pound of shrimp didn't have a lot of sauce, which equates to less drenchness of savory dee-lish. 1 pound gives about 20 shrimps. Dry. Everything is at market price, makes sense since this is the desert. Fun for big groups and party. I would go here as both a local or someone not wanting to eat buffets on the Strip.
4	Only eat crawfish and oysters with a month with an "R" in it and when you get your "R" go here!  Went here completely on a yelp review and glad I did.  Grab the crawfish and don't wear your best white shirt cuz you'll be rubbing your hair in the Hot n Juicy sauce b4 you're done.  They got it down and are expanding watch this one explode!!!!
4	To top off an eventful Vegas weekend, we decided to come to Hot N Juicy and see how they do cajun seafood in Sin City. To my surprise, this location was not very packed on a Sunday afternoon, and there was plenty of seating, even for our group of 12.The best bang for your buck at places like this is shrimp. When you get crawfish, you're throwing half of your money away because you can only eat the tail. Not worth it. I got a pound of Hot N Juicy Special Shrimp, Medium Spicy with a side of corn. The shrimp here are a hefty size (I'd say size 16/20) and the sauce is outstanding. I tend to stay away from spicy food, but even Medium was just the right level. If you get mild, the spice is nonexistent. A good combination of flavors that matches the shrimp well. The employees are all very friendly and highly efficient. Our orders came out within 10 min and water was constantly refilled. Our waitress, Loreal (Never heard that name before, but that's what my friend said was on her name tag), did a fantastic job with our large group, and managed to throw in a few jokes here and there. It's hard to find real down to earth wait staff these days, but she's an exception. Overall, I was left stuffed, barely able to walk, and very satisfied. Best of all, there was no London Blitz to follow it, if you know what I mean.
4	Great ambiance and great food.  Staff is a little obnoxious...i can get over that for the awesomness of the food.
3	i noticed that the prices went up. the oysters are always fresh. the shrimp and the spices are yummy and full of flavor. sometimes when i'm feeling extravagant i get the king crab legs. sometimes the king crab legs aren't always fresh and they're rubbery. but the shrimp and crawfish are on point. sweet potato fries are the bomb as well as the corn soaked in the sauce. mm! but you'll smell like garlic for the next couple of days. that's not necessarily a bad thing though.
5	I'm not sure if I get more excited about any other restaurant in Las Vegas, than I do for Hot N Juicy!  This place is amazing!  You can't be a prissy girl and eat at Hot N Juicy.  You are going to get your hands filthy in the most amazing sauces ever, you will not have silverware or even a plate, but rather a plastic table cloth- and you will smell as though you bathed in the garlicky goodness that is the Hot N Juicy sauce!  I live and breathe for the Hot N Juicy Special- SPICY Snow Crab Legs!! They are my true guilty pleasure!! I always get at least a pound or two and a side of Cajun Fries with extra seasoning, and wash it all down with their super inexpensive beers in a frosty mug.  I would, and could eat here at least once a week and never get sick of it.  They have a large variety of seafood (and chicken!) so there is something for everyone..
3	It was a fun experience, I'm not sure if I'd go back because seafood isn't really my thing. Service was alright but had to keep waiting for a water!
4	Once again my husband requested Hot N Juicy for dinner. I willfully agreed as I was wanting seafood as well. We called the original location... 25 min wait, called here...no wait, so of course we came here. Bigger location then the original, thus more seating and people. We had both the crab and shrimp. As always, taste is excellent. I make it a point to come in late and on a day when I know the next day I will not be out of the house because it will take at least 2 showers and 20 hand washings to get the scent out of your body. Don't get me wrong the taste is well worth it!The onle pet peeve that I had was that once again the waitress we had we practically had to chase down to get what we needed.I know that it gets busy, but having to flag them down sucks. Kinda makes you not want to order more and just ask for the check. I think next time, we will wait for a table at the original location..
2	ok..if you DO NOT like seafood, DO NOT go here..It smells....It's like watching people who have never seen food before..EVERYTHING IS WITH YOUR HANDS..SUPER MESSY!ALL their food INCLUDING the cheese sticks and corn on the cobb are MADE IN SEAFOOD spices!!! YES including the kids chicken nuggets..it ALL tastes like FISH!!I left there and my entire outfit smelled of fish/seafood/crawfish/shrimp/crabs...and my hair...ugg took me 2 days to get the smell gone...My family enjoyed the food, portions seemed reasonable...but again IF YOU DO NOT LIKE SEAFOOD, the look, the smell or the taste..DO NOT GO THERE!!!!!!!!I do have to point out..my waiter was awesome and apologized...told me where I could get chicken and bring it in the restaurant, but the smell killed my appetite..that's ok..I don't need to eat anyways!
5	I used to look forward to Boiling Crab before I tried this. Now it's 1 of go to spots whenever I'm in Vegas. The sauce just seems way better.
5	Just had dinner here last night w/ the gals!!!!  Awesome as always and we had some newbies w/ us & got them hooked. Already hungry again and planning our next visit!!!!
5	The food here is always AMAZING.  You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu.  The seafood is always fresh, reasonably priced, and prepared perfectly, in a sauce tailored to your specific taste in terms of just how hot n spicy you want it.  In addition, the staff is incredible.  Always friendly, always helpful.  Although I am a frequent customer, and all my servers are always super professional, last night Servers MATT and ALEX totally went over the top in customer service.  Of course, their service during the meal was perfect, but also, when I came back 30 minutes after having left, looking for something valuable that I had left behind, sure enough, MATT and ALEX were there ensuring that my valuables were perfectly safeguarded.  And, not even a drop of Hot N Juicy Sauce got on them.  GREAT JOB MATT AND ALEX.  And THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!
5	We have eaten at both restaurants on Spring Mountain. We liked the larger restaurant better, but both are great. The shrimp was of high quality, and tasted great.  The off the strip restaurants are worth the trip. More economical and better food!  We will be back!
3	The Portions on shrimp appeared a little skimped this time around, or it may be cc and be are giving bigger portions. Overall, it's as expected.
4	READ FIRST: DO NOT get the crawfish! I know It's a bit ironic, but they are TINY and can barely get anything out of them.Now onto the review. I visited the original place in LV a while back and thought the place was decent. Well, this location gives the whole concept a nice face lift with a spacious and casual dining room and a cool-looking bar you can seat at if you are by yourself. Being a saucy peel-and-eat seafood place, please expect a messy experience...and table, and hands, bib, etc. This is a unique eating experience to be shared with friends over a few beers, as long as everyone at the table is willing to work a bit for their food (peeling can be tedious).I ordered the lemon pepper shrimp with no oil (I was actually impressed the cooks prepared my order fat-free) and my girl ordered the butter garlic crawfish. The seasoning was very good but a bit spicy, specially if you are not into spicy foods at all. My pound of shrimp was very flavorful and each shrimp was plump and perfectly cooked. On the other hand, the pound of crawfish was awful- tiny crawfish with little or no meat in them...A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. I cannot say this enough...JUST GET THE SHRIMP!Important tips:* Be ready for a messy experience. If you do not like eating with your hands and perhaps getting splashed with shrimp sauce, this place is not for you.* Get the shrimp and not the crawfish. Also, get two pounds of it if you are hungry.* They charge 60 cents for a tiny potato! You are better off getting some rice on the side.* Expect to spend about $15 per person.* Even no spicy IS a bit spicy.
2	after trying boiling crab in LA.. we decided to try hot n juicy since it seems some what similar.. parking is easy since there is a big parking lot.. order few lbs of shrimp, few lbs of Crawfish, sweet potato fries, fried catfish... for the shrimp and Crawfish we had half of it with the garlic butter sauce and the other half with hot n juicy special sauce.. to me the food is below average..  the flavors here is just OK.. only order i really enjoyed was just the fried cat fish..i probably would not come back here if i were to return and visit Vegas..
3	if you want seafood with lots of spices/flavor then this is your place. my friend and my brother both raved about it but honestly it might have been all the work that sucked all the life out of me. its great if i lived there but i prefer my seafood fried or grilled and not requiring labor. you should go at least once but maybe its the redneck in me that prefers my seafood grilled or fried preferably with a tub of tartar saucethe sides are nothing to shout home about. great service from our polish waitress thoughJEANS: OK by farORDER: by waitress
4	Be ready to get messy, juicy juice on your face, goodness under your finger nails, the list goes on.  In the end, it's worth it.  Just be sure you do not have paper cuts on your hands, you'll definitely get a sting, but it's so good that you ignore it and keep eating.  I read a handful of reviews and aside from the crawfish, many recommended the fried shrimp. Of course it was ordered and they were definitely right.  The cornmeal batter was not piled on the butterflied shrimp so that it's lost.  Another thing too is the batter stuck to the shrimp. It came out piping hot, enjoyed every bit of it.Showtime.  I decided to go with 2 pounds of the crawfish, hot and juicy special sauce and I went with medium spice level.  I asked the server for spicy, but she highly recommended medium because it's rather spicy.  I was hesitant at first since, but fine, I went with it, what do I know. I chose or well, she did, correctly.  The hot and juicy special sauce was full of fresh garlic, delicious!  I ordered a side of rice, piled on the sauce into the rice bowl, highly recommended.  The crawfish was hit or miss.  I say this because some were larger than others, some where cooked right, some were so overcooked, the tail had zippy in it.  Regardless, it was still an experience and worth it.  Twist, suck, pull, chomp.Service was good as busy as this place was.  Beers are cheap, can't complain.  Highly recommended to visit your local Hot N Juicy.  Expect your fingers to smell like sea when you leave, it's definitely worth it.  My paper cuts on my fingers healed the next day, thank you very much.
4	Shrimp were yummy.  Fun place for large groups.  My girlfriend enjoyed the crawfish and clams.  She thought the shrimp were the best.
4	This is a place you must visit! My husband and I tried it for the first time today and are coming back next time we're in the area. We have never had anything like it, it was very messy, but that was half the fun. I suggest the mussels, and snow crab in the garlic sauce, you can get different levels of spicy too which was great. We weren't crazy about the sides but the service was great. Ask for Sarah, she was upbeat, bubbly, and very attentive. Overall we loved it and cant wait to come back!
5	Man I ate everything bomb.com
3	Being from the South I am a HUGE fan of anything Cajun related. Crawfish fall firmly under this heading ergo...Went in on a Saturday night and the place was half full, but filling up fast. Got a great table with enough room so we could peel some crawfish and drink some beer. The place is clean and nice and has a family feel to it, namely because of the large tables for groups. Sat down and immediately ordered crawfish, oysters, mussels and dungeness crab. We also ordered some beer. Their selection is small and disappointing, but if you like domestics and Sapporo you should be okay. Very quickly out come bags of crawfish. They were tiny, but that was sort of okay because I knew that they were out of season. Still you're really paying for a lot of body and very little meat this time of year.I ordered mine very spicy, you can choose how you want them seasoned. I wanted them to burn, which they did. The friend I was with got his mild and they were okay. I'm a huge fan of hot, so. We also got the mussels which were my very, very favorite. I could have just eaten them. They had this nice, garlic-y sauce and were tender and tasty! The oysters weren't tops shelf, I probably would never get them from here again, but put a little cocktail sauce on them and they're edible. Also ordered the dungeness crab. WASTE. DO NOT BUY. It was probably the worst waste of $30 I've ever spent and just thinking about it upsets me. You get a huge crab with big legs and you crack it open and the meat is mealy. You don't pull it out in big, chunky pieces, it actually can be gotten out with a spoon. If the company I had been with wasn't so awesome I would have pitched a FIT. Gross.The service here is pretty sporadic. One minute they're fawning over you, next twenty minutes you're asking where the beer is you've asked for five times. I probably won't ever go back here, but it was nice to see what the (over) hype was about.Edited to add: If you're expecting Louisiana crawfish you will be disappointed, this tastes nothing like it. It's their own made up something that is decent, but NOT cajun. Also, they give you gloves if you don't want  your hands to smell fishy for three days - that was a nice touch.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. The food is amazing and the staff is great. You must try the garlic shrimp. YUMM!!!!!
5	The seafood and dining experience was great!  We ordered the crawfish and snow crab and it came out perfect. We were very impressed. Will definitely come again when we're back in town!Oh and Phil is the shit!! :)
4	Just as good as the original, but larger.  No two-hour wait this time.  Best seafood in Vegas.
4	I was excited to try the Hot n Juicy Crawfish in Vegas and I'm so glad I finally got to. It was definitely worth it!We came on a Sunday night and luckily there was no wait. My friends and I all ordered a lb of shrimp of our own with the hot n juicy sauce. Service was quick and friendly. Our order came out and soon after that, an order of rice was put on our table.. but none of us ordered rice? It turned out that it was their mistake so they gave us the rice portion free of charge. Granted that rice doesn't cost much, but hoorah for friendly service. The shrimp were large in size and the sauce was good. Not too salty or heavy and perfect in flavor. All three of us decided that this was better than Boiling Crab. Definitely worth the 15$ taxi ride there and back to the strip.
4	We did not eat all day...so we went to H&J and had the best spicy shrimp and crawfish!!! Should have ordered the extra spicy...very fast and friendly service
2	I came here a while ago with a group of friends kinda predisposed. I had heard that you need to peel and break everything and that the food is brought in bags and you get stuff all over yourself. This is not my idea of a good time BUT the group I was with had already decided to eat here. We arrived and the place was packed! With this in mind, I decided to go with a basketof chicken nuggets and sample food my husband and friends ordered. I was right, I am not a fan. People in the group ordered several seasonings, lemon pepper, cajun, etc. I found that once you peeled the shrimp, they didn't really taste to anything. i would have preferred the shrimp be peeled first then cooked with the seasonings. Everybody at the table enjoyed thei food so, I just figure it's just not my type of place.
1	If you're from So-Cal like me, don't be fooled by the Man vs. Food hype!!ALL of our good crawfish joints in Orange Country are waaaayyy better than Hot N Juicy by far. At most this place (at least on the day I visited) is a 2/2.5 stars. I had a hard time deciding whether to give this place 1 or 2 stars. I decided on 1 because of its location in Vegas.....VEGAS standards need to be a little higher.I tried Hot N Juicy during my last visit to Vegas mid December 2012 because a friend wanted to check it out. They had a large banner out front advertising the fact that the restaurant was featured on Man vs. Food.I really wanted to like this place because come on, we're in VEGAS, there are so many good restaurants we could have had our farewell Vegas meal at...so I did not want to be disappointed.There was a bunch of random broken parts in our bag....Hot N Juicy needs to toss those pieces out! I found the sauce to be too salty.  I thought the food was overpriced.
5	Perfect service music & even frozen crawfish was good!
1	I really wanted to have a whole crab so I rolled into this place. They did deliver a fresh dungeness crab; although, at a price. A price you wouldn't know if you didn't think to ask up front.Now, apparently according to some folks, if you see a price for crab or lobster on a board you assume it's per pound. Sure, maybe I've been living under a rock but if I see a price next to dungeness crab and there isn't "/lb" or "per pound" next to it, I'm going to think it's the price of the crab.  If you look at the menu it says "market price" but I've never read anything in economics advising that the unit of measure is always by pound. I've ordered seafood at many places, fish markets, casual and fine dining, from across the country and I have never been uncertain about what I was going to pay at the end. For example, at R & D in Newport Beach, they list fish as "market price" but the server will tell you exactly what the whole plate will cost.Now, I can't say what would've happened if I had known it was per pound and asked the server how much it's going to weigh, but it's a nasty surprise to somebody who didn't know how "these places" work. Nobody should have to make this mistake just to find out. Would it be that difficult to add per pound to the board or menu?  I can't recommend you eat here at Hot N Juicy Crawfish because if you aren't certain about how much you're going to get or what you're going to pay for it, it's not fair.
5	Crawfish in Vegas!!had cravings after all the partying, gambling and drinking i was doing.really good.
4	Tasty but really messy! ;)
4	Friday night wasn't too crowded at 6pm.  I had the snow crab in hot n juicy sauce, medium spiciness.  Server said it was tabasco-like hotness but it really wasn't.  I'll get a spicier one next time.  The server was really nice.  The place is clean.  The crabs were cooked well.  The crab meat wasn't sticking to the shell.  My dinner was $21, this included 1lbs crab, corn & soda.  Will definitely come back.
4	Took a friend from Maine who was blown away by H&J. I had 1lb snow crab in lemon pepper and 1lb shrimp in H&J sauce. Friendly staff and casual atmosphere. Perfect place to smash some crab legs.
5	Great fast, friendly service, great seafood, fun environment enough said!
3	I'm not a huge fan of crawfish, but I'd choose this place over boiling crab. The sauces are better.
2	Disappointed.  Go to boiling crab instead.
4	Great place to go for crawfish in Vegas!  I like it better than Boiling Crab, not sure if it's better than Red Crawfish, though.Definitely go to this location vs the one up the street.  Larger space, shorter wait.If you like spicy foods, go for the Spicy or Extra Spicy option.  I ordered a pound of crawfish and half a pound of shrimp.  I definitely prefer the crawfish.  All of the seafood is fresh, but the shrimp seemed too meaty, and less sweet to me (maybe it was just that shipment).  But if you're a shrimp only person, you may not notice the difference.
5	NOM NOM NOM!!!  HOT N JUUUUICY! SO good. But for the name, hot n juicy CRAWFISH, I would SKIP the crawfish! I've tried the frozen AND the fresh and it just seems like a waste...  I do prefer this place over Boiling Crab! We usually get snow crab legs, shrimp and oysters on the half shell. Our go to sauce is the Hot N Juicy Medium. Nice and spicy and flavorful. They offer you gloves for your hands but they are the big loose ones so I just opt out of those - they have a roll of paper towels on your table so you're pretty good with using those and then a quick trip to the bathroom to wash it all off. One of the sinks you have to keep pressing for water which is quite annoying because your hands are pretty messy afterwards so if they have two sinks that just stayed ON, it would be much better! You do have a garlic taste in your mouth for at least a day after eating here but that's the price you pay for buttery garlicy goodness! NOM!
4	It isnt as busy on weekday night. This is the second time we visited this place.Definitely a better experience and the food did not disappoint.Please don't be a newbie.. ROLL up your long-sleeves before digging in! I got too excited. Our server Giana was so kind enough to help me... because NO ONE in our table cared enough to help me (too BUSY eating??!)The Dungeness Crab is Market Price (the market was high that night at 29.99 (approx 1.5 lb) for one BIG crab though.. I wished the stock market price was the same way!Definitely cheap eats (AND better!) than at a fancy seafood place on the strip.
5	Hot N Juicy } BC ANYDAY.I'd come to eat here despite the summer weather.There's a parking lot out front with tons of spaces, and the wait was short.Waitresses were super nice, we took awhile deciding what we wanted cause we had a big group and she let us take our time.I personally feel like Hot N Juicy's taste is way better than BC.I really wish they opened one in northern Cali!!!I had a memorable time here and will never forget Hot N Juicy. I think we took the cab here from our hotel from the strip but going back was WORK. I totally forgot that cabs don't stop for you on the side of the road, but I didn't know that applied anywhere else too...SO... the whole group walked back to the strip all the way from Chinatown.It was CRAZY. I just knew what direction to walk towards and we literally walked on the freeway. I would gladly do it again for Hot N Juicy though.
4	I have never been to a restaurant were you wear a bib and eat with your hand. This was definetly a place were wearing your finest cloths might not be a good idea. I ordered the hot n juicy special and it was really good. They hand you a plastic bag with your food and you chow down. I got the shrimp and I like the fact that you can order how many pounds you wanted. I would definetly recommend this to anyone that loves sea food and doesn't mind eating with their hand and getting messy.
3	I normally eat at the other location but parking there sucks and if you arent lucky enough to find a parking space you can drive the mile down the road to the new location there is plenty of space there.Of course be prepared for horrible customer service. Outside of being sat right away we didnt see our servers but once every 30 mins and that was because we stood up and waved one down when our drinks were empty.After our meal was done it was another 10 mins before our bill came and we had to ask for it twice.This store is laid out better and you dont feel like you are sitting on top of the people next to you.The food is still top notch. Gloriously spicy and delicious. Almost perfect...I say almost only because they dont serve something to cool you down afterwards. A simple soft serve ice cream machine with one or two flavors would make this a perfect dinning experience but 98.5% is good enough for me!
3	Arguable when comparing to Boiling Crab, but personally, I prefer BC.HJ is certainly much more juicier and spicier and though I did not give anything else but shrimps a try, I was disappointed.For one, once I peel off the shell of the shrimps, there is remaining meat that is the size of a fingernail. I like to eat big so that was disappointing. It was a lot spicier for I was struggling with my life to diffuse the spices in my mouth.On the other hand, the fries were as good as you get anywhere else. Like I always say, if you mess up on fries, something is wrong with you.In conclusion, I prefer Boiling Crab. It's just preferential that I like my shrimps larger. But I give HJ 3 stars because they do a good job in explaining their styles and overall good service. Nevertheless, I don't see myself coming back here for enjoyment purposes.
5	Came here twice in two days. Came here all the way from uk and you didn't disappoint me at all. I wasn't keen on the hot n juicy special But my husband loved it. I loved the lemon pepper. We tried crawfish shrimps clams lobster crab legs oysters soft she'll crab... highly recommended the lobster and shrimps.Also I left a $15 cash tip, which I wanted to give to our waitress polina..  But she said she couldn't accept. However if I mentioned it on here the company may give her the tip direct...Just wanted to thank her for her amazing serviceWaited 18 months since watching man v food to come here, and feel like squeezing in another trip before I head back to uk on Sunday
2	This place used to be good. The food quality has gone down big, no taste at all. We ordered crawfish and shrimp, both had a very bland taste and it was supposed to be the hot n juicy special medium. The staff that night acted like they didn't like their jobs. That visit may have been my last as the Boiling Crab is the other option.  Hot n Juicy needs to step up their game.
3	I just want to say the food is good and that is the only reason why I will come back and why I stayed last night. I just want to say customer service at this location is HORRIBLE! I went to the other location and they told me this one will have no wait so I came here. I waited 30 min for a seat. As I entered the two girls in the front did not greet me once. Didn't even say hi. As i approached to give them my name they said one min twice to me. I patienly wait. Three couple came in AFTER me and they were ALL seated first. I was so furious I kept my mouth shut so I wouldn't make a scene in front of my girlfriend. Luckily the food is great but service is absolutely horrible
5	Fantastic experience! You must try the craw fish, but also get a good taste of their crab legs and/or the mussels also served in a boil bag dumped on your table with corn and potatoes - order them "sweet & spicy" style... attach bib and enjoy!
5	Such a different style of meal! I always look forward to this when in Vegas! Get the garlic blend! So delicious! Sometimes there is a long wait.. But what do you expect for good food :)
5	Omigoodness! My friend and I held our own competition between HnJ and BC. I read reviews of both places and after much research, careful review and taste, Hot n Juicy takes the cake...hands down!The service here is awesome! I came in and put my name in to be seated. The lady told me how long the wait was, which was not that long, and I sat down and observed the others delve into their bags. Then when the time came for my friend and I to be seated, our waitress was right there ready to take our order. I asked some questions and she had answers to all of them. She was super nice and told me her honest opinion of some of the food. I decided to get what I got at BC to make a fair decision, so I ordered two pounds of the snow crab legs. One lb in medium and 1 lb in mild. My friend ordered 2 lb of crawfish in medium as well. And off she went to put our order. From the tome we put or order in, to the time our food was in front of me was probably around ten min. At BC it was linger and I had to check to make sure my order was still on the way. My friends food came out first. Luckily, she waited for mine to come out and then we began stuffing our faces. Holy goodness and juiciness! At BC, I had to fight to get to the meat and it wasn't as sweet or juicy, but not here. The crab legs were tender, sweet, juicy and hot! I had to slow myself down and savor the moment. I didn't want it to end. I also ordered corn, which was marinating in the sauce. So tasty!  The corn itself was boiled to perfection, then sitting in the sauce was even better! Medium is hot if you dip the meat in it like I did. The waterworks began because it was a bit hot, but good. I dipped the legs in the medium then mild after a few. I ate some of the crawfish too and that was really juicy as well. Some of them were a bit small, but still yummy. Our lady checked in with us a few times and each time I had no words, but nods because I was so into my food, and my mouth was full. I was already eating with my hands, to speak with food in my mouth would be throwing manners completely out the window.  By the end of our meal, I was ready to pass out. All worth smelling like garlic for the rest of the night and into the next day. The place has an open layout. They have booths, tables and chairs. Flat screen tv's hang on the walls and they also play music. The noise level is pretty high, but that's to be expected. I will be back here! Some may not like it because you eat with your hands and all the sauce and juice is just popping and flying. But they do offer gloves and a bib. So not to worry. This type of stuff you miss when you're not there. How can you beat the service, juicy food and hip atmosphere? Well, you don't.
1	I have tried twice now to go here for lunch.  The 2nd time in particular was bad customer  service. Very rude when I showed up at 11:55am.  Will not be trying a 3rd time.
4	Busy for a Wednesday night at 9pm. Tonight we ordered shrimp, crab, clams, and mussels a pound of each. Normally the shrimp is the first to come out but we ended waiting just about 30 minutes for my husbands shrimp, while everything else was brought to our table in a matter of 10 minutes; due to the fact I seen one of the servers bring our order of shrimp to a different table and when she was told it was the wrong order, instead of asking the other servers if another table ordered it she just brought it back to the kitchen.  Asked a server about it and she said she would check on it. She came back to refill our drinks and again said she would check on it, asked another server about it and our order was finally done. My husband and I are too polite to complain, because at the end are bellies are still satisfied ;)
5	I only come to Vegas for this place and this location.  I have not ever been to the other one but don't want to risk my Shrimp Basket being prepared different...Love this place and our server was Fantastic...I can't remember her name, but she was a sweety...wrote huge Happy Birthday and Thank You on our bill and circled the gratuity that was charged to us.  We had NO PROBLEM!!! SHE WAS GREAT!!!
3	There was a 15 - 20 minute wait and this was expected. The ambiance is very casual at Hot N Juicy. It's also very loud on a Friday night, but I presume it's loud here on every evening. I am a huge fan of eating with my hands and I do love myself a "different" eating experience, so I am a little sad to be giving this location its rating. It had been my first time dining at this location and the other, I was very fond of. The food had noticeably less flavor, sweet potato fries were a little burnt, our server misheard an order or two of ours, but they handled it fairly well and my party was grateful for that. I really do prefer the other location, but the food is good and it's a great place to go to with friends.
5	You sick and tired of the regular food in Vegas?Come to Hot N Juicy!! To eat yo seafood crawfish, crab and shrimp. Very affordable and very delicious.I think I spent more money on getting a cab there and back to my hotel then eating there. Will definitely go there next time I am in Vegas!!!!
5	Did I really just eat what I just ate?  Wow.Immediately you have the bib put on you.  You then order everything by the bag.  They claim that their super spicy is really spicy, but this is not the case.  Don't be afraid to eat spicy, it is the best sauce.of the bunch.  Also sprinkle a little bit of lemon on everything and you will not be disappointed.Don't eat here if you don't want to get covered in sauce.In addition to the bib, they also give you gloves.  Everything you eat is covered in sauce and nothing is shelled.  You gotta know that you will get dirty, but it is worth it.  We ordered crab, crayfish, breaded catfish, and shrimp.  The shrimp was by far my favorite.  Order extra shrimp and don't waste your money on the crab.  You only get two wimpy crabs for the same price as you get 25-30 shrimp.Also order the corn fritters.  They are very good.Again, this place was a really nice change of pace from where we had eaten in Vegas previously.  The prices were good, we all ate for under $18 a person, which was really reasonable.
5	I realized when I walked into the restaurant last night to meet my friend for dinner that I've actually only been to HNJ once before, and at least 4 years ago at the old location.  I also realized that it was then that I first had this type of food but honestly I don't remember that experience at all.  This time however, I'm sure I'll remember as it was AWESOME!  This location is cute with brick walls and booths, as well as tables that aren't squished together.  There are a number of flat screens along the walls but I honestly didn't even notice them.  We got a booth right away and our server was great.  She brought our waters, answered all our questions, and took our orders and it was all seamless.  We ordered a pound of shrimp, clams, 1/2 dozen sausage, 2 corns and some potatoes.  Everything came out within 15 minutes.  We were really impressed by the size of both the shrimp and the clams.  The clams were nice and plump and cooked perfectly.  They weren't rubbery at all, quite the opposite.  Also, the shrimp were cooked perfectly as well, which I was really happy about because both the last times I went to Boiling Crab, the shrimp were over cooked and tough.I also found myself loving the HNJ sauce more than the "Whole Shebang" at BC.  It was much more flavorful and not as thick so it coated all the seafood evenly.  Everything was served really hot so you never felt like you were eating cold seafood.Our server constantly refilled our waters and was really friendly. After being a BC fan for this long, I'm totally switching teams.  Team HNJ all the way!
3	Probably the simplest yelp review I will ever do.  The atmosphere is fun and come with friends you're bound to enjoy yourself in it's generally loud chow area when it's packed.  Most often than not I just come here for shrimp.  Generally their sauces are good, but I'm a Cali kid and so my heart has a soft spot for BC.  3 of 5
4	I prefer this location to the older/original only because there is less of a wait and more spacious. I also tend to be a little claustrophobic when I am eating.I always have a go-to when coming here: Crawfish w/ The Hot & Juicy Special in HOT. Muy caliente. Be careful, Hot will get your sinuses running and that's only a level 3 (out of 4)- Trust me, I like my food spicy! Medium also has a kick to it.I love that sauce, so much that I will usually order fries to use to soak up the excess. Corn is also delish slathered in that sauce. I also always ask for lemon, salt, pepper- must be an Asian thing.Crawdaddies don't really fill me up so I will usually order some shrimp as well. They don't really seem to absorb the sauce as well though...Everything served here is finger food and very casual. I caved in and started wearing the plastic bibs offered- can't risk staining my clothes. It's bad enough that the smell of garlic permeated anything that enters the premise. I literally have to wash the insides of my nose with soap when I get home or I will be smelling garlic for the next couple of days.I also remember entering a contest and being a finalist in their 2012 calendar, I forgot what the perks were, but it would've been nice to  win and maybe get free crawfish out of it. lol
4	Had a craving for good crawfish so stopped by here for dinner.  I didn't have to wait long for a table for 2.Our waitress greeted us right away and took our order.  I ordered 2 lbs of non spicy Hot n Juicy special.  Came out pretty quickly so that's a plus.  I guess if you in Vegas, then this is probably the place to go to.  Fortunately, back in VA, we have something similar to this place and the sauces are a little bit better IMO.Overall, great crawfish and service here.  Will come back next time I am in Vegas.
5	Much nicer and cleaner than the original location down the street and more space between tables. The food is just as good. Who doesn't love seafood in plastic bags? A friend and I shared half a dozen oysters, a pound of crawfish, a pound of shrimp, a pound of Alaskan king crab legs, and a pound+ of dungeness crab. We had no problem devouring all that. If price wasn't an issue we would have ordered more. Despite this chain's appearance of looking like a dive it isn't exactly cheap. The king crab legs in the mild garlic butter sauce were the clear winners of the night. The dungeness crab was pretty tasty as well but required more work. I've never been much of a fan of crawfish. There's just too much work for so little meat. I'll stick to the other stuff next time.
4	For the last 6 months ive been hitting up HOT n JUICY atleast 3 times a month. Im still not burned out from there food haha. Every time we hit it up we would alwayse order something different from the menu and each time we are never disapointed. The sauce here is soooooo yummy, that I sometime order the sauce to go so I could eat it with rice the next day. I love this location alot better than the first one cause its not as busy, you don't have to wait 40 mins to be seated:) I personally can not stand waiting more than 20 mins nomatter how good the food is. This location got my stamp of approval :)
3	I usually go to the original spot because I always think the OG is better. Unfortunately, our taxi driver dropped us off at the wrong one. Since we were already here, we might as well try it. This was my parents' first time trying this spot so I wanted them to have a great time. The spot was definitely more spacious than the original, which was good. Our greeter was very accommodating and sat as relatively quickly. Unfortunately, our server ended up being this tattooed chick, Cam. Bad luck. Right off the bat, she was not very friendly and seemed to rush us. Since it was my parents' first time, I wanted them to take their time to inspect the menu. I ended up ordering for all of us. She was rushing like she had somewhere else to go, even though the place wasn't too packed. The wait was not very long but things were missing. I constantly had to ask for things like crab crackers, missing orders, and she probably only refilled our drinks once. Our waitress was more concerned about hugging her friends that came in than doing her job. I had to ask servers from other tables for refills, additional orders, etc because when we wanted anything, Cam was nowhere to be found. By the time we finished eating we were still missing rice and another order. I decided to cancel those because who knows when I would get them. I don't usually appreciate bad service, but I'm especially concerned when I'm trying to introduce my parents to a new place on their anniversary. The food was good but the service we received from Cam that day was horrible! Because of this, I will stick to going only to the original spot from now on. If my parents didn't enjoy the food I would've taken it down 2 more stars.Hot n Juice = goodCam = horrible
4	I absolutely LOVE Hot N' Juicy Crawfish. I honestly prefer this over Boiling crab.. Their sauce is perfect! Boiling crab is really good too, but it's oilier compared to Hot N' Juicy. H&J's sauce is thick and goes perfectly with some steamed rice. Eat that ish with yo hands village style, straight from the table! cause it tastes better that way.I find myself craving H&J alllllllllll the time! The reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because BC has their seasoned fries and catfish/shrimp basket on LOCK. if you've never had it, it's a must try over there.Also, I've had a bad oyster here before, and had severe stomach pains... I didn't know it was bad because I've never had a bad oyster before, but when that excruciating pain kicked in, I knew it was that last oyster I had right away. It tasted really bad too, but I just swallowed it quickly as a natural impulse. (that's what she said!)I would still come back of course, I love hot n' juicy, but owners, if you're reading this, please make sure you train your staff well enough to differentiate bad oysters vs good ones. Until next time H&J.. I will be dreaming about dat sawwwwwwse.
5	What a unique, fun, and delicious way to enjoy seafood!  For those that can't stand their food looking at them, beware.  The shrimp are whole and the heads, legs, tails, and shells must be removed before consumption.  I'd get over it quickly, because the seafood is delicious and I don't think you could go wrong with any of the sauce/spice combos.  Grab a cab, make the trip, and enjoy some of the best seafood in the area!
4	I LOVED the food from Hot N Juicy Crawfish.  I loved the spice of the sauce, the fun of eating with my hands (gloves on of course), wearing a plastic bib....oh yeah and the food.  The crawfish was spot on and delish, the corn and potatoes were amazing drenched in the sauce...angels played harps in my head as I ate each bite.  The fried catfish was dirty tasting just the way a good fried catfish should be, and the Cajun fries were incredible.  With all that said, the whole "good for kids" part of yelp that says yes should have a discriminating clause that says not for 20 month old toddlers in a booster seat.  3 spilled drinks, dirty hands in plastic gloves, and an untied down toddler made for an interesting experience to say the least.  I will be back with my appetite sans offspring for another few pounds of boiled shellfish heaven.
4	Wow....I am an addict of H&J now.  To be honest I didn't think H&J would be better than Boiling Crab but holy moly it sure was way better.  Less oily but still very buttery delicious and flavorful! Thank you
3	Not sure if it was because I went with a huge expectation but it was a let down... not to mention that I had my heart set on going to boiling crab but the taxi driver was more familiar with this location that we opted out for it.  Its playful and fun eating with your hands and the flavor was good but It was not a wow factor for me.  Ended up eating more fries than anything.
4	Pretty simple review. if you've had boiling crab, its similar. Beware of the sodium content though. Just like any other crawfish place, it has lots of salt so drink plenty of water. (and be ready for sodium overdose) Service was good, food was good, fair price.
4	MAN do i LOVE this place :). Finally, a restaurant that KNOWS spicy. Be ready to get down and dirty! They provide you with bibs, plenty of paper towels, and wet naps because you will be splashing sauce everywhere and using a lot of your hands.I recommend the shrimp and lobster. Of course the lobster is the most expensive; however, once in a while it's SOOO worth the money. The clams are fantastic as well. My regular order is a pound of shrimp and a pound of snow crab legs EXTRA EXTRA spicy with 2 corn on the cob, a bowl of rice, and occasionally the order of lobster but that's rare because I don't want to spend a fortune every time I'm there $$$. The Hot n Juicy special sauce is by far my favorite, but the cajun is fantastic as well. I usually do one of each. They also have fresh oysters for appetizers, and you can also choose from blue crab, king crab, mussels, and of course, crawfish for your main course ;). The service is always great because the staff works as a team, so there is almost always somebody to refill your water, grab you more plastic gloves, etc.. **HERE'S AN IMPORTANT TIP!**: you WILL stink of garlic after this meal. Possibly for over a day! The food is worth it, but don't go here before your work shift, the gym, or a night out with friends because nobody will appreciate your stench! A thorough shower afterwards is crucial!Overall, I love visiting Hot N Juicy for the fun environment, quick and attentive service, the killer spicy cajun flavors, and to get full off of a ton of seafood! As much as I enjoy Boiling Crab, HnJ is still on top mostly because of their sauces. HnJ has more of a kick and intense flavors.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for the longest time! After many visits to las vegas, I finally was able to make the time to make a stop by Hot N' Juicy before heading home. Most people prefer Pho to cure their hangovers of course but I made it a point to try this before going back home this trip.I was never a huge fan of Crawfish but I am definitely a fan now! I've tried Crawfish at Boiling Crab and it never stuck to me the way Hot & Juicys did. I usually order Shrimp but after trying Hot & Juicys Crawfish, I've gotten a whole new perspective of cajun food. Their Crawfish was flavorful, soft and melts in your mouth type of seafood. Definitely worth the extra hardwork to peel for those little things!I did try their shrimp and I did not enjoy it very much. It seemed bland and the flavor was lacking. The shrimp just didn't seem as fresh as boiling crabs. I will just have to eat Crawfish at Hot N' Juicy from here on out but definitely worth it.The service was good, they had a friendly staff and they were aware of their customers which I liked. 4/5 because it was great but the only downside was the Shrimp. Will be back for the Crawfish though!
5	My favorite place in earth!!! Lemon pepper spicy shrimp, corn, and rice is what I always get. This deserves 300 stars!! It's so different from any other restaurants. Bringing a date here is highly recommended cuz you will find out ASAP if your date is down for anything.
4	The last time I went before last night,  they had ESPN on. Can't miss my OKC game! Sweet!!!  I've always been satisfied every time I come here.  I like the food and definitely the service.So last night, my BFF and I had a talk over crab legs, sausage and shrimps which were delicious.  Our server was extremely patient since it took us a while to decide what we want to eat.  A pile of dirty plastic gloves and bibs later, my friend and I were still chatting away but we didn't feel like we were being rushed to get out already when our server said, "lemme clean the table so you can continue talking without getting anything dirty".   They're taking pictures of diners now to post on Instagram.  Then the BFF decided to embarass me to death by having a male server come to our table and ask him odd questions!  He was very nice though and wasn't ticked off or anything like that.  That is one true test of the great service here!
1	After visiting this restaurant my wife, cousin and their kids were very ill.  We know this is where she got her sickness because we went there with 12 people and the ones that ate the shrimp and snow crab were the only ones sick. Went to the hospital and they diagnosed them with Campylobacter jejuni....BACTERIA FOUND IN FECES!   Doctor said its probably due to employees not washing hand after handling raw foods or using the washroom.  DISGUSTING!!!!
5	absolutly awsome place! great prices! I perfer over the boiling crab
4	As good as advertised but the only thing bad is just the lines and waiting because everyone that visit Vegas has to come by here to eat it at least once so there's always a wait. But it's def worth it
5	This place is the real deal. Im from New Orleans currently living in Colorado so I complain about seafood whenever I get the chance. Saw Hot n Juicy on Man Vs. Food and wanted to try it. The crawfish are cooked perfectly and did in fact taste as though they were flown in from Louisiana every morning. I asked the server which part but he didn't know.      The spices I tried were the traditional Louisiana and the Hot n Juicy special, both with medium spice. They were both excellent. The traditional is very similar to the crawfish boils I use to have in the backyard with my family. I initially got two pounds but then got another two pounds after that. At 10 bucks a pound, be prepared to spend about $60.00 for two people.     We also tried the sausage and sweet potatoe fries, again both were great. The fries were made to order and the sausage was very flavorful. My only complaint is that the potato that the comes with the crawfish (if you order two pounds) is very plain. It tasted like they boiled it by itself and then just threw it in with the crawfish. But anyone from New Orleans knows that the potatoes must be boiled with the crawfish and have the potential to be the most flavorful piece of food in the boil. My wife was also disappointed with the corn on the cob that was included, she stated that it tasted like it was just a cheap frozen corn. Im definitely going to revisit when I goto Las Vegas again.
5	I really enjoyed the Shrimp, It had excellent flavor!  If you buy a bag to take home, it is even better the next day!
5	Hot N Juicy sauce is the best!  Not too salty and was warned the mild was spicy, but I didn't think it was.  Didn't take long to get seated on a Monday evening at 5 pm. Staff was great and very attentive.  Can't wait to go back again!
5	One of my favorite restaurants in las vegas! The sauce they use is amazing, i usually get the shrimp and king crab legs, both are always on point! The shrimps are always a great size, and the crab is awesome! Also the Cajun fries are a nice side as well!
5	I visit Hot n Juicy every time I come to Vegas.  I like the newer location's ambiance, but they are both great.  The whole crab in that spicy sauce is the bomb!  They give you a bib and plastic gloves to eat it.  I didn't use the gloves and had the garlicky smell on my hands for awhile!  We mis-ordered and got a combo of crawfish and sausage, when we only meant to order crawfish.  The sausage was really good and were glad we tried it. Cold beer and spicy fresh seafood, it doesn't get any better.
4	Crawfish and oysters, oh my!  The oysters are served on ice and come with all the fix-ins.  Want some hot sauce?  It's there.  Want some horseradish?  It's there.  Want some cocktail sauce (I think that is what it is, lol)?  It's there.  Wanna talk crawfish?  No?  Well, I do!  The crawfish come by the pound (which is how they should, by the way)... and they come in a bag-o-sauce.  Perfect for making sure all them there crawfish are evenly covered in the most amazingly delicious sauce you could ever want.  I get mine with the Hot N Juicy spice and "medium" spice level (although sometimes I venture to "spicy" when I feel like punishing myself a bit).  No matter which way you go, the crawfish are always well cooked and delicious.The place is usually crazy busy and there is almost always a wait... and while I am a huge fan of this place, I'm guessing the wait has more to do with the prime location of this H-N-J on Spring Mountain Rd.The waitstaff isn't always the most attentive and I have ran out of water a handful of times during my multiple visits... but I always just reach over and drink the person's water from the table next to mine.  A must-have while in Vegas!
4	After my friends seeing it on man vs. food and my friends convincing me to try it, I went to Hot N Juicy Crawfish. It is a really cool place with amazing food! The concept is really neat and different. They bring you a bag with a pound of whatever you choose (crawfish, shrimp, crab, etc) in whatever sauce you choose. I had the "Hot N Juicy" sauce with medium heat. It was delicious and the shrimp were cooked perfectly. The crab was also delicious and we tried it all in different sauces and they were all good. The crawfish was good but not very filling and take a lot of time to eat. The fried shrimp were actually one of the best things with a cornmeal batter. Overall i really enjoyedmy experience and I will definately be back and have been twice already. The only knock is the very long wait every time and the prices are a little expensive if you get anything exotic.
4	Went here to dinner last week with a couple of friends visiting from out of town. From the outside it doesn't particularily stand out. Upon opening the door though, one gets a huge waft of what's to come inside. The air just permeated of spicy, garlicky goodness. I tell you, it smelled SO good.A bit of disclaimer on this review: I'm not too big on most seafoods so take it with a grain of salt, for sure.  I realize it might sound odd then, that I would want to go to such a place. But hey, I love good friends and good food. And both at the same time? Fuhgedaboudit! And besides, theres still plenty I can find to partake of on the menu.By reading some of the Yelp reviews previously, it seemed the thing to make a nice mess of what's left at the end of one's meal. You are prepared for the upcoming melee with stylish HnJ logo plastic bibs and tools to dismantle shells. We were also warned that their sauces were very hot, so it was suggested to order one level lower than what you think you want.My friends got a mix of HnJ shrimp, crab legs, clams and crawfish. I opted for some etoufee, sweet potato fries and fried catfish basket with cajun fries. I also asked for some HnJ special medium sauce on the side so I could drench everything in it. My friend said all their food was great. I loved the HnJ special sauce. Probably could've gone to Hot, but the medium had a nice kick with savory garlic-ness. I was using a spoon to scoop the sauce from the bottom to make sure I got all the garlic bits and spices that settle to the bottom. I did have a feeling there was no cajun seasoning on the fries. No big deal, I just used the side sauce. Overall service and food was right on.
5	Love! My go to spot for flavorful seafood! They keep the menu simple to the point and service is always great! I will always recommend this place to friends and family that comes into town.
5	I don't know which Hot N Juicy I'm reviewing... I just know that they're on the same street. So I'm sorry this is the wrong one... but they're all good so it doesn't matter! I really like Hot N Juicy because all of their restaurants are SO CONSISTENT. East to West everything is well managed and the food is always AMAZING!I love the sauce at Hot N Juicy, it is definately in the Top 3 in my crawfish eating adventures. I love the ratio of sour, cajun and just heavenly goodness. You can never go with the crawfish here, they are fresh, good sized and perfectly cooked! If anything is off, just let your server know and they'll take care of it. Love their baskets as well, catfish is plentiful.. and kind of tastes like cod in my opinion... weird... I was expecting fishy! It's ok cod is good too. The fries they have are better than Boiling Crab because they are more starchy and taste more real! Love dunking fries in Ranch sauce. I'm not much of a fan of Gulf Oysters, but my company sure loved them, they were really plump and a nice medium size. Oh and Hot N Juicy is the ONLY crawfish place that hasThe place is really messy though, that's my one complaint, I know they're busy but still at least wipe down and sweep a little. We were literally sitting on oil and crawfish shells it was a bit weird... Service is awesome, everyone who works at Hot N Juicy is so upbeat and chill. Food is fast and communication between FOH and BOH is instant since they have good In-N-Out like headsets (it's pretty funny). This location is pretty big so big parties would fit, the ambiance is cozy and nice (not as trashy as BC).
5	They say Disneyland is the happiest place on Earth - which is true - but I say  Hot N Juicy is the happiest place on the Western Hemisphere! Every time I have friends or family fly in from out of town I take them to Hot N Juicy Crawfish. The first thing they say to me on their next trip to Vegas is "Take me back for more of that Hot N Juicy!" and then I tell them, "Woah, slow down, I don't swing that way!" And then I proceed to give them what they crave: Hot N Juicy Crawfish!I have been going to the original HnJ ever since the Man V Food episode was filmed there, but the newest Hot N Juicy has a more special feeling to it. It definitely has a more youthful vibe than the older one. Pro-life-tip #23: Take a first date here. If they can handle you being dirty and smelly, they can probably stick around for longer than a month. If they don't enjoy it, sounds like a one-night stand!Favorite choices: Snow Crab Legs, Shrimp, Sausage (cant get enough of their meat!), and some of the best wings and fries in town!The servers are all super friendly. Also, they like men who play with their food ;) *winkedy winky*If you're looking for more than just dinner, definitely check this place out. It's a food expedition!
4	Seafood cooked in a bag of the juicy goodness of your choice.I've been here so many times, I don't know why I haven't written a review. It may be because everyone knows this place and it's already popular...But here is basically what you need to know:-you, and everything else you bring into the restaurant (purse, clothes, shoes, etc), will REEK of garlic for several days following. But it's all worth it.-you can/will get dirty. There's a reason why they cover the tables with plastic and paper. You deconstruct your food and throw the remains right on the table. They do provide bibs and plastic gloves upon request.-seafood remains intact, heads and all. So if you're squeamish about seeing the head still attached to your shrimp friend, then you probably shouldn't eat here.-there are 2 locations: both on Spring Mountain, one near Decatur and the other near Valley View.And one more thing: I will go out on a limb and say it. I prefer Hot N Juicy Crawfish over Boiling Crab. The Hot N Juicy special vs Boiling Crab's version...I just like the flavors better.
3	You know what the food is great, not going to lie, I took my friends here that were visiting from New York and they had a blast.One problem, so we went on Sat. 17.Aug 2013 and me and my friends split the bill, I ordered a pound of shrimp and corn fritters, my meal was less than 20, I check my account today and it said more than 40!  For my bill only may i add, That is NOT what I signed, and I want to know... Did that waitress try to tip herself? I was told a manager would contact me in 1-2 days. Not a good enough response for me either. Immediate action is necessary to impress me, especially because this restaurant has such a high volume of clientele. ----to be continued....
4	In Vegas had to try this place! It was just as awesome as the one in Orlando!!! The place was very busy and the waiters was hustling. Waiter forgot one order but made up for it. Very nice place.
5	Banging a$$ Seafood!!!  I love for this place and will def be back when I'm in Vegas.  There's one open in WeHo also so maybe I'll just go there!  Hot n Juicy flavored Snow Crab is the best, also the Lemon Pepper shrimp!  Don't waste the juice!!  Pour it over the white rice and simmer the flavor!
4	Pretty good seafood. I've had the crawfish and shrimp and they were both quite delicious. I like the fact the crawfish is fresh as that's pretty hard to find (if not impossible) at other Louisiana boil type restaurants. The seasoning is different compared to other restaurants i've been to, which is a good thing. The only thing holding me back from giving this place 5 stars is due to the longer wait time for your foodI would definitely come back to this place
5	second time back in vegas and i decided to check out this second location. the reviews are right, this place is more spacious and comfortable than the original place. but we came on a monday night and it was packed for dinner! we waited about 45miinutes to be seated ..most parties were in 6's. if you come in 2's and 4's might be easier to find a seat. i realized im actually not that big of a fan of crawfish. but i did get my garlic butter shrimp fix and it was yummier than i last remembered! service was a bit spotty though, at times constantly refilling our sodas, and at times non existent. also had the black mussels with hot n juicy sauce which were ok. i definitely think theres something for everyone if you are seafood lovers
3	Not as good as a remember, but only have went to the other original location down the street.  Came in on a saturday afternoon around 1 and it wasn't packed at all.  No wait and food came out in about 10 minutes or less.  Service was adequate but the food was just so so.  Ordered a lb of shrimp and an lb of crawfish, medium spice level.  We used to love this place but not so much anymore.  Don't get me wrong, it's far from bad but maybe we just got used to the Boiling Crab's seasoning.  It's slightly different and we found H&J's to be slightly more spiced/gritty.  Overall was ok, but just prefer Boiling Crab more.
5	Visiting my sister for Labor Day , & of course checking this new location out , I've been to their first location yrs back & it was bomblicious & pack . This new location is bigger clean & our server was nice which is a plus , when our crawfish & shrimp , sausages,  corn arrive  . We dig in , it was blasting full of flavor not too spicy but sweet garlic mouth watering  seafood , now I don't know who's the winner from boiling crab / or Hot n juicy crawfish .
3	Got the refund, however, the managers probably did not want to deal with me when I called the final time, lol, so they ignored my call ha. Not cool though.
5	I never prefer to come to this location.  I feel like the one off Decatur is more attentive and gets me what I need (gloves, salt pepper, etc) before I ask.  Today I came at a slower time.  They didnt put in the right sauce on my king crab.  My hungry monster was absolutely frustrated.  But my correct order came to the table pretty quickly after. Our server Loreal was charming and made us all laugh.  She made this visit better than any other time I've come to this location.  Food was great as always! Hot n juicy mild king crab, side of butter, squeeze of lime in my salt and pepper, with an order of rice.
5	Went here while bodyguarding a client. I'm a spoiled man who has all the dirty work done for him before the shrimp comes out but here, I was forced into a corner to eat here and on top of that, they ordered for me. Really wasn't into heads and legs on shrimp before I walked in the door but let me tell you that my opinion had soon changed. The food was amazing, spicy, and hands on. The shrimp bag and sausage was THEE best combo I've had in a while. Had some fried shrimp also and it was good. Wonderful waitresses although I couldn't keep my eyes off of one in perticular, and this waitress made me try crawfish which wasn't bad either. Great experience. Great environment. Great food. Great time. Will always eat here in Vegas especially if I catch this waitress working
5	This is literally the greatest restaurant of ALL time! I discovered this place watching the show I should have starred in -Man vs. Food and literally dream of returning.  Good news - I am heading to Vegas in a week (well good news for me and bad news for shellfish)!This place is located in a predominantly Asian part of town in a strip mall and has a certain amount of sketchy feel to it -that makes it taste better.  You sit down and basically choose what type of shell fish you want - crab, shrimp, clams, or, of course, crawfish.  Then you choose the sauce.  I can't more highly recommend their special sauce.  Finally, you choose spice level.  Let me first say that I eat ghost pepper spice all the time - i.e. I LOVE HEAT.  However, I would recommend no hotter than medium.  Not necessarily because it is too spicy, but because of the level of garlic and oil -this  is a stomach explosion waiting to happen.Seriously, I love this place....LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!
5	The newer location has less of a wait and fewer tourists.
5	Just celebrated my birthday here. Had a pound of shrimp, pound of snow crab, fried shrimp, and dinner rolls. Fairly priced, tasty seasoning, great atmosphere and service. Would come back again and recommend to my friends.
5	I love this place! My fam owns a crawfish joint back home so this gets the job done when I need my seafood boil fix! Can't go wrong w anything here on the menu.
5	This location is not as nice as the one down the street. There's less seating, less parking, and it's just more rundown. However, the food is so good, if the only location was underneath a bridge and the chef was a homeless guy, I'd still eat there!As far as the food goes, if you love messy finger food that comes equipped with a bib, you'll love Hot and Juicy. Their spice is not for the faint of heart! Even their mild spice has a good amount of kick. So far I've tried their shrimp, crawfish, corn fritters, and fries. You have to peel the shrimp and crawfish yourself.  It's a bit of a hassle, but it's part of the experience.Don't waste your time or money on the crawfish.  Big creature, small amount of meat.  1 lb of shrimp in Hot N Juicy seasoning is the way to go.  Keep in mind that when you order by the pound, that includes the weight of the entire shrimp body, antennas, legs, and the juice. Their seasoned fries are burn-your-face-off spicy, and with all the spice in the shrimp, I found it overwhelming. Their corn fritters are crispy, creamy, sweet balls of corny goodness.  They pair perfectly with the spicy shrimp.For those who have children or unenthusiastic seafood eaters in your group, they also offer things like chicken strips and popcorn shrimp on their menu.Oh and unless you want your fingers to burn for hours after the meal and garlic scented fingertips for the next week, WEAR THE GLOVES!
5	We waited over 30 minutes to get a table at 9 pm, but it was worth it.Honestly can say that this was the best meal during our trip.
3	don't get the black mussels they taste aweful.Everything else was mediocre.. I prefer the bay area stuff...
5	I absolutely love this place! HJ is one of my fave places to grub(and I mean GRUB). Delicious food, excellent service, and reasonably priced are qualities that makes this restaurant SO awesome! This place can get packed but totally worth the wait!
1	My first time there and it was not good.  It was about 9pm and I understand it is a loud and fun place, at least for other patrons.  It wasn't just noisy in there, many people were yelling, hurting my ears.  This was probably because many were partying and partially drunk from what I observed.  That's all fine, not my cup of tea but probably lots of fun.I ordered the shrimp, clams, and lobster, all Hot N Juicy style.  I also added rice and corn.  The corn was actually very tender and the tastiest corn on the cob I have ever had - yummy.  The shrimp were whole, tasted good, but were quite difficult to peel.  I had to use a tool which I normally never have to.  That was probably just my bad?The clams were large and tasty but I kept getting a little sand and even more tiny pieces of broken shell in the bites..  It is such a turn off to chomp down on a clam and bite on something so hard you are afraid you chipped a tooth.  I had to bite down very carefully because it kept happening.The lobster was a live and whole specimen.  It was nice and large.  But it had to be the worst lobster I have ever tried to chew.  I've had my share of tough, overcooked lobster but the tail was like a piece of rubber.  Claw meat was just the opposite, it seemed to be missing texture or had one a little like clay.  Live lobster cooked properly is usually quite tender, softer than frozen.  I usually fight through such difficulties but I swear I simply could not chew this beast.  I only took a small bite of the tail but had to leave almost all of it because I just couldn't chew it apart in my mouth.  I've never even had really hard rubbery scallops this bad.  It honestly reminded me of trying to chew whale blubber (Alaska Native dish) or maybe a hard rubbery piece of Abalone.  Even though it was obvious almost the entire tail was still on the table (eat out of bags, off the table, no dishes style) they just offered me 10% discount.  I could have used the meat as a racket ball it was so resilient.  I don't even know how you can make a lobster that rubbery.  Hard - yes, like tough rubber - ?Perhaps my experience was unique, YMMV.  I don't think I'll be back to find out, unless I am seriously drunk enough to fit into the loud crowd and not notice how bad the food may be.I far preferred the food in places like Joe's Crab Shack.
4	1st experience:I was introduced to this place by my aunt during our holiday trip to Vegas. It's always sooooooooooo much fun going with the fam. My friend joined me that year and agreed that Hot N Juicy was just that. Since we had a group of 10+ we ordered almost everything on the menu except for the crawfish and lobster. I probably ate my weight in shrimp and crab. The side dishes were a mere afterthought. I did enjoy the corn and rice. Come on, I had to have some rice with the proteins!2nd experience:"Dude, I think the guy at the front is hitting on you." Our waiter proceeds to act awfully friendly to my co-worker. We picked on him for the rest of the evening. It was cute!I was in town for a convention for work. My boss treated us to dinner here. I was so excited since I already knew what to expect. We all ordered our own crab and shared shrimp and sides. The Hot N Juicy special sauce all the way! I learned the ways of H&J.Last notes:  If you're in it to win it, go for the H&J special sauce mild. Medium to me seems too spicy, but that's just me.  I'm the type that can't handle Hot Cheetos....This place gets super crowded so it's best to try to get there before the dinner rush if you can.
5	So my previous review was of the other HNJ closer to Decatur and it was not good. I thought surely this other location (valley view) cant be as bad so my friend and I went here for dinner tonight and im sure glad we did. We arrived at 730 and were seated in about 5 minutes. The hostess was super cheerful and friendly and gave us bibs and a fresh roll of paper towels as she sat us. Our server came shortly after and asked for our drink orders and asked if we had ever been there before and we said no so they could explain how it works to my friend. Our server was very thorough she took the time to explain the different shellfish and the different seasonings. We decided on 1lb of shrimp each with the hot n juicy seasoning but hers extra spicy and mine just mild. I like spicy things but that mild gets my nose running! We also ordered corn sauasage and potato in our bags. And we got an order of cajun fries. Our fries came out within 8 minutes they were hot and golden and had a little kick to them...they were just perfect. 5 minutes later our shrimp came and we dug right in. Deeeeeelicious! My friend really enjoyed her meal and was happy i picked that spot for our dinner. The food was on point and the service was wonderful im so glad I went to this location because I will be coming back.
5	I just wanted to add further comment that I was personally contacted by this company about my experience.  They wanted to know what day I dined so that they could investigate to find out what may have gone wrong with my meal.  I'm impressed that they care enough about their customers to followup and try to prevent any problems they can find so future diners won't have a similar experience.  Every restaurant can have a bad day, or bad product that is unknown as the product was properly prepared.  Everyone else in the place was having a great time and loving the food.  I heard no complaints, just praise, and trust me there is no way I could not hear what the people were saying ;-D.  This restaurant was listed in the top 30 must eat meals in Las Vegas and I can see why.  While I may have had some difficulties, I would still recommend eating there to other friends, especially if they want to have a good time with their meal.  Based on the chance my experience was unique, that everything I did eat was very tasty, and that this company cares as much as they do - I will be going back again another day to give them another chance.  I hope it's good.  This is the kind of place I would like to bring a group of friends to for a tasty meal and a great time - something everyone else in the place seemed to be having that night.  Service was excellent in any case.
3	Not sure why people love this place so much! It's good, but I know I don't particularly don't enjoy eating my food out of a plastic baggie! Yes it's hot & juicy for sure, and yes it makes sense to wear the traditional crab eating bib and to use the gloves, but I damn, I don't know, I would have preferred a bowl, or a plate. And definitely use the gloves, but your hands will still smell for a day or so!The grab & mussels were good. The corn fritters were amazing!
4	Delicious!!! I was skeptical about trying it because I've been so spoiled in California with all of our options with crawfish restaurants but I'm glad I decided to try it out! We had the sweet potato fries for the appetizer and it was good. We ordered the crawfish but they were out of the red (wasn't too fond of the crawfish they substituted it with) don't order it if they're out of red crawfish. The sauce was good but it could save the taste of the crawfish. We also had the shrimp in the house spice I believe. I loved it! The shrimp was huge, not soggy and flavorful! The lobster was great also! Huge lobster and a lot of sauce! The service was okay, but the food made up for everything!
3	Maybe I'm stupid but I ordered the calamari from here to go.  It was good, but not great, and seemed a bit expensive at nearly $11.  Will have to go back here for crawfish.
5	always fresh and flavorful, a must see if you are in las vegas.
5	Definately better than Boiling Crab, Kickin' Cajun, & Cajun King back in Hawaii. They make the shrimp way more juicier and with more of a kick to its taste. I was in crawfish heaven. Lol. We had a party of 4 and ordred 3 pounds of shrimp, hot, spicy and mild with butter. I probably ate most of the mild with buttershrimp because I love butter with my seafood. My boyfriend, his brother and his cousin mostly ate the hot and spicy shrimp. I tried the hot and spicy shrimp; it wasn't that hot, but I think the aftertaste got me. Haha. We also got side orders of rice just to keep the spicyness to a level. The corn in the bag was also amazing to its taste! I've never ate such a juicy corn smuthered in mild sauce before. By the time the bag was almost gone, I was really full. Good stuff!
3	The name of this place is funny, their food is tasty and if you dine in you'll reek of garlic :-) We came to this Hot N Juicy Crawfish based on a Yelp search in China Town.  They have a lot of high rated reviews by locals and it was something different from where we usually when in Vegas.   Restaurant~ This place is busy with loads of people wearing plastic bibs and gloves eating bags of garlic immersed cooked crustaceans.  It's very open with plenty of seating for small or large groups of peeps.  One of the first things you notice when you walk in is the BLAST of garlic odor.  I normally love the smell of garlic, but this was too intense for me.  Service~ like a lot of places anymore! some of the people that work here are really friendly and seem very helpful and then there are a few that were not helpful at all and seem to treat us like number takers...  Maybe it's because they are so busy, but that's just an excuse.  I could care less man vs food dined here, which is what two of the servers told us and it's on their menu.  I'm looking for quality of taste and not quantity of food to conquer.  Food~ we had shrimp, clams and crawfish cooked in their juicy sauce which was very good but loads and loads of garlic...  This is an A-OK place especially if you're planning to do take out!  I recommend going when the crawfish are in season, order to go and share the good eats with some friends.
4	I absolutely love hot n juicy! Loud, fun environment and great food!! Only reason why I'm rating this place four stars, is because I find it a little too pricey.
5	I was so excited to try this and it did not disappoint! We tried the hot and juicy crawfish as well as a half pound of butter shrimp for my little one. We also got a basket of chicken nuggets with sweet potato fries for the kids. Although it took me a while to get used to peeling crawfish, Everything was delicious! We arrived at 4:30pm and got the last booth before the crowds began. Also, I accidentally left my credit card and when I discovered it was gone I called them and thy held it for me safely and returned it to me after I showed them my ID.
4	Thats my fav place to go and kill my stomach :) pound of shrimps in a lemon/pepper  medium spicy, ask for corn inside the bag, sweet potato fries and blue moon....thats all you need for amazing day! its 4 of 5 stars, cause restrooms (which you def need before and after meal) most of the times are dirty, they could keep it more clean, keep eye on toilet paper and towels... its always messy.
5	Really enjoyed the customer service we had here. I believe the guys name was Mark, he was very informative and really friendly. The food was good too! Have ate at similar places before that usually are just whole in the walls but this place looked nicer than expected in the inside. Also the price was great for all we got. Definitely recommend trying it out.
1	The worst crawfish restaurant and the worst service forever.  Im so upset ab the food over here. I should have gone to Boiling Crap instead of here.
5	One of our favorites...
5	I'm not a "crawfish" eater - but this place really ROCKED! The Menu was simple - the food was AWESOME - and Joey provided OUTSTANDING SERVICE! And Lainie Biagi, the manager made sure we had everything one would want - I highly recommend this restaurant and I'm told their sister restaurants are just as good. By the way, I had the fried shrimp and it was positively the best I have ever had! A must eat at kind of place!
5	What's better than good? Great? No! The answer is, "Finger licking good!" And let me tell you, Hot n Juicy is the definition of finger licking good cause I will always be licking my fingers afterwards! This place is delicious. I moved out of Las Vegas for a period of time and whenever I visited this city, I always always always have to eat at Hot n Juicy at least ONCE. It is always a must! The flavors are unique and different. No, I didn't come here due to "Man vs. Food" .. in fact, I never watched that show. I came here because I heard it was good and their first location was ALWAYS packed! The wait is always humongous! And yes, there are actually two locations and this one is their second location on Spring Mountain. It's newer so the decor is more modern and the ventilation should be a whole lot better than their first building. So you don't like crawfish? That's fine. I don't really have a preference for them either. In fact, I think they're not really worth it. Each crawfish doesn't have much meat ... you'll be eating a few tons before you get full! Why? Well, Hot n Juicy sells it by the pound ... so with the little amount of actual edible goodness you get that comes in the huge clanky shells, you don't get much. But no worries! There is SHRIMP on the menu!! Of course, there's crab and whatnot on the menu too but that's not my concern. SHRIMP is my recommendation and it will fill you up for sure!!So what they do is sell seafood by the pound. You get to choose a sauce and the spicyness level between mild and extra spicy. The shrimp is cooked in the sauce and they bring it to you in a plastic bags. Yes, it's different. Yes, you may not like being served food still in the bag. Sure, you may not like using your hands and they got plastic gloves for you folks. But it is YUMMYLICIOUS. Prepare to get messy ;) It's honestly worth a try ... get adventurous once in a while. You never know what you'll come across!I typically order 1 lb of shrimp. Hot n Juicy special. Add corn to that. As for the spicyness level, it depends on my mood. I have tried mild, medium, and spicy. Mild is the best and their mild is not the traditional mild. It's actually spicier than what people would consider mild. It is delicious with a little kick to it that gives it an oomph. Medium, to me, was very similar to the mild ... no real big difference. Now, spicy, that's the REAL kicker! It was SO GOOD. SO SPICY. SO FLAMING HOT. But honestly, go for the mild. I usually also order the cajun fries. They used to make them as regular fries with cajun powder on top but now they've incorporated the two? Who knows how they go about it but it's pretty good. So their sauces have a lot of garlic in them. You'll be eating and smelling garlic all night. Be sure you're a garlic lover! You'll even take the smell home so be careful of what you wear and what you bring in! Make sure they're all easily washable :D And a tip...if you're using your hands to eat, make sure to ask the waitress for some limes/lemons. After you finish eating, wipe your hands with the paper towels to get rid of ALL sauces on your hands. Then you wash and rub your hands with the lime/lemon. Do it thoroughly. It should take off a good deal of the smell away from your hands. Then you just wipe your hands again to get rid of the lemony goodness and wash your hands the regular way! :DAnd now I'm craving some Hot n Juicy after writing this review!
4	We come here every time we go to Vegas. Who wouldn't love donning a bib as an excuse to be as messy as a baby? After securing your bib you put on your plastic gloves and boom you're ready to demolish some sea creatures for an hour or two!The food comes out happily swimming in one of their five house sauces, and you order by the pound. Plop! See through plastic bags of shrimp, mussels, crawfish, lobster, will be thrown on the table and your mission begins. It's an exported Louisiana style dining experience! I recommend getting the Hot n Juicy sauce, at mild spiciness. It's by far the tastiest and their mild spicy level has a deceivingly strong kick. This is for garlic lovers only, and is not a low sodium meal!This year the crawfish were smaller and out of season, so they were made from frozen and not as fresh. The shrimp were large and excellent as always, and served with the head on. Mmm, brains. For mussels order the green mussels over the black, they will be larger and more flavorful. Great for groups and sharing, but also fun for a date with some hands on eating!
5	I love hot & juicy so I'm glad they opened this location. We came here after the grand opening for the first time since the older location is smaller and was always busy. My friend works here and ended up being or server the first night and the other workers were very nice too. As always, I ordered a pound of shrimp, rice and fries for myself. It's pretty cheap to eat here considering how good the food is. It's worth getting messy and eating with your hands lol. I will come here again in the future when I'm in town again.
4	My first time here. I had heard the sauces/seasoning were awesome but they were a little "off" to me. Other than that the seafood was delicious and service was well above par. Don't forget to try their Cajun Fries. Mmm
4	Fun place to come and eat with friends cuz it's gonna take awhile to peel and eat your dinner.  Would do it again but take it from me, don't wear white or anything you like cuz you WILL get messy.
4	I'm a huge fan of Boiling Crab in SJ.  Reasons why this place is better:  Wayyyyy less of a wait and it was on Man vs. Food.  Only issue really is that they only have 2 servers for the entire restaurant, so sometimes if they get busy it can be hard to get their attention.  Love the sauce, really flavorful and buttery.  Watch out, things will get messy but it's totally worth it.
2	Been here numerous times, I was actually going to hot n juicy before they were ever on the travel channel.And the food is good like all the other reviews says. The seafood is a good size and the flavors are wonderful.Now my only gripe about this place is the service is terrible and seems to be getting worse. We usually go to boiling crab because we get such crappy service at hot n juicy now. Went here tonight for dinner and our food came out promptly. And everything was ok but the server literally was inches away from our table and never bothered to ask if everything was ok. He did that a few times and I saw him looking at our table but he never said everything ok? My boyfriends beer was empty halfway through the meal and he didn't ask if he wanted another one, I wanted a water refill and he never came. The worst part is we finally put our napkins and bibs on the table indicating we were done and he just looked at us and then walked away to bus a table behind us. We clearly wanted the check. He then refilled my water but I was done eating already. And I know he knew we were done but he never came with the check. We finally had to ask another server right in front of him for our tab. I guess because they know people will keep coming to this place so they don't care about service. So I'm sure nothing will change and they will continue to hire servers who don't care about doing their job.
5	this is the place to go when u got a sinus infection or just open up your pores with some good cajun seafood . even though i usually just get the fried shrimp basket with the cajun fries i do seldom put those gloves on and go to work literally
4	This place really deserves the 5 stars.. its a tad bit pricy but worth it. I had the shrimp with the medium hot n juicy marinade they got.. let me say that medium had a real good kick to it. I also ordered the soft shell crab basket and it comes with fries deep fried soft shell crab and it also is really great. But the softshell crab basket is not that big at all..  People need to try this place for sure.. I would give it the full 5 stars it deserves but its jus a lil pricy like I said in the begining with 1lb of shrimp. The soft shell crab basket and 2 drinks it came out to $30.. we left there hungry because its very little for wat you get. But definitely worth chrcking it out
5	So I guess my review my fall short as this was my first seafood place I have been to in Vegas and the first time I ever tried oysters so I can't compare to other places.  But I am now obsessed with oysters and I love love love their seasoning choices. We got the hot n spicy everything but I loved it and can't wait to try more! The king crab legs were huge and full of meat! The shrimp and oysters were our fav! Didn't do the crawfish as I find them pointless cause there's little to no meat. The others I was with got some fried fish basket things, I'm not big on fried seafood so I didn't try it but they loved that as well. Service seemed friendly and prompt. Can't wait to go back! Yum yum and yummm!
3	In my opinion, it is not as good as the Boiling Crab in Westminster, California.  But in Vegas, this fix will hold me over. The garlic taste is there, but the popular "Hot N Juicy" seasoning just didn't have the kick I was hoping for.  Here's what I ordered:Sausages: just okShrimp: pretty goodClams: pretty goodCorn: wow, lots of spicesCajun fries: deliciousChicken wings: pretty good!One thing I do like: they offer gloves for people who do not like to get their hands dirty (i.e. my husband). I personally think that getting your hands dirty is part of the experience. They also have lobster!!!But I think I'll just wait to go to Orange County for my Cajun fix.
1	Shorter wait.. Good food but Very Poor Costumer Service! Literally! If you guys wants to eat at HnJ Crawfish, i suggest to just go to the other location less than a mile from here! Food is the same but Customer Service is wayyyyyy different! Longer wait but worth it! This HnJ location has shorter wait but after they get your order, it will take 1 1/2 hours for it to come! Asked 3 staff but they just keep saying "ok"... Really?  and oh! Where's the butter? Isn't that a very simple request? Where's my water? How come we only have 3 pcs of gloves? We actually have 4 hands in total?  Goodness! We're done eating already.. Nvm!  Our vegas trip was kinda ruin because of this!
5	Amazing.  I feel like ive been there 3 times in the span of a week amazing. The staff is friendly, the place is clean and the food is greatIm a country girl so I enjoy a plastic covered table where they have rolls of paper towels and bibs. Does it really get any better than that??I have tried the garlic butter and the lemon pepper seasonings. Garlic butter is BOMB!!! Lemon pepper is delish just a little more on the salty side that is even too much for a salt lover like myself.Also for hotness level mild is freakin hot. I dont like spicey foods so I thought mild would be ok.. NO.. no its not.. its like fire. So anything more is a risk you've got to be willing to take.Baby spice is pretty much no spice with is just fine with me.Go try everything twice then go again!
5	I come to vegas often to play poker. I always make it a point to visit HotnJuicy.Crab legs, shrimp, oysters. Everything is amazing. Are you going to smell of the special seasoning sauce after? Most definitely.This is one of my favorite spots to eat off strip. Fantastic as always.
4	I'm an avid lover for Boiling Crab, but when that place gets too crowded Hot n' Juicy comes in second for me.Personally, I'm a shrimp lover. I love a little spice to my food, but not too much where my nose is running. With that said, I get the shrimp with the Hot n' Juicy season mild. No surprise here that I have to order a side of cajun fries. I feel like you can't go to these types of restaurant and NOT order a side of cajun fries.The only difference with the sauce is that this one seems a tad bit sweeter than Boiling Crab. I'm still a lover either way =) This place also has a bigger selection on beer.So if you're into cajun food, but want to drink tons of beer as well - this place takes it over Boiling Crab. Although both places are good and you can't go wrong with either.
4	Hot N Juicy is an experience as much as it is a delicious dining destination. Where else can you don bibs and suck away on crab legs, shrimp and clams doused in "hot n juicy" chili sauce (or garlic butter or lemon pepper, depending on your preference) that arrive in plastic bags?Every table has two paper towel rolls, 'cuz this restaurant knows it's gonna get messy. I couldn't take any photos because they would've come out looking nasty. But looks are deceiving!The sauces are heavenly. I suggest you try all of them. Wash the seafood down with mozzarella sticks and cajun fries (or sweet potato fries, if that's your thing). Trust me on this.Haven't been to Boiling Crab so can't make a comparison in that regard, but I was very, very happy with Hot N Juicy!
5	Disclaimer: I've never been to a Boiling Crab, or any other crawfish/shrimp/whatever establishment.Considering I don't really have a means of comparison against the competition, I must say, I really enjoyed this meal. Juicy and spicy shrimp and crawfish.. chock full of cholesterol, but hey, who cares? YOLO. .....Feel free to punch me if I ever say "YOLO" again.
4	Great shrimp and crawfish! It's not Louisiana, but it is as close as you can get in the area. I will say it is season dependent, which is something you should expect for the crawfish. I have gone a few times and the crawfish were not up to par... but you shouldn't expect it at all times of the year. It is extremely busy, but the food is great! Plan on getting messy... the experience is just as great as the shrimp!
5	OMG. Was our waitress Brittany so helpful and friendly. In from out of state and she just explained everything and answered all our questions. Will sure be back and hope we have her again.
5	Being from New Orleans I grew up on seafood so I was expecting to get bad seafood. Well it was way better than I expected. We was givin 2 crawfish a piece to test which I enjoyed. I ordered 1/2 pound of shrimp the sauce was hot n juicy which is a combination of all the spices together and the spice level was baby spice. I also ordered the shrimp basket and that was real good also.The waiter was very handsome and nice he explained the menu and kept the drinks coming. I will go again on my next visit to Vegas.
4	The reason for my review today is not to rave about their food, which is great, but their employees. One in particular at this location, Juan. Today I left my keys on the table, silly accident. I was positive the keys were on the table. I called twice & no one seemed to help. So I came up there being that I was positive I left them there. So instead of the back & forth w/ my server about what he did do and why he couldn't have threw them away. I asked if I could look myself, after all it's my fault and my keys so I have no problem finding them. I can't blame him for not wanting to help look it's a seafood restaurant so it was pretty gross. Juan, who was not my server btw, got in the dumpster & found my keys. I then tried to tip him for helping me. Being that he just saved me money on a new starter and he didn't even accept it. Awesome. Thanks so much Juan I really appreciate you for getting dirty for me.
5	really really good! come visit if in vegas 2nd best cajun style seafood place ive been hard to get find a taxi back to the strip though but the food was worth it and the staff there are attentive the wait was not too bad also id def come back
5	One of our "go to" restaurants in Vegas .. snow crab with lemon pepper medium with sausage is our fav ..
3	Ughhh DANA IS EFFIN RUDE! And needs to be retrained on customer service or she needs to be fired ASAP! But the food is awesome! Just need better servers ! Kay thanks bye!
5	It was a disgustingly perfect experience. Extra points for making the crawfish nuclear hot!!
4	Everything was good. Both the muscles and the service (our server was Stephanie) we're GREAT! This place may be off the strip, but if you want some good sea food you should drive.
5	Food was very very good but the best part of it it had to be my waitress Molly she was great and she even pilled all my shrimp for me ask for Molly and she's gorgeous
3	Service was slow and inconsistent.  Brought the main meal first and the sides 10-15 mins later. Had to remind waitress about the rice I ordered and they stated they ran out of rice for the night. The reason might be they were closing but still have to be considerate about the  late night cravers. They had to suggest dinner rolls to exchange for the rice.
5	Came here with a friend and didn't know what to expect when I walked in. First off the table was covered in plastic with a roll of paper towels on the side. The hostess gave us plastic bibs. I knew this was going to get messy. You order your food by the lbs, mostly seafood. I was quite amazed at how delicious everything was. You really get hands on and messy as you open up a bag of seasoned shrimp, crab legs or crawfish. First time experiencing this and I would love to try this place again.
5	I went here a few nights ago for the first time, and was very satisfied. The food is messy, but so delicious! I will be going back!
5	Went here with my boyfriend for the first time last week. I was impressed with the food &service, my waitress Stephanie never kept us waiting and kept our glasses full, checked on us few times through out our meal and tended to our every request. The food was amazing!  Food comes fully shelled so you have to peel it yourself, a little work but it's worth it!
2	So..I was really excited and looking forward to trying this place that started it all, home of the Original and first Hot and Juicy establishment here in Vegas. I arrived a little before dinner time and the place wasn't packed. Ok. I got it, it's because no one has come for dinner yet. So, I'm happy about not having to wait but Not so happy about the service and their crawfish that day. The service was slow and unfriendly and the crawfish was not fresh at all. It was small and very chewy. I know crawfish is not in season in February when i went but I thought they serve up fresh live crawfish year round. I didn't expect it to be less great (being the first one opening) than their place in Washington D.C where it never disappoint. Every chance I visit D.C, I always stop by to order or eat in. The flavor of their sauces there seems tastier, more flavorful, and crawfish fresher. If anyone has a chance to visit D.C and loves crawfish as much as I do, then stop by the Hot n Juicy there!
5	My friends and I always come here for some great tasting seafood! It never fails to satisfy our craving! We always get the hot n' juicy special for all of your seafood and its just so darn tasty I have to lick all my fingers!They offer seafood sold at market price and by the pound:ShrimpGreen musselsblk musselsclamssnow crabking crabcraw fish and two other crab species that are seasonal. Bibs and gloves are given to protect the digits and your clothing from splatter when you are eating. We always try to go early. This place will always have some wait time so if you are in a large group plan ahead. We go to the one on Valley View and Spring mountain because it is the larger one on our side of town and the parking lot is a larger compared to the decatur location. Parking can be a hassle during peak business hours but there are lots behind the restaurant you can park at with a short walk. Cajun fries are delicious and always served fresh and crunchy! A MUST TRY!
2	This was my second experience with this restaurant.   The food was OK, but the service was just awful.   I can live with a place that is really low-brow in presentation.  No plates.  No spoons.  Paper cups. Food served in plastic bags served on a plastic table cloth.  No utensils were offered at all.  I had a few pounds of HotNJuicy crayfish that tasted pretty good, but were swimming in enough garlic to choke a small country.  Not that there's anything wrong with garlic.   Back to the utensils.  OK I get it.  Crayfish is something you eat with our fingers, but I'm supposed to eat boiled potatoes with my fingers?  That's too much to ask.   I'd also like to get offered the option of some sort of condiment with the crayfish.  Some cocktail sauce or melted butter would have been really nice, but despite having at least 6 waitresses in the place they barely spoke to us at all.  They just kept walking past us over and over helping other tables.  It was seriously incompetent wait service.  The person who took our order never really came back to ask us if we needed anything at all and we had to waive down somebody to bring a check and then we waited at least 10 minutes for change.  The highlight of the meal was the soft shell crab basket.  The fries were perfectly cooked and the crab was plentiful and tasty.  Well done and a descent deal at around $11.  The $11 per pound price on the crayfish was high considering that there was not really a ton of food in a whole bag full.   At the end of the meal I started noticing everyone else had a bowl of lemons and what looked like a finger bowl.  We never got and because nobody was paying any attention to us at all it was a problem,  This is really messy stuff to eat.  Your fingers get caked up with garlic and spices and paper towels simply do not handle it.  When we asked for something to wash out hands we were instructed to go to the restroom - which was actually quite nasty inside.  Dark.  Dirty.  Pretty gross actually.  All I needed was a descent wet wipe like the kind most restaurants that serve messy food offer you.  Better than that would have been a finger bowl of lemon water.  I'm sorry, but if you're going to sell people food at $20-$40  per person the least you can do is offer them a wet wipe.
4	I give it four stars for the food.  Service is very poor, to say the least, but worth putting up with just to eat the food. Again, I agree with my friend, Clint. My wife has done crab legs and crab; I've done the Crawfish. We've both done the Shrimp. My suggestion; stay with the shrimp. Order it to your spice level of comfort. I like the Cajun Fries, my wife likes the Sweet Potato Fries. Go early, or you will have a tough time finding parking and be greeted with a long wait. It is pricey, but a great eating experience. We have taken my wife's relatives and friends from Korea to this place, and they always want to come back and make it their last meal before they return to home. Not a great place for a first date, but great for someone you're very comfortable with, who isn't into trendiness and snobby atmospheres.
5	Always the best. Eating here makes you happy. And wheb theyvhave fresh crawfish it is truly juicy. Yummmy!!
5	I love this place....coming from Houston where u can get crawfish anywhere...here makes me feel lk home!!!! Hot and Spicy seasoning...spicy soooooo good!!! Add cajun fries YUM....Ask for Alexis or AJ..... :)
5	Come here to release all the stress from work and enjoy their HOT N JUICY SHRIMP!!! Must go if your in town!!!
2	This was my first time coming here and it was about what I had expected.  The food was nothing spectacular and the service was decent.  Our waitress could have been more attentive to us but I can cut her a little bit of slack because she had around 5 other tables with full parties that she had to watch over.  Specifically on the food, it seemed a bit over priced compared to other restaurants in town (Boiling Crab).  I personally didn't order any seafood as I just ordered a catfish basket and tried my friends' seafood, which had too much sauce in my opinion which was swimming at the bottom of the bag.As far as the restaurant itself, it's odd to have it as an L-shaped restaurant as opposed to a more open area.  There were a few TV's tuned to sports but they weren't very loud.Overall, it won't be my go-to spot for Cajon food, but at least now I know.
4	First time coming here on a Sunday night. The wait for two people was about 30 minutes but I was ready to grub here so I didn't mind the wait. If you plan on coming with a large group make sure everyone is present or they will give your table away... Seems fair. Fast forward to the food I ordered a 1 pound of snow crab legs and my friend ordered 1 pound of shrimp and we both shared the Cajun fries. The fries were great with a nice kick to it. We ordered or seafood with the hot n juicy sauce (all 3 flavors) it was awesome! Tried a few other places and this probably would be up there with the top 3, EXCEPT the service! It was awful. I honestly don't even know who our waiter was. I asked for something to crack open the legs, I didn't receive it until I had two legs left and no energy to attempt the remaining ones. We had to repeat ourselves several times to multiple waiters just to get something. It was very frustrating. If the service were better I would probably go back but I may try a different location. Just be aware great food, crap service.
5	Five stars for sureThis was my first time IN  Las Vegas and it was pretty good.A wonderful experience!
4	I had a chance to visit this place while in Vegas over Memorial Day weekend. I saw it featured on Man Vs Food... It's tucked away in Chinatown. The ladies greet you all at once... Very nice... They seat you then hand you the very short and straight to the point menu. I ordered the crawfish.. They were a bit pricey compared to Texas at $10.99lb and I also ordered the snow crab legs which were $16.99lb... The sweet potato Cajun fries were amazing as well!. They don't serve wine or champagne by the glass so I had to purchase an entire bottle for $24.99. I ordered the hot and juicy special and the spice level was HOT! They were awesome!
4	Hot and juicy medium with some rice on the side! Oh yeah I love coming here after a hard day at work and working to get my food. I like to think I have great patience! It is well worth it though.. Mixed with rice ask occasionally a corn or potato! I'll be back again and again
5	This is my favorite stop when I'm in Vegas. For some reason, I like this location better. The crawfish is so good and spicy. Oh yes it burns! But it's the good kind of burn. I've had the shrimp, snow crabs and crawfish in the hot and juicy sauce. Try them all. It's the best sauce ever!
5	Sooooo gooooood!Put the lemon pepper sauce on everything! I had the lemon pepper shrimp and crab legs and they were both the BOMB. And if you get the chance, make sure Britney is your waitress. She's better than the lemon pepper sauce!!!
5	I absolutely loved this place! Ordered crawfish with Lemmon pepper. In my opinion it's better than boiling crab!
3	Great food, but our server was terrible. Checked on us once, and flew our change on the table in a rude fashion. He probably was thinking that he was gonna get change for a tip. I was gonna leave him a good tip, but changed my mind after that. Everyone else that worked there was friendly however. Just our luck to get a bad server.
5	So good!!! I love the lemon pepper sauce. The shrimp and clams were both delicious. What really made our experience the best was our awesome server KB...she was so helpful and has such a positive attitude. Definitely coming back!
3	Food quality : freshFood quantity: 1 lb green mussel has 7 pieces with small pieces inside shell, Cajun fries is in abundance, 1 lb shrimp smaller in size than buckets of crab.Food arrived within 15 minutes.Servers disappeared after food arrived. Had to ask for more water.Waiter forgot a persons food after asking several times. Food was taken off bill. So he didn't eat anything. Would have been a 5 if order wasn't messed up on and food quantity was more.Still waiting for check. Not a good service for after eating.
5	With Shrimp being my Favorite, this place is the best place forIt. I am in love with the lemon pepper (no spice) it's sooooo yummy!!!!! Down side of thing is... I hope you don't have anywhere important to go After you eat here because you clothes will smell so bad lol :)
5	Ordered the crawfish Cajun and garlic as well as crab and shrimp and left there stuffed and satisfied. Busy place but we didn't have to wait long and the waiters were quick and offered us plenty of paper towels and whatever else we needed before having to ask. Food is delicious and fresh. Crawfish was amazing and I reeked of garlic the entire day. I will be back.
1	Service was horrendous! First off, kids were running around and playing hide and seek behind our chairs, but kids are kids...chalked it up to parents not paying attention...Our food was thrown at us... Ranch dressing fell all over the table and floor. No one cleaned it up. We planned on continuing to order but our server was an eye roller and totally rude. The gal cleaning the restroom was huffy too! It seems as though everyone at this location must hate their job. We finished what we ordered, paid and were shorted on our change. The OTHER location is much better. I'll never come to this one again.
5	Never get enough of it! Always have shrimps hot N juicy or garlic butter. 5/5! Sweet potato fries is delicious as well. 5/5! My friends always add a corn. I ordered lobster once. 4/5! Lol I don't know how to eat it!! They said they can crack it for you. Crabs are good, my friends' favorite! 5/5! Sausages are optional,  I had them sometimes. 3/5! I have been both places. My friends like it on Decatur 4/5!,  but I kinda like it at Valley View because it is newer, even though there is wired smells and long queue! 3/5!
4	I have yet to try the lemon pepper. I want to. But I'm so in love with the hot n juicy special. We have gone to the other location many times. We choose to go to this one because it's a little newer. I always get either shrimp or mussels. Hubby always, always gets king crab legs. You must get the corn in the bag. And rolls. Just be prepared for garlic to ooze from your pores!  I like it spicy and always get medium.
1	This place sucks with customer service! Would never would go back there again when visiting Vegas from Cali. The girl who took my order never came back to ask if everything was ok or did any of them came and fill up my water as I was there alone and not with a date or anyone with me. They totally ignored me the whole time until I flagged them down to asked for them for something like the salt, black pepper, & lemon supposed to come with the order  and more water. They sold me frozen crawfish and told me they were live and fresh. They lied bc the live and fresh ones are fleshy, juicy, red, hard and not black, soft or don't fall apart and in the entire one pound bag were all small ones except for one huge one on there when are served in the bag. I was completely disappointed!
4	Very good, good value, friendly staff! I prefer the shrimp, but the crawfish is just as good. I highly recommend this place to anyone who enjoys sea food. Btw be prepared to eat a lot of food! Portions are good!
4	Marx was terrific! So 5 star for service dude! Flavors were great, and lots of spice. Overall a little too salty for my taste, crawfish is a do it once kind of thing but the shrimp, crab, and corn fritters were awesome! Cool spot, and lots of people having fun. Be ready to eat out of bags and get dirty! Fun and yum!
5	Get the spicy hot and juicy sauce it's a must if you like spicy food
4	I really have no business being in places like these since I don't eat anything from the sea or any body of water (except tuna & tilapia) but my family really loves the stuff. We showed up at their other location and the wait was too long for us (30min) because we had grumpy toddlers. We called this location and as luck would have it all we had to do was show up in the next 15min and we could be seated right away. I've never been to this one, but I like the ambiance a lot more in here than the other one...so much brighter. Honestly I can't be a reliable opinion on the crawfish or shrimp because I've never once tried even a lick. BUT I can tell ya what I thought about their chicken...?...if you're even interested to hear it haha...it's not at all the reason for people to visit here. The wings were good I guess, nothing special, no fancy sauces or spices. The fries mediocre. And the chicken nuggets...I'm almost 100% sure they were the ones you get in the freezer section at the grocery store, Tyson's. Also...I'm a ketchup snob, it is my own preference that the ketchup be Heinz and their's was definitely something generic. Everyone at the table who ate the crawfish and shrimp really enjoyed it, and their Cajun fries...I know that much. It was pretty loud in there, and the other location is the same way. I really don't like having to yell my order at the server but it is what it is. My daughter didn't appreciate the noise level, so we ate quickly and I took her outside where we played while our family finished. But otherwise, very high energy...it's a fun place to go with a really great group of people.
1	I am from the OC and when visiting Vegas my friend was raving about this place and I gotta say this is the worst crawfish joint I've ever been too. Our food took forever to come out and it was not very good. My friend and I ordered 1 dozen oysters, 1lb crawfish, 1lb clams, 1lb shrimp, fish n chips, and 1lb snow crabs. Nothing was fresh or good except the clams and fish. The crab was $15 a lb and tasted so bland and not fresh. The dozen of oysters was also horrible. Worst oysters I've ever ate and also not fresh. My most expensive dishes were both horrible. Our bill for just 2 was $90 including tip. But not only did our food taste like crap, our waitress was very rude that she pushed us off to another waitress. The next day my whole party of 10 all had stomaches and the bathroom was our best friend. It completely ruined my Vegas trip, yet alone the car ride home and it lasted for 2/3 days. Never again hot n juicy...
4	Fine dining doesn't always have to be about posh surroundings and expensive dishes.  Sometimes, if the quality of the food is high and the uniqueness of the selections are compelling, the fact that you are sitting at a picnic table with a disposable tablecloth (and no plates BTW) doesn't factor into the equation.  In a town like Vegas where everything on the strip now costs an arm and a leg (or two), finding this alternative fine dining establishment just a $10 cab ride away was a pleasure.Hot N Juicy Crawfish is a picnic table throw your food on the table type place that serves seafood by the pound.  Mussels, clams, shrimp, crab, and - of course - crawfish.  Just good quality ingredients, professionally steamed with your choice of toppings.  You can also add in some corn on the cob, potatoes and other sides just to fill out your plate.  My party tried a mix of the food with their spicy topping.  They have four tiers of spice and we chose the second to the top.  Be forewarned that the spice - while fantastically good - will bite you.  I fancy myself a spice aficienado that can handle more than most.  At first bite, the spicy didn't seem that hot.  Over time (like in the next 10 minutes), i had sweat pouring off my brow.  I felt like Nixon at a presidential debate.  If I had to do it again, woulda chose the medium just so i wouldn't have to immediately head to the hotel and take a shower.If you, like me, at some point just guest bored of the strip and need a change - Hot N Juicy is a good find just a short drive away.  There are multiple locations in Vegas - this one in particular is located in the Chinatown area.
4	Great Cajun food in Las Vegas.  I had crawfish and shrimp, extra hot.  Very delicious.  The shrimp was better than the crawfish, but both were great.The andouille sausage was mediocre at best and I wouldn't order it again.  The potatoes and corn were delicious, as well.The food is served in bags in a wet sauce.  It's not the typical way I've had crawfish and shrimp.  It was different, but quite delicious.I would definitely go back.  Give it a try!
1	This is the worst place to go.. Crawfish was so small and dry... Crab legs had no taste... It took them forever to make food as well.Better go seafood supermarket and buy some live crabs and boil them.
5	I love this place been here twice now and the shrimp and crawfish are amazing if you don't mind getting your hands dirty and love sea food check this place out.
1	Tonight I placed a phone order for pick up. The young lady who took the order gave me a 15 minute wait time. I get there within the wait time and pay for my order. I sit waiting almost an hour before a waitress sits down next to me; "We forgot to put your order in. Its going to take another 15-20 minutes and you'll be put in the system for a free meal the next time you order." I sat for another 20 minutes and asked for my refund of the money already paid. The cashier began to hesitate like she didn't know what to do. Eventually as they were refunding my money the food came from underneath the counter; not the window where everyone else's food came from. I think this establishment needs a bit more customer service and less texting from their employees.
2	Food was good! Service was horrible!our waitress was in attentive and could care less if we were there or not! She didn't go out of way to make us feel like guests and every time we asked for items she behaved as if we were bothering her!! I guess she missed the customer service part when she applied for the job. I'll go back just because the food is good but hopefully I won't have her waiting on me again!!
4	Food was great but the service really wasn't all that great. Food came out before waiter brought us our drinks, didn't give us any gloves, just wasn't very attentive.
2	We used to love coming to this place. Their food is super yummy! BUT eating out at a restaurant is partly so we can be served rather than serving ourselves at home. Today, the only time we saw our server was when she took our order and delivered it. My boyfriends water cup was empty from halfway through the meal til we left.. we never saw her and wasn't even there to deliver our check. We had to ask one of the other servers ourselves! What made it worse was that the server checked on the tables around us but our table!Not coming back to this place again :( I would rather go to the original location or boiling crab
5	Had the shrimp and mussels with the corn fritters. All delish! Off the strip but way worth it!
5	This was the second time I've been to Hot N Juicy and both times they have not disappointed. Got 2 pounds of crawfish and the corn fritters and both were great. We were greeted immediately and our server was very attentive. Presented me the different teas and, of course, I had to choose the sweet tea. With this being a Tuesday, it was a good time to get in here as its always crowded on the weekends. Overall, the crawfish was on point and so were my wife's shrimp. Make sure to get them boiled in the garlic butter, or other seasonings as it makes it that much better. If you have a chance to make it out during the week, please do it. It's not as crowded and they will take good care of you.
5	We come here every time we're in Vegas.  This was the first time I ordered the chicken wings, since I wasn't too hungry-It was really good!   The crab was cooked perfectly.  Oysters were good too.  There are 2 locations on Spring Mountain, this one is the we go to because it is a but bigger than the other.
5	Originally I gave 2 stars but it wasn't based on how delicious the food was but how bad the service was. Jillian, the asst. manager, reached out to me to give a second chance which I did. My husband and I had dinner last night and not only was the food amazing once again but the service was great!!! Our waitress was attentive and upbeat! She genuinely gave us A+ service! I can't wait to bring my mom be next time!Thanks Jillian and Marc for caring about your customers!
3	OK so I was REALLY REALLY looking forward to getting my Lousiana style crawfish / seafood. I've been missing my Boiling Crab in Cali. This was probably the closest I would get, since they don't have it in Chicago. I was a little disappointed by the crawfish, because the shell was super thick and hard, and there was just something a little different about the sauce. I still ate like a beast, don't get me wrong. I mean how can you not be a little messy when you eat with your hands and there's sauce everywhere...but I think I really would have enjoyed it a lot more if the crawfish was like what they give you at Boiling Crab. Maybe they're from a different region? It really makes a difference if their shells are so hard, makes it difficult to peel. And the taste of the crawfish meat was even different! Almost like it was a "lower grade" of seafood meat.Anyway, we also ordered clams, crab legs, and shrimp. I really enjoyed the crab legs and clams, and the shrimp was pretty good too. We got fries to share, which was a welcomed distraction for our tongues after too much spicy/garlic-y goodness. I loved the corn on the cob, as usual.
5	Such good food!!! I love this restaurant. It's REALLY MESSY. But worth it! You'll wear gloves and a bib it's pretty funny. The shrimp is so fresh and the seasoning is ridiculous. I would definitely try this place again.
5	Another successful delish meal at Hot N Juicy. Every single time I am in Vegas we religiously come eat here. We get the pounds of Shrimp, sweet potato ff and some chilled beers. The food is consitently excellent. The service is friendly and patient. The dining room is inviting, clean and nicely decorated. The have elevated booths along the wall giving it a bar feel. The music they play is good and they also have a lot of Flat Screen TV.s I LOVE me some Hot N Juicy!!!
3	I've been here a few times. I'm from Louisiana, and honestly this is the closest thing to southern seafood in Las Vegas. The service is always a bit slow, but nothing unbearable. We ordered 3lbs shrimp, one had to be sent back because they were cooked too long and wouldn't peel & we ordered a 2lb lobster. Shrimp were very good, seasoning excellent, but the lobster severely lacked in flavor. Also had to wait 5 minutes after the lobster was delivered to receive the cracker tool to eat the lobster. Cajun calamari is good, small portion though. Overall, I would go back, just not waste money on the lobster & also expect a wait to be greeted and place order.
5	Everything was exceptional customer service. The food was amazing. Our server Draya was amazing. Always checked up on us and always got everything we needed very quickly. Always come back here. If you have Draya you'll be in luck!.
2	Experience:  I had been eyeing this place since I first moved here. Being a native Louisianaian, I was happy to see a spot that had crawfish.  I mean, I am a true head-sucking, tail-eating fool!!!  Most crawfish I have eaten has been a crawfish boil at someone's house. Then some friends wanted to go to Hot and Juicy, and I definitely joined the party. Service:  One of our friends at the table also worked here, so we were treated very well. Not really sure how the wait staff would be without our VIP. Food:  Ok, I'm probably not the best person to critique the food, because I'm a little biased of what good crawfish is. We did order a whole bunch of seafood for the table, because they have many other things...we had crawfish, crab legs, muscles, shrimp, and clams.  I started out with the crawfish...of course...and was immediately thrown off with the heavy garlicky almost sweet flavor of the boil it was in. I tried all the other seafood, but just did not care for this flavor no matter what the host. The friend that works here suggested I order the Louisiana style, so I jumped all over that.  I ordered the crawfish extra spicy too!  It was much better than the original flavoring, but still not like home. I guess I'm just a crawfish snob. Overall review:  I won't be back anytime soon.  I will save my crawfish cravings to be satisfied when I go home to Louisiana to see my kin folks.
4	Finally got to try this place. Crawfish and crab was delicious. I also really enjoyed the corn fritters. Will most likely come back next time I'm in town.
4	we ordered garlic butter flavor king crab legs and hot n juicy crawfish. They were spicy and delicious. If they could clean the crawfish better, just like cutting gills off, taking intestine out...that would be better
3	I had never heard of hot n juicy but the ladies I was with were obsessed so we had to come in.It was a Saturday night and the place wasn't too crowded. There were people at almost every table but it was only a couple of minutes before we were seated. They have plastic on all the tables. They give you a bucket, bib, and gloves because it gets pretty messy. I ordered a pound of shrimp with two small red potatoes. I had hot and juicy seasoning in spicy. My shrimp had eyes, ears, tails, and all that good stuff. As delicious as it was having to peel all the shrimp was time consuming and annoying. Sometimes you just wanna hurry and get to your food. The peeling slowed me down but I still enjoyed the flavor of the shrimp and potatoes. The prices here are great. They have other choices of seafood as well. I would return but it's not a number one priority. When in the mood for seafood and I don't mind a little extra work I'd stop in.
4	Bomb.com ! It was good and fresh. Awesome serves and good pricing. Order a level 9 spicy and it was great I should of gone for a 10. The best sauce to go with the Hot & spicy. Everything else is not all that.
4	It's exactly the same as the other one down the street. Maybe a little smaller. Just as delicious. It can get quite busy sometimes and may be hard to flag a server down. But totally worth a little side trip from the strip just for dinner.
5	After seeing a special with Hot N Juicy Crawfish Las Vegas on the Food Network, I had to give this place a try when we were in town last week.  The hubby loves seafood and I'm not much of a fan but this place definitely made me think differently.We had lunch here since it was less busy than dinner time and were so glad we had a chance to try out the food.  Everything is pretty much steamed and then tossed in thick clear plastic bags to absorb whatever sauces you choose.  They also give you gloves and bibs because it does get messy, but that is where everything tastes so much better.We ordered a dozen oysters on the half shell, 2 lbs of Dungeness crab, 2 lbs of frozen  crawdads (they didn't have any fresh ones flown in that day), and 1 lb of shrimp.  We had them all tossed in the famous Hot n Juicy sauce (which is a combination of all their flavors they have) with a spice level of Spicy.  Man, it had major kick and made all the seafood taste so much better.  The hubby was surprised to see me for the very first time actually sucking on all the sauce juices from the seafood, normally I just peel away and eat the meat.It is definitely two things that make this place well known:  the freshness and simplicity of their seafood choices, and the killer sauces everything is tossed in.  Staff were all very friendly (especially our waitress Polina) , always stopping in to make sure everything was okay.  Definitely recommend this place if you are a seafood fan.  We will return next time we are in Vegas.
5	Really really delicious food! The hot n juicy seasoning is something you have to get, and if you don't like spice much, I would recommend getting baby spice as you still get a tiny bit of sting! The staff was really nice and helpful and all round a great experience.
4	"I'll have the usual please! 1 lb of Shrimp, Hot & Juicy special, less than mild + corn on the cobb!" Honestly, the best thing ever.  I always ask for less than mild because their spice rating is a little above average and my taste buds can't handle it! I like to also eat my shrimp with a side of white rice. Delicious!All seafood orders are served in a plastic bag.  You are given a bib to eat so it doesnt go on your cloths.   It WILL get a little messy, so make sure youre not wearing white... unless you're extra careful. Also be prepared to smell like garlic for a few days! So worth it though! -- I also love their chicken wings w/ sweet potato fries.Fun atmosphere, great staff.  Theyre always attentive.  Only complaint i have is that when I ask for less than mild for my spice level, its always a hit or miss. Sometimes its spicer than other days.... so its never consistent. I've had to send my shrimp back on a few occasions.  Other than then when its perfect, its PERFECT!
4	Second or third time here, if ypu haven't been, you order by the pound, pick a sauce/flavor, pick the level of spice. This time we got lucky no waiting, we ordered a lot, one pound clams, two pounds green muscles, two pounds shrimp, one pound crab, medium heat and spicy! All very good, love that they offer gloves now, it's messy eatting but soooo good!Service was good, food good, beer cold! Hard to find parking, this location is busy!
5	By far the best place I have had seafood in Vegas. Hard to find good seafood in the middle of a desert.
5	After seeing this on Man vs. Food I had to try this place out. I got the crawfish in the mild hot and juicy seasoning and shrimp in Cajun seasoning. If I could do it again I would just get the crawfish with the hot and juicy sauce. It was so good!!! Don't forget to suck the head and wear a bib.
3	The wait was unbearably long, and they do not take reservations.  The food was good.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  The only problem... We ordered garlic butter / mild on everything.  And EVERYTHING was super spicy.  Personally I love spicy, however, we had children in our group.  Even the teenagers (who love spicy) were suffering.  When we asked about it, the waiter and another insisted that we got garlic butter / mild.  They really need to taste their own food!  The waiter said to try and drown it in butter and provided some additional bowls of rice... he added that to the bill BTW.Bottom line is that this place is good, and the food tasty.  Just beware of the spicy heat.  I find it unbelievable that their "mild" garlic butter is in-fact super spicy-hot.  Either the waiter or cooks were smoking something...
4	Ambiance: 4 - Big room. Lots of loud people. Television and good food. It's just my kind of place to be. It's super casual inside, and definitely fits the theme of the restaurant. Service: 5 - The service was fast and responsive, and our server was super funny! There was absolutely nothing to complain about. It was pretty much excellent!Food: 4 - I like and crave seafood all the time, so this is one of my go-to places for that. They give you gloves and bibs, which are a little bit pointless, because you end up smelling like sauce and garlic over your entire self, no matter what you do!! Like a regular 'seafood and sauce' place, everything is styled so you can pick your food and basically make it how you want it. Because I'm a poor college student, I always get shrimp in the Hot N Juicy in medium or mild! And if you're Asian, like me, you know you're spending on that bowl of rice! Unless you're on some diet that day. But let's face it, you're at Hot N Juicy, you came to eat!! Sometimes, when I save up money, I'm able to upgrade myself to crab legs and raw oysters..you know, on special occasions and such :) If you like a lot of meat, I would suggest crab or shrimp, since they really have the most worthwhile amounts of that. The crawfish are actually really small here, and I'm not a fan of the taste, anyway. It is a great place to go when you're hungry! Just scrub, scrub, scrub when you're at home, because the smell will take a bit of work to get rid of!!
