4	Does the trick, they even have tapioca drinks. I'm happy to have a place on the west side where I can grab a quick tapioca tea. Order your food up front and pay, then they either bring it to you or call your order for you to pick up. We tried the Udon soup and the spicy chicken which was great. The red bean tapioco smoothie was really good too. Spring rolls are chinese (fried) style, not the Vietnamese style we were hoping for, but still tasty with some sweet & sour sauce.Had a tough time finding it by the address since google maps is not updated enough to know it's in the Copps shopping center yet.You can see the menu here: http://www.taismadison.com/menu.html
2	Friendly help, fast service, many choices--too many actually--jack of all asian trades, master of none, so to speak.  I get nervous ordering raw fish  from any restaurant with a dirty floor and filthy windows.  Prices match other places with table service and non plastic utensils--so why not have a better experience? Oil may not have been hot enough, got quite the tummyache afterward from the grease of the tempura.The takeout options seem to appeal to the young crowd.
1	I'm starting to think that it is, in fact, too much to ask to get a decent Chinese chicken dish on the west side of Madison (after a couple years I've only found one reliable place). Tai's is yet another place I can cross off the list for having seriously sub-par meat. I ordered the sesame chicken. The portion size was hefty, the container felt like it weighed a couple of pounds. Unfortunately, the contents were so awful I can't even give them points for serving me enough for several meals. My first bite was just a little guy (many of the pieces of chicken were enough for several bites), and I was immediately put off by the texture - well, really the lack thereof. There was no discernible difference between the meat and breading, which I find problematic. The taste was also lacking - it didn't taste like chicken, and there wasn't much to the gooey, blaze-orange sauce. The next piece of chicken I went for had a disconcerting dark spot under the breading and glaze. Since there were some greens mixed in, I thought maybe a leaf had gotten stuck under the batter - but no. After cutting into it, I discovered it was dark grey meat. I skipped to the next piece, and noticed it too had a dark spot. Cut into that - same story. The next piece? Almost all fat and connective tissue. Now, before you go, "this girl is dumb, it was probably just dark meat!" - no. No no no. When half of the chicken chunk is white and half is not, there's something weird happening. Also, why does it have no texture? At all? I shouldn't be able to gum chicken without choking. Yuck.
4	We noticed this hole in the wall around lunch time on a Saturday, so stopped in to grab a menu. The place was packed (much of the clientele was Asian, so that is always a good sign!). Passed one table with two ladies who were sharing a platter of fish, a whole fish - just the skeleton remained (another good sign).We went back the next evening (Sunday night), and the place was empty! Slightly worried, we placed a massive order. By the time we were eating, about 5 other tables were filled. Plus take out orders being called in. The staff was hopping.1. hot Jasmine tea - pre-brewed, had obviously been sitting in the large thermos for a LONG time. Very strong, and very bitter. Was going to complain, but the staff was really busy - I decided it wasn't worth it.2. Spicy tuna roll - very spicy! Tasty, also has cucumber in it, but the consistency of the tuna was like pureed mush. Not a fan.3. Buddha roll - peanut and avocado with a tasty sauce. Has potential, but it was just whole peanuts with the avocado - basically felt like we were just eating straight peanuts. Since we were ordering a ton of other dishes, we held off on some of the more exotic rolls, but we'll be back to try them soon!4. Wonton soup - broth was rather bland (that is all my mom let me sample so I can't speak to flavor of the actual wontons).5. Tsing Tao beer - skunky. Boo. You may now be wondering why I have given 4 stars to this place. Well, here we go.Many of the dishes that we ordered are not on the regular menu - they had a separate "Family Menu" printed out and available to all:6. Clams in black bean sauce - oh. my. goodness. I haven't seen this on any other menu in town. My favorite dish! It was an absolutely HUGE order. And soooo good. Some red and green chilis were also mixed in, so it had a bit of spice.7. Singapore chicken - hubby got this one - nice spice, he was happy.8. Pork ribs in black bean sauce - pai quat for those of you in to Dim Sum. Another huge order. Another big hit with the table.9. Roast duck - wow. Really good. Nice and juicy, not greasy at all. Served with a nice sauce on the side.10. Bok choy - stir fried with a light garlic and [I think] oyster sauce. Yet another huge order. We ate a ton of it.11. Seafood noodle soup - nice broth, lots of seafood - shrimp, clams, scallops, shrimp balls. An absolute ton of noodles. My dad ordered this - he ate about 5% of it due to the rest of our feast, and took the remainder home.There are so many other items I would love to try on their menu...though I'm afraid I'll be drawn to those clams every single time! We will definitely go back, again and again.
5	Hey, this place is great! It's cheap, it's yummy, I don't ask for more. These are what I usually order the many times I've gone there:Chicken Wrap LettuceKorean Short RibsBlack Pepper ChickenHoney Walnut ShrimpSlurpppp, delicious!
3	Very nice variety for the money. Daughter asked for and got seafood soup with all fishballs. Lots of vegetarian options. Tempura roll was quite good.Don't bother with the bento boxes. Avoid the sesame chicken--fatty and not tasty at all.
3	When I came here for the first time I was totally amazed: we ordered a set for 5 people and every dish was so yummy that it reminded me of the local flavor of my hometown Taiwan! The set contained 6 courses and unlimited rice so we had a great variety of food here and were really impressed.The second visit, however, has somewhat changed my impression. Everything was just the same: cordial & fast service, clean environment, but when I started eating I suddenly realized they certainly put a lot of MSG in almost all dishes..  I can feel there's an unnatural, excessive enrichment in the flavor which made me quite uncomfy..:(It would be kinda unfair to underrate this place simply because of the MSG issue, given that their price/quality is absolutely well balanced in terms of a casual bistro. My advice: if you're checking out this place don't forget to ask them not to use MSG. I'll probably give it another chance if things get better without MSG.
4	Close to my work, so I tend to go there rather often. Nice folks and a wide variety of pan-Asian cuisine. Thoughts on certain dishes:Beef noodle soup (haven't had it in a while): Pretty good; I've had better in Taiwan but it'll satisfy the craving.Lunch bento box: a very substantial amount of food for the price. Some of the dishes are deep-fried with breading and thus really make you feel sluggish afterwards; I suggest avoiding them.Fried noodles: Huge portion, and good to eat. Recommended.Tofu dishes: Again, large portions, stay away from the deep-fried varieties.As far as Chinese places go in Madison, it's on the top half. Stop by if you're in the area looking for a quick cheap meal.
1	I've eaten here about 12 times over the past few months. Fairly inexpensive Asian food with the only bubble tea available on the west side of Madison make it appealing. A few dishes have been great, like the honey walnut chicken and fried dumplings, and a few not so good, like the pad thai. The staff seem friendly, and given the price I just overlooked the odd chaos. By chaos, I mean that your food will come in no particular order, and each dish might come out separately. The dumplings might come after the main dishes - I just rolled with it. The kitchen has not figured out how to make one table's dishes timed correctly, and that hasn't changed over the past few months. I have always seen a large Asian clientele, and that's great for them. However, it seemed to me that sometimes the Asian patrons were getting hooked up with their food before us whites, but I never saw an actual pattern, and like I said the kitchen is not well timed so I never worried about it.Until tonight. We ordered dumplings, two main dishes, and two bowls of white rice. The dumplings came out first, and I had to call the woman back because we had no utensils, napkins, plates, etc. She brought back utensils, but no plates. My guy went up to get them. As we were eating our dumplings, a party of 6 Asian Americans came in and ordered. As they sat next to us, the woman working the register brought out our main dishes - but no rice. When I asked where it was, she said they were out. I have never, ever, been to an Asian restaurant that ran out of rice, but this one is pretty chaotic. She said they were making more.We start picking at our main dishes (because they really needed white rice to eat!) when I saw the woman bring a large bowl of white rice to a table behind us, who had been seated before we got there. Good, I thought, it's cooked. So then the woman brings over another bowl of white rice - and sets it on the table next to us. It's for the table of Asians who arrived at least ten minutes after us, have no other food on their table, and with whom the lady jokes for a minute. She then heads away, ignoring us. My husband went up to the counter to ask where our rice was. The woman says there isn't any ready, and he asks why the other party got some, when we were clearly next in line, had our main dishes, and they had nothing yet. She acted as if she could not understand the issue. Finally, a few minutes later she wanders over with rice and asks if we want it. We declined. As a White chick, I haven't been discriminated against often, but this really, really felt like discrimination. I won't ever go back.
2	The big draw for me is that they have boba! Nothing special about it, but it does the job. As for the food, I got the Beijing beef. It's listed as a spicy item but personally I found it mostly sweet and only a bit spicy (though that may speak more to my preferences, and I've never had Beijing beef before either so it may not usually be very spicy). The texture of the beef was unusual. I found it to be very soft and mushy, not like a cut of gourmet meat but more like textured beef substitute. I ordered it as a bento box, which comes with 3 pieces of sushi roll. FYI you don't get to choose what kind you get, it's just a standard imitation crab and avocado. The rice used seemed pretty stale though. The fried rice also had bean sprouts, which is a first for me. They also seem to have used non-stale/old rice for the fried rice which means it was more moist than usual, another oddity to me. Like any good Chinese restaurant though, the portions are great; I ended up having to take a doggie bag. In short, I was disappointed by the Beijing beef bento box; other items may be fine. The boba is a big plus if you like it. If you're looking for Chinese though, I'm a much bigger fan of Chang Jiang near Woodman's, which is exclusively Chinese and has a much wider menu selection, similar prices, and has consistently had good food.
1	I would not recommend this place.  Although cheap, the cheapness also stings in the quality of service.  The girls are flighty, and very rude.  We walked in the place at 7 pm the first time we came here.  There were nearly 9 tables free, but not a single one of them had been bussed.   We ordered our food, but could not sit anywhere.  When I politely asked the front girl if she could maybe quickly clean a table, I got a rude response, and a "can you wait a minute?" in a curt tone of voice.   All in all, we waited a total of 30 minutes without anyone cleaning a table off.  I had to take the dishes off of one table and place them on another.   The table we sat at was covered in greasy brown sauce, but so was all the other options.  I bit my tongue as I watched as the same gal I told to help us clean off the table, drop off our food, without offering a quick wipedown of our table.  It was really atrocious.  I was totally disgusted with this, but the food was ok, and cheap so we decided  we'd still try again, this time opting to carry out instead.    The second time, my fiance ordered sushi and PLEASE do not order this, unless you want second rate large overstuffed rolls that have no flavor or technique in their presentation.  (the gals are the ones responsible for this as well).I feel bad for this establishment, because I think the poor service and the total MSG that others have written about on here will be the death of their dreams.  Hopefully they will read this and try to save their dream.But I doubt it.  The only saving grace may in fact be the dumplings here.  Other than that, save your money.  It's just not worth it, and the people running the place won't be too inclined to make you happy either.
4	For affordable, belly-filling, Asia-inspired food, Tai's Asian Bistro is a nice find for Madison. If I am looking for a takeout place with plenty of options, this would be it. The Korean Short Ribs were properly marinated and charcoal-y, the lettuce fresh and crispy, the Chicken and Vegetables dish was like something I could get in Chicago's Chinatown. The crab rangoon was crunchy, straight from the deep-fryer. I tried the almond milk tea - it was too sweet and still had some powder clumps but the tapioca pearls were done right. Go for your hunger and the price, not for authenticity, service, or ambiance.
5	My roommates and I love this place! Their hot n sour soup is really good and I really like their steamed dumplings and fried rice. They're super nice and quick when you call for take out. Delicious!
5	Best Chinese Restaurant in MadisonI've eaten at Tai's Asian Bistro at least 20 to 30 times in the past year and have never had a meal that was less than good.  I recommend Tai's Spicy Chicken - crispy thin strips of white meat in a light but crispy breading (might be deep fried, but it's crispy, not greasy and nothing like the  thick, heavy, spongy, and oil-laden breading one often encounters on General Tso's or sweet-and-sour chicken), in a slightly sweet, slightly salty, garlicy spicy sauce that is excellent, a perfect blend of its component tastes.  The pork lo mein is also terrific with lots of pork and vegetables, and the Singapore Chicken, the Sichuan Chicken, and Kung Pao Chicken are all very tasty.  I like the fact that they allow substitutions of ingredients and will make the dishes extra spicy; the lo mein, in particular, tastes excellent extra spicy.  All vegetables are very fresh, as well, and are usually cooked perfectly, no raw, but still fresh and crispy, not overcooked and mushy as they often turn out to be in mediocre Chinese restaurants.Service has been good, except for a few communication problems with, surprisingly, the one behind-the-counter employee who might be a native English speaker, who has nearly screwed up my orders several times. I guess I've become a regular with the more regular counter employees, though, who have welcomed me with a smile and ask "The usual?" (i.e. Tai's Spicy Chicken with broccoli substituted for the usual zucchini, which, incidentally, I recommend requesting).I've never had the sushi there, but they seem to have a good selection.  I've seen several noodle dishes brought out to tables of Asian customers that looked excellent.In summary, I think this is a terrific Asian restaurant.  It doesn't have the best Chinese dish in town (that honor goes to Happy Wok's Double Cooked Chicken), but second-best is still outstanding, and everything there that I've had is very good to excellent.
4	Decent cuisine, and I'm not that into Chinese food.  Decently priced as well.
5	Taste good! Few expense with big value.
3	Tai's Asian Bistro offers a potpourri of Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Thai, and Vietnamese cuisine (I may be missing some other ethnicities on this list). They aren't necessarily good and won't leave you with a wowing impression, but if you're stuck in Madison, you can't complain. Plus, when you're with a group of people that can't decide what kind of Asian food you want to get, you get to choose which Asian goodness you want to indulge in at Tai's Asian Bistro. This place offers affordable items on the menu and their lunch and dinner specials are worthy of note. However, I wouldn't recommend the sushi here. In addition, based on my food-tasting experience here, it seems that the Chinese dishes are the most authentic (i.e. they taste like the food from restaurants that specialize in Chinese food). The other ethnic dishes are okay, but definitely tastes a little off from other restaurants that specialize in making those ethnic dishes. All in all, at Tai's Asian Bistro, you'll find all assortments of Asian food and discover varying levels of how they'll taste.
5	Friendly, yummy, convenient. I love that I can call in an order, pick it up 10-15 minutes later, and I can have good sushi and my husband gets good Chinese. This is a regular stop for dinner on the way home from work.
3	This place has your standard fare and much more. For such a small establishment, I was impressed by how many things they had on their menu, including sashimi and whole flounder. It was mostly hit-or-miss -- ordering sashimi at a place like this will get you exactly what you would expect: not super fresh, but not rancid either. I had another dish that was essentially fried pork ribs in a sweet, garlicy sauce, which wasn't bad. I liked their tofu and veggie dish a lot, but then again, it's also pretty ordinary. For the price, you could do much worse.One real exception: their bubble tea is TERRIBLE -- they heat the bubbles in the microwave so they end up really chewy and almost crunchy in the middle. Understandably so, it's not their specialty, but they charge you as much as a real boba tea place, if not a little more.
4	The Chinese food here is among the best Madison has to offer. Order from the family style menu because it is much more authentic. The atmosphere is very casual and almost looks like a hole in the wall diner. However, the food more than makes up for this. I highly recommend if you're in mood for authentic Chinese food.
5	One of the best in Madison!
4	This is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in town. The typical Americanized stuff is better than basically anywhere in town and the more traditional dishes really shine through. The Japanese is competent as well and I enjoy getting bento boxes with a Chinese dish as the main item.Tasty, inexpensive, and unpretentious; it has been consistently good every time I've eaten there over the last several years.
3	This place is so Americanized that even the ma po tofu is mediocre. That's usually a safe order at Americanized Chinese restaurants that specialize in cloyingly sweet dishes in heavy sauces, even when it's not on the menu. But, here, the mapo tofu comes in a thick sauce that's merely somewhat spicy.  Even more strangely, the sauce was sweetened by Hoisin sauce, instead of being pure szeuchuan chili oil (or, for that matter, having any szechuan chili oil at all). The tofu was larger, harder, and firmer than you normally get in ma po tofu and, instead of being topped with ground pork, they use a frozen vegetable mix of peas and carrots.It's always a bad sign when a Chinese place serves sushi, or branches out into Korean or Japanese. This place does all of the above. I should have known better.
3	The ingredients are very fresh and plentiful and the prices very affordable. Thais spicy chicken was excellent as was the won ton soup. The egg roll was greasy with only bean sprouts and carrots in it. Sometimes it's totally orange inside. It could use some chicken or pork or some other flavors. Portions are huge. Other menu items we've had have been good also but certainly not outstanding-I can't even remember their names. We've been there at least 5 or 6 times so far.
2	I've eaten here three times now because my coworkers like it.  The portions are huge, but the food is icky-blah.  Skip it.
5	After trying several other Chinese-style restaurants in Madison, I have to say for the price this is as good as it gets. There are other places that might have more authentic options and style, but they tend to be pricier with not much value added. Tai's Asian Bistro is a bit more modern than traditional, but it totally gets street cred for the sticky tables and consistently hard-working staff. Come with several friends and order family-style, roughly one dish per person, that way you can play duck duck goose with your food. Ma po tofu, Singapore noodles, sesame chicken, GOOSE!Disclaimer: their regular menu has neither ducks nor geese, but apparently they do serve Peking duck if you give them advanced notice.
5	We discovered this restaurant yesterday while shopping in the Whitney Way area in Madison, WI. Great food at reasonable prices. We had Sushi and shrimp tempura.This is informal dining where you order your food at the counter. You can see the cooks/chefs making the food right there.Their menu is extensive.
4	My preferred choice for Chinese on the West Side. It's not the best ever, but it gets you inexpensive lunch with sizable portions.If you're ordering from them, stick to the Chinese dishes. The rest is okay but4...uh.. stick to the Chinese dishes. I particularly love the Fish with Eggplant, the Crispy Fish, and the Braised Beef with Tofu.
4	This place needs a little more love. Located in one of the most empty strip mall in Madison, you would not expect authentic and good food by its appearance. But they do. Not the best Chinese place around, but a solid choice for the west side. The main draw for me is the incredibly low price. My suggestion is sticking to the "Family Dinner" section on the their menu (the section with ABC combinations). You can get three decent entree dishes with $25. A very good deal. I recommend the fish dishes. Now there's A-Mart in the same plaza, Hy-Vee across the street, drop by this place and give it a try.
5	This place was a nice surprise!  I expected your typical run of the mill Chinese restaurant taste but the food has a nice kick to its flavor. Although it's not entirely different from your other local Chinese restaurants, I would probably say it's one of the better establishment.  Many Chinese places have a musty old sticky food smell but I actually didn't sense that when I stepped in.  The establishment felt clean and as a customer, I could see the food being cooked right there.  It may not make much difference to some but I just feel that much better when I see it being cooked in front of my eyes.The turnaround time was very quick to get my food and I was acknowledged right away with a smile!  Pretty impressive for a Chinese restaurant amiright?  The food was definitely fresh along with the vegetables.  The pad Thai was ok tasting, not what you would expect a traditional pad Thai dish to taste like but it had an original flavor that's inviting.  The hot and sour soup tasted wonderfully as if the chef made it perfect that day.  The sushi was fresh and tasted better than I expected.  It had a nice, but not overpowering vinegar kick to it.  This was my first time here but if every experience was like today's then I would recommend this to everyone! Thanks for reading!
5	This place is the best Chinese food in Madison!
3	Three stars is fitting for this place. Nothing was excellent, the prices were reasonable, the service was okay, though I thought the interior was far nicer than a "hole in the wall diner" as described in some other reviews. It's really a clean, moderately nice Asian restaurant (not so common I suppose). Nonetheless, it's a good lunch spot for a cheap and filling meal, but the quality is not supreme nor are the prices the cheapest you'll find.Bonus: They have an authentic Chinese menu, though none of them are listed on the lunch specials, so you will have to pay a little extra.
5	Good food here, this place knows how to make good asian food and in my opinion,  makes the best crab ragoon in the city
2	When first looking at the website and menu for this restaurant I was not interested in trying it at all. But out friends asked us to dinner with them at this restaurant so felt obliged to go. After looking at the yelp reviews I felt a little better about trying it, though I still had my reservations. When we walked in the place it seemed fine, not too large in size and there were plenty of customers. Every person dinning there was of Asian decent so we thought that the restaurant might be more authentic. You seat yourselves and order at a counter as you would at a fast good restaurant but then the food is brought out to you (which we do not know how they remember what goes where because they do not give you numbers). The menus do not have any description of the food/entrees. It dies arrive fairly quickly unless you order their Dinner Special Box, which seemed to arrive 5 minutes after everyone else's meals.  I did like their crab Rangoon because it wasn't fried to long that the shell was too hard, but my boyfriend disliked how greasy it was. I was also not impressed with their egg rolls and he said they were okay. I ordered their Healthy Option of Chicken and broccoli (steamed chicken & veggies with white rice and sauce on the side). It was okay but the broccoli was not cooked enough and the sauce was very bland in taste as was my friends Sesame Chicken. My boyfriend had the Sichuan Beef that had broccoli, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, and zucchini. I tried a bite of the beef and broccoli and my mouth was on fire! The broccoli holds in/absorbs lot of the spice, but my boyfriend mainly disliked how raw and uncooked the broccoli was. Price was fine and the restaurant seemed cleanly enough but I've had better Chinese. I would not return or recommend others.
4	We're regulars here.  The food is always good.  Over the few years they've been around business has steadily grown,  but I don't think the staff ever has - they seem to have the same number of people in the kitchen on a killer busy night as a dead one.  Thus, when you dine in the wait can be long.Tips: Skip the bubble tea and dinner plates.  Steamed pork buns are tasty.
4	Love their dragon sushi roll, it is one of the best in town. The service is more like self serve. but staffs are very nice. THe food portion is huge, tasty too. I don't like their bubble tea at all, powder based, don't order it! Overall it is a good place to go!
3	Came here under the recommendation of a friend who's been here a couple of times. From my experience with Asian eateries I know it can swing two ways, but this place serves good Chinese food. We ordered from the 'Family Dinner' menu. This list really caters to the family, they have selections ranging from 3 to 6(?), might be more, dishes, depending on the size of your 'family'. So with that you get a choice of what you love to try. Food is decent enough. I love their spicy chicken wings in claypot. Note: The wings are not the boneless wings, something to keep in mind if you want to save some hassle during your meals. But most Chinese places serve traditional wings, and I love them. Our next dish was a stir-fry green vegetable. Tasted fine, not much to say for this classic. We also had the steamed fish. The selling point of steamed fish is to preserve the 'natural' taste and texture of the fish, for that reason you need to use fresh ingredients to make it work well. Unfortunately they fell a little short in this aspect. That said, though, it's not easy to get fresh seafood in town, so I give them some credit. At Tai's you place your order and pay upfront at the counter. You go take a seat at your table and they will bring the food out once they are ready. Pretty easy and efficient system. Sometimes when they are busy, they might tend to look around a little before spotting your table. So keep an eye out for the items you ordered, and give them a shout-out if you see them with it.One comment I have is that their atmosphere in terms of ventilation needs some improvement. They have an open kitchen concept, so the kitchen is completely open to the dining space. As you can imagine with the amount of stir-frying and stuff going on, the smell of food and spices can get pretty strong. Though it might be cool to watch you food being prepared, at times it could be a little too overwhelming for me and my clothes.
5	DISCLAIMER TO THOSE THAT READ THE TOP HALF OF MY REVIEW: This reflects my initial opinion upon walking into the restaurant, call it a pre-judgement.Let me just start by saying, Chinese cuisine is not my favorite. My wife and I were hungry after a visit to Half Price Books one summer afternoon. She talked me into walking next door to Tai's. The menu was overwhelming with so many choices. This was a turn off to begin with. I had to look for what I wanted a little longer than my wife did, because like I said, Chinese food is never my first choice. THE POSITIVE:We placed our order, got our drinks, and found a table. Shortly after sitting, the food was delivered to us. The portions were large and the food looked and smelled great. The first taste blew my mind. The food was so good. I got a spicey beef dish with broccoli and other veggies, a side of white rice, and an eggroll. My wife ordered a whole fried fish. So so good. That was our first visit about 2 years ago. We have been coming here ever since. They have yet to disappoint us and we get something new each time we go.
5	Could not be happier I decided to give this place a try. The only reason I did not come earlier was because there is a lot of ethnic food in the area with better ratings on Yelp. However, don't let this place's 3.5 star rating fool you, this is place is a solid 5 stars.If you come here, you can expect more food, more flavor, and a lower price than any other ethnic restaurant nearby. And if you decide to eat in, the interior of the restaurant is surprisingly modern and clean. And while some people have complained that this place is "Americanized", I would have to respectfully disagree to an extent. Yes there is a tad bit more oil and sugar in some dishes than an authentic Chinese dish, but this place uses nowhere near the amount of grease or sugar as the truly Americanized Panda Express. I actually feel good after eating this stuff! ...and besides, who said Americanized automatically meant bad? ;)Anyway, this place has become my new go to place for lunch and dinner when I am in the area. I would highly recommend you give this place a try.
4	IMHO the best House Lo Mein in the area. Love the food, the service and the price!
4	This place does not get the credit it deserves. First of all, if you're looking for a fast food American Chinese (General's Tso, etc) greasy, type restaurant, then this is not the place for you. Ambiance is not great and of course service is so-so, what do you expect out of an Asian place, but the food is one of the better options for Chinese food in Madison, as there are not many. What other place can you order a special for 2 and stay under $20 for dinner. Also, there is a hugeeeeeee variety to choose from. You can order dumplings, to Korean short ribs, to noodle soups, to an amazing steamed fish. If you're ordering the usual thing you can get at a fast food Chinese place, go some place else. If you don't know what to order - look around you at the other Asians. Each visit is enjoyable. BTW, did I mention that the portions are huggge! Best deal, great prices, and anything to choose from.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. I am here at least twice a week. Most dishes are authentic and prices are VERY reasonable. The staff is friendly as well. Recommendations include the crispy chicken, szechuan spicy fish (this might not be on the menu), clams in black bean sauce, flounder home style, drunk ginger spare ribs, stir fried pea tips.
2	Not sure why all the positive reviews.  Thought maybe we'd get something other than typical Americanized Chinese food.  Unfortunately, no, and the food was so salty that we could not finish it.
