5	Very clean place.  Staff was friendly and attentive. No upsell pressure that you get at other places.
5	I've taken my car here twice now. Once to correct the shoddy care Jiffy Lube gave me. You can see their review below. Also had my tires rotated and an oil change. Excellent location. Clean facilities. Good view of your car being worked on. And most importantly, excellent friendly and competent staff. I've found my new maintenance place for my car.  Another good point, low pressure selling. Yes they offer me other services and recommendations but I got ZERO pressure when I turned them down. Very happy here so far.
5	Awesome service A+Didn't feel pressured to buy any extra services. Everyone is super friendly and the car was done in a timely manner. I will be coming here for all my automotive needs. Big thanks to Freddy and all the other associates there.
5	Excellent customer service! I stopped in to get a tail light bulb changed out. 5 minutes later they're handing me keys and telling me I'm all set. No charge and they even topped off the tires. The manager said, "Thanks and come see us for your next oil change!"  I think I will.
5	My tire was losing air so I decided to check this place out as it was close to home. I was greeted immediately and my car checked out within a few minutes. It turns out that I had a small nail and they promptly fixed it as a courtesy free of charge. Great service, friendly staff and nice, comfortable waiting area. Highly recommended.
4	Great service, a little slow, but overall pleased.
1	This place treated us awful! First time there was great, so we purchased the lifetime balancing on our truck tires. Went in today after the wheels were balanced incorrectly and then was told I would have to pay to have them balanced every time I came in, and I explained how it made no sense to pay over $100 each time. The manager didn't know what to say and then explained that all I wanted was the lifetime balancing on my tires. They took the truck in and started work on the tires, and I watched the manager leave. Shortly after someone came in and refunded my money and explained that they don't do lifetime balancing on 37" tires and if I wanted to speak to the manager I would have to come back tomorrow. (I guess he didn't want to deal with anything so instead of checking up on my service he went home) Worst service, worst shop never use them!
5	These guys continue to excel at exceeding expectations. Last month I found a pool of oil under my car, called up Firestone and by mid afternoon my car was repaired. Today my wife's car began squeaking loud from rear brakes. Just a phone call and her car is being repaired. Each of the five times I have patronized this facility my expectations are exceeded. Primarily due to Logan and his genuine desire to gain loyalty, not just satisfaction, but loyalty from his customers. You can't go wrong with these guys.
1	Took these people 5 hours to put 2 rear brake pads on my car. Could've shown my child how to do it faster. Only good part was family feud was on the TV the whole time. Never again
1	It's a shame that a company just earning its name back from being associated with a huge tire scandal that was responsible for countless injuries and deaths now stoops to conning customers into unneeded new tires and up charges. If you visit this location be prepared for the sharks to come swimming with a laundry list of excuses why you need to buy new firestone tires. Just a typical sellers chop shop. GOOD JOB FIRESTONE!
5	Went in to get a price quote (tires for an escalade) on Saturday. I spoke with Linda (cute!!!) and I was amazed at how professional and knowledgeable she was!!! This was the third price quote I had received and it was the cheapest by $150. She asked me if I wanted to schedule an appointment. I said no because I still wanted to do a few more calls. She then informed me that if I find a better price they price match it by 150%!!! What this means is if I find a better deal somewhere else for $50 less they will refund me $75!!! So I set my appointment for 4:00 on Sunday. I arrive 15 min late (as usual lol) and thought I would get a nasty look but nope only a wave (to acknowledge my arrival) and a smile. Guy named Freddie checks me in. Guess what? He offers me 5% off if I get the road warranty!!! I was like hell yea!!! I was in and out in just over on hour just as Linda had informed me. The place has comfy couches, free coffee (didn't check if anything was in there) clean restrooms. Has a smokers area outside. I went to see the progress on my cadi and the automotive bays are clean. The guys working here are nice and knowledgable (better be right?!?). When they gave me my cadi back they told me my motor mount was broken (I thought it was my transmission or axle. Once I get it fixed I'll update.). No pressure to get it fixed more as a heads up. I know I'm going to be bring my cars here from now on. Of course because I now have free tire rotation for the life of my tires!!! Glad I stopped by. :)
5	We have been using Firestone Complete Auto Care ever since they opened, about 18 months ago.  We have had nothing but good things to say  about them.  The last couple of times I have told them how happy I am.  New Brakes were very reasonable.  Yesterday I called to see how much it would be to get my non Firestone tires rotated and they told me $20.  When I got there I said is that $20 per tire or $20 total.  They said $20 total.  Then the gentleman told me if I get my car checked out and fluids checked and topped off the rotation would be FREE.  This service was $9.99 A ten dollar savings.  I was a happy camper and said I keep meaning to write a review.  I always seem to get busy and it doesn't happen.  Well tonight they went ABOVE and BEYOND!!!  My daughter blew a tire right in front of Firestone.  She pulled into the preschool next door and called me.  I told her to walk over to Firestone and have them assess the situation.  JUSTIN walked over with my daughters and assessed the situation.  My husband was not available and I wanted his input before getting a new tire.  JUSTIN told me he would hang onto my flat tire as my "doughnut" spare was being put on. Justin said he would keep my tire safe until I was ready to make a decision.  The whole crew at Firestone are very professional and I feel even more confident than ever because they made sure my daughters were safe.  They have ALWAYS been honest and forthcoming.  So glad they are in our neighborhood.  Just want to say a huge THANK YOU to Justin.
1	HORRIBLE. Boyfriend took his car here because his Nissan stopped all of a sudden on a Sunday. They said they would take a look at it each and every day we called for an update. So obviously they haven't taken a look at it. By Wednesday/today they said it was running better. So my boyfriend went to pick it up, he paid for their service and when he went to start his car.... It still wouldn't work!!!! They won't refund him and he has to get it towed to Nissan. Never again taking our cars to mediocre auto shops such as this one!!!!!
1	This place is terrible.  The first time I went they couldn't do what I wanted.  Said it was company policy - ok, fine, not a big deal.  I wouldn't hold that against them but the employee I talked to wasn't particularly friendly.I went in yesterday to get a battery replaced.  I walked in at the same time as a family that had apparently already been in for service and came back to complain about something not working.  We waited a good 5 minutes before anyone came in to help us.  After they were finally dealt with he came back to see what I needed.  Told me it would be at least 15 before he could help me but checked to see if they had my battery.  He went back outside to finish what he was doing without taking any of my info.  There were other people in the waiting area so I ended up having to sit under the TV.  I don't know what show they had on but it was Kyra Sedgwick repeatedly screaming and calling some woman a bitch in a terrible southern accent.  During my time sitting there people with kids were coming and going through the lobby, and I couldn't help but wonder why they thought it was appropriate to have this on.   I would have asked someone to change the channel but everyone was outside working on cars.  Don't get me wrong - I don't have delicate ears - but there are some things a responsible business just doesn't do.The rest of the time was spent listening to the phone ringing incessantly, because, like I mentioned, everyone was outside.  I brought a book to read while I waited but between Kyra screaming and the phone ringing there would be no reading.  Instead I used my time to Yelp another nearby location with higher ratings.  I found one closer to my house and walked out.I won't come back.
1	Wish I could give zero stars. I've had them work on three of my vehicles. Everytime they mess up something else and I have to take it back. Before the last time, I dealt with it because they were convenient and the things they messed up weren't devastating (like the kick plate or door panel falling off). This last time they broke the axel and sheered the transmission line. When we called them up on the day we picked it up to tell them something wasn't right, they said not to worry about it and bring it in 4 days later. We then called the next day because the leak was pretty bad and they said again to not worry about it but bring it in 6 days later (they rescheduled our 4 day later appt). The car stopped running two days later as we found out the sheered transmission line caused all the fluid to leak out possibly damaging the transmission. This would be the second transmission that they broke for us.This time, however, they refused to take responsibility and wanted to charge us $1200 to fix the axel they broke and the transmission line they broke. They also wanted to blame us for lack of maintenance if the transmission was damaged (wanted me to sign a statement to that effect which I refused to do).I'm not certain they are crooks because I think it completely possible they are just incompetent. In either case, we felt the need to tow our car from their facility straight to Japanese Auto Care after they had "fixed" the axel and transmission. When I told them that I refused to pay the $1200, the manager yelled at me (even cussing at me) and told me that he was going to fix the axel and transmission line but he would do nothing for the transmission if it has problems. He said if I didn't pay the $1200 then we were done as a customer and I was not welcome to bring my car there. He said "I don't need your business as I've got too much already."In short, the only thing good about this place is the convenience for people living in anthem. If you have enough money to pay them over and over again for the things they continually break, then the convenience might be worth it.Except, its been over a week since I actually got my car back so even the convenience isn't worth it anymore.
1	update: i had the van towed directly from their store to Japanese Car Service across town because i did not trust that they had done what they said they would. they told me the transmission line problem was fixed and assured me it was good to drive.good thing i had it towed. Japanese Car Service told me that the car was leaking fluid so badly that they had no idea to tell what it was. they said that it'd cost $180 to just clean it up and replace the transmission fluid hose before they could check on any other leak. i told them to go ahead and do those repairs.after that was done they called back to say they could not see any further additional leak but mentioned that the lug nuts on the front tire was not the right kind and it was dangerous to drive it that way. they are going to replace them for us for just a few bucks.the fact the lug nuts were bad was a surprise because Firestone had told us the same thing a while back and had told us that they were going to replace them with the right part.i general do not attribute to malice what can be explained by incompetence, so this is some of the biggest incompetence i've ever been the recipient of.it's a good thing i've found an honest mechanic even if it is across town.
1	Took my car here because it was squeaking while I drove, and this place is right around the corner from my home so I could walk home and not have to wait, which I made the mistake of telling them.  They said it'd be about two hours, and they'd give me a call.  Five hours later I still hadn't heard from them, and when I called in, they still didn't have a quote for me.  When I finally did get a quote, service manager (who acted like he was put out by having to attend to me) said it would cost that much if I wanted them to do all that was necessary to ensure the problem would be taken care of, which is another way of saying they already planned to overcharge me.  They maybe ten minutes away on foot, but I'll definitely take my car somewhere farther away for decent service.
1	Horrible is an understatement, need to Take the manager of this location and give him the freedom of unemployment. Tried 2 separate times to go here and could not even find someone to help . Today I waited in an empty Lobby/customer service area for 10 minutes and when someone finally showed up he said an oil change would be 2 hours, last time I go here , obviously by the other reviews I am not the lone ranger on this review!!! Seems there is a pattern
5	I have purchased 15+ sets of tires at their competitor DT and can safely say THIS Firestone has earned my business for the future. Freddie was the most knowledgeable person on tires I ever dealt with and it was a breath of fresh air. Usually I'm begging for even a tiny bit of my salesmans opinions because they rarely know enough about what they're selling. Freddie knew EVERYTHING and within 3 mins I knew his opinion was gold. $1100 later ( I have expensive tires sadly ) and I am super happy with my tires and the service received... A+++++++
1	I went in 2 weeks ago for an oil change.  They said it would be 2 hours, so I made an appointment to come in the following week.  They asked me ONLY what the make and model of my vehicle was.  I came in for my appointment the next week and they told me that I had told them my car was a V-8 so they ordered the wrong filter.  When it is in fact a V-6 and that it will take about 2 hours to get the right filter.  Nobody asked me if I drove a V-6 or V-8 when I was in the first time. But he tells me that I can make another appointment and it is going to cost me 108$ because the new oil filter is 14 dollars more than the one they ordered.  So...I come back in the next week for the appointment and they do my oil change in about an hour.  They are having a 15 dollar off sale (yay!), but the bill comes and its $114.  That place is a nightmare!!  two weeks to get an oil change....114 dollars for an oil change...and they didn't even vacuum the interior like Jiffy Lube does!!! Never will go back to that place!
2	Watch out...they will try and up sell you for unnecessary items as I experienced first hand when I took my wife's Lexus there for an oil change.
1	I just went here this morning for an oil change that was scheduled online.  I have been to this location several times and have always had pretty good service.  I was checked in by Justin, who I've dealt with before, and has provided good service.Today, after the oil change, which took almost an hour and a half (weird, since I actually had an appointment), my service adviser James came out and sold me on an alignment.  Sure, my wife had told me that we needed one anyway, so I asked how long it would take.  About 10 minutes.  I looked around: there were about 3 others waiting for their vehicles.  OK, I'll get it.  I sat back down and read my book.  I looked up after a good while and noticed that 45 minutes had passed.  Something isn't right.  I stood up by the counter and waited another 10 minutes for James to come back out and help me.  I could see him in the service area sitting on a stool.  He saw me, picked up the phone a few times, walked around a little bit and finally came in.  I told him that I would have come back another day if I had known it was going to be an hour for an alignment.  He blamed the fact that 30 people had come in and out of the shop in that time.  I looked at the people in the waiting room.  Two of the people who had been there were gone and one different person was there now.  I told him that it wasn't right to give such a bad time estimate, and I wouldn't have gotten it if that were the case.  His response was pretty much the same lie about the many customers they had and effectively telling me to shut it.I've purchased tires at this location for both of my cars in the past.  I've gotten both of my cars maintained here.  I've been very pleased in the past.  Bottom line: You've lost a customer.  The only way I'd come back is with a personal apology from James for his rudeness and lying.
5	Great experience. Fredie G. is always so helpful with both my husbands & my car. He always tries to get us the best deal with our major fixes. This is our go-to spot. So much so, we even opened a Firestone Credit Card! Thank you Fredie for your exceptional customer service. ~ Tricia & Tony
