3	Compared to other 24-hour casino cafes, The Coffee Shop at Treasure Island does a decent job with quick service, presentation and quality of food.  The fruit plate was overpriced as expected, but the variety was good and came with three slices of banana bread.  We stopped here at 5:00 am and our server was chipper and upbeat, quite the opposite of other diners who either had been up all night or were trying to wake up.
4	great late night/early morning quesodillas quick servicethey have fresh squeezed orange juice which is my no1 hangover cure.comfy booths to slump in while nursing said hangover
2	Not a good egg samwich.
2	Food: So So, very Carrow's or Dennys like. I tried the chicken strips and the chinese chicken salad here. Both filled my stomach but thats all. Dessert here was actually good though. I reccomend the chocolate ice box cake. You can get a peek at them when you walk by this place. I would only return for dessert. Open 24 hrs thoughPrice: Cheap, dessert was only around $5 or so? Other dishes are mostly under $20 for sure.Location: In Treasure Island right near the entrance.Service: So-so. Nothing special but better than Pho next door.Atmosphere: Its a coffee shop! Reminded me of a Bakers Square or Carrows.
2	Picture the least attractive person you'd settle for if you were drunk and desperate.Replace 'person' with 'restaurant' and The Coffee Shop seriously tests this minimum standard.Open 24 hours, this place has a comically bipolar menu.  Hmm, how do I decide between Trout Almondine, Teriyaki Glazed Pacific Salmon Bowl, and a Stuffed Philly Cheese Steak Potato?  Yeah...I didn't...I chose the pancakes w/ bananas and caramelized almonds.  Not bad.Factor in the lame Denny's like atmosphere and you should really avoid being drunk and desperate enough to eat here.Note:  They have an offshoot neighbor that specializes in Pho.  Weird.  But I would try that in a hearbeat before going back here.  That's open 3 AM on Friday/Saturday and midnight on Sunday-Thursday.
3	I wouldn't say the food was awesome, but they serve a decent BLT.  They must have stuffed in a pack of bacon in the BLT because it was stacked with that hearty pork goodness.  Don't order the clubhouse (same thing as BLT but with the added turkey) bc it's an extra $3 and the BLT will suffice.  Breakfast was alright.  Hash browns were too burnt for my liking.Yes, yes, service is slow.  However, on my second time here, Marcel (i think) was quick to get us menus, take our orders, bring our food, and grab the check.   Also, if you sit in the back room, you can look outside the windows and watch the people at the pool.
4	Well, if you want to stay in Treasure Island and really don't want to spend toooooooo much on food, I guess this is your only option.  Do not try and use your MGM Mirage player's card here!  They only accept the comps that are issued at the player's club!  MGM Mirage casinos are notorious for being un-user friendly when trying to redeem your points.  The restaurant has two sides: one side is American'ish cuisine; and the other an Asian'ish cuisine.  The service is much better on the Asian side, however, the menu is MUCH SMALLLER!  When we dined on the Asian side, I ordered chicken pho.  It was okay to good.  The vietnamese coffee was excellent, but the only way you can screw this up is if you get the coffee grounds in it or if there's not enough sweetened condensed milk.On the American side (as I call them for easier reference), the menu is quite large!!!  The prices are moderate to high for the type of food you are ordering.  For instance, I think the 2 egg breakfast w/bacon is around $10.  You can go to a "local" diner and get the same thing for $6.  Anyway, the breakfasts look great!  The eggs are done to perfection and taste as good.  The breakfast potatoes need a little help and I would say they are bland and mediocre.   On another trip, I got a dinner salad which was very good!  All of the ingredients looked and tasted fresh.  I asked for some things to be omitted on my salad and the server got my order correct!  Kudos to her (I really thought she'd eff it up)!  Though I did not ever try the burgers, fries, waffles, or pancakes, they all looked scrumptious (I was admiring them from afar).  The service on this side of The Coffee Shop is in need of some serious help.  They seem to have enough people working, however, the staff need a bit more direction.  On our second visit, we waited at least a half-hour before our order was taken; we saw two different couples who were seated AFTER us, get their orders taken and food served to them BEFORE we even ordered!  Oh well, life goes on...Overall, the place is clean with a cozy/inviting decor.  It can be loud at times since it sits next along a main walkway with lots slot machines at a stone's throw away.
3	We came here for breakfast and the food was more than decent, but not spectacular. VERY SLOW service. Our server was horrible. She had this funky look on her face. We thought that she was making faces, but realized that was her natural expression since she was like that with everyone else. Weird.Had the sirloin benedict (instead of canadian bacon, it has sirloin pieces) which was different but still tasty. Hash browns were yummy. And the pancakes? I don't know what they did, but they were the tastiest most fluffiest pancakes I've had in awhile. Really great pancakes!!!
2	Eh- pretty comparable to Perkin's, although not quite as bad as Denny's. I had waffles with caramel sauce and pecans. The waffle was hard and the caramel was too sweet.Also, the service wasn't the best. I thought this was Vegas, not Laughlin.
4	Let me start by saying, the service here was excellent when i went. Its just the food was alright. I order some veggie burger because my mom was being naggy about not eating meat. It had a side of fries. On the burger was avacodo, which was good. But it didnt satisfy me. But you can play keno here for anyone 21+. I ate here for dinner btw. Oh ya, also for breakfast. I had the tower of pancakes with mixed berrys. YUMMM! It was really good. Once again the service was good for breakfast. Oh the waffles are good too.
3	Date visited: 2008-07-05Needed a simple coffee shop for breakfast... save the good stuff for lunch and dinner! heheI ordered something I have never ordered before - eggs benedict. Not bad. My mom ordered blueberry pancakes. They gave a lot and it was pretty good. I am not a big breakfast fan so not much of a review here.
2	3:30am pit stop before heading up to our rooms..Lack of staff members that night. I believe there were only about 2-3 servers which slowed down the line and food service tremendously.It was so cold.Ordered buffalo wings.. yes alcohol snack food is the way to go guys! It tasted good :) while i was mooching off of my friend's french onion soup.... yummmm..That's all i got from the Coffee Shop!
3	1st drunk night in in Vegas we came here around 5:00 AM hoping to get a quick snack before we head back to our rooms to crash.  That quick snack turned into an additional 2 hours.  Our waitress even actually scouted me over so that she can sit down to take my order since she was tired.  For three girls we only had an omelet and chicken noodle soup. How does that turn into a 2 hour ordeal? ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 2nd drunk night in Vegas - this place got an additional two stars for the service we got the 2nd night. Maybe it was because we came around 2:30 AM instead of 5:00 AM. There were no lines and we were seated right away. All the food came pretty fast and the service was friendly and efficient unlike the night before. They even gave my friend a piece of cake for her birthday. Coffee shop you really picked up your game the 2nd night.
4	I vaguely remember trying to find this place in a drunken frenzy in the wee hours of the morning after a ridiculous night of drinking. Sadly, the alcohol got the best of us and we failed to find it. HOWEVER, we were still craving it the next day and sobriety was on our side and we found it! I had the eggs benedict, but instead of your ol' run of the mill benedict w/canadian bacon...it had filet mignon! OMG. Heaven in my mouth. Really. Enough said.
2	I did not bitch it up to the manager. Just to clarify. I was very calm and spoke only the facts. That the bill showed we came at 945am when we were there prior to 9am because we had all looked to see how long before the Mirage pool opened (10am). We were all having a good time, excited that we would get protein and I was going to get pancakes as well. Imagine, pancakes after south beach. I was working hard so this utlra-non food was going to be perfect to a day of lounging followed by crazy walking up and down the strip. We started noticing that 3 tables who came later than us (way later, like after we had long placed our orders) were getting their food and exiting!The server who gave us the liquids changed to another lady who seemed strung out and over worked but seriously, who complains before getting the food unless you're okay with spit and bodily fluids not from your own body. She had a stack of bills in her hands and were inputting info into the computer. We doubted that she even entered our order at one point. Another lady from the counter got up to complain and it was obvious that we weren't the only ones fuming with empty stomachs.To be honest, the food was pretty good except I recall someone complaining about some processed cheese but I was in already in food-coma to pay attention. After we ate, I was ready to complain. Two people of our party quickly made their exit but come on, I wasn't going to make a scene.I found a manager who looked like she had something going on upstairs and explained all the facts. The waitress came over and confessed that she was having a hard time with ONE (1) customer (at the counter) and hence, she was slow in filling orders. ONE customer caused this.The manager was only able to comp us 50% but that was good enough since our belly was filled. No tips and we never went back.
3	I came here with my friend after a drunken night at about 4am.  We were seated in less than 5 minutes, and a waitress arrived to give us menus and take our orders almost immediately.  We decided to get the chicken fingers with honey mustard sauce and the burger, and split both.The burger was cooked a perfect medium: juicy, with good grill flavor, and complimented nicely with crunchy onions and fresh veggies.  The fries were okay- they were of the thicker Wendy's-style variety.  The chicken fingers were clearly dumped out of a freezer bag into the fryer, but good nonetheless.  The coating was thick and crunchy, and the honey mustard they served with it was certainly homemade. They also gave us several crunchy, fresh celery sticks as an accompaniment.I can't complain...this meal saved me from what surely would have been a raging hangover the next morning.
4	Huge portions , good food and reasonable prices. I ordered the farmer's market skillet. It came sizzling to the table brimming with veggies , potatoes and a crack-load of cheese. Halfway through my stomach started begging me to stop.
2	I went to the coffee shop at TI today.  It sits next to the Pho place, they are basically the same place with a different host desk.  Same table areas and I'm sure the food comes out of the same kitchen.  My husband and I entered through the coffee shop entrance and even though they were semi-busy it was still a wait to get a table.  There were at least half a dozen empty tables waiting to be cleared.  The hostess looked upset and kept coming to apologize for our wait, as a huge line began to form behind us.  I mean show some initiative and grab a bucket instead of freaking out about it.  We were seated at a table next to the service entrance which was annoying, but at least our waitress couldn't duck and hide.  I asked if we could order off the Pho menu.  I only wanted some spring rolls, no weird shaped spoons, tiny bowls or fancy condiments required.  I was told they could not accommodate my request.  We both ordered "The biggest burger on the strip" which I'm sure it's not.  Ten ounces the menu claims, I doubt it, but whatever it was edible.  The bill came with our order, no upsales there.  I did order a soda when my meal came and it must have been too much of a choir to re-do the bill, so I got my beverage for free.  Not once were we checked on during our lunch, but we got a re-fill when the waitress brought back the reciept to sign.  Not that we really needed it, we were done.  Not bad if your staying at the hotel I suppose, a bit over-priced.  Just remember if you want pho or any asian food you better damn well enter at the pho side or your sh*t outta luck.
1	Since I didn't get to have my steak and eggs for dinner the night before we made it a point to come down for breakfast. Prices have gone up and we didn't realize it till we got the bill. $20 for measley steak and eggs plate. Nice buttery eggs and crisp hashbrowns but the steak was sinewy and rimmed with gristle.
3	What is up with all the restaurants closing at 10? I was planning to go have dinner at ISLA in the Treasure Island but we got there at 10pm (closing time) I had a few other places in mind but I called before and they were also closed WTF!!! This was the only place that was opened late at TI.Didn't feel like getting our car from valet and looking for another place so we settled here. We had to wait in a line outside to get seated for like 20+min. There seemed to be only 3 people waiting on tables so it took a long time to get our drinks, food,etc. Heeelllooo mgmt, if this is the only place that's opened late and is obviously crowded, why are there only 3 people serving?!?!?!?
2	The only reason you go to coffee shop is because you have to. Either other lines are longer, everything is closed, or it's breakfast time. The service is kind of crappy. While the servers are friendly, they are always seem understaffed. The food is fine, nothing special.
1	Day 1: After clubbing at TAO, we come back to the hotel and we go... "What should we eat?  Nothing is open... Coffee shop is open? LET's GO!!!"Day 2: After another night of clubbing... "FAWK we are back at the hotel already... sooo hungry.. should we walk around the strip? nahhhh lets just go to the coffee shop :(Day 3: Cracked out after 2 days of clubbing and a full day of pool party... "F*ck it.  Coffee shop it is"Ok... We ate at the Coffee shop 3x while we were in Vegas for the weekend.  Not because it was good, but because we had no choice...  They trick you with convenience... This place is open 24 hr and is located right next to the elevators.Service is bad, the food is bad and overpriced!!!  Can we PLEASE remember to get food before we come back to the hotel next time?!?! This place is so not worth going to.  With the amount you spend here, you can get better food elsewhere. Here's a good example: Their spaghetti with meatballs is like $18 and it tastes like chef boyardee spaghetti with meatballs http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/rLhc543pshadqbfgelyHiw/l (which you can get for $1 a can when you buy 10 at Ralphs) UGHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!*edit* NO THERE WERE NO OTHER OPTIONS I SWEAR!
2	I'm freakin' DONE with this place. Every time I come here I get above-average food (good!) with poor service (bad!) Last time I was here our server never came back to pick up our check and it took so long that i had to get up and go looking for someone else to get us some change. This time I ordered the soup-and-half-sandwich plate. I was offered chicken noodle or French onion. I went with the onion. When the check came, I was charged extra for the soup. When my server came back to pick up my card (and she took a LONG time to come back around and wasn't even the same server as the time before... is this protocol at this restaurant?) she said "oh, yeah, that soup costs extra." Interesting, as the surcharge isn't noted on the menu and as a former server myself, I know I should have been told about this when given the choices. I won't lie: the food is pretty hearty. But is it worth the flippant service?
1	After partying allllllll night, I was getting hungry.  Not to mention, it was 7 o'clock in the morning.  At that time, we were drinking at Breeze Bar, so we just took a few steps over to The Coffee Shop for breakfast.I don't know if it was because I pretended to be blind and asked the waitress for a menu in braille, but the food and service totally sucked.  I was looking forward to some hearty eggs and bacon, but all I got was dog food.  It made me sick.  Fortunately, I had some beef jerky in my room that helped calm my stomach.
2	The service here always sucks. I think old ladies who are rejected as casino waitresses go here to die.  Most of the food is mediocre and meant to be eaten when you are wasted.  That being said, the stuffed baked potatoes are awesome.  And they always cook hashbrowns perfectly.
3	Okay, not sure if my review is going to be fair, because i just ordered hash browns (and who can go wrong with hash browns).  But this place did not look good.  There didn't seem to be anything on their menu that had any nutritional value and It was not difficult for me to order nothing else but hash browns.  Again, you've gotta take this review with a grain of salt cause hey ---- maybe you're just into food with zero nutritional value.....
3	Mmm. Breakfast at 4:30am. How fun.After being out late and our bodies still not adjusted to Vegas time, some of my friends and I stopped at The Coffee Shop for some "breakfast" food. My experience with it wasn't as bad as some of the previous reviews... but I thought it was okay.My friend got the gardener's delight and I chose the mushroom omelet. Both were pretty good and HUGE. Nothing too interesting, and for the price, I was hoping for something a tad more inventive? Nonetheless, a hearty breakfast- came with toast and hashbrowns... so not bad at all. I definitely felt the oil starting to sit in my stomach.. but what do you expect for a 4am breakfast?The service was fast and we were seated quickly. However, as one of my friends was being a tad belligerent, the waitress was giving us evil looks as the rest of my friends were fine. Nonetheless, service was fast, and the food was okay. I guess with the name "Coffee Shop", I was hoping for something a bit more inventive?
3	We were craving steak and eggs and considering it was new years eve, it was hard to get from 1 side of the strip to the other side especially since it was like 40% outside at like 1a.  So we just figured, let's go eat at TI since they had to have a place that serve steaks and eggs.  Yes, they do but it was like $19 bucks.  No $5.99 deal here.  Yes, the prices on the menu were pretty pricey.  That's why I stuck with the burger, which was a great choice since it was huge (the patty didn't even fit the bun since it was huge) and the fries were really yummy.  They did forget my ranch sauce but that's fine since I just used the ketchup/pepper sauce mix instead.  Friend ordered the regular eggs, bacon, hash browns, which were filling to him but of course, was a little pricey.  It didn't help that the restaurant was next to the pho place since going to the restrooms, you can smell it and we were thinking about changing our minds and leaving but didn't.  Service was good when we went and since it was open 24 hours, that's a plus especially with huge portions.
3	The place is awesome in that it's the only nice place around open 24/7 and very conveniently located next to the elevator. The bad, SO overpriced! The food was good, but not amazing nor worth the price. But hey when you're tired/drunk, it'll do wonderfully! Staff isn't very attentive either...
3	Disclaimer: I have only eaten here during the wee hours of the morning (think 5~6am) as an attempt to somewhat sober up before heading up to my room so I'm giving this place one more star than I normally would have. What we've ordered: **bacon, cheddar broccoli omelet - lots of ingredients, the bacon overload makes it slightly salty.. perhaps a little too salty**mushroom, swiss cheese omelet - i'd say this is your best bet if you're okay with mushrooms **chicken fingers - steer clear, there's not much chicken in the chicken fingers, just really thick breading Cons: Prices are steep for Denny's caliber food, about $14-15 for an omelet but portions are generous so they can be split (unless you're a lumber jack).Bottom line: Would I ever eat here completely sober? No. Is this a good place to get your grub on after a night of crazy partying and drunken debauchery? Absolutely!
2	I wanted to go to eat the Pho instead of the coffee shop part of this place, but it was noon and none of us have had breakfast so I just go with the flow. When we got it, they seated us far away from the cash register near the Pho side which I thought was strange. Got the menu and started looking at the choices and a lady came up to us to ask for our drinks. We all got water except my husband got an orange juice. She asked if he wanted a small or a large and he told her a small, but she then told him that a large was the size of our water which was probably less than 8oz. I was like what the heck, that's a large!?!? and it's $6!!?!?! What a rip off, but he got it anyway. I got some breakfast item that had meat in it. I don't even remember what it was and my friend got a sandwich. All in all, the food was basic and not good. Price was over the top and the lady who provided the drinks had an attitude. She dropped our water on our table and walked away and when she did take our water order, it was with an attitude. Two big thumbs down.
2	One of the worst Vegas hotel diners that I've been to. Service was super slow and it felt like our food took forever. The menu is small and way overpriced. You're better off heading next door to the Fashion Show Mall food court.
3	This was the 2nd Strip property coffee shop/cafe I ate at this week. I was with some of my family as we were doing some sightseeing, and we needed some reasonably priced grub. We weren't going to shell out $20 for an entree, and we were pretty hungry so we stopped here. I thought the menu was pretty decent for a cafe/coffee shop, and because it was dinner time, we had our choices of food. I was excited they had a veggie burger, even though I didn't get one. It is hard for me to understand places like this that don't carry veggie burgers, not just vegetarians eat these...anyway...I had the nachos. They were $13 but the plate was massive and there was no way I could have finished these bad boys if it weren't for the others at my table. Service was pretty decent, we had a couple awkward moments with the server, but its Vegas, so it happens. If I am in TI and craving food again, this won't be a bad stop.
2	I stayed at TI this past 4th of July weekend and I was happy at the first visit but not so thrilled the second time. First off the in room description says average cost per person is $12 ...um maybe like 10yrs ago cause both times I went my bill was over $20 for just myself. Which was in my opinion WAY too expensive for breakfast. I asked for cheddar cheese on my eggs and it came back with an square piece of melted American on it which i was disappointed with. I asked for bacon well done and it came out not well done. I had to send back my coffee because it was too watery. btw ---this was on the second day, if i had this experience the first day i would NOT have gone back. On the first day I was sitting next to a table of 8 people that were seated and then forgot about. The entire table ended up leaving and upset...that should have been a sign!! Too bad that every restaurant was so damn expensive at TI.....disappointing.
2	It's not really a coffee shop despite its name. It's more like a Denny's because they serve a variety of American food and they're open 24 hours. The food itself wasn't very good. 3 of my friends and I shared a chicken pot pie which was more like thick chicken noodle soup in a bread bowl, cobb salad, chicken caesar salad, and a quesadilla. The salads were okay, and the quesadilla was very average. Nothing really memorable. But it's pretty dang overpriced. I guess that's expected as a restaurant inside a Vegas hotel. Service was super sweet though! Everyone from the host to the servers were really nice and always smiling. But all in all, I'd rather eat at McDonalds than this place to get my service with a smile.
2	mann what a bummer!! this was the second time i came to this restaurant cuz i remember i thought it was delicious the last time i came to vegas... but clearly i must have been really drunk when i ate there the last time cuz the food was NOT as good as i had thought it to be.  i almost felt bad cuz i raved to my friends that this place was pretty good and even better cuz its right downstairs from our room.i ordered the cobb salad and was SO shocked that they did not have honey mustard dressing.. who doesnt have honey mustard dressing??!  so i sadly settled for the balsamic vinaigrette which definitely...does NOT taste very good with a cobb salad.i ended up mooching off my friends quesadilla and chicken caesar salad because i didnt like my dish.  the only good thing about this place was that i wasnt able to eat a lot.. which allowed me to get more drunk when the time came to pre-party before going out. haha.
1	Time went: August 23, 2010 Monday 3:30 AMDon't and I repeat, DO NOT ever go here!Unless you love:-Ridiculously slow service-Crappy staff-Overpriced foodYes, we are in Vegas, everything is overpriced, but the food here are like Denny's and iHop, but with a lot less variety.We went here because it was the only thing open in the hotel and we were dead tired with walking, so we settled at the Coffee Shop.First thing I noticed, there were 1 group of 3 in line waiting, but there were 4 staffs talking to each other by the cash register while 2 servers walking around getting stuff, and TONS of open tables. But we got in about 5 minutes. We sat and 1 minute later the waitress came and asked if we want anything to drink. We got water and was still looking at the menu so we left it at that. We waited for 15 minutes, but no water and no service. There were now 6 staffs talking at the cash register and the waitress just passed us by twice without looking at us. I tried to flag any staff down, but no one came, so we just left. When we left the staffs by the cash register looked at us with mean look.We went to the convenience store in TI instead to get beef jerky water and chips.
3	Typical cafe in the casinos. I came here with my parents for lunch and ordered:-Caesar Chicken Wrap (ok, not exceptional)-NY Steak and Eggs w/ Rye toast (wanted medium-rare, but came out medium-well)-Chinese Chicken Salad (Got the ingrediens, but didn't taste as good as elsewhere)-Buffalo Wings (Too Salty)-Coffee (bad)Check came out to be about $71.Wait time: 40 min. Waiting was too ridiculously long!There's a Pho right next to this place which is better but not 24hr.
3	Nice little spot....they serve breakfast all day! so i was just in time when i woke up t 11 am ;)Noticed the prices were a tad bit higher than what im use to paying..but i know they were gonna be good sized portions...and they were!!!The Service was pretty slow....and it took awhile for us to get our food..but its all good.My plate was Big and soo good, three of us got teh same plate, i forget what it was called, but its basically a Italian Skillet...i dnt know about a 6 dollar large orange juice, thats the size of a small though.
4	Pho was available at 11am. It was pretty good for Vegas. Our waiter, Justin was great. He was very accommodating. I ordered pho Bo Vien and mein ga and shared both bowls with my friend so we can try both of the broths. I was impressed on the taste of the broths. They also have Vietnamese coffee too!
3	Most expensive Chicken Strips ever! They were $16 and only came with four strips. That's $4 a strip! I mean, it was hella good, but definitely not worth the price! We also had the Cheeseburger here for $14. The fries were on point and the meat in the burger cooked just the way I like it!! Everything was delicious.....BUT then again I was drunk. What doesn't taste good when you're drunk and starving?! The food is definitely WAY overpriced here which is why I took one star away. Another star taken away for it's slow/bad service.
3	Ouch, overpriced food! But hey, it's Vegas, I guess!Ate here with Erica C. and as she has already said, indeed it was the most expensive chicken strips ever! Was really good though, it was crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside. The honey-mustard dip was delicious! I ended up dipping my fries in it too.Got the Cheeseburger, which was alright. The fries that came with it was the star of the dish, they were so good! extra crispy and still tasted like potatoes.Expect slow service. There was about three people in the restaurant and the server took at least 10 minutes to greet us.
2	If you want Denny's quality food for 3x the price, eat here. I got the ham and cheese omelet which was exactly that - egg, ham and cheese for $15. bottom line: the food will hit the spot for late night (or should i say early morning?) cravings, but you might only want to dine here if no other options are readily available.
4	I agree that the food is overpriced.  But this is Vegas...EVERYTHING is overpriced, yo.  The service isn't always great.  And although breakfast is served 24 hours, the regular dinner menu ends at 10:00p.The ONLY reason I'm giving TCS a 4-star rating is because they have an outstanding open-faced turkey sandwich and mashed potatoes.  My wife and I love it.  We stop here every time we visit Vegas...sometimes twice.Letter Grade:  B -
1	I came here for breakfast, right before 10:45 AM.  I had to check-out by noon so I was concerned I wasn't going to make it.  First, there's always a line at this place, even though the restaurant has a fire capacity of 500 occupants...I was seated right next to a bussing station, so there were always people walking by.  It took me 10 minutes to get a simple glass of water, and a bus boy brought it to me.  It was a full 15 minutes before I even ordered; the corn beef hash, eggs, hash browns, and toast.The food was only mediocre, at best.  The toast was burnt, the hash had too many red-peppers to the point it was over-powering.  The eggs were the only highlight as the hash browns were so brown, everything was crisp, not a soft potato part left.  I didn't bother sending it back because I was in a rush to check out.  By the time I left the restaurant, it was 11:40 AM and I still had to go back upstairs, to the 26th floor, and gather my things to leave.Even though this place is open all hours, is overpriced, and there are plenty of better places to eat, I might come back if I was in a hurry, only because it takes so long to get anywhere on the Strip.  One odd thing was, they don't do take-out, they make you order room service if you want something.
2	TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!  We were seated fast enough but then we had the RUDEST waitress ever.  She asked for our drink order and we told her what we wanted...and then she says...anything else...really rude and I told her no...but I meant no other DRINKS!  She came back like five minutes later and put the drinks down in 2 seconds and was gone and she NEVER came back!We waited like 15 more minutes and finally another waitress came over to take our order.  I told the new waitress that I didn't want that other rude lady to come back to my table so she agreed to take care of us.  We ordered a broccoli omelet and a country skillet.  Both meals were very good if not very overpriced.I can't imagine that I would come here again unless I was left with no other choice.  The first waitress was just so off putting as well as their high prices for crappy-mediocre service!
2	There is something about casino restaurants that I don't understand. Why, even when you're slow, only have one person serving food AND alcoholic drinks when you have 2 people manning the minimal entrance line, 3 people serving drinks and then letting you know they aren't allowed to bring the alcohol? What's the point of that? It slowed down our service by half an hour. What if a casino's goal is to get you gambling ASAP, but you're stalled by the terrible service? Hmm...The food wasn't that great either. I expect to pay a lot anywhere I go in Vegas, but I at least expect you to go above the expectation of any restaurant. I might as well have gone to Fridays.
2	Bland bland bland bland bland bland...I ordered their deal of the day of Bowtie pasta with chicken in Alfredo sauce and all I can say is that Ragu Alfredo sauce tasted better than what they served me. It's just bland and meh.Better options to eat in Vegas, just stay away from the coffee shop.
3	So why have I been to The Coffee Shop on so many occasions while in vegas?  Well: 1) I tend to stay at Treasure Island a lot, 2) I am usually drunk when I go here after partying, 3) It is on the way to the guest elevators, 4) it is open 24 hours.Beyond those reasons, it is decent, greasy food for those late night drunk munchies.  Honestly, I am not too sure what I have tried here (hazy hazy nights that were mostly fun I think), but the one item that I remember sticking out the most, and my friends and I fighting over, were the fries.  For some reason, they were insanely good the many times we ate here post 3 AM.  If anything, get some 3AM fries.
1	OMG stay away!!!the restaurant was nearly empty but the service was sooooo slow.we waited probably over 40 minutes for our food.the server was always missing.the nachos were salty. the cheese itself is way too salty. however, i did like how it had a slight kick to it.my steak and eggs were horrible.i ordered medium rare but it came almost medium well.it was realllly hard to eat. it just didn't taste good.  i had to use A1 and ketchup to make it taste somewhat decent.i heard from others that the french onion soup was super salty.  they added hot water (that was for their tea) to the soup to make it a little better.never again!
3	I actually thought this place was okay.  Vegas is actually pretty reasonable and not crowded and you can get good/decent service at most establishments when you run on business time rather than on party time.  I ate here recently while staying at TI during a work trip (seriously...people do go to vegas for reasons other than partying).Anyways, my boss and I stopped in for breakfast before checking out on our last morning.  We were pleasantly surprised.  The portions were big, but not outrageously so. Good value (of course). Not too greasy. Above average diner food. The boss had french toast with a side of bacon. The french toast came with all the fixings - powdered sugar, syrup and butter.  Boss-lady enjoyed her morning heart attack meal.  The waitress only flinched once when she asked for MORE powdered sugar to accompany the already powder-white french toast.  I had a standard 2-eggs, bacon, hash brown and toast meal.  Everything was pretty good for what it is. It was surprisingly (pleasantly so) not overly greasy. I was pleased to find my scrambled eggs were fluffy and not over-cooked, and not covered in grease. The bacon was also crispy and not too greasy (I wonder if they are actually cooking their bacon in the oven and letting the fat drip off).  Toast was standard. Nothing was overcooked which is surprising in this day and age of hypochondriacs and under-developed food palettes. The coffee was a tinge stronger than one would expect.Prices were fair (although my boss did complain that her side of bacon was about $8...but she did get like 6 or 7 pieces of bacon with that order...which seems fair since most places charge $2-3 for a side of bacon with 2 pcs).The service was good. We never had to ask for coffee refills. Out waitress was nice enough.  She wasn't speedy but wasn't slow either. No complaints here.The place is decent and convenient if you are staying at the TI or are in the TI and happen to be hungry at that moment. There's no reason to go out of your way to eat here but it will do when you need a bite.
3	Decent place for breakfast - little pricey but it's Vegas.Our waitress was very cut to the chase - not friendly but efficient.  We ordered the healthy egg white omelet and that came with fruit. It was good but I was hungry in a few hours. Not cool for a $20 breakfast.
4	at 3pm it was nice. coffee was good and the eggs were good. the lox or "salmon platter" was surprisongly good.
2	We ate here because we didn't have much of a choice.  Our flight arrived late due to a delay and we were desperate for a hot meal.  Though we could've driven off strip to some place far better and cheaper probably, we just wanted something quick and within TI, where we stayed.  So that leaves The Coffee Shop.  The service was slow even though it was 4 AM and 75% of the restaurant was empty.  My husband ordered their club sandwich, which actually was not all that terrible.  I ordered the ham and cheese omelete.  It came lukewarm and with a slice of processed cheese on top.  It was bland and pricey.
2	mehhh I've had better for less.... I'm talking about the food and service(lack of) Go to Mcdonalds or dennys instead. It's just convenient but then you wait 45 minutes for chicken tenders that are mediocre at best
3	Tried this place out for late dinner during a recent stay at Treasure Island. Gotta say, i loved the food. The burger i got was really good, tasted so good with avocado and the grilled onions. My gf got a Taco Salad, which i liked, but she thought was decent as best. The only issue i had with this place was the lack of staff in the restaurant to keep things running efficiently. The people who work there are great, very friendly and courteous just like you see all around TI, but when i went they were seriously understaffed. It seemed like they were packed but only had the host and a couple waiters/waitresses and a manager. Things could have been a lot more efficient had there been more staff. The wait to order food was a little longer than i'm used to waiting, same with getting the check. The food came out in good time though despite it being pretty packed. There were two couples behind us complaining about how long they had to wait despite there being open seats, but it seems like the host was explaining they can't seat people if they don't have the right amount of staff to serve everyone. It's a great place to grab a bite, they just need a little extra help though when its busy time. i will definitely go back next time im at T.I. cuz the burger was seriously delicious, hopefully by then they will be better prepared to handle more customers and i'll update my review. For now its A-OK!
2	The food and service is SO not worth the price!There was a line when we went, and that moved quickly, which was nice.  That was the last upside to our visit.  After we were seated, it took 10 minutes for anybody to come by with water.  And then it took another 10 minutes for our surly waitress to ask us if we wanted anything.  Ummm, yes, that's sort of why we're here, right??So among three of us, we ordered french toast and a breakfast burrito.  The breakfast burrito was just ok, and the $12 french toast came with a slice and a half of bread.So after 75 minute breakfast that should have been around a half an hour, our wallets were FORTY FIVE dollars lighter and we were still hungry.  Don't bother with this joint!!
2	Decided to try this place for breakfast. I decided on a simple eggs and sausage breakfast. Nothing super special about it. I should've had a cheeseburger for breakfast.They left the much-needed coffee pot on the table....Yay!The server, Mary, was very friendly.The price for the meal at The Coffee Shop was about the same as the buffet at Treasure Island, so it was the buffet the rest of the week for breakfast.I probably wouldn't come back here in the future. There are too many other places to eat inside Treasure Island (and the rest of The Strip).
3	We tried this place out because it was the only one (besides Kahunaville) that was open in the morning at TI. It's also open for 24hrs. We had wonton soup, teriyaki salmon bowl, and one of the breakfast skillet. The food was delicious--the salmon was fresh, the broth of the wonton soup was non-greasy but the wontons were more like dumplings...the breakfast skillet was also good. Everything was served in large portions. I would have to say that it was a bit pricey though. We also had the carrot cake which was deliciously moist and not that sweet.Our server was great but I would have to say that the lady who brought us our drinks (not our server) could have been a little bit happier :)
2	When you're staying at TI and need something 3 in the am this is the closest place to grab some grub.  They have a limited menu; mostly breakfast foods and a couple burger/sandwiches.  The staff is friendly for it being 3 in the morning but the prices are a little high.My girl and I needed something to put in our stomachs late at night / early in the morning.  Went down to look around the casino and found that this was the only open place.  She got the burger and I got the mushroom and cheese omelet.  Both dishes tasted pretty much like Denny's food.  That is no complaint tho, seeing as it was a spur of the moment, late night meal.Pretty much its a place with decent food that is overpriced.  Don't really find ourselves frequenting this place during normal hours, just a place to grab something to eat when everything else is closed.
1	over priced for sure. Checked out at T.I - came here for bfast before the road and it was blah- my dad was raving about it as we waited but it was just eh....i ordered the Fresh Market Skillet- eh- it came with soggy hash browns and eggs that i could totally tell where powdered - kinda disappointing - wasnt salted.. i mean blah
2	The best thing about this place? If you're hungry in the middle of the night (and you're staying at TI), this is probably the most convenient place for you to satisfy your hunger. Unfortunately, that's just about the only good thing about this place. In the middle of the night, there is a limited menu with a few breakfast selections, as well as a few appetizers, burgers and sandwiches choices. And as most, if not all, previous reviews have stated, all overpriced. But hey, it is Vegas... and when you're hungry, you're hungry, right?My friends and I ordered the wings and Clubhouse sandwich. The wings were on the larger side, however, the sauce tasted a little odd. It definitely wasn't just buffalo sauce... that's all I have to say about that. The Clubhouse sandwich was good... and was great for sharing! It comes with a small order of fries and lots of ketchup. Great for munching. :)Oh... the service? Eh. Five minutes after we sat down, a woman came by to take our drink orders. She then, let us know that she wasn't going to be our server and that he'd be around shortly. Ten to fifteen minutes later, our server arrived. Normally, I don't have a problem if our server takes a while to get to us... but when he did, he wasn't very happy about it. He was short with us and looked like he couldn't have gotten away from our table fast enough. He might have been having a bad day/night, but really... that's not a good attitude to have, especially when you're in the service industry. (-2 stars)Hm... I'm not sure if I'll be back. Maybe I'll order room service the next time I'm here.
1	I was starving on a Sunday night, and everything else at TI was closed.... so this place was my only option.The night before, I had a carrot cake from here. It was alright, but I expected something better for a $7 carrot cake. The desserts at the Aria and Bellagio brunch buffet tasted much better than the carrot cake.Anyways, I ordered a french onion soup and my boyfriend order a mango smoothie. It took half an hour for the soup to come out, and they still did not bring out the mango smoothie... My boyfriend asked to cancel the smoothie and the waiter said "it is done, we are looking for a glass for it." My boyfriend and I were confused.... is it that hard to get a glass? in a casino? where drinks are served EVERYWHERE?one star for the french onion soup... it was okay, a little bit too salty though.
3	Decent food but overpriced... The Coffee Shop was our first choice needing to eat a quick meal before heading out to the TI pool.If time isn't a factor, you can see more beefed up menu items at the Grand Lux Cafe across the street. I tried the loaded baked potato and it was pretty good, nothing all that special. When I looked around, it seemed the food did its job, no one got anything that was particularly gourmet but we had enough food to absorb all the alcohol for the rest of the day. Food came out relatively quick and service was nice. I would only see myself coming back if I'm in a time crunch again.
2	The food is ok...its typical diner food...but they are way overpriced...My husband and I only went here because it was in the Treasure Island which was the hotel we were staying at when we were at Vegas.  But there are so many better places you can go to for much cheaper.  I mean...$12 for a turkey sandwich...I don't think so...
1	More of the same... What ever has happened to America? We don't even need to talk about the price. Assinine. What a bunch of crap. This is Las Vegas is falling on deaf ears here.The food was horrific. I have never in my life had such horrifically bland eggs. We both ordered omelettes.  How one can screw up a ham and cheese omelette is beyond me. I never thought it was possible until I ate here. I am done with this one. The food was absolute shit. I don't eat at McDonald's. Haven't in 16 years. I will go there before I eat the shit this place produces.
3	2 stars for service3 stars for foodThe Coffee Shop offers decent drunk/hangover food at high prices. We came here after a night at the clubs and had "hungry eyes". We were seated quickly and I had my mind on one thing - a sandwich and fries. Their late night menu had some good options but the prices were ridiculous. $14.95 for a club sandwich and fries?! That's a little much don't ya think? Anyway, it did the job and soaked up all the alcohol from the night. The boy and I shared and the sandwich itself was actually pretty good, but the fries could have been better. I would have much preferred McDonald's fries! My friends had the french toast and the BLT sandwich with fries and they both said it was good for what it is. My only real complaint, aside from the prices, was the service. Now, I know at 4 a.m. the last thing anyone wants to do is deal with drunk people, but none of us were obnoxious, belligerent or puking everywhere, so what's with the sass?! When our server started to bring out our food, my boyfriend politely asked for an extra plate. Her response?: "Why don't you let me bring out everything first before you start requesting things!" WOW...awkward! It was really rude and unnecessary and left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Not sure if I'll return here on future Vegas trips.
3	Good place for a quick bite...nothing fancy. Prices are high but the foods pretty good.
4	We had a $50 food credit from staying at Treasure Island and we decided to use it up by getting breakfast on our last day in Vegas at the Coffee Shop.  We had to wait a bit for a table but the more annoying part was after we were seated we waited forever for our waitress.  I understand she was swamped but argh.  I guess it would have been less annoying if we weren't in a rush...but we were.  Ha.  I ate my weight in pancakes.  And I am a big girl.  So that's a lot of pancakes.  I ordered some pancake stack that also came with sausage, bacon AND eggs.  Yep.  And I ate it all.  I swear.  Okay, I am lying, I shared the sausage with my boyfriend, but only because he always shares his with me *eyebrow raise*. I got my own pot of coffee which was a nice touch.  Kind of dangerous because I have this well documented problem where if a drink is in front of me, I can't help but drink it.  Quickly.  I drive servers crazy with how many times they have to refill my water glass.  And so it went with the coffee.  I was so obsessed with drinking as much of it as possible (the goal was ALL of it but that was unattainable) that I used up all of my (and most of my boyfriend's) ice cubes trying to cool it down.  That's how they trick you! They make it so hot that you can't chug it.  But I got around that! Joke's on them!So the pancakes were yum, the sausage and bacon were good, the eggs hit the spot, the coffee was...plentiful, and then we ran for the airport because our waitress was so damn slow.  Good bye Vegas! Thanks for the last minute chow down!
1	they have horrible service! it took really long to get our food... we came to eat here because it was the only thing open at our hotel at 4am lol..but anywhoo there wasnt alot of people ...how long does it really take to make a grilled cheese sandwich?? and to top it off the food wasnt that great!.
2	Two stars for late night convenience. Negative three stars for how cheap this place is. And by cheap I don't mean price wise. I mean low quality and bad service wise. It's a shame that its come to this. I understand I could easily cross the street and grab a super bird from dennys. But sometimes, that just doesn't cut it.There really needs to be more open, late night. When it comes to Vegas. No one minds forking up a few extra bucks for some late night breakfast. But this is ridiculous. I think the only item I enjoyed while dining here. Was there 7$ orange juice. Which again was overpriced. But that's just vegas for you.I think treasure island all around is a bad hotel. They can't get anything right. Not even a damn cafe to serve some decent food. Just save your cash. Cross to Denny's. Or some other restaurant.
1	12.15pm Visited the Coffee Shop based at Treasure Island for a light lunch.Service Server very and friendly however on seeing my almost full plate of the left over food she did not question as to why or ask if I wanted something else.My thoughts were perhaps  she was used to people leaving full plates of food which is very worrying and disgraceful for a coffee place/restaurant in a hotel.FoodOrdered the Qusedillas which came with Pico De Gio and Sour Cream. I asked for no sour cream.When It arrived it was poorly plated, soggy and tasteless. It was not at all crispy or fresh tasting.The chicken was hard to find and what was in it was stringy and there was lots of onions and what i thought might be stringy green pepper stuck on the cheese.Quite frankly the worse ever one I have tasted anywhere and considering i was starving this tells you a lot.
1	Damn the food here is disgusting. After a night out of drinking and clubbin at XS...This was the closest spot open at TI. Opted to come here cuz they served "breakfast food" that was crap. It took forever to get seated even though there were plenty of tables. The server took days to get some water and get the orders down.Then, the burger i got was dry and not fresh at all. Made me wanna yack ... along with 3 other dudes about 30 mins later. The omelettes look dry and chewy. I can see why they're connected with the Pho place next door, no wonder both their service sucks, and so does their food.
1	Would probably never come here again unless I absolutely had to.  Service was extremely poor, food was overpriced and not that great.  I had a veggie burger and fries which was okay.  Friends had nachos- the cheese on them was kind of funky but the toppings of beans, jalepenos, olives, etc were okay.Originally we were going to get the appetizer platter but after hearing how many pieces of each item were on the platter, it was way to overpriced and didn't seem that great.Good: not much...standard cafe fareBad: service, price, foodOverall: Like I said, I probably wouldn't come back here, it's really not worth it.  It is the only food place open late at TI but the menu is pretty limited.  Don't expect great service...I waited forever to get water refills!!
4	I dont understand why this has such low ratings ! I had excellent service, delicious steak and THEEE BEST BAKED POTATO EVER! I got the prime rib and it was perfectly cooked, with delicious au jus to complement the MEAT. I ate allll 12 oz of it and managed to demolish the baked potato with almost 1lb of butter and sour cream. HEY I WAS ON VACATION!! Dont judge me! For $32 well worth the cozy ambience.
1	Horrible service and the overpriced food is a close second. Best thing about this joint was it was located in the casino where we were staying, and it was open late.
4	The food is great for a night after partying (or not). They have this chocolate cake...it is to DIE for! YUM!
1	This place is trash. The restaurant was packed because it was 5pm. I expected a long wait, but I noticed a lot of table were empty in the middle.  Their were more then enough waiters to seat more people.  I counted 7 waiters and about 20 tables that were occupied.  I dont know any waiter that would work with only 3 tables to make a decent pay for the night.  We got seated after 45 mins of waiting.Our food took an hour to get out, and we still didnt get our drinks because the waitress never came around after we ordered.  Maybe she was on her period.  THe food was actually really good but it was way over priced for the small portion, and after 2 1/2 hours its so not worth it.
1	We stayed at Treasure Island and went to eat at THE COFFEE SHOP very unfriendly, the waiter was not friendly and didnt make us feel welcome, prices are way out of line. the waiter just dumpted the check on us without asking if we wanted refils or is everything alright nothing..even when we left the person at the front  didnt even thank us  its was by far THE WORST. NOT RECOMMENED
3	Yes, I do agree.  The service here is pretty bad.  Everyone seems unhappy.  Prices are fairly high, but it is a casino.Lets talk food.  My family and I were on comp and so we chose to give this place a try over canter's (better place).  We came for breakfast; american breakfast, steak and eggs, philly cheese steak, chicken club, and egg chicken skillet (can't remember all of them).  Food was decent, I don't think you can screw up eggs scramble or over easy.  Grandma didn't like the steak; she felt that it was over cooked and to me it looked like cheap meat.  I couldn't go wrong with the all american, but I do wish that they would give me 2 sasuage and 2 bacon instead of one or the other.  Seriously, for over $10 and you can give me both?  Uncle made a poor choice on getting the philly.  Just looked like stir fried beef, onions, and bell pepper on bread.  Nothing special.  Gf didn't even finish her club, enough said.  Aunt didn't complain about her skillet, but then she hardly complains when it's comp on T.I. Overrall,  service would really kill you mood.  Back to Canter's from now on..
3	My friends and I were plagued with some serious munchies after a long night of clubbing in Vegas and were on the verge of death by starvation when we decided that there was only one thing to do...yelp! Surprisingly, there weren't that many places open past 4am, which is when the clubs start clearing out. However, thanks to The Coffee Shop, which is located in Treasure Island (where we we were staying that night), we were all able to go to bed with quiet, content bellies that night.I ordered the All American Burger with cheese (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dqSDQSjp4SjzYUYUFuj0gw?select=pNBSY2PapXDp4yFHvOmPGA#0N739LEDPk5Zrq-axukSMw). It was a good thing I was famished because that burger was ginormous with a mountain of fries piled next to it on the plate. I had the burger cooked rare and it was perfect. The fries with thin and crispy, but I wish there was a little more starchyness in the middle of the fries.All in all, good place to grab some late night food, but it is on the pricier side. My burger plate cost $14 (and cheese cost extra...what?!?!), which I would not have been willing to pay for a burger had there been other cheaper food options around the area.
3	Despite all the low reviews, my meal was delicious.  The BF was very pleased with his simple breakfast as well.  I had the Southern Comfort skillet and it was beautiful looking and delicious tasting.  I ate every bite, along with the buttered toast with strawberry jam.Our waitress was a bit of a biatch though.  But what else do u expect from a woman over 40's working in Vegas, crabby.  Its typical.
3	It was ok. Just casual dining experience for the late nighters. Service was a bit slow but that's because they had a skeleton crew and it was 4 am in the morning. Wished they served Pho around the clock though. That would've earned them another star for a total of 4.
2	Went here for breakfast one day. No issues with the food it was standard diner fare but the slow was not even the word for the service. Needless to say we wound up walking the few extra minutes to Starbucks every other morning for the remainder of the trip and grabbed breakfast there instead.
4	The Coffee Shop is one of our two go-to breakfast joints when we're in Vegas. In terms of affordable and plentiful breakfast fare, The Coffee Shop can't really be beat. You can count on quick wait times and fast service no matter what busy weekend it may be. The staff may not be the most personable or the friendliest, but they are fast and have never messed our orders up.I order the Downtown Breakfast Sandwich every time - I think the sandwich was personally designed for my taste buds, and I highly recommend it. My husband likes the Tower of French Toast, as it has different fruit varieties. They also have very inexpensive but heavily alcohol filled Mimomas.We would never come to The Coffee Shop for anything other than breakfast because truthfully they offer standard sandwich and chicken tender type foods that we can find at home for a third the price, and there isn't anything memorable about the restaurant - it's very bare bones and diner-y. But breakfast? It fits right in and they do it well.
4	Love this place. Service is a bit slow but otherwise good, solid food especially after a long night, the clubhouse sandwich is great!
1	BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWORST place I've ever been to in Vegas, right when we walked in we were VERY rudely greeted, lady right away told me that because our group was large if we don't split up we'd be charge a 18% tip, (which I appreciate her telling me) but I was caught off guard and I said excuse me could you repeat that? she rolled her eyes at me and repeated herself.. okay whatever hoe, I let it go.We were sat fairly quickly, my group was a table of 4 at a booth, I was on the outer side, I'm a decently tall guy (about 6 feet) so when you sit me in a booth the size meant for midgets my legs will stick out a bit on the edge, the server came by and kicked my foot.. "HEY MOVE YOUR FOOT INSIDE" I obeyed her orders, a bit shocked but whatever YOLO HO, so I did. after she walked away I discussed it with my friends we agreed that maybe English wasn't her first language so just to let it go. but of course my leg slipped out a bit again, she walked to our table and kicked my foot again- "REALLY? AGAIN? YOU REALLY PUT YOUR FOOT OUT AGAIN?" I replied that I'm a bigger guy and I can't keep my leg inside completely under the table (mind you I wasn't STICKING IT OUT, and nobody was going to trip over my food) then she starts to lash out at me about how I can't keep my foot inside, so I finally got fed up and said "YOU REALLY ARE GOING TO KICK ME AND YELL AT ME?!!?" she said "YOU KICKED ME, YOU JUST KICKED ME" wtf r u serious?!?!?!?! I wasn't even moving my foot the whole time we were talking, she accused me of kicking her when my foot wasn't even moving?! go lick a nut lady, you're effin crazy!!! I made it a point to her that I wasn't going to take her yelling at me and she replied "OHH I'M JUST TEASING YOUUUU" then walked away, yea no lady, this shit ain't going to fly in my house. I'm usually VERY courteous to my servers and I know they have a tough job, but when you're going to YELL AT ME?! and accuse me of doing something I didn't do you can suck it. got up, went to the rest of our tables (we had 3 tables total) stood up and left, we're not BEGGING to eat here, you can take your peasant food elsewhere.
2	We came here in 2011 and had the best wonton soup ever. Fast forward to 2013, tried the wonton soup based on previous experience and it was definitely a let down, not even close to what we had in 2011. If you remember great soups at this place be careful you might be disappointed.
2	Went here twice for quick food. Seating took a while even though there were a lot of empty seats. Ordered the Denver omelette.Not that good. I could have made a better omelette and I should have for the price I paid for it. The hash browns were decent. I did like the buttered sourdough.Servers were nice enough but they disappeared for the rest of the meal and I couldn't even flag one down for water.
3	Again, it's a coffee shop people so please don't complain about the food or service!!!  IT is what is is....you get what you get with a smile.  Most importantly, they have KENO!!  One of the few places on the Vegas Strip where you can eat and play KENO, old-school style.  And you only know what I mean if you love playing KENO!  Have a milkshake, pick your numbers and toast my late grandmother who could play for hours!  xoxo
3	$4 for a cup of coffee.... WoWWW.   I went with a minimal breakfast. Yogurt with fruit + granola.  Impractical presentation (beautiful but all the fruit was planted on top of the yogurt and it would spill out of the dish as I tried to eat the yogurt at the bottom). Toast was a little cold...but I'll eat any bread and most of the time it will taste delicious. $20 breakfast after tip... a little spendy even for Vegas.
4	Mushroom omelette and crispy hashbrowns. The service was prompt and delightful...especially the attentive Keno girl. Gotta love winning money over eggs and toast. If you stay at treasure island and want a quick breakfast without leaving the casino, I recommend the coffee shop.
4	I've eaten breakfast here twice while staying at TI and haven't been disappointed. You get full and if you add some salt and pepper to your entree it's pretty tasty.  Service was good and the food came quick.  Typical breakfast for 2 including juice or coffee ran about $55 with tip, which is pretty steep.  I'm not kicking myself - my company paid for it!
3	My $15 belgium waffles had lots of berries.  However, Hubby's Club Sandwich had lukewarm fries.  Chinese wonton soup was good.  Service was ok.  We had a lady who must have been a server for a LONG time.  We asked for red vinegar twice, but we got white one instead.  You go there for the convenience (of not having to leave the casino), but not for quality or price.
1	My family stayed @ the TI for the New Year.  We first tried the buffet and everyone seemed to be satisfied.  The next day, we decided to follow the crowd and tried the Coffee Shop at the hotel.  What's a disaster!  We were seated fairly quickly.  My wife ordered a club sandwich, seared Salmon for daughter, pasta for the boy and Pho for me.  I took more than 30 minutes for the foods to make it to our table.  After a long day on the strip, we were ready to eat.  However, the foods were awful.  The best thing was the Pho I ordered but it was definitely the worst PHO I had ever had.  Club sandwich was cold like it was made in the morning with soggy fries, pasta like it came out of canned food, salmon and Pho were tasteless.  The final straw was the bill for $80 plus tip.  Take my advice, save your money and have real food elsewhere.  You'll thank me for that.
