4	Soga Restaurant just opened a few months ago in an upstairs restaurant location.  Their specialty is shabu shabu, a cook your own food items in a grill or soup hotplate. However, their lunch menu has some really tasty items that are under $10 - good for the student State Street crowd. The shabu shabu can be shared among 2-3 people. I ordered their tomato egg drop soup - it was really huge, and came with a side of steamed white glutinous rice. Others at my table ordered the shabu shabu of which there are dozens upon dozens of combination ingredients (mushroom, thin sliced beef, water chestnuts, Chinese veggies, etc.). Another person ordered their garlic eggplant dish which seemed better than average.  Service was really good.There's a bar in the back and I can see how the vision for this place was for it to be a late night, classy restaurant with nice curtains, nice tables and chairs, with a nice second floor view. I'm definitely coming back here to try their other items.The lunch food reminded me of the much praised Sezchuan restaurant on Park St, Ichiban, but with the geographic advantage of being on State Street.
5	I went there yesterday with my girlfriend and the food was delicious.I've always wanted a hot pot place in Madison and this place really hit the spot. For 16.95 we got the fatty beef shabu shabu and it was more than enough food for us 2 (could have easily fed 3). The ingredients were fresh, the wait staff was fast & friendly, refilled drinks before they ever hit empty, and its pretty cheap. I plan on coming back with friends and family in the future.
4	Soga is a little hard to find, you have to go up some massive stairs which seem a little intimidating. But once you get up there the staff is very welcoming and warm. We went there pretty late, about 40ish minutes before closing time and were unsure if we should stay and eat. They told us it would be no problem and would stay open a little later for us.We had the shrimp and beef shabu shabu. If you haven't had shabu shabu before it's a pot of boiling broth (I added pictures if you want to see) and a plate of different ingredients that you can throw in to cook. The broth itself is very good and made of bonito fish, seaweed and other spices.  It's even good to drink as a soup later on. The shabu shabu came with a lot of vegetables and mushrooms.  The vegetables looked and tasted great.  They also had chili paste, chili oil and sesame paste to add.  It was only about $16 and we shared it in between 2 people, but a third person could have gotten in on that. It was delicious and a good value.We also had the gyoza which is what brought us there to begin with (dumpling craving). They satisfied more than enough.On a final note...they must not be getting many white people since like I said they are kind of hidden away. They were extremely attentive of us, making sure we knew how to use chop sticks etc.
5	Second time going to Soga and I can't wait to go back. Actually texted a friend about this place while I was eating telling them they have to come here soon. We had the beef and shrimp shabu shabu and the fried squash and fried taro cakes for dessert. The shabu shabu broth is great. It is some combo that includes fish (was told it was bonito) and other spices. Not overpowering. Just delicious. With the broth comes a large plate of beef slices, and a plate of about 8 frozen whole shrimp, as well as the standard vegetables. The veggies may vary a bit but are napa cabbage, enoki mushrooms, shiitake, black mushrooms, fish cake, meatballs, pork dumplings, spinach, some other greens, taro, lotus root, and a nice helping of dried rice noodles (I think).  So these things mixed to your liking, with the broth, are great by themselves. Really the broth can be eaten like a soup it is so good. But, they bring chili paste, chili oil, sesame paste, and a mixture. And that mixture is one of the best condiments I've ever tasted and goes perfectly with whatever you have in your bowl. All for a decent price. Don't overcook things like beef and shrimp, make sure you have a decent mix of veggies and such and this will be a great and relatively cheap meal to share with someone. The desserts were a great way to end the meal. We couldn't decide between squash and taro (who could?) and the waiter let us try both. Three cakes the size of sand dollars come on a plate. By cake I mean they are kind of in paste form, then battered and fried with some sesame seeds on top. Neither were too sweet which was perfect since we don't particularly like sweet desserts. Probably an unhealthy option considering they were fried but they didn't feel too unhealthy since they were mostly squash and taro. Will order again and would recommend with enthusiasm. We've eaten shabu shabu and have no problems with chopsticks but the waiter was sure to brief us on the whole process and was there to help if we needed anything. Very much appreciated whether it was needed or not. Also, apparently the cakes were homemade, along with everything else. To what extent this is true I cannot vouch but everything we've had here tastes pretty homemade to our non Chinese palates. Go here. I've noticed a bunch of places shutting down on state st and others coming in and I hope this one stays around for a while because they have a big menu and I have a lot of stuff to try.
5	This is a wonderful find, the food warms the soul, it's affordable and the portions are gigantic. This place has it going, and we can't wait to go back, I just hope more people find it and it stays in business. Please go, you won't regret it!
1	I used to love Soga. Their shabu is pretty good. However, their service is terrible. Not only does it take forever to get anything- especially the check- the add an automatic gratuity of 20%. Even if you are a party of TWO. They do not deserve a 20% gratuity, especially awarding it on themselves. When confronted about their practice, they simply say they started doing this "a few weeks ago." I doubt this practice is uniform for all customers, but either way i would not recommend this place. Too bad I had almost become a regular.
5	Very good food and service. The special clay pot is superb! A good dish to order especially in Fall and Winter.
4	Cold harsh winters in Madison, What better way to celebrate it with some shabu shabu (hot pot) ! This place has decent Asian food , and I am not even a picky eater. I haven't tried anything else but I enjoyed my hotpot. My friend and I ordered Chicken and Beef along with some fish balls. The broth was nice . AHHH it really does relax my tummy.
5	Hot pot in Madison is such a genius idea. It gets deathly cold in the winter, and what better way to warm up than with a giant bowl of boiling broth where you can cook various meats and veggies at the table? Growing up, hot pot was one of my favorite family traditions, and I'm glad I can recreate it at Soga. The restaurant has a lot of tables and is good for groups. When ordering a hot pot, you can either get a set (comes with the burner and pot of broth, a plate of veggies, your choice of meat(s), and several dipping sauces), or you can order things a la carte. The set is from $17-20 and feeds 2-3 people. It's really fun to throw all these pre-sliced meats and veggies in the broth and scoop them out. The only off-putting thing about the whole experience was the hot tea they served us. It was in mugs and lukewarm.
1	It is with a heavy heart that I must admit my disappointment with this restaurant. While on my way back from Eau Claire I had a craving for some Asian fusion, specifically soup. I looked up on Yelp and this place had some great reviews. It was relatively easy to find, and at 2:00 in the afternoon we were one of three tables, expecting great service. All the reviews boasted the hot pots were fabulous, so we were excited to see those on the other tables. The menu was a little difficult to read, most things weren't in English, or were ingredients I had never heard of (thank you Wikipedia). I ordered a Special Clay Pot, indicating that I was allergic to mushrooms, so to please leave that out - which left bamboo shoots and some green onion in the broth. When it came, she explained to me in broken english that even though it looked and tasted like mushrooms, she insisted it was fine. Well once I spooned through the broth it was COMPLETELY mushrooms...that's it. Obviously I couldn't eat it... she was snotty and took it back finally. I ordered a tofu hot pot (shabu shabu). She didn't explain anything about how it worked to me...just dropped off the pot of broth and a plate with three different kinds of lettuce/cabbage, some noodles, I think it was jicama? And so many things I had no idea what they were! I just kind of threw it in and let it cook. She gave us bowls so we spooned the soup into them. The broth tasted like fishy water, not good at all. The ingredients all turned to a sort of mush. It was disgusting. Once we had given it a valiant effort, we gave up. About this time, every single employee in the restaurant sat down at a table in the dining room and served up a HUGE feast for themselves. James kept signaling for a check, she'd look right at him and ignore him. She even got up three times to refill her food. We watched them eat almost 20 minutes. Finally James got up and went over there. They were shocked. They dropped off the check and never came back. He went up to the front to pay and they told us to go back to our table and wait!We finally were able to pay (which we shouldn't have had to) and leave.I am giving a one star rating for the service, which was reprehensible. Our waters had no ice, the sauces had a film over the top and crusty spoons/dishes with them. The food was unsavory and the menu was confusing. I will give their sushi two and half stars. We had the crazy dragon roll, and despite not having quite enough cream cheese in our opinion, it was very good. I am giving Soga the benefit of the doubt according to the rest of the reviews....maybe we caught them on a bad day. A horrible terrible no good very bad day.
2	I want to like Soga. I love shabu shabu, and this is the only place (I know of) to get authentic shabu shabu in Madison. Their broth is delicious; delicate and reminiscent of the sea, it takes on the flavors of the ingredients you choose to dip.Unfortunately, the service is tepid, at best. I've been here twice; the first time, we had to wait up by the bar for 5 minutes before anyone would come out and let us pay our check. The most recent time, we still had to get up and try to hunt someone down to pay. You'd think they wouldn't make it so hard to pay....The last time we went, we ordered Mai Tais. For $6 on the menu, we were impressed with both their balance and their strength. When the bill arrived, we were surprised to see we had been charged $7 apiece. We asked the waitress about the price discrepancy; she apologized, and said their bartender was out for the evening, so they needed to go across the street to Osaka House to source the drinks. While we gladly would have approved had she notified us of this before we ordered, we were not happy to be charged more than we agreed. Plus, no effort was made to correct the error (just "sorry, I should have told you - but that's what it costs"). It wasn't the price that irked us; it was the fact that they didn't disclose what we would actually pay.Both times we've eaten there, the employees have been on their phones, sitting in the dining room - ignoring customers. This last time, they were eating staff meal an hour before they closed - again, in the dining room. I've been disappointed in customer service and problem resolution. I think 2 strikes is it for this place....
3	Too many gatherings and birthday parties have been held here by me and my friends. We just love hanging out at this place so much. One of the biggest factors may be due to the location. Located on State Street, this place has shabu-shabu. As a regular myself, I can say that they have quite selection of meats and veggies, but the soup is not consistently good. The service is the same thing: inconsistent. We just hope that we would have a nice waitress so we could have a nice moment. Other time, the waiter/tress could be so rude and forgot to fill in our glass. However, there are some nice waitresses that can do their work well. The lady owner seemed to be overly friendly to a specific race. But one time, my girlfriends and I witnessed a scene when we were having our shabu-shabu. The lady owner was yelling to a bunch of students in her native language. It was quite intense and lasted for almost 15 minutes. One of my girlfriend who speaks the language translated to us. And it was due to some misunderstanding. Too bad, it should not have caused some bad and intense scene that could ruin the atmosphere. Since then, I haven't been back. But I know, I will as some of my friends are really crazy about this place and this is a strategic meeting point!
4	So... it's supposed to be a Japanese restaurant but when I went here it was Chinese people and the recommended/served Chinese food. Fine with me.Steamed chicken smothered in chili oil might be a little gristly, but apparently very Chinese. Also had some delicious combination lo mein. Service was fine, fast & friendly. Watched a Vin Diesel movie on the tube and ate my spicy food like a boss.
4	This was a super great surprise. We heard rumors that there was an authentic shabu shabu spot in Madison.  The rumors were true. Authentic as  authentic gets. I felt like I was back in China. The place was a dive hole in the wall. The waitress spoke limited English. When she took our drink order my friend ordered of the menu and didn't know what a rum and coke was. I felt like I was in China! It was awesome!We tried the hot broth and the mild. The hot wasn't crazy spicy. It was just right. The fish balls were delicious!
4	Go for the hot pot.  Get the "fatty" pork and the "fatty" beef! Overall the restaurant is marginally nasty from a cleanliness perspective... we've sent back greens because they had dirt on them, sent back glasses because they had lipstick on them... but the hot pot is consistently great.  Note that all the hot pots come with a bunch of greens and other sides... so if you go nuts and get a bunch of extras, realize that you've already got a lot of extras coming (last time we went I tried to get an idea from the waitress what all came on the side, but the language barrier left me clueless after her response-- but otherwise service was friendly and responsive).Also (and this is not clear) - you can get regular broth, spicy broth, or half- and half where where the pot itself has a divider down the middle....They have a huge non hot pot menu but I've never tried anything from it.
3	Great place for large group gatherings. This place is GIGANTIC. you can also make reservations ahead of time! Sadly, the service is rather lacking and the quality of hotpot is only so-so. If you speak mandarin, they tend to be more responsive. Still, for hotpot where the customers cook their own food, the service is UNBELIEVABLY slow. had to wait maybe 20 minutes for anyone to come, had to grab my own menus, and then another 30 mins for uncooked ingredients.. The servers look like young Asian undergraduates who are not very experienced, so they don't really know who is serving which table, forget your order, combine your meat orders so you can't tell how many portions there are... yah, I'm obviously not a very happy camper. Also, usually it should be about $12 per person but somehow my bill went up to $21... and I don't even know if I got all my orders.. But since it was Chinese New Year, I didn't make a fuss.Overall, the ingredients were so-so, but at least you don't get tummy aches after. And you get a variety of spicy chilli and peanut sauce to dip your hotpot cooked food in. Also, I like the udon noodles better than glass noodles, much more substantial meal. And, one of the HUGE fishballs are teochew fishballs, which come stuffed with minced meat (my favorite!!). Oh, before I forget, they actually had hand made steamed pork dumplings, VERY GOOD. although they look like plain soggy things, they were very well marinated and didn't even need vinegar or soy sauce to pair with!They also have stir fry, which looked pretty good cos you can constantly see real fire in the kitchen POOFING away. so I might give that a try, sometime, maybe.If you wanna visit, don't come hungry, and be patient!
4	Recently ordered delivery from Soga through Grub Hub and I was very pleased! Grub Hub emails and texts you delivery time and lets you know when your food is out for delivery, which is nice. Reasonably priced. The food arrived in nice, tightly-closed containers and was still piping hot. I tried the eggplant with garlic sauce, which was very flavorful and delicious, although a little oily. My friend ordered the shrimp fried rice and enjoyed it. Overall, I'd order from them again. I wish they offered small versions of their soup (all soup was meal-sized).
2	Service has become slow and poor. Food still ok. We had to ask for water 5 times by walking up to waitress. Took a long time for bill. They need more service help now.
5	No idea what the shabu shabu is like here, come for the Chinese though.  In particular order the big plate chicken, it's a chicken/noodle/potato dish that is exquisite.  Also a lamb spicy soup and a beef dish also in a spicy sauce.  I can't recall the names, but you want to order from the special handwritten menu.  Trust me, this is the best Chinese in Madison.
4	I went for hot pot here on a Friday night around 9:30 pm. Overall it was good, and I definitely want to go back. The place was a bit empty, but it did seem like we missed the dinner crowd.We got the spicy broth and it was perfect. The chicken was a bit dry, but that's probably because we failed and over cooked it. They also had these pork dumpling things that were amazing. Overall the place seemed pretty authentic, and the food was good. I am giving it four stars though because the ambiance just doesn't feel great when you are the only one eating in a restaurant for about half your meal, even if it's a bit late.
4	I stopped in here on a whim for lunch with a friend. I just ordered the chicken fried rice, so nothing too difficult, but it was delicious. The portions were also huge, and I got a good 2-3 meals out of one order. We also received an unexpected free plate of watermelon for dessert, which I thought was a nice touch! The place was pretty empty, and, while clean, the decor is a bit dated. Overall, it was a pleasing experience, and both my friend and I decided we would visit again.
5	Shabu takes it to the next level by serving up its many Chinese, Japanese and Korean delicacies in a rustic and authentic, East meets West spacious interior, - where the food is the main attraction. The servers were cheery and prompt as they helped us navigate the expansive menu and choose the right dinner items. The food came within a very short time and was beautifully presented, fresh and spicy, and absolutely filling.
5	I was visiting for business and came across Shabu.  I came in for lunch and got the Sesame chicken! Was EXCELLENT! Portions are large so you will leave full and they had their homemade pumpkin cake which is just like a warm, sweet, pumpkin tasting hashbrown, it was excellent!! The owner is one of the sweetest ladies you will ever meet.  They have karaoke and a bar on the weekends.  If you're a local, student or just visiting, I highly recommend coming in!
4	Good food and a nice service staff. Lots of variety. Maybe a bit overpriced in comparison to other Asian restaurants in the area, but few offer shabu shabu. The environment isn't incredible, but one of the nicer places to rest on State Street. However, be wary; sometimes the manager's kids will be in and crying.
