5	Right in parent's backyard, the perfect rescue for the holiday suburban blahs.  Very nice, new facility with mutiple intersection spaces and loops, a really fun design.  Big rock climbing structure in the middle of the elevated jogging tracks, which also encircles a basketball court and shoots off to the weights and other courts.   Great community resource, 5$/day for guests.  Strangest thing: sauna rooms are practically sitting in the middle of the gym all exposed, rather then discourage wouldn't this encourage the exhibitionists?  You just can't win with steam rooms!
4	The city of Gilbert got it right with this facility. It has it all (well, except for a pool) - an indoor rock climbing facility, basketball court with a perpetual game going on, indoor raquetball, aerobics rooms (with a killer Zumba class!), all the same machines and free weights the big guys have (but less of them), a kids room and even an elevated (2nd floor) indoor running track - perfect for escaping the midsummer Phoenix heat! The locker room facilities are far from deluxe, but they do the trick. All this, for a very modest price. I paid the resident day rate of $2.50 plus $2 for my zumba class. Admission for kids under 18 is $2. You can also get a monthly, 6-month or annual pass and with the annual, classes are free. They are first-come, first-served, so be sure to get there early to sign in as they do fill up.A great place for the whole family to stay fit!
5	I wanted to post an update as I've been going to this facility for several weeks now (my original review was after only a couple of visits).I've been mostly going there to attend Zumba class, which I love. The instructor Myuly is fabulous. I generally hate aerobics but the Latin dance moves thrown in with Zumba makes it interesting and fun. At first I felt a little silly, shaking my money maker and all, but when there are 30 other women there (of varying ability levels and body types) doing the same, you just feel comfortable.
4	Only thing missing is a pool. Also the track iirc is 1/8th miles, so it takes a LOT of laps to get any real jogging in. Other than that this place is great.
5	Now that it's been several months that I've been back, I feel I can give a review. I had stopped going for several years, and went to a couple of different gyms. What's funny if they were only willing to work with me, I'd still be giving my money to them. Now that I've been back at Freestone for a time, they could offer me half of what I'm paying here and I'd turn them down. Here's a list why:1) Giving my money to the Town, not to a private business.2) Updated, clean equipment. Not as big as major gyms, but this does not bother me.3) Running track! Yes, it's 1/12 of a mile, but it's a indoor track so you don't have to be on the treadmill all the time.4) Rock wall. Since my kids are too old for the child care now, they can do other things while I run and workout. Or they can run with me! There is also basketball, table tennis, racquetball, pool... unfortunately not a swim pool. That's not enough for me to take a star away.5) Friendly atmosphere. The staff don't have a holier than thou attitude like other gyms. They will talk to you like you've known them for years. 6) They have recycling bins set up all over the place. People exercising use a lot of plastic bottles, ya know. 7) Payment options. You can pay for one day. Or a month, or 6, or even a year. YOU get to make the choice, there are no sales pitches.I don't take classes, so I am not sure what their offerings are in that category. Overall, it's just a very comfortable place, with no pressure. You can go alone or make it a family day too. If you live in Gilbert, I highly HIGHLY recommend you take advantage of Freestone. You get your money's worth two-fold.
5	I've been going to Freestone for about 6 months now and I like it better than any gym I have ever belonged to. The staff is friendly and the facilities are great!  They have a rockwall and I have seen kids as well as adults on it. Although....I would never do it!  The fitness classes they offer are great too and the times work with my schedule.
3	Having been a personal trainer at a local gym you could say I am a bit of a snob, but Freestone surprised me. I recently moved and Freestone is the closest gym to my house now so I decided to go take a look at it. I love it because it is not busy and it has a good amount of free weights, which I prefer over machines. I wish they had a stair climber but if I really feel the need to work out on stairs I am sure I can find some real ones to climb. Freestone has exactly what I need to maintain my workout routine and I can even ride my bike there!
5	Just moved recently and this place catered to my needs. I have 2 kids and they have a daycare center that would watch my kids while I worked out. I opted for the 6 month  membership and I thought the price was very reasonable. With that membership, the daycare center was free for up to 2 kids for up to 2 hours. The facility is managed really well (staff are helpful and friendly, bathrooms are spotless). The center has different  areas of interest (racketball, basketball, classes, mini  track, rock climbing). I have enrolled my kids to various classes that takes place in here as well. The instructors for various classes are really good and helpful. I would definitely recommend this place, especially if you have little ones. It is an ideal place to work out:)
