4	Their beef noodle soup is authentic and super tasty! Ask the waitor for recommendations to avoid the generic american chinese dishes. They also serve boba drinks! I recommend the passion fruit/green tea boba drink to people who have never had a boba drink. Minus one star for the decor. This place just opened, but they can spice it up a little more. A TV would be great!
3	Hit and miss place that serves Taiwanese food and Japanese ramen, some of their dishes are okay, some are not so good.  Oddly I find their ramens much better than the Taiwanese food so far.  It's really hit and miss cause they can screw up some basic dishes like pork chop rice with their tiny and underfried pork chop.  Not super impressed but they sure make better food than Taiwan express at the Mekong complex.
4	From the Taiwanese owners of Eba Cafe that was uber popular for their drinks, they are back.  4 stars for the drinks alone, the variety is huge!I never ate in their previous location, so I'm working thru the menu...avoiding the generic American-Chinese offerings, we've tried the Jap ramen (eh), beef noodle soup (overall combo of flavors are good but the broth itself is very oily), broiled squid (good)...  The owner and tiny tiny waitress are very friendly!Definitely we'll be back for drinks over and over again.
2	I have a backlog of 20 something reviews, but I had to write this review immediately. Why? Because I wasn't allowed to have lunch unless I was eating for four. You're probably asking yourself if I'm serious or if there was something special going on. I assure you I am completely serious and I didn't see anything special.Everytime I go to my Krav Maga classes or Swadee, I stare at iKitchen and wonder what it is. One time I had an in depth conversation with a friend over what the name implies. Is it serve yourself? Did they just think if they stick an i on it, people will come? Do they sell self-serving stoves and kitchen appliances?Today it was enough to make me wander in. I saw some pretty good yelp reviews and my curiosity couldn't stand it any longer. The menu looked pretty delicious. After looking over the various noodle, rice and ramen dishes along with the incredibly tempting flavors of smoothies (cookies and cream, green tea... mango mmm), I decided to try a bowl, which serves one and comes with rice and a salad and an appetizer just to have an assortment.As soon as I said orange chicken bowl, I was shot down. Apparently bowls (which are the items that serve one person) are only served during lunch hours on weekdays. Dishes are served all the time and serve 4 people. I told her I wasn't hungry for a dish and didn't have 3 other people. I would've paid a slightly higher price for a bowl, but instead they let me walk out hungry. The smoothie was still tempting, but I was not about to give them my service. I'll hit up my local fro-yo place instead... and order Chinese take-out elsewhere.Unless it's that time of the month for you ladies, you haven't eaten in four days, or you have a large party of people that like the same thing... or it's a weekday lunch, I'd head elsewhere.
4	I have been trying to find other Taiwanese restaurants, and finally saw this place in an Asian Newspaper.  The menu has a good selection of ramen noodle soups, mini authentic Taiwanese dishes, and of Boba drinks.  I had ordered the Nanchatte Ramen , Almond Milk Tea & Green Milk Tea, and beef Wrap W/green Onion Pancake. The ramen was just ok;it is better than Ramen Noodle House.  The beef wrap w/green onion pancake was small for the price.  I had better beef wraps.  The best was the Boba teas.  It wasn't overly sweet, it was PERFECT!   The service was excellent.
4	Went there for lunch. Only tried their ramen. Disappointed that they don't have tonkatsu ramen. but what I got was really good! I'd say way better than the Ramen Republic. Better broth, better stuff in it, and it's not extra for all the stuff in there. I'll go back!
3	It's not easy to find a chinese place in Chandler.  When I decided to give iKitchen a try, I did not have my hopes up.  I have to say it wasn't bad.  I had the beef noodle soup and boba milk tea.  The milk tea was good - not overly sweet.  The bobas were chewy and not mushy.  The noodle soup was tasty, although not what I expected.  The beef stew they use is more like what is usually served with rice.  Either way, I enjoyed it.  And it was reassuring to see that the waitress and cook (whom I assume to be the owners) were both chinese.  The restaurant is a low key, taiwanese deli-like restaurant in a strip mall (like everything else in Chandler).  This is not the same chinese food as LA, but I will go back or get take out when I have a hankering for Chinese.
3	I've been wanting to write my review for iKitchen after I try out Republic Ramen + Noodles so here I am finally!While yes, I know they both specialize in different things, I will like to say something in comparison between the two!  After a two hour flight from Colorado and dealing with a snowy Spring there, I wanted to get the heck off the plane and slurp up something warm and filling.  My thoughts were to try out this place finally!Anyways, I had gotten the miso ramen here and I felt a bit lost.  The flavor wasn't bad but it lacked that, "Wow, that was awesome" feeling.  I myself am Chinese and have plentiful Taiwanese friends and was a big fan of their previous establishment, Eba, when I went to ASU.  So knowing all this and my history with the kick ass Eba, I was disappointed.When I went to Republic Ramen + Noodles, they supplied everything iKitchen lacked.  Everything at Republic Ramen + Noddle was healthier and more fresh.  In the end, iKitchen really isn't a bad place but I would rather go to Republic Ramen!
3	Pretty good but still not quite what I was hoping for. My family is Taiwanese and I miss my mom and grandma's cooking. So I've been trying to find a place that has Taiwanese style dishes to satisfy my cravings. I just haven't been able to find a place in Arizona that gets the Beef Noodle Soup just right. I tried the beef noodle soup here, it was ok, so far the closest to what I'm used to but still not quite there. I was also hoping for some yummy scallion pancakes but they didn't have them just by themselves, instead you can get beef wrapped in green onion pancake. What if I just want the green onion/scallion pancakes? Anyways, it was ok, just not super memorable.  Our server was really sweet and attentive. I will probably go back to try some of their other dishes and the ramen. Still looking for a great ramen place out here too.
4	You can mix and match the different styles of Ramen available here. I like to get the Shoyu Pork with the Shin Shin broth. The Ramen here is better than Republic of Ramen, but the Boba is not. It's a very friendly atmosphere and there is a huge selection of things to order. Much of the menu isn't in English but don't be afraid to ask what different things are. Both times I've been here the server has brought over pictures of different dishes to explain what they were.
5	I give it 5 out of 5 just because its a oriental/chinese restruant and the cooks are chinese!!!! YES!!! lol not like panda express.Anyways Got the Miso Ramen and I ordered taro boba for desert. Miso ramen was what I ordered. Wish there was more veggies kind of like when you get Pho. Noodles were good thought, broth needs a little more flavor but I can somewhat understand why most places go on the bland side. Helps people who like the low sodium stuffs thats why there's soy sauce and salt.Comparing Miso Ramen from here and Republic Ramen: Noodles and broth are similar maybe more flavor at Repuplic. And more veggies and meat size at republic. + For Ikitchen for fish cake and eggs where repulic didn't have.
4	I'm bouncing around the menu... it's still all about the drinks, but I do like the beef wrap green onion pancake.Sounds like they are going to start serving Chinese breakfast items on the weekends only (11-2), can't wait to see what it's all about.  I'm hoping for hot soy bean milk w/ butterfly sticks...
5	Let me start by saying that I am not of Chinese descent. I can't say much about the authenticity or how this food compares with stuff actually in Asia. I am also not from LA, which if you look around Phoenix Yelp, seems to be the epicenter of all food creation forever and ever amen. Just saying. I happen to think Phoenix food in general is pretty darn swell and in my white girl opinion, I also happen to think that iKitchen's food is wonderfully delicious. Rundown: - Food seems really cheap for what you get. Have gone twice and each time the food we've gotten has been enough for two meals. Two meals and a good side of potstickers was $19. - Potstickers were lovely. Black bean dry noodle is personal favorite and delicious. Got their Taiwanese chicken and "special" vegetable soup and it was really good (I just looked on their online menu, I don't remember what this soup was called, whatever it was, it felt delicious and hearty and healthy feeling). Boba tea here was one of the first I really liked and boyfriend loved it.  - Server here is wonderful and always recommends dishes for us to try. Very helpful and sweet. And, um, what's the fuss about decor? It's a cheap restaurant. It's clean, well-lit, and that's enough for me.
1	Forget abt the earlier post abt their acceptable ramen.  Went there just a few days ago and its ramen is on par with republic ramen, equally bad.Pls go to sushi Ken, that is really the only good place for good ramen.  order their spicy miso ramen there.The ramen here is 3 thin pieces of pork and noodles and some "western" vegetables like cabbage and brocoli.  yes, its that bad.  if i wanted this kind of stuff, those packet ramen noodles would be better.
3	I'm not impressed by the food at iKitchen but when it comes to their boba milk teas and slushes they're top notch. I went here because I heard they were the original owners of Eba cafe which had these awesome milk tea drinks, and back then that was what they were known for but this time apart from the drinks their menu now has an extensive selection of Taiwanese/Chinese foods. Anywho, I went here expecting it to be comparable to my Taiwanese fave, Taiwanese Express at Mekong Plaza. So, I ordered their beef roll to compare, a curry chicken noodle soup and a Taro milk slush with boba. The beef roll was not that good, I'm not sure what kind of pastry crust they used but it wasn't crispy, or even tasty, it felt waxy and really bland. My curry chicken noodle soup was meh, but if I were to judge iKitchen on drinks alone, their  milk teas are shining stars. The taro milk tea was DELICIOUS, had AWESOME flavor and great consistency. My mom got the Mango boba and that was REALLY good too! So, if you ever stop at this place, get yourself a milk tea and pass on the food.
4	A nice but cheap asian food place - they combine dishes from japanese, chinese and other asian cuisine. Have eaten there 4 times now and can say that it's reasonably good for a cheap price. Though I am limited when eating there due to a gluten intolerance - the chef and server have been very kind to help me find dishes that work for me and have been willing to modify dishes when necessary to help me out.
4	BOBA TEA! That's all I visit this place for. I can't get enough of the milk teas & smoothies with boba!
5	Great taste, wide range of choice at very affordable prices. Special recommendation -- the cold noddle. Wow! it's the breez for the summer in the Sun Valley. Both my son and daughter love it. My wife and I like its set lunch, so many different choices and we just came and every time we ended up getting something great. So, just come and try it out yourselves. ;-)
3	Order the Chicken Mushroom with fried rice. It is just a very normal dish, but I think it is a bit salty to my liking. As usual, I cannot finish it. Anyhow, will go back and try other dishes.The service is OK. Maybe it is crowded, we need to ask for the menu instead. The waitress keeps coming and telling us the food will be served shortly. This is a good move, rather than letting us wait.
3	02/21/11Came here after reading Linda W.'s delightful review.  Had the green tea, gyoza (potstickers), beef and pork egg noodle combo, and a strawberry boba shake.  The gyoza app was good, though the six pieces were too small to share, BUT they were definitely MUCH better than those I'd found at China Magic Noodle House!  The noodle dish was good... preferred the BBQ pork over the beef pieces, but the leftovers weren't as good-- I threw them out after the first bite.  The homemade boba shake was a very nice surprise... creamy and a bit too sweet for me, so I stopped after about a third of it.  Many of the boba (tapioca rounds) were too big to pass through the straw, and that straw was HUGE, as straws go, and that was another reason for me to quit trying.  What I didn't like was finding a bit of plastic in my mouth after taking a big slurp-- the shake was made on site, then mechanically topped w/ a plastic wrap cover that had to be broken w/ a straw in order to drink out of the cup- blech!  Having written all that, I'd order another shake in the future, and I'll be sure to share it w/ a friend, or two!
