5	Popped in for the first time tonight and loved it!  The comfortable atmosphere reminded me of my many visits to the beach, which is one of my favorite places!  We were greeted with a warm welcome and our waitress was very attentive, but not too much you know?  I had the pear salad ($8) ... grilled pear, baby field greens, bleu cheese, candied nuts, cranberry and vinaigrette and added a crab cake ($8).  For the price, the crab cake could have been bigger, but then sometimes you pay a little more for the experience.  It was relaxing and enjoyable.  I'll make an effort to go back very soon.
5	Having dined here three times, once before they changed their menu and twice after their "downsizing" and "de-southern-afying", I have to say that every experience was wonderful.This restaurant is adjacent to the Cinemark Theatres at Settler's Ridge and is a prime location for pre and post movie goers. I wish this place would change their sign and their exterior to be brighter. The restaurant never looks open. The first time we went there my girlfriend had to drag me in, just based on looks, I did not get a good vibe from the place. Adages and cliches aside, I should have never judged this book by its cover. The food was exceptional and the service was outstanding. We did not know this place was BYOB and quickly learned that we could bring a bottle of wine and enjoy it with dinner without a corkage fee.The waiter gave us a low down of the menu and told us they were re-working their menu to focus more on fresh, healthy fare and were truncated the items that had a southern flare. That was ok, I really didn't need to be eating friend chicken at a restaurant called pure and simple, it just seemed to go against the flow. That first night we sampled their soups, salads and sandwiches. All were exceptionally crafted. The pear salad was fresh and the dressing was top notch. The chicken sandwich (which was later taken off the menu) tasted homemade. They truly exemplified the name pure and simple. The ambiance is interesting (kind of a mix between your grandmother's house, a restaurant in New Orleans and an IKEA) and they always have The Bridge channel on XM playing. Truly a sight to be seen.We have since returned only to find that this place keeps getting better. They have kept most of their salads (try the pear or the beet) and have cut their menu in half. The last time we dined there I had the baked chicken with risotto. The chicken was perfectly cooked, juicy and perfectly seasoned. The risotti that accompanied it had more of a vegetable stock flavor and was cooked well. I have yet to try the shrimp and grits as I hear it is absolutely amazing. They have sold out each time! I need to stop going to late movies and trying to eat after.I hope this place stays in business and more people find this hidden gem in a parking of big box chains. If you go see a movie at Robinson give yourself some extra time either before or after the movie. Pure and Simple will satisfy your palate and whatever mood you are in. If you feel like this place looks closed, give it a closer look, you may be surprised.
1	My friend and I went here for the first time and I have to say I was disappointed .. The owner seems like a lovely woman but the food was not good at all and extremely overpriced for the quality .. Because it was our first time we ordered 3 appetizers to try .. The fried green tomatoes were drowning in a sickly sweet relish but were ok , the crab dip came with a home made potatoe chip way to flimsy to eat the dip with but overall the dip was ok , the sweet potatoe wedges were also just ok .. Nothing was salted it was just ok .. Not pleasurable to eat .. The entrees were the eggplant and portabella Napoleon and the shrimp and grits .. The eggplant was so bitter it was inedible and my shrimp was very strong tasting and the tomato coulees tasted like paste paste out of a can .. Again not a grain of salt or pepper .. The appetizers were better than the main dishes which were awful to the tune of 70 dollars plus a 10 dollar tip .. My advice go to red robin ..
