4	This place has newly opened on Broughton street and is the sister restaurant of The Port of Siam in Newhaven. For those familiar with original place, you'll know the food is top notch quality and yummy! They've also opened up an adjoining bar called The Bangkok bar which serves Thai street food. V handy if you're down that end of town for drinks and fancy a tasty small bite alternative. Sometimes Thai food just hits the boozing spot like nothing else!! I've not tried the cocktails but I'm assured by a friend they're worth a trip. I tried the main restaurant on Saturday night as part of a big group celebrating a friends birthday. They were more than happy to accommodate large groups, balloons and birthday cake. Nothing was an issue at all. Wine wasn't overpriced.Instead of my normal go-to Thai options I mixed it up a bit with a starter of Marinated quail and a main of Osso Bucco Massaman. The quail was delish! Crispy, salty, tasty. I would have sucked the bones dry if I wasn't trying to be a lady in front of the group! Ha ha. A really nice alternative to chicken. I'm not sure i was entirely sold on the main though which is probably my aversion to hunks of meat and bone, not a reflection of the quality of the dish. The meat was slow cooked and tender, but I was put off a bit with the sliced bit of bone marrow in the centre. I guess I'm not an Osso Bucco kinda gal really. Its definitely in a "man food" category. The sauce was amaaaaazing though! I had a few spoons waved my way for a taste.This place is well worth a visit!!!
5	My lovely boyfriend to me to dinner here in December for my birthday and it was amazing! For years I had been meaning to go to Port of Siam in Newhaven but just never got around to it. So now there is one on Broughton Road that is much more convenient.The food is just divine. The portions are pretty big and worth every penny. It is all beautifully presented and full of flavour authentic Thai food. I tried their seafood dumpling green curry and it was huge but so tasty.The attached Bangkok Bar is also lovely. They have a delicious cocktail menu and are always keen to make bespoke cocktails depending on what you like.I can't wait to go back!
