3	they deliver.  it snowed about 5 inches today.  i'm too busy to go anywhere for lunch most of the time.  you can only eat jimmy johns so many times per week.  need i say more?
4	I normally wouldn't bother reviewing a chain restaurant, but Potbelly's is actually one of the few chain restaurants where I really enjoy eating and keep going back. They serves mainly sandwiches, which are pretty similar to what you would at Quizno's, albeit quite tastier and also quite cheaper ($4 at this location for a sandwich). The sandwiches come on delicious bread and are toasted: just great! They also have salads and soups, and a good selection of fountain drinks... (IBC root beer, yay!). And to boot, the place itself is nice enough that I don't mind hanging out there for a while. Really too bad we don't have Potbelly's on the East coast.
4	My favorite roast beef sandwich of all time... mmm, I wish there were Potbelly's in California!!!  Toasted just the right way and has soo many great toppings, in particular the hot peppers and their mustard set them apart from other places.  Used to be one of the only places I could find Orangina in Illinois, so a plus for that too!
5	I think Potbelly is delicious. I'm not big on hot food usually, it's just a thing I have, but I LOVE their sandwiches and soups. Their prices are very fair and service is always very good. I've gone here the most because I live here, but I've also stopped by one in Chicago, and had the same opinion at that location. As a chain in general they do well across the board.
4	I don't even care if Potbelly is a chain.  I'm still going to review it.The perfect sandwich: The Vegetarian, on wheat, with everything except oil.  Toasted.  Seriously, people: What's not to love about mushrooms, melted cheese, and hot peppers on a sandwich whose bread is toasted?
4	This Potbelly's in Champaign is a great place to go get a decent, quick meal because Potbelly's known for their good sandwiches among other things. This place also serves the most random, but a great variety of drinks to choose from. My friend gets the Stewart grape soda and says it's great. This place has good customer services and their milkshakes are omg orgasmic lol get the Oreo shake. Woohoo Potbelly's!
5	The absolute best Italian sandwich I've ever had anywhere, especially when on wheat bread. Seriously, order the Italian, it's so good I rarely try anything else!And it's dirt cheap, $4 a "normal" sub.
5	A step above both Quizno's and Subway, Potbelly Sandwich Works provided me a very delicious Grilled Chicken and Cheddar Sandwich for lunch recently!  I ordered it on a regular bread (which was plenty!) and chose to have everything added (e.g., lettuce, tomatoes, etc.). No dressing though! Paired it with a glass of water, and it turned out to be an excellent lunch! Next time, I look forward to trying a sandwich on the Skinny bread, which apparently has a  fewer amount of calories compared to the Regular Bread.
3	Very good, live music too. Wish this place existed when I was in grad school... Welcomed addition.
5	Potbelly is awesome! I didn't go there until junior year since it's a bit far as compared to JJ's or subway. But it's similarly priced, portions are plenty but most importantly it tastes better! The ambience is much better too giving it a much more welcoming feel (sometimes they have live musicians)
5	The price is about the same as Quizinos. The sandwich was great! They have a live musician so it is kind of loud. It was a good experience.
3	As good as any Potbelly's locations....needs more seating.
4	Subway's too cliche (look at me, sounding like a hipster :/) and I'm protesting Jimmy John's because of the owner's rather egregious practices against animals and (allegedly) women (again, hipster)-- and who the heck thinks it's okay to charge 3.25 for a piece of bread and provo cheese, WTF? So hooray for Potbelly's! The sandwiches are delicious similar to Quiznos and Subway. The sandwich artists are pretty rad and know how to toss their sandwiches right! The chips are gross, though. Very bland and dry, blechh! Overall, a great change of pace to the other shops that are around town.
5	The best sandwich on campus.
3	I needed one more Potbelly's fix before I moved back down south. Thanks to Yelp it wasn't a long hop off the highway before I ended up here. I ordered the Sicilian and it was still tasty and delicious. I don't know how long this Potbelly's has been opened but it was a little disorganized than I'm used to for a Potbelly's. There were three staff members crowded around something, at first, I thought they were just bsing but it looked like they had trouble with something before I got someone's attention.
5	Big tuna on wheat. That is all you need to know. Love it!
4	So this place is somewhat similar to Quiznos in a sense that you order a sub and then it gets toasted. The main difference between Quiznos and here is that you actually get to choose what extra toppings you want on it. The toppings include: mayo, honey mustard, hot peppers, lettuce, onion, tomato, pickle, oil, and Italian seasoning. I wish it said how big these subs are... I'm thinking they're either 7" or 8." There's originals, bigs (30% more meat), and skinnys (thin cut breads) type of subs. I got an original A Wreck (salami, roast beef, turkey, ham, and swiss cheese) on multigrain bread. It cost $5 and it was pretty good! I also think it's interesting that they have some random guy playing a guitar and singing as their background music.
5	Is it a chain? Yes. Are there better options on Green Street? Maybe, but Potbelly is quick, delicious and cheap. I always get the regular roast beef on wheat, and the sandwich is big (probably about 8 inches) and filling. Plus, it's only $5 (I think $5.03 now) but it's hard to beat for the price. The place tends to get crowded around lunch (the lines can be Chipolte long occasionally) so I normally go in at either 11 when they open or 1:30 after the lunch rush. And the sandwiches are so good I plan my lunch schedule around those times.
5	I love this place! The sandwiches are great, some of the best on Green St. and the service is pretty fast, too.
4	Potbelly Sandwiches might be the best sandwich on/near campus, even though it's a chain. (Silver Mine comes a close second on my list)The staff is always friendly and your orders are prepared in a speedy manner. They often speed up the process by having you pay while your sandwich is going through the oven. The extra speed is appreciated.When it comes to soda their machine distributes both Pepsi and Coke, something I don't recall seeing in too many places.Their chocolate chip cookies are too die for.
2	Sandwich was great and the staff was okay -- typical Potbelly overly casual approach -- I'm not a Potbelly regular and I feel like that annoys them in a way because I'm not on point when ordering. Place was dirty and not just from their dinner rush.  I'm surprised that Potbelly's doesn't have a better hold on the cleanliness honestly as the last Potbelly I was in (Bloomington, IL) had the same story -- good food, blah staff, dirty restaurant.
4	Great sandwich place. Bread tastes freshly baked. During regular semester time, the place is always full and there's always a line but you don't have to stand in line for more than 5 minutes (!). The service is super-fast. My favorite is grilled chicken with cheddar.
