5	First of all, this is his most current location (as of 2010).... there is another listing for his business on Sahara Ave. but he's since moved to this location on Russell.I have been using Mr. van Reken's ("Randy") services for 2 tax seasons now and I have never had an easier, worry-free tax experience in my life. He's so pleasant, easy to talk to, very accomodating, and just incredibly professional overall. I just bought my house AFTER the tax season had passed, and he very willingly adjusted my taxes so I could get my new home buyer tax credit faster. I really feel that he gets all the nooks and crannies of your life so that he can get you as much refund as you are possibly due. As a single person with no kids (with the mortgage as a VERY recent small tax shelter) this helps greatly. He has a beautiful office, an attentive receptionist who calls you 24 hours before to confirm your appointment, and he's willing to see clients even as early as 0830 in the morning. When he finishes your taxes, he hands you all the paperwork in a custom folder and they take all forms of payment (card, cash, etc.). Not to mention his office is RIGHT off the 215 & Russell- very easy to get to and very fast freeway access. I can't recommend him enough.
4	I agree with the previous review...very easy to get to.  I appreciated that Randy took me on time, was professional, friendly and worked on my taxes in 30 minutes!  I plan on coming back next year!  Highly recommend overing trying to fight your way through an HR Block type of tax prep place!
5	Thank you TAX MAN for your services!I was looking for someone to do my taxes and found the TM after searching on YELP :)If I'm still living in LV next year I'll be back to have him do this years taxes for me.He managed to gather all my info for 2010 and 2011 and filed both years for me. I spent no more then 10 mins in his office and came back the next morning to sign off my papers and pay for his services.Highly recommended. Beautiful office, great location and pet friendly! My lil puppy Ebi sat in his office with me :)Great guy- professional and friendly!Very happy yelper here!-Miss Yelp 2012
5	Fast, Friendly & Professional!!!
1	Very Rude and unprofessional! Stay away unless you want to be talked down to. My wife and I just moved to Las Vegas and we own/operate two businesses so finding the right person to do our taxes is important thus we are meeting with several options.  After a rude introduction I was already on alert.  Then after informing him that we were looking at a couple different CPA's (none of the others have had issues with this). He informed that this was not okay and he was either doing them or not.  At this point I simple left, we are looking for some to have a life time relationship not a one night stand.  If you are looking for an HR block turn and burn style of accounting then he might be just fine if not a little over priced. But if are looking for a long term relationship turn else where, lots of better option in town.Fact 1: I was running late (5-10 mins.), new town 30 minute drive away unfamiliar with highways didn't want to call from the road and get a ticket. Upon arriving he felt the need to lecture me on why his time was so important, and I thought I was the one hiring him?Fact 2:  had done my research and had an idea on pricing when i walked in the door.
5	Randy is simply the best.  Fast, brilliant, and truly professional.  He has helped with taxes and financial advice for more than 20 years.  In recent years my taxes and have become more complicated and Randy understands every nuance and outcome.  I could not recommend anyone more highly.  mark hug
5	The Tax Man is GREAT!  He is very professional, efficient, easy to work with and very knowledgeable. My husband and I have always done our own taxes (TurboTax). We just moved to Vegas in 2012 and have a house we are renting out. We did not want to get hosed on taxes so I found "The Tax Man" here on Yelp and saw the good reviews, so gave him a shot. So happy we did. He was very helpful and thorough. Even got us some back taxes on some items we didn't know we could deduct in previous years. :)I can't tell you if his prices are good, because I have nothing to compare it to. He is worth every dime in my book. Well and we get to write off the charges the following year. :) I can say he quoted an amount and it was a lot less in the end, less is good. Almost forgot to mention the complementary coffee/tea and kids play room. Which really came in handy when I had to bring my kids with me.Needless to say we are going back this year. HIGHLY recommend!Thanks Randy!!
