4	I'm not into waterparks as much as I am into amusement parks.  I go to Sandcastle maybe once a year.  But my Chicago friend Catherine came in to visit for the weekend and after a day at the zoo, we donned our swimsuits and came here.  The main part of the park is closed in the evenings, but the Sandbar and the Sandbar Pool and the Hot Tub remain open for the 21 and over set.  The Sandbar has a great menu of food and drinks and has a $6.00 cover charge to get in.  Occasionally there's live entertainment.It's hard to believe that before they built this place, it was the site of an abandoned steel mill.  Actually, it was the railroad yard for the nearby Homestead Works.  But after site-clearing and clean-up, they turned it into a beautiful place to spend a warm day or nice evening.  The view across the Mon is quite beautiful with a wooded hillside on the other side.  There's even a boat dock, so you can arrive by river if you desire.I'm glad I renewed my acquaintance with this place and hopefully, I'll get another chance to come back.
2	The evites are in the mail for the 2 for $99 special! You will have to spend $24 on a parking pass. I signed up last year for this promotion and don't think I got the passes worth. The waterpark is nice and lounging by the pool or floating around the lazy river is perfect for a hot summer day. There are just too many misses in my book though.1st off all Traffic is a biatch! Be ready to sit on browns hill rd for a very long time unless you leave before 9am and wait for the park to open at 10am. Next remember it is a family park so there will be lots of rude and bratty kids all over the place. (I'm not a mean kid hater) my experiences have been bad at the Sandbar pool. If you do arrive early enough you will be standing in the hot sun with a gang of kids that WILL push you out of the way and run to claim 10 chairs with towels even though they won't use them because they run around the park all day. I actually got into an argument last summer with one said kid. I was like "I'm an adult and you need to have some respect." He pushed me and took all the chairs. I only needed one and his mother did not correct him. I was on fire and moved a chair over from the back and he still was giving me crap because I moved the chairs over...THAT NO ONE was even there to sit in at the time. Damn! FOR REAL!Sandbar drinks are expensive and incredibly weak. Plus they are so sugary. If you do get a frozen drink and sit by the pool be prepared for it to be half pool water in a few minutes. An Adult area would change all this. I don't even care that I'm getting splashed all the time I do realize that I'm at a pool but it's hard to relax.If you do get a pass have a friend who can get there the same days you can go. If you're trying to go on the weekend forget it! The weekdays are bad enough. I'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer.
2	It's fun, but not as fun as Kennywood. The boardwalk food is a bit too far from the wave pool and that makes for a lot of shoes on/shoes off events. The lazy river could be much better. I did like the water slides and the Potato Patch fries, as well as the scenic location.
4	How many times do you get to fall at 70mph, wearing only shorts? Sandcastle can make it happen.If you're going, it's best to stop by Giant Eagle and grab you some discount tickets from the customer service desk.  $25 is still a bit much in my opinion, but it's better than spending the full $30.99.There isn't much I can think of that's in Sandcastle that isn't a great time, except maybe walking around and scorching your feet on the boardwalk.  I personally am a huge fan of some of the faster tube slides, and of course the massive speed slide.  If you're looking for a more relaxed ride, check out the Lazy River, or screw around in the big pool.  There's also a pretty nice wave pool there for your amusement.There's also plenty of stuff for kids to do... But I don't have kids, so I don't know how all that is.They do close at 7PM, which is a bit early, so be warned: you definitely want to show up earlier in the day.  BUT it's definitely a good idea to close the park if you can: right toward the end, the lines disappear, and you can ride over and over.  Win!
3	Sandcastle is a mixed bag for the kiddos.  On the one hand, there are plenty of waterslides/pools that are a good fit for young "riders", on the other hand, Sandcastle, like any city amusement park, attracts more than its fair share of highschool kids looking to spend some time away from their parents and assert their personhood.  Unfortunately that element doesn't particularly care about "censoring" speech for 9 year old ears, and worse, in the Mon Tsunami, about personal space, since the wave pool becomes a near mosh pit of jostling and strutting and shoving and 'showing off' for the fairer sex, and that can be a little dicey for the littler kids.Having said that, it's still a good day at the park. . . cheese fries, a cool dip in the pool on a hot day, some fun slides. . . I think in rating Sandcastle fairly you have to understand the context of the park.  It is NOT policed particularly effectively.  if you take small children you have to be a diligent parent and be aware of your surroundings, paying attention to the group of 17 somethings thrashing around in your near vicinity, "accidentally" bumping into people for a reaction from their group.  MOSTLY it's a good time.  Mostly.
4	So the last time I went to a water park was probably when I was in elementary school and didn't really know how to swim (... I still kinda don't. lol). Anyway, it was in California at Raging Rivers and it was a traumatizing experience. Screaming & being tossed around in the pool that pushes periodic waves at the sound of a loud horn and ending up with scraped knees and feet. Not fun.So to say the least, I was a bit nervous coming to this water park afraid to have another episode of feeling I was being drowned. Luckily that did not happen.I seriously had SO MUCH fun here! I honestly was only expecting to go on the Lazy River pool all day but with my bf, we hit up so many rides... tandem AND single rides! I feel like such a big girl now! Definitely lean back while you're on those single donuts on the water rides, or else you feel like you're going to flip over while swishing down the tubes. The new dragon ride they just opened up was okay. I was expecting it to be so much more fun, but literally you just slide down a dark tube into a circular room where you just slowly swirl your way down the middle hole and that was it. There was this one ride where you slide down the tubes for a few seconds, then you land into a pool where a worker pushes you into another tube and this continues about 3 times. It was weird. Kinda awkward with the worker having to grab you and push you through. Although it was still fun. The last dude threw me in backwards! Scared the crap out of me but it was fun :)The food here is surprisingly pretty affordable. Plus, who wants to eat a huge meal while in your swim suit. Me don't want no pot belly. Overall I had such a fun time here. It definitely made me rethink my fear of water parks. By the way, we went on a Saturday in early June and it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be! So the lines weren't long at all. Also, go to Giant Eagle to purchase your discounted tickets. You save a few bucks versus buying them at the water park. Oh and don't forget to bring sandals while walking around. Your feet will literally feel like they're burning from the ground. Now go off and have some fun! :)
3	We're lucky to have a waterpark in the Burgh.  I have to keep telling myself that when I want to complain about this place.  I DO think it's a great place to take the fam or even, in my case, spend a day relaxing... if you can!  Let's do the compliment sandwich.  Positive - negative - positive!  The negative... I feel like Sandcastle is the forgotten redheaded stepchild of Kennywood.  They keep pouring money into K-wood, but Sandcastle stays the same year after year.  Now, granted I haven't been there in YEARS, but everything seemed the same as I left it other than one new slide.  I haven't been there in about 9 years.  One new slide in 9 years?  Hmmmmm....I see major places to improve.  Especially the pool.  I honestly think the slides are great, although you could always add more, they're still fun.  The pool... it's just packed.  So packed that you'd think they'd add a second pool.  Looking around it looks like they have the extra space.  Maybe an adults only pool?  Swimming with 20 zillion kids, plus adults drinking (yes I like that you can bring your bevvie in the pool... but it's kinda weird being around so many kids) and you start to wonder how clean the water is.  I mean, 20 zillion kids you gotta expect a good amount of kiddos are peeing in the pool!  The sidewalks are also scalding hot.  I'd assume since many of the people are walking around barefoot you'd be able to custom order some kind of non sun absorbing surface.  And I"m NOT investing in those dorky water shoes, sorry!  I'm ALWAYS happy to see a Potato Patch stand!  Just as good as K-wood!  They also serve chicken tender, which is nice if you want a little meat to add on.  Nothing more is needed for me!  Although the frozen drinks looked tasty and tempting, it was so hot out I was just downing water by the gallons.  You're also allowed to bring in your own snacks and food, which I think is nice for families who want to save a little mola.  Again, Sandcastle is so awesome to have in the Burgh, it would be nice to see improvements.  It always seems packed in the summer months, so why not keep on improving it?  Or maybe they think don't fix what's not broken.  I just may stick to a cleaner, less pee filled community pool for my water fun fix!
1	Dont waste your time with this place.  Long lines, overpriced and no shade or cooling spots while you wait. Half the "rides" were shut down. You're better off with a garden hose. Save your money or buddy up to someone with a pool.
5	I LOVE Sandcastle. First, let me say that I'm reviewing the waterpark, not the people. The park has little to no control over the people that visit the park and the way they or their children behave. If you are going to visit, I would HIGHLY suggest you try to go on a weekday. I've attempted to visit on nice weekends before when the park has actually been at capacity and they are no longer allowing people in. It gets CROWDED on the weekends, especially if the weather is nice. There aren't a ton of nice days in the summer in Pittsburgh, so when there are nice days, people come out in droves! The slides are a blast, the lines are sometimes very long, but worth it. The lazy river is great when it's not wall to wall people. I really enjoy the new Dragon's Den but the line is CRAZY long for it! They also have a fantastic bar area, we have gone a few times and enjoyed a festive beverage while we enjoy the sun!They have several areas for smaller children, which are all fantastic. If you are visiting, trying to take advantage of the giant eagle discount tickets, because these can get really pricey. You can also do a Sandcastle/Kennywood ticket, where you visit Sandcastle during the day and Kennywood at night. It's a fantastic deal, but boy could that be exhausting!
3	okay, so it's not as fun as kennywood but i guess it's still cool... i planned ahead a day to go for me & bobby (his first time) it was supposed to be nice day, but the weather changed in 2 weeks.. we picked a nice time.. since it was literally supposed to rain all day, there werent any long lines/ we literally rode every water slide in one hour. then we went to head to the lazy river--- & it was closed! they said it was closed due to not enough attendence, but i mean come on. we still paid $70 for 2 people to come in this park where i just rode everything in one hour.. keep the lazy river open so i can kill an hour! aah. the cliff hanger was also closed- like always. so we just went and rode everything again. the Dragon's Den is sweet and the blue tubaluba is as well. bobby had a blast on the speed slides. i have to admit though, i do miss the regular body slide. another reason i chose august 3rd to go to sandcastle was that the park was open until 7pm rather than 5 or 6 like regular days. well actually at 4:45 we recieved a "15 minute warning" that the park was closing at 5 due to rain. ugh, a little more time would've been helpful. i couldnt hear the warning and asked an employee who said they were closing in ten minutes due to the weather and being under-staffed to stay open until 7. it started to rain at 5 and literally at 5:20 the rain was over . the park could've just shut down the rides until the rain cloud passed,  but due to being under-staffed would rather hand out rain checks.. which is fine because we get an another entire day, but i mean it would be a terrible inconvience from someone out of town who planned a family day. overall, the smile on my boyfriend's face was priceless, but i truly wish we could've enjoyed the lazy river and the park until 7. hopefully next time things go as planned....
2	Sandcastle Water Park in P-Burgh was just "okay" for me. I really think that this place is geared towards children more so than adults or "family" because there isn't much fun here for people older than 16. The water slides here were lacking. There were very few of them and the majority of them are boring. The last time I was there (not too long ago) there weren't any extremely modern slides like a tornado slide, so they really have some updating to do. They do have an "adult pool" and bar area but it was so packed that it was hard to actually have fun in this area. The pool is very small, similar to one you'd find at a hotel chain. It has a hot tub area but it sits about 8 adults max. and people were fighting tooth and nail to get in. It wasn't too impressive to me. They also have a lazy river at this park and, while I do enjoy lazy rivers, this one was so packed that it was hard to breathe. People kept bumping into me and touching me and it made me grossed out. The one attraction that I did enjoy was the wave pool. It was crowded as well but large enough to fit everybody comfortably. The water was nice and clean (a big plus) and the wave action was strong. I could have stayed in there for the entire time we were at the park.Overall, this place is just mediocre. It doesn't "wow" me very much but if you live in the area, have kids, and are looking for somewhere to go in the summer other than the mall, it'll provide them with a lot of fun.
4	Now here's a place that knows what it is. A place to ride a few slides, relax on the lazy river, and watch the hilarious pittsburghers walk around with Jesus tattoos and many children. Come for the slides, stay for the people watching.
