5	Basically, everything I wrote in my glowing review of Sacto's KRXQ radio station also applies to KOMP as well.Avenged Sevenfold, Guns & Roses, Puddle of the Mud, Killswitch Engage, Metallica, Seven Dust, Stone Sour, Ozzy Osbourne and the absolutely phenomenal Three Days Grace - to  name just a few - are among the awesome brand songs that one is guaranteed to come across anytime you're tuned in to KOMP.As a result, every time I'm anywhere between Primm (NV) and Kingman (AZ) this is my music station of choice.
5	Gooch!! Total Rock N Roll. Sponsors of all the Big Rock Shows. Tons of giveaways and events. KOMP Kegger at the Hard Rock is an insane annual event. They play a little too much Pink Floyd if thats possible.
3	Love the music, but it's more of a station for men.  I guess their icky jokes towards women is funny and cool to the crowd their looking for?   They have strange contests like a mother making out with her son to get tickets...which I think is disgusting...but there's people that do it???  So who's sick?  I just dunno????  Love the music...will pass on the talk. : )
3	This place prides itself as "the rock station." True, they specialize in rock music, but that doesn't mean everything they play rocks.92.3 is something of a "mixed rock" station, playing mostly newer rock/alternative rock of the last 15 or so years, with the occasional 80s metal and classic rock song thrown in. As good as this format sounds, it simply doesn't work because they make new rock the focus. And these are more of the same "nu metal" bands who all sound alike, just trying to score their 15 minutes of fame. You're going to hear some great songs on this station, but you're going to have to wade through a lot of filler in the process.One good thing about the station is the Home Grown Show, a show on which up-and-coming local artists get to make themselves known. I only wish they focused more on this. It's a worthy Vegas station, but they need to dump the emphasis on new music and start focusing on busting the classics back out.
4	Great Rock n Roll radio station.  I've been listening to this station for years.  It's one of the few that hasn't changed formats and has always played Rock.  They have awesome giveaways for concerts and host pretty cool events throughout the year.  I like consistency and this station has it.
2	I did a review on KOMP a few months ago & it was deleted/censored for ????In anycase, Its what I have my home stereo tuned to for the lack of nothing better when I'm not listening to my prefered cd's = Straight up Metal = Exodus, Overkill, Megadeth, Metallica, Motorhead, Sabbath, Preist etc. You get the idea.....My major complaint about KOMP is that they will play, For example: Iron Maiden's "Number of the Beast" OR DIO "Rainbow in the Dark" totally rocking out & blowing my mind that they actually play something cool like this. And the next song will be some "EMO" they are passing off as "Rock/Metal" I dont get it at all.My latest gripe is that 5 Finger Death Punch song "I Remember" where the dude is crying about his daddy or something. THAT is what passes for ROCK theses days? Sorry but I cant turn that off fast enough and THAT goes for ALOT of other stuff they play too & THATS why I have cd's = Crank it!! \m/
4	I can' say I'm a faithful KOMP listener but they're a pretty good station for Rock. I won tickets to a concert so I had to go to their office to pick them up. The building was easy to find, decent parking. The lobby is huge, reception desk right there, no reason to get list inside. She was friendly and helpful. Got my tickets and was good to go. Keep on Rockin'!
3	It's probably the best station in Vegas for Rock music but they have one HUGE flaw. They get a hold of a particular song or two and play them to death !!!!! I no longer like "God is dead?" because they play it constantly. They've done it before many times. I remember they played Godsmack's "Rocky Mountain Way" so much I was sick of hearing it. They should be like other successful Rock stations and limit songs to no more then once every 12 hours.
4	Hubby listen's to the morning crew every morning while at work and has been lucky to win a few sets of concert tickets.  They have a mixture of old and new that they play and although I don't listen on a regular basis its a nice change from the 3-5 stations in Vegas that are all playing the same song at the same time.
5	Rock You! KOMP 92.3 earns 5 stars.- Tons and Tons and TONS of giveaways!- Superior audience engagement through social media.- Actively-developed and maintained app means listening worldwide!- Great mix of 80's, 90's, and contemporary rock music.- Public-Affairs programming early Sunday morning- Superior themed shows ( Homegrown Show with Laurie Steele featuring local up-and-coming bands, Mel Komp's 92 Minutes Of Hair which is a weekly anthology of Glam Rock/Hair Bands from the 80's)- Really easy-to-listen-to on-air talent from the aforementioned Mel and Laurie (or maybe it's spelled Lori...) to Sylvia, Dennis Huff, Gooch, Big Mex, and last but not least "Carlotta en la Casa" (as she says during lunch hours). Very "listenable" personalities, not grind my eyeballs out annoying, but "Hey, how U doin'!" Cheers neighborhood bar everybody knows you kind of "listenable".In case I missed someone or something, I'm all apologies, but I think you'll agree ... if you are a fan of rock and roll, modern technology, and great personalities,  you'll really like KOMP 92.3.I  only wish the playlist reached a smidgen farther back to include Argent, Kansas, Nazareth, Deep Purple, Peter Frampton, and the likes but hey, there's plenty of AC/DC, Quiet Riot, Pearl Jam, Def Leopard, Three Days Grace, and Scorpions to make up for it. You can't have everything, it's a broadcast radio station paid for by advertisement, not a subscription podcast on your iPod!Plus you couldn't ask for better community involvement from management and staff. Not just on-site remotes, but evangelizing Animal adoptions, sick kids in the hospital, canine kindness, local garage band spotlights, even public service programming.Go Team KOMP! Rock you!Bonus: Beastie Boys, Jane's Addiction, Eminem, and some extra spotlight on AC/DC bagpipes :)
5	B.S. In The Morning with Brittney and Sparks... The most entertaining morning show you will ever listen to. 92.3 on your FM dial, or komp.com worldwide.Laurie Steele's Homegrown Show...92 minutes of Hair with Mel ....And Carlotta. The anchor. The  "en la Casa" lady. Carlotta on site and on the Mic. Carlotta the heart and soul of KOMP. Let's not forget Carlotta.Dennis Huff on site and on the Mic...Your Buddy Gooch on site and on the Mic...Yo, kick it! No. Sleep. Till Brooklyn!Bawitdaba - Kid Rock.Jane's Addiction - Been Caught Stealing. Yeah, you know it. And their new stuff, but "ruff ruff ruff! Ruff ruff ruff! Nanananananaaanaaanaaanaaaaaaa".Don Dokken HQ. Whitesnake. Ac/dc "dirty.deeds.and.diere.done.dirt.cheap. yeah!"And even the plethora of other timeless hits you remember. Tons. And. Tons. Of Giveaways.Listen. Make the world a better place. Call the B.S. Drunk Line over the weekend when you are drunk 702-315-3006 and leave a message and maybe Brittney and Sparks will play it on the air on Monday.
5	Best damn station in Las Vegas! Lots of giveaways is right, big daddy just won two tickets to the advanced screening of  "American Sniper". I'll take it! Thanks Lori!
