5	Easily one of the coolest addresses in Montreal. It was home to Jello Bar for many years and now to this super badass spot. It's all things cool: hip decor, specially the lighting. Strong drinks, hip-hop, ultra friendly staff.. loved it. I definitely have to go back for food. Spotted the waiter carrying this delish-looking tartare.... oh la!
3	Good place for a date on weekdays. Didnt stick around long enough so 3 stars for now
3	Went here to celebrate my birthday with friends. Had a great time -- good music, drinks, atmosphere.Would have given it 4 stars, but the service was not the greatest. Made a reservation for 930 pm for a table for 15 people 2 weeks in advance and called up the day before to confirm that it was still in their books for the right time & number of people. It was, but when I got there the next night, the hostess had it written down for 10 pm instead. Not a big deal. When my friends had all arrived, we were a group of 30 people, so some were sitting, some were standing. Slowly but surely, the staff started to take away our tables -- without even telling us -- and we had to stop them to ask what was going on. We were told that another reservation was coming in at 11:30 so they needed to maximize the space. Friends of mine were literally asked to get out of the chairs they were sitting in for the people that would be arriving in 30 minutes. Not only did they not explain over the phone that the tables would only be ours for about an hour, they were prioritizing people that were not even there yet over those that were sitting in their lounge, buying their drinks. After someone pointed out to this staff member that she should probably do something to compensate for their poor service, she agreed to a free drink for the birthday girl...which never came.I'd go back again, but definitely not with a large group.
4	Nice place ! I've been to Mme Lee once on a Friday and I liked it. Prices are pretty normal for the kind of bar/location. $7 for a beer and $10-$13 for a drink. They have a food menu as well but I did not see it. The location is nice and spacious. I like the open windows.. I think the place turns to a sort of club after a certain hour since I saw a lineup.. Interesting. Check it out
4	We came here based on a recommendation from a couple of girls we met from Toronto the night before.  We were looking for a place to dance with good music and this was probably one of the better places I've been to in a while.  Biggest pro for me was the old-school hip hop and R&B -- they played What's Luv...c'mon WHAT'S. LUV.  Took it all the way back to high school for me.  And atmosphere and crowd were cool.  Despite the awesome music selection, Mme Lee loses one star from me for the mediocre song transitions, left me a bit disappointed.  But this doesn't take away from the fact that my friends and I really enjoyed ourselves and won't stop me from recommending this place to anyone in the area.
