1	I cannot believe that this hotel is in the ABV network-- it is a true dump. And, when I say dump, I mean literally. It sits next to the City Landfill, and smells just like you would imagine. Imagine our disgust when we arrived. Even worse, the hotel seemed to host many long-term residents. At times, we were unsure of whether we had booked at a hotel or at the local homeless shelter. Do yourself a favor and skip this dump--and ABV hotels altogether.
2	12 of us were in town the night before a 24 hour relay that started about 5 miles from the hotel. We wanted a cheap place to spend a night. We got exactly what we were expecting. It was cheap, mostly clean, and quiet. I would have been freaked out to stay here by myself but since I was sharing a room with 2 other people, I was able to sleep. (Hotels/Motels where you park your car right outside the door to your room always give me pause - those are the types of places people always die in horror movies.) If I were going to Madison for vacation, I would not stay here. But if I do the same relay again and just need a cheap place to crash for a night or two, this place fits the bill.
1	I don't even want to give this one star... the staff at the front desk was less than courteous.  the walls in the rooms are cement blocks, makes you feel like you're in prison.. there was candy smeared all over the floors, and popcorn not even vacuumed up.  the dust on top of the TV was so thick I wrote "wash me" on it.  The air conditioning would not stay on... It smelled in there.. DO NOT stay here. Yes, it was cheap, but spend a couple extra bucks and get a real hotel room!
1	this placeis full of fukn bugs!!!!!!!!!!!!! nasssty! isnt worth 5 bucks a night! crackville hookers robberies do not come here!!!!!!!!!! go somewhere that is worth the 5 bucks atleast!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! too bad im poor !!!! otherwise id be at the magnu8sson or anywhere butt here!!!!!!!! jeraldo is cool shit though. que pasa hombre jeraldo??? asta
1	*Sigh* Where to begin explaining my journey with ABVI. I'll start with the good, cause that'll be quick: "free" Wifi, which is very fast. Coffee sitting out that is self-proclaimed as fresh. It's not. But it's also not horrible. Room doesn't smell like burnt hair and vinegar. Looks decently clean, better than what you'd expect for a hotel costing only $50 night.Bad: customer service. I booked online and on the receipt, the address was for their other location on Perry street. I was visiting Madison, where I have never been, and am completely clueless about how to get around efficiently. Upon arriving at the aforementioned hotel, I realized I had made a massive mistake. It looked like people had been living in this place for years. There were clothes hanging on a line in the front lawn and the exterior was run-down and sketchy. Police cars zoomed by and shady characters cat-called me as I cautiously entered the office. I waited. I rang the bell for service. I waited some more. Finally a woman comes to the counter and stares at me. I explain that I'm here to check in. She looks at my ID and tells me I'm at the wrong place and gives me the card for this location. Okay. All right. Whatever, at least I don't have to stay at this dump! So I drive away. And I drive. For about an hour, in circles, because the directions I was given were completely inaccurate. Finally, I see the sign in the distance from off of the highway and follow the prompts. Thankfully, this one looks like a legitimate hotel. I go inside to the front desk and explain, once again, that I am here to check in. I am stared at and not greeted. (What's up with this?) She spends about 3 minutes silently typing away at the computer before mumbling something under her breath. I ask if everything is all right. She says that I'm at the wrong location and gives me the address to the place I was just at. I explain that I just went there and they told me to come here. Surprised, she proceeds to ask me if I was sure, about 4 times. She claims there is no reservation for me. We spend about 10 minutes arguing back and forth about this. I give her my confirmation number and she frustratedly pushes it aside and I ask her if she will try to look it up, because I had been charged for the booking. She can not seem to find it. I call a friend and have them log into my email account and forward her my confirmation number/receipt. Still, no luck. She does not believe me. At this point, I'm about to just walk out and find another place, when she decides to call the location I was first at. I overhear "There's a lady here who CLAIMS she went to your location and that you turned her down, but she doesn't even have a reservation with us." Her face molds into an angry frown as she hears that I was, in fact, just at the other location. She hangs up and lets me know that I have the option of staying there if I want to. OF COURSE I WANT TO, LADY. So my credit card is collected and I am charged for the night. I checked my bank account later and had been charged twice. I have yet to get this straightened out. I was left with "make sure you don't smoke in the room and be out by 11am."I won't be coming back here. Go to Road Star Inn nearby. They're cheaper, nicer, cleaner, much more efficient and lack language barriers.
1	I have a part time job that takes me across the country, and usually we stay in cheap hotels so I am a bit of an expert on the subject.This is the WORST hotel I've ever stayed.  Surly service, poor condition, stained mattresses.  Clientele you'd expect at this hotel's price range (although that is hardly the hotel's fault).  When I moved to Madison I stayed in this hotel for two weeks.  I was planning on staying a month, but when my wife visited she ordered me out of the hotel... immediately.  Yes the hotel is next to a landfill but in all honesty that never bothered me in the slightest.  There are a lot of good reviews for this hotel on Trip Advisor but I'm convinced they are fakes written by the owners.
1	The one star is simply because negative stars are not allowed. I stayed here for work. There was a convention in town and this was the only place available on such short notice. NEVER again. 1) Next to a landfill. Not a messy place--literally, a landfill. The TripAdvisor reviews, with all the pictures of the blooming gardens and well maintained grounds neglected to show the huge landfill next door. 2) People live in this hotel which is problematic for a few reasons. First, there are entire families running through the TILED hallways (yes, tiled), swimming together, washing their clothing together, playing in the parking lot, eating the free breakfast together, etc. 3) Speaking of the free breakfast...there was a sign taped onto the window of the breakfast area warning patrons to avoid the flying ants because they sting. Despite other reviews that claim the free breakfast consists of a spread fit for a king, it really consists of standard crap that you will find at any continental breakfast. The only additional bonus, of course, are the flying ants. 4) I was scared for my life and kept the lights on the whole night I was there. I did not dare bathe in the grimy shower. Needless to say, I was borderline worthless at my meeting the next day, having slept about 1 hour. On a positive note, however, I survived the night, so I couldn't be too upset. 5) There was some strange smell making it through the AC. When I complained I was told that the maintenance person was gone for the night, there were no rooms available for me to move to, and that life would have to go on. The front desk graciously offered to call the manager so I could speak to them, but I wasn't clear why given that the smell wouldn't be addressed and I couldn't change rooms. 6) Free Wifi. I use this term lightly bc it did not work. At all. Ever.
1	This place is an internet scam! The description from the ABVI site is misleading, avoid this place at all cost. Simply put, it looks like crack house, and it's not in a safe location. If your lucky you might see local meth addicts fighting crackheads.  And the hotel management is has level of scumminess  that is equally matched by the criminal patrons of this hotel.
4	The motel is making some nice improvements. The bed was very comfortable with a  warm comforter, hot water, a decent TV with a fridge and microwave in the room. Best selection for breakfast I've ever encountered. Not only did they have fresh fruit, juices, oatmeal, biscuits and gravy and 2 waffle irons for waffles, they had a make your own omelette griddle using real eggs, ham, mushrooms, black olives, spinach, peppers and cheese. Staff did a nice job of cleaning up too. There's still a few things that could have been better however it's obvious they're trying to improve the motel. For a one night stay this was a great bargain for .$60. Plus tax.
