4	Needs a little work for a 7-11 seems too cluttered... Employee was very nice and greeted me with a smile!!!
4	No gas, but everything else.   What more do I say, redbox is there, by Retro Bakery, Fresh and Easy, Walgreens.   What more do you need?   7-11 has it down.  Not cheap though, dollar store blows them out on some items.   Slurpee station is killer, get one!
4	Its 7-11.There is nothing good nor bad about this location but it is the closest to my house. They have the typical assortment of quick convenience items and I have never had a bad run in with the staff. So, i'll continue to visit this location.
3	Typical 7-11, they got your sodas, your beers, your munchies, your cigarettes, and anything else you'd need to cure that hang over!
5	Ok this is my personal spot to campaign and get my official snack on.This is my new club spot. Any store that's like a gas station that I proudly place club in front of is my spot to run in grab goodies such as ice oh thank heaven because this pretty lady just love me some ice baby.They even got gift cards to play online games and never forget snacks and most of all it has to have late & early hours. I like to be able to run in and get snacks anytime my little heart feels it's necessary. If I'm awake or should I wake up out my sleep and I have a mean craving I like to be able to drive up, walk in, buy and yelp lmao. Now this location doesn't sale gas and that's cool in my book because I come to this location to spoil myself not my car. I no longer call it seven eleven. I've nicknamed it (Club Thank Haven) and that means one thing it's my new spot to spoil myself. It's even got a red juice box if your old and don't understand that means its got a Red Box and I can rent movies for a dollar bill. Will you ever see me at this location? Odds are No. I only yelp when I'm busy leaving the lot. But I will start to post goodies so Check out my pictures OFTEN.
5	I still love this seven eleven oh thank heaven...They seem to can't keep my favorite cookies on the shelf in the store. The manager says he will reorder but OMG they so good I cant keep my little self out this store. They also have a key game inside I'm addicted to it. (Sad But True) lolI've taken a few pictures and I guess I need help...with my addiction. If I happen to find any change I'm keeping it just for my trip to seven eleven. I cant explain why I love this location so much.I can't tell u what kind of cookies I get at this location yall may try to be funny and go here and buy all my dang cookies. So its top Secret! Ok I will tell yall what kind of chips I eat...nope I don't trust yall...like that...Yet. LMAOMaybe when I'm tried of eating the cookies and chips I will say what kind they are. Until then just know I'm happy with this location. The hot dogs are good. So are the lil roll up thingies they are always hot and good. I really enjoy the large cups of Ice. You guys know I'm a sucker for large cups of Ice :)
5	Friendly staff, and slurpees! There's a Redbox right outside too, if you still do that whole physical media movie rental thing.5 stars, though to be fair, i'd still give it 5 stars if the staff were assholes, since slurpees.
