1	Losing a furry family member that has been a part of the family is always very difficult for everyone, even the other furry family members. After my family lost my 18 year old cat we all had a hard time adjusting to the loss. After a mourning period, my sister had decided that to heal we should adopt another cat into the family. We had found this organization and really loved their mission and their websites made them seem outstanding (I even wanted to volunteer). I was very disappointed when I visited their facility. We had filled out an application online to adopt before coming in to visit their available pets. They were in the middle of changing facilities we were told at the time. There were many cat tunnels around for cats to play in, but they had a large amount of feces in them. A peek into the dog area showed a lot of feces as well. Previously working at an animal shelter, I know how important and also difficult it can be to keep these areas clean. I tried to give them the benefit of the doubt. I had found a cat that I believed from her biography online would get along with the other pets in my house (especially my other cat). The visit with her was very short and many of the employees and volunteers made no motions to come away from their computers to answer any questions or show us around the shelter. I had asked what the process would be to adopt the cat that we were interested in and was told that we would be contacted based on our application with denial for adoption or approval. We waited several weeks for any calls from them. My sister decided to take initiative and call them instead thinking we were forgotten. Many times we were told we had to wait to speak to the woman who was head of adoptions and that she wasn't there at the time we called. We tried calling back several times in hopes to talk to this woman who seemed to never be there. Finally during one last attempt, we were told we were denied (probably because we have a dog door for our dog, which we could understand why that would be of concern to someone who does not know what responsible pet owners we are). Friends that I had recommended visit this place have told me that they referred to my family as "crazy" because we were diligently calling for a follow up from the adoptions coordinator. I do not give this organization one star for being denied. I feel they deserve this for their lack of professionalism and unsanitary living areas for pets. If workers cant come away from their computers to greet eager visitors then at least they could come away from the computer to clean the feces off the cat tunnels hanging from the ceiling.
5	My first experience with LOH was during the throes of the housing collapse, when a frantic client of mine called and said her neighbors had moved out, abandoned their home and left their dog behind. I suggested she contact LOH, which she did and they came to collect the dog within the hour. After that I made it a point to pay attention to this unique organization. Years passed,  and the organization grew. Last year an acquaintance of mine invited me to volunteer at LOH when they moved into the new Tempe location. It was QUITE a lot of work,  but people turned out in droves to get it done. I even had an opportunity to talk to Jodi;  the founder,  who was working harder than anyone. After the place was ready, and all the animals were moved in,  I was blown away by the dramatic increase in adoptions they experienced. I was so happy for all those animals!Meanwhile,  me and my company (www.creaturefeaturepetsitting.com) have been collecting food for Pets of the Homeless for 4 years now. But I have been consistently challenged by organizations who are supposed to help with distribution of this food to the targeted group it's meant for. I couldn't get Salvation Army to do it,  I couldn't get Phoenix Mission to do it......sigh....the list is too long. A couple months ago I found out by accident that LOH has a food bank. I was still skeptical,  as I had been having so much trouble with other organizations. Today I brought LOH a 500lb load of food and supplies.....taking a chance. I was not disappointed. After speaking to Chris, who (I so appreciated this! ) unloaded my car for me.....I got to see the food bank, and learned how the process works.  I understood that it was necessary that certain recipients of the food had to try to get themselves off the streets.  They have to prove they are willing to work at helping themselves. I appreciate this. After all the resources available for the benefit of homeless people have been created as the result of the blood, sweat and tears of a lot of people. I will continue to bring my food collections to Lost Our Home, and support them in every way that I can.In a way the housing crisis was a good thing, since there are literally 1000s of animals who would have faced certain tragic death if it weren't for them.  Now it's not just housing crisis pets who are benefiting from LOH's existence......it's gone so way beyond that!
5	As a retired pet sitter I am often sought out for advice on what to do with stray animals, animals needing to be re-homed, families in need of pet food or assistance. Every time I will ALWAYS refer them to Lost Our Home Pet Foundation. They have truly built their foundation from the ground up by working with the community and being a solid pillar of support for the animals in need. Their new facility in Tempe is beautiful, well-managed, friendly & welcoming. I would highly recommend their services!
5	Lost Our Home is a wonderful organization that truly cares about their animals. They will go above and beyond to make sure each and every cat and dog is current on all their vaccinations and do what they can to make sure each one gets any medical treatment that is needed. The staff works tiresomely to ensure there is proper coverage for dog walking, litter scooping, and feral kitten petting. The LOH team not only supports the sweet fuzzballs at the shelter but they also have extended family at the local Petsmarts that provide weekend attractions for the kitties as well as volunteers who check in and care for them all week long. Everyone is so dedicated and committed to finding each animal a forever home that is both a suitable human match and the perfect love connection. I will always recommend Lost Our Home Pet Foundation to anyone in need of a four-legged companion.
5	LostOurHome.org was the MOST INCREDIBLE pet adoption EXPERIENCE!  Went to LostOurHome.org shelter, and WOW, incredible place with loving volunteers and a no-kill shelter for ALL the right reasons!Would HIGHLY recommend them when you are looking for a new pet.Their animals and living areas are maintained, clean, and they were well groomed.  LOH gives these animals a second chance and life, and helps them find a good fit home for life.  LOH are knowledgeable about each and every animal's individual personality and dynamics!  Was amazed at how much they knew about the personalities of the animals we were looking to adopt.The LostOurHome.org reps Joni and Marcie were AMAZING at getting the "right fit" for a kitten for our home, we have 2 adult cats ages 17 and 15.  We thought getting one kitten for transition was the right thing to do.  LOH reps were NOT "selling us a cat," yet were truly looking out for the best welfare of their animals matching with life long owners, and at the same time not making our current animals be crazy with high energy kittens, which is CRUCIAL!  We ended up taking home 2 kittens which LOH felt would be able to play together and adapt to each other well.  Cannot say ENOUGH, THANKS for all the questions on your adoption form, and for helping these two find a great home in our household.  Appreciate Joni's honesty and AMAZING how quickly the two have adapted in our home.Important before getting a new pet you realize pets are a lifetime commitment, and LOH's questionnaire for the adoption process does exactly that!It has been 4 days since our adoption, and our 2 cat, 2 kitten (just adopted) has all become a blended family.  They are eating, sleeping, and playing together.
