4	I would rate this place a 5, but it gets pretty noisy. It was difficult to hold a conversation with my date. But, when my entree was served, I no longer cared. I ordered the slow-roasted maple duck (or something like that) and every bite was more and more delicious (dare I say orgasmic?). I savored that bird, piece by piece. My date had the ahi tuna. It was good, but it didn't compare to the duck - which was the first time I had ever tried such an entree - sprinkled with fresh peppercorns!I'd like to go back soon. I've had duck other places, but it just doesn't compare. Would I order anything else if I went? Probably not. The duck was JUST that spectacular.
4	Visiting from SF for Spring Training we ended up at Trader Vic's one evening.  'Stupid' you might think since we do have one in SF.  But, we do not have hot weather in SF and a Trader Vic MaiTai is best consumed in 80 degree plus conditions!!!  Service, drinks, appetizers all get five stars.  The meal of my two companions also receive five stars.  Unfortunately, I ordered the Fire Roasted Scallops.  The dish was uber-spicy and I couldn't finish it.  That gets zero stars.  But DAMN those MaiTais are good!!!
4	Last night my boyfriend and I went on a double date with some friends at Trader Vic's. I have been dying to try this place ever since it opened at the classy Hotel Valley Ho. I called ahead and made us reservations as I have heard it is a hot spot at night. Once I got there I saw that reservations really aren't necessary during the week. Although Trader Vic's is a very nice restaurant there is an undeniable fun and relaxing vibe to go with the Polynesian theme. Perfect for women who love to wear diamonds with their jeans! The bar is especially interesting with walk out patio that features comfortable seating as well as a zen area where you can sit in the sand. Speaking of the bar the founder of Trader Vic's created the Mai Tai so my boyfriend gave one a whirl and I had a refreshing no Tai Mai Tai: the under twenty one girls best friend. Between us we tried the mahi-mahi, bacon wrapped scallops,and fried rice with shrimp, pork, and chicken. Everything was delicious. An added bonus is the on display chef who you can watch prepare your food. The coffee flavored creme brulee was also an interesting treat. I really enjoyed the ambiance of Trader Vic's and I would definitely keep it in mind for special occasions!
3	So, entering Trader Vic's I immediately loved the decor and the lighting was amazing.  I really got lost in the music finding myself wanting to fall asleep in the hanging canoes.  Instead, a waiter came by to get our orders.  I ordered the Green Goddess Salad partnered with the Filet of Alaskan Halibut, from their wood fired oven.  My other three dinning companions ordered the Maple Leaf Duck Breast, which was also from the wood oven.  The salad was all right, really nothing to rave about.  The dressing tasted a little fishy and got a little old.  My halibut arrived nicely tanned from the fiery oven.  The halibut was flakey, flavorful, and tasted better without the sauce that was made to accompany it.  The veggies left something to be desired and the lemongrass rice cake was a little hard to enjoy.  Two of the diners with me said there duck was good while another said his was gristly. Their fingerling potatoes were very good.  For the price, I did not taste the worth, but I really enjoyed the ambiance.  Our waiter and his helpers were very nice and were there to please.  Unfortunately, the food was not as good as the service and not worth the money.
4	I'd been staying at the Hotel Valley Ho for a week and had been hearing raves about this polynesian fusion restaurant right on the property.  Disappointed they didn't serve lunch, we came back for happy hour and drinks one evening. It was finally sunny so we sat outside.  It was still a bit chilly, so we asked the bartender to start the heat lamp and he didn't mind at all.  He was super friendly and super helpful and didn't mind our gazillion questions about the menu.We had the rum keg -- a punch made for four served in a ceramic island-style keg with 2 long straws.  Just the right blend of alcohols and juices without being too harsh or sweet or tart.  We were feeling pretty good after finishing this drink between the two of us.We had the recommended chicken skewers (hawaiian sauce plus mangos/pineapples--TASTY), the beef egg roll (I'd pass on this.. just.. a weird mixture of flavors and textures), and the fried rice (my favorite of the three--you could taste the wok-fried flavor, and the mixture of meats, veggies, rice, and seasonings was actually quite perfect!)4 stars for good relaxing atmosphere, great service, good tropical drinks, and good food.
4	This is a nice place to take a date to or a girls night out.  The drinks were potent but tastey.  The food was full of flavor & the service was awesome.  All in all I would go back...I would give it 5 stars but was turned off by the prices vs the portion of food you get.  Great for chics with small waste lines.
5	The best atmosphere around. This is one of the classiest places to hang in old town.The outdoor bar area is simply amazing... as is the bar area in general. The Tiki style drinks are soooooo good and a refreshing change of pace.I have not eaten in the restaurant yet... to be continued...
4	I love Trader Vic's in Scottsdale. I can be found late night at the bar chatting with the barmen like JK, Ken, and Steve.They pride themselves on their dedication to the original and revised tiki and traditional cocktails utilizing all fresh prepped ingredients and mixers.Try a Pisco Sour,  Ramos Fizz, or an Absinthe Frappe, in addition to the numerous tropical libations of rum and fruit. Kuddos to Bill Nassikas for bringing this 80 year old hospitality institution back to old town Scottsdale blocks from the original 5th Ave location. The Chinese oven smokes pork perfectly and they have the absolute finest fried rice in the state. If Vic Bergeron were alive, he would be checking out the Scottsdale Fembots at the pool at the Valley Ho..yeah Baby!I highly recommend this swanky updated throw-back to relive the era of space age bachelor pad cocktailing. Ask for Steve, as a finer barman does not handle a jigger with a steadier hand in the Valley.
3	I know visiting a restaurant on Monday or Tuesday is a gamble, but you'd figure a international organization like Trader Vic's would get it right - right?Not quite - well intentioned but amateur service diminshed our experience.  The food was good but not great and our waitress was friendly but lacked a professional attitude.  Dirty plates were left on the table, drink glasses cleared without an inquiry about another drink etc.   Would we try it again?  Probably, but not soon.
4	I thought Trader Vic's was very nice.  Food was very good.  Atmosphere was great.  Staff was very very friendly and fun.  They even gave me tons  of recommendations of places to eat in the area since I am new around here.  I recommend the lamb.
1	It will probably only be a matter of time before the Scottsdale location closes, following in the footsteps of the San Francisco and Los Angeles locations.  The truth is, the food is probably well received by the Scottsdale and Phoenix crowd, however, in San Francisco, where quality expectations are much higher, the restaurant floundered and closed, shortly after a costly renovation of the former Stars building.During our visit, I was so utterly disappointed in the meals and presentation, that I felt that I had to apologize to my dining companions for making such a poor dining recommendation, foolish me.  Outdoor dining in a sunny environment does not make the meal taste any better, though it does enhance the experience, which might explain my single star.While a trip to the Valley Ho is worth a visit to check out the Mid Century Modern decor, I would sum up Trader Vic's Scottsdale as one big Poo Poo (Pu Pu) Platter.
4	The BF and I are really into Tiki; we even host a Tacky Tiki Gay Pride Brunch.  It should come as no surprise that Trader Vic's is right up our alley.  Dining at this establishment even affords us the opportunity to rock some Hawaiian shirts from our collection.The atmosphere at Trader Vic's is impeccable.  It's a swanky combo of island and Mid-century Modern design that fits in perfectly with the Hotel Valley Ho vibe.  This place is Tiki with a hefty dash of class.The Tiki drinks are excellent and the bartenders pride themselves on mixing with scientific precision.  There's a wide variety of drinks with something for everyone. Note that the glassware is specific to each drink at Trader Vic's.  Try the Mai Tai as Trader Vic's claims to have the "real" version.  Whether or not it's the original, it's very good.  If you're accustomed to a sickly sweet Mai Tai, then this one will be a revelation.  None of the Tiki drinks at Trader Vic's fall into the sickly sweet category, thankfully.  I like the Bahia, which is a shaken (not blended) version of a Pina Colada.  The BF really likes the Gun Club Punch that comes served in a ceramic tumbler designed to look like an oversized shotgun shell.  It's a blend of silver and dark rum with pineapple and lime juices along with grenadine and curacao.  Sometimes the BF will also order the Fog Cutter with silver rum, brandy and gin.  The Trader Vic Sling is also very tasty.  It's a combination of gin, sloe gin, cherry liqueur, lime juice, creme de cassis and grenadine.  Be careful of enjoying too many libations as it's easy to become a Tiki Drink Drunk at Trader Vic's.For appetizers (or pupus in Tiki speak), the sampler platter that includes Barbeque Spare Ribs, Crab Rangoon, Crispy Prawns and Cha Siu Pork (from the Chinese Wood Fired Oven that can be seen in its own glassed-in room near the kitchen) is great for sharing.  The last few times we've been they've had a Firecracker Shrimp special that makes a great pupu to split.  The shrimp are stir-fried with fresh pineapple, bell pepper and lots of spice.  The whole thing is served in half a pineapple.For entrees, the Apple Wood Bacon Wrapped Jumbo Sea Scallops can be sublime, but the last time I had them they were a bit over-cooked.  The slaw that comes on the side with the scallops is delicious.  The Calcutta Chicken Curry is very tasty.  The restaurant makes a big deal out of presenting all the extras (e.g., coconut, raisins etc.) separately for you to mix in for yourself.  The dishes they use for this presentation are cool, but it's a bit superfluous.  The BF has enjoyed the Maple Leaf Duck Breast.  The Fried Rice is also delicious and the Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahi-Mahi is also tasty.  The Panko Onion Rings make a nice side dish for sharing.We normally don't save room for dessert.  We tried the dessert sampler once, but there was nothing outstanding on it.Prepare to give your AMEX a workout at Trader Vic's because it's spendy.  However, it's worth it.Trader Vic's serves impeccable drinks and refined Polynesian food in a delightful setting.  Eating at this establishment is like being swept away to the best of Honolulu.  Mahalo, Trader Vic!
3	The best reason to go to Trader Vic's is the drinks.  Rum makes an appearance in most of them and they're all kitschy and delicious.  Some are more alcohol-tasting than others, and the mai tais are wonderful. The coconut-looking glasses are a hoot.As for the food, my four companions and I all agreed that it was overpriced for the quality.  I had the fried rice, which was good, but not really any better than what you'd get from a good Chinese restaurant. For the $20 I paid for it, I certainly expected that the shrimp would be of a bigger size than a quarter.  It was disappointing.  One of my companions ordered the salmon, which she said was good, but not necessarily any better than what she could have grilled herself.  We got the dessert sampler, as well.  The idea of 'a little of everything' is a great one, and more restaurants should do it.  However, the creme brulee didn't have that nicely fired crust on the top that it should have.If  you're staying at The Valley Ho and want a quick stumble back to your room after too many Suffering Bastards, I'd recommend it.  Otherwise, I'm sure there are better restaurants in Scottsdale.  Go to Vic's for the drinks and dinner elsewhere.
2	The only reason to go here is for the drinks.. the drink menu is so much fun. The food however is pretty horrifying, think PF.. yep, seriously... not much by way of creativity or good flavor for that matter. I hate tiki tacky and this place is no exception.. more kitchy then anything.  I think they kept the decor from the last Scottsdale location in storage and brought it out for this place. Yuck!
3	After hearing Warren Zevon's "Werewolves of London" about 10 thousand times over the years where he sings "I saw a werewolf drinking a pina colada at Trader Vic's,His hair was perfect".   I was really had higher hopes for this place, but it's just a trendy theme bar/restaurant. Come here for the novelty of the drinks, and for the eye candy that's about it.   We didn't order dinner, just app's which were fine, nothing note worthy.Service was good but there were two girls helping or fighting over us. One took our order and brought our food, the other girl checked up on us too and then closed us out, all while the other girl was staring her down.
5	I don't know why there's no love for Trader Vic's but there is more to this place than the drinks. The restaurant, started by a guy from San Francisco, is only in like 15 places around the world. Most of them are in the Middle East and we have one in Scottsdale, that's pretty kick ass. I had a friend who was stationed in Bahrain and they had one there, that's where she discovered it. She loved the drinks but she loved the fact that it was a little slice of home. When she returned, Trader Vic's was all she could talk about. So, as dorky as we are, we decided to eat at every Trader Vic's around the world. We've eaten at the one in Vegas and the one in Scottsdale. There are three in California we definitely have to go to. Phoenix/ Scottsdale should be proud to have one since most of them are overseas!OK, for the food: We ordered Calamari and a salad to split as an appitizer, delicious! All three of us ordered the curry with tofu. Why? Because it comes with ten "fixins" you can pile on your curry. Golden raisins, coconut, sunflower seeds, and many more to enhance your curry. Very nice...fixins' are always good.We didn't order dessert but we ordered hot buttered rum! By far, some of the best I've ever had. The greatest thing about the hot buttered rum is the glassware they use which can be purchased on their website. I may have to stock up.This is not your typical chain restaurant, it much higher quality in service and food. It is a great place for groups and dates, alike. As a side note: there is a bar in San Francisco called Trader Sam's which has an eerily similar drink menu and history tidbit on the back of the menu...methinks it is owned by the same guy who started Trader Vics.
5	Why is everybody hating on Trader Vic's? It's dope.Stop pretending you are too cool for delicious food, silly (yet awesome) tiki themed novelty drinks and uber friendly waiters. This place rocks your socks and you know it.5 stars!
3	This place visually is gorgeous. The decor, the music, and the smells. I have been here three times and have both good and not so good things to say about it.The Good: the service, the ambiance, the drink menu, great looking people, the bathrooms, the bread, the desserts are yummo !!!Not so good: the amount of ice they put in the drinks, some of the food is not so great : example..we ordered the poopoo platter and the pork was dry that I didn't want to eat it and same with the ribs
4	I love Trader Vic's.  If I am lucky, I will visit all of them one day.I am giving this place 4-stars although I think it should be closer to three due some bad experiences with the staff and food.You can never go wrong with a mai tai here.  Always tasty.  One think I did notice was the first was weak but the others I had got stronger.  All of the bartenders were friendly and attentive.  I had the beef cho cho and crab ragoon.  Always good but the portions were much smaller than some of the other Trader Vic's restaurant.I had ordered the rib eye steak and it was terriblly salty.  Makes me wonder if the beef was fresh?  I sent it back and ordered the filet migion.  That dish was perfect.  I went back a couple of days later and ordered the rib-eye again and this time it was perfect.I believe the mai tais were $10 each.  They did have some cheaper drinks.  This Trader Vic's is not that bad as far as prices.  I have had mai tai's from Trader Vic's ranging from $8-12 each.  Just depends on the location I suppose.
4	Yeah, this place is REALLY good.Trader Vic invented the Mia tai....so i had to try it, even though I hate Mai tai's.  It was pretty good, if you like Mai Tai's, your in for a treat.My buddy and I ordered the duck and the lamb.  Both were excellent.  I also stared with the Bongo Bongo Soup, it is very much like a Lobster Bisque, but it is made with Oysters and Spinach.  My mouth is watering thinking about that soup, so so good.Looking forward to heading back to this place again.
2	An empty restaurant is never a good sign so perhaps Gabi K, Jared M, and I should have found dinner elsewhere, but we decided to give Trader Vic's a chance. Our meal started off on a good note...Attentive service, although then again we were the only people to really give attention to.  And we did enjoy the bread basket...although I could do without the bread with chunks of pineapple in it.Gabi and I decided to share 2 entrees- both highly recommended by the waiter. In fact, he said they were 2 of the most popular dishes on the menu. What you ask? Hold your horses yelpers...I'm getting there! Macadamia crusted mahi mahi and some lo mein like dish topped with halibut.  Jared was eating his 2nd dinner of the evening so he decided to keep it light and ordered the won ton soup. And it turned out he ordered right because the won ton soup was apparently better than anything else that came to the table.The mahi mahi and halibut (on top of the noodles) was beyond bland...it tasted like one of my flavorless weight watchers meals I make at home.  And it's really a problem when Trader Vic's cooks like the gal who burns pasta (yep, guilty of that last week). The mashed potatoes that came with the mahi mahi were decent, as were the noodles...but that was pretty much it.  Our bill came to $90- $90 too much!!We skipped the drinks after having our fair share of them at the hotel bar beforehand, but if I ever have to come back to Trader Vic's (which I don't plan on) I'll have to mask the bland taste of their food with lots of their specialty drinks.
2	Not sure if we went on a really off night, but I was extremely disappointed with TV's.  As Andrea wrote below (damn her for writing her review before me), our bill came to $90 for dinner and it was $90 too much!The waiter (Tyler I think) said that their version of pad thai with halibut was his favorite dish on the menu... favorite dish?  really?  it was pretty bland - nothing special at all!  We also went with the macadamia crusted mahi mahi - not so much - pretty bland as well.  The steamed asparagus was fine but how can you really screw that up?  I had a spoonful or two of Jared's wonton soup - that was actually decent... but not enough to bring me back.Sorry, TV's - I won't be seeing you again anytime soon but good luck to you!
3	My Mom who is visiting Phoenix insisted we stop here after she saw the sign for T.V.'s - she had gone to the first (I think) Trader Vic's with her Mom in Chicago in the late 1960's and wanted to check it out. So it was nostalgia for her, she said the place had the same menu's she remembers 40 years ago and same polynesian theme.I had the drunken geisha drink, it was good, my mom had some run conconction called the Fog Cutter that she liked, I also thought (as another reviewer here stated)  it had too much ice but she thought it was fine.So I agree with the other reviewers, good for drinks, probably not for food - I only say this because I asked the server what she recommended for appetizers/food and she was very vague, didn't seem enthusiastic, but she was very specific what she recommended for drinks.
3	We just had our company party here. Trendy without being stuffy. Great drinks. Food was pricey.
5	I definitely need to raise the ratings on Trader Vics!  My boyfriend and I went here for the second time on Christmas Eve for happy hour and again, had an amazing time!  When we came here the first time, our bill was over $200 so we thought we'd save ourselves some money and just check out the happy hour from 4-6pm Monday-Wednesday.  They have about 50 different drink concoctions and most of them were half off (so about $5-6) but not all of them. It's so fun trying different ones, they come in cool tiki-like glasses and are mostly rum concoctions and taste delicious.  We liked the Zombie, Suffering Bastard and Molokai MIke but I must warn you:  THEY ARE POTENT!  This turned into a "cab night" for us but that was after we walked to Coach House afterward...For appetizers we ordered the Beef Cho-Cho, crab rangoons and the calamari.  The Beef Cho-Cho is sooooooooo good, it must be in some kind of plum sauce and you get to heat it up yourself with a hibachi.  Calamari is one of my favorite foods so I try it everywhere I go and it was very good here, the crispy kind and they didn't put any of the scary tentacled ones in there either that no one eats :-)  Good dipping sauces too...I must prop out our waitress Brittany, she had great recommendations and was very enthusiastic and on point.  We were again very impressed with the staff there.  I definitely recommend Trader Vics (Home of the Mai Tai) and Hotel Vally Ho as well!
4	The place was quite busy for Christmas Day 2008.  And our bartender Nicolina was awesome!  She engaged in great conversation, and took care of us.  I witnessed a marriage proposal on the patio that evening (imagine the water feature in the background, the fire pit glowing), and that seemed to put everyone in a great mood.  We decided on having appetizers & drinks only that day  (since they did not have the full menu & were closing early).  It seems like a great place for happy hour and I would be back to try it for dinner the next time I visit Scottsdale.
5	As rib-eye and salmon freaks, we had an awesome experience at Trader Vics.  This was our first time.  Always drove by and wanted to go in.  Jerome and I went on a Tuesday night around 6:30 and were greeted and seated right away.  Lovely ambiance - music, decor...everything.  Drank Shirley Temples and ginger-ales.  They don't serve with a "gun".  Everything is from bottles the way it was in 1940's.  That was nice.Had chopped ice burg salad.  All ingredients were fresh and the plate chilled.  Bacon was not as crisp as I'd have wanted.  But the dressing coating each chunk of lettuce was fine!  The blue cheese was soft and wonderful.  Wouldn't get it again.  I want to try the Caesar.  The bread was awesome!  Loved the freshness and the onion and the vinegar/ginger tray for dipping.  The crackers were alright.  Interesting touch.The waiter explained the oven and how they hang the meat in the HOT oven where they smoke the food and the flame never touches it.  I had salmon.  SOOOOoooooooooo good.  Looked like it might have been going to be dry, but not.  It was silky and so melt in your mouth good with the sauce it came on.  The pureed potatoes had just the right touch of spice.  So smooth.  The asparagus was perfect.  All on HOT plate.Jerome had rib eye.  YUM!  We were wondering if it'd compare to Ruth's.  IT DID!  Such a generous cut.  The crispy edges, just the right salt and cooked medium rare just the way we like.  Tender and got better and better with each bite.  Took home leftovers (and that bone to chew on later). Plan to go back again and to tell friends about.Sorry so many of reviewers had poor experiences.  It is not a Chinese food place.  Lots of reviewers had Chinese sounding dishes.  Want to try the duck.  Great service and $90 total for everything.  Pretty fair, we think, for two entrees and for the sides that came with the meat.  Fair portions.  Can't wait to go again.  Maestros is next on the list though.  Oh my...
4	We went to Trader Vic's on date night, left the kiddos at home. I can honestly say my kids would have done fine there, after reading the description on Yelp. Yes there are white teblecloths, yes there is stemware - but if your kids are well behaved & used to dining out - totally doable.I was impressed. I enjoyed the food (sorry but I cannot rmember what I had, it was 10 mos ago!!), I enjoyed my cocktails & hot toddy's. I loved dessert. Our waiter knew her stuff.The nostalgia really did me in, I LOVE that stuff! Makes a gal want to slide on red lipstick & a retro dress - it was a great atmosphere & I'm happy we tried it out.
4	Outstanding Service of some really exciting food served in a beautiful atmosphere.  My mahi mahi serving would not have been enough for a child, let alone an adult. Other 3 in party had enough, but mine was less than paltry.
4	As far as going to "hip" places, Trader Vic's in Scottsdale is a cool place.  We rolled here on a Friday night while in the area.   On the night we went, there was a very cool salsa group playing in the outside bar.  (Salsa music and Polynesian theme???   I guess it's fusion....????)   Very fun. The outside bar is very cool in itself -- very comfy lounge chairs, fire pit -- beautiful Arizona sky above -- perfect temperature in March.   Drinks are a little pricey (i.e. a Mai Tai is $10, but, what you got to fund Vic's retirement income somehow, right)?   The Mai Tai is the house specialty-- and after ordering one, you'll agree.  I personally mix up a stiff mai tai during the summer months, and believe you me--the bartenders at Trader Vic's KNOW how to do the Mai Tai.  I could slurp down about 4 of these in the hot Arizona air without even thinking about it.  Yum.....The variety of drinks on the bar menu is incredible!  It's like beng in Hawaii.......some of the drinks are served in a fish bowl (like at "Sharkeez" in Southern California) with multiple straws.  Yeah, sure it's a little gimmickey, but it's fun.    That rum goes right from the bowl through the straw to your head in no time!  It wasn't super packed when we went, and that is just the way I like it.   You could definitely tell the rum was working--everyone here was having a good time.  If in the area, stop by for a drink.  Choosing between the variety of different choices of pineapple, rum, and , bourbon infused concoctions.....the best choice of the entire night might be to call a cab after you are done!!  Hic-cup!
4	Been wondering what all the fuss is about for ages.  Since we had spa treaments at Valley Ho, decided to ck it out.Just so happens they started a new happy hour with $1, $2 & $3 appies - bonus!!  The ribs were good, pita & humus sure hit the spot, the pork shu wrap? was yummy, little burger & sweet potatoe fries cute.I am so not a rum drinker, and all 50 (give or take) of their drinks are rum based - i think i did spy 1 gin drink & i zeroed in on the only vodka drink: their mai tai, (original version is with, yup: rum).  Jason at the bar was extremely attentive, even though he was only filling in from his regular serving in dinning room.  Overall it was fun, but since i am not into rum, not sure if it is my cup of tea, er, rum.  But for my 1 visit, it all went well.
4	Trader Vic's was a fun, kitschy, restaurant with an awesome drink menu (important when it's your bachelorette party) and yummy food.  The bread on the table was seriously delish.  I've noticed a foccacia theme in Scottsdale - it's heavenly.   The restaurant wasn't crowded at all for a Saturday, but we had 8:00 reservations... I hope that doesn't mean that it's not going to stick around.The servers were very attentive and the portion sizes were hefty.  I left completely stuffed, but it was worth it...  Prices were pretty good too, especially for the asian-ish dishes.  I'd definitely recommend Trader Vic's and would undoubtedly try it again the next time I'm in town.  Yum.
5	Included in my winning bid on a stay at Hotel Valley Ho was dinner for two at Trader Vic's. Now, I've been to the Trader Vic's here in the SF Bay Area for drinks and the pupu platter, but not a full meal, so I wasn't quite sure what to expect.What my friend and I experienced was fantastic food and incredible service! When we were seated I almost apologetically produced my certificate, which read "dinner for two, exclusive of drinks and gratuity." I asked the waiter if that meant just entrees, and he took the certificate, looked at it and said, "To me that means two appetizers, two salads, two entrees, and two desserts--the works." So that's what my friend and I ordered.Actually we decided to forgo two separate appetizers in lieu of the pupu platter, which eased us into the whole Polynesian/Asian fusion experience. Well, those and our tropical drinks. So, as we were noshing on the spareribs, Crab Rangoon, and fried shrimp, we had a chance to start enjoying the atmosphere: lots of natural wood elements, tiki torches, and a glassed-in wood-fired oven in full view of the dining room.My friend had ordered the oven-roasted fish special--I think it was something like coral grouper, which the waitress said had been flown in that day from Hawaii--and I decided to order the Filet Mignon Oscar (topped with lump crab and bearnaise sauce). Well, little did I know that I was going to see my filet mignon cooked in the wood-fired oven.The oven, which is based on ovens used way back in the Han Dynasty--or so the menu says--is barrel-shaped and stands about 6 feet tall. There was one guy who seemed to be in charge of it, and he'd take whatever item was to be cooked, hang it from a long metal hook, and then hang the hook inside the oven. It was fascinating to watch him rotate the hooks as the items cooked and new ones were added to the oven. The poor guy must lose about 15 pounds a night in perspiration from the heat of the oven, but he's a master at what he does. My filet was perfectly cooked to a medium rare.My friend's fish and my filet were delicious, and the portions were large. So large, in fact, that we didn't really have room for dessert. Instead we got our desserts to go.On the way out, we stopped to take a peek at the bar and lounge. The decor was a combination of the tiki lounge and the mid-century modern influence of Hotel Valley Ho. It certainly looked like a great place to hang out for drinks with some friends. So, yes, I will definitely come back here if I'm ever in Scottsdale again.
2	I once went to a perhaps unsurprisingly now defunct Trader Vic's in Washington for happy hour and was impressed by neither the food nor the drinks - this is not that story.An almost empty restaurant (making our reservation comic relief) excluding the bustling bar area (slightly after the end of happy hour) on a holiday despite a well-decorated hall brimming with Tiki kitsch should have given us an indication, but since I was there for a family dinner with a picky family and this was already a compromise location, it was a bit late to change course(s), and among the goods for which we bartered were:- Cosmo Tidbits ($22): Enough fried and meaty flavors for three but nothing of note.- Lamb Curry (~$27): A flavorless cream of lamb soup that would have made Campbell's proud as a special? I have no idea what the chef was thinking with this.- Polynesian Snowball ($7): Coconut-encrusted vanilla with chocolate sauce done well.- Chocolate Macadamia Nut Torte ($8): Adequate, appropriately sweet, but forgettable.If I'd gone to Outback Steakhouse and paid commensurate prices, I would have been pleased with the results, and thus it might fare better for happy hour (despite a previous experience at another location) but for near Ruth's Chris costs I expect near flawless execution, especially on a special, the failure of which overshadowed the experience.I can't decide if Victor Bergeron (the real life Trader Vic) was any or all of the following:- A shrewd capitalist genius who traded pittances of mediocre food for large sums- A C team stock trader who went long on 25% odds based on our dining experiences- A victim of continued posthumous branding that has brought shame to his name- A one-hit wonderquack who never surpassed or fully channeled his Mai Tai "invention"However, I have decided that I am comfortable leaving this islander mystery unsolved.
4	Happy hour review, 50's pricing...I believe mon - wed 4-6 9 to closing. really cheap decent food, the duck tidbits were kinda of dry, but everything else was great. everything was priced from 1 to 3$. They have drink specials too that will put you on your ass after a couple. Really nice setting, upscale feel without feeling portentous.
4	Great happy hour...appetizers $1, $3, $5...deals on drinks, too.  Otherwise... pricey!
2	I had some visitors from corporate in town - one for our annual operations inspection, one to have a look at some of the tactical marketing we're developing in my region.  Anyway, they wanted to eat here so...Here we were at Traders Vics.  The atmosphere is nice, island themed opulence and texturally pleasing.  We were greeted very warmly and sat in the bar for cocktails and a snack before dinner.  The drinks were tasty.  The appetizer "tidbits for two" varied from good to uninteresting.We moved on to the dining room.  It was a Thursday night and the place was D ecidedly E mpty A nd D evoid (DEAD) of customers.  I tried one of the specials which was some sort of Thai inspired noodles with curry and some seafood and peanut and some mild pepper spiciness and...and...and...I frankly don't remember what it was supposed to be because it frankly wasn't anything.  Too many things going on, nothing made a big impression.  The other diners apparently chose better because 2/3 of them were happy with their dinner.  Wait, if there were 4 of us and I wasn't thrilled and only 2 of the other 3 diners were happy that means that 2 of the 4 or 50% of the diners were underwhelmed.  Now if Trader Vic's had been traveling north on a train at 75 mph and had 160 miles to travel...wait I think I just had a flashback to sixth grade math.  Ok, my bottom line impression of Trader Vic's - kind of cool atmosphere, interesting history (I think they were owned by Merv Griffin) and the food was average at a premium price.   Oh and the bathrooms were very nice.
4	Great dinner with a great friend last night!  We started with drinks in the bar - a Mai Tai and an Amarreto Sour - YUM!  Happily relaxed we wandered to our table where we began a delicous meal.  The restaurant wasn't crowded and we weren't rushed.  We started with the duck tidbits which were sweet and sour and crispy and fun.  They tasted great with the next round of Mai Tai's!  Our entrees were the curry chicken, which comes with all sorts of add-ons like currants and chutney and spices, and the duck mu shu, which was as luxurious and crispy as I had hoped for!  After another round of drinks we weren't sure we could handle dessert, but we shared a nice vanilla ice cream rolled in coconut and set in chocolate.  From about 8pm on there was a live band that was pretty good - they did a few covers that were really nice and it wasn't overwhelmingly loud.  I had leftover duck to bring home and my friend had leftover curry to bring home.   Pricey, but overall it was a delicous meal, delicious cocktails and a relaxing place to dine.
4	I LOVE the Trader Vic's at the Beverly Hilton so the only reason I'm deducting a star from this one is because....it's not that one. That one's better.  But this one is still good. I was (and still am) considering collecting the little birds that come with one of the more froufrou drinks (can't remember which one), and marking them with the location and date until I have one from every location.  That would probably be the most fun thing to collect ever. But enough of the personal life aspirations, on to the review.I almost don't want to say anything about the amazing happy hour because I'm afraid if word spreads too much it'll turn into Cafe Boa or basically any other place that has an amazing happy hour but only in the bar area so you end up packed like sardines in the eight foot space around the bar, while the rest of the restaurant is completely dead.  Seriously, why do places do that? It's really dumb.Their happy hour rocks my world.  Food priced between $1 and $3. And these aren't wimpy little hummus dishes or chips and salsa. We're talking a quarter pound burger on ciabbatta bread with sweet potato fries on the side for $2. And they have it til SEVEN and they have it on WEEKENDS! The weekend drink specials are different, i think it's a wine and beer selection, but during the week it's $6 select signature drinks including the famous Mai Tai and my fav, the Navy Grog. I'm not sure of the exact ingredients but it definitely comes with rock candy in it so that pretty much blows my mind right there.I've never been here besides for happy hour so I can't comment on the dinner dishes, but the happy hour food is good. The aforementioned burgers are actually really good! There's also crab rangoons, wings, spare ribs and a few other items.  We literally ordered "one of everything" once and our food bill was $18. Plus, I got to say "I'll take one of everything" which has kind of been a dream of mine for a while...To summarize: Like the food, love the drinks, really love the prices. Can't wait to go back.Oh I forgot to mention, all summer long they're doing half price bottles of wine Mon-Wed, all day.  It's like they can read my mind or something...
4	Love, love, love this place. Only gets 4 stars b/c the food is sort of pricey for what it is. The service is great, we even had our rehearsal dinner here and come back at least once a month. The staff remembers us and you can't beat the happy hour app specials.
2	This place is definitely overpriced for what it is. I knew it was expensive going in, but I thought the food would be much better. I am cool with paying 100 plus for 2 people for dinner if the food is very good, but that is not what I thought of my meal at Trader Vic's. I do think they have a cool drink menu and the ambiance is very different. It does feel as if you left Scottsdale when you are at this restaurant and went on vacation. I just wish the food was better for the price of this place.
3	It was a little tucked away but once I found Trader Vic's it was awesome. I had been to the one in Bellevue, WA before and liked the decor and vibe. This place was no different. Awesome with the masks, statues and whole Tahitian amosphere. A friend of mine was playing there so I went to see her band. They faced the dining room and were all in the dark. It was an odd place for the band since the bar part was packed and not so much the dining room. They didn'tj have Guinness which was a bummer but they also didn't have much of a beer selection aside from the Bud, Coors type standards. $7 for a beer was pricey I thought for Scottsdale. My friends had some yummy clam type soup and some generous portions for their entrees which they enjoyed. I had already eaten so I just drank. We tried a mixed drink that, the coke my friend had with his rum was flat and my ginger ale was flat too and tasted way too much like syrupy seven up. We sent them back but they came back tasting the same. I had asked the waiter to just bring me a shot of Captian Morgan neat but that ddn't happen. I would go back but perhaps try the happy hour for food as it was on the high side for dinner as were the drinks. The staff was nice and friendly. The drinks dept. get something that doesn't have soda with it.
4	It's the Tiki Room with Rum and less plumage.  A great way around the "higher prices" is to exploit the happy hour.  You are able to navigate several decent dishes, the better ones being the Duck and Ribs, at a price that won't affect your budget for your real trip to Tahiti.  Good ambiance even if most of the crowd is the cream of the superficial Scottsdale elite.The only real complaint is typically the service.  Maybe in their effort to recreate the easy going vibe of the Pacific they instructed their staff to minimize their efficiencies.  We waited nearly 20 minutes from the time the waitress took our credit card to the time she sauntered back to the table with it.  No significant worries as the place had mellowed us far beyond really caring.
3	Although the wait staff was friendly, and it is where the Mai Tai was conceived, I was not overly impressed.   Stepping into the tiki lounge was like what I could only imagine walking into Tommy Bahamma's living room would be like. Only it was  in the heart of Scottsdale.  The decor definitely met my expectations of a Polynesian luau doused in Rum, but the food lacked in creativity and inspiration.  The food wasn't bad by any means, but for what it was, it was definitely overpriced.  As for the Mai Tai, call me a sissy la-la if you would like, but that thing is STRONG!  And not the good kind of strong... almost undrinkable strong.   The Chi Chi, Mojito  or Peach Tree, are much more drinkable options. All in all, a visit to Trader Vics, reminded me of the hawaiian luau restaurant at Disneyland...  fun environment, so-so food and a hefty bill at the end of the night.
5	Best happy hour deal in Scottsdale. Excellent appetizers for $ 1, $ 2 or $ 3 served between 4 - 6 PM Monday to Sunday!!! Drink specials are depending on the day you go there. The day I went we had a selection of cocktails for $ 6. Originally we had planned to just stop by for a drink and some appetizers and then go somewhere for dinner but ended up staying there as the appetizers and the drinks were great (and cheap). Service was attentive and flawless and the server engaged us in casual conversation and told us about specials etc. Couple of minutes before the end of happy hour she came by to ask us if we would like to order something else before happy hour ended. We sat on the patio as the temps are finally pleasant again and the ambiance and atmosphere were great. Already looking forward to our next happy hour at Trader Vic's!!!
4	I've been to a couple of Trader Vic's locations, and this one measures up. It's hidden on the Hotel Valley Ho property, but thankfully, it's a totally separate venue. Awesome drinks list, and the happy-hour specials were unreal ($6 HUGE tiki drinks, sizeable appetizer plates from $1 to $3). Our server wasn't quick, but all the other staff were totally on their toes.If you go, the Suffering Bastard is a knock-out. Even more so than TV's famous mai tai!
4	I must admit, I've only been here for happy hour. However, I go for happy hour about twice a week. What can I say, when I find something I like--I stick to it. The happy hour changes daily. Sundays are my favorite--$5 glasses of wine, select speciality drinks, and specific appetizers are also offered at a reduced price. Thursday is ladies night (half off drinks for the girls all night). The drinks are expected--Trader Vic is famous for his rum concoctions and they are delish (and stroong). You can't go wrong with a Mai Tai but for something truly special, the Colonel's Big Opu is not to be missed. The food is what I crave though. The most expensive thing on the happy hour menu is $3. Sometimes, I order the whole kittencaboodle just to try and bit of it all. My faves are the hummus, crispy duck bits, and the burger (with sweet potatoe fries).  This is sort of an Old Town treasure than not many are hip to. I've never had a problem finding a seat and in general, most of the other patrons are staying in the  Hotel Valley Ho (next door). The lack of the 5th star stems from the often sluggish service. I'm never in a real hurry, but I often come starving and thirsty and I hate waiting for a server to have first contact. Once someone knows you're there, things unfold nicely.
2	we went to the happyhour at tv the prices are defenitly swingin $1,$2 and $3 apps the calamari was decent with a wasabi type dipping sauce portions are small but for the price decent. the duck tidbits were dry and unexciting the asian ribs were a nice portion and decent the best tasting app was the burger spicy toped w/slaw  and a $11 hearts of iceberg salad off the reg menu a few $11 martinis which for the price could have been a little more of a generous pour and one fruity cocktail for the wife and bam a $70 dollar bill. The setting is quite nice service was very friendly but a littlte laxed for as quite as it was.lots of other better places in the valley to go for cocktail hour
4	Went for happy hour Friday @ 4pm.  The place was nice and welcoming, we sat at the bar.  Drink specials for Fridays and Saturday's are $5 select Vodkas and one Rum.  I had two martini's, one dirty and one straight up, both were good.  The dirty could have been more dirty.  Husband got a mixed drink with the rum, still good. A little small, but I think the portions depend on what drink you order. Best just to ask the bartender and tell them what specifically you are looking for in a drink.  Food came out very quickly.  Ordered the Calamari, skip that one next time. The Maui Burger, great! It seemed as if it was made with a little bit of sausage, not a bad thing, a unique taste that was refreshing.  Spareribs, also good. Tender.  Catfish taco was the winner.  They only give you one, order more than one. Hands down though, best flavor of the night. Can't be beat for $2.  We ate for $9 total and drank for $21 dollars, we were done in about an hour. It was a good happy hour.
5	Great food & killer drinks. Crazy rum drinks in big bowls that make you feel like you're in the tropics. The food is unique and very tasty. Great place to take a date. Fire pit outside and a really nice covered patio.
4	Trader Vic's is all about quality cocktails, and this location doesn't disappoint..at least much. My first choice was a Raffles Bar Gin Sling, which they couldn't do. I've had this same problem before, TV's needs to remove the drink from the menu if none of the locations stock the necessary ingredients. Instead I had a Scorpion, followed by a Samoan Fog Cutter. The Scorpion was great, the Samoan Fog Cutter had too much ice and the ice was too tightly packed. I've had the drink before, so I know it calls for a lot of ice, but if you can barely get your straw in the drink then it's a problem. I tried other drinks in the group and they were all good. The Mai Tai, Trader Vic's Sling, Suffering Bastard.. It's just that my Samoan Fog Cutter could've been better, and it's annoying that they couldn't do the Raffles Bar Gin Sling.We were there on a Saturday afternoon so none of the classic drinks were on Happy Hour. And we had come from another restaurant, so we weren't really that hungry. We did get a couple items from the HH menu, I think we got the "Crispy Calamari", "Tomato Basil Bruschetta", and "Crispy Chicken". These were all fine considering the $1-3 price tag. The Bruschetta wasn't that impressive, but it was only $1, c'mon people.To sum up, Trader Vic's Scottsdale is a great spot. Would be even better during the weekday HH when most of the specialty drinks go down to $6 each. The location inside of Hotel Valley Ho is also appropriate, fits the TV aesthetic perfectly.
3	I have been anxiously awaiting my trip to Trader Vic's! I have driven past the place many times on my way to Scottsdale and always mention how I want to go. I finally did it... for a girl friends birthday. It was fairly dead, it was a Monday night mind you, but still, not much going on, it was kinda nice having the place virtually to ourselves, so we don't have to feel bad when we sang at the top of our lungs "Happy Birthday." We were there mainly for dinner so I was unable to par take in the oh so wonderful happy hour in the bar area only that I have hear so much about. Next time for sure though... stay tuned for an update!... The dining room is set up nicely, plenty of room so you don't feel like you are sitting on top of the table next to you. The server was very nice, explained the specials and the history for us quickly then left us to pick out some wine and entrees. PS: Sunday - Wednesday's are half priced bottles in the dining room! Heck yes! Everyone's food looked great. I shared the Passion Fruit Glazed Chicken and the Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahi-Mahi with a friend, we couldn't make up our minds. It was a great choice because both are fabulous! Other than the heated political conversation that sprouted up mid dinner, everything was great. I would like to give this place 4 stars but I would have liked it to have been a little bit busier and been able to get the fun happy hour drinks in the dining room. I will return and follow up and hopefully be able to add another. So, great place for dinner, but please leave political convos for a different time and place. The dinner table is not the place.
4	Carl's Junior talks about its five dollar burger.... Let's talk about Trader Vic's and its three dollar Maui burger with sweet potato fries during happy hour. All of the flavors melted together in perfect harmony.... the sweet potato fries were crinkled and perfectly salted.... Calamari was well liked (super light batter!!) Nice atmosphere and very accommodating hostess. If barrels of alcohol are your thing with long straws that could poke your eyes out then this is your mecca...I love their drink names and the fact there is little or no explanation of what they are (guessing game!)..... for us non alkies we had a coral reef which was like a coconut mango and strawberry smoothie.... a little sweet but everyone needs some sweetness in their lives... yes... it is a chain but considering we were low budgeting the food today it was a perfect way to end the day.
4	This review is for their Happy Hour.My friends and I were winding down Saturday evening and thought Trader Vic's would be a great place to have a drink.  We sat outside in the lovely patio surrounded by bamboo and a crazy looking tiki in the corner that looked like he had been scared half to death.  Still, it was a nice relaxing setting.  Our server was very accomadting and immediatly brought to our attention that we had 20 more minutes left for Happy House.  SCORE!  Quickly we looked over the menu and she took our orders.  At $3 and $5 per dish the appetizers are a steal!!  Their signiture drinks are not Happy Hour prices but there is something for everyone on the menu.  One of my friends had the burger with sweet potato fries and said it was awesome.  The rock shrimp and crispy chicken skewers were very good too.  The prices here cannot be beat.  All in all it was a lovely way to end the day....but wait.....Happy Hour starts again at 9pm.....hmm......should I stay or should I go......
4	I went back on this trip for the happy hour. It's twice a night, every night, from 4 to 6 and 9 to 11. Appetizer specials are $1, $2, or $3, and a few drink specials are also available.Our group enjoyed relaxing on the lanai, sipping our drinks underneath the tiki torches, bamboo, and heat lamps. Amongst the six of us, we ordered the Maui burger, Chinese spareribs, popcorn shrimp, calamari, and chicken skewers. I thought my spareribs were excellent and meaty, but Vicky T. really won with her $3 Maui burger. Somehow our group passed on the frou-frou tropical drinks that Trader Vic's is famous for, but we were all content with our cocktails. Even the teetotalers were happy with their fruit concoctions. Sadly, I forgot to try a Drunken Geisha (next time, I promise to remember, Brian S.).We arrived shortly before happy hour ended, but our waitress was great at getting our order in on time. As we relaxed with the good food, good drinks, and good company, we joked about hanging out until happy hour started up again at 9. Next time, we surely will.
4	Getting here for some reason was such a challenge! We kept going around in circles before we were greeted by valet at Trader Vic's!Me and my friends got seated right next to the famous wood fired oven. Major plus! I was amused the whole night while drinking fruity drinks with umbrellas/parrots/you name it! Not a fan of mai tai's to begin with but I did try it since it is home of the original mai tai. Still not a fan but that's just personal preference as my friend got a refill. The rock candy drink is also really good! Their drinks menu is VERY extensive...and oh-so-appealing! Portion sizes are very filling. I had the Hawaiian butterfish w/ steamed rice, daikon slaw and truffled yam vinaigrette. And yes, you can really taste the difference by the fish being cooked in the Asian wood fired oven. The pecan and oak woods add such a great flavor. End the night with a "snowball"! Coconut shavings over vanilla ice cream! Great atmosphere, great food, great drinks = a great time! Definitely will return when I'm in the area!
5	Brought my boyfriend here because I found the groupon on groupon.com to come here.  (Cheap?  yes, but who isn't?)Anyways, we ordered the pupu sampler platter with the shrimp, crab rangoons, and char-siu and it was delicious.  The shrimps were pretty big.  The rangoons were actually kinda small, but still very tasty.  The char-siu was also really good.For dinner, I had the bacon-wrapped scallops and my boyfriend had the macadamia mahi mahi and he enjoyed his meal very much and I loved my scallops.  The bok choy and rice it came with though was a little too buttery, but after the pupus and scallops, I was too full for it anyways.  For dessert, we split the kona coffee cheesecake and it was gooooood.They have "complimentary" valet parking but if you are lucky, you can also find street parking around there.  The ambience is awesome and if I lived near there, their happy hour specials look great!  (I'm basing that off the sign about it I saw outside the restaurant).  We were asked at least 3 times how our meals were, so you can tell they really want you to talk to them about how it is.  Good thing or too many interruptions?  Little bit of both.  I'd still come here again.
2	After all the hype from friends and coworkers surrounding Trader Vic's I just had to try it. Walking in, it instantly exuded that old-school Polynesian feel. I thought I was in for a treat. The drink menu was extensive, as other reviewers point out, and the drinks that everyone at the table chose were excellent. However, the rest of the dining experience left much to be desired.I ordered the Crispy Duck, which was pointed out by the waitress, and the special location on the menu, that it was a signature item. Sorry, but I have had duck more tender and with more flavor at a street corner Asian supermarket in Los Angeles.After dinner, I handed the ticket to the valet, only to have him bring back a car that was the same color as mine, but not my car. They had to ask me to identify my set of keys. Very unprofessional.Good thing we were with great company that evening, because although the environment was cool, and fostered great conversation, the amount of satisfaction in my stomach did not nearly make up for the dent to the pocketbook.
4	Went to an event there last evening, their walu is to die for, fresh and delicious, not to mention their selections of different maitais, i will definitely suggest this place for an evening night out for happy hour.
4	I went to Trader Vic's for a Foodies Like Us event this week. It was great! We got to try a few of their appetizers and some of their Mai Tai's. The happy hour menu is great. They have some dishes that start at $1. I will definitely be back!
4	Hey Sean (3/29) we had the same valet! Yes, a little tricky to find. Went there for the first time last night, thanks to reviews here! Had just left a tequila tasting, so we didnt do any Mai Tais-next time. Wife had the pink Cactus Bloom (recommended by waiter Steve) with tequila and brandy, which she loved. Then appetizer Crab Rangoon, which was delicious with the slightly sweet/slightly hot dipping sauce. Also complimentary breads and balsalmic vinegar, um,um. Ordered the Jumbo Sea Scallops with risotto-very tasty, but the scallops didnt appear that "jumbo"!. Risotto with mushrooms very creamy and deliciious, didnt leave any behind. Also had Macadamia nut encrusted Mahi mahi. Substituted risotto for the potatoes, which was indeed a smart call. TV provided their Polynesian Snowball since it was my birthday. Nice touch. Thanks Steve, Natalie, and TV's.
5	Okay, I'm not usually a 5-star critic, since every dining experience can be improved a bit somewhere. But with the return of Trader Vic's special Chefs dinners the chef Justin Pfeilsticker (had to look that one up), outdid himself. Incredible.Last night's dinner showcased Cruzan Rum drinks and the chef's challenge, working with the sponsoring mixologist, is to coordinate the 4 courses with the 4 special drinks. Dinner and drinks where $65 plus we could keep tabs on the Suns in playoffs in the bar. In the end, I was kicking myself for not gathering all of my foodie friends to join me - they would have been in heaven.Lobster, crab and grouper cocktail to start, paired with a classic daiquiri that was perfectly balanced. Second course; chicken and morel mushrooms (amazing) with black-eyed peas - matched with an amazing black raspberry rum cocktail. Okay, I admit, I had to lick the plate. There was no way I was letting that reduction sauce go to waste.Third course was absolutely prefect, fresh scallops and a sweet potato polenta with another incredible pineapple/butter sauce. Paired with a spiced rum mango cocktail that was smooth, not too sweet and really interesting.Dessert was a crisp bread pudding with a bit of rum gelato and matching sauce. Not too much and not heavy, but just enough sweet to finish the meal. The cocktail was a whipped coconut creme. Delightful.Now my experience with Trader Vic's Chef's dinners is that they aren't planned that far in advance (whereas the Hotel Valley Ho's Zu Zu dinners are more consistent - and also very good). So getting a seat at the next dinner may require a bit of research. According to the manager, they would like to host one monthly through the summer and they try to limit the seating to about 60 to keep the food quality as high (and I suppose the drinks as cold). Since I recognized a number of faces from last year's chef's dinners - there seems to be a good following of insiders. And at this price for incredible, interesting and very special food (you should have seen the morels and fresh scallops) with all the drinks - it's a wonder there isn't a waiting list a mile long.So 5-stars. No question.
5	Just the facts re: full dinner experience:Ambiance: Thinking about redecorating the house to look just like Trader Vic's - unbelievable.Service: perfectly charming, informative and attentive.Drinks: I don't drink, so read every other review for a review of drinks.Appetizer: Beef Cho-Cho - amazingly tender, it melts in your mouth. Great flavor.Dinner: Trader Vic's Calcutta Curries: good & better when you mix in the variety of garnishes.  fun to play around with the flavors.Dinner 2: Chinese BBQ Flat Iron Steak: Amazing.  Crispy onions, mashed potatoes and tender/flavorful steak will make you close your eyes and wish it would never end.Dessert: (don't know the name) vanilla icecream covered in coconut on a bed of chocolate sauce: simple, beautiful and tasty. Overall experience: the best darn dinner experience I've ever had.
4	based on the happy hour its a decent place. 4-6pm daily and i think a reverse happy hour as well. sunday is when the draft beer is flowin for $3 a pint (kiltlifter and stella) which is the best time i would like to go. i went on a friday and had a couple $5 rum drinks. the hh food menu is the key. $1, $2, $3 items. i had the maui burger w/sweet potato fries for $3. very good. the ladies seem to enjoy this place as well as they come flocking in when hh starts.
2	Less than impressed.  Loved the happy hour prices, but the food was mediocre.  Except for the pulled pork sliders...those were delish!  The drinks were good, but the tiki mug offerings were disappointing.  The redeeming feature was that it was within walking distance to our hotel room. Would only go back for the convenience factor to the Valley Ho.
3	Food was good, service was attentive... what more do you need?  Well, considering I was on a business trip and dining alone it would have been nice if I had been seated in an area around other people instead of at the back of the restaurant with no other tables in sight.  I guess that's what I get for mentioning that I heard the place had great ambiance (the whole polynesian theme) and requesting a table where I could check everything out.  Head's up - that table is located next to a large window overlooking the corner of Indian School Rd and 69th St... nothing to see here, keep moving people.Like I mentioned the service was good and the dining room attendant that consistently filled my water told me that on the weekends they have a live band and it was really fun.  I had the Lettuce Wrap and the Vegetable Casserole, both on the appetizer list.  The Lettuce Wraps were delish and were topped with these great little super thin cut sweet potato fries.  Wish I had asked for an extra side of those!My only other issue is that the Soft Bahia (non alcoholic pineapple-coconut drink) that I ordered was filled with 3/4 ice.  Who needs that much ice?  I would rather have more liquid in my glass for $6.Next time I stay at Hotel Valley Ho I would certainly come back here but I will be more selective when it comes to seating and the drink I order.
4	During a "last hooray" weekend for my friend Emily who is about to tie the knot in September, we celebrated her remaining days as a single girl with a bachelorette party in Scottsdale. We spent the weekend at the Valley Ho in the rooms and at the pool and on Saturday night, we planned a "small" dinner for 12 at Trader Vics. And since it was a large group, we decided to go with a pre-set menu to avoid a payment debacle. When we arrived, the restaurant was hopping with guests -- half of whom I'm pretty sure sauntered over from the pool party earlier that day, another large group enjoying HH pricing at the bar and then a group of regular dinner-goers. They seated us right away at our table right by the window. The moment we sat, the wine began to flow and from that moment forward, we never saw the bottom of our glasses ever again. Our pre-set menu started with a Cesar Salad, followed by our choice of Kung Pao Chicken or Ginger Beef and the it was topped off with a Polynesian Snowball. So the Cesar Salad was pretty darn good. It probably had more dressing than normal, but it was good enough that I didn't care. It had a load of garlic though and considering we were going out after, that wasn't so ideal for our group. I went with the Kung Pao Chicken which had an incredibly spicy kick to it, but was really good. Full of veggies, very spicy chicken and a side of rice, it left me really (almost too) full. The snowball was rolled in coconut and topped with chocolate. It was pretty tasty if you like coconut. The entire experience was a lot of fun for our group. The meal was seamless and the menu was great for a group. Starting at 8 pm, they had live music in the bar and I noticed they are celebrating their anniversary with some pretty sweet 1950's pricing HH specials, so I definitely plan on finding my way back soon enough.
4	Yay! I got to try the happy hour finally! They even had a sweet band playing in the dinning room, great ambiance. On 4th of July weekend the girls and I got a room at the Valley Ho and ventured over to Vic's for some much need food around happy hour time. The fun drinks were totally wroth it! I got the burger on the HH menu, it was sooo yummy, huge and came with a bunch of fries and was only $3. Crazy right?! We were pretty tired so we couldn't stay long, but next time I want to try the calamari, hummus and other fun drinks.
2	Missed happy hour so we sat in the "lounge" at 6:15 for some appetizers. Crab rangoon was tasty, as were the ribs. The sauces to dip them in were bad - hot mustard was too nasaly and the cocktail sauce was just that. Service was nothing to write home about until we tried to use our Groupon and were told we needed to be in the dining room to use it. Since we spent over $50 sitting 5 feet away from the dining room this left a sour taste in my mouth. I thought the idea of using the Groupon program was to get new customers into the restaurant? Unfortunately for them, I'll flush the $ I spent on the groupon itself because I can't make it back there before it expires (next week) and no one at the restaurant/bar/lounge/non-dining-room thought it was important to fill me in on this. Funny... I couldnt tell the difference between the dining room or the "lounge" because for one, there were tables in both sections. For two, both sections were empty, so what the hell does it matter where I sit? Good job Trader Vic's - your Future Sales Prevention Program was a great success today!***IN RESPONSE TO MANAGEMENT'S COMMENTS BELOW - I did not GO to the BAR during the HAPPY HOUR I went during OFF HOURS and paid FULL PRICE for a plate of fried vittles. GAH.
3	Overrated. Overpriced. I had a groupon, so because of that our bill didn't seem that expensive. We got the sampler appetizer that came with crab puffs, spareribs, bbq char siu pork, and fried prawns. We really liked the fried prawns and the red dipping sauce, which kinda tasted like cocktail sauce + ketchup. I got the maple duck breast and my sister got the butterfish. Tasted good, but I think for a more fancy Hawaiian place, I prefer to eat at Roy's if my entree is going to be over $25. The lady next to us got the half duck mu shu wrap which I was debating to get, but it looked really dry. The service is good there though, so I liked that. Probably wouldn't go here again unless I had another groupon, but it's good to try at least once. The ambience of the place seems good for a romantic meal, but it was a little dark so I got sleepy. Bathrooms are cool. There's a little totem mask tissue paper dispenser thing that had the paper coming out of the dude's nose hehe.
4	Note: Review is JUST for the happy hour!I can't believe how cheap the food on the happy hour menu is-$3 for a regular sized burger? And it comes with sweet potato fries? While the fries weren't very abundant, they were tasty, as was the burger. The calamari was perfect-light and crisp and not greasy at all, but the portion was tiiiiiny. I mean, it was only a couple bucks, so what can you expect? But it was great even if it was small. Crispy chicken skewers were basically chicken nuggets served with a sweet/spicy sauce, and they were juicy and yummy.Cucumber salad was alright, nothing to write home about, but a nice light dish to add to the mix of heavier ones. My drink was the highlight of the evening, though it was at least twice the price of every food item ordered combined. I couldn't find a drink that stood out to me on the extensive cocktail list, but when I flipped to the back page I noticed their nonalcoholic beverages, one of which caught my eye. It had strawberries, mango, and coconut cream. I asked if I could add rum to it, and they said no problem. When I got the bill, it was $13-the price of drinks where I live, NYC. The price would really not be an issue if every single other drink on the entire drink menu didn't go above $10. I get that you have to ring in the drink I ordered, then "add rum", but I thought it was silly to charge that much when it had just as much alcohol and fruit as other beverages on the menu. It should be noted that while happy hour pricing applies to food, it DOES NOT APPLY TO DRINKS! There are like two drinks that are available under the happy hour umbrella, and the happy hour drink menu makes it appear that there are more. Two people in my party ordered specific beers because they were listed at $3, but when the bill came they were more. Read the fine print, just as a heads up!The atmosphere was fun, and there aren't too many tiki-style places around these parts, so points for originality. Our server was a little distracted and seemed to want to be elsewhere, but the host JK was incredibly welcoming and kind. I would consider going back again for happy hour food, and maybe one drink, but more than that is out of my budget!
3	Another bar/happy hour review here, but this one has to say that it wasn't as tremendous as some have implied. First off, great happy hour specials like this are hard to find. $1, $2, and $3 food menu plus daily drink specials are hard to beat. Unfortunately, it's extremely inconsistent and the food just wasn't that good. My $3 order of Pork Ribs was a generous portion of tasty (though tough as hell) ribs covered in a sweet glaze. Meanwhile, the $3 order of pork slider is just that, slider (not plural) and was about 1/4 of what came on the ribs order. Why not two sliders? the $2 queso dip was more generous as well. Whatever. All of the quality was decent, about what I'd expect for happy hour food, but not up to snuff when I eat at a place with $30+ entrees on the menu. We ordered one of the giant drinks sharable with two people, the Tiki Bowl. It was tasty enough, but the one thing I noticed is the bartender being VERY careful not to overfill the jigger when pouring. He poured everything just shy of the top of the jigger. C'mon!
4	Great food and great staff. All Happy Hour food is $1 $2 or $3 for full size portions. Also $3 draft beers and half price specialty drinks.
3	My experience at Trader Vics was just during happy hour but it was worth stopping by. The food prices on the happy hour menu are insanely cheap, and if you go on "ladies night" on Thursday, there is another menu for the ladies to choose from and the guys to help enjoy. The food was great for the price without a doubt, but the trade off is that the drinks aren't cheap at all, and that's where they get you, especially with their specialty island drinks. The specialty drink menu is awesome with all kinds of choices, but although very tasty, they are expensive ($8-$12) and I would have liked to see them be just a bit larger for how much they cost. My favorite drink that day: the Singapore Symphony (even though it came in a horribly gaudy pink mug), and our fave foods: the pork sliders hands down with the crab wontons deserving an honorable mention. Although, the burger with the sweet potato fries is by far the best value.
5	When I think of Trader Vic's, I think Mojito. They shake up the best Mojito I've ever tasted. I crave their Mojitos almost daily... especially when it's 110+ outside. Refreshing, bubbly, minty, sweet and cool, I let out an "ahhhhhhhh" with every sip.Since Trader Vic's is so close to my casa, I'm a happy hour regular. You'll find me waiting at their door on a weekend at 3:50 p.m. saying "open, open, open". Happy hour at Trader Vic's is held daily (whoo hoo!) from 4-6pm and then again from 9-11pm. Their 1950's style pricing fits my budget ever so nicely. I'm absolutely addicted to their $3 calamari, the wasabi ajoli sauce that comes with it is delish! My bf loves to make a meal out of the Oven Roasted Maui Burger, also only $3 during happy hour, and this burger is HUGE! I also recommend the roasted garlic hummus $2 and crispy chicken skewers $3... scrum-diddily-umptious!As far as regular sit down dinner goes, I'm a huge fan of sea creatures and Trader Vic's knows how to serve em up right. The wood-fired Hawaiian butterfish literally melts like butter in my mouth. The Rock Shrimp Calcutta Curry and Macadamia Crusted Mahi are pricey menu choices.... but so worth the extra $$$ for a splurge.The 50s vibe, outdoor patio & friendly waiters make Trader Vic's even better. Once I walk in the doors it feels like I'm on vacation... add in a Mojito, fresh fish, and I'm one happy Islander!
4	This review is only for the Sunday happy hour, and I was only here for like an hour, but I really liked what I saw and wanted to write a review. I couldn't leave AZ without getting one last drink in my system. Seriously. A couple friends of mine who I didn't get to see much of on a recent weekend trip to Scottsdale wanted to see me one last time before I left and a couple hours before I needed to get to the airport we met up at Trader Vic's since they have Sunday happy hour. I had heard a lot of great things about Trader Vic's happy hour and I've always wanted to stop in when visiting the folks, but it seems like something always comes up or someone always suggests someplace else when I'm in town. From what I understand the Sunday happy hour is a little bit different from the weekly happy hour in that it goes from 4-9 pm (or maybe it starts even earlier? I forget.) and there's a different drink menu (there's about 6 or 7 specialty drink for $6 plus $5 wine specials and $3 pints of Stella and another beer...I believe Blue Moon but don't quote me on that). The same AWESOME/CHEAP food menu (2 & 3 bucks for several appetizers) still applies. Anyway, I had been drinking all weekend and wanted something fruity & refreshing so I got some sort of raspberry cooler. Honestly, I can't remember all that was in it, but it was delicious! My friend got a mint julep w/Maker's Mark, which I tasted and loved it as well! We weren't planning on eating anything, but we figured since everything was cheap, why not? We got the bruschetta (it had pesto, which added a kind of creamy texture that I LOVED) & the hummus, which was tasty as well. I like the atmosphere at Trader Vic's, and the band they have playing near the entrance adds a cool vibe. We sat at the bar and the two guys tending there were cool as well. Next time I'm in AZ I'll be back to Trader Vic's for a happy hour...I wanna try a burger and sweet potato fries!
4	This review is specifically for my experience at Trader Vic's last night (a Saturday night) for Happy Hour (4pm - 7pm).My wife and I and two friends had a great time!  We spent the Happy Hour in their outdoor bar area - so cool - which is slightly shaded and very calming.  The apps were tasty, especially for their low, low prices, and my wife really liked her  vodka cocktail on special.  They didn't have any beers on special, but I had a draft Stella anyway.Neither of us cared much for the fried calamari, but it wasn't bad, just not our style.  Everything else - the edamame, mini-burger, and sweet potato fries - was awesome.  Oh, and speaking of awesome, so was the service.  The waitress was friendly and helpful, and the bussers were very attentive!We will be back for Saturday's Happy Hour again soon.
3	Great menu for restaurant week last month, but honestly not the least bit exciting in the food department (I had a boring salmon dish, my wife had a boring overcooked and over-seasoned steak with mashed potatoes).  I felt that we got a decent enough value for our price, paying more for the classic tiki ambiance than anything else, but I don't think I'd return ever again to order off of the regular menu.  *Note on value: awesome half-off wine list.That said, the after dinner coffee cocktail I tried was a solid standout from the bar (and this place is primarily known for its bar), and the coconut desert thing they served was pretty tasty as well.  *Note about dessert: had it cost anything extra, I wouldn't have ordered it -- I never get dessert when I go out -- so at least I got the chance to try something different and enjoy it, I suppose.But the service.....  Thankfully our server was totally cool.  When I first called the restaurant with a question prior to arrival, the guy who answered was a total jerk and so he got jerkiness in return.  I was in a much better mood upon meeting up with my wife and a couple of good friends when I got there, though, so I let it go.Then, throughout our dinner, we kept hearing the sound of crashing plates and glasses from the bussers (pretty sure this was a record for broken dishes outside of a Greek celebration or a fight) -- not too disruptive, but also kind of uninspiring albeit slightly comical.And for the grand finale, as we were about to leave, the chef came out to meekly say hello to his tables.  This did not seem like the kind of chef who likes to be out in front of the public, which is fine by me, but it's probably required by corporate.  So it seemed awkward -- I felt bad for the guy.All in all, it was a pretty good night, but I wouldn't particularly blame Trader Vic's for it.  They were just good enough.
2	Wandered in here for an impromptu dinner on a Monday night. The exaggerated Polynesian ambiance was fun, complete with Tiki salt & pepper shakers. Our booth was comfortable and our waitress was friendly. Seemed to me, however, that they put more love into the setting than into the food. We both ordered hot drinks--Black Stripe hot rum and a rum-coffee drink--and they tasted watered down, despite the cool porcelain skull cups and cinnamon stick they were served with. The veggie curry I ordered looked pretty, but was poorly seasoned. I've tasted frozen curry meals with more flavor. My friend ordered a veggie noodle bowl; it, too, was bland to the point that you could get better at, say, a mall food court. I think you need to know what to order at Trader Vic's to make the ambiance pay off. While I was impressed with the presentation of the food and the entire place, the food itself, the part I truly prize, was no bueno. Won't be coming back here unless on Happy Hour bender with friends, when I can sample the entire drink menu.
2	We went here for our Anniversary yesterday, our first time to Trader Vic's.  Overall I was not impressed.  We had the Crab rangoons as an app and I found it very strange that they were served with a plate of mustard and seafood sauce, kind of weird.  I had the Passionfruit glazed chicken, which while tasty, barely had any chicken and for what it was, priced way too high.  My wife had the macadamia nut crusted mahi, the fish was very good, the brocolini cooked perfect, but the mashed potatoes were pasty and had a bitter sour aftertaste.  Desert wasn't any better, the bread pudding was dry and rubbery and obviously microwaved and the Snowball, come on 8 bucks for a scoop of ice cream rolled in coconut?    Service was horrid, we felt neglected waiting for drinks and food and then rushed once our meal came.  Some kid brought us salads we never ordered and then our waitress tried to take them to the right table only to upset the people at that table (they could see the salads at our table first).  The same kid tried to deliver our app to the same table instead of us.  Waitress kept asking us if we were done and then brought the check without asking if we wanted dessert first.  The place wasn't even busy and it felt like they were trying to turn the table.  We enjoyed ourselves in spite of the food and service, because we had each other.  I would rate one star higher, but for the price I expect so much more.  Not worth it at half the price.  I will only go back if it is someone else's choice, it won't be mine.
2	Alright, so I am somewhat conflicted writing this review and giving it only two stars, here's why: I am from the Bay Area, Cali and just moved down here. In SF and Emeryville Trader Vic's is known for being a classy cool spot to go get good food and even better drinks in a funky environment. I have always loved Trader Vics and it has been one of my fav spots in the Bay for a while. Which leads me to the Scottsdale Trader Vic's which is basically at the Valley-Ho. Having just moved to Scottsdale I thought this would be a fun place to take a date, now wishing I would have chosen somewhere else. This is a nontraditional Trader Vic's, typically known for their dark lighting and borderline tacky decor, this Trader Vic's looks like it belongs in a shopping mall. Really open and not very much decoration and on a Saturday night you could shot a cannon through the place. I ordered their famous Mai Tai which is usually awesome, but sucked, hardly any booze, wayyy too heavy on the lime. OK scratch the fun drinks, I get a bottle of wine with some disappointment as my dates drink also sucked. Service was OK, not great... couple slip ups here and there, like pouring regular tap water into my glass of 1/2 full of bubbly water that was 8 bucks, then pouring me another one and trying to sneak a 2nd bottle onto my tab, busted. They redeemed themselves quite a bit by taking off one of our entrees (the duck, which was disgusting, dry, and tasteless) from the tab after she had said it was terrible. The food in general was disappointing. In SF, Trader Vics has a poignant menu and a variety of different types of beef/seafood/chicken/wok. Not really the case at this one. I don't eat seafood so I was expecting to see my favorite Peppercorn NY Strip on the menu, not there. Basically if you don't eat seafood you have to pick from the duck (which was terrible), the beef tenderloin (what I ordered, was reasonable but wickedly overpriced at like $34) or another grilled chicken dish. The mashed potatoes were cold, the spare rib appetizer looked like it could have been served at Chili's (not a compliment) and in general the whole culinary experience was a disaster... as if that weren't enough then I got my tab... holy shit, i thought cost of living was cheaper down here, guess not at Trader Vics.... In general 2 thumbs down for SCOTTSDALE Trader Vic's, although I will maintain patronage to the SF ones as long as they don't head down this path....
3	I've been here twice now and had a pleasant experience both times though it was far from outstanding.  The building is very unique with an interesting Pacific Island theme running throughout.  They specialize in rum based drinks and have some pretty tasty ones on the menu - go for the mojito or mai tai. My last visit was on a Saturday night and they had a valet, which I hate, even though they have a private lot.I've only been later at night and have taken advantage of their late night appetizer discounts.  The food served is good not great and the service is a bit on the slow side, especially when it comes to getting drinks.  Be patient though, they're very tasty.
5	I will preface this review by stating that it is an evaluation of the bar portion of this establishment. I have yet to actually eat in the restaurant or even wander through it. With that said.....AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME!I had a very pleasant evening at this Hotel Vally Ho adjacent watering hole. The service was fast and friendly, offering suggestions and reviews. I indulged in a burger on the Happy Hour menu that was absolutely delicious. It came on flat bread with a melt in your mouth cheese accent and sweet potato fries to top it off. A definite winner in my book. My indulgences did not end there..... I introduce you to the swizzle. Long Island-esk in nature, its a delicious, refreshing, and quite a bang for your buck drink. The perfect economically savvy choice to start your evening whether you are hitting the town hard or simply plan on wetting your whistle with one drink. I want to make special note of the entertainment provided by the live band that plays every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday night from 8pm-11pm. They are a phenomenal trio that provide the bar with a fun and hip vibe. If you have a song in mind, it is likely they can provide. They are open to requests and love interacting with the crowd. You also don't feel overwhelmed by the music due to the open air facility and conversation is actually possible, unlike many other live band bars. My first experience with this bar only left me searching for anyone and everyone I could drag along with me to share in the experience. Can't wait to go again!
4	I love Trader Vics! I have been to several locations and it is ALWAYS a great time. The atmosphere is great, the drinks superb and the food spectacular! Their happy hour can't be beat and their outdoor seating area is super sexy.Service is always friendly and the crowd is pretty cool.Great place for dinner or just some cocktails! So put on your heels ladies..its Tiki time :)Enjoy!XOXO
5	One of my favorite places to hit happy hour in Old Town. This along with the adjacent Cafe ZuZu at the hotel are great places to show friends from out of town. The whole hotel is vintage and Trader Vics is a polynesian paradise. Food is comforting but eclectic. Ambiance is awesome.
4	Although I've never eaten in the dining room, I am a regular at the bar, and have a great time every time!  The bartenders and cocktail waitresses are always so nice, and the band on weekends is super entertaining.  I always know I can come here and have a relaxing night out in a dimly lit atmosphere with good bar food.  Maybe I'll go there tonight :)
4	This is a our favorite "special night out spot".  Best Mai Tai ever but don't be afraid to ask the bar tender for a new specialty drink. He loves his job :)The Maple Leaf Duck is melt in your mouth yum!
2	Somewhere between and two and a three.  The food is not good.  There is a happy hour and a reverse happy hour.  the price points are good.  $6.00 dollar drinks, $5.00 apps.  Problem is, nothing tastes very good.  the presentation is beautiful.  the restaurant is beautiful.  there is even a live band that is pretty good (except everything sounds like dave matthews), its just that the food is made to be non-offensive.  the salad with green goddess dressing, tastes like iceberg with mayonnaise.  the fried calamari is crispy but needs some realy dipping sauce other than the same green goddess type dressing.  The char siu bao is just gross.  The burger is decent and comes with some sweet potato fries.  had some duck cubes that were just cubes of protein that looked like they were dipped in hoisin sauce.  the desserts and tiki drinks fared better.  Stick with Maitais or hot buttered rum.  All of the drinks are sweet concoctions, but they claim to have invented the Mai Tai, and the hot buttered rum comes in a fun tiki glass. the desserts however were great.  Pineapple upside down cake, Snowall (vailla icecream, coconut shavings and chocolate sauce) and bread pudding were all top notch.  Took us $60.00 bucks to get out of there for two for happy hour so it still adds up.  hit or miss, better off going to Hulas.
2	Ever Yelped so much you forgot if you Yelped about a place or not?  Well lucky me -- I forgot about this place, then again maybe for good reason.  For all the hype and cool designs -- the food really didn't match.  I ordered some curry and chicken - it was okay, but I was really hungry so maybe that's why it was okay.  The plating was nice, but maybe that's how they get you!  How about the price?  Extremely pricy for what you get -- I get more excited paying to gas up my car!  Okay the ambience is pretty cool - the Polynesian style decors are nice and fun.  Service? Well we had a large group and I can never understand this, but when you're a waiter; you should prepare for large and small groups.  I was a damn fine waiter in my times and I was always ready to rock!  I won't say they didn't do a good job, but --- they didn't do a good job -- :) I lied!  - Enjoy!
5	My husband surprised me for Valentines Day and we went for dinner. The atmosphere is refreshing and engaging. The live band was fantastic as was our waitress and all her little helpers. Then the food came.... WOW! SO delicious! We loved everything we tried from the pupu's and tidbits to the amazing entree and the mouth watering red velvet cake for dessert. A nice adult place for dinner where we were still able feel comfortable in jeans and enjoy delicious food and great music.
5	The Calcutta Curried Chicken Wings are the best wings I've ever had in my entire life!Great service, great food, great prices, this is my favorite spot in Scottsdale. I was reluctant to write a reviewon this place because I don't want everyone to know about it, haha.The bartenders are great, they really know their drinks, and make some the best drinks in the valley! I mean good tasting drinks, not frosty beers, not stiff rum and cokes. They are true masters of their craft, they are balanced well.
5	Happy happy hourBoth drinks and food, blew us away at this little gem. We had a great time. Staff is great, decor is very tastefully done. Perfect little getaway. loved it. try this sometimeHave fun
5	We just went for happy hour - great drinks, nice decor and very friendly bar staff.   The Mai Tai and Suffering Bastard are both killer and our bartender kept giving us tastes of other drinks too.Only slight downside is that one of the happy hour apps were curried chicken wings that just smelled awful whenever anyone near us got an order of them.
2	The only thing good about this place is the neat cocktail glassware.  We were there for a private birthday party, and the only reason we even got to taste the food is because others at the table shared. It took a minimum of 20 mins (every time) to get a cocktail, hours to get food, and the place was empty! The servers were rude and obviously not there to please the customer. Although the couple of items we tasted were good, it's extremely over priced, the service is horrible, and the menu selection is scarce at best. I'm an AZ native, and although this restaurant has been here longer than me, we won't be back!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in the area.  Went for an anniversary and the general manager personally set up a tasting menu.  It was the best service I have ever received, and the food was outstanding as always.  The duck and the beef tenderloin are excellent.  Don't forget the coconut sorbet and maybe a mai tai.  Highly recommend.
5	Awesome dining experience! Great staff, Great food, Great experience!!! The environment is so relaxing and classy I would definitely recommend Trader Vic's to anyone! Oh... Reverse happy hour has amazing specials on drinks and food!!!
5	Trader Vic's has a rockin happy hour.  The food is great, the drinks are tasty, and hilariously large if you get that one in the barrel.  Our server was great, had good recommendations, and kept cracking jokes.  All around a good time, plus, the tropical/island theme...what's not to love.
5	One of the best happy hours for food in town. Try the Maui Burger--it's different, excellent, and definitely a steal for $5 (it comes with a good portion of sweet potato fries too). I think that we've sampled everything off of the happy hour menu (which has been so good that we've never found it necessary to go during non-happy hour times) and have always been pleased.
4	A great "special occasion" place, the service is impeccable, the drinks are wonderful.  Happy Hour all day Sunday with $5 appetizers.  Try the curry wings, awesome.  Dinner also very good, exquisite salmon with plenty left for lunch tomorrow!
1	So so sad....nothing like the Trader Vic's from days gone by.... Food is meh.  FIrst mai tai ok but the second comped one (thanks to Yelp check in) I swear had zero alcohol. Seriously.  TV, don't play the game if you're gonna cheat.  Won't be back.
4	I came here last night for happy hour.  They have happy hour from 3-6 p.m. and a reverse happy hour from 9-12.  I heard that they are closing down this location of Trader Vics, and I think they are going to redesign and renovate to a different theme.I got a chance to try almost everything from the happy hour menu, and everything was delicious.  The highlights were ceviche, sweet potato fries, mango pineapple cocktail, and mai tai.  The appetizers are $5 and well made drinks are $6.I would recommend coming here again, but only problem is that it will be closed soon...
5	We LOVE this Trader Vics! We come here everytime we are in town. Unfortunately, it is closing after dinner service on Saturday July 30-so you better rush on over there! :(
1	The end is near. Went for one last hurrah before closing.  Love westroc and their products but the thrill is gone from tv.
4	I constantly crave the Vodka Mai Tai.  It is so good, they use almost crushed ice to make it so it is SO cold and so easy to drink! Especially great during happy hour for $6.  It's STRONG, I'm good with just one, so it's not too much for me.The ceviche was really yummy.  I was sharing but I wanted it all for myself.  I had the hummus as well, that was ok, nothing special.  Overall, a fun environment for happy hour.The waiters are really nice and FUNNY in the bar.
2	If you have a plain pallet you will like this place otherwise don't waste your time. My wife enjoyed the drinks, but that is about it.
