2	Not overly impressed - so-so Italian food in a pretty nice setting.... good for a weeknite dinner, which is what my co-worker and I were there for.... the bread is great, we had the baked clams as a starter which were yummy, but the pasta dishes didn't knock my socks off... a little too bland.  We had the bolognese; the tortelloni with peas, proscuitto, and cream sauce; and then a ravioli special (stuffed ricotta and spinach) and cream sauce.  All were OK - the tortelloni was definitely the best... love the bowl of fresh grated parmesan they bring to the table.  The owner stopped by our table a few times and was very friendly... place was nearly empty though (it was a Tuesday night).  All in all, a OK place, but there are much better restaurants around....
4	I've been to this relatively-new spot a few times now, and have sent friends there who've all enjoyed it.  It's a great location just a few blocks north of Camelback on Central Ave.   The decor is soothing and white-tablecloth-casual.   (Can it be both white-tablecloth AND casual?  Yes, you'll have to see for yourself!)  And the food - oh, yum!   If you like "New York/real Italian from Italy" style Italian food - this is your place.  Not too many italian restaurants in Phoenix have been capable of consistently producing that delicious, light Italian fare that you can enjoy in Italy, but Aiello's does it right. One fun thing that happened the last time we visited - the owner/chef came to our table and asked us to guess a number between 1 and 99 (I think it was 99 anyway) - he then drew a number out of a jar and if we had guessed the correct number, the meal was going to be on him!   Fun little gambling excitement for the end of the evening, hope he keeps that up!   (Let's see - if I go 99 times, and always guess my favorite number, will I win at least once!?)... Tee hee...
5	One thing in Phoenix that is lacking is good Italian food.  Aiello's is one of the exceptions.  I have had the opportunity to meet Joe, the owner, over my visits.  He owned restaurants in NYC and tried to retire here, but couldn't find any good Italian places, so he opened Aiello's.The homemade Italian butter is incredible - but is also very spicy hot.  My favorite dish, although it is a special and not always available, is the prosciutto and sauteed onion ravioli.  My mouth waters just thinking about it.  The pasta is light in texture and does not overbear the other other flavors.We generally have solid service and every table is always visited by Joe (at least during dinner and he is there).  I love the Italian Bingo we get to play as well.  One day, I might actually wine.  I did witness a table of 8 win, and Joe picked up the tab!
4	This place is so great! Right out of NYC, this family owned place has real charm and the food is excellent!
3	Coming back to Phoenix is my Lazurus pit, it is my escape from the constant sensory inundation that is the city of angels.  After my wonderful five hr drive with two dogs, one of which pees every hour or two i arrived in the sunny camelback corridor having not eaten all day and needing a drink.  My good buddy suggested that we go to a new Italian joint that had opened around the corner. I felt slightly awkward going in wearing cut off shorts and a t-shirt as people were relatively nicely dresses, whats a guy going to do, i just drove five hrs and my money is green too. The hostess was a miserable human, scowling and not in the least bit friendly... now look, three guys in t-shirts and long hair, i get it, you think they are going to order water and three of the cheapest entrees but that doesn't mean you have to be obnoxious.  The restaurant itself has a romantic red tinted ambiance, typical white table cloths and a nice stone wall.  Each table is brought an assortment of french bread, focaccia, spicey peppers in oil, and herb butter.  The home made herb butter was actually one of the best things they served, it was the perfect blend of basil, garlic and s&p.Wine-wise i got a bottle of the caldora sangiovese that was exceptional, a nice light fruity red.  We started out with the Zucchini fritte, the presentation was surprisingly original, the zuc was shaved into shoestrings and  lightly battered, served in a large bowl garnished with lemons. It was good but if i had my way the acidic nature of the fried veg would have been paired with a lemon aioli or anything stiffer than just lemon to cut through the heartiness of the battered zuc. As was everything at Aiello's the portion was more than the three of us could consume.For our entrees we had the Oso Buco special, Gnocchi Pesto and a chicken ceas. The oso buco was good, it was served with TWO shanks, stewed veg and a bed of parpadelle.  I am a firm believer of quality over quantity, and while the meat was good it was by no means perfect. The outsides were fall off the bone tender but the further you got in the more tough it got, there is NO reason any human being needs to eat two veal shanks. Also, i prefer veal to be served over a creamy sage or spiced polenta as pasta can be heavy and flavorless (no sauce just the veg and veal jus) especially since it is hard to eat pasta with bites of meat. The gnocchi was good, the pesto was mild and they had tossed it with pine nuts, nothing revolutionary flavor-wise.  The ceas looked good, didn't try it, but it too was more than could be finished. During our entire service the the owner/head chef circled the dinning room haranguing guests and post-bill playing Italian "pick a number" for a free meal. Now during the meal he asked every table BUT the three guys in t-shirts with goofy hair how their food was, how their evening was going, etc. Look i get you think this is a classy place and what are these three punks doing in here but after an app, three entrees and a bottle you might think he would realize we're no "water and bread shmucks." No big deal, i had no pressing need to talk to him but apparently when the bill is presented it is mandatory to play his "pick a number game", every other table got a speech and epic fanfare but when it came to us we got a terse "pick a number 'tween 1-100, get a free meal 'cept yah booze" ... hahaha Alright, if you are going to turn your nose up at some guys in t-shirts then ditch the pick a number, it isn't charming and is definitely not classing up the joint.  Oh, also, since your kitchen is open onto the dining room, can you NOT stand in the dinning room yelling at cooks, it echos through the entire restaurant and is pretty awkward. If you have ever watched the Sopranos there is a series of shows where Vesuvios (Artie Bucco's restaurant where the family oft gathers) is doing poorly and Tony suggest it is because Artie is an over anxious, fawning host who interjects himself into everyone's conversations while hanging over guests whilst they eat. This should be no owner/chef/manager's model and while Aiello's owner is not THAT extreme he seems to be heading down the same road.  People come to eat, enjoy each other's company and relax.. try something a little more subtle like a digestif compliments of the chef or a handshake and inquiry about the food when delivering the bill.Over all it was good but nothing remarkable.
5	hello group my name is Aaron and i am an addict........ i neeeeeed real Italian food.......2 things i miss most about home the ocean and the food, i am talking about eating a dish that has been served the same way out of the same kitchen for longer then you have been alive, it is tradition some pass on and as much part of them as religion.  much of east coast cooking moved west is lost in translation.  Amen!  Joey Aiello and thank you for giving me a place i can recomend in confidence as "my italian spot" you truly make me feel at home.   the bread is amazing perfect and fresh served with an olive oil, roasted red pepper and eggplant blend, be careful you need to pace yourself for the large portions that are soon to come, the menu is perfect, i could write a page about each dish ( i will spare you and my poor typing skills) the pasta is fresh and makes every dish come together perfect..Unpretencious, warm, inviting, delicious......... love it !
4	We did this place when it first opened.  It's got lovely ambience and a sharp looking staff, and the boss-man patrols the kitchen and the dining room floor with a caring eye.  He stopped by our table twice to check on things and gab with my mom about New York.  It was a nice touch--surely if you're not in the mood to be bothered you can visit someplace else.The bread before dinner was very good, the gnocchi pesto was good, my father got a seafood pasta that was excellent, and I believe I got a piccatta that was solid.  It's been a while, but I still recall dinner fondly, and our italian desserts were favoloso.  We didn't win a free meal in Joe's lottery showcase--maybe next time.The bar looks like a cool place to sit--cozy and I think it kind of overlooks the kitchen.  Looks like they have a new half-price happy hour--saw the sign outside.
5	....sorry folks didn't mean to post BEFORE I wrote the review...this interview is LONG over due....this is one of the places that I stumbled into after not being impressed with Postinos....again I am alwasy on the prowl for a good HH spot and this one is really good. All appetizers are half price and being a wine lover they have a great true Italian Chianti for $5.00 a glass (other specials as well but I never vere from the chianti). The staff is very attentive no matter how busy they are and the Owners Myra and Joe take the time to talk to every table and or bar patron. The homemade bread with pepper oil is amazing and is one of reason that going to the gym does me absolutely no good. My husband and I are also fans of splitting an entree which is more than enough for the two of (remember there's bread). Joe is also working on pizza out the back door (only 50 pies a night). My husband is working on Myra to serve them at the bar but so far without success... but he will continue to try. This is a great place to bring family for a special occasion or to just be like us and belly up to the bar for some true New York Italian.
5	Like the accidental tourist (and many other people), we happened into this place after dropping a boat load of cash on two glasses of wine at Postino's. After getting the car from the Valet, we started to drive away from Postinos and spied Aiello's.  After a quick tour around the block, once again passing the valet, who shot us a confused look, we turned in to what has become one of our favorite haunts for a quick glass of wine and some fantastic New York Italian fare. The ambiance is subtle and not over the top, but who doesn't like a huge Christmas wreath over the bar all year round.  The wine selection here is minimal but good, with a house Chianti that was better when we first started going but has been replaced with one that is almost as good.  But, I prefer the Sangiovese, mostly because I like to hear Angela, one of the servers say Sangiovese in her Romainian accent...fairly sexy. So much, that  to my wife's chagrin I began calling her Sangiovese girl. I digress...Bread is an important part of the meal for me, especially when splurging.  The bread here is over the top good, dense and flavorful.  They import special peppers for the oil that they serve with the bread which is slightly spicy and a must when you eat here.  The peppers do make a difference, as when they ran out, and had to temporarily use other peppers, it was not as good.  Every dish that we have tried has been fantastic, with favorites that revolve around the special ravioli of the day (the veal and the mushroom are best to me) Joes Famous Spaghetti and Meatballs and the tortelloni.  My wife is especially fond of the Fried Artichoke Hearts.  All in all, I have not had a bad meal here and have had many over the top meals leaving me fatter and happier, and ready for a nap.  The owners Joe and Myra go out of their way to make people feel at home with an atmosphere that is very family oriented.  Soon they will sell pizzas out the back door...good deal, I can't wait and if I can convince them, pizzas at the bar (easier said then done to convince them).  All in all, a good staple italian restaurant that makes my heart warm, and my tummy full.
4	I don't know whether there is a trend for Italian restaurants to open up in old bank buildings... but Aiello's is not the first place I have been to that appears to be located where and old bank use to be. I started hearing about this place a year ago when it opened. I finally got around to going yesterday for a co-workers birthday.I have been to a couple of really fancy restaurants and I have been to dozens of Italian restaurants. Aiello's is some where in between... I LOVED the bread arrangement. Two types of very tasty warm bread, with either vinegar and oil or a chili oil mix. Both very tasty.The Famous Spaghetti and  Meatballs were recommended to me and so I had to partake, mostly because there were a lot of really tasty looking items on the menu and the fact that the meatballs were top recommendation made me raise and eye brow.I wasn't let down. The meat ball was a mix of pork and beef, cooked to what I would call was perfection. The Spaghetti was not too strong, but had really nice flavor. I ate one of the two fist size meatballs and took the other one home to my wife.I want to go back and try about 10 other things on the menu, mostly the Gnocchi looked lovely and some of the salads. I am also super interested in the limited pizza orders that they do for take out nightly.
2	This was a very mediocre experience for us, and I'm more than a little annoyed that I wasted a good Friday night dinner out here. This place gets one star for the bread starter: that stuff was awesome and we plowed through two baskets. I could have sucked down that whole bowl of peppers in oil. Another star for portion size...as opposed to stingy Giuseppe's, you actually get a full plate of food for your seventeen bucks. Reasons we won't be back:1)We got seated right away, our waiter brought us water, menu, bread, and then we watched him say goodbye to Joe and WALK OUT THE DOOR. Shift over? Who knows. We waited for a good 15-20 minutes, with now-empty water glasses and bread basket, while NO ONE came to our table and Joe and his family were schmoozing around the room. We finally flagged down a busboy and he got a waitress for us. No apology, no nothing. We also overheard the table next to us complain about having to wait a long time for their appetizers (different waitress!).2)The food was really bland and nothing special at all. I got the raved-about spaghetti and meatballs, and all I could think was how I was spending all this money on pasta from a box topped with sauce from a can. Bland, Bland, Bland. And the meatballs: yes, they were huge, but my husband's comment when he tried a bite summed it up well: "mmmmmm Liquid Meat." The meatballs have the texture (and almost the taste) of Grandma's fluffy matzoh balls, which is great if you're eating matzoh balls but just plain weird if you're eating meat. Meat is not supposed to be fluffy. Too many great  restaurants to try for us to frequent this one again. Subpar food, bad service...no thanks.
5	Visited Aiellos for the first time this week after tasting them at the Best of Phoenix event.  Everything from food to service to atmosphere was top notch.We'll start with atmosphere.  Very clean, comfortable and the design was very reminiscent of the traditional "old country" Italian restaurants that I enjoy complete with Sinatra tunes throughout dinner service.  Service was excellent from the time we walked in to the closing of our check.  My wife and I were blown away by the friendliness of the owners.  They made their way through the dining room interacting with guests and showing a true passion for their place.  Certainly not a chain, nor an absent owner establishment.The food was best of all.  The free bread appetizer was a great way to start as we were starving when we walked in and it was immediately brought to our table.  The peppers & oil had just enough spice and their garlic butter was a nice twist.  The wife and I split a Caesar salad to start which was very good with an excellent homemade anchovy Caesar dressing with sliced anchovies.  The wife had the bolognese and was very pleased with the flavor.  I ordered the meatloaf with a side of Joe's famous meatballs as they were what I remembered most from the New Times tasting.  The lasagna was gigantic and could have been for two if I wasn't insane and finished it myself.  The meatballs were extremely soft and definitely have veal in the recipe.  Somehow we managed to find room for coffee and dessert.  We sampled the Tiramisu and the Cream custard & strawberry concoction.  Both were amazing.  Aiello's will definitely be on our new dinner rotation and will be my first choice for authentic Italian.
5	Holy canolli this place is fantastic! How have I never been here before? The set up of the restaurant is very open and they piped in old school tunes, Frank Sinatra, Harry James and Tommy Dorsey. It really reminded me of Artie Bucco's sister restaurant.   The service was excellent and the staff was friendly and hospitable.  We even heard the owner/chef yelling at the staff from the kitchen "wize this fettuccine sitting owt heaar!" it was classic. He really showed a passion for both the guests and the food.  I had read a few yelp reviews before I chose this place and I can only mirror what everyone else said. The Italian bread and focaccia with red pepper olive oil and garlic butter are amazing. The spaghetti and meatballs were to die for. The meatballs LITERALLY melt in your mouth. I want to go back and try everything on the menu.  Spoiler Alert  - After the meal the owner came to our table and asked us to guess a number between 1 and 99, you get the number and dinner is free. We didn't win but it was a fun game and a nice way to end the meal. I will be back - I am anxious to try lunch and the pizzas they are selling out the back!
3	I went to Aiello's for my birthday dinner, made a reservation on line, they knew it was me when I walked in, it was Thursday night and still early, so the restaurant was pretty quiet. The atmosphere was really nice, I like the open set up of the sitting area and that you can catch a little glimpse of the kitchen. There's a bar set up right in the middle, with a huge flat screen TV over it, which kind of takes away from it being a classy atmosphere, but they didn't have the volume turned up and no one was sitting at the bar screaming at it. As far as the food, it was...OK...I took a poll of the table and everyone was in agreement that their food wasn't bad. Just wasn't great. And for the price it might have had better presentation and maybe a salad to start. But the bread was good, and those of my party that will eat spicy food enjoyed the pepper's in oil. I had the chicken parmigiana which comes with a little spaghetti on the side, and wasn't impressed by the sauce. I ordered the canolli for desert that comes with one canolli, and a huge plate, sprinkled with powdered sugar and one strawberry....it was disappointing. The cream filling was gritty and the shell seemed a little stale. As far as service goes, it was hard not to laugh at them. They were trying hard to be hospitable but would fill the water glasses right on the table with their arm in the face of one person or another. I ordered wine and they didn't offer to let me taste it first, just poured it into my glass and walked away, luckily for me it was good tasting! My friend joined us a little late and then for the rest of the evening was forgotten time and time again. We had to keep pointing her out to the server by asking if she wanted anything to eat, drink or for dessert. Overall, I'm a little sad that I wasn't blown away by the experience. Probably not going to rush back or recommend to someone else that asks. Maybe it was just the night, the importance of it to me, and then the lackluster reception that seemed to occur, but I'm sorry to say it was just OK.
3	I must include the caveat that when I go to Italian restaurants I almost never order any pasta dishes and especially none with the house sauce. I like the way I make it and I've had too many watery, tart, and/ or bland sauces to take a chance. Some good things at Aiello's and some not so much.Let's do the good first because that's more fun.The stuffed mushrooms are amazing.  I've had many a stuffed 'srhoom before and these are top 5 for sure.   They could be an entree' all alone.  You also get zucchini which tasted like it was topped with the same stuff they put in the mushrooms (BONUS!)The portions on everything were HUGE.  more good..The water guy was Johnny on the Spot.  I have a weird thing about having to wait for drinks while I'm eating because I like to eat/drink/eat/drink/eat/drink...if the drink isn't there it's just eat/eat/eat/I can't have that, it throws off the delicate balance of eating/drinking harmony I have going.  I don't like to wait for more water because then I have to stop eating too (remember the harmony from earlier).  This guy was great with the H2O so kudos to him.the owner (I think) came to our table a few times and she was very charming and engaging.  That type of interaction can be hit or miss depending on the people involved but this was first-rate. The dice game is a nice touch...I wish she was the server as well, which leads me to the bad...The server was about an 8 on the creepy scale.  No hello or welcome of any sort...he just launched into the specials as if we'd already been talking for a while (we had not).  He sort of lurked a bit also. My entree was Chicken Fiorentina.  I get this every time I go to Tucci Santi and am never disappointed.  Aiello's version however was very bland and boring. No flavor.  the skinny is, I would certainly go back and give another shot at a different entree and eat more mushrooms.
4	Three of us decided to try Aiello's based on a friends recommendation and we weren't disappointed.  We decided to eat at the bar for happy hour.  They had several beers, wines, and well drinks for half price.  The appetizers were half price as well.  We ordered way too many appetizers.  All of them were good but only a few were stellar.  The stuffed mushrooms and zucchini were awesome. I could eat that alone and be happy.  The mozzarella coroza was incredible as well.  The Zuppa de pesci and the calamari were average.  The calamari were cooked perfect but they lacked seasoning.The service was very attentive and friendly.  We will definitely be back!
5	Hubby and I hit Aiello's for the first time on his birthday, which also happened to be the restaurant's 2 year anniversary.  Can I just say how nice it is to have a GREAT restaurant that's open on Monday!   Monday is Chef/Owner Joe's night off, but you wouldn't have known it.   We had the calamari app, split the ravioli special as a first, and had a chicken and veal dish for entrees.  We took home some cannolli and a TON of food that we couldn't finish.I'm really a fan of this restaurant.  It's not stuffy or "staged" feeling.  They manage to hit on all cylinders without feeling forced or pretentious.  In fact, the food is just a bit rustic yet still perfect, which means that Chef has got his kitchen well trained in his absence.  Co-owner Myrah is a strong presence on the floor, greeting each customer, topping off wine glasses, making sure everyone is happy.  My only real bitch?  The butter is too cold.  Seriously.  That's the best I can do for a complaint...If Aiello's feels like that great neighborhood Italian place you miss from New York, that's because that's pretty much what it is.  The menu is ample and diverse, made with quality ingredients and exceptional care and attention.   And this is just about the best selection of Italian wines in the Valley.  Seriously.Let me reiterate the value.  We ate like FIENDS (4 courses), had cocktails, two high-end bottles of wine AND took home 2 desserts, and it was just over $200!!  For something I consider 5-star???  Dear God, I wish I lived next door to this place...
5	I have to say I had probably one of the best dining experiences of my life the other day when we went for lunch at Aiello's and for a reasonable price as well.  I was quite surprised to say the least.The location would not lead you to think you'd be in a setting surrounded by greenery but it is once you go inside.  To be greeted as nicely as we were is another thing.  The regular waitress had an emergency so we learned later that our server was the owners wife.  I don't know when I've be taken through a room set as nicely as there.  The white table clothes, the colored napkins, all gave a sense of being in harmony.  Another thing that rarely happens in Phoenix, she placed our napkins for us!  This happens on the coast, maybe, San Francisco or in Dallas, but in Phoenix?  My feeling of Aiello's is of one of those restaurants that happens when culture has reached a point it is right for the moment.  Our city has grown to the point that places like this should start happening.  They are long overdue!We had two pasta dishes-angel hair pasta with meatballs, and I can't remember the type of pasta with wild mushrooms and shallots. Each was served uniquely, not like what you expect and are served at one of the chain restaurants.  The sauces are delectable-just the right consistency and flavors to be savored!  The presentation is one that you expect from a chef.  When the dishes are served properly, to my way of thinking, they draw your eye to the of colors and textures. What a delight for this to occur here with each course of our meals!  I am looking forward to going back to see what else he can do with other selections on the menu. (I just really like to write a review like this!  Let me continue!)This is also a restaurant where you must plan on having desserts),  I rarely do as am on a perpetual "stay the weight I want to be diet."  Here they are so good, I helped to eat one and finished another.  At the time we were there, they were photographing a table set with desserts.  Imagine my surprise when we were asked if we'd like to have the desserts that had just been photographed courtesy of Aiello's.  They were wonderful!  I felt like the fatted calf when we left and it was worth every calorie to enjoy them!  If one is going to indulge, you might as well do it at Aiello's.Probably the greatest compliment this restaurant could receive was when my dining companion said "let's sit for while" when we were finished.  She has traveled the world over and has dined extensively.  I felt the same, it was a great experience and while let it end!I had this established recommended to me while having keys cut at the hardware store, hardly the best place to get a recommendation.  Also, the same individual roared off on a motorcycle, not another reason for me to think that much about said recommendation.  However, this fellow seemed so truly taken with Aiello's that we went there in spite of misgivings.  Speaking of misgivings, I didn't say when we got there, we were the only people in the establishment.  For me, this means the red flags go up immediately.  Why is it empty?  I knew two and maybe three places had failed in this location before, another not good sign.  I truly had to resist the urge to suggest leaving.  I am so pleased that we didn't.  We'd have missed this diamond hidden on Central above Camelback road,One comment concerning casual dressing at Aiello's.  I would be perfectly comfortable wearing slacks or a tuxedo dining here.  At lunch I might wear jeans.  I don't see Aiello's for being a cut offs and t shirt type of place.  There are enough places you can do that.  Appreciate Aiello's for what it is worth and dress the part is my suggestion.
3	Aiello's bills itself as "Fine Italian Dining" but seems more neighborhood in quality. In terms of atmosphere and price, perhaps somewhere in between.  Service is agreeable enough, but not fine. Food is ordinary, roughly on par with Sauce or Babbo, and certainly not in Tomaso's league. It's considerably cheaper than Tomaso's, but when you order a $16 pasta or entree, it doesnt come with soup or salad.  That's six dollars more.  Only one bottle of wine is under $30.  Perfectly reasonable for fine or semi-fine dining, but our large table of entrees lacked much sophistication or subtlety.  The seafood in Linguine FraDaviolo ($22) was perfunctory and the sauce one dimensional. Nobody liked the huge, ballyhooed meatballs much. Other things were better, but we ate here a while ago and I cant remember specifics. I do remember exiting the restaurant, after a genuinely pleasant chat with the owner, thinking I've had Italian this ordinary elsewhere for less.  Aiello's is not stop the presses terrible, but the food's just not that interesting, and it seems to me like a marginal choice for special occasion Iltalian.  Perhaps I'm making too much of their self-described "fine dining", but much of this eating out "thing" is about delivering on expectations, so there you go. Two stars for the food, one for the pleasant, welcoming owner.
5	Have only been here twice in the last six months since we live kind of far away (Cave Creek). We love it and wish we could be closer and go more often. This restaurant has such a good feel to it when you walk in, that good Italian neighborhood place feel. For starters, the bread and pepper olive oil is to die for, but save room for the rest of the goodies. Our last trip with 4 friends, we had Oso Bucco, Eggplant parm, lasagna, shrimp with pasta and broccolini/sausage ravioli. My husband had the Oso Bucco and he thought it needed more flavor, a little bland for his taste. However, the rest of the entrees all got high reviews. My lasagna friend who is fussy, said it was excellent lasagna, my shrimp friend who is also very fussy, said the shrimp and pasta were wonderful. My sister had the eggplant and she said it is one of the best she ever had. Now me, both times I have had their ravioli special, butternut squash and this time the broccolini and sausage. I cannot say enough about their ravs. Awesome!! Myrah (one of the owners) is always very pleasant and wants to make sure all is well at your table. She must get tired of all the NY stories she hears. LOL The wine was good and I always enjoy my salmbucca (sp) after dinner with 3 coffee beans. Also save room for cannolis!! The best! Would love to try one of the out the back door pizzas some time! Looking forward to our next trip back, worth the drive.
4	On Valentines night.. Mark took me here.. I always associate Italian...and good..NO GREAT.. Italian food .. authentic.. that is.. with love:-) .. and Aiellos delivered.. and so did Mark.. Very friendly family run restaurant.. I ordered a tre colored salad.. the vinagrette was just as I like it.. the bread was perfect.. my chicken parmigiana was huge.. and my plate runneth over with chicken.. there could have been a bit more pasta.. but thats okay... Mark had veal piccata.. he had some serious order envy... his was good too.. we ordered a bottle of the Sangiovese.. and polished it.. it was one of the best wines Ive had in a restaurant.. considering some of the best Italian food I had was in Manhattan (NY).. near the theatre district.. I was seriously impressed with the wine.. to finish we shared a zabliogne.. a italian custard with berries.. Ive attempted to make this classic Italian dessert at home for a dinner party and failed ... that could have had some more berries, but again.. its rare to see on a menu here at all! I loved that the owner walked the restaurant with a game of bingo.. you guess a number between one and ninety.. and you could win dinner:-) Seriously.. Im overall impressed..
3	Just came back from here.  Huge positives of owner interaction- he personally went to every single table tonight to ensure customer satisfaction.  The vaulted ceilings and soft lighting were huge pluses, adding to the nice atmosphere.  Our first impression of the good was very high, with some very fluffy bread with a nice crust.  The garlic butter was also tasty, as well as the olive oil with red peppers in it.  Unfortunately the bread was room temperature and the butter was too hard to spread easily on the bread.  I would be raving about this bread if I had simply received it hot.  For an appetizer we split the calamari, which I do have to say was absolutely fantastic.  Very slightly breaded, it came with a spicy marinara sauce that gave this appetizer a great kick.I also need to give huge kudos to Aiello's being tolerant of my indecisiveness.  I was torn between the special of the day, and the gnocchi in pesto sauce.  Fortunately, they were willing to accommodate me and gave me a half order of each!  Where this meal fell short was the entrees.  The first half-entree I I ordered was the butternut squash ravioli in cream sauce, seasoned with nutmeg.  The edges of the ravioli were inexcusably hard.  The filling was past the texture level of puree and approaching that of liquidy mashed potatoes.  The sauce was nice and creamy but very relaxed in flavor- the sauce had the perfect body but just didn't wow me.  Bland isn't quite fair, but neither is comforting.  It was just kinda there.My girlfriend's Tortolloni alla Panna suffered similar problems.  At least the cheese filling was a nice consistency, but the cheese was just bland inside, and the light cream sauce was even less inspirational than mine.  The peas were overcooked and the prosciutto, instead of giving a nice salty edge to her meal, only showed up in a purely ceremonial role.  Rebounding was my Gnocchi Pesto.  Really addicting, very light as described on the menu, I ate them without realizing how quickly these were disappearing.  Basil, pine nuts, and garlic teamed up and put the other light creme sauces we had to shame.  This was a very nice rendition of a classic.  I've had better, but I've had lots lots worse.Wanting to really like this place, I tried to end the night on a high note with desert.  Tirimisu seduced me once more, and this version was great, with a high alcohol content then normal, but no complaints on that score.  Very chocolatey, powdered sugar abundant, and a strawberry to the side was a nice touch.Unfortunately, the last note was discordant as it took nearly 25 minutes to get my check.  This was so that the owner could personally come to my table to check on us.  While I appreciated the gesture, around minute 15 or so I would've appreciated even more the opportunity to leave.  Of course, on the other hand I love how much he cared, I just wish it didn't take so long.  Oh well.I'll be happy to try this place again, and perhaps order more wisely.  The 2 pasta entrees, desert, appetizer, soda, and glass of wine came out to be $68.  If the entrees had matched the desert and appetizer I'dve said it was worth every penny- as things stand I will need to try it again to find out.
5	Found Aiello's on Yelp. Our party of 6 had a great time and the food was excellent. I enjoyed the owner stopping by our table to check in on how we were doing and to chat.
4	Wow!Coming from back East, I'm usually disappointed with Italian food in Arizona. This place, however was just spot on. The service was warm, friendly, professional, and prompt. My picky girlfriend wanted her pasta dish modified in several ways and our server bent over backwards to get her exactly what she wanted, with no hint of an eye roll. So many places in Phoenix just don't have this professional level of service and focus way more on the "cool points". The owner or exec chef, or whomever that big guy is who talks to everyone was charming and funny. The food was fantastic, and that spicy oil was a great way to start our meal. I don't even remember what I had, other than that it was a meatless pasta dish and that I couldn't stop eating it! What a nice place for a good, solid meal and/or a really nice date.
5	I had some of the best Italian food I have ever had outside of my house here at Aiello's. I went with a party of 6 for my mom's Bday. Everyone got something different and we all sampled each others dish. We started with the Mozzarella Carozza. which is Mozzarella on semololina bread then dipped in egg then sauteed in a wine , anchovie and caper sauce. This could have been my meal it was so good. We also got a Caprese and it was great and we got Calamari and it was ok, good but I have had better.  For the main course I had the Spagheti alla Puttanecsa, which is a spicy tomato sauce with capers,shallots, olives( black and green), anchovies, garlic and fresh herbs. I also got a side of there awsome meat balls. These meatballs are huge and the are made with veal and pork. They are so good and soft and full of flavor. Best meatballs I have had outside my house for sure. They claim they were voted best in New York. Some of the other courses our table got was Linguine Gameberoni = linguine with shrimps with a garlic aglio olio, Cavatelli with Sunday gravy, tomato sauce with with sausage and a meatball, and Orechiette with Broccoli Di Rape & Civilate which is pork sausage stuffed with cheese parsley and sauteed in a rapini agioli olio. This sausage was so dam good. The sausage is amazing. All the food was so good  the service was outstanding and the owner visited our table 4 times. This is cool cause it shows they care about the customers and the quality of the food being served to your table.  The owner and all the staff are great people and took care of us well. I will be back for sure. Good italian food done right by real Italians. You will not be disapointed if you go here. Go to the Aiello page on yelp and go to the link that goes to the restaurant's web site to check out the menu. The Tirimisu is delicious and so is the chilled zabaglione which is a marsala custard with fresh strawberries and sweet cream, Oh yeah! All around good from apps to entrees to dessert to the two bottles of wine. I cant wait to go back. One last thing, when you done and before they bring the check the bring out this shaker thing bthet had numbers in it. They ask you nto pick a number between 1 and 90. The table picks one number and if it comes up the the whole bill is free and if your party is bigger then 4 then 4 entrees are paid  for by them. This is so cool. Our number was not picked but my brothers number was picked the first two time he ate here. Just a really cool place, good food , great staff and the atmosphere is nice white table clothes with a  open dinning room with a bar  and they have a little patio as well.
3	I really wanted to love Aiello's and there were definitely parts that were top notch.  The atmosphere was warm and intimate, the service was great and the chef/owner so hospitable!Started off my meal with the stuffed artichoke hearts.  I didn't know what to expect but they appeared to be deep fried and a little heavier than I liked.  I found them a little bland but my fiance loved them.  He ate half of them, plus his appetizer of eggplant rolatini.  I sampled that and it was good but not great.  For entrees, I had the cavatelli with Sunday gravy and my fiance had the linguini scungelli.  I found the gravy a little bland for my taste.  However when I took the leftovers home and doctored it up with some more garlic and oregano and yum!  The pasta was delicious and the meatball and sausage outstanding.  But in the restaurant, the sausage was on the cold side.  The star of the show was my fiance's linguini dish.  The menu describes the conch as tender slices and they were absolutely correct.  The "lightly peppered" pomodoro sauce was spicy but so good.  This is a dish I would return to Aiello's to have again.We didn't indulge in dessert because we had tickets for a show and had to leave.All in all, I think I'd like to give Aiello's another try and sample some other things.  Like I said, I wanted to love it!
4	I'm not normally a big fan of Italian food, but after marching six miles against 1070 in the Memorial Day weekend heat, I decided it was time to slang my Groupon on the table and carb it up.  And, fortunately, this was my favorite Groupon find yet.Aiello's is in a beautiful building.  I don't think a building has ever detracted from my eating experience, but in case's like Aiello's, the wonderful shaded, verdant patio set the mood in all the right ways.The inside is low-key family restaurant with a dash of romance.  Nice lighting, not too loud, cool bar.The food was awesome.  Delicious, probably house-made pasta with simple flavors that let the sauces and vegetables sing.  An exhaustive - but not daunting - wine list - though it'd be nice to see more options served by-the-glass.As icing on the cake, at the end of the meal, you get to play a game that might let you get your meal for free.  I won't ruin the surprise, but it adds a lot of character.If I had an Italian grandmother, this is the sort of food I'd expect she'd make.  Highly recommended for a date night, classic dinner-and-a-movie style, for unpretentious delicious fare.
3	I really wanted to like Aiello's. I had read some reviews and was looking forward to my meal, but sadly it was not as amazing as I'd hoped. We had the eggplant rollatini. I think it could have been a really good dish, but it was smothered in mozzarella cheese. It was a but overkill for my liking. As for the entree, I had the orrechiette fagoli. I think I could ward vampires off with the amount of garlic in my entree. The pasta was perfectly cooked, but the garlic was so overpowering. I wanted to taste the other elements of the dish, and I simply couldn't. I will say the place had a nice family owned feel, and the manager came up at the end to play a game with us. You are given a chance to win dinner on the house if you pick a number and he pulls it out of a jar. It was kinda cool. I don't know if I will be going back for pasta, but I would like to try their pizza.
5	This is one those "hidden gems" of the valley. Since it's not a chain and it's located in central Phoenix (at Central and Missouri), A lot of people don't know about it. But for my money, it's the best Italian food in Phoenix. I first discovered Aiello's a few years back when I worked a few streets away and they catered a lunch. Since then, I've had their food several times, but a couple weeks ago I actually ate inside the restaurant for the first time. The dining room experience was wonderful. It has a very pleasant atmosphere, and almost feels more upscale than the place actually is (a TV above the bar seems a little out of place, but I won't complain about a chance to catch a game while eating). I had their special that night, which was a roasted chicken ravioli in a white sauce. My only complaint was the white sauce was unnecessary, and a traditional tomato sauce would've been fine (but I think more people are fans of white sauce than I am). All of the times I've had food from Aiello's, I've been more than satisfied. Also, If you happen to work or live by the place, I recommend trying their "backdoor pizzeria." They bake up to 50 18" pies a day for carry out only. My coworkers and I bought a few one time, and they were excellent.
4	Friend and I were planning on going to Postino's next door but it was already packed at 5:30 on a Thu... Anyway we tried out Aiello's and were happily surprised. I had the Scallops Venezia and my friend had the veal. Both were very well done and the bread was delicious.
4	Went for lunch forth first time after several trips for dinner, all good. My lunch guests enjoyed their food and took home doggie bags. Both said they'd be back. Large portions avg. entrees were $9-15 and many of the dinner favorites were available in lunch proportions. The BIG news is that they also serve their pizza, which is take out only at night, at lunch!
5	Made a return trip to Aiello's last Friday night. Having loved the food so much over the years, and enjoying the dining experience so much on my first real visit, I decided it was the perfect spot to introduce my parents to my girlfriend.   (If you're wondering, they were very impressed with both the food and the girl.)I'm surprised to say that it was even better being there on a busy night! Joe Aiello spent most of the time walking around and saying hello to all the customers. In the minute or two he stops by your table to see how everything is going, he's as entertaining as any east coast Italian you'll ever meet. I'm even more impressed with the food on this visit. Now that I was with a bigger group, It was more entertaining watching everyone struggle through the menu. It's so hard to pick something when everything sounds so good (and not a single meal disappointed).
3	I go to Aiello's for the people, not the food.  There are few places that make you feel more welcome, between all the friendly staff, owner coming by at least once and regulars that live nearby all greeting each other.  The kitchen isn't managed as well as the dining room, however, so expect execution problems.  For example, on our last visit they had risotto as one of their specials.  You'd think if it were on the special, it would be cooked properly.  Alas, it was almost inedible.  Hard little kernels of risotto that crunched when you bit down.  The broccoli rapini in my pasta was so bitter it ruined the whole dish.  Yet even with the food issues I'd still go back to meet friends.
5	OMG I found the best and huge pizza in town.It is 18" cheese pizza with red peppers and mushroom. I got 50% off coupon so I tried the back door pizza. The pizza tastes so gooddddd with lot and lot of different kinds of cheeses. The red peppers and mushroom were so fresh and not too dry or too over cook from the oven. The owner is so nice and tease me that he thought that I got lost since I did not show up within 25 minutes.I had dinner with Aiello's before but their pizza is the best. I'd definite call them to place some orders again.
4	The food is fantastic!  The best Italian I've had in town.  WOW!  Tortelloni Alla Panna is so yummy!  The bread is so chewy and not stale like at other places.  The oil they serve with it is a bit HOT so be careful!  My husband had veal, others with us had Spaghetti with the biggest meatballs I've ever seen, Ravioli and more.  Everyone was very happy with their selection.  My mother in law could NOT keep commenting that her dish was very hot when she received it.  Hot, not just luke warm!The owner coming by to chat is awesome...I'd give them 5 stars easily except I've had the same waiter twice now...and he's so cute to look at but he's just an okay server.  Needs to be reminded of the little things like refilling glasses-and that should be done without prompting.  But again, very cute-so you could almost let it slide...........almost.I'll keep going here because I'm addicted.  Just hope that more attention is paid to the service issues.
5	We actually just stopped in here for desert after pasta bar. We really wished we had come for dinner. The menu looked great. We had the tiramasu and chocolate cake, both were killer. The owner, Joe, was great and the bartender was really helpful. We'll definitely be coming back here for dinner.
5	We stopped here for dessert this weekend. THE CHOCOLATE CAKE!!! It was unreal, the three people in our party who tried it, all agreed it was the best chocolate cake we've ever had!! Moist, fluffy, not too sweet, perfect amount of chocolate, and the icing was delicious too. And bonus - it comes with a glass of milk. Ambiance was warm and cozy, the owner was friendly and the bartender was very helpful with the menu. We will definitely be back for dinner to try the award-winning meatballs. Can't wait!
4	This place has it all.  Great food, great ambiance, great wine and great service.  Went there the other night. I had veal scallopini, my husband had linguine with seafood in a spicy red sauce.  Both were wonderful.  The chocolate gelato was great and my cannoli tasty.  I love that Joe visits with each table and 'shakes the can' for the chance to win a free meal.  They now have 'Joe's back door' new york style pizza to go. You order ahead and literally pick it up at the back door.  That is on my 'gotta try that list".
3	i'm the first to admit it -- i give Italian food in general a half-hearted shrug and an "eh." i'm not hatin', i just never, ever crave an Italian meal (unless it's my ma's meatballs, she's pretty great at making those).so, when a group of co-workers picked this place for a bday lunch i was prepared for a shrug-able meal with nothing of importance to note.the sign is easy to miss under a growth of greenery, so keep your eyes peeled. plenty of parking, but that was because 1. we got there about 1120 and it opens at 11; and 2. i was warned in advance that this place is almost always dead during lunch. but a big parking lot nonetheless, something that might appeal to you since Postino's is next door and often a parking or waiting nightmare.the dining area is what i call a parents' fancy-factor dream: linen tablecloths, pre-set stemware and bread plates. spacious, and sure enough, we were the only patrons. server was Italiano through and through, nice, helpful and attentive. three paninis were ordered (2 caprese and a filet mignon) and i *tried* to order the caprese app (simple plate of tomato, basil and mozz, i wasn't very hungry). even went so far as point to it and mention that it should come out with the other orders. i say tried because i ended up with the chicken caprese salad somehow. chicken wasn't very good, unfortunatley, a lot of chewy rubbery bits and not very flavorful. the greens ...i don't know how to describe that i didn't like the mix, but i felt like i had to do a lot of picking through to get a good bite. dressing was scant but tasted good, mozzarella was clearly the star -- soft, light and flavorful (and made in house, someone mentioned, but don't hold me to that).the rest of the party RAVED about their paninis, so if i found myself back (not going to go out of my way) i would def go that route. all in all, it was a nicer stop for a professional lunch that was quiet, low key and with good food.
2	I really (really really) wanted to love Aiello's.  I am a voracious champion of the red-sauce joint, very different than the traditional Italian-from-Italy meal.  The catch phrase "East Coast Italian" spoke leagues of poetry to me - calamari, eggplant parm, and mounds and mounds of tiramisu.  Upon examining the menu, my grandmother and I saw Scungili (similar to conch) and were sold - she was transported back to her days in Brooklyn and felt an atavistic longing to give the place a try.  Aiello's has made us an offer that we couldn't refuse.  With husbands in tow, we went for a nice dinner and a trip down memory lane.Disarmed from the get-go, we walked in to Chef Joe working the room and eventually getting around to seating us.  You can tell he's a professional charmer, he immediately asked us why we didn't answer the phone that was ringing at the host's stand.  Our waiter and Chef Joe took turns all night proffering jokes and witticisms - I didn't have a huge problem with it and chalked it up to friendliness, but my husband thought it came off as smarmy to the point of distraction.  I had only wished that Chef Joe might spend a little more time in the actual kitchen.Bread basket contained a homemade foccacia and a delicious accompaniment of cherry peppers in olive oil.  Probably the best thing we had all night.  Caesar salad was missing a dose of anchovies and garlic - rather bland and one-dimensional.  Calamari and fried zucchini were both oily and needing of a good squeeze of lemon and marinara for dipping in order to make them a little more palatable.  For the entrees, my Tortelloni alla Panna were so-so - the pasta was fresh and tasty but again, the cream sauce was one dimensional rather than being luxe and silken as you'd want it to be.  My husband had a chicken breast Saltimbocca that was almost inedible - it was so overcooked, he could barely cut through it.  Very disappointing.  Scungili over linguine was indeed tender, but in need of a heavy dose of red pepper and not at all memorable.  The homemade ravioli of the night was prosciutto and caramelized onion - again just so-so.  Not a single taste on the table to challenge us to come back.The night was finished with Chef Joe's "Pick a Number" game - he pulls a random number (1-80, I believe) out of what looks like a carafe and if it's the one you've guessed, your meal is on him (minus the alcohol).  I kind of wished we'd won, because 3 appetizers, 4 entrees and wine came to $50/pp before tax and tip.  I'm not a price queen, but if I'm spending the money, wow me a little.  All that flair and attention in the dining room, but none of it in the kitchen.  There are WAY too many great Italian places in Phoenix to not bring your A-game every time.  Plain and simple.
2	I am torn on whether to review this place due to some circumstances that I feel are unlikely for most diners:  We went the night before Thanksgiving, and so I understand that the staff was anxious to get home and be with their loved ones.  Second, I used a Groupon, which was about to expire, so I imagine that I wasn't the only one that had pulled one out that night.  I get it, sometimes Groupon-ers don't tip well, they don't spend much more than the Groupon itself, whatever whatever.  Still. I was already with my loved one and wanted to be having a nice night out, and I am NOT one of those bad Groupon-ers.  The good: The place itself is very pretty, good light level, good sound in the room.  It feels nice.  Also, the coffee and tiramisu at the end of the meal were lovely.  Wish I went in just for coffee and desert.The bad:  First of all, no bread.  I've been here before and I have been given a bread basket, but tonight, for us, no bread.  Huh.We ordered an appetizer of fried calamari, which I love.  This was so-so, leaning just slightly negative to positive.   Good breading, not too greasy, but the calamari itself was just a touch gummy.  Have had far better.  At $9 it was a decent choice to start, but it was nothing to get excited about.  The waitress did ask us how it was, and so did Joe.  And some other guy.  I had ample opportunity to send it back.  I never send food back unless it's truly awful.We split the night's special, since we were heading in to a major food holiday a mere 12 hours after this meal.  We opted for quality, not quantity.  The seafood special was swordfish with capers and sun dried tomatoes. ($24)  Hmmmm.  Again, so so.  It was undoubtably the thinnest fillet of swordfish I have ever been served.  It was beautifully cooked (they obviously had been around these thin fillets for a while) and the presentation was delightful.  The capers, lemon and tomato that it was served with were fantastic.  And the fish was nice, I am just used to a meatier mouth-feel with swordfish than this fish was delivering.   The green beans were awful, they were stringy, tasteless, cold, and tough.  Yuck.  I loved the deep-fried mashed potato thing-a-ma-jing, it was decadent, but they cut it in half.  Maybe, just maybe, they could have given us each one?   It just looked kind of sad cut in half on the plate.They split the plates, so we were each served a very small serving.  Generally, this is a very nice touch, it looks so much prettier. But I don't mind sharing the plate, it's a nice cozy romantic Italian meal after all. This particular meal,  I was hyper-aware of just how little food there was on each plate.Since I was still kind of hungry after the entree (no bread to fill me up, either before or with the meal) and it was chilly outside, we opted for coffee and a tiramisu.  Both were heavenly, but at $8 for a double espresso, $4 for a regular coffee and $8 for the tiramisu, this was not an economical choice.  Some other issues:  Joe visiting my table no less than FIVE TIMES was darling at first, and really annoying by the end.  Joe telling the guy at the table next to me, "No one sends back my eggplant parm"  was funny for me, probably uncomfortable for the guy who thought his eggplant wasn't very good.   Me sitting at my table, empty water glass, empty plate, for several minutes while Joe bellowed for "whoever has table 22" was slightly awkward.  Especially when I realized that we must be table 22.  The grand total for this meal:1 beer1 Calamari appetizer1 Daily special1 double espresso1 regular coffee1 tiramisu$63.00  With a $12 tip the "light meal" was $75.    The service was decent, just off their game a bit due to a holiday eve.  But I was disappointed overall.     I doubt I will be back.
5	My partner and I have walked and driven by Aiello's on many occasions and decided to finally stop-in for dinner.  We brought 6 of our friends along for good measure.Aiello's sign in front denotes "East Coast Italian."  Having lived on the East Coast for many years, I know what that means and it's VERY hard to find out here in the Wild West.  Needless to say, we were skeptical.  Let me reassure you that Aiello's delivered.The menu was large and loaded with many "East Coast Italian" specialties you don't often see in these parts.  That said, I opted for the Chicken Parmigiana--which is my standard "litmus test" for assessing the quality of any Italian restaurant.  My meal was amazing.We enjoyed great wine and great food--all very reasonably priced.  We also greatly enjoyed the comfortable atmosphere created by the owner and staff. We especially loved Joe who came to our table on several occasions that night to chat-us-up and see how we were enjoying our meals.I was particularly impressed that, though we ended up splitting the bill five ways (not really cool on our part), our server didn't bat an eye and returned very promptly with five accurately prepared receipts.The whole experience was a combination of East Coast quality and authenticity with West Coast casualness.  We will definitely return--probably to try Aiello's "back door" carry-out pizzeria next time.
5	I have been a fan of this restaurant for a couple of years and meet here frequently for business lunches and last night had a great dinner. The atmosphere is perfect for dining, relaxing, and having those long lingering conversations.I love Italian pasta dishes and am never disappointed in the dishes at Aiello's. My partner had her usual Caesar Salad, complete with Anchovies and egg-based dressing - I sampled it and of course it was outstanding. I usually have the Caesar with Salmon for lunch and suggest the same to my clients who are always surprised why they hadn't discovered this excellent restaurant before.At dinner, the chef - owner, roams among the tables checking on your satisfaction. Invariably he comes around with a box and lets you pick a number between one and ninety. He then pulls out a numbered die that if it matches your number, he buys your dinner. I once saw him pick up the tab for a table of ten.
5	I think this is my new favorite Italian restaurant!  The service and food were amazing!!! We had a 3 course meal and it was all perfect.  I loved the calamari (not overly fried or breaded).  The manager had a great knowledge of the wines they had available and the wine list was also impressive.  I have not tried their 'backdoor pizza'  but I intend on trying it soon!  If it is anything like the food in the restaurant, I am sure it will be awesome.
3	Good dependable Italian fare.  The bread comes with garlic butter and a great hot pepper and olive oil dip.  The food is dependable nothing mind blowing, but I like the fact that it isn't too heavy or salty.  They do a great job catering also.  Portions are generous and the owner is very kind.  He will walk around and ask you to pick a number, if you happen to be the lucky number your meal is free.  The interior is very pretty, the crowd skews a little older for some reason but I'm hoping that this will change.  Good for a quick (if quiet) business lunch.
5	By far one of the best experiences I have had at a nice restaurant.  The chef came by and thanked us for coming in. Great food, great wine, great atmosphere.
5	Their meatballs are simply the best meatballs I have ever had.  I highly recommend them as the flavor and the texture are out of this world fantastic.  And don't even get me started on the wonderful service.  Outstanding!Two Thumbs up!
3	The pizza is fantastic. Super yummy and close to the house for takeout. The price... no ma'm. Way too expensive for anything beyond cheese. It's a shame, I'd have this pizza once a week if it were a little cheaper.
3	I went here with the BF tonight, as we had bought a groupon for this place. When we walked in, we were (not) greeted by the hostess who put up her finger, as in 1 minute... she was on the phone. She finally put the person on hold and showed us to a table. She was real pleasant *sarcasm* Anyway, so the first thing I noticed is that this restaurant is really dark. Like I had trouble reading the menu it was so dark. That aside, our server was nice... kind of slow, but nice, and she had a cool accent. They brought out bread, which was really good. It came with this spicy stuff (couldn't tell what was in it because it was dark) and also really good garlic butter. The waitress asked if we wanted wine... but the price per glass was pretty steep for just a house wine (8$), so we passed. I ordered the new york sirloin steak and the BF got the lasagna. Both were pretty meh. The steak was pretty fatty and was supposed to come with a wine sauce with onions, but really lacked in flavor. It came with a potato thing that I thought was going to be really good from reading others' reviews, but it was kind of bland. The lasagna was also kind of meh. It had parts of it that were of a weird consistency and it just lacked in overall flavor. Despite this, we ordered dessert, the tiramisu. This was the best part of the night, it wasn't the best tiramisu, but it was decent. It was also nice that the owner came around and said hi and then later let us get a chance at winning a free meal, so that was appreciated. Overall, it just wasn't anything that special, and for the prices... it should be special.
5	The Meatballs!
5	We have been a few times and this tucked away little treasure never disappoints.Great service, very attentive to our requests (close the door, dim the lights, etc).Joe the owner monitors everything very closely....food, staff, customers dinning experience.  He also come at the end to allow you a chance at winning a free meal.Alcohol is a bit pricey with $15 for a martini and $8 for a shot of Baileys.  Food and service....atmosphere are a definate 5 stars.If your looking for a local spot for great Italian....this is it.  Reminds me of NY.
5	I stopped by for a quick lunch last Tuesday before a meeting nearby.  I have been in before for dinner and drinks - the food is always good - even if it is an older crowd at night.The place was slow - but the bartender did a great job.  One of my biggest pet peeves is slow service when it is empty - she was Johnny on the spot!I was in the mood for something light - I ordered the Caesar salad with chicken - great flavor! great Portion!The star of the show was the side meatball I ordered.  I really Wanted the meatball sandwich - but that wasn't light.  I will drive uphill both ways for those meatballs!  Being 100% italian - you are taught to hate everyone's meatballs, except your mothers!The owner stopped by to check in on me and I sat at the bar and read for 20 more minutes!Great unexpected vacation before a meeting!Go for the meatballs alone - yet his gnocci are phenomenal too!Enjoy - Mangia, Mangia!,
4	Wednesday, 730 pm, no reservation, seating took 5 minutes. I highly recommend a reservation for Fri/Sat as I could see how this place gets packed fast. I was told reservations are simple and held if there are delays so why not do it anyway.An extremely pleasant birthday evening at a new place we had never tried. Aiello's is a side facing Italian restaurant on Central just north of Camelback..Easy to pass since the parking lot is in the back. Do not go in the back as that is for pick up pizza's only which they run out of quickly. The Owner told us you can reserve a pizza early and then call to have it made for pick up at any time but they only make so many dough balls an evening so if you wait they may run out. So reserve your pizza as it is worth it. They do not serve pizza in the dining room.Upon entrance you will find a very cozy warm environment with a full bar and about 15-20 tables. The 4 of us happen to be seated almost dead center which was slightly loud but not too bad. The wine list is extensive though surprisingly they did not have a Riesling by the glass..not huge a negative. The waitress was extremely knowledgeable about the wine list which you would tend to find at that size of Italian restaurant.  We ordered Calamari & a Caesar Salad for appetizers which came out within 10 minutes. Fresh bread was quickly served as was the Pinot Grigio my friend had. Service was quality at that point. For some reason the waitress delayed taking our main course until we were nearly done with the appetizer. I rarely second guess the wait staff as I do not know how many are serving tables etc but this delay made my gf remark to me and it was something we did discuss on the ride home. When it becomes a point of reference I usually mark it in a review.Main course was served promptly and I must say the food was heaven. My Veal Parmigiana was exquisite and certainly much better than Carabbas or a similar place. My guests loved the Tortilini which had a wonderful buttery/smooth velvet taste. Combined with the bread it was a succulent experience. Definitely something to look forward to again or maybe try something slightly different. The pomadoro  sauce was also outstanding on my side spaghetti which I wound up taking home.I really appreciate the Owner/Chef checking on us 3 different times..asking how the food was and if we needed anything else. A superior host is always the sign of an attentive local unique eatery. As a fellow New Yorker I loved that he came from Brooklyn which just made the experience that much more authentic. As the guests wore down the sound expectantly dissipated which made for easy dessert conversation. I was rewarded with a Tirimisu cake for my birthday. While I usually do not like coffee based cake this was very delicious and splitting it with my table was a nice touch.So 4 stars for the first time out..would have been 5 but for these small but salvageable itelms1. Service could have been a little better but still 4 people 1.5 hours was not bad at all2. The Calamari was mostly the extra fried part..I would say maybe 60% we ate, the rest went back on the plate.3. A nice wine list is great; I consider a Riesling to be a staple of many menu's and it would have been nice to have a glass with dinner. Call me picky but that is why I write these kind of reviews. When I go back if this changes I will be sure to edit it appropriately as I do for all my reviews.
2	My first so far "Not so good" review. Went with a Groupon(like) deal and really wanted to try and make a nice dinner out evening with the Fam based on a lot of more than good reviews on here. Greeted and sitted promptly. Waitress was nice and friendly and we chatted a bit before we ordered. It went downhill from there... Though the atmosphere is nice and clean .. I was not really all that impressed.. Owner, owner's son, wife and granddaughters were there visible and audible (and who knows maybe some other family members). A lot of people will point that as a really cool thing... but for some reason I felt like it was a bit too much... Owners son working as a waiter was going round the tables (did not make it ours, which was quite all right with us) with a little bingo for a chance to win a free dinner - i though a little cheesy.. Ordered food and were brought my husband's drink - which was served wrong (vodka/soda on side ordered - brought mixed, a bit more on the ice/soda side)... Anyway - we should have been drinking wine and not hard liquor at an Italian restaurant, right? So... that was no big deal... waited for great food... What a surprise when food was brought out... Mine and my daughter's were a little more than mediocre (mine - fettuccine with chicken and her's spaghetti with meatballs from the kids menu)... and my husband's was a whole different story. He ordered Lemon chicken - half chicken with roasted potatoes and veggies on the side... We both could swear this was half chicken bought the day before from Fry's or Safeway.... It wasn't even warm enough to fool one that it was cooked right there and then. Potatoes were half cooked and vegetables looked like they were overcooked. He literally had a couple of bites and moved his plate to the side... I had to taste it to make that what he was saying was what he was saying... Unbelievable... We shared my plate and he walked out (NOT happy and still hungry) as I stayed behind to pay the bill. Even with the Groupon I felt like it was too much money we were leaving there for what we got (did not get!) and when waitress came back with the bill and asked how everything was.... I HAD to say something... She brought the owner over and after a couple of trips back and forth for him to find out what happened and 20 min later (husband waiting outside!)... He took my husband's meal cost out of the bill and handed a to go box with a little tiramisu square (complements from the owner?!)... Will not go back again... unless I have to be there and someone else is paying the bill (and still might walk out hungry, just like my husband did!). One a second though - I will not go back. Period! Will not recommend the place to you... you are better off throwing a Bag of Bertoli in a pan if you crave Italian! The ** are one for the server and one for the appetizer served while you wait for your food... if it wasn't for that ... it would have been no *'s.
3	Joe the owner rocks!Sara from Spain is a gem!The bread and condiments to die for( watch the oil though, it is spicy) gravy a little bland but I like spicesTiramasu is one of the best I have had. Meatballs are unique. Half pork and half veal.i can't wait to go back for a NY Back Door pizza.I don't  think it is as good as Gaspers though but I will go back and try something else. And I loved Joe at first sight. Ahhhhhh good ole NewYorkers! I miss it!
5	Wow! So good!We've been here three times now and have left super satisfied each time.We love that it's an independent restaurant and we are supporting a local business.The service is great. The owner/his wife are always there. Joe (the owner) makes a point of coming around to each and every table to make sure his customers are satisfied. Last night, we were talking to him and mentioned that we are getting married next month and he gave us each a free glass of champagne. How thoughtful! All the staff wants you to leave satisfied.The food is by far the best Italian food in Phoenix, possibly anywhere. It has tons of flavor, tastes fresh, and homemade. Get the minestrone soup to start- best anywhere. The pastas never disappoint.Cute setting and great atmosphere! Go tonight!
4	Good old fashioned Italian.We had a Groupon, so I made a reservation for a Saturday night. We loved the atmosphere and decor. Service was great. Extremely professional yet warm. We have had bad service before because we had a Groupon but our server was excellent. The bread before the meal is very good. The foccacia is a bit spongy but very flavorful. I ordered the eggplant parmesean. It was so tasty! The pasta and marinara on the side was good, but not great. My husband ordered the spaghetti and meatball. He LOVED the meatball but had the same lukewarm feelings about the spaghetti. My husband's beer was reasonably priced but my Reisling was $9 and it was one of less expensive glasses. I wanted a cocktail but was scared away by the price. Their prices on wines and liquor are my only major complaint. We really, really want to try their Backdoor pizza. It looks amazing!Overall Aiello's is a perfect restaurant for a date night.
5	Excellent Italian Dinner~I picked up Aiello's "to go" last week and it was fantastic.  For two people we shared the Eggplant Rolatini w/ fresh Ricatta cheese & the Gnocchi Pesto.  With the assorted bread it was a fantastic dinner for two, and of course Tirimisu for dessert.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  I look forward to going back again!~  I used my Groupon i received a few months ago and was able to get the full dinner for under $35.  Not bad!
5	This was my 3rd time I had been to Aiello's and it was all around the best yet again.  I love the fact that the pricing is right which means that the taste and style of the food does not suffer.  The people working there are very friendly and knowledgable in what they are serving as well.I had the Pork Chops with hot peppers, and let me tell you, it was YUM!  My friend has the italian sasuage and peppers (which he said was the best he had ever had).  The wine was great too!I also love when they come to your table and ask you to pick a number between 1-90, if you guess the correct number, you dinner is free!  It will happen to me one day!I also love the fact that the owner comes and chats with you and makes sure everything is ok, you can tell he takes pride in his cooking and restaurant.  If you are looking for amazing italian food in Phoenix, look no further than Aiello's!They also well pizza's in the back every night!
5	We eat here about every 6 weeks and absolutely love it!  The food is great. The atmosphere and service are top notch. And Joe and Myra are the best!  Don't forget to try the zabaglione and Myra's one of a kind tiramisu. You will not be disappointed.
5	Okay, what could I possibly add to this review that the others haven't covered? I doubt much. I'm Italian and was raised in an Italian part of the city in New Jersey, so I judge every "so called" Italian restaurant by very tough standards and Aiello's passes every one of them.Joe, the owner, is the real deal New Youk Italian bringing the traditional northeast Italian to the Southwest. Not only is the food true to form, but Joe himself is about as personable an Italian guy as you'd find. You might as well be eating in his own kitchen as far as he's concerned.I live 30 minutes away and willingly make this trek a couple times a month. It's real Italian and hard to find.
4	My bf & I went to this restaurant unplanned for a late lunch super early dinner. We got here @ 530pm on Saturday and was so happy that we were the last table they took w/o a ressie! Everyone else after us had to settle for the bar. I bought a Groupon for this restaurant and had read the reviews previously so I was excited to try some authentic Italian food! First off -- BREAD OMG amazing! And the hot peppers my bf was IN LOVE with! The butter was like some garlic butter amazing-ness! Super good! We split the Caprese sald (like always!) it was $9, 4 pieces total. Then we each got the Eggplant Parm. which was $17 each - comes with a side of spagetti, very good! Then we both ended with our own canolli! ($7 each and VERY good!) I had 1 glass of white wine and my bf has 2 run&coke. The bill was a bit expensive, came to $60-something minus the $30. But I think it was worth it. My bf wants to try the backdoor pizza one day. I think when we are at Postinos across the street we will grab a pizza on the way home. I think you can reserve them (hopefully) b/c they only make 50 pizza pie doughs/day. I would return again :)
3	Excellent bread and the meatballs are to.die.for. Veal and pork with little-to-no binder. The meat is ground fine and the huge portions are super-tender. This is the real deal, no doubt about that! Service at the tables was excellent, I had a nice wine pairing with my dinner, and the bread is delicious with the spicy oil and herbed butter! I liked how the owner worked the room like Artie Bucco - that was a nice touch. This is a real family establishment. Service at the bar disappointed me the most, though. Although I had a seat and the bar was not full, no one seemed to give a shit that we were sitting there for 10 minutes until Artie came out to see what's doin' and that was when we were able to tell him we wanted to order drinks. And then he told the bartender to get us something, which she did, silently. I had to ask to be served, then ask for a refill, then ask for my tab, then stand there awkwardly waiting for the bartender to return with it while she attended to other business in the meantime while holding my card...?
5	I don't know where to start on extolling the virtues of Aiello's.  I'm first generation Italian, who grew up in PA...so I'm a little snobby about my Italian food.  My Mom and Dad made the best and dining at Aiello's last night brought me right back to my childhood.  Sunday dinners at Uncle Pete's were the best and that's the feeling I received from Aiello's.The decor is relaxing and inviting...reminds me of paintings of Tuscany.  Our waitress was superb and explained the specials in great detail.  I had a very difficult time deciding but finally settled on Spaghetti with Meatballs.  Oh, it was delicious comfort food for this homesick gal. The meatballs are tender, and huge!  Pasta is cooked to perfection with a tomato sauce (gravy) that was light but coated the pasta well.A nice touch on the tables was the peppers in olive oil. They were spicy!  The bread was sooooo tasty.  Crusty on the outside and tender on the inside.  Sadly I didn't have room for dessert..that will be another trip all on its on.  Aiello's .. Ti adoro!
3	Tried this place today for the first time. Great ambiance and equally great service. My husband bought the Italian sausage which he absolutely loved. I got chicken fettuccine  which actually tasted exactly like the Italian we make at home using the packaged vodka sauce sold at Fry's. This definitely was a waste of $18 for me, I wish I had ordered something else which was more of their delicacy. For the price we paid, I probably would have rather spent the money someplace else.
5	Excellent food! Excellent service! Will be back again! Maria
4	Went to Aiello's for my b-day and really enjoyed the food and service. Everyone was extremely nice and we even got to play their "bingo" game for a free dinner (we didn't win). I had the breaded chicken with marinara sauce which was HUGE! Portions at this place are insane, I don't think that I even ate half. The fillet Mignon is heaven in your mouth, it was butterflied and topped with mushrooms ( a little too much mushrooms though). Overall, this is a great place to dine at, small little romantic place with good music also. A little pricey, but I believe it's worth it for the atmosphere, food, and friendly service. :)
5	Aiello's is awesome and is a great date restaurant.Very low key, relaxing environment with really good Italian food.I've been to Aiello's a hand full of times and would say that my favorite menu items are the lasagna, chicken parm, and the spaghetti with meatballs. Aiello's has the best meatballs I've ever had. Also, Joe the owner is very friendly and really makes you feel at home.Aiello's has a decent wine list and has very reasonable prices.Awesome food, very friendly service, and reasonable prices, gives Aiello's five stars.
5	Great food as always.  The owner is incredibly professional, friendly and charismatic;came buy three times to check in on experience and even asked if we wanted more antipasto salad items(on an already generous, well-priced portion.)  The service is great.  Homemade breads.  Extremely generous portions.  I would highly recommend this restaurant to all.
5	We were in town on Business and Pleasure and had a chance to visit Aiello's with our Children, 10 and 7.  What a TREMENDOUS experience it was overall and then to top it all off, a chance to win "dinner on the house" via drawing a number out of a bucket, was simply superb.  We didn't win but will definitely come back next time we are in town as the food, staff, and overall dining experience was unbeatable!
5	I grew up in NY,  I know good Italian food.  This is a fine dining experience.  The place is spotless clean, prices are fair, and service was perfect.  Now on to the food.... I had Chicken Parm; it was perfect.  The breast was pounded flat to fill more than half the dinner plate.....a lost art.  My girlfriend Karen, had the lasagna which she loved.  Portions are huge and they are accommodating to substitutions. Joe the owner comes to everyones table and is genuinely concerned that you enjoyed your meal, very personable and plays a "tumble" game that just adds a nice touch to a fine dining experience.  He noticed my girlfriends dog tags and asked her if she was in the service.   She replied no that her son TJ was currently in Afghanistan in the service.  When he heard this he said "bring him in when he gets home, I'll buy him dinner"   That won my heart to continuing to patronize this restaurant.....the food already won my belly.  Must see in Phoenix!
5	Definitely low key, good atmosphere to talk 1-1 or a small group.dim setting = romantic.Prices were reasonable even if not restaurant week.Food was amazing and quick service.Desserts-Tiramisu was to die for! you can taste the coffee and it smelled great!
2	We had reservations for two tables on Open Table, they seated us next to each other and then the owner came out and merged the two tables.  This was a big mistake!!  We spanned two serving stations and the waiter that was waiting on the other end of the table inherited us.  He ignored the three of us that were sitting at the end, not taking our drink order for 10 minutes, and he passed by my empty plate at least 6 times before it was picked up, where the other end of the table when they were finished eating he promptly removed their plates.  The food was excellent, it's too bad that a waiter with a poor attitude was where we were seated.  The atmosphere is great.  The owner left before we were done eating or I would have complained to him at that point.
4	This review is based on two visits. One was hands down a 5 star experience. The second was a 3 star. Let me just say before I get into the review that I LOVE this restaurant. And will go back. Many times. Every visit to any restaurant isn't going to knock the ball out of the park.THE FOOD: On the 5 star night, I was out with my boyfriend and his friend and we all thought our dishes were great. I had the lasagna, which had just the right amount of spice in the sausage. Nice sized portion, perfectly cooked. Others had a spinach ravioli dish and the pesto gnocchi dish. All of our plates were as clean as we could get them. If there would have been any of the bread left, I might have used it to sop up the small amount of sauce remaining.On the 3 star night, I was with a large group. I had the Chicken Fiorentina. I had to fight myself to not order the lasagna again and to try something different. I wish I had stayed with the lasagna. There was nothing wrong with the chicken at all. Cooked great, nice creamy panna sauce, perfectly cooked green beans on the side, just not as big of a fan of it as I was of the lasagna. Next time....   Several people had the chicken cacciatore and professed it delicious. THE SERVICE:On the 5 star night, we had the service you would expect for a 5 star review. She was attentive, charming, gave valuable opinions/information on what to order. Wonderful.On the 3 star night, I didn't have a problem with the service at all. This is based on what others in our group have said. Some said he was inattentive, seemed bored, insincere, etc.  Again, just like the chicken vs. lasagna argument above, I would have preferred to have the waitress from the first night, but the waiter from our second visit was fine. One person in our group manages a Scottsdale restaurant and I asked him if he was finding the service lacking. He had a good point when he said, "If I was waiting on 10 gay men of a certain age, I would be falling all over that table." It's true. Gay men as a group tip handsomely.I'll say it again though. I LOVE this restaurant. I love that Joe comes out and chats with you. I love the ambiance. Maybe someday I'll try something else on the menu, but next time is definitely the lasagna again.
4	Due to the abundance of reviews, I will keep mine brief. The service was excellent and I appreciated that the owner personally came by to check on our table. Ordered the famous spaghetti and meatballs and found it to be just okay and wishing I ordered the lasagna, however, everyone else in my party was very happy with what they had. Aiello's is a little far from me, but I wouldn't mind giving this place another try or visiting their other location.
2	I want to start off by writing that the service was very good, and everyone was extremely attentive even with a packed restaurant.  With that being said,it was the food that fell short. They claim the food is east coast Italian, but I'm from NY, and practically lived on Italian food, and it didn't taste anything like back home. I played it safe and tried the spaghetti and meatballs. I agree with another reviewer when she wrote the meatballs were very bland, the pasta its self was almost al dente (under cooked), and the whole dish lacked any kind of taste or creativity. And theItalian bread tasted a day old. I just want a decent chicken parm :(But if you enjoy places like Olive Garden, Macaroni Grill, etc....Then you'll probably like this place.  More so for their very friendly staff and owner/chef.
3	A friend and I visited Aiello's on a Thursday night, our reservations were for 8:00 and we only had to wait about 5 minutes for our table.  The hostess was unprepared and there is no space for waiting.  The place was just finishing the dinner rush.  We sat at a table where we could see into the kitchen.  We ordered the Eggplant Rollatini as an appetizer and it was a very small portion, though it was delicious.  The bread was fresh and the herbed butter was delicious.  We both ordered the Pesto Gnocchi.  We enjoyed our dinner, but felt it was a bit overpriced.  The waitress was very unattentive.  My drink went unfilled for quite a while and it took ages for her to take our order.  If the service were better I would have rated this restaurant 4 stars.  As I said, the portions were small and the service was lacking.  I will not return.
2	We wanted to like this place, we really did. But we were seated for 15 minutes when the owner came around and noticed that we didn't have any silverware. Only then did our server show up to take our drink orders. We sat and sat for an hour before our food came out (on a Tuesday night), and only then did we get any silverware. Our server never apologized for the ridiculously slow service. She never even acknowledged it, which makes me think that slow service is the standard. The veal parmigiana was delicious, but the lasagna was only so-so. It had big balls of sausage in it, which was rather odd.
4	I am a Postino's fan and have always wondered about that Italian place next door.  So when a Groupon came up for Aiello's I jumped on it.  We went on a Saturday night thinking the ambience was not going to be what we enjoy but we were wrong.  It has an open floorplan with many windows. The bar and dining room are not separated which is a plus because we usually like sitting in the bar anyways.  We sat right in the middle of the restaurant facing the bar which had a huge wreath full of lights on the rock wall behind the bar.  It's not Christmas time or anything but the wreath was great.  The restaurant is pretty romantic. The outdoor patio needs some work. Italian food is my favorite and their Italian food is delicious!  So all in all I would definitely go there again.
3	Great atmosphere, small place though so during peak times I am sure you will want to have a reservation. The stuffed artichoke appetizer was amazing. They even let me order it at lunch when it isn't on the menu. Great service. The meatball hero was very good. the salad that comes with it is just ok, the balsamic house dressing is a little strong and may not be for everyone. My guest had the spaghetti and meatballs and thought it needed some garlic or oregano, something to give it some more flavor. My meatballs were covered in cheese.
5	Ambiance: 5; classy,intimate setting, no more than 20 tables, candle litCuisine:5 delectable dishes done right. I highly recommend the gnocchi pesto.Service: 4, good, some are younger/. Chef also visited our table to check in!!!
5	The first time I came here was with my husband on my birthday, during December 2010. It was by accident. We were just going to go to Postinos, but it was ridiculously crowded, so he said, "Why don't we try that place over there instead?" We walked over to Aiellos and checked out the menu, and immediately decided to give it a try. The host watched us and smiled and said, "I knew you guys would come in!" and it was all over from there!That night I had the veal parmigiana. It was really, really good! My husband had one of their raviolis. The service was absolutely wonderful! At the end of dinner, even Joe stopped by to say, "Hi!" He usually has a surprise at the end of dinner too and makes it a point to greet everyone with this surprise game. If you guess correctly, your dinner is on them! It's true! I know this because one of my best friends won a free dinner for her and her husband when they went there for new year's!Ever since that night, whenever there is a special occasion, we go there, even if it's a 40 minute drive away. The osso bucco was delicous and tender when we went there for my best friend's birthday, and so is the veal marsala which my husband and I had for our 4th wedding anniversary this past September . I always try to order a different dish each time, but it's hard when you already found dishes that you love.My guitar instructor, who grew up with his family in New Jersey, loves this place after I recommended it to him. He, his wife, and his entire huge east coast originating family are regulars at Aiellos now. I always ask him for recommendations on true Italian dishes that Aiellos makes, and they always turn out tasty and amazing!This place feels so quaint and intimate! It feels like a "local" restaurant which is refreshing compared to having to go to chain restaurants all the time! I miss having places like these, where the owner recognizes you when you come in and treats you like family! Not many places have that feel anymore.
3	Our meal at Aiello's Italian restaurant was just okay.  We expected more - more flavor, that is!  Mostly the food was bland and tasteless.  A Groupon deal was our  motivation to visit this restaurant.To begin with our friendly server suggested a wine - we were surprised to learn it was a pricey $12 a glass. And my lunch buddy said he didn't particularly like the wine either.  Be sure to check the wine list BEFORE ordering.  A warm basket of bread was brought to the table. However, the bread was not chewy or tasty but had an odd cakelike texture.I was expecting a hearty minestrome soup.  This was not hearty - a thin, bland tomato broth with lots of pasta.  Adding some grated parmesan gave some flavor. Olive Garden's pasta fagioli soup is 100 percent better.I had the seared salmon over curly pasta in a light creamy sauce.  It was tasty probably due to the crushed red pepper I asked for.  Leftovers that I removed from my frig the following day were rock hard.  I guess the sauce wasn't all that light - probably lots of cheese and butter.  My buddy liked his pork panini although the huge leaves of rapini made for messy eating.Had to try the Italian ricotta cheesecake but wish I hadn't bothered.  It was a big slice, bland and flavorless - 8 dollars a slice!  Lately other restaurants are offering smaller desserts which I like - less calories and cheaper. I guess we'll stick with Olive Garden.  We enjoy their meals a lot better.
4	my girlfriend took me here for my Birthday since she knows that I like italian food.  This place was very nice and delicious.  The aimbiance was great and the food was amazing!   I had the stuffed mushrooms which were really fantastic.  I dont think I have ever had them better anywhere else. (Sorry Radda)  We also had the Minestrone which was really good too.   For dinner I had the lasagna and my girlfriend had the  Pesto Gnocchi.  I really need to learn more adjectives but they were both delicious as well.   After dinner when they brought us a check the waiter asked up to pick a number between 1 and 92.  As it was my birthday we choose 32. The waiter shook up a jar and reached into it and pulled out a cube with the number 24 on it.  He said that if it woudl have been the number i choose our dinner would have been free.What a neat idea!    The table of 4  behind us actually did pick the right number and had a free dinner so i guess it does happen.  Very nice place.  I would reccommend it highly!
4	First of all, can all you wannabes with inflated egos who use Groupons stop insisting "I'm not one of those Grouponers who...a. doesn't tip wellb.  won't buy more than  (fill in the blank) dollars worth of ...(usually, twice the amount of the Groupon).c.  fill in the blank.Get over yourself:  YOU'RE USING A Groupon; therefore, YOU'RE NO BETTER THAN ANY OTHER GROUPONER. You wouldn't be at this place (whatever this place is) without the Groupon unless you needed to impress. People with money, real money, like a  Leonardo DiCaprio, Donald Trump, Bill Clinton, Caroline Kennedy, Martha Stewart, etc. don't use Groupons AND THEY NEVER WILL.  If going out meant they had to proffer a groupon, they would stay home.      Being thrifty is one thing, not wanting to pay full price for a meal out is quite another.  If the only reason you're going out is because of the discount why not just go to McDonalds?  Back to the restaurant at hand:  the problem with Aiello's is not the food, which is remarkably good for the price, and it's not the service, which is fine.  It might be the decor or the location.  Read the reviews - no one mentions what the place looks like, because the interior is bland.  It's clean, but circa 1973 (this is a guess).  No artwork, no color.  I think (I can't remember for sure) it has white walls.  There are some dark beams on the ceiling?  Some dark trim?  I remember looking at a bunch of tables that each sit 4 people in the large dining room we sat in.   Is there another room?   I don't know.   We were there on a Friday night.  Friday night at other restaurants in Phoenix is BUSY.  This place had quite a few empty tables.  The food is good, so what is the problem?  Some decorating might help.  The interior of an Olive Garden or a Red Lobster looks a lot better.  The food is about the same - pricewise.  Part of the fun of eating out is being in a place that's different from home.  I love Italian food, so  I want to feel without even looking at the food that I'm in an Italian restaurant.  Aiello's is an empty stage waiting for the set decorator and the scenery.  The location may not be the best either.  IT'S SAFE - that's not it.   It's either on Central or 7th Ave in central Phoenix, which is a high-end neighborhood.  I remember it being dark when we went - this is not in a strip mall, I think.  If it is, the other stores are closed.  I would guess that a lot of people in that area are driving to Scottsdale on Friday evenings.  People up north, and in the East and West Valleys have a few bucks, but who is going to drive to this location from those locations, especially when so many good restaurants are available in those areas?  I'm guessing that the owner may own the property, otherwise they would've moved to a different location years ago.
4	Found it by accident while on vacation with the family. Gave it a shot based on location close to our hotel and that the menu seemed to have several things on it that my family would be interested in. We were not diappointed. SETTING: Old school supper club feel. Private parking lot with a secret pizza takeout in the back. Don't let the dim lighting dissuade you. There are rewards for those that pass through the front door. The dining room is wide open, noisy when busy, semivisible kitchen and a full bar with a TV going. Reminds me of a family friendly joint with a casual feel but the lighting is dim enough to cast it in a date-night aura if need be. Several of the staff have NY Italian accents that only creates authenticity ad interest. To be honest, it is not going to be awarded stars for ambience or an ultra-romantic setting. It does get stars from me for giving off a vintage homey feel in a clean setting. The dining room was full with multiple turnovers during my Saturday night visit. . .the clientele clearly local and with several blue-haired couples and familes celebrating birthdays. SERVICE: Friendly, prompt, knowledgable. Willing to work with special orders and requests. Water glass never empty. No complaints. Chef Aiello was in the house and dropped by several times to see that we were being taken care of. The end of the meal guessing game that others have described is also great fun. We certainly felt wecome and had an enjoyable time.THE FOOD:  I give them a nod for going above and beyond easy to find Italian food. There are many places that can serve standard red sauce on pasta. This place certainly does that and authentically recognizes it as "Sunday Gravy" but it also puts some effort into items that are not always as easy to find in run of the mill Italian chains. Scungilli is a standard offering here and Osso Buco was a special during my visit. While the food was a little heavy on the EVOO, it was also heavy on the whole roasted garlic and the flavors. . .just my family's style. Also a nod to the reasonable variety on the wine list, heaviest on Italian imports and with price ranges to fit most budgets. Wine snobs will criticize the lack of classic, high end offerings and generic stemware but I found it to be right in the sweet spot of what this place was offering. . .Good food and a welcoming atmosphere at reasonable pricing that can appeal to a wide range of palates.SUMMARY: It hits my list of places worthy of return visits and that is probably the highest compliment I can give a restaurant. It will not be in the 5-star zone of fine dining but it hits all the important aspects of a meal out and then some.
4	Love this place..... been going for few years now. Good Italian.
5	Best Calamari ever. I'm talking in the USA-so far. First time eating at this restaurant, thanks to my son who found it first. We both love calamari done right. Light and crispy and chewy. The place is elegantly comfortable. I'll be going back. Also, no problem parking and our server was from Rome so for a few hours we spoke Italian and almost forgot we were in Phoenix.
5	Being an Italian from NY whose great-grandfather owned a pasta company in Italy, I take a lot of pride in my appreciation of good Italian food. I don't often go to Italian restaurants in my price range because I am often disappointed at the frozen, bulk ingredients and cheap sauces. Also, I eat out frequently so I rarely splurge and treat myself to "authentic" Italian cuisine. Now, I think I will need a 4th job to fund my more-frequent visits to Aiello's.The atmosphere is classy, but cozy and warm. My favorite style of restaurant is one where you feel like it was a home at some point and it doesn't feel sterile or manufactured. This is exactly what you'll find. The Aiello's have done a great job making you feel like you're walking into a restaurant run out of the back of their house.I was immediately greeted by the bartender/front of house manager and took a seat at the bar. Within a few minutes, I was given warm bread with spread & oil. I wasn't a big fan of the oil (there were red peppers soaking in it - not my thing) but the spread was tasty and the bread was fresh. I was tempted to order a glass of wine, but the selection for glasses was pretty limited (bottles were plentiful) so I decided I would wait and indulge in an after-dinner drink instead. The menu is just about perfect. Aiello's knows what it is and doesn't try to veer outside it - a mistake made by so many places trying to please everyone. Many of the Italian standbys are here along with some nice sounding dishes that have probably been tried throughout the years and stuck. I was between the Veal Paillard & the Linguine Fradiavolo and the bartender gladly suggested the latter and seemed proud to recommend it. While I was waiting for my food, Joe Aiello came from the back and said hello. He interacted with a few tables before stopping and chatting with me. We discussed New York and family among other things. This wouldn't be included in the review, except it was such a genuine, enjoyable conversation that it makes you want to go back sooner rather than later. Maybe it's a NY thing, but the owner who can work a room and leave his patrons hoping for a return visit is hard to find anymore.The food came out in reasonable time, was presented wonderfully and would have been photographed if my phone had flash. The two shrimp were so big, they needed to be cut in half to eat - and possibly could have been quartered. The rest of the seafood was plentiful and fresh. The way the dish blended together was impressive. The pomodoro was indeed lite (as described in the menu) and really allowed for the pasta and fish to shine.  The portion size was large enough that I was able to take lunch home for the next day but was not obnoxiously large. After dinner, I asked for a coffee drink of Kahlua, amaretto & Bailey's. They were out of Bailey's so I asked the bartender to create something. I'm pretty picky so this was risky but I had faith. Sure enough, he came up with an ideal drink to end the night with - though I wish I remembered what it was so I can order it again.If there's better Italian in Phoenix, I've yet to find it. The prices aren't cheap - nor should they be - you are getting your money's worth. Most dishes fall into the $15-25 range which is a good value for the quality and portion size. I cannot wait to go back - and you should not wait to go there.
5	yup.  nothing i would change at aiello's.  easy to find with the large lit sign out front.  the parking lot was large and plent of empty spaces.  i made a reservation so right when we walked in they sat us.  i can't eat spicy so the oil and peppers were too much for me but i did try the oil and bread.  we ordered the calamari app and loved it.  light and fluffy!  i had the salmon with capers, beans and potato thingy.  yummm!  to top it off we had the tirimisu.  service was great.  would go back.
5	What took me so long to give it 5 stars?? Aiello's is now my go-to place for dates and visiting family. They're always wowed!
4	Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum. After a prior poor experience at Tomaso's and other Phoenician Italian eateries, I was almost certain I would just have to wait for my next trip home to get some good pasta. Enter Aiello's. OMG. (Did I just say "OMG"?? How embarrassing... the pasta made me do it.) To us, Aiello's was always that shadowy little restaurant next to our perennial favorite, Postino. Now we wonder why we didn't walk across the street more often! The first time we went, I had the special, a mushroom ravioli that I cannot stop thinking about even to this day. Earthy, savory, creamy, tender... it was after the first bite that I knew I would become a regular at Aiello's. My wife opted for the veal paillard. It was a bit tough, and we ended up eating the ravioli together and taking the veal home. Dessert was a cannoli and coffee. Just okay in my opinion. The cream was not smooth and had a weird grainy texture. Still, Aiello's was on our good list. Recently, after a harrowing day (see my wife's review of Back to Basics Automotive for the scoop), I was miserable and hungry. My wife knew that the pasta from Aiello's would perk me right up, so she whisked me off and made sure I had a glass of wine in hand as soon as we were seated. We ordered the cold antipasti platter for two and were not disappointed. It wasn't the plated in the most artistic way, but it was so delicious that we soon left nothing but an oily smear anyway. For dinner, we shared the Tortolloni Alla Panna. OMG. The cheese-filled tortolloni was fresh, perfectly cooked, and well balanced by the peas and prosciutto. The cream sauce left me speechless (which I'm sure my wife appreciated). It was the perfect comfort food I needed after my terrible day.A note about the ambiance, since other reviewers have given it a bad rap... I like it! The walls and lines are clean (not sterile), uncluttered, and soothing. It feels as fresh as the food. Simple, honest, straightforward, and still cozy. The lighted Christmas wreath that stays lit over the bar all year long is a little weird, but I like a restaurant with a quirk or two. Aiello's has to be one of the most surprising, pleasant culinary discoveries of ours in the last few months. We will be back again and again.
4	The wife and dine out frequently, I have spent a significant amount of time in Italy and this food will make me brave the ride down Central again. I was a little worried when we got there as we got the previously critiqued "table for two by the patio door". Fortunately for us, most of the meal went by with an empty patio, so no worries...more on that later.For starters the bread is fantastic! I understand the owners also have a deli which makes perfect sense. We ordered some stuffed mushroom/zucchini appetizer (not on the on line menu) and it was absolutely wonderful. The mushrooms were well cooked and the stuffing was awesome.The zucchini was covered in a delicious red sauce/mozzarella combination that was equally tasty. For dinner, I ordered the Veal Saltimbocca alla Romana. It isn't on their in house menu, but they do make it. It was perfectly sauteed and the Marsala was nicely balanced and did not overpower the tender veal. My wife ordered the Vongola in the white sauce. Her words were "scrumptious, mmm, ohhhh," followed by a huge smile. At this point, she extracted a promise for a return trip.The staff is attentive and having the owner come by is the perfect touch. And was that REAL silverware? Of course, the complimentary glass of wine he laid on us for accepting the table near the patio door was a bonus. Back to that...If it was me and I had a choice of that table or waiting...I would wait. While for most of our meal, the patio was empty, it did not end that way. The rush of air created a noise and temperature disturbance which would have been irritating if it went on during our entire meal. If you decide that you are starving and can't wait...well don't complain...you've been warned.The only reason I am not giving this five stars is the decor. I don't think much consideration has been given to the interior environment in some time. I know that chef is busy and they have a Deli, times are tough, etc...but a little paint and decor update would go a long way.
2	We went here for our anniversary dinner. I wasnt that impressed. My husband picked out this resturaunt because of the other rave reviews. Honestly, I felt like I was going blind with the very dim lighting. I understand its for a romantic feel, but maybe a light or two above each table would help?? When i see poor lighting like this, I feel like they are hiding something. When I got my Filet (i know, i know, who orders a filet at an italian resturaunt? keep reading about how the server answered my questions and you'll understand why i decided to go with the "safe bet") it only emphasized my feelings. I ordered a medium - medium rare filet, and it definitly came out closer to well done. I didn't find that out til after i took a bite into it, and immedietly spit it back out. The wine flavor isnt my thing, and the well done thing isnt either. My dog loved it though! =)When i asked the waitress about a certain dish, she replied back like I was an idiot. Rather than answering a yes or no question on a sauce, she detailed the process of how the sauce is made, still without answering my question. Maybe that was lack of communication. Had it not been my anniversary dinner, i think i would have dug more for my answer.I did enjoy how the cook/owner of the resturaunt came and greated our table, and asked how our dinner was. That was a nice touch. But our server didnt pay much attention to us regardless of how few people were there. All in all, I kind of wish my husband had taken us across the street to Postino's rather than here. I probably should have voiced an opinion here or there, but again. It was supposed to be a nice night out, so i didnt want my husband to think he had done a horrible job in choosing a resturaunt. But later, when we discussed it, he said i should write a review, just so others could get a heads up! If you're looking for a nice, dark night out, to keep to yourselves, where you could probably get a bit frisky in the corner if your adventerous enough! this may be the place for you!
3	We've been here twice now & both times were just okay. Very noisy place! We prefer Oregano's better...portions are heartier there.  (Sorry, Aiello lovers). ps....At least at Oregano's, they show old time classic movies instead of the usual football game on their TV's...Let's leave football games to the Sports Bars, not at a nice italian restaurant.
5	Love this place! Amazing food - the pizzas out the back door are fantastic!
5	I already have two favorite restaurants in Phoenix and this may become my third! The food is so delicious it makes addicts out of its consumers. Now, I'm no Italian food expert (I'm not an expert anything except maybe smartass) but I can't remember when I've had better than Aiello's. This eatery has everything going for it - the food, waitstaff, atmosphere, and who I assume is the owner - a jovial, and often times loud, older man presumably in his 60's. He obviously knows how to run a damn fine restaurant. Each time I've been to Aiello's he's out at least checking on each table, usually stopping by to chat, and often times delivers your bill along with a fun game of chance where the stakes are a free meal on the house! I love this guy - he's the proverbial cherry on top of a superb dining experience. I could go on about how every entree I've sampled has damn near redefined what I think I know about Italian cuisine, or I could extol upon the virtues of their attentive and pleasant waitstaff. But what you really need to know is that you're missing out if you've never been!    =PWith no hesitation, I'd award Aiello's 5 stars.
4	I'd never had the pleasure of visiting Aiello's until last night. As a dining destination for New Year's Eve with a very dear friend I hadn't seen for years, it was superb. I agree with all the positive reviews which already reside here. The food (calamari...lobster ravioli...linguini fradiavolo...) was all terrific, and the Cabernet was just right. Kudos to the hostess - we had reservations and were seated immediately. Our waiter was attentive but not intrusive. It was a little noisy in the dining room (NYE, after all), but not obnoxiously so. And Joe? He's a card and a genuinely nice guy.Two snaps up and I can't wait to go back!
2	we had the back door pizza for a village and in a word...yuck.  i think the spinach was frozen and not fresh, the prosciutto had an unusual bitterness or was it the sauce? we also paid 8 bucks for two tins of lettuce with either bland dressing on one or little to no dressing on the other and maybe a few shavings of cheese.  soooo not worth the money.
3	The entrees were really good and the bread was fluffy and tasty. However, I found the calamari and cheesecake dessert rather bland. The batter on the calamari didn't have any taste an relied somewhat on the natural flavor of the squid, which isn't alot. And the cheesecake lacked sweetness and needed additional sugar. Still the atmosphere was good and the service was exceptional. Still it was hard to make up or the cost of the calamari and cheesecake.
5	Aiello's is my favorite Italian spot in the Valley.  In fact, I day dream about the Mushroom Ravioli Special - you can taste the love in this dish.   Great ambiance and a wonderful experience.  The staff are always attentive and professional.  The Owner makes a stop or two to make sure you're having a good time and they even let chance decide who pays for dinner, you or the house!Helpful hint:  Try no to get stuffed on the tasty bread and hot peppers served before the entree, you're going to want to finish it!
4	We came herr with a groupon to try this place out. The bread was fantastic. It was fresh, warm and very tasty. The oil and butter thay came with it also delicious. We shared the eggplant rollatini for an appetizer. The eggplant was perfectly good, no bitter flavor. The blend of cheese balanced perfectly with the tangy, fresh tasting tomato sauce. If this was an entree, I would order this! My husband had the spagetti and meatballs, i had the bolognaise. The meatballs were a pleasant surprise. This is something we just never order, as it is always disappointing. The meatballs were huge and flavorful, clearly made mostly of meat, not filler. The bolognaise was divine. Deep, rich, couldn't quite tell what they did to it but no matter. I enjoyed it thoroughly. We ended dinner with a cannoli, again fantastic. I can not wait to come back and try some of their other fantastic dishes!!! The service was great too and the chef comes out to say hello.
4	So good! Driving around Phoenix on a Saturday night looking for Italian, checking yelp, and we find Aiello's - what a treat!Cozy ambiance, enticing aromas greet you as you walk in the door. Smells the way I want an Italian restaurant to small - warm, slightly tomatoey, garlicky - welcoming :0)We were quickly seated though the place was crowded. Warm breads and spicy dipping peppers brought to table with drinks.....mmmmmmm.Service was friendly and knowledgeable - owner Joe stopped by to check in- was visible in the dining room throughout our visit - nice wine list - my medium red was smooth and fruity - entrees plentiful and prepared as you order them....this is not The Olive Garden! We were happy with both our choices and hope to return!! Wine, salad and entree for me was $30- excellent value for service and experience!!! Big recommendation for Aiello's !!!!!
4	My first experience with Aiello's was with the back of their restaurant ordering pizza. It was pretty memorable because I had a chance to chat with Joe Aiello. He was warm and friendly, and he was very proud of his food. That put me in a great mood, and allowed me to feel great about my purchase. With giant pizza en tow, I went home to commence the nomming. The pie was topped off with veggies and Joe's meatballs, and tasted delicious. Again, their pizza is huge, NY style to it's core. It's definitely the kind of pizza that you fold when you eat it...it's really the only way to avoid a mess. Keep that in mind.The second experience I had was during lunch. This time I got to meet Myrah Aiello. She was warm and sweet, and she was very hospitable. Because I had the meatballs on the pie before, I had to try their meatball parmigiana sandwich (which they only serve at lunch). While I waited, I got to nibble on some great bread and chili oil; it's a must if you go there. Shortly after I finished most of the chilis, the server came out with  two fist-size meatball in a delicious looking roll. I'm talking "Over the Top" trucker fist-size meatballs, just huge! Huge and mighty tasty! They were cooked perfectly, and the marinara paired perfectly with it. I was only able to eat half.With a couple of great owners and good food, this place should be a no-brainer to anyone looking for a moderately-priced Italian meal. The next thing I want to try is their Salumeria on 7th!
5	Again, Aiello's was an amazing experience!  I took my bf here for his birthday and it was another great meal.  The service is really what makes the experience a 5-star, along with the amazing food.  I love walking into a restaurant and smelling the great food instantly.We ordered the caprese salad, which was comp't because the server was embarrassed to bring it out with no basil, which they were out of!  I had the ziti and the bf had tortilini.  The meal was amazing and the service was top-notch!  We had a chance to chat with the owner a couple of times.I love this place and will keep coming back when I need a great Italian food fix!
4	Had an opportunity to take our Canadian guests to Aiello's for supper on the weekend.  It was a a moderate drive but we were not disappointed.  We were rewarded with pleasant surroundings, attentive service and good food.  The complementary hot pepper starter was unusual and tasty when coupled with the fresh bread.  The Mushroom Ravioli Special was especially enjoyed by my spouse and the other entrees brought favorable reviews from our guests.  All in all an enjoyable dining experience.
3	I had dinner at Aiello's with eleven others last Saturday.  Upon entering, I was hit with the wonderful aroma of Italian food and quickly took note of the cozy ambiance (always important to me).  This seemed to be a good date spot as there were several tables with couples.  Also, the restaurant was full of patrons but did not seem crowded, which was nice. They did not have my white of choice, Riesling, so I opted for a glass of the Salvalai Pinot Grigio ($8).  We skipped appetizers and instead noshed on the fresh bread and dipping sides (loved the spicy peppers). I wanted to try the pesto gnocchi but when I saw spaghetti alla puttanesca ($15) on the menu, I had to order it.  Puttanesca is one of my specialties, so I was interested in finding out how their version would compare to mine.  When the waitress set the plate in front of me, I was excited; the smell and look of the dish was right.  However, when I took the first bite, I noticed right away it was too salty.  The olives were served whole (there were quite a few of them) and the chef was a little too heavy-handed with the olive oil and anchovies.  Since the puttanesca sauce require ingredients that are already salty (capers, olives, anchovy fillets), it's especially important to balance the salty items with the rest of the ingredients.  When I make the sauce, I slice the Kalamata olives, which helps to temper the briny saltiness. I also add a bit of dry, red wine for added flavor. For dessert we ordered the tiramisu and cannoli.  I took a bite of each and thought the tiramisu was too light (barely any coffee flavor), but the cannoli was delicious!I was too distracted by the conversations at our table and only managed to get a few pictures of the dishes from that night.  The others gave the food two thumbs up, so this gives me hope for my next visit.Our waitress was friendly and attentive.  Kudos to her for being willing to split the check multiple ways.
5	I'm in Phoenix for the week on business, and of course, I took to Yelp to find great restaurants near me.  I'm always jonesing for some good Italian food, so I finally settled on Aiello's.  I took some higher-ups to dinner there tonight, so I wanted to be sure I picked the perfect place for us.  And I did exactly that. We were first struck by the restaurant's exterior.  Very quaint, and the lights in the tree in the front just created the nicest ambiance.  We were immediately greeted by a very friendly hostess who sat us immediately.  We showed up around 6:30pm on a Tuesday, and we were a little taken aback by the fact that there was only one other party eating inside at that time.  But a half hour later, the place was nearly packed. Our waitress was immensely friendly.  We had water and bread in front of us before we had even ordered our drinks.  My two fellow diners went with the ravioli of the day (prosciutto with caramelized onions), and I selected the carbonara.  I have to say the food was simply outstanding.  The carbonara was flavorful and rich while not overpowering.  The pasta was fresh (if it's not homemade, it's definitely imported - you can just tell the difference) and done perfectly.  The portion was just enough.  I wasn't stuffed, but I certainly didn't leave hungry.  While I didn't taste the ravioli, they looked excellent, and my party loved it.  Having enjoyed the delicious dinner so much, I decided to throw caution to the wind and order dessert.  Why not?!  I went with my favorite dessert item: cannoli.  I will say that I have had better cannoli.  I prefer the filling to be a bit colder and a tad grittier.  But it was certainly still delicious.  It just didn't floor me.  I also ordered a cup of coffee, and the waitress brought out a cup and a French press pitcher.  Way cool.  To top off the evening, the owner came out and greeted us and then offered us a chance to play a game.  We had to pick a number from 1-90 (I went with 35 since I just had my birthday on March 5th), and if he drew our number out of this cup, we would have gotten our dinner for free.  Well, we didn't win (the winner was 24), but it was still a neat little bit of fun at the end of the meal.  He asked us repeatedly how our dinner was.  I really appreciate when owners/chefs do that. Aside from the cannoli not holding up to some of the best cannoli I've had in the world, the food itself and the entire experience as a whole were just wonderful.  If I'm ever lucky enough to come back to Phoenix on business again, I'll recommend Aiello's.
5	I came here on a Friday night, reservations were at 8 but weren't really necessary. The places was crowded and lively, but not packed and obnoxious. We were seated right away and given water without having to ask and served bread, butter and a chile infused olive oil that was delicious.Our server was top-notch! She was friendly, personable and knew the menu like the back of her hand. Her wine suggestions were spot on and complimented the meal perfectly.I had the eggplant parmesan (which was more cheese than eggplant, but I am by no means complaining). The noodles were thick spaghetti noodles perfectly cooked (not quite al dente, but far from mushy). The sauce was flavorful and obviously homemade, just had no pizzazz. Wouldn't have minded a mild kick to it.For dessert I had the Italian Cheesecake. It had a hint of orange in it. While it was good, its definitely not the New York style cheesecake I have grown to love. Italian cheesecake is lighter and fluffier as it's made with ricotta instead of cream cheese. It's not as sweet or as rich as I like, so it didn't seem quite dessert-y enough for me, by no fault of the chef at Aiello's.The evening was ended with an employee coming to our table with what appeared to be a vase. It was filled to ask us to choose a number from 1-99. If I chose the same number she picked, our entire meal, minus alcohol, would be comped. I have a liking for the numbers 3 and 7, for which I cannot explain. I picked number 37, she picked 73. No free meal for us, but it was a fun touch to the end of a great evening!
2	Meatballs were big, but a little bland for my taste, also not enough marinara sauce. The service was so-so. Had to ask for bread 3 times before it arrived. They were all out of two different bottles of wine we wanted from their list. Other guests in my party felt the same, so much so that none wanted their remaining food boxed to go. The highlight of the evening was the tiramisu. That earned them the two stars. I had high hopes for this placed based n the other reviews. Maybe we caught them on an off night?  I don't know, but for the $250 we spent that night I doubt I'll come back.
4	Met a girlfriend for dinner at Aiello's last night and had a great time. It was a bit slow, being later on a Sunday night and all, but it was perfect, not to loud so we could talk and lots of attention from the wait staff. The service was great, it probably helped that my friend was somewhat of a regular there once upon a time. They made sure to take very good care of us. We started with a couple glasses of wine (duh!) and a house salad for her and a Caesar for me. Both very yummy and good portions as well. The bread they bring to the table is amazing as well, and it comes with butter and this awesome pepper infused oil for dipping, so good! Then I ordered the special, portabello stuffed ravioli and she had some angel hair pasta thing with zucchini and red sauce. Both awesome! The prices aren't too bad, average looked to be about $16 per entree and salads around $7.After dinner we moved to the patio, they sent out some lemonchello and a strawberries and creme dessert, very nice, and very yummy!I have seen Aiello's from the Postino patio many times and I am very glad I got to finally try it!
1	I have no clue how this place received so many good reviews. My mom is Italian, so I grew up eating and cooking New York Style Italian food and what came to our table was nothing of the sort. My husband took me here to celebrate my birthday and we were both so completely disappointed. I have never sent back food in my life, but we sent back TWO dishes - I could go on and on, but this place is closed now and it's horrid food is no more.
