5	what can I say, as an esthetician myself I am incredibly selective about who I trust to do my facials.Hauley is amazing, not only in her technique, but her knowledge of how the skin functions and what treatments are needed for correction.She uses Image and Murad skincare and her sweet little spa room is located in Moments salon.Even if you don't live in the Biltmore/Arcadia/Paradise Valley area, she is worth the drive for any chemical peel, facial or waxing needs.You will feel totally relaxed by her massage and leave with glowing skin!
5	Hauley is AMAZING!! One of the best facials I've had!! She totally relaxes you! She is super nice and fun and puts a smile on your face! I would totally recommend her! She knows what she's talking about and doesn't pressure you-which I love!! Everyone should go see her!
5	Hauley has given me one of the best facials ever!! I always walk out feeling refreshed and like my skin is glowing! She really knows what she's doing and makes you feel so comfortable and relaxed. I highly recommend her!!
5	My facial with Hauley began with a quick overview of the products I was using from the last time I had been in  - "Are you still using Apricot Scrub? Are you still on the same medication?".. She had memorized my history and right off the bat was educating me on the products I am currently using, and which ones I shouldn't be using based on my skin type. As she was working through the appointment she explained to me in detail which Murad product she was using, and how it would benefit my skin. Impressed by her knowledge of skincare and product I asked her how long she had been in this industry: 15 years. She had previously worked directly with Dr. Murad, and was also in a position where she trained other estheticians. All this being said, I had an incredible experience with Hauley. I walked out with glowing skin, and a few Murad products that will hopefully keep me beautimus in the weeks to come. Anyone with a zit-or-two or seeking some self-TLC should schedule time to visit her ASAP.
5	I have had many facials, none that compare to Hauley's. It combines the results of a clinical service with the relaxation of the most high end spa service. Every facial is consistent, and thorough. I always receive a full consultation. I love that her peels and clinical services are accompanied by a great massage, and a full service pampering facial. She creates an environment that allows you to completely relax and enjoy the clean methodical service that she provides. I have referred several "spa snob" friends and "friends that will only receive facials in a medical clinic" to Hauley and every one of them called to thank me afterward. She not only makes my skin look amazing, she gives me that much needed spoil time at an amazing price. I am always amazed afterward at how wonderful her facials actually are. She is a hidden gem in Phoenix, a must try!
