5	Hans Phillip Plumbing was referred to me by a Schimels Inspections Service. My water heater was leaking and I called Hans early in the morning. By mid morning his son had arrived with a new unit. Before he started the installation he inspected my unit and pointed out to me that I had a few months left on a 9 year warranty. After calling the manufacture David advised me that the unit would be replaced under warranty. I was prepared to pay for a new unit. I appreciate the company's integrity, prompt service, quality workmanship, and followup. I highly recommend this company.
5	I was recommended to Hans by my real estate agent and Hans did not disappoint. He arrived promptly, was very knowledgable and personable, and did very high quality work.  He put up with all of my questions and was willing to impart his knowledge to a plumbing neophyte.  We liked Hans so much, we included him in our family meal since we had been working a very long day.  I will definitely use Hans again!
5	Hans is WONDERFUL!!!!I was referred to Hans via my real estate agent and he is a wonder!  We had several unique plumbing issues and Hans addressed them all.  He was prompt, efficient, thorough, and saved us a lot of money. Hans left the worksite in immaculate condition. I can't say enough  good things about Hans. I absolutely will call him with any plumbing issues in the future.
5	Hans quoted a very good price, lower then other quotes we received from other plumbing companies. He arrived early, finished the job in a very short time & left the area very clean. Very courteous & there were no hidden costs. Would recommend & would use them again when needed.
5	Plumbers are like mechanics -- you just never know what you're going to get or expect or have much a clue what they're talking about.  I want to STRESS the importance that I'm as frugal as they come and read people very well.  After receiving six quotes, three of the plumbers didn't bother looking at my issue (drain was leaking downstairs into my living room) and charged me an astronomical amount).  Dave is a young, polite and professional plumber, his father, owns and runs the company.  It's obvious to me he's been trained really well and on how to treat potential and ongoing customers.  He came to give me a FREE estimate, checked out the issue and gave me the problem and explained it to me.  $250 less than any other quote and a fantastic job.  Well done, Dave.  I'll recommend you to anyone else.Cheers.Thank you,Jonathan
5	I called and spoke with David. Said he would be at my house in one hour and as advertised he arrived on time. David took the time to explain what the cause of the problem was and fixed it in no time at all. Very professional and courteous.I have this company on speed dial!
5	I have used a lot of plumbers in the Phoenix area for many decades this father son combo is the best I have run across. They arrive on time which is unheard of with other plumbers. Do exactly what they tell you they are going to do at a very reasonable price. Other Phoenix plumbers should train with these guys to see what running a family business and giving good customer service is all about!
5	I live in Maricopa and after searching on Yelp, called a local plumber thinking they would be less expensive.  However, they wanted $95 for a trip charge, even though they are located less than a mile away!  So I called Hans Philipp Plumbing because the reviews here are really good.  And they did not disappoint!David came to our house to fix a leak under our kitchen sink and install a new R.O System.  He did a great job and was thorough.  He was very pleasant and friendly too.  I will definitely use  them again!  And they only charged $45 to come all the way to Maricopa!
3	On time and reasonable service fees.  Seems to listen to what customer wants and knows what he's doing.  Quite friendly but professional.  Also seems thorough but takes his time; for the work he did for me, could've taken about 20 minutes at the most, since he basically fixed the drip by exchanging parts in the faucet but ended up spending an hour.  Just a note; he charges a separate visit fee in addition to his hourly rate. I didn't complain since when I called him I thought it was for a bigger problem and turned out it was nothing.  Overall, it wasn't a bad experience.
5	I had the recent pleasure of working with David and Hans with Hans Phillip Plumbing.  My water heater was old and giving me problems.  David suggested we try the cheaper options first before replacement.  When they weren't successful he refused to take any $ for his attempt even though there was no guarantee.  I decided to replace it but the replacement water heater heating element was way too loud for an inside the home water heater.  Hans agreed to replace it with another more quiet brand at no charge, despite my offer of extra $.  His sole goal was my complete happiness!  Imagine that!  My new very quiet water heater is working great!  Hans, you and David have more than earned my future business!  Thank you!
5	Best plumbing company I have every worked with, Hans was an absolute pleasure to work with- he came out the same day, got the things I needed done, and his prices were low. I will definitely call Hans for any plumbing service I ever need again, you are a blessing to world Hans thank you!
