5	I can't tell you just how good these guys are at their job. The staff in this branch and at their one on George Street have done nothing but impress me during all visits, I honestly can't complain about a thing. The service is always prompt and dealt with in a professional manner, I've never found queueing a problem and the staff have gone out of their way to help.In an age of poor sevice, and with all the current complications in the financial industry, Barclays have demonstarted just why they've weathered the financial storm of recent times through providing a service which I can't recommend enough.I promise my next review will revert to a tirade of abuse or filth.
1	I was so disappointed with the service at this branch. I had been expecting a phone call from them. After about 10 days they eventually called me during the Christmas holidays only to put me on hold for about 20 minutes and then said they would call me back to arrange an appointment. About a month later they got back to me apologising because they were understaffed. I couldn't make the time they had given me because of class and once again they said they would get back to me.They never did. In the meantime I took my business to a different bank. Ironically I got a letter about 4 weeks later saying that they were unable to reach me and that they had tried their best. Absolute rubbish. They are making excuses for poor customer management and if they are going to be like this even before I open an account with them, imagine what would happen if I needed something from their understaffed branch.
3	it's a bit hard to write a review about a bank.  i mean it's a bank, my pay check is put into my account every month, my rent comes out, and i use the rest to pay my way for the month.  i generally have few interactions with my bank except recieving my monthly account status and twice a year going to get US dollars.based on those two things i would have given this bank an excellent rating, but there is one very poor customer service event that stands out for me.  see in september of this year i went to deposit a fairly large cheque into my account.  the cheque was from my grandfather in the states and when i asked if i could deposit it directly into my ISA even though it was a foreign cheque i was assured that i could.  four weeks later i still hadn't seen the money go into my account nor had the cheque cleared in the states.  so i got on the phone to the bank.  the guy assured me he would check up on it and be back in touch.  he did get back in touch to say that unfortunately since it was a foreign cheque i couldn't deposit it directly into my ISA as it was subject to tax.  ok then, i asked if they could deposit the cheque into my current account instead and then i would transfer the money over.  he said that wouldn't be a problem and that the cheque was being sent back to their branch.when a week or two went by and the money still wasn't in my account i phoned the bank to check what was going on.  i spoke to a girl who said she would phone the international department and check where the cheque was.  a few more days went by and hearing nothing i phoned back to speak to the guy i had spoken to originally.  he apologised for not being in touch but said he wasn't sure if there had been an update.  then the girl i had spoken to a few days ago said to him that they had lost the cheque.  LOST THE CHEQUE!!!!!  if i had ever wanted to punch someone through the phone this was the moment.trying to keep the sheer rage and annoyance out of my voice i asked what my options were.  he said they had a copy of the cheque which they could pay out on but this would take another 6-8 weeks.  it had already been 6 weeks since i originally deposited the cheque.  my other option was to get a new cheque and deposit this into my current account. and after speaking with my parents they decided the best option was to get a new cheque and cancel the other one.so eventually with the new cheque in hand i went to the bank and deposited it.  i was helped by the original guy who had been dealing with the situation.  he assured me that the cheque would show up in my account in 14 days after going through the international holdings to decide the exchange rate.  true to his word, the money did appear and i was finally able to transfer it over to my ISA.however, besides that one helpful guy, the rest of the customer service experience was appalling.  the girl had clearly known that they had lost my cheque but not phoned me to tell me.  and they LOST MY CHEQUE!!!  i can't even begin to describe how unprofessional that is.  i was absolutely shocked that a bank who deals with billions of pounds a day could lost my cheque.  so for that one instance this place gets three stars.
