4	This is not closed. BF has been here before and decided on a whim to come in after discussing glasses the night prior. Impulse buy glasses, whaddya know. He needed them though. They have a pretty good selection of brands and shapes and got him in even though he was a  Saturday afternoon walk in bit before closing.Glasses were ready in a week and a half. My guy is sexier in plastic frames. I'm a happy camper.
4	So I got a bit envious of my BF's new sexy spectacles.. Plus, it's been over 3 years since my last exam and that definitely has changed since my vision with the glasses isn't as sharp as it should be. The BF got an email that they were running a special that when you buy frames, you get single vision lens +anti glare treatment for free. If you don't have vision insurance like me then any savings like this is significant- worth about $200 alone. I chose some lovely maroon Fendi's, with gold hardware and F embossed sides (model 720R color 613- pics are posted). So happy to find these since they're different, but not too outlandish and definitely complimentary to my face. They were one of the most expensive pairs in the show room, but you gotta LOVE something that is on you everyday. I got a exam by Dr. Lee who was very friendly and approachable. He went through all the tests they ran and showed me the results and pictures while explaining what it all means.I liked this approach to patients a lot.  Most optometrist just told me the basics and look irritated when I started to ask about my eyes. I have a bit of a nerd streak so I like seeing pictures of my veins and retina, I like being informed about my eyes. I do not recall some of these test being in my last exam and the technician did say that some of these are very new technology like they do a test to measure peripherals/ blind spots for HD iZon lenses and the advanced camera that can take pictures of the inside of your eye to look at vein health (for years was a add-on test and not standard).Sure, the test is more expensive than the average optometrist I've used, but I think this beats going to Costco to know more about my eyes. It's important for individuals like me who have had additional problems beyond vision to have a place that is also thorough looking into the health of my eye.  With the free lenses plus a 20% discount they throw into the exam if you get basic exam+ contact lens perscription, I saved maybe $240ish and paid $457. Though the cost of everything is high to get good quality glasses and care, I feel got good value for my money.
5	As a patient, They take care of me here. They were flexible with me running a few minutes behind on my appointment. The doctor actually took the time to answer my random questions on how to prevent eye problems as far as my food diet.  He also explained what each test meant and gave me my results and explained the pictures of my eye. Small talk was a plus.
5	I came here about two weeks ago to get my eyes checked out and to pick up some  desperately needed prescription sunglasses. The doctor I had an appointment with was running behind so Dr Nagel did my exam for me so I wouldn't have to wait long. Awesome customer service! After my exam I looked through their eyeglass selection.I thought they had much better choices than Eyeglass World. They have different glasses made by Dior, Coach, Prada and much more. I decided to get some Brown Juicy Coture sunglasses. I was hesitant about getting the anti glare lenses because I thought they would ruin the look of my gradient lenses. I would trade the look of gradient lenses for anti glare lenses any day now that I know how great they work. What you see on display is all they have . If you like something you shouldn't wait because they don't have extras in the back. I think it keeps the inventory fresh that way. The process was smooth and I recieved my glasses a week early!
5	I wear contacts and I've been going to this place ever since I almost went postal at a Lenscrafters because my eye exam took so long.  The staff here is so friendly and so efficient.  Dr. Beckwith is a great doctor - he takes the time to explain everything and do a thorough exam.  Yet, you are in and out in less than one hour.  I don't know how he does it.  Either magic or not overbooking like other healthcare providers seem to do in this town.  Plus, I only see him once a year yet he remembers (probably looks up) little details about my life, such as what I do for a living and where I work.  Makes me feel special.  :)My only complaint is that the online appointment system does not seem to work.  Just call for an appointment.
5	Dr. Lee is very informative and he explained in detail to us how he was able to get such a great prescription and clearer sight than my Mother had experienced in years.  He has an aberometer (Spelling is questionable)This is the technology from the Hubble space technology.  The level of sight which they are now able to give is amazing.
5	Help full busy but efficient office, I liked that the doc was my eye health and the fashinestas were about helping me find a good frame fit I had lazer ten years ago but now up close was an issue I am so much happier with cool frames then those grandpa readers I had from Costco that where not fitting right thanks dr lee
5	We (myself, daughter, husband) have been seeing doctor beckwith for years and have always been impressed with the service.  He is efficient and will explain everything he is doing and seeing during the eye exam.  Of course there might be a wait but where is there not? I think they have  pretty good selection of glasses and there Are often 3 tech that are available to help with finding glasses and making sure you are getting what you want in eye wear. I would definitely recommend Dr beckwith.  He is super nice and as another reviewer commented he remembers you even if you only see him once a year.
4	Saw Doctor Lee a couple of weeks ago for a check up.  Him and his whole staff are awesome.  Very friendly and helpful!  The only reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is because I was a little disappointed with the glasses selection.  Ended up with a pair that I like...but don't a 100% love...particially due to my insurance coverage though.  Thanks Vision Source for a great experience!
5	I've been going to Dr. Lee for several years and coming to Vision Source since he started here. The location is convenient, the office is a good size, and the staff is pretty nice. I like the optical shop and the selection is nice. Dr. Lee is a great doctor and has always been super helpful with my terrible terrible eyes. He's very thorough and explains things very carefully without making you feel like an idiot. I've been wearing glasses for about twenty years and he's my favorite eye doctor.
5	This was our first visit and we are VERY pleased. My wife and 5 yr old were treated great and received excellent service!  When looking at glasses the staff even offered ideas for other places with more affordable options. That is amazing!  We've been to other eye doctors in Vegas and haven't been satisfied but we will definitely continue to come back here.
5	I can't say enough great things about this place.  The doctors are great and they really take lots of measurements with tons of equipment.  Your eyes get examined, not just a quick look at an eye chart.  And the staff....spectacular!  Mark helped me and went above and beyond and well, he is the reason I am writing this review.  I probably wouldn't have taken the time, but when you find people who help you and give you wayyyyy more than is necessary, it really deserves a shout out.    I have seen Drs. Lee and Nagel and I like them both.   They have at least 3 doctors who work here, so you can always get an appointment.  I had an emergency and they fit me in immediately.  The only down side is they aren't cheap.  However, the lenses I have received from them aren't close to what you get at the big places.  The lenses are far superior.  You are going to be wearing your glasses all day, every day.   Spend the extra 20 cents a day or whatever the extra money adds up to.   It is worth it.   The place itself is very nice, quiet, and super clean.  They have a good selection of glasses too.  Probably not quite as many as the big huge places, but they have most of the higher end brands.  This isn't a mall store.  You won't find 30 people standing around waiting.  At most, I have seen 5 other people in the store at one time.    Did I mention how totally amazing Mark was?  :)  He fixed a problem I had when he didn't have to:   Fabulous customer service!   Better than that, though, he is extremely knowledgeable.  I was having a vision problem that I didn't understand, and he explained why it was happening and what would fix it.   In a world where so many people know less than you do when you walk into their place of business, Mark really understands optics.   That is very important when someone is fitting you for glasses.
5	This place is amazing.  The entire staff is super friendly and the doctor's are great.  I have been to 7 different doctors in the valley and still struggled with my vision.  I mentioned my frustration to Dr. Nagel and she took the extra time to FINALLY help me to see.
3	Dr Lee is nice. The staff is courteous. Had my annual eye exam and they were thorough. Reason why I'm giving them 3 stars is because of Alex from the front desk who has ZERO customer skills. She doesn't smile at all, doesn't listen and is quite intimidating when you ask questions. I told her my last name then she pronounced it incorrectly RIGHT AFTER I mentioned it.Sasha, the manager helped me instead with my concern because Alex was insisting I pay for my bill which was rendered 2 weeks ago that I wasn't even aware of. Alex didn't explain to me what the bill is for. She just insisted that I was there for that day and it is due now. Turned out that she had a mistake and it is pending payment from the insurance. If that is not covered, they should have notify me on THAT day BEFORE I saw the doctor and not surprise me with a bill. I'm so disappointed with them. If they charge me, I'm switching doctors
5	Wonderful service. When I had something caught in my eye, they were able to get me in immediately. Great frame collection too!
1	Today would've been my second visit to Dr. Beckwith's office after I received a phone call 2 weeks ago from their scheduler reminding me of my annual eye check up.  I was scheduled to come in at 0800 and got there ahead of time only to be greeted by the undated sign at the door that said they are having a meeting.  A few minutes after 0800, I called 5 times while still in the parking lot but got redirected to a voice mail each time.  I called again at 0825 and one of the staff members named Sonia answered me in an unapologetic/unyielding manner and worse, with indiscriminate use of sarcasm, because I was voicing out my frustration over their failure to communicate the change in my appointment schedule and the things I had to do to arrive at their office on time.  Instead of offering solutions and being sensitive to my legitimate concerns and giving me reassurance that this will not happen again in the future, she either had a counter argument  or a snide remark to every statement I said.  Not only did she fail to offer solutions as a representative of Vision Source and Dr. Beckwith, she also became the problem.  The abject lack of courtesy, sensitivity, phone ethics, and customer service skills she so blatantly displayed are unacceptable and reprehensible. Did I mention, she hang up the phone on me?  Clearly, they have the wrong person for the job.  Customer satisfaction is of prime importance and should be the goal of every employee in any kind of business entity.
5	My go to and favorite vision doctor/optical store and I've been to a lot of them before finding this one because I was never satisfied. First off, Dr. Nagel is awesome; she's nice, professional and explains everything to you so that you understand. If you have a question, she'll take her time to discuss it with you until you understand and doesn't just rush in and out like most other doctors I've seen elsewhere. The staff at the front desk and in the optical center are just as helpful too, they are always ready to answer questions about glasses, contacts or insurance whether in person or on the phone. I went in for the 2nd time this year to ask about getting prescription sunglasses and the optical technician, Ben, took his time to answer my questions about my insurance and calculated my out of pocket price several times based on different options I could get. He was not pushy in terms of getting me to add options and instead just explained why each one was good and which ones were nice to have but not really necessary. I have never had a bad experience here and have come here for the last 3 years.
5	Thank you, thank you, thank you Vision Source. We were on a weekend trip to Vegas, and in our rush to get to the city and lose all our money in the casinos my significant other forgot her contact lenses at home...nothing like seeing all of those lights as one big blur... So, the Saturday morning following our arrival we started calling offices around town for replacement lenses, but most places said they would charge for an exam and/or new lenses. Then we called Vision Source and not only did they say they had her prescription (of which she had an electronic copy) but they could give her a free short supply.When we arrived to their office not only did they refuse to allow us to pay for the free 3 day supply, but they apologized that they did not have 5 days worth of lenses to offer us. The said simply, "That's what we're here for." The staff was very sweet and pleasant. As we do not live in Vegas, this is likely a one time encounter with this business but one that left a great lasting impression!
5	Dr. Nagel is the best! She thoroughly explains what's going on with your eyes and describes the results/diagnosis. In addition,  the staff at Vision Source is super amicable and professional.  This business really believes in providing the best customer service,  products and deliverance of diagnostics on eye health. I will definitely be back and recommend them 100%Cost of 45 day contacts $60Cost of Guess Brand Eye glasses Frame, plus antiglare (after applying insurance coverage) $120Cons:Not a great selection of brand named frames.
3	Dr Lee is nice. The staff is courteous. Had my annual eye exam and they were thorough. Reason why I'm giving them 3 stars is because of Alex from the front desk who has ZERO customer skills. She doesn't smile at all, doesn't listen and is quite intimidating when you ask questions. I told her my last name then she pronounced it incorrectly RIGHT AFTER I mentioned it.Sasha, the manager helped me instead with my concern because Alex was insisting I pay for my bill which was rendered 2 weeks ago that I wasn't even aware of. Alex didn't explain to me what the bill is for. She just insisted that I was there for that day and it is due now. Turned out that she had a mistake and it is pending payment from the insurance. If that is not covered, they should have notify me on THAT day BEFORE I saw the doctor and not surprise me with a bill. I'm so disappointed with them. If they charge me, I'm switching doctors
