5	Very helpful staff, lots of tires to choose from and they have very fair prices. I would highly recommend this place.
5	Honestly this was probably the best tire buying experience of my life. In the past I've wandered around a store looking at nearly every tire until I found the right ones for my car. Here I walk in and 30 seconds later a friendly staff member was showing me several options. I didn't even have to tell him what size I was looking for. I told him what I was driving and he knew what size and showed me several different options. That's right options. I'm used to places only having one type of tire for my small car.I had a headlight light that I had been meaning to get changed. The staff noticed I had the new light sitting on my passenger seat and when I explained that I didn't have the tools to do it he offered to change it for me. This really went above and beyond my expectations for customer service.Honestly I have to say it was a great choice to go here instead of one of the chain stores I've been to in the past. I will definitely recommend them to friends who need new tires.
5	I have been to a a lot of different places to get tires in the past 10 years, and this was by far the best experience I have had. They were fast and efficient, courteous and friendly, and I was in and out in less than 20 minutes. I definitely will come back
5	I love this place. They aren't trying to screw you over or rob you. I came in to get a flat patched up and the guy that helped me patched my tire, made sure all all my other tires were good and had proper air in them as well as checked/filled my spare AND he put my new tire on. All of that for only $10. Very friendly. I will be coming back and I would recommend to anyone.
5	Best tire place in the valley! I've sent 3 friends here, and they've all left happy.
5	Rolled up with a hole in my tire ..1) got immediate service 2)immediate evaluation & price quote3)given complimentary bottle of water 4)didnt get jacked or screwed around. Gave me every option available .5)got an "almost" new tire, balanced all tires, checked all tires for air pressure accuracy 6)was in and out for less than my monthly gym membership. i will DEF recommend to anyone and everyone with tire issues.
