5	First of all, who doesn't like H&M?  For nice looking, decent-quality attire, it is very well priced (especially if you hit a good sale).  There's cute and trendy clothes, items for the young professional, tons of accessories, and sections for men, women and children.  I LOVE the men's shirts; they are so soft, I literally can't keep my hands off my boyfriend.This particular location is new to Chandler Fashion, and occupies both levels of the mall.  I'm trying not to hold it against them that they took over the former Frederick's of Hollywood space.  I've been in a few times, and always received friendly service.  Most notably, I ran in at 8pm the other day (an hour before closing) desperate to find two items for an upcoming event.  I found the belt immediately ($6, right inside the front door, and exactly what I was looking for!) but had trouble finding a shawl/jacket to cover my shoulders.  One saleswoman noticed me struggling and asked if she could help, so I showed her a picture of the dress I already had and told her the problem.  She disappeared for a few minutes and came back with a suggestion for me, and it was on sale nonetheless.  I didn't end up buying it (I found a nice scarf by the register) but I appreciated that she went out of her way to help.  At the last moment I found a second scarf, and debated a moment at the register about which one to choose.  The cashier pointed out the skull beads on the second option, which she was recommending, but agreed it was not appropriate for a wedding once she found out that's what it was for.  We had a good laugh, and I felt no pressure to rush.  I also picked up a hair clip that was super cute, and my whole purchase came in under the price of one belt at Target.  Very happy camper!
1	Just walked through and shopped for 20-30 minutes, only to put everything I had grabbed all down the second I saw the line for the fitting rooms. Yeah right?! High five for the elevator.Removed for the fitting room fiasco.You're not THAT cool H&M.
3	The clothes are pretty cool and it has pretty decent prices too but am I the only one who can never find a single employee to ever help me out?! It's like they all go on break or clock-out when I walk in! WEIRD.
3	The styles are pretty cool, but the quality of the clothes is not good. You wash it one or twice and it's done for. Pretty much these clothes are one time use.
5	Being  a single mom with   a few boys that were going to prom this year and didn't want to spend a lot of money for a one night retail,  so an other mother said that they got there suit from here for cheap, so  I didn't know anything about suits or how to pair up Pants or shirts or anything, an employee at men's help us out so much he pick out everything for us from tie to dress shirt to pants he was extremely helpful with everything, it was slim picking on the dress shoes ,I didn't see see his name it was worn out but he had blond hair on the top with  black roots, as we went down stairs to try on thing I wanted to do a little shopping for my self, I didn't see any one on the floor to help me out with the sizes, And is was really messy compared to upstairs, they have a lot of different kind of clothes for a good price , I mean for the prices you get that store can look like that but I will for sure come back and look for the employee for help and take my sons to the men's for every day clothes and next prom from... We found him his name is Luis if you need help he's that man to get help from
2	I just had THEE most annoying experience ever with this company. About two weeks ago I made an online order of 4 items. About a week later I received an email stating that my order had shipped.. When I viewed my order i noticed that there were only 3 items listed and no pending orders for my 4th item. I called h&m and after looking into my account.. the lady goes " oh the fur vest you ordered sold out so you won't be receiving it nor charged for it" .. thats all fine and dandy but don't you think your customer service department should have issued me an email letting me know i wasn't receiving my item as opposed to just not listing it in my shipping order? SO ANNOYING. Having to call to find out you aren't receiving an item is not ok.. they should let the customer know.
