4	I love this restaurant!I've to the Tempe, Chandler, Scottsdale, and Phoenix ones. This location is pretty unknown. The food is still GREAT. The ambiance was a little unwelcoming. The bathroom is super cold, like they want you to go in-and-out  ASAP. The people that work there seem like it's their first job at a restaurant . The employees are friendly but not as outgoing as the other locations. The food was great and the service wasn't bad either. Very quick and knowledgeable.I'd go to this one again since it's the only one located in the EAST valley.
3	The pitas and hummus here are very good here which is why we go here when we do.  Most the time we just go for a snack, since it is very close to us.  As stated by Earl's review the ambiance is a little unwelcoming. We also notice the employee's don't like us to just have pitas and hummus, it seems like we are waisting their time.  The drink selection could be better, they have few beers and those that they do have are only in bottles.  So this would not be a good place for a Happy Hour.  Overall the food is good, employees can be a pain sometimes, and a bad beer selection.  Ill go back when I feel the need for some pitas.
3	I have been wanting to try out the Pita Jungle location near my home for quite sometime now. So I called in a pick-up order on my way home from work. When I got there, I go in and walk up to the pick-up counter. The girl who greeted me and helped me complete my order was very nice and in the dining room there was live piano music being played (I LOVE the piano) so I was totally bummed I had just ordered for pick-up! Soon after I walked in, though my experienced changed from 'Awesome!' to 'Hurry give me my check so I can get out of here!'After I walked in I felt like I was being looked at. So I glanced up and noticed this guy further behind the counter just looking at me. He had co-workers chatting around him, but he was staring straight at me. It was very uncomfortable! I felt like he was watching me the whole time I was there. I found it rude, disrespectful and creepy to openly stare at a customer. When I first walked in my experience was so pleasent, but now I'm wondering if I feel comfortable enough to try this location again! I know that if I order from here again I'm going to ask the person who takes the order if the man is there and if he is, I'll go somewhere else. I don't know who he is but he was sort of tall and heavier set, had dark rimmed glasses, and a thick tattoo band around his left calf.Based on the food and my initial reaction to the environment I would have given this location a 5/5 but after factoring in Mr. Creepy it only gets 3/5.
5	I've never written a review before (like most people) but I felt I needed to in this case. I've been a Pita Jungle fan for a long, long time, but I have to admit that this location in Gilbert tops the other locations in the valley by a factor or 10^10 power. Other locations come off rather stiff or snobbish, but the good folks at Gilbert are doing their very best in these very trying economical times to make you feel welcomed.  The owners and staff are having FUN at their jobs and you can really feel that excitement as you enter their fine establishment.  Monday nights are Piano Night and more music is planned for in the future. It's about the food, service and smiles that I rate this place the highest possible.  Closing time is usually a busy time for them, but they ALWAYS handle those last minute stragglers with respect and compassion.  This facility is certainly feeding off the energy of their owners/managers and everyone there shares that same drive and compassion.  After a while, you feel like family there. And yes, they even know my name when I come in on any late night raid. Try this place people! You won't be disappointed! Rant Out!
3	Great value.  The hummus and chicken are decent.  The beans are extremely bland.  The service was very good and the space was not as cramped as the Tempe location.
1	I was really hungry for lunch and craving hummus...too bad that I wasn't able to eat here because  I was completely ignored by the hostess/cashier.  I wanted to place an order to go, stood looking at the menu, put it down, waited, and waited, and then she walked by and gave me a dirty look, WTF?  So, I walked out.  Plus, the hummus with grilled chicken appetizer is now over $8.00 when it used to be about $6.00....I understand inflation, but the timing seems off.   Take your money someplace else.  In the same shopping center is Filibertos and C&K Chinese Gourmet, both of which will actually serve you when you're hungry and ready to order.
4	Me and my husband love this place. We recently move to AZ from NJ and we were told and actually seen on our own the lack of really good restaurants in AZ ( actually I should say lack of variety). And even though chains aren't my " thing" this restaurant is the exception. Their food is very fresh and healthy. I do must say that the  Gilbert location ( which is the only one I've visited) lacks good staff after 3pm, for some reason if we decide to grab a bite after that time we usually leave dissapointed. I don't know why but it has happen to us in several occasions. Otherwise I really like their food and prices are very fair
1	Inconsistent everything. This location gives the original owners a horrible name. The pitas are cold and hard, the service is the worst I've experienced and the floors and flatware are dirty. Totally overwhelmed by the number of staff who stand at the counter when you walk in. Of the 5+ times we've been in here, they've never greeted us. The whole place has a bad vibe. I hate to write a review like this, but we gave this location several opportunities. If they at least changed the way the front is set up to be more welcome and inviting it would certainly help. Majority of staff has little personality. Chandler & Scottsdale locations have not lost the greatness that so many long time lovers of "the pita jungle" have come to love....
5	I was so excited that Pita Jungle finally moved out to the suburbs after having to wiggle my way through light rail traffic to visit their Tempe location for years. Finally!! This location does not disappoint. It is beautiful inside, and like the other locations it is fun to see the new art that is displayed each time we visit.The food is savory and tasteful without being laden with fat and grease, and a welcome note to the chain glutton that is Gilbert. Their chicken is second to none. On most occasions, I order just a side of chicken and some of their salad or pitas with pico de gallo, and it is a perfect meal. They even make nachos semi-healthy and non greasy. They use a variety of mixed beans then add just the right amount of cheese. A must have for those of you who love to sample nachos and believe it should be it's own food group.Service is pretty good, that is when they write down the order instead of trying to impress you by repeating your order to you then sauntering away to the kitchen. That is almost assured a wrong order fix for later for every restaurant.  My only complaint is sometimes how they prepare your food is not necessarily what is printed on the menu, so if you are particular of a food preparation they will accommodate, just be sure to clarify first. Other than that, fresh tasting food, with a healthful and mouthwatering twist. Wonderful!
4	Pita Jungle ROCKS! Although this is our second favorite Mediterranean restaurant! Always has great hummus, lebni, teziki and fantastic salads! Super fast service at lunch, so if your are looking for a place to eat try Pita Jungle out! Try the chicken lavash swarma wrap!! Delish!
5	The owners actually work there! Attention lazy America, the owners are physically working all day everyday. Hands down the best Pita Jungle!
4	Great Chicken Pasta with lemon dressing this time around.  Berry tea so good it almost makes you forget there is not any good beer available. Atmosphere is always comfortble, food is consistently good, service is mostly just ok.  I'm a regular here and plan on keeping it that way!  GOOD STUFF!
4	Gilbert Location. I usually go here about once a week.  The service is allways great,  and when you want a good healthy meal after working out, or a nice lunch on the weekend, this is the go to spot.  Their hummus is great, especially the jalepeno, and their chicken dishes are allways very satisfying.  Love the jungle :)
5	This Pita Jungle is definitely most intimate location of theirs I have visited. It has the typical Pita Jungle feel with brick walls covered in local art, high ceilings, a cool metal tree sculpture and candlelit tables.The lobby is a tad cramped when it gets busy, but there is adequate seating and the wait isn't too crazy. After you're seating you'll find the staff to be attentive, filling your glass before it's empty and making sure you're enjoying your meal.The food is, as one can expect from the Pita Jungle establishments, always fresh tasting and full of flavor. From their delicious wood fired pizzas, large pitas and salads, you really can't go wrong here. They also have a nice selection of wines, which are usually pretty good.Overall, I've always had a nice evening here, leaving satisfied and filled, without too light of a wallet.
4	After we got our pedicures we went exploring in the area.  There was a Kohl's just across the street and I was looking for a couple of things so we stopped in.  After that we drove around the rest of the strip mall.  Just around the corner from Kohl's I saw a fro yo shop and it was a hot day so we went in.  Right across from the yogurt shop, there stood Pita Jungle.  Now for some reason I thought Pita Jungle was more of a fast food type establisment.  I was suprised when I walked in and saw tables and servers.  We were greeted and said it would be just 5 mins to be seated so I picked up a menu and took a look.  I was, again, suprised at how healthy the menu was and how it took from many different cultures.  Variety is a good thing.  We were seated and our drink orders were taken.  My daughter got a kids menue and happily started drawing and coloring.  The kids menu is pretty cool.  They pick one from the protein catagory, one from the veggie catagory and one from the carb catagory.  No suprise but she didn't choose a veggie!  Let me speak of the iced tea......I think they put crack in it because it was the best darn iced tea I have ever tasted!  It was so good I asked for a cup to go.  It had a tropical flavor to it and it was so refreshing.  I ordered the Chicken Tika Masala.  It was a very generous protion with brown rice and greens.  It was delicious.  My daughter loved her turky and pasta with butter.  She LOVED the pasta and actually wanted more!!  And the next night she wanted to go back to Pita Jungle!  I think she is a fan.  The only drawback was our server.  She had very little personality.  She smiled and tried to be pleasant but she just was not into it.  She was a bit robotic.  Other than that, the experience was a good one.  I enjoyed the wide variety of things on the menu and would love to try some other things.  Since my daughter has been asking to go back, I'm sure we will be going back very soon!
4	Every time I visit my brother and his wife in Arizona they take me to Pita Jungle. We used to go to the one in chandler because they lived closer to it, but they've moved and now we go to the one in Gilbert. I really like going here. The food is super tasty and fresh and the staff is aways warm and friendly. Its nice because there is a lot of variety on the menu. They have a lot of vegan and vegetarian choices, but still has some dishes for the carnivores in your group. Last time we went I got the Chicken Putenesca Linguine. It was super good. All the ingredients tasted great and the capers were a nice touch. I love dishes like that one that are pretty simple and classic but really tasty, healthy and satisfying! And since the portions are large, I had pasta for lunch the next day. Pasta and soup are two things that almost always taste better the next day, since the flavors get time to "marry" as they say. So that was a plus. if you like to eat healthy in a comfortable and friendly atmosphere, check out Pita Jungle.
4	Their pizzas are great. Try the glazed chicken pizza. The service was ok.
4	First off, 1 star off for the Lavosh.  I had the Lavosh shawarma wrap, it was super tasty, but after eating it, it felt like I had eaten an entire box of Captain Crunch aka the world's sharpest cereal, and the roof of my mouth cursed at me. Really. The Spanakopita (Spinach/feta phyllo concoction) and the hummus were yummskis.reasonably priced, friendly staffed, delicious fewd.  Will def return
5	Whoever came up with these recipes should *not* be working anyplace called Pita Jungle.  In Cincinnati, this chef could be competing with Jean-Robert Pigall, who owns & chefs the best restaurants in town.That name filled me with visions of cafeteria lines and make-it-yourself salad bars with a few piles of thin pita, maybe some stuffed tigers & pythons & fake vines hanging down.  And it didn't help that this location is in a strip mall.  On the inside, Pita Jungle looks better than it sounds.  It's a pleasant, high-ceilinged, box-shaped space, lit for dates (at least in the evening).  The art on the walls was daring and interesting, and apparently changes regularly.  The first surprise was the wine.  They had Sauv Blanc from Marlborough and other hard-to-find gems.  ("Pita Jungle?")  We ordered the Mediterranean platter as an appetizer, with a side of some garlic cilantro hummus.  When it arrived, I tasted it & a few of us agreed that the chef must specialize in Mediterranean food. It was the best falafel & the yummiest dolmate I had ever had!  Then the rest of the food (Italian mostly) arrived, at which point we became confused.  The chef didn't *just* do Mediterranean.  Why was Pita Jungle's food so amazing?  Nobody wanted to share entrees.  We did, however, share an enormous plate of pistachio ice cream-covered baklava, by which time we were laughing at our own astonishment.  The ice cream tasted like real, roasted pistachios.  It was even a tiny bit salty!  And it was topped with fresh cut strawberries that drew out a totally different taste.  Amazingly, this place is *priced* like something called "Pita Jungle!!"  You *could* take the kids!  But don't -- it's a great date place.
5	My wife and I eat here regularly. The food is terrific. The staff is friendly and the prices are more than reasonable. Don't let the name put you off. The cuisine is a crazy cool mix of Mediterranean and Italian  and the dishes are all healthy and delicious. My daughter loves the hummus and the spinach four cheese quesadilla. My wife is all about the Philly steak pita or the beef gyro. I am a big fan of the baba ganoosh. They have this dish called the medchillada. It's like a healthy enchilada. It's full of chicken, beans, rice, greens, etc. and comes with guac and tsatziki and it is huge! I doggy bag it and have the rest for lunch the next day. There are great wines and beers and the pistachio ice cream is to die for. Eat here. Eat here often.
3	Ate at this Gilbert location on Williams Field Rd last night. Our regular PJ is Anderson Springs at Dobson which has a bit of a funky bohemian style to it. I think it's hard to franchise bohemian, as I don't like newer locations I've been to as much as the Dobson location. Waitress took our order quickly, but it took almost 30 minutes for our food to come out. I was about 15 seconds from walking out and going to Filibertos next door. The biggest plus is what they've done with their kids menus. Excellent healthy choices! Steamed brocolli, spinach, tofu all on the kids menu.?!?!
5	Love it!
4	Pita Jungle is the perfect place to eat when you are on a healthy eating binge. Not only is the environment just relaxing and serene, their food is amazing. Every month or so, they feature a new artist and hang artwork throughout the restaurant that is available to purchase. They serve everything Mediterranean from hummus and pita bread to falafel to bakalova for dessert. Their hummus is amazing and comes in 3 flavors, original, red bell pepper, and cilantro/jalapeno. All three are so good but my personal favorite is the red bell pepper. But if you are indecisive, they do serve both the red bell pepper and cilantro/jalapeno on one plate. I would suggest ordering extra pita bread because they only serve 2 with an order of hummus which is never enough. I also like to order a side of cucumbers to dip into the hummus. Yummy! I have not tried everything on the menu, but I really do favor the albacore tuna melt, if im in the mood for it, or the four cheese spinach quesadilla. Between those two, I would have to strongly recommend the quesadilla. It is a perfect blend of four different cheeses and spinach. I was, however, upset this time when I found out that they no longer serve it with guacamole. But the tzatziki sauce and pico de gallo were a good substitute. I do suggest that you do steer clear of the albacore tuna salad, I did not really enjoy that much because they put some sort of herb in it that just leaves a bad taste in your mouth. Overall, Pita Jungle is awesome!
5	My favorite med. place,  always quick service and never had a bad meal
4	Went to meet up with some family on the East side of town this weekend. I told them I had some diet restrictions and they suggested Pita Jungle, which I was stoked on as I love me some PJ! I didn't know they had expanded that far east! It was a Friday night and the place was hopping! We were seated pretty quickly and our waiter was on point all night! The food came out a tad slow, but it was all great and everyone enjoyed their meals.
5	I'm bumping up a star.  This location has a really nice atmosphere and the customer service has been very good!  I think the kids menu is one of the best around.  My daughter loves all the choices.  It's a great idea!  The Red Pepper Hummus is delish!!  There are so many different things to choose from and it's all really healthy.  I love Pita Jungle!
3	Pita Jungle can go either way at any time as far as I am concerned.  There are times that I get great service, good food, and an overall enjoyable experience.  That is where the problem arises for me, I dislike inconsistency and feel if I am paying for a meal at a restaurant then I should always know what to expect.  That is not the case with Pita Jungle as a whole and the Gilbert location specifically.I would say the food is the most consistent part of the Pita Jungle experience.  It is almost always very fresh, well presented, and as stated on the menu.  There are times when things are missing and the food is not always hot (personal preference).  That being said it is quality food that you pay a quality price for.The service is much more of a coin toss.  You will usually be seated quickly by someone but they are not always friendly and often just walk away after leading you to your table.  I have waited as long as 10 mins before being approached for drinks.  Rarely is anyone friendly; at best they are just "fine".  They seem to take the "hipster" vibe of this company a little far as if they are fighting "the man" when they are actually working for "the man".  I could use less pretension but I expect it when I go here so I am prepared for it and not overwhelmed.  All things considered, your choices are few and far between for the "healthyish" food that is served PJ.  Odds are your experience will be fine and your food will suit your needs.  As a note the take out service is awesome.  The people who answer the phone and take care of my transaction when I arrive are great.  This is my preferred method of enjoying PJ.
4	Tried the beef gyro...excellent!! Great service too!
5	During undergrad and graduate school at ASU, I grew up eating at the Pita Jungle in Tempe.  Recently my friend and I met up at San Tan and she told me there was a Pita Jungle nearby.  Of course we went and I was SOO excited!!!  I loved the ambience.   The food was just as I remembered, only better-nothing is better than Pita Jungle's hummus! The service was right on with everything we needed, without having to ask....a major plus!!  It was everything I could ask for: delicious food & great service! I can't wait to go back for more!
5	The best cilantro hummus I've ever had. Come down hang out and check it out.
5	Great food, atmosphere, and service.
3	Yum, Yum, Yum! We arrived and were promptly seated.  Friendly hostess?  Not at all, but whatever.  I don't need that to enjoy myself. Waiter came by promptly and took our drink order.  We asked for a kids menu and he brought back a piece of paper with available items written by hand.  They were out of their kids menu.  A wave of panic immediately came over me as I realized this meant no crayons to entertain my little ones until their food came.  A few rounds of "I Spy" saved me.The waiter came by to take our order and we made the biggest mistake of the night.  He never came back.  Okay, eventually after a long, long time.  We ordered pita pizzas for the kids (tasteless and bland, but they ate them) and my husband and I shared the chicken chipotle 'pizza' and lavosh shawarma wrap.  Heavenly!  We kept oohing and aahing about how delicious our food was.  Only complaint was that they burnt the lavosh so we had to pick the burnt parts off.  Oh another complaint.  There wasn't any cheese on the pizza.  But it still tasted yummy.  Saw a couple of plates pass by that I wish we would've ordered (nachos and a fruit plate.)  We finished with the baklava.  We both loved it, but it was really hard.  Since I'm not a frequent baklava-ordering girl, I didn't know if that is how it is supposed to be served.  After hacking off pieces, we were rewarded with mouth-watering bites.Yes, the service was sloooooow and the lahvosh burnt, but we will return.  It's great to have options for healthy, delicious food!Also, FYI, join their online club and they will send you a coupon for a free appetizer :-)  I love free things, especially when our spartan meal came to $30 (small pizza, wrap, 2 kids pizzas and water)
3	This place is good for a quick and simple meal whether it be lunch or dinner.  The place is frequented by "health conscious" people who eat lots of salads and live on hummus.  So finding me in this place when I'm a meat eater, is rare.  However, when I do get in, I enjoy their beef gyro and jalapeno hummus with pita.  Their gyro is of course not the authentic Greek kind, where it's vertically roasted on a spit and then shaved thinly just before serving.  It's the "processed" or the pressed kind where it's thicker cut and dryer.  They do serve it with the tzatziki sauce, but they put their own American twist to it and put pickles in it!  I know, it's atrocious, but actually tastes ok once you accept that you're sitting in Pita Jungle, not in some amazing hole-in-the-wall restaurant in Rhodes or Athens.The servers here always crack me up.  Some are friendly, but most look like they don't want to be there.  They're dressed hippyish and that's their style I guess to fit the restaurant's vibe.  The place always reminds me of Berkeley, California except the food there's much better.  Overall an ok place if you're hungry and don't have the time to go out to a real dinner.
3	Service was fantastic. Food good. Only problem was the fruit side on the kids menu was 2 grapes 1 orange wedge. We asked for more and not only got the same exact thing but were charged $1.95 extra This is just WRONG
5	I am in love! This place is amazing! I'm so glad I moved into the neighborhood!
4	Pita Jungle... Pita jungle....I don't know what it is... You're atmosphere is usually not my cup of tea.  Not normally a fan of my servers having dreadlocks and tattoos.  But you know what?  Keep bringing me that hummus and taboule and I'm transported to a world where I too have dreadlocks and tattoos!  Maybe even a few piercing.  And all of the sudden, I am an art critic too.I'm in love with the food here at Pita Jungle.  Never a bad experience.  My biggest issue is when I forget what I ordered and what is what on the plate.  All I really care about or think about when eating here is, "does it taste good with a pita?" The answer is usually, "Hell yes it does!". The art all around the restaurant is a nice touch.Service is always quick and the food is always fresh.  Wish additional pitas were free but it's all good, I can spare the 34 cents.Always happy with my experiences here.  Bring your hipster friend here before it's not ironic enough for them.
4	Great food, you feel good after eating here.
3	I'm still debating if I should rate this place 4 stars cause I like the food, but the service made me feel uncomfortable. For some reason I always thought Pita Jungle was a type of mediterranean fast food joint so I never had any desire to visit one.So! when I decided to check this place out based on a bunch of people telling me how awesome it was, I was so surprised! The inside of this place reminds me of a restaurant I would see back home --- it made me forget I was in Arizona, which is nice, cause it's so frickin' hot right now.I had the dolmades, shwarma, and a bit of the beef gyro -- everything tasted pretty good. Service wise -- I don't know. Maybe our server was having a bad day or whatever, but the vibe I felt off of him made me feel bad for eating there. I don't know what it was, I tried to be nice, by saying "thank you" a lot and trying to sound chipper here and there, but nothing. I really don't like saying negative things about servers, as I know how hard the job can be, but he seemed like he was either really bored or hated his job and that feeling just made me uncomfortable for being there. I don't expect servers to be happy go lucky or anything, but I don't want to feel guilty when someone takes my order and brings my food to the table.  There are a lot of things on the menu that I want to try. I am not sure if I will go to the Gilbert location, maybe I will just order to go, but I do plan on tasting the other dishes that they have to offer.
4	Lentil fetoosh. That's all you need to know. Seriously one of the things I crave with that lemon dressing and the caramelized onions, it's so good! Actually, I've never had a bad meal here. I get take-out here quite frequently after the gym or yoga and have had most of the salads and a few of the pitas. The service is quick for take-out or dining in, the employees are always friendly and the food is consistently good. Servings are very large so you can easily get two meals out of most things.
4	Great healthy place to eat!
2	Last year I would have given Pita Jungle a strong 4 stars but today, like the tip I left, 2 stars is still too generous. My son asked to go to Pita Jungle after his Karate belt exam and I was thrilled as before today's experience I loved this place. We arrived about 1:45 and it was packed with a wait, no big deal. About 10 minutes later we were seated. Some guy who could have been off the street asked if he could get us something to drink (are you allowed to Guy Off The Street?) We order my 8 year old a lemonade and I got the house white wine. He brings my kid his drink in a kid's cup with a lid and straw. I'm thinking, if my kid doesn't complain then fine but its 108* outside and you are the one who is going to have to fill it up five times.He busied himself helping others who had just seated and eventually found his way back to us. I ordered the California Beach Club and the kid got a Pita Crisp kid's meal with turkey, fruit and carrots. We watched virtually every table get their food first prior to us getting served which was fine because we were enjoying the games on the kid's menu. Another waitstaff dropped the plates on our table like with a CLUNK. Okay, still doing fine but the kid has no utensils. I look for the waiter and he has his back to the tables while he is chatting with the owner/manager. I'm trying to catch his eye, he is laughing hadn't seen a smile before, he sees me, I wave the smile disappears. He angrily stomps over and stares; we need another set of utensils. Okay. Get one from another table and puts it on ours and walks away. No: How is everything? Can I refill your cup? Get you water? By the time he makes it back to finish his chat my kid announces he needs more lemonade. I wave the cup at him. He stomps back. Fills it up brings it back stomps away. Drama ensues at the table next to us he has brought them their check and in a voice much too loud for waitstaff says: You should have told me before! I should charge you for it but if you don't want to pay for it I WILL EAT IT! And stomps away to ring their bill. The women are in shock and ask another waitstaff for a manager who meanders over and speaks quietly to them and gets the woman a drink she seems still unhappy with. I'm pretty sure they won't be back. There is more I could tell you but you probably aren't reading anymore - on my way out I stopped at the owner/manager while he was eating a huge plate at the bar and told him your waiter isn't doing you any favors. He got annoyed and said "I'll talk to him". You do that while we eat anywhere else but at your restaurant.
2	The Pita Jungle management is really trying their best to remedy my experience and I am appreciative. Thank you.
5	Thankfully, the yelp hours of operation was wrong.  They are open on Sundays.  We were seated and greeted by our server promptly. They easily accommodated the changes to my order and our food was brought out before we knew it.As always, the food was plentiful and delicious. Our server did a great job keeping our drinks full and offered to-go cups.  Get the hummus! It's so smooth and flavorful, you will crave it.
1	Overpriced not so tastey food. if your looking for a greek type meal you can find better places then this.
5	I'm a regular at this food shop, It seems every time we go we just want to keep coming back, the food is fresh, delicious, the place is clean, staff is friendly, and service good, and they fill your wine glass to the brim to boot!
5	I love this place!! It's got delicious food, pretty healthy overall and my whole family loves it here. They re-did the kid's menu a while ago and that really saved the day for us. My girls love choosing their protein, their "carb" option and their veggie. They have nothing that isn't delicious, but I'm partial to the Chicken Lavosh Shwarma wrap - ridiculously delicious!! My husband swears the basil pesto wrap (with chicken instead of turkey) is the best. I even love the broiled chicken salad. Not sure what they do the chicken (the marinade and wood stove must help), but it's fabulous!! They're pepsi servers too, so I can enjoy diet pepsi here too. There can be a wait at busy times of days, but come at off peak times if you don't want to wait. The servers are great too!
4	Mmmmmm. Fresh food, good service. The pita bread is the freshest, softest, yummiest ever! I have had hummus, gyros, "healthy" burgers, and fajita pitas here and every time the food is better than the last thing I tried. The potatoes that come with the burgers are great too!
4	I love this place. Every time I order one thing, I see all the other plates coming out and think "oh, next time I will have to try that one!"   Everything is fresh and so tasty!  Service is overall good. My one complaint (keeping me from 5 stars) is sometimes the music is played a bit too loud making conversation difficult.
4	One of my favorites for a quick healthy meal.  Serive is good for the most part....
5	Amazing flavors, great food
4	This place is pretty darn good. My wife has gone here a bunch of times without me and brought the hummus home which I have always enjoyed. I finally made it a point to go and grab some lunch with the family. My wife and I split the gyro and philly chicken sandwiches with a side of hummus. It was great. The kids got the chedder pita melt. I will be back.
4	Pros: Healthy options, yummy hummus, great tea selections and sriracha sauce (ok, not unique to Pita Jungle, but they will bring you the whole bottle if you ask for some). I usually get the mahi mahi, which is very good, but I haven't ever had anything here that I didn't like.Cons: Or really just "con" is the service. Like other yelpers have said, there is something off about the service. The servers are usually fast and attentive, but I don't think I have ever had one actually smile at me. It's not that they are unfriendly, I guess unaffected would be the word to describe their demeanor. Pretty sure the place could catch on fire and the servers would just shrug.  Overall, the food is tasty and the service is good enough for me to keep going back.
4	Great food!  Great prices! Worth a little wait to get in!  Falafal is bomb!
5	Pleasant surprise.  DELICIOUS LUNCH! Spotted this gem of an eatery in the Khols shopping center, thinking it was a fast food/take-out joint.  Opened the door, realized it was much more, and almost walked out.  The staff were friendly, welcomed me, and offered to help.  I explained that I needed something fast, to go, and they accomodated.  I ordered the   Ordered the Roasted Chicken Pita (Shawarma) and a side of mixed beans.  Clean, casual, comfortable atmosphere.  Engaging staff.  Definately recommend to friends and family and will be back.
5	Excellent take-out and ordering. Always fast and ready at the counter within 5-10 minutes, quick counter service and out the door :) I don't like eating in much; kids etc... So I order for pick up a lot. They're just very consistant and the food is always stellar and I continue to come back time and time again.I want to tell a story about once I forgot my wallet at home and later when driving home from the office I wanted dinner.. called ahead ordered food.. got in and realized I didn't have my wallet. I felt like an idiot. In my stupor I assumed I had to drive home and return later to grab my cold food or re-order again. There was a manager sitting close by at the end of the counter and realized what I forgot. He asked if I've been there before and I said "yeah all the time actually", not like he was really concerned but he ended up telling me "don't worry about it" and to take the food w/o paying. I made sure he was serious and I thanked him a few times and went home.  I ate... got my wallet and drove back. He wasn't around (in back somewhere) but I told the girl what I ordered and she was a little shocked that I came back. Anyways... I paid and went back home.I know $14 or so for the meal wasn't a massive hit to the biz if I never came back... but  the point is he hooked a brother up in need. It's just a cool mentality to have as a manager / biz owner and I appreciated it and I won't ever forget it.Thanks manager guy... you've got a customer for good.
5	Best vegetarian restaurant in Phoenix area!
5	Really nice menu and service!  Lots of veggie options, and gluten-free choices, too.  It can be crowded at lunch hour, but that's for a good reason--people like it!  Try after, say, 2:00pm and there won't be a wait.  Service is quick, and they change the wall art often enough to keep it interesting.  This will quickly become one of your favs.  MK
5	I love this Pita Jungle. Sometimes there is a wait, but they are always fast. I find their food superior to the other locations. Their take-out is always ready in less than 10 minutes. They have great service. My favorite:  macro platter. The tofu is delicious!
4	I love their hummus platter and their California Club pita! It's quite the hip place, and always busy. I'd rather do take out than stay in, because it's just busy and loud. And I"m a grumpy old lady. Busy means slower service too. But the food is good.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants! I love the chicken pasta salad, my husband loves the chicken Philly pita and the fruit plate is amazing too! In fact everything I've had there is awesome!
4	Good thing they are expanding to several locations. Try their ready made hummus. My favorite is the spicy chicken wrap which is huge!
4	My favs are the Philly Steak Pita and the hummus trio with chicken.  I usually call in my order and pick up because the service there isn't that great.
5	The Hummas is awesome!!!
5	I love Pita Jungle! I have been here several times and never disappointed.   As an appetizer I love the Spanikopita and highly recommend it.  I also recommend the hummus, fresh and delicious. I have a hard time choosing an entree because they have so many good options and I am a vegetarian so having options is fantastic.  I particularly like their falafel hot pita.  Getting some of the yogurt sauce on the side makes it even better!  Good portions.I can't wait to try their pizza's as they sound fabulous.  I love their iced teas as well, I don't even have to add sweetener even though they seem to be unsweetened.  What I also like is they give you the option to take a refill in a to go cup!I never had a problem with the service at all and it is very reasonably priced!They have a kids menu also for those who need it.
5	Spicy chicken wrap so delicious and you can totally share it it's huge. Love this joint
4	I was very happy to see that a Pita Jungle opened up in Gilbert, I had previously been to the ones in Tempe and Chandler and they are all good just like this one, The food is very good, the portions just right. Something for everyone, I have not tried everything out yet, but the falafel and chicken shwarma wrap were excellent. Hummus is good, baba ganoosh is OK. I will try to go and try something new each time so I can review those items too later on.The service is what I  call 'European', meaning, they do their job, they do it speedily and satisfactorily , but if you expect a big smile and every five minute of someone saying "is everything OK?" you might be disppointed. They do it, but not overdo it. I personally prefer this myself, but others might not.
5	Pita Jungle in Gilbert has been our go-to lunch spot in the area for the last couple of years. It's always packed whenever we go, and the laidback hipster servers are always friendly, on point, and attentive in their own ways. Their menu has a wide range of mediterranean and some middle eastern healthy dishes, and I don't think we've ever had something we don't like. Today we had the mahi mahi with pita chips and some type of healthy veggie-pizza on a flat bread (?). Both were excellent. We'll continue to go as long as it keeps rockin. I'm surprised there are only a few locations in the valley.
5	I've never had a pita with a pickle in it before, but I like it!Awesome kid's menu - the little ones can choose one each of a veggie, a grain, a protein, and a fruit for $4.99.  And their meal includes a drink.  Last time I went, I mentioned to the waitress that I didn't want to order a whole kid's meal for my daughter and that I was considering just getting a side of something for her, and the waitress informed me that I could order anything off of the kid's menu a la carte.  Sweet!The place is packed at lunch time, but the wait is not usually too long.  The food and friendly service are worth it.
4	I must confess that I was pretty hesitant to try this place. I mean come on, a chain Mediterranean restaurant sounds extremely far from legit. I like my ethnic food like I like my bars- small, hidden and full of funky people. Pita Jungle looked like the equivalent of Spaghetti factory for Italian food or the freakin Rainforest Cafe.Rant aside, I was happy to be somewhat convinced otherwise. Don't get me wrong, their food and overall flavors are still very Americanized. HOWEVER- they are super super tasty and worth going for even tho its not 100% ethnic. Hear me out. Pita Jungle is really a vegetarian's dream- and I'm not even vegetarian myself. Go and just order their appetizers and side dishes, they are good enough to make up a fantastic meal. The baba ganoush (eggplant hummus) had the smoky eggplant flavor i look for and it was very creamy and soft. Their side of lentils and rice is pretty abundant (for a $3 side dish) and a great base (just add veggies). My favorite though is their side of cauliflowers with tahini sauce and caramelized onions. Beware though, the cauliflower may be perfectly cooked and the sauce may be super tasty but this big side dish is heavier than it appears- the tahini sauce is heavy on the oil and spices, so its not recommended for the faint of stomach. Food aside, their sangrias are pretty mediocre but who am I to judge- I'm the idiot ordering sangria at a Mediterranean restaurant. Overall though, its a great place to go when you want to spoil yourself (by going out) but still eat somewhat healthy, or at least to pretend like you COULD eat health... you know, if you actually wanted to.
3	Typically I really like Pita Jungle, but I guess that's b/c I stick w/ the tuna pita or hummus (great!).  However, on this trip I got the Chicken Tikka Masala, and is really bad.  Very little taste, dry and not at all like a real Indian Tikka Masala.
3	Tried a gyro with a pickle in it for the first time. Dislike. I usually like a variety of flavor in my gyros but with the pickle in it, a big one at that, it really dominated the taste. That's honestly mainly all i tasted was the pickle and some sour cream. My server recommended the garlic potatoes. They weren't really garlicky at all. It was just really oily and bland, something I wasn't expecting. Honestly I feel like this restaurant is a product of it being over hyped by the masses. Kind of like how everything is apparently amazing in California.. but in reality its not. I'm glad i tried this place but if I was really craving Mediterranean I'll probably take my taste buds elsewhere.
5	Love Pita Jungle! This is location we come to most often; the staff is super friendly and the atmosphere is a little more relaxed than some of the other locations we have tried.Quick fix for Mediterranean and Middle Eastern food with a relaxing environment and very accommodating and friendly service. The servers know their food and the chefs are able to make adjustments as needed. The owners are usually there, and the food and service never fall short.The only thing we don't like about coming to Pita Jungle is we nearly always end up getting the same thing! The food that we get is so good, but we try to force ourselves to sample the big variety on the menu. Their daily specials offer new experiences that keep you coming back for more.Hummus is just right (try the cilantro-jalepeno hummus), baba ganoosh is my favorite dip, and they do falafel crispy, light, and full of spice.Salmon, Mahi Mahi, Chicken combo, Chicken Del Sol... they're all great! The side of beans is warm and comforting, and the light and fluffy garlic dip goes great with the chicken and pita bread. We always get the tabouli (taboule), and usually always get more to-go. The burgers are really moist and filling so there is something on the menu for everyone. The Lavosh Pizza is light, super crisp, and is packed with flavor.If you're looking for a good sampler, try the Mediterranean Platter. It serves great as an appetizer.This is the place to stop for an extremely casual and friendly lunch or dinner. Healthy food, good portions, and a community-driven environment make it a restaurant that stands out from the rest.
5	I love this restaurant.Staff is friendly, restaurant is clean & it's always hopping.I go as often as I can & order the gazpacho. What I love is that it's always a hair different each time I order it. That tells me it's always fresh and and is at the whim of the chef that day. One time it had watermelon in it.My only gripe is that they don't carry this soup year round. I don't think it's popular because people hear cold soup & assume it's not great.But it is.It comes w/ two pita triangles that have been fried. yumLg order is $5 Btw, I'm on a one woman campaign to get it year round.
3	I never knew how to rate this place... I totally dig the food, but the ambience and the service is just plain...well... weird.Most of the time you get stuck sitting in a sea of people. I felt like I was in a high school cafeteria.. I understand it might be a 'hipster' crowd that eats here usually, but do your servers have to look homeless? Do any of them ever smile?Or shave?I have never had a complaint about food consistency or anything, but maybe lower the prices just a little. Hummus is delicious, but not worth THAT much on my bill. I enjoy the falafel and a lot of their pita options. Do you notice I am trying to have the pros outweigh the awkward cons? I'd give it five stars if the prices were a little lower, and the service was more upbeat. That's all.
5	WOW, WHAT A PLACE!!!These are the types of fresh restaurants I am dying for here in Ohio. If you make it out to Arizona or California, look up nearby locations of Pita Jungle.Relaxed environment, friendly staff, happy hour specials on wine, beer and appetizers, and FRESH ingredients. The pita wraps were tasty and big; the homemade hummus was a delight, especially the cilantro jalapeno; and even my first try of lentil soup was memorable.Also this was the only restaurant during my 5 days in AZ that I just HAD to return to for seconds.
5	I love this place. The service is always great and the food is healthy and so tasty. I can't get enough of the garlic portobello flatbread pizza and the falafel platter. They're really fast with to-go orders, but when I can, I love dining in. The atmosphere reminds me a lot of the restaurants around Seattle (where I moved from). Such great staff. They're all friendly and laid-back. Really makes me feel comfortable.
4	Pita Jungle is so good! I know I'm just joining the ranks upon ranks of people who also love Pita Jungle, but gosh, it is great.I had gone to another location a year or two ago and couldn't get the delicious Chicken Lavosh Shawarma out of my head ever since! So, we finally got the chance to go back again this past weekend and it was as delicious and pleasant as I remembered.The dining room at this location is nice: open, bright, with some homey bohemian decor. Speaking of bohemian.. that is pretty much the word of the day with this place - the staff definitely have that vibe and dress accordingly. Our table was located right by the window to the kitchen, which was probably the least ideal part of our meal this time. It was noisy and our party of three often had trouble getting our conversation heard across the table. The server was great - kept our drinks full and took care of our order well - everything came out right. He was friendly and helpful. We started by sharing the hummus and pitas, which was tasty and filling - they really give you a generous portion of the hummus. After surveying the menu at length, I finally settled on a return to my original favorite: the Lavosh Shawarma Wrap and it was as delicious as I remembered! The garlic sauce inside is really what makes it, and the wrap itself is fresh, soft but a little crisp at the same time, and not greasy at all. The wrap normally comes with a Greek Salad, which I don't care for, so  opted for the grilled veggies instead (there is an upcharge for this) - they were AMAZING! I feel strange getting so excited about a side of veggies, but these were seriously delicious. Whatever sauce they cook them is is super tasty - the mix of veggies consisted of broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, mushrooms, zucchini. It was a generous portion and really good. Pricing is pretty approachable - around $10-15 per person.
5	my absolute fav!! yum yum yum tum!
5	I love Pita Jungle! The hummus is so good, and their chicken pasta salad is the absolute best!
3	Pita Jungle is a chain restaurant, kind of a P.F. Changs of Mediterranean food.They have a consistently good Hummus and Baba Ganoosh, but Pitas are what they're about. So don't stray far from their namesake,At my host's recommendation I went with the Philly Steak Pita which was was very tasty. It was full of good meat flavor, with very good sauce in ample quantity. For the most part everyone in our party needed a box.While it isn't exactly an "authentic" Med/Middle Eastern menu, it was a good choice for lunch.
4	Tried this Pita Jungle a little over a month ago. Usually not into chains, but this place was pretty good. Good food, good service, and great music and atmosphere. We had Spanokopita, I had a gyro, and my daughter had a chicken pizza. Spanokopita was good, gyro could've used a touch more meat, and the pizza was good.Overall: affordable, good place to grab a fresh tasting bite with Mediterranean flare!
4	I am a big fan of Pita Jungle. I visited the Tempe location while attending ASU and was extremely happy when the Gilbert location opened. The food is great, the servers are attentive, and there are always great pieces of art work on the walls. If you have yet to visit, I recommend the Jalapeno Cilantro or Roasted Bell Pepper Hummus. If you want to try both, be sure to ask for half n' half and ask the server for the Greek pita or cucumber slices.There is one downside to the restaurant and that is the location on a busy Friday, Saturday, or any other busy night. Park away from the entrance so you are not circling for a spot and/or waiting to be seated.
4	!!!-------------------SUPER SUPER YUMMY---------------------------!!!This review is for my first visit to the pita Jungle on May 29, 2013Noteworthy Note:My family and I had been to Pita Jungle one time before this on a Sunday afternoon, and the place was so packed that people were sitting outside to get a table and the wait was like 30 minutes, so we left to go somewhere faster that day, but not before taking in the amazing scent-sations wafting in from the kitchen.Plus one knows that of there is such a wait, the food has got to be worth it!So, we were eager to go back a few days later,  at the just-before-dinner-crowd hour, like say 4ish Pm.The interior is trendy and updated, great artwork, lighting and overall ambiance.The staff was alert, friendly and helpful knowing that we were 1st timers.Being that it was our 1st time we ate at pita jungle (but not our 1st time eating greek) we wanted to taste a bit of everything to get acquainted with what they had so we ordered:--------------- Our Apps:---------------The Mediterranean PlatterHummus, baba ganoosh, tzatziki, taboule, feta cheese, dolmades, falafel and green beans with two pitas. (we figured we could taste several of the apps this way)+ we knew we wanted lots of stuffed grape leaves so we also got an extra order of the DolmadesAll of the dishes served on the Mediterranean platter were beyond my expectations.The Hummus was smooth and fresh. You could really taste the tahini which I  find lacking in so many Hummus dishes Ive tried before. The baba ganoosh was my husbands favorite, it was lemony, savory and well textured. The  taboule was a great pallet cleanser, with the fresh chopped parsley (I didnt taste mint) cucumbers and tomato, and quite refreshing on a hot Phoenix afternoon. The tzatziki was both creamy and also refreshing. The green beans were cool and not overly crisp,  yet just the right amount of bite and so they paired well , contrasting texturally with the rest of the plate. The pitas were warm, soft and wonderfully tasty.(The reason we aren't giving 5 stars instead of 4 enters here)We asked The Waitress who came to ask if everything was ok, if she would bring us an extra order of the Pita Bread , because there was still so much Hummus and baba ganoosh we still wanted to eat on the platter and between the Three of us the 2 pitas didn't last long enough  , But sadly she didn't remember to ever bring them. SADFACE. WANT. DolmadesSix grape leaves stuffed with rice, tomatoes, onions and parsley, cooked in olive oil and lemon juice.The taste was amazing! These Should be called "Dolemites" (google that) not dolmades because just like Dolemite they were super pimp smooth , kicked that much booty and made the ladies feel sooo satisfied. Im not used to having Stuffed grape leaves (Dolmades) with tomato in them, & when I read that in the description, I was sort of like (*_*)?But The fist taste was just like you would want them, The leaves were not overcooked but rather perfectly cooked, soft but with just the right amount of tooth. The stuffing was delicious, light and lemony. You could tell they were hand-rolled and handmade that day, not out of some food service package. The olive oil was richly fragrant, but not overwhelming.--------------- Our Entrees:---------------2 Gyro'sBroiled beef & lamb marinated with spices and herbs, served in a Greek pita with mixed greens, tomatoes, onions, pickles and tzatziki.& 1 Falafel PitaCrispy croquettes of chickpeas in a regular pita with cilantro and spices, mixed greens, tomatoes, onions, pickles and tahini.Again Very Satisfying Quality, and taste + the Prices are crazy affordable for such great quality food. The Pitas are so good, the both Falafel and the Beef / lamb were savory and satisfying, while the fresh vegetables and pickles were crisp and  spot on fresh!--------------- Our Dessert:--------------- Baklava/BaklawaServed rolled with crispy light layers of  phyllo pastry filled with chopped nuts , sweetened with Honey and garnished with crushed bright green pistachio nuts. I could eat this everyday and NEVER get bored or tired of it, BEST DESSERT EVER!!My overall Impression was WOW. The prices were great, the quality was astonishingly good the staff was 4 out of 5, I will definitely be making this a regular place to go and would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to try something to wake up your taste buds  , and escape the ordinary fare.
5	So good, I love pita jungle. My personal fav is the honey seared ahi tuna salad. It comes with fruits in it like pineapple and strawberries which goes together so well with the fish!!
4	The food here is AMAZING! The grilled chicken is some of the best I've ever found. I enjoyed the lentil and rice and everything else I've had. I give the food 5 stars, but over all only 4 since the service isn't always 5 stars. Never terrible or anything like that but some servers are nicer than others. I keep going back and I will continue to.
5	I have never been to Pita, this was my first memorable visit there during my lunch hour. I thought since it was very crowded that it would take forever to get my food but it took less than 10 minutes. I ordered their broiled chicken pita and it was very tasty. The only thing is that I should have told them without the garlic sauce since it makes my pita a little soggy but besides that I enjoyed it and will definitely go back to explore more on the menu. Atmosphere is noisy and busy, the employees are very helpful and professional.
2	The only thing louder than the deep cuts of Arcade Fire blaring and the bad paintings on the walls is the screech of the metal chairs scraping across the concrete floor. Too loud for anything but takeout. Though the staff may be friendly, the place is virtually as inhospitable as an actual jungle.
3	I have been to the Pita Jungle in Chandler many times and loved it.  I love the Lentil Fetoosh Salad.  Tried the one in Gilbert and have to say was disappointed some.  Got the cheese and fruit platter and was served with molded cheese which makes me wonder about the quality at this location.  Server picked off the molded cheese and said is that good.  Also had the quesadilla which was excellent.  Service was good although the plentiful staff just sat around and watched you eat.  I am not sure I would go back to this location based on the mold but I will go back to other locations.
4	Not too bad. The service is great and the food is good. The drink list is limited to say the least, but I would go back.
3	Went here expecting more of a fast food atmosphere, its casual but you sit down and have a server. The food was ok, nothing special. I had a chicken pita, my son had the gyro. He liked it. The pita bread they serve with the Taziki appetizer wasn't that warm and isnt your traditional pita, they should serve it with the one they use for the gyro.I dont think ill go back, to many awesome places around here and the food was a bit over priced and just average tasting.
4	I learned about this place through my belly dancing teacher, and have been to this one and the one in mesa. The place is nice clean with lots of cool art the service is great if not a little hippie like.  I usually always get hummus some of the best hummus i have had. I would suggest not you get the hummus with ahi tuna cause when i had some i was not very good just stick to the basic. If you are tight on cash you can walk in and get a gyro for 7 bucks and it will fill you up. the portions are a pretty good size and the food is amazing! I will say the reason it got a 4 star was it is always really loud when we go. you cant hear the person sitting across from you cause its just so loud so if you are looking for a romantic quit place this is not it.
3	I have been to another one and feel in love with the falafel I had. I ordered and when I took my first bite I was a bit disappointed. Although good, the bread was hard around the edges and tasted a bit stale. It wasn't hot or warm but room temperature and did I mention stale tasting.  The employees don't look happy or that they care to be there. My guy waiter was nice enough but I felt a bit of a disconnect with the whole environment.  I will go back to the one in Mesa but will pass on this one.
5	Try the gazpacho. I never had it before and was reluctant to try cold soup; but I was not disappointed. Cold soup in the Arizona summer was perfect. I usually like to get the Greek salad.  The food is always fresh and tasty and the staff is very friendly.  I like to go there when I feel like eating healthy.
4	I love that this place has food choices for vegans & meat eaters alike. The food is non processed & tastes great! I also like that you can get alcohol here too! My one criticism is that the pita is sub par. It tastes like they bought it at the grocery store. If pita is in the store name they should have fresher, better tasting pita bread!
5	We LOVE Pita Jungle!It is always an amazing experience with great food and a wonderful atmosphere.I highly recommend an order of Pita Chips as an appetizer.The portions are generally massive, so sharing may be an option.Fruit and Cheese Fantasia or Caribbean Salad with the Peanut Butter Shake is to die for.
4	Pita jungle is one of our family's favorite places to go for a quick, fresh, healthy meal. The kids love the chipotle chicken flatbread and I am addicted to the Moroccan gazpacho! We feel great when we leave and usually try make better food choices for the rest of the day!
4	This location Rocks! The staff (both front and back of house) know what they are doing - which is very refreshing these days. Just wish it wasn't overrun w/ so many loud kids. Thanks Gilbert location for holding true to Pita Jungle's standards!
5	Love love love this place. Great food, excellent wines and appetizers, too. Prices are very good. Sometimes we see a lot of people waiting, but it seems we've never waited more than a couple of minutes. The wait staff are knowledgeable and helpful at offering suggestions. We've eaten just about everything they have on the menu and have never been disappointed. We think they have the best hummus EVER.
5	Everything is delish!
5	If you like Greek food, this is the place to be.  About 2 days out of the week, my family heads to Pita Jungle in Gilbert.  I have been to all the locations in the Phoenix area and the Gilbert location is by far my favorite.  The service is always excellent.  There are several staffers there that have been there for a very long time.  They have more than just your typical restaurant's staff on hand.  Someone is always right there to make sure your food is delivered fresh to your table and if you empty a plate, it won't stay on your table very long.  In the past several years, I have never had an order come out wrong, cold or had to send anything back.  The menu is diverse enough that I can take my Gluten free family and friends and those that want a hearty meal..It is one of those environments that you can have an intimate dinner or a family dinner.  The decor is ever changing with artwork from local artists.  Their wine selections are excellent and I often find that I come across my new favorites by trying them at Pita....I highly recommend this restaurant..
4	I visited Pita Jungle with a large group on December 23rd. Our whole family got the Gyros and they were great. The only complaint I have is that they do not offer Greek fries like so many other Greek restaurants offer. Perhaps it is because this place is for health freaks. Oh well, I will visit again but I really wish they had Greek Fries. That would take it to 5 stars for sure.
4	I've eaten at this location twice. The first time I got a falafel to go. I thought the cilantro was a bit much for the falafel, it wasn't what I've been used to in the past. I like a milder basic falafel. Today I had a shawarma pita and it was really good. A little heavy on the red onions so next time I plan to ask for no onions! The price is great for the amount of good you get. My pita's are always loaded up.
4	I am a HUGE Pita Jungle fan and I've waited anxiously for this location to open because it is so close to my work. It seems to be an instant success and super-busy already... good for you Pita Jungle. The food has the same great flavor and everything was awesome. The only reason I didn't give five stars is the noise. Something must be done about it. I took two clients to lunch the other day and they loved the food, but said they probably wouldn't come back because you can't hear yourself think. I hope it's an easy fix... because I agree... I'll send most of my time at the William's Field location which is perfect :)Please, please do something about the noise... I love this place!
1	Our waiter was very nice, everything was clean.  That is it for the good stuff.There was nowhere to stand while we waited for a table.  It took me a couple of minutes to get one of the bartender girls to get us some menus to look at.  My husband ordered the "wood-fired chicken" off of the specials menu.  It was covered in a lot of cilantro (not in the description) and he hates cilantro.  i also ordered from the specials menus and got the "ginger stir-fry".  It was so salty that i couldn't eat it.  Since it was for a birthday, i just tried to pick out the vegetables that weren't as bad.  My father-in-law got a side of the "garlic new potatoes".  He didn't complain, but half of them were burnt, and the rest looked okay; like divided down the middle.And the water tasted like tap water.  Couldn't even wash the the salty noodles down with a drink.While the open kitchen seemed like it would make it feel like all the cooking was fresh, it was piled with enormous stacks of plastic to-go containers, just like the hostess station.  weird.
4	One of my favorite places!!! Sometimes the service is lacking a bit (depending on who serves you) but the food and atmosphere make up for it. I've been to most of the Pita Jungle locations and love them all. Total A+. Only problem is now my standard for fresh, healthy food while dining out is making it hard to enjoy other restaurants!
3	Food is good but for some reason the last two times I are here I got sick. I don't know maybe it's just me. Service is a 5 out of 10. Food is pretty good
2	To be honest way over priced the fact I wanted veggies over rice and I get charged more for veggies come on guys and then I've had chicken with curry sauce before today ask for the same thing and I got this chicken that had no curry spice at all to it veggies are undercooked...  Very disappointed with Pita jungle I am sticking with Pita da vita in Gilbert.  At least I won't get charged for veggies and it's actual curry sauce..
2	We love Pita Jungle. We eat at the Chandler location 2-3 times a week. My husband is a nurse and we live in Gilbert so he gets off work around 8 or 8:30...we went to Pita Jungle in Gilbert and it was 8:45 and they told us they were closed. I said, that it says 9 at the door and the manager said, we don't serve anyone this close to closing. This was about 2.5 years ago I think...it was when they first opened. We will drive all the way to Chandler now. Occasionally we will eat at Pita Gilbert in a pinch but the service is terrible there and they will have you wait even when there are empty tables sitting there...they don't hustle at all to please the customer. Their portions are smaller too. Not that I need a huge portion but we like to share our food and having more chicken in a spicy chicken wrap rather than rice filler makes a huge difference to me. Mostly, I like the food for the most part but the service is, has been and continues to be aweful. I am pretty certain it comes from the management.
1	We use to eat here and were very happy. The past 2 times we've gone, I've been so disappointed! We've been two weeks in a row...last week we saw our server when we ordered and when we paid. We asked for napkins, refills and boxes from other servers. Where was our server???? Oh, she was real busy chatting by the bar with another worker! I guess they give her better tips then we would have. Went today and ordered off happy hour menu. They were out of the red wine so she have me two others to choose from and then she charged me the menu price. If you are out and aren't going to honor the pricing that needs to be clearly communicated. We came at the time we did to take advantage of happy hour. I really wish she would have gotten a manager involved. Maybe they aren't concerned with customers who come weekly, either sitting inside or ordering to-go. It's time to find a new place. Good thing one is opening up in the same parking lot.
1	I called in an order tonight for a pesto lavish turkey wrap and spicy chicken wrap. When I got it home I realized that I did not get the turkey lavish wrap but something different and my boyfriend's spicy chicken wrap was a complete mess. Getting an order correct is very important especially if people are picking it up to go and won't realize they have the wrong thing until they are already home. Very frustrating. We won't be back.
4	Pita Jungle offers a healthier dining experience than most alternatives in a laid back environment. The food quality can vary from location to location I tend to prefer the food at the Val Vista and Williamsfield location. The wait staff is also very friendly and helpful. It is true that if they are busy that you may have to stand and wait for a table. However, that is also a sign of a restaurant that is doing good business and has food worth waiting for.
5	This is our Sunday after-church destination. Phenomenal hummus, pitas, pizza, and wraps. We like the hummus trio with grilled chicken, add extra pitas and cucumbers. After that go with the mahi mahi. Our kids love the lavash pizza and red lentil soup. Get a half and half of the tropical and green iced tea and they'll always offer up a to-go cup on the way out. My wife and I walked to the PJ in Tempe off Apache during college and now have one within biking distance again! Great vibe, healthy delicious food, and good service!
3	Let me start off by saying it pains me to give PJ less than 5 stars. I'm a big fan of Pita Jungle and have been to this location many times but recently it's been a disappointment. Food has been good as expected but clientele at this location, coupled with pretty slow & unfriendly service, has us driving out of our way to go to another location. Place is a hot bed for little kids and babies. I'm not oppose to families w/ little ones - I have one myself, but if you insist on having your kids run around the restaurant and/or cry their heads off please consider a pizza place. On more than one occasion we've ran into this on weekends so it's not a one off situation. When I'm spending that kind of money all I want is a little kick back, relaxing atmosphere, good service & a beer or wine to go with my hummus, not inconsiderate clueless patrons.
5	I absolutely love this place. I frequently come here sometime multiple times a week for lunch or dinner. The staff is always very friendly and the service is always exceptional with amazing food. I have tried a majority of the menu option ,and I have yet to be disappointed.
5	Good Mediterranean style vegetarian menu. I am very pleased to have two such restaurants to choose from, and Pita Jungle is fantastic because it has a very well rounded vegetarian menu. Plenty of options for whatever you are craving.
5	Gotta love Pita Jungle, they are sprouting up all over the valley and for good reason the food is hard to beat.The food is delicious and they give you plenty of it. Standouts are:-Lavash pizzas (i know pizza at Mediterranean place? but trust me this is the best thing on the menu) Glazed chicken or the chipotle are a must, crispy crust and big ol chunks of chicken.-Hummus is great, red pepper, cilantro/jalapeno and traditional-Gryo, good size portion-Med plate, good sampler platter-Fruit and cheese bowl, good lord this is a bunch of fruit and cheese!So far nothing has disappointed but its really hard not to get the lavash and hummus every time.Atmosphere is really laid back, servers especially (definitively can wear what they want). Nice rotating artwork throughout the place that can be purchased.This location sits in a strip mall kinda deal, very simple not as settled in as other location in chandler but it is a good location if your in south Chandler or Gilbert.
4	Good food, good service. I even got a nutrition menu when I asked for it (the nutrition info is available on their web site but it is not very easy to read on the smart phone screen).I wish they has some options for health conscious people and those items were listed in a separate section (say under 500 calories, or 700 calories).
4	My son wanted to eat somewhere healthy so we went here.  It was my first time and I loved it!  I don't think that you can go wrong with anything on the menu.  Also the kids menu is great and teaching kids about healthy eating.  Very cool!
5	The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I ordered the chicken shwarma and my wife had the filaffel sandwich. Not sure of the spelling on those but both were great. My chicken sandwich seemed a bit dry but once I tasted the combo of the veggies chicken sauce and pickles it balanced well and was very tasty. We also ordered the Mediterranean plate. That was also very tasty.
5	Spicy chicken wrap and chicken lavosh pizza were highlights from here.  I can honestly say we have never really had a bad meal from pita jungle.  It has definitely earned its way into our regular rotation.
4	This place is consistent. It's got a nice open ambiance and feels casual / artsy. It has been several months since I have been in, but I could tell many of the staff were the same. So I assume they have a pretty good morale, low turn over. The menu has a good variety, my wife and daughter are vegetarian, but not myself or my son, but there are plenty of choices to keep us all happy. Which isn't always the case, and another reason I like this place. Every time we have gone, the service has been good. We are checked on frequently and the waitress/waiters seem to know the menu and be helpful. The food quantity and consistency also is good. I would say the only thing that happens with the hummus plate is not enough chips, we always end up with extra hummus, which seems like a waste. The flavors have that extra little unique flare. If you want a casual / good place to take your family, this is it.
2	Vibe is good and it's clean, people are nice.  However both mine and my husbands food lacked flavor. The gyro meat tasted boiled and salty not fresh. For 30$ we left with carryout with one small bag. The same order at our previous spot in NV would have given us lots of extras. Even another nearby spot would have given much more on portions. Just disappointed because I love Greek food
4	I think I like the Dobson one better, but this one is much closer to our home.  We've been here a couple times and the food is consistently good - so I give this a 5 star.  But, the restaurant is super dark, like it's hard to tell what you're eating or see people.  They could use just a little more light (not saying blaring, but a bit more).I don't particularly care for the seating arrangement of this restaurant as we were seated so close to another party next to us that I could just reach and take their food to eat.  That's too close.  So, I give this a 3 star.Also, the restaurant is incredibly loud.  I felt the noise level was way too loud and I don't know if the acoustics of the place was just kind of tinny or what, but everything seemed amplified, like way louder than a Chinese restaurant.Though the other Pita Jungle we go to in Chandler is bit bigger, it seems like the sound diffuses better keeping the noise level down.  I give the noise level a 1 star at his Pita Jungle.  But, the food is incredibly good and you get nice portions without being HUGE nor too small.  Just right.  I only wish I could hear my thoughts when I'm in there, seeing the delicious food I'm eating, and not have to be so chummy with total strangers.All the staff was nice, so great customer service.  Everyone upbeat and friendly.
4	Service was prompt and the food and good! Really enjoyed that they had a happy hour but was a little surprised when the happy hour portions were just a couple bites. The server didn't explain that and when I ordered mushrooms for the table, it ended up being a couple bites for one person. If we needed enough for the table, we might as well have ordered a full priced item. Other than that, this is a good little place to grab some fresh, semi-healthy foods. My kids love the hummus trio and my wife and I always seem to order the chipotle chicken lavash pizza!
5	One of my favorite restaurants! Food is delicious and I know that's it's pretty darn good for me.
5	Service was prompt, food was Delish, ambiance was perfect for two. I would definitely go back. We ordered the red pepper hummus, chicken puttanesca & the philly steak pita. Everything was very fresh and full of flavor. Next time I'll make sure to order the puttanesca without capers as I don't care for the flavor that much. The waitress was very attentive and overall our experience was wonderful. Adding this to the list of date night spots.
4	Food is pretty good here. I always get the gyro and my husband likes one of the chicken wraps. We usually call in the order and bring it home since it's always packed in the evenings. The salmon is also really good for a healthy option.
4	** Thank you Pita Jungle for getting back to me:)  They completely went above and beyond to make it right.  I will surely be returning! I am so irritated with the customer service for Pita Jungle.  We ordered take out one night, and when we got back they put the wrong hummus in the bag.  One of my favorite parts of Pita Jungle is the cilantro hummus.  I emailed to see if we could get a voucher or something for the hummus and nobody responded.  I know it is a small request and it may seem petty, but it is the principal.  I could have gone back in, but we were busy!  Knowing they are blowing me off kind of makes me never want to go back.   I am not a fan of Pita Jungle right now.  A small email would have made it right.
5	What's NOT to love about this place! Service and food are awesome. The environment is clean and chic. It feels like an upscale Scottsdale cafe instead of a Gilbert hideaway. I love their falafel! I order take out often with this place and they always have things perfect.
5	Came here with a large group and waited about 15-20 minutes for a table of 15. The  hummus with grilled chicken $10 and the mahi mahi with pita chips $11 are my 2 favorite dishes. "Instead of a mahi mahi, can I get just the mahi?" Lol anyone recognize this line?Good for kids because they have a kids fun kit filled with crayons and a fun sheet. As usual, all pita jungle locations have local art work on the walls for sale.
4	Want fresh, healthy food options in a rush? Then this is definitely your place. On occasion the pita bread might be somewhat hard on the edges I assume from leaving out for long but nothing that the more than accommodating and friendly staff won't fix in a second. The tabbouleh, ratatouille and tzatziki in the antipasto platter were simple spectacular. Feta was super fresh and although I am not necessarily a fan of dolmades the ones they serve could make me change my mind. Good hummus.
4	Solid Pita Jungle. All our food was fresh, fast, and good. A little bit of a wait on a Friday night, but not bad. Staff was fast, friendly, and courteous. Will definitely be back.
5	Sylvia was our server and she did a terrific job! The food was perfect, the atmosphere was casual and sort of trendy. The place was clean and a little noisey.A solid 5 stars!
5	I have been four times and I will not stop.  I have been to three locations and they all rocked.  I'm gonna paste this same review to all three.These are clean restaurants with fun menus.  You can eat healthy.  They serve vegetables and fruit.  They plate well.  The food is attractive.I have tried 8 menu items and they were all fantastic.  Good signs.
5	I know it's a pita place but the Fresh Salmon plate is amazing. Many restaurants have this dish but this is one of the best I've had. My only complaint is that it's busy and there can be a wait at lunch time but that's a sign of a good restaurant.
5	Food is healthy and delicious. Staff is fast and friendly. We love coming here. Our favorites are the chicken pasta and the fish salad with strawberries and pineapple!
5	Awesome.  Chicken pasta salad, cheese and fruit plate, or Mediterranean platter...can't go wrong.  Good wines, exceptional service, a cool vibe, and really kid friendly.
3	Pretty good food. I had the Philly steak pita and the Greek salad. The only reason I give 3 stars is because the takeout food is not the same quality and the Greek salad was so small for $7.
