2	The Pittsburgh Skyline - that iconic view of downtown (mostly photographed from Mt. Washington) was once a hallmark of Pittsburgh, something at which was naturally beautiful to look now suffers from a scorching case of corporate herpes.I noticed this because today (Aug 17), Bing.com's homepage was a very old late evening photograph of downtown from Grandview Ave, complete with a full moon hovering slightly above and to the left of the USS Tower.For those of you who don't know: Corporate Herpes is a condition caused by a city whoring out its skyline to the corporate dicks located within the city. Corporations leave their mark forever to be seen on the skyline in the form of logos or names. They scream out "Yeah, I hit that!" While everyone else is thinking, "I DON'T CARE".So thanks to Highmark, UPMC, Reed Smith and other ambulance chasers, BNY Mellon and all others for overcompensating.
5	Our skyline has to be one of the most beautiful skylines in the country. It's a mixture of concrete, steel, glass, limestone, aluminum and lights. The tallest building is the US Steel tower which is the building that has UPMC's name in screaming white letters. It's 64 stories and 841 feet tall. Originally, US Steel wanted to build the tallest building in the world when their new headquarters was being designed, but due to costs and decline in the steel industry, it was scaled back. It's built with a steel invented by US Steel called Cor-ten, the outer skeleton is actually rust, and as the building ages that rust becomes harder, stronger and darker, and non-corrosive. The university of Pittsburgh Medical Center is the largest tenant and had their logo put on top of the building in 2008.The second tallest building is the 54 story, 750 foot tall BNY-Mellon center. Originally built to be the home of Dravo, before the building was even completed Dravo moved their headquarters to Tennessee and Mellon Bank bought it and was headquartered there. Mellon merged with the Bank of New York and the headquarters moved to Manhattan. BNY-Mellon center is the local headquarters for that company and 3200 people are employed here for that company.In 1985 the city went through a huge building boom, such buildings as 5th Avenue Place, Federated Investors, and what is now the Westin Convention Center Hotel were changing the Skyline. But, the crown jewel was the forty story, 660 foot tall PPG Place. It's actually 5 buildings, 1 PPG place is the tallest building, 2 PPG place is fourteen stores and buildings 3 through 5 are all five stories. A mixed use building, it's home to shops, restaurants, and office space. It's the home of PPG Industries, formerly the Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company. Founded in 1883, at one time PPG out produced all the glass manufacturers in the United States by a 2-1 margin. Over a million square feet of glass cover those five buildings. The HJ Heinz corporation is a major tenant at PPG Place. The decorative spires that adorn the roofs of all five buildings were inspired by Parliament's spires in England.When looking at the Skyline from Mt Washington along the river fronts edge you'll see a row of smaller, older buildings called First Side. Many of these buildings were built after the 1845 great fire, which destroyed much of the area today known as downtown. First side is a reminder of how downtown looked in the late 1800's.There has been a great debate about the corporations in the city putting their names and logos on the buildings. recently, UPMC, Highmark, PNC Bank, First Niagara, Reed-Smith, BNY-Mellon, K&L Gates, and Citizens Bank have added to the "sky-graffiti" of the skyline. Some people love it, saying it give Pittsburgh that big town feel, while other say it distracts from the beauty of the architecture. It's an ongoing debate. The skyline will be changing by 2014 when the new 40 story PNC bank international headquarters will be built. PNC promises it will be the "greenest" building in the world.The Grant Building was Pittsburgh's first skyscraper, completed in 1930, it's 485 feet tall, with 37 stories. This iconic building is known for the beacon on top. At night, the beacon comes to life blinking the word "Pittsburgh" in morse code. Other iconic buildings in downtown are the art deco Gulf Tower and Koppers Building. Each building has unique lighting. For many years the Gulf Tower with it's pyramid shaped top would light up at night in either orange or blue, (the corporate colors of Gulf Oil) orange meaning fare weather, blue meant fowl weather. It's 44 stories and 585 feet tall, and was completed in 1932. The Koppers building has 34 stories and is 475 feet tall. It's chateauesque style roof makes this building one of a kind. These two buildings along with the Grant Building were the tallest building in the city until 1969 when the US Steel tower was completed. Yes, we have a unique skyline, one that is a mixture of old and new, glass and steel, at one time the two top industries in the city. What a beautiful city we have. The most livable in America!
5	It gives me tingles and chills each time I approach Pittsburgh and pop out of the tunnel and start to see the familiar skyline that boasts the stadiums that house the Steelers and Pirates and you see why it is called three rivers.....You see bridges, buildings, iconic things like the incline and the point.  You start to imagine the people and events that are taking place in the heart of the city.  It makes me yearn for chipped ham, pierogis, beer, and small talk with the various polish, Slovak, and Italian grandmas and grandpas......makes me thirsty to swill a rolling rock or iron city with some of the colorful characters that reside in this little treasure of a city and have probably resided there their entire lifetime.  You can walk into so many little neighborhood bars in all the cool little suburbs and it is like time has stopped....I have traveled through many cities and this always remains one of the most impressive skylines I have seen.  There is nothing quite like a little river town....Sure it may not be the most shiny or newest but it will always be the house that built me.
5	Amazing looking city.  Pain in the ass to drive in with all the zig zag streets but from afar its dope!  Lots of gritty, old buildings with a touch of modern here and there.  Now, just gotta do something about all the Stiller fans...
