4	Nice, quiet neighborhood coffee bar.  However, the elementary school a block away gets out at 3:25, and from 3-4 it can be crowded with moms and younger siblings stopping in to pass the time.  Outside those times, it's always quiet with nice music and delicious pastries.
4	Great location, in a very walkable area with a few other food places and shops around. Generally easy enough to park and grab coffee to go easily, but finding parking around the area for more than 2-3 hours is a pain. Good coffee and good selection of random food available. They sell all sorts of coffee making implements as well.
4	Good coffee, nice walking street, good selection of teas and little gifty things, good pastries, *excellent* scones, and it's not that other green-logo'd coffee place.
3	Nice neighborhood coffee.  Small but always seems to have room.  Good selection of teas also..  Good scones and pastries.  CT dos have some specialty blends.
1	Coffee and atmosphere are great... but my God, the cupcakes are the worst EVER!!!  There is a bakery right beside them; they should really consider selling the bakery's sweets or none at all.  I think a fake/display cupcake would have been fresher... and maybe even taste better.  Yes, it was that bad!  Mr. Manager... try your stuff before you sell it!
5	Great atmosphere. Great Barristas. Great coffee. Locally roasted. Forget those uptown coffee shops. Go downtown Mt. Lebo for the best all around coffee house experience.
1	I bought a latte.....no wait! Actually, I bought coffee and espresso and two lattes and something to munch on (not all for me I had a friend with me). When I ordered the 2nd latte I sat down and realized I didn't have any foam so went back to the counter to ask for some and and she wanted to charge me!? Really!? Maybe it sound petty to you but I like my lattes fixed a certain way and foam is the best part! It's all about customer service and considering I had just spent over $25.00 a little foam wasn't much to ask. Good coffee. Bad customer service.
4	Friendly staff but some pastries were stale by 10pm. Nice outdoor seating. Nice safe neighborhood. Bring your laptop free WiFi.
4	First,  I love CTR's coffee.Second,  this location has great batistas and it's less congested than other CTR'S I've been to. That about covers it
