1	Waiting in line here is slower than watching paint dry.
2	Waiting to get acknowledge is slower than watching paint dry. The review from Danielle R. has it about right. The only redeeming quality is the young man working behind the counter. He was helping another patron when I got there. Two other associates were doing their own thing. I just stood there while they talked to each other and on the phone. When the guy was finished, he helped me.
2	I think the best thing going for this place is it's location. I would much rather go to Party City as they seem to have a better selection and product quality is much higher.It's messy, and the staff was just ok. Certainty won't go here unless I have to.
3	Came here to get some supplies for a party at my house.  I haven't been to other party places so I really don't have anything to compare it to.  The prices seemed reasonable and the selected was also large.  The store seemed a little dirty though and you have to look hard to find the place.  It's tucked away in the corner of the strip mall.  The inside is a lot larger than the outside appears.
5	I found everything that I was looking for to do a "what will it bee?" Baby shower. The staff was very helpful and friendly.
4	I had read many negative reviews and was apprehensive about ordering balloons and chairs for my sons 1st birthday party; however, their location is right near my home and more convenient than going to Party City. The woman who helped me with my order was very nice and listened to exactly what I wanted: 140 balloons and 15 chairs to rent. I requested a delivery and paid in full for everything. I was told it would be guaranteed to be there between 9-10 am. Everything was delivered at 10:45 and the balloons were  different colors from what I ordered. Feeling extremely frustrated at this point I called to speak to a manager and she apologized and asked how she could fix it. The owner of the company actually was one of the people who delivered the balloons and felt awful about the mix up. He immediately rectified the situation by calling the store and asking them to make the correct amount of balloons in the colors I had originally requested. He told me he wanted me to be a happy customer and a return customer and was going to have the balloons delivered before the party began which they did!Sometimes the only way to find out what a business is all about is for mistakes to occur and to watch the customer service response. In this case I feel they did an excellent job of turning a very frustrated customer into a happy one.
1	I went in specifically for some birthday Mylar balloons that were all displayed on a wall. They had a nice display with many options! Each balloon has a number next to it so I wrote down 8 numbers of different cute "happy birthday" balloons.They only had ONE in stock. Horrible.The only saving grace was the girl helping me kept apologizing.Seriously though,, order some stock!
1	Worst party supply place ever. Service is so slow, and they practically have nothing.
5	I really like this place. It has many different and fun options that you won't find at Party City. Yes the service is a little slow but it's not like gonna kill me to wait another minute or two...
1	This is place is horrendous, it's dirty, unorganized and the employees are so rude and unhappy, I recommend to everyone to never set foot in this place! I am a local business owner and I send out multiple packages a week, I was so excited that this place started offering the USPS store, making it more convenient for me to ship since it is in the same complex as me! Unfortunately, the employees are awful. They are not trained in customer service or how to do any USPS transactions. Every time I have been there for a simple transaction it takes about 20 minutes and the employees have no idea what's going on. It's always different prices and it takes multiple attempts of printing out receipts and postage for them to get it right. I've complained to the "managers" on duty multiple times and have gotten a rude response about how the owner doesn't care and they aren't trained to know the USPS part of the store. The last time I was there, a gruff lady was cussing and complaining about her job to other employees, it took her 10 min to come over and help me, when she finally did she gave me the wrong box size and after I had packed, taped and labeled it, she told me that she gave me the wrong box and that I would have to unpack it and pack it into another box! Clueless! I think the owner needs to step in and train the employees in customer service and how to use a cash register!!!!!
1	I went in today to get party invites for my sons birthday the lady behind the counter was on her phone I asked where the invites where she said on 4 or 6 she did not even get off her phone to help me look I left not finding what I was looking for and upset that I did not get the help I was looking for
1	Went in today to look for party favors and supplies for a baby shower. Absolutely was not impressed. Everything is filthy and it's all just junk. It's dimly lit and hard to find anything. There was not a worker in sight. When I finally did see someone one, no "hi" or any type of acknowledgment. Save yourself the time and go elsewhere!!
1	Two other customers in the store, five staff people working, and it takes forever for me to pay for my items due to a "shift change." Horrible customer service, avoid this place; I am.
5	Yuyis was sooo friendly and helpful. Great customer service! I will definitely come back here for any event I have.
5	Yuyis, was so amazing. Our party is going to be wonderful because of her help. Great prices and great selection.
1	I went in to buy 45 balloons for an event and the person who I dealt with was very rude. When I called to order the balloons, I was rushed off the phone. When I got there to pay for them the same guy who rushed me off the phone told me I looked "Like a teacher, because I looked shell shock from working with kids all day." Which I did not take as a compliment, then when they called later that day to confirm the pickup I missed the call on my phone. When I called back the guy told me my voicemail message was "So annoying" so he didn't leave a message. We buy balloons for events at my school all the time, we won't be going back to Party USA.
1	I ordered 60 balloons a month before my daughter's bridal shower.  Two days before the party I called to reconfirm my order.   Pick up time was scheduled for 10am.  We arrived to pick up our balloons at 10:15 and the employees were JUST starting to fill them!!!   We had to wait about 20 minutes!   I had food in my van, and other things to do to set up for this party!   Needless to say I was quite upset with the horrible service!   They didn't apologize, or offer me anything to make up for the inconvenience.  Cripes.... at least throw in a few free balloons!   AWFUL!
1	HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!!! I bought some angel wings for Halloween that snapped as soon as I tried them on! I tried to talk to the manager STAR that is horrible I cant believe she is the manager btw..I know their policy is no returns or exchanges but obviously you do that because you know your products are a piece of crap and I just bought 2 hours before so I wanted my money back because the rest of the wings they had looked as if a dog chewed them up! Not to mention there was glitter everywhere! Horrible customer service and rude! Save yourself the hastle! Unorganized store and customer service sucks and hope you never have to deal with anyone here especially star!! Keep your $15 dollar wings and use that as a tip you obviously needed it more than I did! I hope this store gets shut down!!!
1	Horrible! Never again will I come ans shop here! I recommend this place to no one! The service is horrible and to top it off they changed the prices when I got to the register. I was only suppose to pay 70 bucks for 2 items and they charged me 108! No one come here!
1	Wow. Don't waste your time. I walk in, three girls behind the counter, not one greets me. Not only that but they are all talking about another employee, cursing and being very inappropriate. Finally girl girl asks if I need help bug was not professional at all.I walked around a bit and the store is a complete mess. Unorganized and unwelcoming. If I was there to actually find something it would have taken me awhile to find it. Prices were ridiculous. I got out of there fast and still not a word from the girls.
1	Just like the classic Miley Cyrus song, this place gets stuck in your brain for all the wrong reasons. I came here because I literally needed 15 balloons blown-up for an event. I was helped after I stood at the counter for a bit and waited for the girl behind it to finish her text. I told her my situation and she obliged by taking my balloons, setting them off to the side, and getting another worker to both ring me out and inflate the balloons. Apparently the cellphone rules all things around her.While "balloon girl" inflated my balloons, another customer walked up and needed to be rang out. The "cellphone girl" didn't move a muscle and asked "balloon girl" to stop and help them out... really?When I asked "cellphone girl" if she could continue with my order, I was told she couldn't because at the moment she needed to get a package ready to ship before the post office closes. Umm...  It's 4:50pm, so unless you're the Flash, you will never make it to the post office. Ouch my brain. Party USA might have the worst customer service I've ever experienced. Never-mind the clueless worker who probably puts in 15 hours a week after high school, the I guess "manager" who is loudly placing a food order via her cellphone while walking through the store, but what really bothered me is the girl behind the counter. Can't you at least pretend like you give a shit about anything besides text messages or the latest update on Justin Bieber's FB page? Plus this location is extremely dirty. Boxes and trash all over the place. Definitely a tripping hazard nightmare. Sorry. I went a little George Carlin on this review, but I mean... Ugh. Seriously, avoid this place like the walls are releasing Ebola fumes.
1	Horrible service. Everytime I come I'm never greeted and I have to seek someone for help even to pay for items. Always more than 1 employee standing around yet they still don't offer to help.
