4	I came across Acerno VIllas when I was looking for a place to live.  I searched a lot of places.  I took a tour of the apartment complex one afternoon while on my lunch break. I was taken back at how nice the complex was and there was even a nice 1 bedroom in my price range that overlooked the pool.The apartments seemed great, on the up and up and the management seemed very responsive about maintenance requests etc.As the one year mark approached my girlfriend and I started to notice and overall change in the complex.  Seemed to start seeing a lot of people wandering around, and using the pool who clearly didn't live here.The general vibe of the place seemed to go  down hill from what we could tell, seemed as though they just started letting anyone move... perhaps due to the economy they just needed to fill the apartments.I still renewed my lease, only for 6 more months this time around due to work obligations.  Hoping that this place cleans up a little and they some how are able to monitor the real residents compared to the people just coming here to use our pool.
1	STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!! These people are so unreasonable you will regret it if you move in. FIRST of all, they lack communication; SECOND, they lack MANNERS!!!! Very very rude, I thought Amy was bad, but Michelle the new manager, is beyond RUDE! You don't believe me?! Speak to her in person then you will know, probably not when you are just about to move in if they want your business, but if you are already moved in, then try to speak to her about an existing issue, SHE WON'T LET YOU TALK!!! A HORRIBLE listener! THIRD, don't expect flexibilities, they won't work around you, it's their way or the highway, so make sure you check everything when you move in, because they WILL charge you for something you didn't mark on that checklist, even though if it's WORKABLE!! So mark down the scratches on the sink, mark down the discoloration on the wall, EVERYTHING you can see, write them down!!! FOUR, the traffic is a nightmare!! There's only a 2-way stop when you exit, so you have to yield for traffic on both sides left and right; during school hours, the only chance you get to drive across the street is when the kids cross the street so it forces the traffic on both sides to stop. Overall, I rather deal with the horrible traffic than horrible customer service, which these people definitely need to self evaluate - how can a manager be more bitchy than her own staff?!!! STAY AWAY!! Because you will regret it if you don't!
5	I've lived at Acerno Villas for a few months now and my cat and I LOVE IT here.  I looked all over the place to find a quiet, spacious two bedroom apartment with a full size washer/dryer walk in laundry room not in the kitchen, a large master with a balcony attached, walk in closets, large bathrooms and bathtubs, lots of kitchen counter space, and an amazing view of the west Vegas mountains. The walls are painted a warm beige and the place looked nearly brand new when I moved in.  The management team has been great- I love that they are not "crazy" or "picky" about what I can or cannot have on my balcony and they don't police you like I've experienced elsewhere.  The maintenence guys are the nicest, friendliest people I've ever met.  There is plenty of guest parking.  It's super convenient to be able to pay my rent online and not have to drop off a check.  I really can't complain about anything here except maybe the fact that the walls are pretty thin and I can hear my neighbors sometimes- but I can sleep through anything and it doesn't really bother me.  I wake up every day and am reminded how happy I am that I live here.  If any of this changes then I will certainly update my review- but for now, I'd definitely recommend it!
5	LOVE living here. have been here a little over a year now & the staff is amazing. always willing to work with you.
