2	This is a bar style restaurant. If you go during the day expect to wait a while.  The waitresses are running around like crazy, so getting some personal attention is kind of hard. We put up peace flags and smoke signals. :)The food is okay. Had a wrap that wasn't bad on the way down, but later upset the tummy.. My friend had the tuna melt, and wasn't happy at all. But  I have heard that dinner gets much better. So that's that... Acceptable, but not recommendable.
1	This is what happens when you ask a cab driver where to go at 4am on a Friday night after way too many drinks.  The only good thing I can say about Tommy Rocker's is that their fries were surprisingly good.It's a small venue, but what made this disappointing was the fact that there were more people serving food than dancers.  Take my advice and avoid at all costs.
4	So, yes.  This is a topless club.  However, during the hours that I was in attendance, there was no toplessness in the club.  We came in for lunch at about 1pm not specifically looking for the topless aspect, but really for the food.  It was close, and affordable.So reviewing the food, it is great!  We had the spinach artichoke dip which was served with this warm bread that melts in your mouth!  It was great.  The chips served with it as well were light, cripsy and full of flavor.  It' went well with the dip.I also ordred the fish n chips.  4 very large portions of fish and some fries (chips) on the side - with some coleslaw.  Everything was great.  The fish was warm and flaky, and did not tasty fishy at all - the batter they use holds a lot of flavor as well.Check em out - even if just for the food.
4	Great place during the day and early evening for their food. Later the dancers start and they aren't pushing. Nice place that you could take your GF to
3	Once upon a time, this place rocked.....always packed with people and had a great vibe.  Then, inexplicably, it became a topless strip club....wth?  Where were all the partiers who wanted to sing along with Tommy and his band go?  Who knows.Now, it's no longer a topless strip club, but it's lost the momentum it once had.  Which is too bad because it was a really fun place to go to meet up with friends, have a few drinks, shoot some pool, have some food, and sing along with the band.  Well, not really sing along, but the bands were so much fun (think Jimmy Buffet style) that you couldn't help but sing along with your drunk friends.I recently stopped by the joint to see what it was like now.  I walked into the place and it just didn't feel the same.  It's the same building and not much as changed inside the bar, but it was missing the people that made it fun.  It was replaced with other people, but it just didn't seem right.  I had a Beer and left.Despite losing it's luster and momentum, this place is one of the best places to be during a weekend that Jimmy Buffet is performing in Vegas.  Although Jimmy has opened up a joint at the Flamingo, many Parrot Heads still come here.  Before Margaritaville opened up, this was Parrot Head heaven during those weekends.Will I return?  Only during a Jimmy Buffet concert weekend.
5	I go to Tommy Rocker's to watch college football with LSU.  The crowd is great, the service is great, the food is great - we always have fun there!
3	I honestly didn't spend a whole lot of time in this place, but after snacking on the food trucks outside, we headed inside for a couple of beers. Most of the beers were $2 or $3, which is pretty great. And there was a live band, which was pretty good. The ambiance is that of a typical 24/7 bar - not much to write home about. But overall, it's not a bad spot.
5	Okay get over "it used to have topless dancer late at night" thing. It's back to what makes it the best Off Strip Locals Hangout: Music, cold beer, and good people!
3	I could've sworn this use to be a Topless Bar?!  Before you read my 3 star disclaimer, i just want to say Big Ups to the professional staff and their service.  Most def a five star rating for their friendliness and being so attentive to their customers which is something you don't see in most Dive bars.  So why 3 stars?  The place is lacking, Tommy just wasn't Rockin'!  I could smell Death's stench within these four walls.. no life to the party.  I understand the quiet bars n all.. but it seems as if this place was designed and "named" to Burn the Roof!  and it's not like I came on a slow night.. I dropped in on both friday and saturday nights. If I were to compare, it would be TGIFriday's minus the Friday.. more like TGIWednesday's.  Among the other reviewers, it was said that Tommy's was once a Well of Rock but somehow fell off the charts.  I sure do hope one day a Rabbi, a Priest and a Minister walk into this bar for some Revival.. and even circumcision!
4	Good food, nice atmosphere daily hh 2-7 . Alex the waitress / bartender rocks!Have the shrimp jammers, dip your fries in the Bourbon BBQ sauce, yum.CONS: smoking in the bar yuckHave the shrimp jammers, dip your fries in Bourbon BBQ sauce & have
4	This being my first time here, I came for the food trucks in the parking lot. The bartenders were very efficient and fast. Not personable but it was a very busy night. There was a humane society benefit with a raffle and women in costumes. Bar was pretty packed but it seemed an average local bar. I will return to try the food, I hope it doesn't negatively effect my review as the wings served looked terrible.
3	Horrible breakfast food, Excellent service though, Alex behind the bar early afternoons is the best . Very dark inside, loads of seating,
3	First of all we had an amazing livingsocial voucher, so for value wise our experience was a 5 stars. But for everyone else would we recommend this place? First of all there was only 1 bartender, who told us she was the only one working like 10 times, but she was sweet. I had a Philly Cheese steak and fries and it was excellent and only $9. My girl friends burger was hand made and grilled to perfection and the onion rings were great. My bloody Mary was awful, really, how can you mess one up, but it was bad. As people came in for lunch the bartender became more panicked, again, she was sweet. The management should have an assistant at all times, especially because some people want to eat and not just drink. This location is hard to get to and not very convenient, but it appears to be a place where locals would have a good time at. Would I go back? With a coupon or voucher, he'll yes.
4	I purchased the Groupon for this place when it became available. Despite the good deal, I didn't have high expectations for this place. We came here this evening and decided to share several appetizers and a we each got a drink. The prices were pretty good. We shared buffalo wings, nachos with chicken and some sliders. Our waitress was beyond amazing. I was really impressed by how personable and attentive. She was friendly and always made sure our drinks were filled and had everything we needed. The food was surprisingly good as well. It wasn't gourmet by any stretch of the imagination was it was very tasty and affordable. I look forward to coming here again for some affordable drinks and grub. Their happy hour specials look really good as well and they last until 7 daily.
4	We came here the other day for a meal after work. We were all so surprised by how good this place was. We had wings and nachos. The food was really great and so was the service. I've been wanting to go back for some more beer and pub food all week.
5	I was highly surprised by how good the food was. It does come off as being an oversized dive bar, but I'm cool with that. We went in on a Saturday in between lunch & dinner & we were the only ones eating! I ordered a veggie sandwich which was yummy & my husband's fish tacos were just as good. Our server was extremely friendly & made sure our visit was a great one. If you're looking for an unpacked local friendly bar/restaurant with no wait time & great prices, this should be your stop when in Vegas (we used a groupon & are from Cali) We'll be back again!
4	I was in the Dean Martin location area for business around lunch time so I decided to stop in for a burger. I forget the exact name of the burger I ordered but it was cajun flavored and smothered in peppers. A very good burger I would highly recommend over the usual bar burger.
2	Yikes. Went here about a year ago and had a great time and good food. Boy have things really gone downhill for this place. Went last night to use our nearly expiring groupon deal. The place was pretty dead. We looked around for a spot to sit, and decided to grab a booth. Upon sitting realized the seats were filthy and dirty, as well as the table. We were approached by a waitress (the only one) and she also looked to be tending the bar. She was very short with us and UN-friendly. Never smiled or acted polite, was just cold. We ordered our drinks and my wine glass was dirty with lip marks on it. We ordered the queso dip to start, and the chips were all broken and small, pretty much crumbles (maybe it was from the bottom of the bag). Our entrees were very mediocre at best. My boyfriend said the steak in his burrito was nasty and chewy. I know this place has been around a while, but it needs some major sprucing up and maybe some new management and new employees ( maybe ones that look like they want to serve you, not act like you are a nuisance). They also need to deep clean the place. Its too bad because as recent as a year ago we liked our visit, but things are going south here. They need to make changes asap, or I see it closing down soon.
3	I liked it better when it was a strip club BUT the food is still VERY good.I stopped in to kill time between work and a show. The bartenders were friendly and made suggestions. They do not have a robust beer selection, but there are few interesting things on tap. The food prices are a bit high for what you actually get BUT if you like fried bar food (WHO DOESN'T), you will not be disappointed. This stop was quick. I just got some wings and fries and just one beer and they really took care of my hunger and need for something yummy.The bar area is not too smokey, but that is something to be aware of if that bothers you.Be back soon!!
2	Back in the day when they first opened (15 years ago?) I loved this place. It was a great place to get lunch, or play some pool in the evening.I was never around during the "Strip Club" days.. so I don't know about that.The last time I was in there I was disappointed in how dirty and smelly the place had gotten. The waitress was very nice, and I still like the burgers and the Big Ass BurritoIf they cleaned it up a little it could probably be nice again.
3	The bar is big and all the tables are set up in one general area so that you are facing the giant TV for football.  There is also a stage so I assume they have concerts in there on some nights.  I met up with friends to grab a bite and watch a little football.  It seem to be a Dolphins bar as all 20 people in the bar were decked out in Miami Dolphins gear.  Our server was fine the entire time, but when it came time to get the check, she was nowhere in sight.  After we asked for the check, it took her forever to bring it, and then AGAIN it took forever for her process my card and bring the receipt back. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and only got a cheeseburger, and on a scale of 1-10, it was maybe a 4.5.  Not the best burger I've ever had.  The onion rings however, were spectacular.  Crunchy breading and thick delicious deep fried onions on the inside.  Just perfect.My friends ordered and array of bar snacks, which they seemed to enjoy.  Overall an ok place to go to watch football as it's not very crowded and it's close to where our friends live.
5	if you're a night owl like me, Jim and Brian are the cats meow!! oh, and the food and drinks are pretty great too
5	Bartender Ryan Muir is a snob....a wing snob, that is!  And I thank him for it!  He knows his chicken and sauce!  He also pours a tasty brew!  I'll be back!
5	Tommy Rockers has always been a second home to me and my boyfriend. We still make frequent stops, especially to see Bryan on Graveyard. He always makes sure we have the best service. I recommend the wings, chicken nachos and mozzarella sticks!! Thank you as always Bryan : ) Cheers!!
5	Who would have thought that the best shrimp poboy outside of Louisiana is here but it's true. Not to mention great LSU football watch games with awesome drink specials, Abita beer from Louisiana and some of the best live music free!
5	Awesome spot. Definitely great for groups of friends. Billiards, 20 beers on tap, a rad stage for bands or whatever. A bunch of buddies and I came here after a show and partied it up till the morning. Also, tried one of the best veggie sandwhiches ever, the Mr. Feel Good sandwhich. Like I said, awesome spot. Check it out yall.
1	Ordered the basic nachos with a table of 9. They forgot the order. Everybody else are while they stated the basic nachos without meat took longer. Really?! Not very efficient or responsible. They are definitely not very attentive. We've been the only table at Tommy Rockers early Friday night.
5	This place was great, hidden spot off strip that not too many people know about but definitely worth stopping in for food to get away from the crowds and high prices on the strip  - my 2 visits here were on a recent trip to Las Vegas and it was suggested as a place to go in by a friend who used to be a local hereFirst stop we came in for lunch on a Friday - service was great sat right at the bar and the burgers were awesome - Good selection of beers on tap and in the bottle Second visit was for breakfast - again great service - food came out quick and service was great This place is open 24 hours and can get pretty rockin' on Friday and Saturday nights from what I understand Big bar inside and plenty of TVs all around as well - definitely worth going in this place when you are in town or a local resident
4	Surprisingly, one of the best burgers I've ever had. Completely impressed. On the flip side the nachos were fairly lame. Our waitress, Carrie, was extremely knowledgeable on the menu and very very helpful and selection. The band tonight is Band company. A bad company cover band. Also very good.
4	Just got my shrimp jammers at Tommy Rocker's. They are delicious! Great place for lunch.
