3	Well, let's see. The food prep was about 15 minutes and the place was clean. Also, the Pi co sauce looked fresh but a little salty.  I like the fact that everything was made fresh to order. No Pre-chewed or cooked Meat. Overall, it's was OK.
3	Was meeting with a friend who lives nearby and decided to stop by here for a quick lunch before the meeting.The restaurant is very clean and it looks like it recently opened.  The menu was pretty extensive, so I went for an old standard....the Carne Asada Burrito, which I thought was a bit pricey for $4.99 as I've found some really good places lately much cheaper than that.  While I was waiting for my food, I noticed a small Salsa Bar in the corner.  It was your typical bar with Green & Red Chile Salsa and the pickled vegetables.I didn't have to wait long for my Burrito.  The size of the Burrito was large...they definitely didn't hold back.  After the first bite, the flavor tasted familiar.....it took me a few more bites before I placed it.....it tasted exactly like Roberto's Carne Asada Burrito.  From the the flavor of the meat to the Guacamole Salsa to the Flour Tortilla....it was IDENTICAL!I'm not a huge fan of Roberto's, so I was underwhelmed.Will I return?  Eh...if I'm hungry and in a pinch....but it's not my first preference when I'm looking for a Taco Shop.
3	Agreed with everyone else that the place is clean and still brand new looking (six months after and the 'Now Open' sign is still up) The pickled carrots were pretty good, had a pleasant sour taste with pickling seasonings and a slow creeping heat to it. 2 Sopes one chicken one beef.The beef was pretty tastelessChicken tasted a lot better but wasnt by muchRice was okayRefried beans were good reseasoned so they didnt have a canned taste.Also got a Horchata for 50 cents extra. It was quite watered down.
3	Look!  Up in the sky!  It's a bird!?  It's a plane!? It's...Super Taco?Service was good so I rounded up from 2.5 stars.  Also, Yelp doesn't allow half stars...I had the huevos mexicana. The best part of the meal was not the huevos :-(Basically another average Mexican hole-in-the-wall.
4	The best chile relleno(spl?) in Las Vegas! Their red sauce is soooo good.  It's a bit hot but so good.  Their beans and rice are very good too!  They throw in a free soda with any combo meal making it even better.
4	Surprisingly fresh ingredients and ultra friendly staff make this the place to go for tacos!Considering what you get for your money, its a decent buy.
5	I'm a huge fan of Super Taco.  It's the closest mexican place to my apartment and I'm always here.  So what stands out to me?  Service.  They remember me, they're always so friendly and accommodating.  I am a sucker for carne asada fries, thank god I'm naturally slim, because I get them... often.  A full portion is way too much for me but they will always let me order a half order.  Does Robertos?  No, they won't.  But Super Taco does!This place is always clean, extremely swift with getting the food out, and like I said before, service is exceptional.
4	I found Super Taco just down the street from my house. They have a really nice menu, super affordable ($5.50 for a whole huge meal?) And, it's delicious. They are very nice, polite, and quick service.
4	Make sure that you look better in person than in your ID. I apparently look better in person, so I got a free drink. +1 star for quality princess service. Besides that, the food is actually delicious. It's filling, but you don't feel like your insides are going to burst and that you're going to die of a painful death after. The prices were cheap and the place didn't smell like most Mexican places. It was actually clean and I wasn't scared to put my hand on the table in fear that it will get stuck.
5	So good I came back an hour later for seconds. haha, seriously tho. I BACK THIS PLACE. check it out if you're ever in the North LV area
5	Great service , phenomenal food. A must try. The Carne asada, and carnitas are some of the best I've had.....ever.
4	Tried this place for the first time tonight.  Food was excellent and a good value for the price.  Portion size is large and the food tastes fresh.  The tortillas were fantastic.Only bit of confusion is with the menu.  Ended up spending extra money on a beverage because I didn't realize that combo plates come with a fountain drink.  Didn't see this indicated on the menu anywhere.
4	Super Taco Yah Yah Yah, Tico Taco Yah Yah Yah (from the animated movie Rio, performed by Blu)That's the first thing that popped into my head when I saw the sign just because it's such a catchy little tune.  So, it's a small joint just like any other taco place.  It's clean, cheap, and friendly.  The condiment bar is like any bar you would find at a Roberto's tacos, except there red sauce is better at this place.Food ordered:Bean and cheese burritos at 2.50 a piece and they were HUGE.Fish burrito at 4 something.  Mmn, so good and the best fried style fish I've had yet at a taco chain.Pork Torta good.Carne Asade burrito (huge), I guess it was good since my hubby devoured it before I could finish half of my torta.Churros with ice cream.  The kids loved it.Everything was good.  If we're down that way again I'm certain we'll pop in.
4	The Yelpers were right. This place is good. I got the chicken chimichanga and it was very good. The salsa is the kind you get in Mexico, not the pico de gallo we eat in the US. The prices rarely go over $7 for a large plate of food. Really nothing to complain about. Definitely recommend it. Although it's not a real nice sit-down restaurant. Probably the kind of place you order and leave, or you eat in like 15 minutes and go.
4	Excellent fast mexican food, and the staff is super friendly. The Super Burrito is the equivalent of the Carne Asada plate wrapped in a tortilla. My wife ordered the Machaca plate; it was tasty and she was unable to eat it all..as for decor,  it's basic but very clean.  We will definitely eat here again.
5	Great food, great service. If you want authentic Mexican food at reasonable prices, this is a great place! Try the carne asada alone, in their carne asada nachos, or if you're really feeling daring, their carne asada fries! Yum!
