5	WHO DOESNT LOVE CHEAP GAS?Costco gas will always be lower than your average gas station. There is always an attendant walking around if you have any questions. Hours are decent. The only negatives I can think of is that the forms of payment they take are either debit or American Express and their locaitons are not all that abundant.Other than that, I am awlays gassing up whenever my gas gauge is 1/4 or less whenever a Costco Gas is nearby.
5	Usually the cheapest gas around. Pair that with an American Express Costco rewards card and you get 3% back on gas purchases here. Just try to avoid going on weekends as the line gets pretty long.
5	great cheap gas station!! I'm always putting in gas for my road trips downtown! :) they even have cones that separate lines so that cars don't get into crazy turning accidents after gassing up! It's so useful for Costcos to have all these things in one place! I don't put gas anywhere else :)
5	Can't beat the gas deals! Membership truly has its privileges! Ilk absolutely drive the extra couple miles to save this much on each gallon!
5	Gotta love Costco. Aside from buying everything you need in bulk and stocking up on things, the Costco Gas prices are amazing. Driving a car that requires premium gas, I'm used to higher prices than the normal person who puts in regular fuel. Sure the lines may get backed up and you may have to wait. But for someone like me, I have no problem waiting or driving to this location to save at least $.20 a gallon. And just heads up to anyone who visits this location. Enter on Rome Street. Helps you avoid any of the hectic crowds and fighting for parking spots in this shopping center if you are just stopping by for gas. I think the savings from gas alone are more than enough to justify paying for the membership. And I've been going to Costco for awhile and have the Executive member card which is more for membership than the regular memberships.
5	Always great prices and the staff is helpful and keeps things clean.Would be nice to have a way to clean your windows.  Realize they want to move folks through but no way to clean windows is a bummer,
5	One of the better Costco gas stations I've been to and unless you're coming on the weekend, there is usually little to no line. Even when there is a line, it seems to go much faster than other Costco stations that I've seen and I'm never waiting more than 5-7 minutes. They have regular (87 octane) and premium (91 octane) at some of the cheapest prices you'll see in Vegas, especially on the premium stuff. I used to drive down here to fill up when I had a vehicle that took premium only because the pricing is typically what you'd see for the mid-grade stuff anywhere else. That's a big difference!
