5	I can't believe no one has reviewed this fabulous store.  Fry's are not only are the largest electronic stores in their neighborhood, but they also have unique decor.  This being Las Vegas, the outside looks like a giant slot machine complete with rolls of quarters serving as car barricades.Inside it is even bigger.  We shop there at least once a month or more.  They have portable hard drives, computer desks, both PCs (even parts for build them yourself) and Macs, CAT-5 and CAT-6 and HDMI cables, printers, paper, magazines, DVDs, games, more flat panel televisions than you will ever see in one place at one time, telephones, cell phones, washing machines, and refrigerators.  Even a snack bar.And in case you forgot something, there is a huge selection of geek snacks just before the check out lines.
4	Deep down, buried in my little heart somewhere, is a deep abiding love for all things electronic and nerdy.  Despite my artistic side, I somehow landed a job maintaining a robot - a demanding, fickle little robot who is constantly needing something or other to keep it in running order.  Despite the fact that it's a little bit of a hike from my office, I usually end up at Fry's.Reason #1 and I ain't gonna lie:  I go there and get lunch.  I make it into a complete trek.  I mean, there's a freakin' snack bar there and they make a pretty mean turkey and avocado on sourdough if you hear what I'm sayin'.Beyond that, their selection is extensive and well-stocked.  The layout is pretty intuitive, so despite the size it's easy to navigate.  The service, however, can be iffy at best and pretty deplorable at worst.  I helped my mother purchase over $10,000 worth of products for her home entertainment system and their help in delivery/set-up was horrible.  I was buying a Mini DV cam and the sales associate was surly and completely uninterested in selling me anything, answering my questions as curtly as possible.  Lastly, the way they herd you through checkout seems efficient, but I'd rather not feel like cattle, thank you very much.Despite that, the fact that the selection is so vast keeps this place as the best place in town to go for electronics.  You'll find what you're looking for, period.
3	The location is horrid.  It's hard to get in AND out for that matter.  The store is big.  They also do have really good prices on certain days, and you can find deals on the newspapers which is why I give it a descent rating.  Why don't I give a higher rating?  Well most of the employees really don't know what they're talking about.  I have a few friends who are technologically handicap (in other words, they don't know crap about technology), but they were able to work at any department in there.  They do a great job at pretending though.  Don't get me wrong, some do know what they're talking about, but not all.  Customer service isn't great either.  The last time I went, I wasn't able to use my credit card because Credit Card machines were down which happens a lot.  It's a descent place to go.  Tips:  Try to know what you're going to buy before you go such as asking a friend.  Good thing I know about most technological gadgets there and computers.  If you do decide you need customer service from something like fixing a computer part that you bought there, just hope for the best.  Everyone gets lucky.
2	Sometimes your fries are always at Best Buy.Fry's has a vast selection of electronics items -- and the Las Vegas store is no exception.  However, the customer service from their sales staff is terrible.I recently visited the local Fry's to buy a laptop PC.  Adam M., the sales rep on the floor, was very rude and curt to the point where he left a bad taste in my mouth.  Being that I have over 2 decades of technology experience, I took offense when he condescendingly asked why I needed Wireless-N for a laptop.  The only thing that saved me from walking out and going elsewhere was running into another associate who was very polite and willing to assist me (for Fry's, this is a rarity).Secondly,  Fry's isn't for your typical tech novice who shops at Circuit City or Best Buy (which run circles around Fry's when it comes to providing good customer service).  The prices are worth the drive, but you have to do your homework first before you buy.  Steer clear of the returned items (which are uniquely labeled), don't settle for less, and NEVER take crap from a snotty salesperson.  Those postage paid form letters to Randy Fry at the checkout counter are there for a reason, as well as the manager stations that are prominently adorned with photos of the floor manager on duty.  Don't be afraid to use them when necessary.One more thing:   With all the security cameras, loss prevention personnel, and item-by-item checkout, the bag check at the exit doors isn't necessary.  Only a moron would think of shoplifting from Fry's, but I digress.
5	Fry's is very easy to reach from all areas of the Vegas Valley - (215 & I15) Leaving Fry's is more than difficult, but it has become much easier now the New Large Shopping area opened to the north with more road access.If it is Electrical it might be on the shelf, or the parts and tools for it are on the shelf...  Books and Magazines from  Fashion to Electronic and software are always in stock.Along with a coffee shop located in the center of the store, but tis strange the coffee shop does not offer WiFI service, or a sports channel broadcast TV...Fry's has a 8 page advertisement in the Review Journal on Friday that is worth the 20 or 40 times the cost of the newspaper.  However, recently this large advertisement has changed, placing less emphases on Computer component pricing - Something that has me alarmed...If Best Buy, Circuit City, Office Depot, and Office Max would price Computers, printers and carry some computer parts priced aggressively similar to Fry's then they would be busier, with lots of floor traffic dollar spending customers...
1	This Fry's quite frankly, has some of the RUDEST service I've ever seen in my life.Things that are wrong with this location: 1) Being interrogated and having bags ripped from your hands while you're walking from the register to the door. Hello!?! There's nowhere to go but the exit from the registers, and ripping things out of my hands is a good way to get your arm broken... Once I've paid for something, it belongs to me, and as a paying customer I refuse to be treated like a criminal and have my belongings searched upon exit of a store.2) Constant problems with their debit/credit machines. Takes forever to get a manager to 'authorize' them to serve you at another register so you can pay.3) Extremely rude service from the staff in the computer components section. When you want some assistance, there's no one to be found anywhere, and you're ignored when you go up to their podium. When you DON'T want assistance, they're glued to you like a fly on shit. Ridiculous.I've had to file complaints on numerous occasions with their corporate as well as their store director regarding these three major issues. Unfortunately there aren't any other stores in the area with a decent selection of computer parts, so there isn't really anywhere else to take my business when I need something NOW. If I have a couple days to wait, I'll go to newegg.com.... MUCH MUCH MUCH better service. So yeah, until they get rid of the idiots running this place and start showing their customers some respect, I won't be returning here unless I urgently need a computer part for something and can't wait.
2	Five star on selection, two stars on their people. And not all of their folks, just the ones you interact with during the checkout and the door. Try walking out without showing your receipt. You will be called names. I just paid for the items, they are now mine, I don't want to wait in another line while someone checks bags, if they want to do that, have someone watching over them at the checkout.It makes me want to steal a big screen television from them. :D
4	This Fry's is cool!  The reason why I'm not too fond of Fry's in general is that parking is impossible (but not so here), the customer service line is a gazillion miles long (only saw a few people in line here), and the check-out line is atrocious (only 2 people ahead of me here).  Maybe I went at an off time, but Sunday afternoon at any of the other Fry's locations I've been to in Southern Cali is always a Pull-Your-Hair-Out experience.  I wanted to pick up Cooking Mama for the Wii for my cousin, and it was easy as pie.  I was back at her pad in front of the flatscreen, Wii controler in hand and making an ass of myself in no time flat.  =P  Plus, the front of the store looks like a giant slot machine!
2	This place is just too big.  Kinda like a walmart of electronics.  I've been to the one in San Diego and now here in Vegas and there's really no difference.  For some reason I always end up here when I need something like a wireless router.  There's about 200 different varieties but none that you want.  The inventory is just scattered about with no rhyme or reason to the organization.  Get ahold of one of the teenage salespeople for help and they can't really explain anything.  They just tell you the most expensive one is the one you need.  They do sell some Apple products but no one seems to know anything about them.  There's a snack/coffee area in the middle of the store so that's cool.  Fry's isn't terrible, but I prefer Best Buy, Circuit City or the Apple Store for my electronic needs.
2	When Fry's first opened, I was impressed.  But that was so short lived.  I noticed they have a Ginormous store, and a lot to look at but everytime you want to make a purchase, they are out of everything and nobody in the store can tell you when it's coming in.  That has happened to me several times with different items I've wanted and finally I decided that these people totally annoy me.  I've waited 2 months for an item to come in and every week they tell me to call them and see if the truck has that merchandise.  And every week they gave me the same story.  Nope the truck didn't have that merchandise.  Ok so you're an electronics store, and you have access to computers, and you have no clue as to what merchandise is coming or you can't give your customers any idea as to which year you will be receiving the merchandise that you are supposedly selling in your store. Their customer service is terrible.  The only effort the employees will make is to breath, and that's about it.  Well, there's other electronics stores who come through for me. If you don't need my money, I don't need your headache.   No more Fry's for me.
4	I get that gambling is something to do in Vegas, but does it have to be everywhere?  I mean even the grocery stores have sectioned spaces specifically for slot machines.Now, I do like to play a game of chance every once in awhile, but I also need a safe bet.Fry's happens to be one of those safe bets.The first thing you see upon entering is this hokey slot machine facade but don't let that deter you.  There are some good buys to be found inside.  And in their defense, at least it makes a little more sense than the cowboy theme at their Palo Alto location.I usually find a couple DVD's or games for the DS.And at the very least, I get to practice a little Guitar Hero or whatever game they have on display.So for goodness sake, if you've forgotten your phone charger or if you ear buds are busted, please make a trip out here instead of wasting your money elsewhere.And with the money you save, you'll have a little extra to play with when you go back to the tables.
4	I set up the Mac section of this particular Fry's store for Apple about 6 years ago, and was impressed by the look and feel of this store compared to some of the (older) Bay Area stores.  I stopped by while I was in Vegas for pleasure about a week ago and they've kept it up nicely.  I was helped within a few minutes of getting to the Mac section, and they have a wide variety of Apple products and accessories and good signage.  A clean, well-lighted place for Macs!  Once you step under the archway sporting the Apple logo, you feel like you're in good hands.  Congrats!
4	Heres the thing. Fry's salesman are commisioned. Sure some are pushy but if you talk to the right ones, they can be very helpful and knowledgeable. I much prefer a commisioned salesman because that encourages them to be more knowledged on their products they sell. Take Bestbuy employees and they are just hourly associates that dont really care. Why, Cause they get paid the same whether they sell you something or they just hang out and talk to their friends. So trust me, Commisioned salesman have to know more, cause their paychecks depend on it. If they lied to you about the product just to make a sale, than the customer will most likely return the product. And when that happens the commision get taken back as well. So find the right salesman and you won't go wrong. Plus they have a gynormous selection of products. I choose this place over best buy anyday. ANd I would take their word over a Best Buys employees words any day too.
3	Fry's rocks...Always has what I need at a decent price.  Was in town for business meetings, visited Fry's multiple times for surge suppressors, an ink jet printer, white board, dry erase markers, post its, scissors, label makers, blank cd's, network cables, staplers, cisco switches, you name it, they have it.Fast, quick, easy and convenient...
5	This is the greatest store ever opened in the history of mankind. I work nearby and spend many of my lunch hours wandering the isles looking at all the new technology. My work requires I wear an ID badge, and many people mistake me for a Fry's employee. I have gladly helped many customers select a DVD burner or a web-cam.
3	The salespeople here mostly ignore me, so I haven't had the problems others have with the sales monkey on their backs.  I guess they're just selective of the people they press to assist.  Their average age is probably around 18, as well, so that helps.Just two days ago I was in their video card (pc components) section looking for help and a sales person made eye contact with me, then walked in another direction.  I followed him over to a group of 4 other service people all of whom just looked at me blankly until one of them said, "Gentlemen?  *awkward pause*.....  Okay, I'll take him.  How can I help you, sir?"  RAD!!!Prices are actually reasonable.  Still, it's strange that a better selection in computer hardware/componentry can be found online considering the size of this place - It's massive.Parking is plentiful - huge lot.  Unfortunately, the ginormous lot empties into one two lane (in|out) road leading to Las Vegas Blvd.  This road also takes Town Square traffic headed for the fwy which borders Fry's on the S/SW.  If you go while there's traffic, bring a book.
4	I've been saving my review for Fry's for my next visit, which I was able to accomplish today.  I've been going to Fry's since they opened and have always had success buying the items I pursued.  The service at Fry's is definitely the weakest point of the store.  As far as pricing, and selection they are second to none.  It just seems that the sales people who care enough to acknowledge you presence are new, and have below average knowledge of the store and products in it.  Alas, I do shop there when I cannot find a better deal online.
3	3 stars for low prices but by far the worst customer service in Las Vegas!!!! I have never been asked if I need any help. If I ask an associate a question I feel as though I have inconvenienced them!
4	This is the best electronics store in the entire Vegas Valley - I just wish it wasn't such a pain to get into and our of.Fry's is a lesser-known chain of electronics stores than places like Ultimate or Best Buy. And this is a shame, since they are easily the best store of their kind. The selection of stuff in Fry's is MASSIVE. Their product selection dwarfs even that of Best Buy. Plus, in addition to the standard electronics fare (and they have that in spades!), they even have a cafe inside and some unexpected stuff - even a small toy section!I haven't dealt with the staff too much, so I can't say for sure how helpful they are or not. Still, every time I have asked a question they have always answered promptly and correctly.The place is huge, and sometimes it can be difficult to find your way around. A map up front of the different departments would not have been a bad idea. The ONLY reason I demoted this place down to a 4-star is because it is a royal pain to get into and out of here. It is adjacent to Town Square, which is a zoo in its own right. Plus the parking lot, and the enter/exit areas always get jammed with vehicles.This is the best facility of its kind, I just wish it wasn't such a pain to get to and from it. Despite these difficulties, it is still easy to recommend the place.
5	If I could give this place 6 stars I would!  This place is incredible.  I actually don't make electronics purchases in CA anymore I wait until we are going to Vegas.  The store is clean and bright and they carry EVERYTHING!  Their staff is the most knowlegable and friendly of any store I have ever been to. This is probably my husband's favorite store on the face of the planet!  Love this place...seriously A++++ stuff here!
3	Okay, I have to say that this is one of the best electronic/computer store chains out there. It's like a CostCo for techno-geeks! Okay, that's giving them too much... but it's definitely got a great selection of brands and they have the most inventory as far as I am concerned. I do have many "areas for improvement" though. For one, the Frys Electronics website tends to have very different sale prices & advertisements as opposed to the actual store advertisements which is really inconvenient! --Example: I find a great deal on the website for a motherboard and processor bundle, and the item says nothing about it being available "online only" or being out of stock, so I get to Fry's and... the bundled item I want is not there, nor is it even available seperately!Another thing, now, I'm not sure about the other locations, but the one here in Vegas sure employs a lot of asian people, FILIPINOS to be exact. I am definitely not racist or anything close to it, I am actually mostly Filipino myself, but there just seems to be something odd about it. The store is huge and more than 50% of the floor staff is Filipino, and young. (I guess they feel like everyday is a black&white party, hahaha!)Whatever.Moving along, I'm pretty sure some of the staff, especially those in car audio, computer sales, and home video/audio, are working on commission so they try much harder than the rest to offer help & customer service. These people either:1. know their sh!t or2. know how to bullsh!t.It's just a matter of you, as the customer, doing your own personal research and matching it up to what the sales associate is telling you... and you must have some sort of idea of what you want.Then, there's the bunch of girls that stand around in the digital camera department talking to each other who don't know sh!t about the products when asked... and then there's the others that just pass you to "someone in that department"... great, right?The warranties for your purchases aren't the best (Best Buy actually has one of the better warranty options available, IMO)Another thing that let me down at Fry's is that they don't sell anything Nikon...whyyyy not? Sadness, considering I own a D60 --sigh--Now, despite my MANY pet peeves about this place, I still like Fry's, especially when there's a good sale and I know exactly what I want/need... Fry's gets a solid 3 stars from me.
2	The service is HORRIBLE! The employees just looks like a bunch of High School drop outs. Yeah this place has a lot more selections then best buy, but if you are planning on going here, do as much research as you can on anything you plan to buy here. Do not trust the employees most of them don't know what they are talking about, they would pretend they know what they're talking about, judging you thinking that you probably have no idea what it is so they throw in fake facts. They were talking to the wrong person when they did that to me and my finance. They were trying to convince me a certain brand name laptop that I never heard of was better then Sony. I question them more and more to find out they have no idea what they are talking about. Yesterday, black Friday I purchased a sony vaio laptop. Last month when I went to Fry's to look at there HP laptops, I noticed that when I came back yesterday they raised up the price $100 more. Interesting. I have photos up about some of there prices on laptops that I took on the month of Oct. So after I purchased my laptop at 2pm I went to the galleria to do a little christmas shopping and then went home to check out the laptop. I live all the way in the North East side of Vegas by the way. Turned it on, noticed there was a little juice in the battery. For some reason it kept saying "recovering", it also said that it was gonna restart several times. When I saw it say that it is saving data and recovering, my first thought was "What data????" I realized THEY SOLD ME A USED/REFURBISHED LAPTOP WHEN I PAYED FOR A BRAND NEW ONE. Oh I was furious, My fiance and I jet back to frys two hours later and they told us to do a diagnosis test. This guy name Gabriel M what a dick. He was so rude and it was like he made it our fault saying we didn't complete the installation. I said the laptop said saving data, what data is there to save if its a brand new laptop, it also kept saying recovering and it restarted so many times. He had the audacity to walk away, write up some papers and told us to wait in the customer service line. It seemed like THEY HAD HIGH RATINGS OF CUSTOMERS COMING BACK FOR RETURNS/EXCHANGES. When I was waiting in line a customer next to me was getting mad at one of the employees because they sold him a wrong flat screen t.v. The box had the correct description, but he said when he opened the box it was a whole different t.v. That's insane!! Well anyways I got it even exchange, no extra charges. Made a complaint to the manager about the service. When I went home and turned it on right away, it was all good. The way it should be. Oh another advice. You should open your purchase on the spot.
4	Ah Fry's Electronics. Alternatingly a house of horrors and happiness. There are occasional good deals, solid products, and even once in a while some worthwhile salespeople. But if you don't know what you're doing, it's just a giant shitty warehouse of over-priced electronics and uninformed, uncaring salespeople. So how can I, in good conscience, award 4 stars? Because I know how to extract what I need from Fry's without losing my mind in the exchange. See, they carry a lot of stuff here that you can't really buy at other local brick & mortars. Computer components, electronics supplies, hell..they even have the largest CB radio selection in town.  And yes, their prices are often high. BUT NOT ALWAYS! Sometimes even their regular price is comparable to online, and there's usually a couple of items on sale every week cheaper than Newegg/Amazon/the 'tubes. Granted, you still need to know what you're after, because the salespeople are not generally trust-worthy, but I can't think of another big box store that's any different in that respect. There are some other shitty parts about Fry's....the crowds, the parking lot, getting in & out on Las Vegas Blvd, etc. But again, most of these can be mitigated, and aren't unique to the establishment. Going in there blindly, you're just going to get aggravated. The crowds alone are sometimes enough to drive me to the brink of violence. Their policies are often downright nonsensical. Yet sometimes I go a few times a week...because I know how to game it.I'm not sure who I'm writing this review for. People who need Fry's for what they offer already know all about it, and a layman is going to go here no mater what I say. Regardless, that's the scoop on Fry's;  a specialized weapon that can be more harmful than helpful if you don't know how to wield it. PRO-TIP: Lots of returned merchandise ends up going right back up on the shelf. Sometimes re-shrink-wrapped, and usually, but not always labelled. So inspect the packaging of anything you buy before you leave.
3	Now considering I am a bit technically challenged, I must say this is still a fun store. There is so much to look at. There are a ton of products to look at ranging from computer parts to books. Know what you are looking for. The staff seemed pretty knowledgeable when I visited once. But the next few times I visited, they did not not very much about their products or even their location in the store. They do have a lot of cashiers and never had to wait long to buy more stuff. Tons of gadgets, but no help.  ^_^*~
5	Wooooo! Fry's is awesome. There are no Fry's back in Massachusetts, where i'm from. This store is mighty large. Huge selection. I have been twice since moved out here. First time I bought a Garmin nav. Good price. Only a few bucks more than amazon.com. Product works as needed around LA, NYC, and Las Vegas. Second visit earlier today I picked up 2 new LCD TV's for my apartment. Happy Hanukkah to me. Price was cheaper than any online retailers including amazon.com. Sales clerk did not mention accessories once and I asked briefly about mounting brackets. He did try sell me the service plan on one of the TV's for 2 years. It's ok. I wanted it because one of the TV's will be on a lot.I wheeled them upfront and my main man Adrian was there to help load them in my car! No clue how we got the larger one in the back seat but we did. It was more work later on in the day to take it out.Haven't plugged the TV's in yet to see if they work but I assume they do. Fry's is just as good if not a little better than Best Buy. Check em out.
5	da number #1 fry's store on da west coast and da largest.da best electronics store in southern nevada.they git a coffee/soda/sandwich shop inside.yu can shop & build yo own computer item by item in dat store.buy movies, music, software, books, magazines, gifts fo da family.dat store "rocks" an take all day fo walk around too.yu can spend several hours in dat place an not realize it!
5	I Geek-Out every time I come to this place.....and the wallet gets a lot lighter too!  Here's why:- The place is HUGE!  Imagine a place the size of a Costco, Sam's Club, or Super Walmart but full of electronics, computers, appliances, and video games!- Great selection of everything.  They have 10-20 different types of everything you can imagine.  This is the only place I can spend 10-15 minutes deciding what type of blank DVD to purchase, LOL.- Hard to find stuff.  This is where the Geekness comes out in me.  One day I bought 6 surveillance cameras, a digital recorder, and tons of cables just so I could outfit my house in a security surveillance system....did I need one?  No......but it looked like fun to setup so I spent the cash to do it.- Electronic accessories.....wired or wireless anything can be found here, name brand/off brand, Mac or PC...you name it, if you can't find the accessory here, chances are no other store in Vegas will have it.- Great deals.  Check the Sunday paper.....there's always an insert with a page full of smoking deals......I'm not allowed to see this page.....The Better Half hides it from me.  Why?  Because it tends to bring out the compulsive shopper in me, ha ha!I really enjoy shopping here, can you tell?Will I return?  Are you kidding me?!
4	Fry's competes well on two fronts: price and selection.  If you know what you want and why you want it this is a great place to go to buy it.  Even if you don't you can take a chance and hope that you find someone who has a clue what they are talking about.  I'd say one in three employees is helpful.The Fry's in Las Vegas is much the same as any Fry's but the decor is not quite as interesting as most of the locations in other cities.  It is one of the larger ones and has a cafe.I do however like to come here when I need something fast and I don;t want to pay an arm and a leg for it.  The product selection ranges from low to high end and for the most part I think is better quality and price than best buy.
5	I probably have to say, this is like a dream world for me.  This is probably one of my favorite Electronic stores to be in.  Fry's Electronics, basically has it all, wall to wall electronics, name it, they probably have it.  Knowing that I had to go to this store for an External Hard Drive at a decent price, is all I need for this trip.  Just stepping inside Fry's Electronic, I feel like a kid in a candy store.  My head is bobbling all over the place, and just pointing at things, that I have no clue what they are, and smile at it.  Of course in the back in my mind, I'm saying "I want this, I want that, hmmm where can I use this."  But my main focus was External Hard Drive and get out.  I was able to find the Hard Drive section but had issues finding External Hard Drive, since its wall to wall Hard Drives, that just makes it kind of hard to find which one I really need.  But I was relieved when I was approached by a sales rep who showed me where the External Hard Drive was and showed me one that was on Sale.  Of course I was sold, and satisfied with the product.  I was so ready to get to the check out, till my wife wanted to find some hair straightener on the other side of Fry's.  Of course I didn't mind at all, going to find a straightener, but we never really got a straightener that she wanted.  But we ended up doing more window shopping.  Found a lot of massagers, excellent cookware, deep fryer machines, hot dog machines, I was even drooling over the cotton candy machine.  The more I stayed in the store, the more I want to look around, so I did.  I'm also into the whole computer animation, where I notice that they had programs that I really wanted to get.  I know some software's may not be sold in store, but the fact that they had a lot of Adobe software and other software's that might be helpful, just made me drool even more.  But what really got me, was the fact that I saw this computer tower which wasn't like any other computer tower and wondering if they had that tower itself on sale.  So I decided to browse around the computer section, even though I was there at the beginning to start with.  Just decided to take a loop back into the computer section and see what they had.  Cause someday I wanted to build my own tower, with the components that I really want to get.  But I notice my wife was getting tired of walking around and sitting in the chairs they had out on display.  Which was basically a sign for us to get out of here, otherwise I'll probably drool over everything and don't know when we'll leave.  I guess that whole aspect of " get External Hard Drive and get out" didn't really go as planned.  Now, all that for an External Hard Drive.  That should tell you, that Fry's is an amazing place, especially if your into the whole electronic world.  For me, this has to be the best place to buy my components for a new computer when that time comes.  It has everything I need, and maybe have something for the wife too.  Over all, the best wall to wall Electronic store out there.  Very well recommended.
1	I am all about the experience from start to finish and Fry's failed every step of the way. Upon entering I was lost and had a hard time finding the department I needed because the signage was so small. Plus there were hundreds of people you would think they were giving electronics away- NOT. I did not find their prices competitive on one thing at all! Also the staff seemed cold, bored and uneducated on what they are selling. When my guest and I asked questions the response we received was,"Awwwww...." every time. My friend was making a large purchase and he wanted to be confident in making the right decision and the salesmen here didn't succeed in helping us one bit. On top of it all I kept getting sidetracked by the aroma of Everything Bagels from the cafe in their store. Fry's really needs to work on motivating, and training their staff and also the prices and smelliness of the deli. We were interested in a $2,000 Plasma and I left wanting the $1 bagel....... Ponder that one Fry's.
2	Two stars for their ability to keep a well stock of hot items such as motherboards, ram, CPUs, etc. Every time I go into Fry's it is like pulling teeth to find customer service. I wanted to build my first computer and no one seemed to assist me with my questions--except for TWO people--I will update with their names soon. Anyway, other than that check Newegg first but Fry's is a convenient way to go. I bought my case, CPU fan, and... Well that's about it for the big stuff. The rest was bought at the awesome NEWEGG.COM. Thanks Newegg, I built a better computer for cheaper!!!
3	They used to have crazy sales...not anymore...if you need it, they have it
4	I have a father that knows everything about electronics. He's made his own 'high fi' back in the day and now puts together computers to give to his kids and grand kids. He told us about Fry's and we didn't have any idea what he was talking about, we had only seen the usual stores for electronic gear like radio shack. But then, we learned Fry's was coming to town, and well we had to see what all the hype was about. We went during the grand opening a few years back, but didn't really appreciate it for what it was. We attempted to buy a gift card for my father for father's day, but back then they didn't have the cards like they have now, instead we were given a sheet of paper that we stuffed in an envelope and sent to him. Since then, we have grown to appreciate this store for what it is, a great place to purchase electronics at good prices, (check out the ad in Fridays paper each week for their specials). It's also a great do it yourself kinda of place. We had been given one of my dad's computers in 2002, and well one day last fall it just went up in smoked and we were forced to rely on our lap top. My husband thought if my old man could put together a computer, perhaps he could too. So he bought a book and began to study the matter. One day we walked into Fry's to take a look around and it was the first day for the newest release of computer chips and before we knew it we had purchased a new computer at a bargain price and once we added the monitor, had what we now refer to as our perfect system. It wasn't something that we expected to find that day, but the price was just right and didn't make sense for us to start from scratch at least with the price we paid for this system. I think my husband still has a bug to put one together and have no doubt that he will, but at least it's good to know that there is a place like Fry's to find what we need. And we'll be back for sure.
3	The only reason why this place get's 3 stars is because this is the only place in Vegas that sells Computer Components and all other Electronics components. The staff here are uneducated SALES-people who have a commission sales mentality so the faster they have your sale, the quicker they want you out. I've been here a lot and there's only been one person who was nice to me and that was the girl at the return center.
4	This place is huge. Staff was friendly also
2	What is it with Fry's as a chain that their customer service consistently sucks?  Its part of the corporate culture!PositivesHuge selectionNegativesFour different employees sent us to different places in the store and gave conflicting information, we finally found what we were looking for ourselves.Listen, Vegas Fry's thought that if they spruce up the place with granite, fancy lights and the employees all wearing suites that it would make up for the fact that their service sucks.  They were very wrong.  The only thing that keeps me from giving them one star is the crazy decorations at the front and the large selection.
1	Had an awful experience at Fry's today. Stopped by to pick up a USB CD-ROM drive and a video capture device, and I noticed they now price matched online retailers. Used the Google Shopper app to find a better price for both, and went to customer "service" to price match.The first guy that "helped" me had a hard time finding the first item, so after 10 minutes at another station, I walked over to help him find the item by (duh) searching for the item number rather than the description. Came right up.Then his manager needed to create an account on the site, which was very difficult for this senior staff member as they ask you tough questions like your phone number and email address! I saw him click through and fail like 7x so I asked him what it wasn't taking. He didn't know. I pointed out the RED BOLD ERROR at the top of the page that explained the problem, and lo and behold, that fixed it.Only after waiting for 20 minutes did I find out that if they charged shipping that Fry's would only match to the total price. $15 shipping on that site killed the price match.We moved on to the next item which I now pulled up to ensure their shipping charge was low enough to qualify. Unfortunately it was, so I'd be saving like $4 if I could make this price match go a little quicker. I walked the staff through as much as I could, but it was still taking awhile. I was running late now so I hinted that I'd have to leave soon.FINALLY I was brought over to a cashier with the new price quote, and it came up as "pending." The guy went back to his manager to fix it, so I asked the cashier staff where the store manager is.  They pointed at the guy that was "helping" me that couldn't figure out how to create an account.  Great.A few minutes later the guy came back over and said the price quote should be working now.  The cashier punched in some numbers and said, "Nope, still pending."  This is the point that I finally gave up and walked out of the store.So, in summary, I spent almost an hour in the store... 15 minutes choosing my products and 45 minutes to try to price match to save a few dollars, and ultimately walking out empty-handed.  At least 4 different employees "helped" me, including the store manager.  Yet somehow the end result was that my time was wasted, not to mention the employees time.  Surely this can't be how the owners of the Fry's corporation want their stores to operate, can it?
3	This place is a gigantic mashup of good and horrible. The service ranges from friendly and adequate to offensive sometimes, but the gargantuan selection of products makes up for it somewhat. Definitely a consumer's paradise. Just make sure to do plenty of research on your own before going there.I also super enjoy the little cafe they have there. The chili and rice dish is crazy tasty.
3	I have not been a fan of Fry's in the past because I never found anyone who knew something about anything.  Questions were simply unanswered if you managed to flag down a floor person.I stopped in yesterday to waste some time and to look for another iPhone charger for the car.  Since my last visit a few years ago, it seems like they have done some training.  There were several sales staff around and I was even asked by one if they could help me.I bought my charger and some CD paper covers I needed to get.  A few extra points always for their checkout.  The wait is generally short with many positions open at once and a staff member to send you to the open positions.
2	I needed to exchange a telescope that I got for my birthday. Since I wasn't the one who bought it, I had no idea what side of the store they were on. Four employees walked right past me, none of them even acknowledging me. I finally caught the attention of a female employee who directed me in the completely opposite side of the store from where the telescopes were. I ended up finding them on my own and of course not one employee assisted me with my purchase (I upgraded to a better telescope... shhhh, don't tell).Everyone in this store needs a lesson in customer service first-off and secondly, they need to take a field trip around the store to familarize themselves with products they offer. I doubt I'll be back. Just driving to this place is frustrating enough. :)
5	How can you not give this place a 5? This place is about the size of a Walmart and filled with electronics. There is a section for components to build that electronic project, every computer part to build a PC, DVD (incl adult titles) store, music store, video games, car and home audio/video. I'm in heaven! Instead of giving a review on every store, my review encompasses the many stores I have visited. What is really cool, is that every store has a different theme.
5	I was astonished by their salespersons.  Not only they address your needs immediately, they were all well informed about their products, courteous, extended their service.  There was one who was not as sharp but he/she found someone who can help me.  Yup, they match internet price after I search the internet on my android while in the store.
1	I have never been in a Fry's Electronics before, only places like Best Buy and so on.  Being as this was my first time, I was surprised with how large the store was.  They sold a case of 24 Rock Stars for $30.  This was the only good thing about this store.Upon looking for what we came there for, we passed about 5 associates, none of whom asked if we needed help with anything.  We walked to the back of the store and found what we were looking for.  Attachable head cameras.  They only had 2.  The HD one was $200 and the generic one was $89.99.  This price was not including the MircoSD Card.  While my friend was looking at the $200 one (they had to get it out of the case), the sales associate stood 2 feet away from us staring at us the whole time.  In this aisle, there were approximately 10 associates standing around, leaning on shopping baskets, talking to each other.  After deciding on the head cam and size of the SD card we walk all the way to the front of the store to check out.  At the register the cashier says, I can't change the size of the SD card for you up here, you have to change it in the back.  We told her we weren't walking all the way to the back of the store to get another piece of paper, so she called.  Let me interject that they only had 4 cashiers actively working, a long line of people wanting to check out, and about 5 people behind the cashier counter just standing around talking to one another.After waiting about 15 minutes our cashier finally got things straightened out.  Then she wanted to be friendly and ask us every question in the book.  We had been in this store for over an hour, and we just wanted to leave.Terrible experience.  I would've rated them 0 stars, but that's not possible.
5	You are going to find two types of people reviewing here: people that did product research and those who did not......if you come to Fry's looking for customer service, it will be a hit and miss proposition: some sales people are geeks that will know much about products, others are simple sales people who know nothing....sometimes you get great service, sometimes not....my returns to the store ranged from high-end car speakers that did not fit to high-end computer components (both I opened but was expertly repacked)  and I have NEVER had problems with restock fees.For me, I do the research and I know what I want so I never have any problems with Fry's.Things that I have bought from Fry's:micro controllers and robotic kitsMotherboards, and other computer componentscar audioelectronic parts like wire harness, connectors, soldering irons, wire clips, shrink tube, ledsmusic and DVDs (hard to find titles)computer displaysall in all, a great experience for me but don't go in there expecting to get answers to questions: you will get a mixed bag of results:for people who need advice, stick to the big box stores and their very narrow selection and limited stock.for people like me, Fry's is a consumer wonder land where I can spend the whole day there and easily spend a million dollars (if I had it!).
1	Overrated and not worth my drive to this side of town. First of all, when I make any kind of electronics purchase, I always do my homework...this way, I know if I'm paying too much for something. My first experience with Fry's was back in 1996 when I moved to L.A. When the one here in Vegas opened up, I visited...and altogether, have shopped here at least five times since it opened. I have purchased copy paper, CDroms, SD cards, a camcorder and a camera here. Despite how much I've spent, it's only because I felt I got value for my dollar. Yet today, it was proven why I should never patronize this store again. I waiting in the computer department for a grand total of 45 minutes. I'm the type of shopper that looks around before I bother an associate. I don't like wasting people's time so once I narrowed down my choices to three different printers, I went for help. I politely interrupted a guy who was chitchatting with a fellow co-worker about on work-related crap and he said he would have someone meet me in the printer department as soon as an associate became available. So I waited. And waited. And waited. I counted about nine associates wandering around aimlessly within the computer department (yes I know some could have ACTUALLY been working) and I even felt like I was getting the shaft. (For what it's worth, the same guy who told me that someone would be with me, came back to me and said, "You're next. Someone will be here in just a second." NO ONE EVER CAME TO THE PRINTERS!)  What ticked me off about this whole thing...is that I WORK IN RETAIL AND HAVE BEEN IN RETAIL FOR 15+ years and I can assure you that if any of my employees had neglected any customers the way I was neglected, they would have been warned and I know it would never happen again. My hubby got so pissed he walked off and said, "Let's not spend out money here." I waited. I said, "5 more minutes." After the 5 minutes were up, we walked away...not before I left my cart full of stuff in the middle of an aisle. PSSTTSHHHT.....don't pay attention to me...go ahead and do my go-backs. P.S. If any higher ups working for Fry's Electronics are reading this, the employee morale in your Vegas store SUCKS and your store isn't even clean and organized. :P Oh...and maybe you shouldn't allow your employees to text or check their FB when they're on the clock...especially when people are about to drop $$$ and your employees ignore them. P.P.S. I went across the street at STAPLES and not only did the associate pay attention to me, he walked me through the details of my new printer...that was $70.00 CHEAPER than your advertised price!!
1	This weekend I was looking for car speakers. So, I stopped by Frys to get an idea of how to upgrade my current system. The car audio sales department here is not in the best location and you have to go back outside to access the installation shop area. Vic was working in the shop by himself and essentially refused to look at my vehicle which was thirty feet outside the door. Rather, he stated that he was by himself and a half an hour behind schedule. He suggested I go back inside and find a salesman to help me. I turned on heel, got in my car and drove to Best Buy. I bought speakers and had them installed at BB same day. This is my second bad experience at Frys and I don't plan on returning. The reviews by Rob P and Grace W are right on target to my first experience. The sheer volume of employees running around in suits would suggest that a higher level of service could be expected. There are too many other options for electronics so me thinks not.
4	Man, I used to love Fry's when I was younger. I mean, they have so much cool stuff with buttons and lights and sounds and robots and race cars and telescopes and tv's bigger than my car and oh me oh my so much cool stuff!That was then. Now, I still like coming here because they have a lot of cheap doo-dads, but my Fry's needs have been pretty much met by the internet and the deals to be had there. That's not to say Fry's isn't cheap still.. it is. But when you can find an HDMI cable online for $6 and get the same one here for $6, you really have to think about coming out here. I mean, it's far. Also, the salespeople are there for display. They're not very good about helping people or suggesting things. Still, I have to give credit where credit is due. I bought my parents' tv here a few years ago. The price was far better than it was at Best Buy or Costco or Circuit City (!!) at the time, and they threw in the little tv stand, too. It was a great shopping experience, really. Who doesn't like savings?!Plus, I can spend hours here looking at cool things. I'm not in the market for a flux capacitor at this time, but I'm sure I could find one here. At the same time, I was recently in the market for a new tv. I ended up getting it at Best Buy because it was the same price, but it was a lot closer to my house. It just didn't make a lot of sense to drive out there. I love Fry's. It's just a great nerdtastic place to shop. They have a ton of movies, cd's, books, games... all sorts of stuff you can get at Best Buy or Target, but with greater product volume. It's pretty cool. Also, I like that they sell astronaut ice cream here.
3	I have had modestly good experiences with this Fry's Electronics, though prices are on the high side for almost every computer component I want. I joked with my coworkers that when you buy at this Fry's Electronics, you pay the "Technology In Las Vegas Tax", because you have to pay extra to get anything that resembles better than 1970s technology in Las Vegas.That being said, I really do not care for this Fry's Electronics for only one reason. Randy Fry...are you paying attention? Randy...yeah you...from Sunnyvale...hey...do me a favor...go down to the Customer Service manager and tell him or her point blank to train his or her cashiers to READ THE BACK OF THE CUSTOMERS CREDIT CARD...ESPECIALLY IF IT HAS ***ASK FOR ID*** WRITTEN IN BIG BOLD LETTERS.......AND WHEN YOU GET AN EMAIL SENT TO THE EMAIL ADDRESS ON THE "FRY'S CARES WHAT YOU THINK" PAMPHLET HOW ABOUT YOUR EMPLOYEES GET THEIR NOSES OUT OF THEIR TEXT MESSAGES AND GIVE ME SOME KIND OF RESPONSE? Yeah, That'd be great, Randy. Just great. Thanks a bunch, Randy. You're a trooper. God love ya, everybody knows I do. Can't wait to champagne toast you at your Christmas Roast.
4	The big positive about this place is selection.  You won't find this many products and this many brands of a product anywhere else.  The prices are reasonable too.  This is the place I go when I don't want to wait a couple of days for newegg or amazon to ship.The bad part about Fry's is the employees.  There is too much of a focus on commission.  They can be pushy, and will usually recommend a product soley on how much commission it pays.  They aren't very knowledgeable either (though to be honest, they are no worse than any other electronics store).So anyways, this is the best brick and mortar electronic store out there.  You can't get any better than Fry's, although Fry's could get better themselves.
5	I love Frys ! New MacBook pro, 0 down, 0% financing for 3 freaking years??!! So stoked on my new MacBook
4	A Fry's that kinda looks like it used to be an office supply store (Staples, Office Depot, etc). Why do I think that? Cuz the ceilings aren't as high as most other Fry's I've been to. BUT it's a super organized Fry's that's for sure.I've been to more than a few of these in my day and this one is one of the cleanest and quickest in/out register lines I've ever experienced.We came here for some major ish we needed for our booth at the time, I can't remember if this was for CES or Interop, either way...it was a geeky show that I had to help coordinate (blah, I ain't that techy/geeky...sorry nerds!)There aren't tons of kids running around all crazy by the games section and the staff seem very knowledgeable and helpful.Good spot for emergency "geeky" necessities.Oh! And can't forget the snacks they have hanging all over the place while you're in line to checkout your items. :)
1	Do not EVER TAKE YOUR COMPUTER TO FRYS FOR SERVICE!!!  PROMISE!!!!   NEVER EVER!  Unless you want it ruined, broken and all your data lost.  Go anywhere else or to a friend.  I've had computers break before and had them fixed and data recovered no problem.  I went to Frys because their prices were slightly better. Their service signs say A+ rated technicians. BULLSHIT.  I would of rather payed DOUBLE and have my computer and data. My desktop computer broke during a move.  they were supposed to remove the hard drive and save my files to a flash drive.  They suggested putting my files in a separate "folder" on my laptop that they were also repairing.  the files were all jumbled up and when they later killed my laptop, they were now lost.  When i picked up my computer, they dropped the hard drive on the floor and it crashed and broke and they didn't want to pay me for new one because it was an "accident".My laptop got  virus.  they were supposed to off load my files, reset the computer and reload my files.  They said the keep the files for 30 days "just in case".  Well they forgot to save them and reload them, but they did manage to dump them and two years of photos, music and documents are now GONE.  when they reset my computer they forgot to load the drivers and I couldn't even connect to the internet to load drivers since I had no ethernet driver.  After multiple trips back, no tech could help or take over where another one left off.  they have no system for saving and storing your data, even though they say they do.  they have out dated equipment (according to the techs), the managers, refuse to get involved and help res
5	How could you not Love Fry's electronics? They have sales atleast twice a week. Nice Little Cafe. Great Prices, I scored on a USB Wifi Adaptor. They have everything you could ever need for your Computer, to Laptop to TV;s and everything in between. Nice Music Section to, Especially with Electronica. The employees are very kind and helpful to help you find what your looking for as well. With my USB Wifi Adapter it was mislabeled. And The Cashier walked all the way back so i could show her the price. And then went and got another employee to help. They gave me the right Adapter and it had better range and was faster then the more expensive one. KUDOS Fry's
4	Every time my husband tries to get me into an electronic store I immediately get nauseous and try to get out of it. We don't have Fry's in Hawaii so I hesitantly dragged myself into this store. I have been here before but I don't remember it and I normally block out electronic stores in my mind.Anyway, this place is huge. I walk in and think of something I need. Hmm...I need a reading light for my Kindle so I don't make my husband suffer as he tries to sleep. I have to say they have so many unnecessary but entertaining things to buy. The inner geek in me started looking at the toys and gadgets and all the other electronics, exercise equipment, and other odd things you would normally not find in an electronic store. I actually had an entertaining time in there and had to remind my husband of his nonexistent time limit. Husband was happy, I was happy, we are all happy. Fry's made a break through. It's the only electronic store I can bear with a time limit.
1	Beware! I bought a printer from them 3 months ago, ran out of toner cartridge literally in 2 weeks and have been unable to order a replacement cartridge because they are on back order and don't when they will have it again.  After waiting 2 1/2 month I finally found it on frys.com again, they gave me there word they have it in there warehouse but do not carry in store.  I went to buy 2 on frys.com and wanted to use my gift certificate and was told I can only use it in the store (which they don't carry it).  After pleading with two supervisors Victoria Gonzalez and Ms. Gloria Bonitas to allow me to use the gift certificate for all my inconvenience, they were rude and unwilling to help.  The customer service sucks over there.  They are to quick to take your money but don't want to help.  I will be returning the lemon they sold me and never shop there again.  Staples appreciates there customers and they will be getting all business from now on.  Fry's has the worst return policy anyway, we'll see how long they stay in business with there higher than mighty attitudes.
5	I love frys!
4	There have been a few times when I am in a rush before vacation and do not have time to order converters or chargers online. My first thought is always to go to Fry's. With Amazon, it is usually cheaper to buy from a website then to travel to a store and buy it for more. The thing about Fry's that makes me think so highly of them is their guest service. My dad is all about going to places that will go above and beyond to help him. In fact, if you know him, he has an infinite amount of questions at any given moment. I have never seen anyone get fluster or impatient with him and that's a plus. We have had issues with some of the products, but they are the easiest when it comes to exchanges.
1	My inetntions were to spend alot of my Christmas money at Fry's.  I had 5 gift ideas for family members in mind looking to cross it off my list.My first stop was the computer section where I asked a salesperson "What is your best deal on a monitor?"  First, he gave me the impression that he was in a rush and had no time to help.  After a few "ummms and uhhhhs" he said "we have this monitor that cost $$$."  He immediately started to walk away, so I quickly asked "Is there anything else cheaper perhaps on sale?"  He then had the damn nerve to tell me "You killin' me man, that's the best deal we have!"  I thought "What kind of F'd up response is that?"  I was so pissed off that I just told him "never mind" and proceeded to walk away.  He changed his tone instantly and repeatedly tried to say I'm sorry, I was just playing.  BS!!!! His bad unprofessional service basically made myself as a customer feel like we were being cheap.  NOTE: I was prepared to spend $$$$ on several items.I then joined my wife in the camera section where she was looking for a camera and a specific battery charger.  I stepped back and watched her shop for it.  At one point she walked right passed 6 workers huddled in a circle who were lounging, laughing, and paying no attention to either my wife or her sister.  A supervisor then came out and even her didn't say "Can I help you with anything?"  I asked my wife to circle back around just to see if any worker would assist her, and AGAIN no one said a damn thing.  All these seasonal hires that has no knowledge of what their selling and no customer service experience is what we encountered.  This lack of service was later re-enforced when I asked a question to a sales rep about a top of the line headphones.  His reply was "I don't know this is not my section, then walked away!"  He never bothered to say let me find someone who can help you or try to provide a answer.We all left without spending a single a dime there, $$$$ lost in revenue for Fry's.  A very dissapointing visit to say the least.  My advice to corporate/management is to WAKE UP and equip yourselves.  Train your staff on the basics of customer service and don't hire all these seasonal reps with no experience because that only reflects bad on the company and its overall service. At least the elderly lady at Wal-Mart where we went next did her best and genuinely tried to assist me.  She served us with a smile and didn't try to make up answers or run away from the transaction or questions.  Ultimately, majority of our money reserved for "electronics" were spent at WAL-MART!REAL PEOPLE, REAL REVIEWS!!!!!
2	I went to Frys in order to purchase some ink for a printer at work.  I was helped in the computer department and told the sales associate the model number and icon of the HP Ink (a bowtie).  When he brought me something else, I asked that he confirm it and he became agitated and told me that he knew what he was doing.  So, I paid for six cartridges and put my receipt away.  As I'm leaving, the two teenagers up front finally stop talking and ask for my receipt, which irritated me, but it's their policy.  She looked at the receipt, marked it and then handed it back to me...without checking my bags at all.  At this point, I'm extremely agitated and complained to the person that was with me about my frustrations.  To ice the cake, the same teenager made an exasperated "whew" noise about my complaining.  Several hours later, found out that the cartridges were, in fact, wrong and the only sollace the manager could give me was..."well, I won't charge you for opening one of the boxes."  I do have to thank Frys for making me an internet shopper on these items as their location and service is unacceptable.
2	For all of my electronic needs I'll go here especially if radioshack doesn't have it or if it's cheaper here then online. Product wise this is my toy store and can spend hours inside and that's without getting any service. They a ton of stuff.Service here is usually not so good throughout the year, holiday and non-holiday times.  I think they make commission. So the quality of their service is solely on the dollar. They never help you enough if your not by a big ticket item, computers stereo system or tv. If you're looking at some A/V cables, remotes etc and have questions forget about it. Stroll over to the 80 inch tvs and see how fast they come. They often just tell you the isle the products at, the signs at the isles already tell us that.Most of the time I'll buy what I need online or some where else. I'll stop by just to physically see the product in person and to get more answers.  Traffic and parking is also bad during the holidays, best is to park near the the shops and shop there first then make your way here if you still need to.
1	I was charged 600.oo for serveilance cam installation. Let me state that was a nightmare. They came to install and put holes all thru my walls and would not set up the cams on the top of the home along the roof line. They stated they could only go so far and did not have ladders high enough to go higher. Mind you I had a two story home with black wires going across the middle of the house. Tacky! Where someone could reach and pull down the cams and wires. I would not recommend that you use this so called service to set up cams on your two story homes. Just a warning to prevent you a bunch of needless holes in your house. I called and spoke with the managers who took days to give me a refund of my money and asked they repair the holes in the walls which they declined to do. I guess I will have to take them to court and let a judge decide if this was worth the six hundred they tried to charge. This was a waste of time and I just wanted to warn everyone that if you don't set up cams correctly. Don't attempt it with them. Hire a professional service to do it.
5	It's getting harder these days to stop by Best Buy for my electronic fix.  It just seems like Fry's is a one stop shop for everything I need that is electronic and some.  Couple that with competitive pricing and associates that know there stuff and I have very little to complain about.Pros:  *  Knowledgeable Staff  *  Awesome bargain bins near the entrance of the store  *  They seem to have everything I need.    *  Very decently priced.  *  Very quick lineCons:  *  Conducting returns can be a pain  *  Cafe is no bueno  *  Not a good place to buy accessories for your DSLRTips:  *  They have pretty much everything, but I'd stay away from this place if you are looking for extras for your DSLR.    *  Don't forget to check out the current ad (on your right after you pass return counter)  *  Bathrooms are located on the north end of the store (by the video game section)  * Don't eat at the cafe..  It's not good at all.Overall:  I find myself making excuses to go to Fry's.  I love this place.  There have been times where I encountered bad customer service (including nonsensical advice from associates on product), but when you know what you are looking or are just in the store to browse, this place is great.  I'm giving it a 5 stars when in comparison to the other stores in Las Vegas that sells electronics.  They have very competitive price points, but don't expect rock-bottom prices.  You'll have to browse the internet for that.  It is a good place to check out those good deals you saw on the internet, but are unsure if you should buy it.  I usually go here to check out the product hands on and see if it's something that I really want.
2	Beware! Their return policy sucks. If you shop early for Christmas and what you buy doesn't work for some reason, your screwed. I bought my hubby a Star Wars lamp a few months ago, I saw that the inventory of the lamps was dwindling, so I didn't want to wait any longer. Sure enough they didn't have any more during holiday shopping time, so I  was glad I got it early. Well the clock on it doesn't work correctly. And the staff at Fry's was like "oh well, too bad for you".I usually only go here if my husband drags me along. So I could totally do without it. I get all my electronics elsewhere, and I will continue to do the same. I will certainly never by a gift here again. I hate the fact we bought a TV there, I hope it doesn't break.BTW I hate the receipt check Nazi's at the exit.
1	I thought I'd come to Fry's to either get a ipad or a Kindle. I thought because the store was big they would have more selection. They do have a selection but they don't carry Kindles and they lack in customer service. I tried to ask an associate where their ereaders were located. The associate says, "Over there" with a little head nudge to the left. Hmmmm...to the left of me there was a massive amount of items. I tried asking another associate and he tells me that they are in the software section but they don't carry the Kindle Fire. Then we tried getting help with certain computers. I just kept hearing we don't have this or we don't have that. I felt like yelling, " What do you have"!? I was fed up so we left and went to Best Buy. I bought a Kindle there instead. I felt that driving all the way to Fry's was a waste of gas and time. Especially when I found what I wanted a couple of miles from home.They are supposed to be building a Fry's in Boca Park hopefully their customer service will improve by then.
5	Great customer service, over the top entertainment and options galor! There presentation is clean and functiinal with  bit of vegas flare. They price match online too!
2	Location is easy to get to. Then parking is HORRIBLE. Then you go into the electronics and variety store with variety you dream about. They have everything except a bed. If they did you would wanna move in. There is lots of staff there to try and sell you something. The nightmare starts if you want them to price match as they advertise. I looks like the salespeople are highly commission oriented and turn a COLD COLD shoulder if you want a internet price match.I tried on a big screen tv and tc stand. The experience was so of=dd the salesman said I need to go home and print out the add to match and I need to print the list of stores they wont match. I asked if I could do it there and he said he thinks Frys blocks the websites they dont want to match. Then the guy send me to an aisle number that didnt exist  Just guess there is an aisle 1 thru17 and 19 thru 20+ but he told me to look for an item on 18  - I think I did enter the twilight zone. (UnFRICKIN rEaL)It was crazy and no I did not buy my Big screen , mount or tv stand from them as it was a really bad experience but I love the store and all the options they have.
3	It's a giant Best Buy with 66 registers.  I don't get it.  What's the big deal about this place??
2	A great place to look, but not to buy. I like to get my geek out for a walk every once in a while and Fry's is fun to window shop. However as a Power User, someone who builds PC's from scratch and watercools them for fun, I just can't recommend coming here to purchase anything.Selection is not that great for such a large store. Example: GF needed a cable modem. The only cable modem they had was a $100 DOCSIS 3 modem , that was $85 on Amazon. Totally unnecessary... I bought her a $39 motorola DOCSIS 2 modem on the spot from newegg.com with my iphone. Also, when I come looking for specific model parts for PC builds, they always seem to NOT have the exact one I'm looking for. Odd.Also the sales people here are just that, SALES people. They will push you to buy whatever they happen to have in the store that kinda fits your need. I've been pitched on so many products other than what I actually want when I walk in here that I can see someone not as involved with components as I am walking out spending too much for something they only kinda need/want.So overall, good to walk around, don't get pressured, make sure you shop online, maybe get a price match.
5	Fry's - electronically speaking, if they don't have it, you don't need it! That may be over the top, but Fry's always seems to come through, and with good prices. Yep things may be spread out, and some to help might take persistence, but ultimately, it is worth it. The Disneyland of gadgets, and appliances, and stereos, and TV's and connectors, and cables, and memory, and do dads, and what cha ma call its and framastats, and rama lama ding dongs, and dongles, and a few more things I forget, oh I guess I will just keep shopping.
3	I have a love-hate relationship with Fry's. On one hand, they have absolutely everything you could ever want. On the other hand, if you don't knwo what you're looking for, you're boned. The customer service is wretched. On top of that I despise any store who will sell you merchandise then immediately search you upon trying to leave.It's insulting and shows alack of faith on behalf of the consumer. Not to mention that every piece of merchandise in the warehouse is loaded with security tags. You could never shoplift from there, and still they strip search you. Poor form.
4	I gave this place 4 stars because it has almost anything and everything electronic related if you need the product on the go (great for tourists who forget batteries, memory sticks, etc.) and have no time to order from buy.com or amazon. Also, they have awesome black friday style deals in there all the time; just check the news ads when you enter.The reason this place did not get a 5th star is because it is sooo amazingly big and it is hard to find items in this store. Customer service can sometimes be a hassle because some of the sales associates in there are not the most knowledgeable individuals (rightfully because they are still young or new) or they know alot but earn on commission so they try to upsell and tack on unnecessary warranty services. These are the challenges of shopping here.The DMV style checkout kind of sucks, especially during busy holiday/weekend peak times of the year. True tech dorks will love this place because they will know what to look for. But don't get me wrong, sometimes good deals on refurb'd products may be a good idea to add that additional warranty. Sometimes when you get PSC, Performance Service Contract on a refurbished item and try to replace it, they may be out of the product or it has been discontinued; therefore, they give you either a brand new item or an updated version of what you bought. Great electronic retail store, as long as you know what you are wanting.
2	The service/help is spotty, at best. Most of the staff don't know anything beyond what is written on the box. Many don't even know that. More than once, we've been approached by staff asking to scan the items we've already chosen so they can get their commission or credit or whatever, without actually helping us. It's brazen and bizarre. Fry's is the quintessential nerd shopping experience. Yes, it's easier to point and click with your mouse on amazon.com. But, if you want to see it first or just browse for hours selecting items you never knew you needed, this is the spot!
1	Inexpensive crap that doesn't work half the time. I have given up on Frys, but was in town for a tradeshow and desperately needed an adapter. Only option was Frys... they had the adapter, got it back to the tradeshow, and, of course, it doesn't work. This has been my experience over and over again with Frys and once again they lived down to expectations. Sign up for Amazon Prime and just buy everything through Amazon... at least their stuff works as advertised.
1	The service is terrible! Plain and simple. I'm a supervisor at my company and I know for a fact the supervisor at frys would rather be lazy than help a customer. They have lost my companies business forever.
1	I should have listened to Lon L.  Out of all the Yelpers on Yelp, I respect Lon's reviews the most. I usually agree with his opinions about 99.9999% of the time, but due to the fact that this is the only Fry's in Clark County, I stupidly didn't listen to his review this time. Even Jaime W, wrote a 1-star on this place, but I didn't listen. What was I thinking? I couldn''t figure out how the get any service here.  The workers just stand around and talk about random stupid things with each other.  Once in a while they will help a customer but it's usually one of those bleached blonde chicks in short-shorts.  If you are a dude or a woman of integrity you probably won't get any service.  When I finally was able to find a worker, he was really groggy and looked like he had been sleeping in a cardboard box in the back.  I told him that I wanted to buy  the TV that was on sale, and it literally took him 15 minutes to tell me that it was sold out. I think afterwards, he went back into the back room and went back to sleep. The workers here are the same d-bags that hang out at the Encore on Saturday nights and  tell all the club chicks that they are millionaires. One of my best friends is the poker room supervisor at the South Point, so I visit him occasionally when I have time. While visiting, I always noticed this attention seeking guy who keeps telling everyone that he is a "pro poker player". Well, this self-proclaimed pro poker player was working at the floor here at Fry's. Ironically, I ran into Bobby Y.(Misty's husband) a few days ago and he was a little concerned about my safety, due to the fact that I have been getting frequent death threats from business owners, human resource directors, and angry yelpers. He gave me some advice on how to be more "nice" and "positive". So, I won't go on one of my typical profanity filled rants this time. I'll just end by saying that I should have listened to Lon L and Jaime W.
3	Truly a love/hate relationship.  Love to go there to get things.  If I wanted next week, I would have ordered from Amazon, but I want my stuff now and I want to know I can get it replaced just as easy.  I go to Fry'sThe hate part is the "help"...  And you wonder where the flunkies from McDonalds go for work?  It's here...  You need to know what to ask and may have to ask a few people to get the right answer.  Not "I need a computer"  be a bit more specific.  "I need a laptop to do .... for under $$"  When I encounter an idiot staff member (often) I will circle back to another department and ask.  They will usually point me to someone in the right department to speak to.  Avoiding idiot #1 and getting the real expert. Note to those on here ripping Fry's...  Its like anything else... You want to go tot he mechanic who is always busy, the hair dresser who is booked up... Same here.  Go to the staff who are not in the circle jerk, but off alone or with customers...  think about this:  If you were an electronic genius and knew everything about a specific product or gadget, would you really be working retail?  or be off running your own business doing consulting??  And don't be sexist!!  Last time I was in there for a client, the first idiot (male) had me at a $400 camera.  But when I went for the accessories, the person in TV's sent me back to a female staff who knew more about the cameras than I think the manufacturers do.  She bumped me up to a $600 camera and not needing the accessories.  The client thought I was God by how it did more than we expected and exactly like we wanted.  And yes, they match legitimate Internet prices and accept credit cards...  Gawd, I know they accept them... Its always an expensive trip there!!
1	This place may have everything, but the service is TERRIBLE.  Last time I was at Fry's (which will be my last visit, trust me), I asked a saleswoman to help me find a particular Wii game.  Not only did she not help me find it, but she actually took the time to berate me for buying a Wii system instead of a PS3.  Ummm... did I ASK for your opinion?  I'm glad you're a PS3 fan and all, but it doesn't make me wanna buy something if you try to make me feel like a moron. I love my li'l Wii.  Shove it, sassy saleslady.
3	This store us located next to town square on lv blvd and sunset neat the freeway.Big store with a lot of parking. Somehow you always have to walk far as its always really busy.Prices on big items are usually very good and they'll do Internet price matching from "most" Internet sellers. But there are a few they won't match. Ask them for the list or go online to get the list and you can go buy it from them because their prices are too good to match.Staff are hit and miss with knowledge and courtesy.Prices on small items and accessories are pretty high in most cases but at least they have many hard to get items.When I shop here it's a love hate thing but I keep wanting more stuff there.Plus they have a nice little cafe - coffee joint in the center of  the store where you can take a break from the madness of this cool store that tests your inner shopper.Its a necessary evil.
3	Fry's is very average.  Parking there is a pain!  Too bad Vegas doesn't have a Microcenter or they would be out of luck.  They charge full prices on items you know have been returned.  I find it more than peculiar that items for my computer never work correctly for wrong.  I buy from NewEgg...no issues.  Hmmm.  I try avoid shopping here whenever possible.  Service is always hit and miss.  If you have to have it NOW, go ahead, if not, NewEgg it is!
1	This one's going to be ugly, let's get it over with. It starts with the speed mountains going in and out of the parking lot. They suck.It gets better when you look up at the cool slot machine entrance. It looks great when you step in the door, but your eyes are still adjusting from the brightness outside so you can be forgiven for thinking the place is cool. Once you start looking around, sure they have a lot of stuff. But they've also got a lot of stuff missing. Does anyone stock this place? Look at the empty spaces on the racks. How about ordering some USB cables for Pete's sake? And if you need service, woe to the fool who tries to find some. Here's what to expect if you attempt to get help: A: A foot chase to track someone down. B: A bunch of sales people congregating in one area that ignore you. C: Sales people that treat your female companions like their stupid and insult them. D: If you finally find someone, 90% of the time they really don't have a clue how to help you. The above options vary depending on time of day...and you could have all of the above happen to you on the same visit. The only reason I don't have this on my Absolutely Not list? Sometimes they have what nobody else has so it's a necessary evil to walk in the door. But they won't escape my Jackassery list. They have found a new way to make paying a nightmare. You have to use credit if you use a card as they won't let you do a debit / pin based transaction for anything under $70. I bitch about it every time. In short, this place could be so cool, but the management and sales people from the 4th level of Hell find ways to ruin the experience. 1 Star, and that's pushing it.
3	I found what I needed, but I find this store to be poorly stocked and dirty. There were a lot of holes on the shelves, and it is no longer very organized. There were also a lot of items that were not priced or had multiple prices. The strong sales approach reminded me of a bad car dealership....
4	Hey - its a Fry's - Your best buys are always at Fry's. As I do not have one locally (withing 200 miles of home) it seems I always stop at Fry's and then call several friends and as the question 'What do you need at Fry's?' Then I pick it up and another happy trip is completed. They seem to have everything, and even if the clerk says they don't, just look merrily along and you will probably fine it anyway! Works for me.
1	Fry's electronics, Las Vegas. Lying and deceitful service people on top of selling very poor quality products and bogus warranties.I bought an e-machine desktop for 300$ for my son to do his homework. A few months later it crashes and I bring it back because I purchased a warranty with the computer. I am told by the technician that if it is a software problem the warranty doesn't cover it and I will have to pay an additional 59$ to reinstall windows. They call me today and tell me I have to pay a 70$ diagnostic fee plus 100$ to reinstall windows. Total 170$ to reinstall windows.
1	I hate this place.  And you're probably wondering why I am a "regular" here, right?  Well, every time I venture to Fry's, whatever I purchase, I come back the same day to return the product.  And while I am waiting in their insane return line & process, I need something to do, so why not check-in on Yelp.Within the last four months, I have made at least four trips to Fry's all resulting in returning whatever we have purchased.  I know better, so why do I keep coming back?  Maybe for the sake of maybe one time being happy with a purchase.  Never again will I be back here.  Just yesterday, I purchased a wireless keyboard.  The box was a little tattered making me think that someone had brought this home previously and tried it out, but there wasn't a notice on the box or anything.  When I got the keyboard home and opened it, it was missing the USB in order for the wireless keyboard to work.  SERIOUSLY?!  I had also purchased a computer and a few other things.  This was the tip of the iceberg with all of the other faulty things I have purchased here.We got back into the car (mind you, Fry's is about 15-20 minutes on I-215 from my house) and decided to return everything we purchased.  We are so tired of purchasing things here that either don't work or are missing pieces. Another time a speaker didn't work, another time we were able to find the electronic for $250 cheaper on Amazon.com, another time something else was missing a piece... the lists goes on and on!The Return Policy of Stupidness:When we got back to Fry's we had to check-in with the customer service gal (at the front door) that wrote up that we were returning a computer (among other things).  We then head over to the service department for them to inspect the computer- mind you, we never even opened the computer.  Once we saw that the keyboard was missing the piece, we didn't even want to see how the computer would work.The service department then OPENED the factory sealed computer and proceeded to inspect the entire thing (why they didn't do this with the keyboard that we had purchased- who knows!).  I was seriously surprised when the guy ripped open the factory seal on this computer.  I've never seen that at a store before!  What is the purpose of that?!Once they wrote us up, we then got into the Customer Service line, which then the customer service person returns everything.  He then calls over another customer service person to verify everything on the computer.  Once they verify, the manager is now called over to verify everything once again.  They said we should have our money credited back within 2-3 days.Never again am I going to this horrible place.  If I need an electronic: Amazon.com, Buy.com or Best Buy.  Never Fry's.
1	This place is one of the worst examples of customer service I have ever encountered. The employees are not knowledgable about products they are selling. I was sold a phone by an employee, who convinced me about how wonderful it was and all the things it could do, but lied to sell me the phone. I don't know if it was a spiff, or overstock, or if he got comission, but when I got home, the phone did not have any of the capeability that was promised by the salesman. For 3 days I have tried to get in contact with the right person, but they want to charge a $20 re-stocking fee, and only give me store credit, even though I paid cash, have my receipt, and it's been less than a week. The manager Robert Lydell was rude and non helpful, and talked to me like I was some idiot thug kid, instead of an educated man. I have been waiting to talk to the General manager for this location, but hat yet to return my calls. I will never ever go there again, or reccommend any of the people I know go there, unless they want to come home angry or dissappointed. Your money would be better and more wisely spent at tigerdirect.com, amazon, overstock, best buy, or walmart. Tell your Friends. Boycott Fry's electronics at all costs!!!
3	Giving three stars cuz I respect some people that work here. But for the most part the employees be slacking here. Their install bay is a fucking joke. but u will still see me roaming around this place from Time to time!
5	They have better customer service at this store than ALL of the stores in the San Jose area. That is great for this store but bad for the company.
4	Like a Best Buy and Radio Shack put together. It's huge. The staff really had no idea where anything was but who could blame them, regardless, they were trying to be helpful.
3	This is the only place that inspires any shopping excitement for Boyfriend. And, since the universe is very ordered, I hate coming here just as much as he hates going shopping with me. The good thing about Fry's, and the reason I go back, is because they have just about everything. Appliances, electronics (home and vehicle), toys, games, office furniture, flash drives, post-its, Apple items, all the electronics accessories and everything you could possibly need to construct a computer on your own. Boyfriend is in almost constant need of computer parts, so we're here a lot.Another good thing is how efficient their processes are. Checkout is usually a breeze, as the line is always in order and they have an employee directing traffic. Returns are even easier. For some items, you're given a slip by the employee near the products, which you give to the cashier, who retrieves your item. The downside comes when you actually need to find an employee who a) has time to help you and b) knows how to help you. The store (at least the more popular parts) is busy and employees seem to be stretched thin. When you do find someone, the chances of them knowing what you're talking about and where it's located are like 30%. It's frustrating, especially if you have a question or need one of those items that you can't just grab off a shelf.
5	This store is where I received literally the best customer service I have ever gotten. I was in the market for a new computer and stopped into fry's after a very horrible experience at the best buy on Maryland parkway. Upon viewing the computers for a few minuets I was asked if I needed any help. I told him I what exactly I was looking for as far as specs and we went over to the employee computer to search my specs, moments later I had 3 sales people and 2 floor managers (not an exaggeration) looking at computers for me! It was such a great experience I felt so good knowing I had all this help. Upon finding the computer right for me that was at a good price and in my budget they went to get it out of the back room, when I was informed by a floor manager that they match online prices! I immediately pulled out my phone and looked up the computer I was getting and found it for $60 cheaper, sure enough the price matched and I used my save money to buy a 2 year warranty.Best shopping experience I've ever had in my life. Thank you Fry's!
2	Fry's is frustrating. It's a great store as far as selection and advertised deals. And it's still my go-to place for electronics.But boy are some of their employees useless. I mean completely and utterly useless. I know I'm not alone with this sentiment. I just haven't felt so strongly about it before.Luckily, there are a few gems. Today, the cashier offered and accompanied me back to the aisles to find the correct advertised item. We also found a salesperson who actually cared enough to check stock and help us find the correct item.So it's not all bad. Like I said, I'll still go to Fry's simply because their prices can be insanely low (cheaper than online at times). This two-star review changes none of that.p.s. I was at a Burlington Coat Factory the other day and even a low-tech clothing store like that has the ingenuity to install an LCD at the checkout line that directs you to the next available cashier. Fry's? They're still lingering in medieval times with their greeter person. Isn't this an electronics store?
2	The exterior of this location is the most unique I've ever seen of its kind, she's a HUGE slot machine! I mean, the one in San Diego could at least have a surfer or some palms trees to give it the same kinda umph!The outside is a nice sight, you can spot her off of the 15 freeway but as far as the interior and referring to the store selection, IT SUCKS. It seems like they restock their shelves every 6 months. I went in to purchase a phone case months ago and the selection was pretty bad to begin with, but I was able to find something that I actually liked. I came in 6 months later, and it's the same merchandise on their shelves from 6 months ago!Well, this is an electronic store, so lets talk about the electronics. I purchased a laptop from this store, and the keyboard was loose so I took it back, they exchanged it. Had the same issue, tried to return it but they put up a fight about a "restocking fee" I was there for close to a half hour talking to the sales rep, their supervisor and then the supervisor's supervisor about how this is not me returning the item because I didn't want it, I am returning it because there was a damn defect on not one but TWO laptops from the same brand so therefore I should not have to pay for that. After a long hard battle, I claimed victory because, dammit, I was right.I try to avoid coming here, the one way in one way out setup of the place is quite annoying, especially during the holidays but with that happened and the horrible selection, I'd rather take my chances at Best Buy.
3	Returned an item with receipt had to wait in one line then they give you another receipt you take to stand in another line to get your cash or credit back. Very stupid process!
1	We only go here if we are in dire need of something that cannot be found elsewhere, or we need a new laptop (rarely).We just went tonight with my husband's parents. Just carousing the aisles after finding what we needed.We ended up in the laptop/computer sales area looking at the newest laptops out... OMG We were like chum in a shark tank. The sales people continuously followed and hounded us even after we repeatedly said we're just looking. I think the only reason why Fry's exists, for us, is the fact they still have capacitors, soldering parts, etc, that Radio Shack no longer has.
4	They have an awesome selection of electronic toys. I bought my ASUS G75V gaming laptop there. The only thing I dislike is there return policy's are stricter than Best Buy's but other than that it is awesome and they have a coffee shop as well.The ASUS laptop I bought blows away the gaming desktop I had this gaming laptop will run anything I throw at it.I play Battlefield3 with no problem and flight simulator X is awesome on it as well. This laptop mad most desktops obsolete.
4	A two  day review.  1st day: Came in, found the product on sale (laptop) and found an employee to go get it so I could checkout.  While we wait, I'm standing around looking confused.. (what is taking so long), and another employee asks if I've been helped.  I say yes, but can't remember the first employees name, so he starts to process me and check for in stock.  Employee #1 returns with the computer in hand.  Then they take the computer and a paper with my information away.  Again - confusion.  They are holding it in the front for me to check out.  Line check out is wayyyyy long and I'm in a hurry.  Gena = out.2nd day:Figured they would still keep it for me, so I went direct to check out.  And they did!  HURRAY.  Easy as pie.  And so so pleased with my awesome sale purchase.  Overall comments:GIANT parking lot, although a bit complicated to reach from an outsider as the approach to the mall is strange and looks like an on-ramp.  Helpful employees.  Big store with lots of the standard Fry's stuff.  They did look very picked over post-black friday, but I'll excuse them that.
1	This was the second time I went to Fry's.  The first time was right after they opened and the staff was rude, they would not take a check b/c it was a "low number"  on my account and insisted on a credit card.  Not wanting to make a scene and having spent valuable time, I complied.  Vowed I would not returnFast forward several years and my computer dies...my adult son insists they have the best computer department (as does my IT guy who I love) and we go to the store.I pick out my computer with assistance of my son and a salesperson who assures me that there is a price guarantee for 30 days.Behold, the following Sunday there is an ad for the same computer at Best Buy and I take the ad to Fry's and they tell me it is not the same model although I had confirmed the fact.  It also took several people checking over 30 minutes to come to this conclusion.  The store manager refused to see me.SCAM
1	Too many sales people standing around chatting with each other instead of offering assistance. The merchandise look dusty, outdated and picked through.  Won't be back.
1	Went to buy a printer. Nothing was in stock, but that was understandable since it is back to school season. What really pissed me off was the service attitude. No one wanted to help and every employee seemed to have better things to do (a.k.a. standing around doing nothing). None of the tags were correct for the printers. Customer service is the worst I have ever seen. No one smiles. Will be taking my business to amazon.
2	Anyone that has ever been to a Fry's knows that you will do everything in your power to avoid that mayhem in the future.  Sure there are a few technophiles that can't get enough of the sprawling mass of gadgets and gizmos, but for most people, we would rather do out shopping online.  Even knowing what I'm getting myself into, I still like to visit any and all Fry's that I come across.  Why?  Well because of the awesome themes.  Every Fry's has it's own unique theme or themes and some are pretty extravagant.  This one however is a bit dull.  Have any idea what the Vegas Fry's theme is?  Take a guess... that's right, it's Vegas.  Wahwah.  They could definitely amp it up a bit and go with some big lights, vegas show themes, or have strippers on poles. Overall just a regular Fry's with nothing special to set it apart.
4	Commute home from work is on average frustratingly slow and painfully congested on Fridays for me (even without the occasional accidents or marathon/special events-related road closures), that I have routinely opted to venture to the only Las Vegas outpost of the Fry's Electronics empire that I heart so much when I still lived in the SF Bay Area. This, in spite of the same and very real danger posed to my wallet by its more popular big box store cousin known to many around the world as COSTCO. What can I say, Fry's sure knows what makes me and other consumers want to load up the shopping cart every time we dared venture in its cavernous depot of electronics commerce.  It is practically a geek heaven minus the attractive booth babes normally found working at CES and the free swag.The selections of goods carried by Fry's is very good for a brick and mortar store, plus they have even more goodies online.  It is great for those that want to buy electronics goods at a reasonable price, especially when it is featured as one of their weekly advertised deals.  Besides laptops, big screen televisions and random accessories, Fry's is a great place to shop for your DVD and Blu-Ray titles at a good discount. This is especially true if you can hold your horses long enough for it to go on sale before pulling the trigger.  4/5Service can be hit and miss, depending on your luck and the department you are in.  I have encountered very knowledgeable and helpful associates that made the shopping experience totally enjoyable.  But I have also encountered some associates that work here that surprisingly know less than their better informed consumers, which is dreadfully sad. 3/5Ease and efficiency in getting through the check-out line is usually good, except towards the end of the year when the masses are out doing their Black Friday and Christmas shopping.  But unless you have been spending the past Seven Years in Tibet, you would already know that.  3.5/5Parking lot is huge, but finding a really good parking space is kind of hard, so just park and walk (it is not that far and most of us can use use the nominal exercise).  3.5/5Not exactly a solid 4 stars in this Yelper's opinion, but Fry's, I still luv you enough to round up from just being A-OK.
3	Fry's has a lot of stuff. Maybe too much. So much it can be daunting. It is a massive store. It goes beyond just computers and TVs and into small tools and knicknacks. Beyond what most electronics stores have. They have an amazing selection of DVDs including B rate SciFi, imported horror, domestic comedy, and adult entertainment. You can find a good amount of CDs too. I've found music at Fry's that I have only seen online. But alas, I don't shop here much for a few reasons. It is a higher priced store on a lot of items. Also, I've had a hard time finding employees to assist me in my electronics endevours. I am not particularly tech savvy. I require assistance. Customer service here is lacking.
4	Went here for the very first time in search of a birthday gift for hubby.  The lot seemed so crowded but the store is so expansive that it didn't seem nearly as packed inside as out.  I won't lie, for a gal who's not that into electronics, this place was a little overwhelming.  I literally said "whoa!" out loud when I walked in (but I was alone and not talking to anyone in particular lol).  Anyway, I'd been comparing prices for certain items for a few weeks now and the prices seemed a little high.  Salespeople were not breathing down my throat as I browsed.  They could be found everywhere but did a good job of not hassling and stalking me around the store.  I didn't solicit help so I don't know how they are in that arena. It was pretty cool how much merchandise they had besides electronics - kitchens gizmos and gadgets, collectibles, toys, etc.  It was fun to browse at some of the stuff that I had no intentions of looking at. The bathrooms were very clean. I wound up not buying anything because the prices weren't competitive enough for me but I'd come back in the future if I were looking for something specific and wanted to compare pricing and options.
1	Fry's....... You dirty rat! How dare you sell me something that has clearly been used as new! I went there today to get an external battery pack. Most everything in that section was either mismarked or no price showing on it. So after asking an employee how much the model I wanted was I had to follow them 3 isles over and down a whole row. I was told the item was 30 dollars so I take it to the register. At check out I hand the cashier my credit card and ID. My item now costs 79.99 i didnt know this until my credit card was swiped. So if I want to return it I know have to go to the returns department. This has all taken place on my lunch break. So i need to be heading back to work. So after I get back to work I look at this item I just overpaid for. then I notice something.... the package has been opened. Yes it was shrink wrapped but the clam shell package was OPENED!! So i know open the package the front face of the charger is scratched up. Like it has been in someone's pocket. So not only was I given wrong info... the run around. i was sold a USED item as if it was BRAND NEW! Not cool frys. I will be back to return it so you can sell it again!
2	Went inside to buy a few things and as soon as I walked in, one of the managers standing around talking to coworkers see's me waiting and then ignores me. Looking for a few things, a lot of people didn't seem too interested in helping me and at one point, walked around the whole store 3 times from the wrong directions they were giving me. I give additional one star for the couple of people who seemed to care about service and knew what they were talking about.
2	Price matching to online stores IS advertised in the store but as soon as you bring it up, they start with the bad attitudes and make you walk all over the store to deal with multiple employees. It was worth it for me price matching to Amazon and saving more than $50 on a $140 though.
1	Visit Frys often and yes there is a lot of people who stand round and wait for that perfect commission sale.  They tell you they will match Amazon.com but fail to specify that they will only match certain stores usually having to be shipped and sold by amazon.com.  They also wont tell you that you will have to pay for shipping charges and of course taxes if they apply. You can forget customer service!  If you're lucky you will get a new guy with some enthusiasm to share his tech knowledge with you if he even has any.They don't seem to hire people of any great quality or knowledge.Way to many Filipinos who barely understand English, let alone you understand them.Products you will find dusty and usually miss marked or put in the wrong place, dusty etc...  Managers walk around in suits and don't seem to be very helpful while standing behind their computer screens all day.God forbid you loose your receipt its a major crime at the returns counter.Store managers can't seem to make a decision to get you a solution to a problem that is usually Frys fault to begin with cause we have bought our fare share of "open box" products. We had no idea it was used cause the cute little orange stickers they usually use seem to not have been on some items.They may have 60 something registers but keep open like 5 haha... The lines are short but you will wait a while till one opens up for you.Great store but way to big, way to many useless people being probably underpaid and not enough customer service that is actually useful NOT annoying.If you shop there, beware!
5	YOUR BEST BUYS, ARE ALWAYS AT FRYS, GUARANTEED!!! When you need anything to do with electronics Frys is the place to go.  I was in need of a headphone splitter so my wife and I could both listen to a Vince Flynn Audio Book on the plane ride home to San Francisco.Upon entering the store I turned around a couple of times to get my bearings and I quickly saw an employee and asked him where I would find a splitter.  He quickly walked me over to where I needed to be found what I was looking for and actually took the time to open up the packaging to make sure it was exactly what I needed.  THAT'S WHAT I CALL CUSTOMER SERVICE!
4	This store is HUGE! I spent an hour in it and could've spent more time. They have so much stuff. It seems they have a wide variety of things, but not a huge selection to choose from regarding certain items- so if you are looking for something specific, they'll have it, but you might be limited to the choices of models you can buy. For example, if you want a washing machine, they'll have it, but not as many models to choose from as maybe another store that sells appliances. I liked the prices though. The check out system was very slow when I was there. They did have a GREAT selection of DVD movies-very vast!!
3	I go into Fry's usually knowing what we want and don't need much help. I've heard complaints of many people saying most staff is rude and useless, but we haven't had that trouble yet. No above and beyond service, but getting basic questions have been fine. The biggest reason why I am a fan is that they pricematch. We are good at this and like getting big stores to their bottom line. We do this with Guitar Center too. Bring in any kind of price from legit online stores (like Amazon) and then they'll check it, print you out a paper you can bring to the register to get the price match price. No need to ship... or wait. We're sometimes real impulsive and kid like, it needs to be today. And with how large this place is it'll most likely have what I'm looking for. The reason why I can't quite say I'm a fan is that it's far from me (though not their fault), and the service could be better. Otherwise, if I have a electronic purchase I can sucker them down on through pricematching - you bet I'll be here.
4	good place to find electronics etc
1	On March 27, 2013, I went to Fry's to return a Swann video surveillance package which I had purchased last week using my debit card and another Visa credit card (split tender).  I decided not to have the system installed after consultation with their technicians. I had paid for the system $379.00 and for the anticipated installation  and labor charge $279.00. When I returned the product the clerk told me the manager had to approve the return of the installation & labor of $279.00. I told him no work was ever done and the product was never taken out of the box. I told him if I did not get my full refund I would call the police. He reluctantly processed my refund and the manager approved it. He told me that it would take 4 to 5 business days to see the refund in my accounts. I told him I should be refunded the debit portion in cash but the rep said all refund transactions are done this way. What about if u purchased products with cash ? I would NEVER enter a FRY's again. Go to Best Buy ! Never had a return problem there and they refund in cash if u paid in cash !!!
4	Fry's Electronics can be a bit overwhelming.  This place is huge, it's loud, it's crowded, and if you have an issue with anxiety then this place should be avoided.  But if you love your electronics, Fry's is one of the better stops in Las Vegas.  I admit, I'm a Best Buy fan.  But I also know a deal when I see it.  I also know what great service is.  Fry's is better with both of these aspects.You can't miss this Fry's, which is located in Town Square.  You can see this place right off the freeway with the stereotypical Las Vegas giant slot machine at the front entrance.  Inside, you'll find anything and everything related to electronics, appliances, books, DVD's, and even some office furniture.  For me, service has always been great.  You can't walk a single aisle without spotting at least one employee willing help.  And did I mention price?  Prices here are pretty good too. Two years ago, I got my 57'' and 40" TV's for less than $2,000 here.  That's a deal in my opinion.  My only issue with Fry's is that their protection plans are expensive compared to Best Buy.  PS:  In the center of Fry's is their cafe. You'll find sandwiches, refreshments, snacks, and some pastries there.  There's enough food to tie you over and the spot is big enough to relax.  This is just another perk that Best Buy doesn't have.
5	So much !  Love that we have a Fry's in Las Vegas...  The only tip I can give people is never buy a product from Frys with a White LAbel.... Besides that best place to find anything Electronic in town!
1	Used o live Frys. Over the past few years, we've bought cameras, office supplies ad in July 2011, my hubby decided he had to have a 3d TV.  Found a Sharp he liked at Frys. Bought it and let them sell him an extended warranty.Three weeks go, we noticed a bright blue line going vertically up he TV.  Calling the customer service number got the run around for a week.  They kept telling the hubby that someone would call back.Last week we finally went into the store.  First service rep we spoke with couldn't tell us why no one was retuning calls. Manager came over because she saw I was filming this. After she let me know they don't allow filming or photos inside, she said their customer service calls go to a call center in Santa Rosa, CA.  Guess that's better than out-sourcing overseas but it results in pathetic customer service.  Finally one of the in-store workers got someone at " Corporate" to say they could schedule one of the local contractors to come out and take. A look.When the locals cme out, they said it was a main panel & would probably be cheaper to replace but we'd have to wait to hear from Frys warranty.  They also suggested we call them if we didn't hear in a couple of days, we didn't hear so hubby started trying to call again.  Got nowhere. So he went o the store this afternoon.  Had to wait in line 45 mins.  The in store customer service guy has to call the extended warranty folks.  He was put on hold for ten minutes. Then he was finall told they would be calling us.  No idea when or what they are proposing to replace the TV with.  I've been tweeting about their lousy customer service with no response.  Now I'm sharing on yelp.  Trust me, if you want a dependable product with a reliable warranty, run away from Frys. Frys has the worst customer service ever. I give them 1 star because yelp doesn't let me give them minus one.
1	In July 2011, the hubby bought a 3D Sharp TV at Frys.  We don't usually go for the extended warranty but on a purchase of this price range, he let agreed to the extended warranty.  I would say it's a good thing we did because a few weeks ago our TV decided to have a bright blue vertical line in the picture.  Tried calling the customer service number at Frys for the warranty for a week.  When he did speak with someone he was told that someone would have to be getting back to him.  They never did.  He finally went to Frys in person.  First speaking to one of the folks at the returns desk.  I took a little video of her shrugging her shoulders and saying she didn't know why no one had called back before a manager came over and said "no photo or video is allowed".  The manager went on to say that the customer service calls were all routed to a call center in Santa Rosa.Well, obviously the call center in Santa Rosa is a dead end zone.  The in store customer service guy was able to get someone on the phone who did schedule one of their local contractors to come out and evaluate the TV.  The guys who came out seemed experienced and said the problem is the main board.  Too bad the customer service folks at Frys aren't as good as their independent contractors.  After hearing nothing for a few days, we got in touch with the contractors.  They said Frys had denied the repairs because it would be cheaper to replace the TV.  So we began trying to find out when and how they're going to replace it.  We cannot get anyone to communicate with us regarding this issue.  Yesterday when the hubby stopped by the store, the customer service guy was put on hold for ten minutes and finally someone got back to him that they would be in touch with us.This is the WORST customer service I have ever seen.  Trust me, do not shop at FRYS Electronics for any big ticket items.  I would not give them even one star if Yelp would allow it.  The final insult is they sell their extended warranties based on the idea that if something breaks down they'll fix it there and/or bring it in and get it replaced.  What a joke!
4	Brighter, cleaner and more organized than the one in City of Industry, this one has a little cafe on site. The employees seem to be more friendly, happy and helpful. I love the huge black and white pictures of old Las Vegas giving us customers especially visitors a blast into the historical past. Love it! Wish I had more time to walk around in leisure to check out their stuff. Only thing is I couldn't snag a picture as it wasn't allowed in there.
4	This is the grand daddy of all electronics stores thus far.It very well maybe larger than your average super stores & the deals are twice as phenomenal. It is packed with all things that u plug in...if you love best buy then this is gonna wow your socks off. We don't have one of these down south it's so unfair. I give it four stars total. The staff are ok not all that great they don't know where anything is. But if your not busy and u walk each and every isle you will find some pretty neat items.
1	I guess they have a lot of stuff, but the shelves are often disorganized, and the staff is pretty much worthless.  three clerks sent me from one end of the store to another searching for a simple iPhone dock with speakers, and in one sectino another clerk "assisted" me by reading me the prices posted on the shelves.  Wow, thanks!I finally left when one of the clerks told me, "you should probably check out Amazon."  That was the best assistnace I got at Fry's.5/15/13A quick update.  I went to Best Buy today, and wtihin about 15 minutes got everything I needed thanks to a floorperson who actually knew something about the merchandise and didn't just tell me I should try Amazon.  I've heard plenty of bad stuff about BB, but they sure kicked Fry's butt this time around...
5	I love this store but they need more out the valley they only have one in Las Vegas why is that. Need More
1	The Salesmen at first did not want to assist me and my employee.  After we finally got someone's attention, they refused to acknowledge that I (a woman) was the decision maker and would only address my employee (a male).  When I got back to the office, the Salesman called me because he was arguing with another employee over who should get the commisssion from the sale.  Again, he asked to talk to my employee instead of me.  The first PC we got was broken so my partner (a male) went to the store.  They built us a PC that no longer works - we got it last Thursday.Do not shop here.
2	The customer service was awful in components! The salesperson shows me the item but walks away and answers me while he is still walking away. I guess if you're not building a high computer they don't care to help. Two stars because the selection is excellent. I will just be patient and order from tiger direct or Amazon.
1	Always on the Understocked and Overpriced side with indifferent (unless you purchase very expensive items) service. Caters mostly to Tourists who find items unavailable in their local market. Usually you can find items cheaper at Amazon or even Frys own website - where items are actually in stock and they know you can just as quickly and with far less hassle (and usually lower prices) purchase from Amazon.
4	Oh, Fry's. Your weekly circulars have been teasing me for years. Always great deals....for store pickup items. Well, now I'm in driving range and I'm coming to get some goodies. Pros:-Seriously good weekly deals-Many check-out lines-Cafe to send your gf to get coffee while you add more items to your cart-Staff is helpful if you know what your looking for or have a flyer-One-stop shop for tools, wires, mousepads, paper, etc. -Plenty of parking. Came here on a Sat and there was plenty of room.Cons:-Store is HUGE-It's filled with 50% awesome, 50% crap-There are birds flying around inside. Not a joke.-They have so much stuff you can't come in and say 'I'm looking for a speaker I saw on sale online' and ever expect to find that speaker. There are many of em. Ultimately, you can find everything you're looking for and more here. Do it.
4	This place is right next door to Town Square. I enjoy visiting Frys because they always have various items at competitive prices. They have everything from PCs, televisions, video games, books, movies, games, etc. Frys is always a great place for the nerds at heart.
4	Love this store. Waiting for the much talked about west side store, but in the meantime, this location is sufficient. Not the best access, always seems so damn crowded but once you're in...you're in. Usually have had good service, help that is, with finding what you need. Non commissioned sales people, no pressure, it's all good. Plus, once you're done, you can hit Town Square right across the street!
5	I was always a best buy customer... until I found this store!This place is much larger than a Best Buy and puts their name to the test... Fry's has the better buys.  They have everything from PCs/Macs, televisions, video games, books, movies, games, washers, refrigerators, home/car audio etc.There are insane weakly deals and if you are looking to build a computer this is the spot!  There are a million employees here (mostly Asian, not that I care - maybe it's because I'm always in the computer section lol)  that will gladly help you find what you are looking for and usually are very knowledgeable in their respected departments.  There are a ton of check out lines, and also a place to purchase food/coffee and rest and eat in the middle of the store.  You can get lost in here for hours and save a lot of money if you are a bargain shopper!Town Square/Las Vegas strip is also right next door!4/5 stars for being the Wal-Mart of Best Buy and maintaining MOST it's quality!
1	Let me start off by saying, I WILL NEVER SHOP AT ANY FRY'S ELECTRONICS ANYWHERE EVER!This Fry's is the most deceptive bunch of people ever! They lied to my face about my warranty. They told me it covered accidental. I asked the salesperson 'so it covers everything?' He says 'everything but water damage'. Well the LCD got cracked and loe and behold its not covered. And since its messed up it cancels the rest of my warranty until its fixed!  This place will NEVER get my business and I will do everything in my power to deter people I know from ever going here. Absolutely disgusting customer service!
4	A huge store with a decent selection, however that selection has been slimming down over the last year or so. They have very competitive prices and even match internet prices. Finding a sales person that wants to help is sometimes a bit difficult but they do have some very knowledgeable staff. While this place isn't perfect it is by far the best electronics retailer we have in Las Vegas.
1	Worse place in Las Vegas for product, quality, availability or customer service. DO NOT ever loose your receipt if you think you might need to return something and even then WITH a receipt they give you a colonoscopy at the customer service/return desk.  We had to return something we bought as a "mark Down" because of supposed open package, it was an electronic door knob, but had been returned not just opened, when my husband plugged it in, got a huge shock, not dangerous, but annoying!   And it burned out the door knob and their lady manager made a face at us like we were "STUPID"  yes, Stupid for buying your mark down bull crap.(BTW He is AN Electronics guy, so he knew what he was doing)  Bought a computer here, big mistake, crashed the day after I bought it, said it wasn't the hard drive, it was soft ware, and they could re install for $$, say what now?  And I bought the warranty, that was a waste of $200.00This store is a mess, I don't think the white shirts know how to zone, let a lone clean this filthy place.  Or re stock the shelves, which are 50 percent empty at any given time, seems to me they are getting in just enough stock not to go under, but not getting enough stock to actually make good sales, we leave here every time disappointed that we couldn't buy an item we were looking for. Haven't seen anything new or great in the way of electronic in this store in a year, too sad that the people who own it could make this an awesome electronic store, I'll buy online from Woot or Tiger if I really  need good quality, good priced items, you guys loose a sale every time from me.  Very rarely go anymore, always disappointed with lack of purchases when we do.
2	Fry's gets two stars from me due to a very bad experience I had with them. Sure, they have everything as far as electronics go but their customer service and store policies leave a lot to be desired.I bought a macbook battery that wouldn't hold a charge from this fry's and made a trip to the store to have a receipt printed so I could take it to the Apple Store and have it replaced. The employee told me that I would have to write to corporate to have the receipt printed even though the employee was looking up the information on the computer in the store. I explained that I was very sick due to cancer treatments to no avail. I was confused as to why Fry's collected all of my information on their in store computer, but was unwilling to reprint a receipt to show Apple the date of purchase.Luckily, I took it to Apple and they were kind enough to replace it anyway. As for Fry's, I called corporate but they didn't want to take action until I posted on their Facebook page. Revise your red tape policies!
3	Hmm, I was certain I had written a review for Fry's before, but I guess not. This is not the type of place I frequent and I always seem to have hit or miss experiences when I'm here. I usually either know exactly what I'm looking for and am in and out in no time or I'm looking for gifts and I wander the aisles aimlessly hoping to be struck with inspiration. Service is always so-so. Sometimes I come across someone who is extremely helpful, but usually I just fend for myself. They have good deals, but always avoid anything that is open box. Trust me, it's cheaper for a reason and you'll just end up returning it anyway. The line is a minefield of snacks and treats. Just look forward when checking out. I never do and always end up with peach rings or peanuttles.
4	Fry's Electronics has everything i need to build a computer. Prices are a little higher than ordering online but that's expected. The selection here is far better than any local electronics store.People have been saying the service here is a bit on the low side. But everyone i talk to is helpful at the least. I've had those "fast to answer" types of employees but they definitely help me out in the very least. Besides, if I make my drive down to Fry's as i'm sure for most that live in Vegas it'll be a drive, i'll always do my research in what exactly I need. I'll be in and then out within 30 minutes, considering i like to take a look around at the products.I've built mutliple computers with all parts coming from Fry's electronics, all fully working and still operational. Some people say Fry's electronics does just that, it fries. But it never happened to me.Location is a bit far from me, prices are good, cheaper than best buy, big selection, helpful staff (my experiences). I leave happy.
3	The best thing about Fry's is its huge selection of electronic goods.The worst thing about this Fry's is their customer service.Don't get me wrong.  There are several Fry's employees who are willing to help you out on the actual salesfloor; however, the manager and the "customer service" team are seriously below average.   If you ever buy a warranty from these people, just pray that you'll never have to use it.  The whole customer service routine takes about an hour from the moment that you walk into their doors to the moment where they finally register your camera for repairing.  On top of that, the manager gives off this arrogant sort of aura.   Ugh.  I get that customer service is tough due to the high volume of cranky customers on a daily basis, but come on...Anyway, Fry's is great for computers, video games, appliances, etc.  Just don't expect to get some top-tier customer service.
1	This place has extremely bad customer service.  I've been here a few times and there are always many employees on the sales floor, but the vast majority act like you are troubling them if you ask for assistance.  I really hate this place.
4	I gave frys four stars because they have an amazing selection of electronics. However I would not even give their customer service one star. These people work on commission and they will lie directly to your face. Things are often incorrectly priced and on multiple occasions I have been charged more when I got to the register. Mind you I'm not talking about them being in the wrong spot. They were actually misrepresenting the prices of many of the items. If you buy something from the store,buy it knowing that you will probably not be able to return it if anything happens. They do have a exchange policy on most of their items however they almost never honor it. Don't ask for help from any of the employees. If you really need to know about a product that you are considering purchasing then just do some quick research on your phone before asking anybody. Remember these people work on commission so they will not sell you the best product for you they will sell you the product that makes them the most money. Take great warning if you are looking to purchase a camera. Don't even bother talking to the girls in that section. They are worse then car dealers. They will literally try to sweet talk you into buying a more expensive camera. The television section however has always been very informative. Remember it's up to you to decide what is best for your needs. The computer section is a complete joke. I have actually had one of the employees tell me that the price on the computer was the price of the computer last week and that the current price was nearly $300 more. They will constantly harass you about letting them scan your item so that they can give you a piece of paper with their name on it for you to bring to the register. I'm assuming they do this so that they can collect the commission. Overall I really do love the store because of their amazing selection and atmosphere however you're really going to want to do the research on your own before you try to buy anything!
5	Was here Thu/26 Sep about 8 pm with my buddy:- I shop at both but Fry's is better than Best Buy for selection and pricing.- Noticed a sign above some Blu-rays that said "we match internet prices," which is nice (though still subject to 8.1% sales tax that Amazon.com currently doesn't charge).
1	Was there on 10/1 with a friend from England. Four employees stood around and when asked for assistance they wouldn't even check their inventory, they found it better to ignore our request and continue BSing. I complained to the assistant manager, she handed me a pamphlet and said "email the CEO". I will never shop there again.
3	The shopping experience was just ok.
1	I have purchased a home security system, back up battery charger and recently a security camera.  All of which did not work and had to be returned.  Each time I have had to return something, I have been given not only horrible but  just down right rude "customer service".  When I wrote to Frys Corp. Office, they forwarded my email to the store who said they would help me and ended up giving me an even worse product with (hard to imagine) even worse "customer service".  The "manager" at this store is a joke and doesn't know crap from apple butter. The employees are rude and only care about collecting that paycheck.  If they can't run you to a nearby scanner where they can get "credit for the sale" , you're left to figure it out on your own.  I will never go to Frys again.  They clearly don't care about their image as seen by their lack of customer service.
4	Yep I like the tech gadgets, and this is the place to shop. Staff is friendly and helpful, and most times will not just direct you where to go but take you where you need to be. The line moves pretty quick here and we never have to wait long.
3	I really, really wanted to like it because it was pretty cool inside. The exterior itself was awesome as well (looking like a jukebox).Well, this is for the camera department. I was looking for a rep for quite some time. I walked around trying to look for someone but there was no one available. I had to borrow a girl from another department who looked busy on the computer. I asked her about accessories for the GoPro and apparently Fry's doesn't even carry the GoPro!! As an electronic store, I thought Fry's would carry the popular GoPro. I searched many stores for accessories because the Hawaii stores aren't stocked with much GoPro accessories. I was so disappointed that 1) there was no worker available and 2) they didn't even carry the GoPro. :(
3	Positives:+ Great selection in electronics+ Low pricesNegatives:- Customer service- Some departments are very unorganized and messyThis place is HUGE. It's pretty much the biggest electronics store I've ever been in. They have lots of things you can't find at major retailers, especially for computers. Fry's is GREAT for accessories and they usually have cheap off-brand stuff that's easily 40-50% competitors. The sad thing is that I've walked around for a good 25 minutes trying to get someones attention for help. This place is decent if you're going in and you know what you are purchasing.
1	The only reason to go here is if you know EXACTLY what you want and don't need any help - employees tend to congregate in groups talking about everything except for how to help the customers.  While you can find a wide variety of computer building stuff, everything else here (tv's, phones, ipods and Macs, sound systems, etc) can be found at other retailers with competitive prices and employees who can actually help you.  Forget about them standing behind their product... I've had two separate incidents where they would not stand behind what the sold: #1: A PC I bought here crashed two (2) days after the warranty expired.  Would they help?  NO!#2: I bought a set of headphones that were repackaged.  Of course I was not aware it was missing numerous components until I got home and opened the headphones.  The store is and hour out of my way (that's two hours in total).  I want compensation for wasting my time.  My time is important and expensive, yet they don't care.  They repackaged the headphones and lied about everything being included.  What did they offer me as additional compensation?  10% off my next headphone purchase... Seriously!  WTF are these guys thinking?  Who does Fry's stay in business operating like this?  If I operated this way, I'd be out of business in a heartbeat.  Don't waste your time with the sh!thole.  They don't care about the customer.  Save yourself money, frustration, and time by going to Best Buy, Costco, or Amazon.  Eff Fry's!
1	I have never seen more useless customer service people in my life. If you work at an electronics store dont you think you ought to know the difference between a phone and a tablet? Or where the hdmi cables are?Also i had no less than FOUR salesmen NOT help me, then try to write up my ticket so theyd get their commission. If even ONE of them had helped me Idve been glad to give them a commission.  But no one did. Guess what? I left the "write up sheet" in an aisle somewhere. Note to salesmen: dont be pushy or youll get no commission AT ALL. What REALLY set me off was the cashier who told me Id get a rebate but then didnt bother to tell me i needed a rebate slip, which you need to print out AT THE STORE, WITH YOUR RECEIPT. so if i hadnt noticed this on my rebate receipt, I'd've been SOL. What a scam! It'll be a cold day in hell before i go back to this store. Really. Get your act together people!
4	The store is awesome they have anything that you are looking for only down side is they are expensive.
1	yes it huge and yes it has lots of stuff,it would be nice if the stuff worked and it never does. I see keyboards with return tags back on the floor and tons of stuff just taped up.I bought my son a wireless keyboard and mouse,had to return the first on now i have to return the second one.And we u try to get some answers from people no one is around to help.I wont waste my time here anymore ill go to bestbuy or office depot for what i need.
2	If you know what you need and where to find it, Fry's is good place to go.If you need a place where you can buy hardcore porn AND a George Foreman grill in one stop, this is your place, If, however, you need someone to help you find a good, inexpensive solution for your computing needs, this is not the place for you. Customer "service" is a joke. If the computer guy can't sell you on a $70 item for commission, he has no interest in helping you decide which would be the best $15 alternative, In fact, you're likely to get petulant attitude about it. Unfortunately, these are the only visible employees on the floor.For my money when it comes to basic things like cables, routers etc, I'd rather stick to Best Buy. They don't work on commission and are happy to tell me if I can get away with a generic alternative without compromising quality.Fry's does have a KILLER movie section though...
5	Most computer parts I buy form here work just fine, and the few that don't I have no trouble getting replacements for. They're pretty efficient at price matching and I got a lot of compenents for cheaper than buying off the internet.Also bought a washer/dryer and fridge from here awhile back. The lady that helped us was great in making sure that we got what we wanted and cooperated with us and our multiple reschedules, haha. They also work great and got a way better price on them then at any other store in the valley.
2	Meh. I always thought having a Fry's store would be cool but after moving to Vegas and going to this place a few times I'm seriously not impressed. The staff is a joke, they hire new people every week... no one knows where stuff is or will walk you to the product and tell you something about it. Thank goodness they match Internet prices... the only saving grace. Use Amazon Prime instead.
1	This is by far the worst customer service place in the country. Good selection but sometimes I'll rather pay more elsewhere to avoid the employees there
4	I visit this store often because it has just what I need. Tons of cashiers who help get you in and out without a head ake! Staff who are educated in their special department. And nice sells. I swear I'm at this location at least once per week.
1	This location needs to work on their horrible customer service. Staff isn't friendly or helpful. Associates don't know how to multi-task efficiently enough to assist more than one customer at a time.. This store price matches, that's the only thing I like..
1	They need to change their name from "Fry's" to "Indoor Garage Sale".  Do they actually sell new items here??? Couldn't find any!Needed a USB cable. All 3 of them on the shelf had been previously opened and scotch taped closed by either Michael J. Fox or Ray Charles!Never again!!!
1	They need to hire experienced sales rep who are mature enough to handle questions and sales.....I can't stand the sales reps here all have attitudes like they are to good to answer your questions. And the behind the back talking is so unprofessional.....I rather spend a little extra at best buy they are way nicer and help you all the way......This place is now a joke to me....
3	Fry's Electronics is a great store that offers the only option I know of in Las Vegas for custom PC parts. I come here for my PC build options and they usually have tons of options on parts both new and old. They have many sections of store ranging from movies, books, gadgets, computers, parts, appliances, stereo equipment, and televisions. One of the biggest complaints I have is many times the product has been opened as is missing parts. I went in and bought a new AMD 8 Core processor and they get it from a locked room that is delivered it to you at purchase. I got out into the car and noticed that the seal was cracked on the box. After opening the processor, I noticed someone must have returned it and they resold it as new. The stickers were missing and worse of all the heat flux was already applied and wiped clean from the processor. One of the many pins on the back were bent and of course I was not going to use this. I brought the processor back and they didn't question the return. Who knows if they placed it back in sale rotation. You will notice some product open and others product with slightly lower prices with "opened merchandise" price tags. This store is great as long as you pay attention and unfortunately its the only option in Las Vegas for your PC needs. The place is 100x better than Bestbuy which isn't really saying much.
1	The Customer Service personnel are awful. You literally have to chase after them to get some help. They all stand around talking with each other, and ignore the customers. I went there to purchase a dishwasher and a refrigerator, but ended up leaving with out purchasing anything due to their useless employees / customer service. I now purchase my appliances at Lowe's or Sears where they actually acknowledge their customers.
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE! No one asks you if they can assist you and if you do go up to someone, they don't offer to help you or even walk you in the direction of where you need to go. They'll just tell you the aisle without a smile or any kind words. I will never ever shop here again.
1	My wife and I have been thinking about buying a new computer for about 2 years. We've been putting it off and out lap top was working fine enough. Well we got up today and said "fuck it, we have the money we are both off work and have done some research on what we need, let's go get one." So we went to frys. We know they match prices, and we needed a scanner and other stuff so this seemed like the place.. Nope.. Not only would they not match the other prices we found. Which, whatever. But they were not helpful at all. Could not  answer our  questions.. For the money I was about to spend I want some customer service, answers answered and I want to feel good about my purchase.. We left and went to apple.... The best thing we could have done... I will just buy off amazon before going back to frys...
1	Store is not disability friendly. Very big store was not able to look at anything because they do not offer carts for handicap people. Computer techs are rude. Maybe it was because we didn't look like we have money. But that's ok cause we going shopping here at Town Square and I will get my electronics from Best Buy.
3	Fry's Is a gigantic store but you can pretty much find anything. They have some excellent prices on many of the accessories you need for electronics.  It is very overwhelming but you can usually find what you need.  Beware of asking someone for help though.  We were looking for an item which wasn't very expensive.  The 'sales' guy then said he had to print out a paper for us to take to the front registers.  This happened several times with three different salesman on only one shopping visit.  Please don't waste my time while I wait for you to print out your silly form when I really don't need it.  It was very bothersome.  That in itself keeps me from going here very often.  But if I know what I need and where to find it, I don't have an issue running in here quick.  To summarize- great prices and avoid salesman!
3	This is a super spacious Fry's where the aisle don't go up 8 feet tall with tons of stuff. The aisle are maybe 4 feet tall and everything's within arm's length. First time I ever came in here years ago, this place was the best Fry's I've ever been to. Since then it's still a really nice Fry's but I've been to some better ones. A lot of the display stuff is not kept well and may even be broken!
2	What a BEAUTIFUL and HUGE store!  Very well maintained and clean.  Lots of great stuff and low prices. Nice cafe' in the middle of the store.  Big parking lot with ample spaces.  Speedy checkout.With all these benefits, their black hole of customer service made me swear I will never spend a nickel in this store in the future.For a trade show at Mandalay Bay, I came here twice to pick up a few items.  After roaming around an area where I thought I'd find them, I walked over to Customer Service and asked where they would be and was given a blank stare.  She told me that there should be a sales rep in the area so I should ask him.  I found no one in the "Computer Components" area, walked to the TV area, found 2 sales reps talking.  I waited for them to stop or acknowledge that I was there.  One of them, looking a bit poopy, told me to look in "Computer Components".  Really?  Did he know what aisle, specifically?  No.  So, I went back and searched high and low on each shelf in the general area and finally found what I was seeking. My second trip, I came in and looked in the "Office" area for an item.  It appeared that they had a spot for the merchandise, but there were none on the shelf.  Again, I searched in the immediate area for a sales rep and found no one.  Walked over to where the DVDs were and found a sales person.  I asked if they had the item perhaps in stock but not out on the shelf.  He sighed, rolled his eyes, and said he had no idea and really didn't know much about the "Office" section, but I should go over there and ask someone there who would know and could check.  No one there.  No one at the Customer Service desk.  Walked out.I've never had great experience with customer service or sales people at Fry's, but this store was downright insulting.  I feel generous giving 2 stars.
1	I just went to Fry's to purchase a TV stand. The service is horrible. I ended up purchasing one that the sales girl told me was very heavy as she pushed the cart up to me. She had one of her co-workers print a invoice so that the cashier would not have to take it from the cart cause of how heavy it was. I got no offers to help me get it into my car. I did see a young man carry a a bag out for someone while I was trying to get into my car I called out to him but he ignored me. Finally a nice young man offer to help me. I told him just put it back into the cart cause I was not going to give this company any of my money. Even the manager on duty did not even care when I returned it. They all need to go to customer service classes...
3	Good service, we were asked at least half a dozen times if we needed help. Though they didn't have what we needed. It's a decent sized store, some areas a little messier than other. Was looking at the laptop cases area and all the brands were mixed up and in disarray.
5	good place..went to the frys and got a flier for software..worked out really good..onionmuffin.com to get windows 7 ultimate for 35 to 40 dollars
5	Frys is awesome everywhere and this one is no exception! They always have good prices and the employees are very knowledgeable and they carry just about anything electronicy that you can think of. This one has a cool slot machine on the sign, yay Vegas. :)
4	Super-helpful sales people, great service, but can sometimes offer a limited selection. Great place to go if you can be flexible with what you're looking for!
3	This place is huge. This place has a lot of employees. This place has a lot of employees that won't help you unless you are going to help their commission. However, I have been lucky and on my last visit, even though I was purchasing a very small and very inexpensive TV I was catered by a gentleman that treated me like any customer would want to be treated. I only wished I remembered his name now. They match Internet pricing but be careful with price matching with Amazon. I have had them try to be tricky and say that can't match prices because it is not sold by amazon, just listed on amazon. Trickery, I tell you.On a bright note, they almost always have what I want or need.
1	Yes, their prices are definitely reasonable, and their warranties on re-built items are as good as if the item was brand-new, but their customer service is lacking, and even though they have more than adequate handicapped parking spots, they have NO ELECTRIC SCOOTERS for those of us who are physically challenged by the infirmities of old age.Their lack of compassion for the handicapped and the elderly among us, is one reason why I cannot recommend them, ever.
2	I had to get my computer fix there I thought it was a harddrivw issue.  But when they did a diagnostic.  They said it was not a hard drive issue. That it might be software issue. And they said that it has a virus. Which is a malaware. So I paid for a diagnostic.  And to clean my computer. This is the reason I give it to stars. They didnt really clean my computer that good I ask the guy if they clean my computer and they said yes but they didnt clean my computer really good. When the sales person left a message on my phone staing my computer was done coudent really understand him. He told me what was wrong. But coudent understand him. When I went to pick up my computer they didnt tell me everything what the guy told me on the phone.  Everybody should be in the same paige. If the person is looking at notes the computer.  Make sure its the same that the guy that call me said dont just say I dont know.
2	I am so disgusted that there was a used condom on the ground at the entrance. Even after telling a store associate, it was still on the ground before I left.
1	Service sucks.  Their phone system is ridiculous.  You call them and you get a call center in California.  You go to the store and all the reps are standing there rubbing each others gooch with a feather.  Service is great of you're going to make a big purchase.  If you're just looking around they will ignore you.  Commission sales environment.
1	Oh good lord. After standing in the middle of the  cell phone dept for 5 min and being ignored by at least 4 associates I finally got a gal to acknowledge my existence. And the other 4? One wa on his cell phone texting then walked off to high five his buddies, the others saw me and walked around me. Ummm pretty sure I'm not hideous or anything like that. I've never been treated like that in a place. Anyways. Gal was super helpful and checked on the exchange policy and stock levels. I knew exactly what I wanted so it should have been an easy sell. Then they told me that they required a credit card for verification. This was from the guy who walked around me twice to avoid helping me. At this point I was so irritated I left.
1	Place is huge, price is fair, has just about everything related to electronics.... on that note... CUSTOMER SERVICE IS HORRIBLE!!Me went to look for TV few months ago, was early in the morning like 8-9am... walked past the counter of about 5 employees huddled around a desk, talking to each other having a grand ol' time! They don't even acknowledge your presence when you look all of them straight in the eye (i usually smile and say hi when I look at people... but I just smiled and kept walking since they didn't seem to care)So I was walking around look for a TV, found one, but didn't have a cart, luckily an employee with a cart walked by... "excuse me, can I borrow that cart, I would like to get this TV"employee #1 - "sorry I have to use this one..."hmmm... okay.... at this point i was pretty pissed off already at all of the people there... so I walked all the way to the front of the store... grabbed the damn cart myself... loaded the TV into the cart... and checked out...I made a complaint to the manager of the store when I got home, basically addressed the "lack of customer service" and how all the employees just like to chit-chat with each other and ignore customers.... all she said was okay, i will address it with that department...Piss-poor customer service.... I think I get better service at Walmart!Anyways... bottom line is... they have a ton of stuff, decent price.... they have a TON of EMPLOYEES that don't know anything about CUSTOMER SERVICE.(To be fair... other times when I do get help, there are decent employees.. but very few)
1	Bought a faulty computer with them. Not blaming them for that issue. Started yesterday when I bought the computer. Only thing the sales associate seemed to know is how to ask me a dozen times if I wanted the extended service protection plan. Got 5% off a floor model I was buying had to walk to the service desk to get the discount taken off before we could go to the cashier. At the cashier I used a split payment and my money had to be looked at by a manager. Not looking promising for a cash handler who can't look for counterfeit bills. Was not informed that if I did have a return over a certain amount I would have to wait for a check in the mail. So today I returned the computer for the manufacture issue. I waited in the return line about 10 minutes. Then I'm told I have to get a sheet from a person who wasn't at the entrance. Then after getting the piece if paper I have to go over to the service department so they can make sure I didn't steal or swap anything. Now I'm back at the return desk having to wait another 20 minutes to be seen after I already waited in this line. Well as the return starts this is when I'm informed anything over $500 has to be given as a check that will be mailed to me. I ask if they could refund everything back to my card first. They can't off course. When I ask why no answers. They look at me like I'm the retarded one. After getting aggravated over the fact they can't credit my card first and then give me the balance I accept and ask how long I have to wait for MY MONEY, I'm told I have to wait 7-10 days. Working the the service industry I ask is that 7-10 days or business days. Says business days. So something I bought yesterday in cash is making me wait two weeks to get my money back for a faulty product. So if you need to buy stuff from them keep it under $500 otherwise your waiting for your money to come to you but they will gladly take your money in seconds. Won't be coming back here. Only doing my computer shopping online. I'd rather wait for my products than my money when there is a problem!
4	When will Vegas get the second Fry's that I read was supposed to be coming?  This one gets SO crowded on some Saturdays (when there are extra-good stuff in the weekend ad).  You end up parking like 1/2 a mile away and walking in the sun (July) or cold (February) to the front of the store only to find there are 60 people in line when you go up to pay.  So why do it?  Where else can you get computer parts these days?  And when notebooks and accessories go on sale for 30% off of the sale prices of other technology retailers, you don't mind the lines and the trek to and from your car so much.  But a second Vegas location would really help.
4	This is a superstore for any electronic device or part you could possibly want. Need something for a computer build and don't feel like waiting? Fry's has got you covered and they also price match so you can tell what website you were going to buy from and they'll pull it up and lower their price to match. Have never been dissatisfied with any of the service I've ever received either.
1	Waste of time.  They don't have high end items they advertise at low cost but have cheap stuff at a high price. Better off with Amazon or Best Buy.
1	Just like my fellow yelper, I too had purchased a warranty for $99.00. For some reason 6 months later the TV would turn but no picture. I called FRY's and they transferred me to the warranty department. I was told that someone would come to my home to fix it. In a few days 2 technicians from an LG approved company (no Frys) came and took 2 min. to let me know that I needed a new panel. They said they would be back next week to fix it. Three weeks go by, no call, no show. I called the company back and asked for status. They told me that Fry's denied the claim. They said I should call Fry's for more information.I called Fry's and they said they denied it because it was too expensive to purchase the new panel. I asked then why did I purchase this warranty for if it doesn't do me any good? They transferred me to a manager, Gabriel. He said I could exchange it. I told him I didn't want to do that because it's not a regular TV. Its an LG EZ Sign TV. He said he would check on it and that he or someone else would get back to me. It's been 3 days. No call from anyone. I won't be holding my breath. I'm still patiently waiting. If I don't get a call tomorrow. I'm going to have to call back. What I don't understand is, why do they give us customers some pressure to purchase these warranties if somehow they try to wheezle out of the commitment. I will follow up with you on the outcome.
5	Bed Bath & Beyond for Boys! If ya got a little bit o' geek in ya, this place is fun! They've also got very competent staff (at least in the computer section). The geeks and near-geeks out there know how frustrating it can be to talk to a tech support person at BestBuy or on the phone with some big chain only to realize that you know more - much more - about tech than the "tech support" person. Yikes! I consistently find that the tech people at Fry's know their shit. Very refreshing.Every time I find myself strolling the aisles of CPUs, SSD hard drives, hydro cooling systems, WiFi-n and WiFi-ac routers, I get a warm fuzzy feeling, and I'm not eager to leave. I suspect that this is what it feels like for the fairer sex to roam the aisles of Bed Bath & Beyond, or Michaels, two stores I want to leave as soon as I enter.Speaking of tech support, I recently bought parts for a gaming PC online and ended up with a bad CPU socket on the motherboard (bent pins). I brought the parts into Fry's and they cheerfully built my broken PC for me for $50 (plus the cost of a new motherboard). They were fast, competent, and very fairly priced.Need a geek fix? Nothing comes close to Fry's.I hear they sell other stuff, too, like appliances, Macs, iPads, smart phones, TVs, chocolate bars, etc.
2	Today was my 1st visit to this Fry's store.  It was interesting.... a huge store with a variety of items. (soooo I thought to myself that it was a very clean and well organized corporate flea market type of vibe) The staff was keen on asking if you needed help with anything, but then when responding yes and asking a question to one staff member, he had no knowledge of the product we inquired about.  I did find an item that I chose to buy, a wireless keyboard for my iPad. So when I searched it on my phone to look at competitors for a price comparison, and found a lower price I then asked if they did price matching, so the answer was yes. I proceeded to the check out where the staff was nice but it was a very time consuming process, my total check out time was approximately 20 minutes.Overall, I can say I had a satisfactory experience.
4	If you're looking to build a computer and don't want to wait for an order from Newegg, then this place is probably perfect for you.Every time I walk in here, I am always overwhelmed by how HUGE this place is.  There's a cafe in the middle.  A CAFE.  Where there are beverages and food.  So if you get too tired from walking or just plain lost, go right on to the middle and find this little oasis to recharge.Prices aren't too bad, but you can almost always get it cheaper online.  The sections are well-organized and I usually do not have any problems finding anything.  I've also built my own computer and work for a tech-related startup, so I know what a lot of the signs are pointing to.The line can be super annoying!  They usually get people through pretty fast at least.Another downer is sometimes the sales associates can be aggressive as it seems that they get a percentage of the sale.I recently went to pick up some items for my boss and an associate sort of scooped me up so I could find them faster than I already did (saved me ~10 seconds).  Then she asked if she could tally my basket under her name so she gets credit or something to that effect.My trade-off?  "Sure, if I can get to the front of the line."  That worked pretty well that day, but I can't promise it'll work for you.Fun to browse as long as you don't get heckled by the workers.  "No, I don't need help, thank you" and stern eye contact works most of the time for me.
2	Yesterday, I went into the store to buy a new laptop, and I was helped by a younger gentleman who gave me very good advice, and he was genuinely trying to help. However, when I got home, I saw that my laptop had a simple flaw. When I came in to fix the problem, I was helped in the the service department by a gentleman named Travis. Travis was the most laziest, passive aggressive gentleman I've ever had the misfortune of encounting while shopping for electronics, and he didn't want to help me fix my problem. Now I have to resort to dealing with the manufacturer. Also the lady who saw me out was disrespectful, and she didn't want to be there either.
1	It's too bad that I had to return to Fry's to buy a keyboard and a mouse last night.  I thought, how tough could it be?  My GOD we need a Microcenter or NewEgg store here to break up the monopoly of horrible customer service.  All the keyboards had a reduced priced on them, so they were open, and returned.  The associate tried to lie to me, but I know better!  They couldn't get me an unopened model to start with.  Because the keyboard was marked down, it took 30 minutes, AND several overrides as their stickers expire!  From the first counter, we were taken to another counter across from the front.  The manager had to override the same transaction 3 times!  Talk about the left hand not knowing what the right hand is doing!!!  We are at the checkout, and sure enough, another manager has to override the transaction twice!  But wait!  There's more!  The associate has to take our items across the way to the other manager while we wait some more!  It's just a keyboard and a mouse for God's sake!  To hell with your fake "I'm sorry."  You could at least knock off SOMETHING off your overpriced items to make up for the crappy service!  Someone!  Anyone!  Please open up a REAL electronics store and put Fry's and their substandard business model out of business!  They are rude, lie, and don't know the first thing about customer service.  That goes for line employees, supervisors, and managers.  It is one of the WORST run companies I have EVER seen!  NEVER AGAIN!
3	I have been going to this store for over 11 years.There selection has gotten worse over the years and prices have stayed the same. All there computer parts are overprice by at least 50%. Their PC video game selection has unfortunately been cut by 60-75% of what it was 6-7 years ago. For some reason they move sections around and make it harder for you to find what you are looking for. And some sections seem to have been completely removed altogether.  It is still a huge store which is cool and the Cafe in the middle actually has some decent food.
4	Great selection and very good prices for retailer, when they have in stock.I have been in at least 10 times and usually leave with only part of what I was liiking for. They have commissioned sales staff, which is fine as they are usually able to explain why one model has benefits over the next. The line looks long, but is not. They have one line serving as many cashiers as they need, so it moves fast.If they had better inventory management, I would buy all electronics for my business and home here.
2	I loved Fry's in California, but Fry's Las Vegas is bad, for both service and available stock.My story...I was standing in the isle looking at hard drives... a group of three sales associates were standing in a group chatting, but none bothered to come over and offer to help even though I was standing there for over 15 minutes. Finally I went over to the counter, but the people there were busy, so I went back to the isle...Another 10 minutes goes by, as I am trying to figure out the new color rating system that I have never seen before, and I would love some help with which hard drive fits my needs... then the amazing thing happens...An employee comes into the isle with a cart full of random items; he starts putting the items up on the shelves. No more than 30 seconds go by and a young kid comes over and demands to know what the first guy is doing. He replies that he "is putting these items on the shelf", and the kid says "hey, this is my isle, you can't just come to my isle and start messing with things!"What?!How about this customer who has been standing here needing help for almost a half an hour? If you are so concerned with "your isle" how about your offer help to the customer?These two exchange words for a couple minutes... then the kid walks away. Apparently satisfied he laid claim to "his isle". And no... he stood next to me, turned and walked directly past me, and still never said a word or offered to help.My other complaint about Fry's Las Vegas is the terrible selection and availability!Monitors, keyboards, game controllers, sound systems, etc... the choices are significantly worse than any Fry's I visited in Cali and even if I do find something I like, there is a 50/50 chance that it will even be in stock!It seems that either the Las Vegas Fry's can't get any love from the corporate supply house, or the man in charge of ordering for the store is not particularly good at his job.I moved to LV from the Bay Area, and the difference between the Cali Fry's and the LV Fry's is sad.The positives I can say for this store is the same at all Fry's... 1) The prices. About the best prices you can get from a physical store. You get better prices online (Amazon, Egghead, etc), but Fry's is best for in-store price. Fry's does offer to price match, but it can be a time consuming pain to go through all the required steps.2) Return policy. Excellent return policy and the primary reason I still bother to shop at Fry's Las Vegas. Problems with electronics is far too common; both in terms of getting a bad item or buying the wrong item for your needs. I want a relatively no hassle to return policy and Fry's has it.
5	Very pleasant return experience. Even though i did not have original packaging they helped me exchange my router. Manager at returns section was very courteous with great multi tasking skills. I am not a big fan of their return policies however and i think costco is the best industry example for returns.
4	This store is huge! If you need anything computer oriented this is the place to go. They offer all types of internal computer parts. There's a large selection on pretty much everything electronic. They also carry Apple computers. Prices are very competitive and they have great deals.
4	Just in case you haven't read it already - this place is HUGE.  They have something for everyone here and if they don't have what you're looking for, well they have an online store to make up for it!  Customer service here can be a hit & miss.  Sometimes employees will constantly ask to assist, but not be knowledgeable in the merchandise.  Other times their line of a million cash registers will have one person working them while several others behind the line avoid eye contact with customers.On a brighter note, I first came here for my Bluetooth keyboard and mouse.  The reviews for what I bought on Amazon were on the negative side, but they were priced at $20 each.  When I came to Fry's, they had it on the shelf for $30 each.  It wasn't a problem at all - an employee let me know they did price matching so that's exactly what we did.  A year later, I'm still using the same keyboard & mouse.
1	Worst frys ever. I work in the electronics field and EVERY time I come to this store they are sold out of items, out if stock, don't carry this or that.  When you ask an employee when they expect an item to be in stock they have no clue.  Oh and they don't sell sharpies! Wtf?!?  For an electronics surplus store you guys suck.
4	Some of their products have very high prices. Higher than the competition. And on the other side, some prices are lower. You really have to do your research on every sale. Their selection is extensive in some departments and others not so much. Same with their customer service. Some are great and very knowledgeable and helpful... Some will straight up try to rob you, lol... It's so mixed here but I guess that's good to keep you on your toes. I love everything electrical and get turned on to new things just by walking and browsing. It's good to see current trends and what's new and hot. This particular location is average to above average of other locations I've been to.
1	This place sucks! How do you have 4700 employees and all but 3 are friendly and helpful? Someone needs to take the wheel this place is insane...currently the salesman is on his phone while my husband found what he needed himself then we can't just walk away...the salesman had to print up a slip. I dislike best buy however they actually have helpful employees...and I can't even believe I said that.
1	was in town for work and my laptop crashed wifi, cd/dvd and all my plug in's quit working took it to frys he said its probably something easy to fix paid them to look at it they called me 2 hours later and said it was ready. when i got there he told me the laptop was broken beyond repair not worth fixing. so i just paid 70 dollars to be told its broke. so i brought it home to it to Stanton PC Repair & Sales i found on yelp DeWayne fixed it! works better than it did before for only 50 dollars. fry's can suck it!
2	I've been a customer here for many years. relatively happy with everything I've bought so far. i'm not usually the one to read the small print on everything I get. Apparently I've been stung. Feeling really bummed and taken for. FRY's electronics refused ANY negotiation on an RC plane my son bought. $90 bucks for a $4 styrofoam glider with junk servos. I tried peacefully to resolve but "Manager" wouldn't see it - was really good at saying "sorry". Well done FRYS. Shopper beware.It's kind of sad that they sell a lot of products I still need to purchase. But I suppose I can find shrink tubing someplace else. It really sucks to have such a rigid and robotic staff when it comes to returning the product.
1	It would be nice if a 100,000sq ft store had more than ONE working bathroom stall. Im standing outside the bathroom holding my ass cheecks together with my intestines ready to explode because I cant get into the toilet. There are more Frys employees hogging the bathroom than customers.The prices on computer parts in this place are typical retail. My advice... scan the UPC code with your phone and buy the same things on Ebay and save 25-50%.After 20 mins the one bathroom stall finally opened up and it smellz like a heard of buffalo just went thru here gosh dammit it reeks!!!! And they have notices on the door asking you not to flush the toilet with your foot... what the hell they expect you to touch the toilet handle?!?!?! I wouldnt touch anything in this bathroom if I was wearing a biohazard suit!
4	Started my Black Friday shopping here. I was actually quite upset my family started so late!! I normally start at midnight and we didn't start this year until 11am  but tbh I'm glad we started at Fry's cause it got us starting the day right. We received excellent service surprisingly on Black Friday. There was definitely a lot of people and we never once felt like we were being rushed when we had a lot of questions (we were in search of a good desktop) Marlon was great and provided great customer care and service. Actually everyone in the computers department was awesome!!! Lines were long as to be expected (even in the bathroom) but one thing that was pretty nifty  thought at least was in the ladies restroom, there's a chair in the corner along with a pull out curtain (very similar to a hospital privacy curtain) for mothers to breast feed. It's labeled the lactation station. I thought that was very considerate. Not that I'm a lactating mother, but hey there was a lot of pregnant women shopping today so you never know!!!! So back to shopping here, it's always organized and like I said on my experience we receive great customer service, why only 4stars... Coz there are a few associates not as willing to help on smaller transactions. But I think every customer should be treated the same. But overall, it's a great store that kinda just has everything.. They were even selling play dough today lol so it's sometimes a one stop shop if you're lucky!
3	I remember back in the day when the news of Frys opening in vegas was like how the announcement of Ikea was recently... Yeah its a good store that has a variety of stuff ranging from computers to various electronics and even home appliances and even a small cafe in the middle. Its like Best Buy and Radio Shack had a baby with Starbucks as a maiden XD ok maybe that didnt make much sense Lol Used to be able to spend a lot of time just looking at random stuff....Now i just get a kick listenin to employee + customer conversations and seeing how bad they fail (computer department) lol especially since they did they table and doing custom building for customers... XD RECENT EXPERIENCE - BLACK FRIDAY !ok maybe it was thursday lol it opened up at around 5pm. People waiting in line. A friend got there a little earlier than i did and got in line... he was like 2/3 the way down the side of the store towards the back... Not too bad actually.. and didnt seem like mayhem when it opened either...i recall one year, people rushed so hard, that people got pushed onto the floor... and people would just ignore to give help and keep going... whats worse was police was just standing there watching it all happen... i tried my best to help who i can when i can but theres only so much i can do while being pushed forward too =/ ANYWAY .. back to this year.. so apparently they released 2 separate ads.. for separate days... my friend and i didnt realize that until we were in the store and couldnt find a lot of the items he was looking for. He asked a sales assocaite and found out it was two sales... one specific to each day... so instead of spending the time allotted before dinner to look for items, we just roamed the store watching people rush around while recalling the days when we used to do that too... XD Overall, the store is not bad. Its just the people who work there needs to increase their knowledge about products before giving suggestions to others. Yeah i know its retail but dang ...
5	When I need some electronics this is my spot to go. They have all you can think off plus they do price match from some websites like Amazon, best buy, and more... The guys over there very professional and you can ask them any question you want.If you need some electronics don't look any further just go over there and you won't regret it.
1	Dishonesty at Fry's electronics on line:at 5 AM Thanksgiving day i went on line to purchase the 32" sony LED tv using code 4373787 @98.00 says unavailable? how do I get 1 at this price with the free delivery as advertised?the original email i received Tuesday said that item was online only.now with a diff code # it says instore only @$129. I got up before 5 in the morning to give u business and you screwed me! I was online on your site at exactly 5AM. You guys have sent me several unacceptable replys such as:(Unfortunately, we experienced an issue with our database on Thanksgiving, resulting in our entire site shutting down temporarily, with occasional issues over the next few days. We regret this occurance happened at such a significant time and sincerely apologize for the inconvenience that you experienced. Our website functionality has been restored and you may continue to explore our great deals at frys.com/ads. We thank you for your patience and hope that you'll give us a chance to provide you with great shopping experiences in the future. Again, we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this situation may have caused you.Please let us know if we can be of further assistance..I can wait it's not a xmas gift. HONOR YOUR AD OR LOSE CUSTOMERS FOREVER!)
1	This place is horrible. Returned damaged overpriced item before I even left the store.
3	Rating is for customer service.  It took us 30 minutes to find someone help us.  I even went to the customer service desk for help and the person there told me they would get someone "right away".  Sure.  Other than that, this place has almost everything you would need.  I would say I like this place better than Best Buy, but that would be a lie.  All the things you need, but no one to help guide you through it?  Not for me.
3	Frys is the place to go for electronics. Sometimes they are cheaper than online pricing. But I feel like the customer service is poor. If you don't buy something expensive seems like no one wants to help you. That has happened to me a few times. If I could wait I would rather shop online.
4	I like Fry's - it is kind of like going on an adventure when you go into this store, because really you can spend a LONG time here looking at all kinds of things.It is not just an electronics store, and offers a lot more than Best Buy, especially in terms of computer-tinkering necessities. But they also have TV's, electronic equipment, home theater systems, video games, DVDs, etc.On top of all this they have an interesting array of small home appliances like coffee makers, popcorn makers, ice cream makers, mixers, etc. I enjoy strolling these aisles.They also have an anime/manga section PLUS a "as seen on TV" section, which is always fun to look at.There is also a cafe inside (I've never tried it), but I guess if you get hungry while you're here - you're covered.It's out of the way for me and my husband since it is on the other side of town, but we do find ourselves here every once and awhile regardless.
1	The staff is so rude. Sure they have a wide selection of stuff, but if you need help with something or have questions about an item, good luck. I was trying to find an hdmi converter and I had to go to two different people(who were useless,short,and unfriendly) to find the item's location. Then after finding it was out of stock, went to customer service who told me to go back to the last guy I talked to about ordering it and getting further information about it, and all he told me was that if I wanted to order it from the store I have to go to the website from my phone and order it there. SO in conclusion, I just wasted time and gas coming down to this store. And before heading down here I was on hold for 15 minutes on my phone and decided to hangup because no one answered it. If I choose to buy something from them it will be an online purchase. Fuck this place. First and last time here.
4	Fry's is a fun place to look around and a good place to easily get lost in. It's huge. It's like a Best By on steroids. But then it has oh so much more than Best Buy. It's got every kind of electronics. But it's also got things like Play-Doh and every item ever sold on TV late at night. Every item ever. Ever. And that is easily my favorite aisle. I can totally justify why I need each and every one of those items. The staff are nice. The checkout process is relatively smooth and easy. Whatever it is you need, Fry's probably has it. This is one store I truly enjoy joining by boyfriend in going to. He needs some random wire bolt thingy thing for some network computer thingy, and I get to wander aisle after aisle in endless amusement. Everyone wins.
