4	Rooms were fine and staff was great but prices were high.
1	Paid a decent rate $79 for a suite each night over the weekend, but after the kids swam in the pool and in the hot tub over the weekend, they all got sick with 'Hot Tub Rash'.  Tried to contact the hotel management and they would not call me back after multiple attempts.  Continental breakfast was good, but avoid the pool!
1	My wife and I travel the country for our jobs and stay in 1 hotel a week usually. This is one of the worst we have stayed in. There were no luggage carts for us to use, which is hard when you have a lot and are on the 3rd floor. Two of our three rooms smelled like smoke and we had to get new ones. Our bed comforter had noticeable stains and there was hair on the blanket below it. Not a very clean and comfortable hotel here. I would not stay here again.
5	This hotel came to our rescue! We had made reservations at a La Quinta in, thinking it would be decent, but after being scared out of our wits by the needles and disgusting rooms, we needed a new hotel and fast! No one was available at all, we went to five different hotels and were about to give up, and then the comfort in said they had two rooms left. We needed two regular rooms, and they told us they had one regular, and one suite, but that they would give us the suite for the price of a regular king! The suite was phenomenal and was fantastic. They turned our stay right around! And the breakfast, while small, stayed open for us, even though we were way late. They said it was totally okay, even though they were trying to close. Will definitely visit again!
5	I stayed here for 6 weeks for Job Training. I can't say this enough, but Lynn helped me out a lot! She was really courteous and always treated me like a friend! Talk to Lynn to work out extended rates or just for a polite friendly greeting to the hotel!The rooms are actually comfortable! This is by the highway, so if you need peace ask for a room away from the freeway, but I don't mind the cars driving by! Breakfast is good here, really it is! I wish I took advantage of it more. I'm giving this place 5 out of 5, just because I didn't expect much staying here, I did my research and I was 4 miles from my training site. So convenience and comfort were above par. Yet two things Kept me annoyed during my stay, which were the security guard and my room keys. The room keys become out of sync after a few days, so this would turn into a lethargic manner when I'm at my room door and find out my keys don't work. :( The security guard: sure he does his job by scoping out who is who... But I've been staying here for 6 weeks, with the little amount of knowledge of being a security guard you should understand who is a "usual" and who is out of the ordinary. Every Time I walked in I was "dogged" by him. I'm sure he's from a hired security service, but damn... if the front desk people can greet me normally, I'm sure this guy could have. I recommend this place, and I'm sure the security guard issue is just me.
