2	I was forced to finish my contract with Terminix once they bought my smaller pest control company last year. I can tell that Terminix is a HUGE company which has its pros & cons. One very annoying shortcoming is that the company highly advertises their termite program which is extra. Even though I continuously inform their Reps that I do NOT own my home, they are adamant that I pay for termite protection to the point of out right harassment. I receive phone calls every two weeks trying to get me to pay for termite protection. I will not be a returning customer once my contract expires.
1	Apparently there was a closing bill on a home I had lived in before the one I am living in now.  I used Terminix at both homes.  Apparently they are not bright enough to send the final bill to the new address they were servicing.  The bill went to collections and the collection agency figured out my new address within a month.  I paid the bill promptly upon receipt and filed a dispute with the credit agencies, BBB, and FTC.  They dropped my service at my new home (even though I had no "payment issues" with the services provided at my new home).  Which was fine, except I was really looking forward to firing them once the billing issue was resolved.During all the drama I endured from this, a lady at TERMINIX told me that the service system had been updated but not the billing.  I am not sure how that's my problem.  Here's a little advice TERMINIX, when a customer moves you may want to update the billing address, especially when you are continuing service at their new home.As for the quality of the service, well, I still killed 13 scoprions on my own last year during Terminix's service tenure by hunting them at night and deploying my own poison.  Not impressed
1	One star is much too generous for this company!  We have had a contract with Terminix since 2008, that we are cancelling today.  Their service is terrible.  The technicians show up unannounced, do not knock on the door or ring the doorbell, spray the front door and the garage door & leave.  Our back yard needs to be sprayed!!!  The last "service" they had documented never happened.  We live in a guard-gated community that logs when anyone comes in or out.  Terminix said they were here March 1st, but they didn't leave a slip in the door, and our gate has no record that they were anywhere on property that day.  I spoke with a technician today that said my phone appeared to be disconnected, or they had the wrong number.  The guy did not dial the correct area code!!!  Worst service ever from the pathetic managers to the technicians!!!  The only thing Terminix is good at killing off is their own business!!!
1	Find another company!I went online and registered. They gave me a Monday morning 7-9 am appointment. I waited on Monday until 10:00 to call the "local" number of 702-802-0150 only to be transferred to the "national call center." They saw the "problem" with my appointment and stated they would transfer me to the local manager.After 15 minutes they could NOT get anyone so they stated they would leave a message and have them get back to me. This is BS. This is NOT how you do business. When I call the local office, I expect the local people to answer and take care of me.I will find another company since Terminix obviously does not want my business with this kluge of a system that does NOT work.
1	Make sure they do what they say they are going to do and do the job right the right the first time.  Watch them perform the service or they will skip treatment steps.  When I called in they transferred me to Jody Eastman who has zero customer service skills as he was rude, condescending and continually cut me off speaking over me when his company clearly dropped the ball.  You have been warned, DO NOT USE THIS BRANCH OF TERMINIX!!!  Everyone else from terminix was good but jody ruined the entire experience ensuring they will never get my or my family's business again.
1	My husband and I got service from Terminex that started in June 27th. Long story short we made every effort for the job to be done and it wasn't to our satisfaction. We spoke with a manager who offered us our money back now they are claiming he didn't have the authority to do so. I spoke with another manager of the company yesterday and he blatantly lied to me.  I am so disgusted by the level of customer service. It truly makes me sick that these people are employed here and that their lies are acceptable and as a consumer we have to just deal with it. i made this account solely to warn others of terminex. I will never in my life hire this company again or give a referral. The local office is a bad representation of how terminex should conduct business.I also called the corporate office, apparently the general manager is the only one who has say in whether  a refund is given...then what the heck is the corporate office for. I asked to speak with a manager and conveniently there was no one above her there until tomorrow.
