5	My one gripe, no parking garage. But it is right next to the Convention center, and a good alternative should you not like the Westin - or actually want to go to your room and not wait for an elevator.Rooms are very well appointed, clean and well kept. Wireless for free is spotty at times, but works well enough. Plus they have a wired connection for even better throughput.If you can get a room on the third floor, get it - because the 17 foot ceilings are amazing. Also, ask for a room on the street side, because some of the views of the skyline and street are also worth any noise you might get! (Hint, the drapes are super heavy, so they deaden the noise effectively!)The staff are all very professional, and well mannered - except for one guy in the restaurant - who looked like his pants were falling off him, and his hair looked like a rats nest. I'm guessing he was a student at the university... but I was looking for hairs in my food whenever he came by.  Breakfast is included in most room rates, and the buffet is very well done - with a good selection of meats, eggs, yogurt and breads.The lobby is also a great place to hang out. Well thought out, there are lots of comfortble places to wait for other guests or friends. Plus the business center has a computer to print out your airline boarding passes - for free! Also a nice kiosk with some local information that's a nice touch screen.Valet parking is available - just not cheap ($22/day with in-out priviledges.)I'll definately be returning... it's one of my "Best Bets!"
4	I stayed three nights here on business and really enjoyed the hotel and its staff. The place felt clean, up-to-date, and comfortable. All the staff were friendly and everything was easy, from check-in to check-out. The rooms have high ceilings and were nicely furnished, and the 3rd floor courtyard even had its own bbq for guest use, which seemed like a nice thought. I'd stay there again for sure.
5	Came back a year later, and it's the same review all over again... except for the guy with the bad hair. He looks like he's been made a manager or something... weird.
4	I stayed here last Saturday.  I got a deal on priceline for $70 which I think is a great price for the location! The rooms are huge and everything seems newly renovated.  There were 4 of us staying in the room and there was enough room for all without being smushed.It's within walking distance of some great bars like Seviche and Tonic!
4	This hotel is in a great location right next to the convention center and  is walkable to PNC Park, Heinz Field, downtown bars, etc. Rooms are clean with high ceilings and comfortable beds and pillows. The TVs are vintage mid 90s but who watches that much TV in a hotel room? The only negatives are the lack of free breakfast (though they offer coffee in the lobby) and the $22 rate per day for valet parking. Save your money and park at the city garage right down the street which is about $5 or so per day. They have a business center you can use to check your email, use the internet, price boarding passes, etc. free right by the front desk. All the staff was friendly too. I would stay here again in Pittsburgh if I can get a good rate.
4	Stayed her over News Years for the Winter Classic and I was impressed with the location of the hotel and the large rooms with high ceilings. The hotel is located across the street from the convention center and about 2 miles from the local sports venues. We were close to tons of restaurants and amenities without having to drive. The one bummer is they do not offer a continental breakfast. For the price of the room this should be included. Also, parking it quite expensive and they are not quick to get your car out or park your car.
4	I like to admit right on if I got a super cheap deal via Travelocity/Expedia/Etc... and this is another one that I snagged for 50 bucks a night..  At the price mentioned above.. it was great! At another price it'd still be good.  The location is pretty great, walkable area, seemed safe, close to most things downtown, etc... The lobby is cute, it's styled to look a bit  like a patio with outdoorish furniture in very bright colors. The room was also pretty great!  The beds were comfy, great pillows, nice and spacious. Overall very modern, clean, and a hotel I'd stay at in the future!
1	I'd give it ZERO stars if i could. Worst customer service! My husband made an innocent mistake and confused the weekends for our trip back to his home town. We asked that we get the credit and offered to add a night to our stay. The hotel would be out NO money. But these corporate suits refused. So - they've lost a customer - a PLATINUM customer. We've given Marriott so much bloody money over the years, but these greedy suits could care less. A little goodwill would have cost them nothing. Where has good customer service gone????? Truly pathetic. And believe me - theres nothing special abt this hotel. The William Penn, the Doubletree, and several other hotels are FAR FAR FAR superior. Get good rates on Priceline. Heck - i'll even give a shout out to the Renaissance downtown -- it's not owned by the Courtyard jerks. Good luck! Go Steelers!
1	When I checked in, the front desk staff was missing.  When I checked out, the front desk staff was missing.  The valets had to be chased down every single time I needed to park or retrieve the car.  When I called a week later regarding the charges on my account, the first call was disconnected.  On the second call, I was put on hold for ten minutes before I gave up.  On the THIRD call, I asked the clerk to email me a copy of a form, and she informed me that the scanner was down and she would be unable to for several days.The pillows were appalling and there was no complimentary breakfast and no refrigerator.Does ANYBODY run the show here??  What a disgrace to the Marriott name.
4	Nice large room and good value. Looks near new with all amenities. Only problem we had was valet (needed for its location) was slow in taking the car, however very fast in returning it the next day.
2	Ok, but they do not go out of their way to help! I didn't have a credit card so at first they said I couldn't check in. Finally they allowed me to put down cash. Then I went to breakfast, and the shuttle refused to pick us up because "roads were too bad" We waited for 45 minutes at the restaurant. No cabs could pick us up, so I called the hotel and explained our situation (had to get to work soon, 5 mth pregnant woman with me, only a mile and a half away). He said he couldn't help. We had to walk while the snow blew in our faces. When we were almost there, we saw the shuttle pull out with the smoking shuttle driver in it, driving in the opposite direction, away from us. I cannot believe how rude they were
1	Literally worst service i've ever received at a hotel. Was using a conference room for multiple days and had to beg snooty staff to come refill waters and clean the room. Also, policies like how much parking costs seem to change from visit to visit. To sum up, i cringe thinking i'll ever have to speak to the people at the front desk again. The location is amazing, they have that going for them. Do not stay here. You will be disappointed.
1	This hotel is well located. However the staff, especially Zac don't care a bit if you have elite status or not. The staff is young. The manager nowhere to be seen. No upgrades. Room has high ceiling. So what. Not personal at all strictly business. Restaurant no great shakes. One of three. The better restaurant is the little cafe across the street owned by same owner. Bellhop seen limited times. To get a cab walk to the Westin across the street. Or take a bus. No hello on entering. Not friendly. So why stay here? Not a 4 star. Really a 3 star. Point redemption way too high. Nothing to recommend. Stay at the Westin across the street and kiss the staff there goodbye. Run. Don't walk away.  Not even the shuttle goes anywhere useful. Linda b august 2013 will never stay again!
4	The hotel is perfectly located if you want to enjoy the city on foot. The rooms are nicely sized and clean. Parking is a hassle, but I am walking everywhere anyway.The gym is small and if any more that 4 people are using it you will feel like you are getting in someone's way.They used to have a proper restaurant years ago, but now it is just a breakfast/Starbucks. There are so many places to eat nearby that it really doesn't matter.The staff is average and I only had one bad experience with the valets. It happens...no big deal.Quite frankly it's all about location. Always stay here whenever I am in town.
4	So this was an inadvertent trip... I found this hotel through hotels.com after I had driven to Pittsburgh. I ran away from NJ (long story) after a really bad week. The hotel has a great location to PNC Park, the convention center and restaurants. Everything is walkable. That's really important for me. I don't like driving around new cities or trying to figure out public transportation if I am unfamiliar. (I am fine in Chicago & San Fran with that but their infrastructure is great). The rooms have 17 foot ceilings so you really feel luxurious for what you are paying. My deal was under $100 for the night and it was well worth the expense. This Marriott had free wifi throughout the hotel and a free business center for printing baseball tickets! That was very helpful. I love free wifi. Data is expensive now that Verizon killed the unlimited plans. The hotel has modern decor and a lounge in the lobby. Since it's playoff hockey season they were featuring the BlackHawks game. (you're killing me hawks!). There are also sitting lounges on a couple of the room floors. I am not too sure about food options other than breakfast. But there are plenty of restaurants near by and the "strip district" is a couple of blocks over. You will not go hungry staying here. The staff here is excellent. I am not sure why others are making derogatory comments about them. I was pick pocketed at PNC Park and they were helpful in sorting out my mess. They also calmed me down when I was YELLING angrily about how Pittsburgh is literally the worst city I have ever visited for that reason.  They also suggested a craft beer bar for me to try which I really enjoyed. Great people. Thank you. What I did not like was valet parking. But I'll get over that. It is a hotel in the middle of downtown Pittsburgh, so I can't really be too hard on them for that. If I ever returned to Pittsburgh, I would stay here again.
2	Despite being a Marriott-brand hotel, Courtyard Pittsburgh Downtown's service and room qualities were not up to par with the Marriott standard but still charged Marriott price.I had a bad impression of this hotel before I even entered. I made a two-night reservation for a business trip, but I was stranded in an airport overnight because of cancelled flights. I called the hotel to explain my situation and asked to change my reservation, but the receptionist was not having it. She was completely unsympathetic to my plight and insisted me to pay for the night that I'm not staying. Eventually, I had to get my project manager to resolve this issue. Both the room and the lobby were not spacious, although that's understandable given that the hotel was in downtown. What's not understandable was the creaking floor throughout the hotel floor, which amplified no matter how light my steps were. Good thing that I was not living below night owls, but that would not matter because the AC unit was too loud to get a good sleep anyway. Why would a Marriott hotel have an AC unit that's louder than my grandma's AC unit from the 1980s is completely beyond me.Seriously reconsider if you decide to live here. Aside from sub-par room and service that are unusually low by the Marriott standard, note that the only available parking nearby will escalate the unjust price that you have to pay to stay in this hotel.
1	Do no stay here if you plan to sleep before 2:30 AM. They could not care less that there is a very loud bar directly across the street. If loudness doesn't bother you than this place is fine.
4	Excellent location! Walking distance to Strip District, theaters, PNC park, kayaking, Heinz history museum, and more! (Basically most of my favorite things about Pittsburgh).Parking $22 a day, valet, with in and out privileges. Not bad considering it is $20 at convention center next door with no in and out privileges, or $20 at Westin and no guarantee of a spot when you return*, hotel guest or not!*Last time I was in Pittsburgh I stayed at the shabby, seen-better-days Westin, and returned to the hotel one afternoon in a monsoon, only to be told parking was full - Never-mind I had already paid for a full day of parking! Can you say annoying???Moving on. I deducted a point because I believe the couches, bench, countertop, or floor would all have been more comfortable than the creaky old mattress in our king suite. Come on Marriott. The room is beautiful, but buy a new mattress, or at least a mattress pad.
4	This courtyard has had the renovation treatment that most are getting around the country. Not every room has a mini fridge yet but they can bring you one if you request. I had a room looking into the courtyard which is nice for sound but weird for having the blinds closed for privacy.
5	I attend an annual convention at the David Lawrence Convention Center, and have many choices for downtown Pittsburgh hotels - year after year, I have found none I like better than this Courtyard Marriott.When I checked in this year, I was having a full-blown airline crisis, a colleague who was to help me set up my convention booth had been bumped from a flight and it was taking forever to find a workaround using different city pairs for travel that same day. I was able to leave my vehicle PARKED right in front of the hotel for nearly 2 hours while I sorted it out. The valet staff and front desk staff as well were VERY helpful in allowing me the time I needed to sort out my travel disaster,  extending every courtesy in the process. In particular, Jean Stefan was the most helpful. My booking agent made a transcription error shortening my stay - and that mistake was quickly corrected by Jean.From the super high ceilings in the room, along with the much larger than usual sq/ft of both the room and bathroom, I will not choose to stay at any other downtown Pittsburgh hotel. The "courtyard" is lovely, well decorated, and amazingly comfortable on summer evenings. The proximity to the convention facilities next door are MORE convenient than the Westin, which is directly attached to DLCC - but actually a much longer walk (to get to DLCC Hall B anyway).My only suggestion to improve the guest experience: leave the courtyard open until midnight (or even better, never closed) instead of 10:30pm - and simply warn loud guests that the courtyard will be closed early if they can not keep it quiet.Kudos to the staff, for making my third stay the best one yet.
4	We got a nice clean comfortable room with an attentive staff. Same there wasn't any sort of view.
5	My husband and I spent two night here for a weekend get-away. I was very impressed with the friendly and helpful staff, the ambiance and noise level. I work with a lot of hotels and couldn't believe how quiet it was in the rooms and hallways. The rooms have high ceilings and were modern, clean and updated. We also were in a great spot to walk everywhere. We didn't use our car all weekend. We walked to several nearby restaurants, The Strip district and the Heinz History Center. I would definitely stay here again.
5	I had a great experience when I stayed here in July.. The hotel is right next door to the convention center and within walking distance of numerous restaurants and other sights including the riverside park.  The interior is newly renovated so everything is clean and up to date.  The lobby is spacious and convenient for meeting people.  The bedrooms are generously sized and ceilings are very high since it's an old building - something you don't find very often in contemporary hotel rooms.  Staff was very nice and available at odd hours to support our travel plan.
4	Great service, very clean and comfortable!! Definitely recommend!!
3	I hate being the person that brings bad news to a business.  But I would rather Yelp about it and people know rather than it goes unnoticed.  More on that later in the review. I booked this stay about two months prior to me showing up on New Year's Eve.  Check it went fairly smooth with a little bump.  I forgot one of my IDs in my car and could not be checked in until after I had that ID in hand.  After walking back to my car I returned and everything went smoothly afterwards.  Kudos to the front desk staff for allowing me to leave my bag there instead of having to drag it back to my car and back to the hotel.The room itself gave the impression that it was huge.  As several people have already stated, the ceiling were very high.  I was lucky enough to have a front facing room that looked out over Penn Ave.  I kind of loved this as I could watch the New Year's Eve parade from my room and save myself from the freezing temps outside.  However, you could tell that this was an older building as the floors creaked as I walked around the room.  I could also hear the person above as they walked about.  The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was very clean.  I am not sure how this happened, but I got a handicap room.  So I am assuming that this is why everything felt so spacious in here as well.  Everything about the room screamed modern, from the paint colors to the carpeting.  Now, to get back to what I was referring to at the beginning; the bad news.  Upon arriving at the hotel and after checking in I decided I needed to take a nap in preparations for the night's festivities.  It was a fairly short nap, roughly about an hour.  When I woke up after my nap and turned on the light, I noticed something crawling across the sheets.  *starts itching*  Yes people, it was what you are thinking, a bedbug.  BEDBUG!  I immediately grabbed a tissue to dispose of the hideous little monster (I know, it did me no good by doing that, it was more of a reflexive response than anything).  I have made contact with Courtyard about this, but have yet to hear back from them on how they are going to rectify the problem.  I felt dirty afterward and moved all of my belongings into the bathroom, on the counter for the remainder of my stay.  I also slept in the other bed (I know, that may have been futile) and with the lights on for the rest of my stay.Other than that snag, I really have no complaints about this place.  Everything and everyone was pleasant.*Things to note: there is room service available, valet service, or if you prefer, park in one of the city garages and walk to the hotel, business center, fitness center, ATM and Starbucks available around the clock at the front desk.
