5	This was very special. It is hard to find a truly great Tres Leches in the states, so you cannot leave here without dessert. It melted on your mouth, and the cake was so tender while the cream decorations were real whipped heavy cream, the cake touched with little flecks of temptations.Yes, we did actually eat a meal :). I had the Salmon topped with a compote of Tomatoes that was flavorful and piquant. It was accompanied by Grilled Veggies.My BFFs also had imaginative and mouth watering entrees. I loved the Malbec. The redecoration of the former 'Brixxs' location includes beautiful dark wood and very private booths as well as an expanded outdoor patio area. A simply wonderful experience!!!
4	Ate at the huge bar, had mussels and sausage with tomato and the croquet  appetizers. Friendly, fast service and very nice decor! Will be back soon!
4	Just as good as the Stonecrest location! I was so glad to see Miro hopping on a Wednesday night at 8:00 p.m. The fella and I made a reservation on their website (didn't they used to be on OpenTable?) and were promptly seated in a booth at the bar.They have totally transformed the space that used to be Brig's. The waiting area is as big as Brig's was, which means huge compared to Miro's old waiting area. The bar is also massive with dark wood and warm, hanging, pendant lights. The back wall on either side (dning room and bar) is stone with wine bottles lining it. I got an Ilios Noche at Quail Corners feel.Our waiter took a little bit of time to get to us, but once he did, he got in a groove. We jumped right in and got the Churrasco de Cerdo ($17) for me - pork tenderloin with chimichurri sauce, plantains, rice, and beans - and the Paella de Carna ($23) for the fella, which came with lamb, chicken, chorizo, beef, and pork. Mine was good, but the chicken could've had a little more flavor or sauce, but the fella's was awesome. Meat on top of meat on top of paella on top of the best roasted red peppers I've had in a loooong time. Their wine selection is pretty darn good, too.I'm so glad that Miro is in the neighborhood, and they're off to an awesome start.
4	Friendly staff, and the best lamb ribs. Don't leave this place without trying the sangria.
5	I love Miro!  This is my first time at their new location but the inside is great, it's fairly spacious and not too dark. The bar area has two TVs for those just looking for drinks. The service is fantastic. Best of all are the lunch prices!!!  $12 for paella!!  But really the lunch prices are great, I believe they are all under $15.  Also I think the parking is easier at Torringdon then in Stonecrest.The employees are all super friendly and helpful too!
5	We have missed our restaurant and now they have reopened in their new location we found them to be better than ever!Their salmon is the best in Charlotte. The Paella Valenciana is out of this world. Save room for desert.
5	This place is a gem! Friendly staff and great environment. Their new location is bigger and better than ever. So we usually cant leave town without having the best "tres Leches" everrrr!Definitely recommend visiting their dessert menu and happy Dining.
