5	I like risk. I like drinking iced toddy. I also like fried chicken.Tomorrow the delightfully scrappy team that brought their delicious vision of what a local diner could be when the food was made the superstar, opens their doors for the first day of business... and what will they be featuring? Asian-glazed fried chicken, in-house created donuts, some misc veggie side dishes... and cold-brewed coffee that, in my opinion, is good enough to stand alone and make me get in my car. Often. The risky part, however, is two-fold:Will the former KFC building on the SW corner of 16th St. and Buckeye turn donuts into dough? Well, the Meat Shop has yet to meet its maker. The Duce has yet to take a deuce. Lolo's cried, "YOLO," and promptly upgraded its school clothes. So, maybe it's all good in the hood... the neighborhood that I love, that is.The other risk, besides location... location... location... is whether or not the trio of Asian chicken glazes will be embraced. As southern food goes, this is definitely from the south... well, South Korea. Currently 3 sauce options are available: a savory Korean, a fragrant Vietnamese and a tangy Japanese BBQ. During Day #2 of their soft-opening, we tried all 3 flavors.So, first things first. As smart as it would've been to grab a To-Go menu, I didn't; and although my mind is like a viscous steel trap, sometimes that steel is more like a warm Gummi Bear and really doesn't retain shit, and therefore, caveat reador (basically, don't vandalize my bike if I get small detail wrong).There were options for a 2-Piece, a 3-Piece, only chicken breasts and finally, the "whole chicken." A 6-pack and 12-pack of wings are available as well. Each combo includes a small, asian-ish side dish (corn, sliced cucumbers or slaw) and your choice of house-made donut. There were 5 of us and we all ordered 2-Piece combos, and lamely all got the same Korean sauce. All sauces are available on the side, but they recommended having them tossed... and that was a delicious decision. I also ordered a half dozen wings with the Vietnamese glaze. Eventually, I returned for 2nds and brought back 2 chicken breasts, glazed in the Japanese BBQ. The 2-Piece Combos are a drumstick & a thigh. The 3-Piece steps you up to a breast. I love the flavor of dark meat, so I was particularly happy with my duo. The batter had a gentle, buttery crunch, savory flavor and was right up my alley. To me, it wasn't spicy, but extremely flavorful and satisfying, with notes of sweet, garlic, sesame and soy. The chicken was juicy and tasty as if it were brined. Was it? I don't know. The wings are actual wings... and not the sports bar blend with "drumettes." Also, they're the whole wing... right down to the tip, so expect that "L" shape if you order them. The Vietnamese glaze was very fragrant and though it pho'k up my friend's pallet due to the fish flavor, his lady-friend said it was her fave. It reminded me of Nuoc Cham, the traditional sweet dipping sauce made from sugar, vinegar, fish sauce, garlic and Thai chili (your recipe may vary!). Finally, the Japanese BBQ was Mr. Anti-Fish's top choice. I liked it but also felt it was the least expressive... especially next to the other two statement-makers. I tried the apple fritter with bits of baked cheddar. We also shared a cream cheese w/blueberry and a couple of the key lime donuts. I think what seemed like a banana's foster donut also showed up. Although everyone had their personal fave, overall, I'd rate these donuts far and above the average 'nut. Flaky. Delicate. Flavor-layered. Creative. Risky. Bad-ass. Boom! Finally, the cold-brewed iced coffee was SICK. LOVED it. Big and rich... balanced and truly tasty. It reminded me of my first toddy years ago at Sagasta's place, Jobot. They also have real cream. Viscous and oozy... the anti-soy of milks!Only request?- Larger pieces of chicken. The drum was a small drumstick and the thigh was just larger than a kiwi.In summary, the chicken was delicious and the donuts were... fantastic. For an $8-13 price range, as long as locals will get their asses down to 16th & Buckeye, I think this place is gonna work out great! Go try it!
5	Menu was really easy to read, I like the straight-to-the-point options. Donuts had that nice airy bite to them, with the side of some iced coffee, you can't go wrong .
5	Small joint in a developing area, I figured, "new spot, will have to work out the kinks."  No way, first visit was great, I was even "that guy" that walks in 4 minutes before closing (I honestly didn't know the hours SORRY) they did not mind, were jovial and fun to talk to.  I ordered the Korean chili chicken, (asian) slaw, with a sprinkles cake donut.  Was highly impressed, the chicken was fried to a nice crisp and it was sauced tossed to perfection as to not goo it up.  The flavor was on point, I frequent Korean chicken joints in LA and this is definitely up to par.  The donut was eaten bit by bit after each mouthful of the chicken followed by slaw each time to clear the palate.  They also were nice enough to throw in an extra donut on my way out, that i am saving for dessert after whatever i scrounge up in my kitchen tonight.
4	I decided to come here since it's only 10mins away from school and I have an hour until class starts. We got there at 7am, there was a lady in front of us so I explored the place and took some pictures. The place was cute. I love the artwork on the wall. I thought those frames were touch screens but it's not. The staff was friendly & helpful. I ordered the chocolate + rose + pistachio and the maple bacon was calling my name so I ended up with 2 donuts. Both were good, I expected the bacon to be crispy but it's not. The other donut, it had an aroma of a rose.. Soo good! I will come back and try their chicken.
5	I have been waiting and waiting for this place to open because I love a great donut. I stopped in this morning on my way to work and was so excited when I saw the donut case. Decisions decisions...after standing there for 5 minutes I made my choices. I chose the cajeta sea salt fritter and the chipotle limon cake donut. The fritter was huge and if you like sweet and salty you are going to love this donut. It was so good. I don't normally like a cake donut but this one wasn't dry or overly dense. It had a hint of lemon and the chipotle sugar was sweet and spicy. I loved it! The premium donuts are a bit pricey but they are so worth it. Let me just say these donuts are drop on the ground delicious. Yes if I dropped it on the ground I would still eat it!
3	Ok.....had to check out chicken and donut place.The donuts by themselves are rated at five stars. Good assortment of eclectic donuts. Kinda of pricey though, but you get what you pay for.As for the chicken choices, this is my opinion.1. had the three piece chicken choice. Had the Korean chili sauce. Though it would be hot since it did say "chili", it was not. I believe the sauce was in such a quantity it overwhelmed the chicken. 2. The Thai slaw was ok.3. I returned again in a couple days to have another taste. I ordered the "naked" chicken this time to get a sense of the chicken by itself. The chicken was indeed moist and tender as described by other reviews. However the chicken was devoid of any seasoning or flavor. I will assume this is so as to interfere with the sauces when incorporated. Maybe the sauces when in use need to be dialed back in quantity.4. on this visit I had the cucumber side. If I am not mistaken it was zucchini and not cucumber. The zucchini was bitter in my opinion. If it really had cucumber it would have been a successful side.5. The donut as side in the combo, it maybe novel, but I had a hard time deciding whether to finish the plain cake donut or not. I know a biscuit may be an old school accompaniment, but...................................I wish them success, the above is only an opinion.
1	I was so excited to try something new! I went inside and the place was really cool. When I got back to work to eat my chicken, it was raw, my chicken was bleeding. I am not sure if it's a mistake or what is going on. The portions are small for what you pay for and I like my chicken cooked. I will never go back I don't even want my money back.
4	Donuts, fried chicken, and coffee all in one place? What more could a girl ask for? Looking to fill my saturated fat intake and caffeine jolt for the day, we headed here on a mission for some good eats. There was a fairly steady line while we were here at the restaurant. We got here around noon, and they were already sold out of chicken wings, and at least half of the donuts (Btw, who sells out of chicken wings by lunchtime? Is there a secret coalition of dedicated eaters who descend upon the restaurant like a plague, to only voraciously consume chicken wings in the wee hours of the morning? We may never know...). Anyways, I had a breast combo which included a side and donut. I substituted a chipotle limon donut for the plain cake that is normally included with the meal, and had the slaw and Vietnamese sauce over the chicken. I also had an iced coffee.The donut was excellent. It had the right balance of tender, yet chewy cake contrasting with the slight crunch on the outside. I also liked how it wasn't exceedingly sugary, which allowed a better balance of flavors to show through. The slaw was crisp, with a good mixture of sweet and vinegar. My friend had the cucumber salad, which was too salty overall, but had a good crisp texture. The chicken was expertly cooked, with a perfect crispy crust, and juicy, tender meat. I tried some of the Korean spicy sauce and preferred it to over the Vietnamese style sauce on my piece. Strangely enough, the Korean style sauce was more subtle than the Vietnamese sauce, not something you'd often say when comparing the two cuisines! For me, the glaze on my chicken was too concentrated.The iced coffee was smooth, and had more of a lighter flavor. For add-ins, they have milk, cream, and almond milk, as well as Stevia and sugar in the raw.Service was fast and friendly, and despite having a steady stream of customers to serve, our orders came out quickly. Overall, this is a great choice for a fast, affordable, and filling meal. I'll definitely be going here again!
1	I went into here this past Friday thinking to myself chicken and donuts how unique is that; makes one think of a LoLo's spinoff. I spent rounded up $9.00 on a chicken thigh and drumstick with a cucumber salad. Not only was it overpriced for those two pieces, but it look as if the chicken was cooked too fast in old oil and not long enough. When I bite into the chicken it had an aftertaste and was pink with a tinge of blood inside. I expected more from an establishment serving food. When I tried to contact them shortly after the blood tinged chicken my call went unanswered after several attempts.
5	I am a fanboy of The Welcome Diner, and am so impressed with this new restaurant! The apple fritter had homemade Cajeta (a Mexican Caramel) with small specks of seasalt. I took a bite and found chunks of real fresh apple! Now that's some homemade love and quality!I also tried the key lime filled donut and the chocolate mole as well. All excellent and lovingly made.The fried chicken was incredible. I had the smaller combo with a leg and thigh and the cucumber/dill/ginger side. The chicken has a great consistency, the skin is flaky and crunchy and the inside had none of that fatty texture you find in lower quality chicken places. I had the Korean Chile sauce and I would say it was more flavorful than spicy, but I really enjoyed it. I cleaned off the bones!The ambiance is clean and laid back. I like the art and their clever clean cardboard menus above where you order. They have a great outdoor seating area with long wooden benches, and cared enough to plant new trees all along the front. It's going to be gorgeous in the next couple of years. Thank you Welcome Chicken and Donuts!
4	Went this morning at about 10:40 and was quite impressed. We got a 3-piece with the Corn Miso Butter Stir-fry as a side with two coffees and two donuts all for around $20. Perfect! We got our donuts and coffee right away and the rest of our food came out pretty quick. The Korean Chili sauce is very good and the skin on the chicken was crispy throughout the entire meal. My maple+bacon donut was good but a tad too sweet and not bacon-y enough for my personal tastes but amazing texture. My wife's lemon poppy seed donut was incredible. The side we got was very flavorful. 4 stars because I really wanted wings and the banana cream donut but I'm definitely going again. And again. And probably again.
4	What a great addition to the Phoenix food scene. The donut I had was delicious. It was flavorful and fluffy without being oily at all.The wings, with the Korean bbq sauce, was also hit. The chicken was high quality, well presented and prepared.Only downfall is the location. Hopefully welcome chicken and donuts will inspire some other entrepreneurs to move into this area.
4	OK, gotta write this while I still have my sugar high :)  I met up with a couple of my adventurous friends to try this joint out while it was still new.  To start with, the external facade and neighborhood are straight up sketchy, so don't be scared off.  I almost was and would have missed something great.  The combination of chicken and donuts is really intriguing but I only got as far as the donuts.  Holy smokes, what great combinations!  Between the 3 of us, we had the apple fritter, the maple-bacon, the blueberry-cream cheese, the cateja, and a few more.  These were some truly wonderful donuts---tender, moist and really fresh tasting.  I had coffee with them and decided that blueberry was my favorite, for now at least.I'll go back to try the chicken and other delicicous protein based specials.  They have a slightly asian array of side dishes and sauces for the chicken.  The options are limitless and these guys are on to something!BTW, the staff is really lovely...all kind and helpful!  Ignore the sketchy neighborhood and support this endeavor.  There are some other places that have braved Buckeye road so they are in good company.  Get there by 10 AM for the best selection of yummy treats :)Go. NOW!!
5	I have been a fan of Welcome Diner for a while and was very excited to hear they were opening up a new restaurant. Let me tell you that I was not disappointed when I finally got to try them.  Its just a small little restaurant, run by some really nice people. But what they are able to achieve is pretty cool.Both my wife and I got the 3 piece chicken and donut. I got the Japanese bbq and she got the Korean Spicy. We ended up trading a piece so both of us could try the other. I was really impressed. Both flavors were really bold and tasty. Cooked to perfection with just the right amount of batter. The slaw that I got as a side was really good as well.I upgraded my donut to one with blueberry cream cheese icing and it was good. But really for me it was the chicken that stole the show.Give this place a try. Its small little business like this one, and of course its big brother Welcome Dinner, that help gives Phoenix its flavor.
5	Welcome Chicken + Donuts is a much-needed foodie paradise! Not knowing what to expect, I was thinking chicken and donuts would be a take on chicken and waffles -- the flavors and quality of the food were insanely better! This is a place that FOODIES WILL LOVE! (We certainly did!) Don't go here if you are expecting KFC, Waffle House, Dunkin Donuts-type fare. This is not a fast food joint and if that's what you like to eat then you certainly will not be able to appreciate the complexity of delicious flavors this place has to offer. The chicken is local, fresh, not full of hormones, and unbleached! Incredibly rare to find eating out! The flavors were incredible -- I liked the Korean Chili the best. The sides to go along with the fried chicken are unique and delicious! And the cake donut on the side was surprisingly-perfect with the food! We even got toddy (cold-brewed coffee) that was tasty and cheap and learned it is locally brewed in Phoenix too! I'm really excited to try some of the gourmet flavors of donuts that they offer. They look like something out of cupcake bakery that you would find in San Francisco - not something typical for Phoenix at all. This place has no snottie vibe either! Just real people creating epic food with epic quality!We'll be bringing my mother-in-law along next time for sure! This place really does have something to offer everyone!
4	I have had 3 donuts from Welcome Chicken and Donuts. The extremely flavorful salted caramel bun type thing.... got this around opening day, and it was legitimately tasty. The second time, I tried the blueberry cheesecake and the chocolate cacao. Both were insanely good, even better than the salted caramel. The chocolate cacao had dense white cake donut with dark chocolate icing... so good. The cheesecake blueberry was also delicious... a little savory, a little sweet, and all tasty. I will certainly be back to try more donuts and try the chicken!
5	Chicken and donuts - two of America's favorite things. Add those to the team behind Welcome Diner and you've got an awesome new place!Visited on a Saturday a little before 11AM. There was a line but we didn't wait too long. My boyfriend and I both got the two-piece combo. I chose the Japanese BBQ and the chocolate donut and he went Korean with a maple bacon donut. (Okay. I know what you're thinking - isn't this a fried chicken place? What's with the Asian sauces? Asian chicken with donuts? What's going on?? Yes, it's a weird combo. But trust me, somehow it works and it's freaking fantastic so just go with it.)The Japanese BBQ was out of this world. So delicious. It was tangy and flavorful, definitely more of a Japanese flair than BBQ. The Korean sauce was good but a little too spicy for me. So if you're a fan of mild, go Japanese. The pieces are smaller than what you get at a KFC or another place like that. It actually reminded me that chickens aren't supposed to be that big so I was okay with the smaller pieces.I got the miso corn as my side. It was good but a few too many peppers for my taste. If it was just the corn I'd have gobbled it up.Okay, on to the donuts. I hate to say it but they were just okay. I really wanted to like them and after the amazing chicken expected big things. I didn't like the maple bacon donut at all (weird, right?!) The bacon part was good but the donut was a little too chewy and left an odd aftertaste. The chocolate cake donut was better but was a little grainy. I have to say that my boyfriend went back the next week and got the regular donut and said it was very good. So save the upgrade and go regular donut I guess!So despite the so-so donut I'm still giving this place 5 stars just for the chicken. As we were driving away I already wanted more. Needless to say, I will be back!
5	First time here and what an amazing experience!  I didn't realize that everything here was non-GMO and ORGANIC which was a huge a major plus!!!  I had the Wisconsin cheddar cheese apple fritter and two piece fried chicken with Japanese barbecue sauce.It was beyond fantastic. Fried chicken was so crunchy moist and succulent that it pretty much melted in your mouth.  I was hesitant about adding the Japanese barbecue sauce but I am so glad that I did. It is a definite must in my book!The donuts were just as equally amazing and oozing with unique creativity freshness and so much taste in each and every bite.  I was torn between the cheddar cheese Wisconsin apple fritter and the banana cream peanut butter pecan, so I did both and loved it.You definitely have to try this place!!!
5	My boyfriend and I have been so excited to try this place! We are loyal customers at Welcome Diner and couldn't wait to get over here. We got here about 25min before they started serving chicken. We ordered the maple bacon donut (duh) and the blueberry cream cheese donut. Maple bacon was deeeeelicious. The frosting (especially the blueberry cream cheese) was super sweet, one bite at a time, we barely finished them. The fresh coffee helped wash them down! We ended up waiting until the chicken was being served (ThankGod we did). I don't know where to start or end on this stuff, the outside was fried to perfection without being too greasy, or salty it was seasoned to perfection and fried at the perfect temperature (I really appreciate the love they put into their chickens). Once you get inside, the chicken was so tender and moist it melted in my mouth! We tried both the Japanese bbq and Vietnamese sauce (on the side) they were very good but very strong in flavor I loved the chicken so much I didn't think it needed sauce! This was definitely worth the drive we will be back!
4	Life is full of surprises. Every once in a while we are supposed to indulge. Last night (and maaaybe this morning) I ate donuts from Welcome Chicken + Donuts. My first foray into the heaven of sugar was a donut covered in cheddar "Apple fritter with Wisconsin Cheddar". A bit dubious I went with the flow. Handed over to me my eyes widened. I thought donuts were required to have a hole in the middle.No.This cheddar donut was humongus - about the size of my hand. Filled with a gooey creamy sweat something I was very happy. Motivated by this wonderful experience I ordered another to take home. Based simply on looks I took home a white iced donut with sprinkles. In hindsight this was an excellent means to create a sugar coma first thing in the morning. It was the breakfast of champions.Will is the best, most awesome employee *ever* to walk this earth. That kid is full of energy and can make anyone laugh.I can only imagine what eating a combination of donut + fried chicken could do to my system at the same time. I might just die.
3	On the way out of the rental car facility by Phoenix Airport, we drove by a sign that said chicken and donuts. Sold! We made a U-turn and immediately stopped in. From the outside, the building looks like an old school taco bell. But stepping foot inside, we were pleasantly surprised by new artsy decor and even more stoked to see the glorious donuts on display. My group consisted of 5 hungry guys.Donuts: The donuts were really good. Honestly, I would come just for the donuts. We tried about 6 different variations. I thought they all had bold flavor and a great doughy texture. I am a simple man when it comes to donuts. The maple ring really put a smile on my face.Chicken: I opted for a 2pc combo that consisted of dark meat.  They had a choice of 5 different flavors. I went with the spicy Korean.  My first bite I thought wow! Bold flavor with just a little spiciness. Chicken was juicy and the batter/skin was still held up its crispiness.  But as I continued to eat, the saltiness of the sauce started to really make it a chore to eat.  I also was longing for a bit more fire. Overall, it is a pretty damn good piece of chicken if you stick to only a single piece.Sides: My meal came with a choice of side. I chose the cucumber salad.  The salad wasn't as sour as regular Sumono, but I was kind of glad it wasn't. The bit of blandness and ginger flavor gave my palette a break as I was working through my salty chicken.Overall: I thought that I would come back again for at lest the donuts and give the chicken another chance. I would recommend going there to try it yourself.
5	Came here a couple of weeks ago because I saw their pictures on instagram and the food looks so gooood. Decided to give this place a try and it was amazing!!!! Now they close whenever they sell out of stuff, so we decided to give them a call first and they said they were out of wings. Oh well, I can deal with that.Got there and the ordered two piece drumsticks combo and my boyfriend got the leg and thigh combo.. Mine Korean bbq and his Japanese bbq. Got the miso butter corn side with plain cake donut. The chicken was amazing! I had all the dark meat which I love, and it was SO juicy every bite I took. The taste was amazing too. I tried both flavors but I think I liked the Korean bbq more. The donut was AMAZING. I like donuts, but I love this donut. It was warm when I ate it, and I so wish I could have one every day.  The side was ehh... None of the sides appealed to me. Wish I can just have another donut. The service was good, place was clean, and I seriously loved the food. But I would say the portion is too small for what we're paying!! I guess because it's just so good:/.  Urgh. But my boyfriend said if they were closer he'd go every day. That's a big compliment right there.P. S. Can't you be open for longer each day? Make more chicken and donuts so I can go more often!! Got such a short time span to get your yummy food. :(
5	Best fried chicken in Phoenix. There, I said it. Ignore the one-star reviews about the "raw" chicken. Your chicken will be piping hot when it comes out and yes, sometimes blood and juices will continue to seep from the bone, but your chicken will be safe. Compared to other Korean fried chicken places (Kyochon, Bon Chon, etc.) the quality of the chicken is comparable or better. The sauces are a little saltier but I'll forgive them for that based on other positives. All the sides are solid. The doughnuts are also great. Personal fave is the pumpkin espuma, it's magical. I love maple bacon doughnuts but I'll be honest, Voodoo Doughnuts' in Portland is better. Locally, Rollover has the better maple bacon. Cold press coffee here is also great. I love this place.
4	Legit! I knew this place was going to be good because I love Welcome Diner. I ordered the chicken breast with Japanese BBQ sauce and an apple fritter and the Thai Slaw. My boyfriend ordered the 2 piece with the Spicy Korean Sauce, corn, and a maple bacon donut. I liked my sauce better, but his side of corn was bomb. The batter that they use on the chicken was light and crispy and the chicken was cooked perfectly, not all dry. I really wanted chicken wings, but they were sold out. The next time we go, it will be before 11 am so I can get chicken wings.I wish it was open past 3pm :( so I could enjoy this deliciousness more days of the week than Saturday.
5	I've loved Welcome Diner for a while, and I'm really excited that the Welcome team has this spot up and running.Welcome's fried chicken has been a bright spot on the menu at their original spot, and I think the chicken here is even better. 10$ for the 3 piece combo gets you a pretty hefty serving. I've had both the spicy Korean and Thai fish sauces, and I think the Korean shines the brightest. It's more balanced than I had expected, with just the right amount of spice, acidity, sweetness, and funk. Some reviewers have found the chicken to be undercooked, and they're welcome to head to any number of spots that will serve them chalky birds. This is properly prepared, juicy, flavorful chicken. The sides are fresh and tasty. The miso corn is my favorite. It's super crunchy and nicely sweet and salty. I've only had the plain cake donuts that come along with the combo meals, and they're much better than they should be. My girlfriend doesn't like donuts, but these were crispy, lightly sweet, and nicely cakey numbers that are really satisfying without being overly sweet, and we both agreed that they are among the best we've had.Long story short: This place is great, and I'm happy to have it downtown.
2	Got an iced cofee and maple pecan apple fritter. It had a great taste but then the bad part came in, it was extremely greasy making it inedible! Coffees was ok but not that good. Maybe il try their chicken one day. As of now i will go down the street to circle k for coffee and donuts.
5	You know that old saying about movies, if you have a good story everything will take care of itself? Well, this is the food version of that story - you focus on unique and great food, using top quality ingredients, and you can be in the literal middle of nowhere and the people will come. Welcome Chicken + Donuts is a literal foodie field of dreams, run by a decidedly young group of entrepreneurial hipster folks that would blend in with the folks in Portland or Seattle but instead, are busy making great food near the airport car rental places on Buckeye Road.They have a great selection of innovative and top quality donuts, and then they have amazing fried chicken, that you can get just fried or with several different types of Asian country inspired sauces (coated in those sauces so get plenty of napkins). I took my father and we tried both the Japanese BBQ style - a thick sauce and dusted with sesame seeds, and the Vietnamese herb style with the chicken coated in a sauce that is heavy on the fish sauce, but in a good way - pungent and salty, it reaches out and gives you a solid slap across your taste buds - nibble on the free cake doughnut (warm and fresh) that comes with it to help balance out the intensity of the sauce. You also get one of several Asian country inspired side dishes - we got the cucumber salad which also helped to mellow out the overal food experience. If you sit on the inside, towards the front, is some history of the building and the location which helps to ground the business in some of the local history and culture. As for costs - a one piece is $7.50, a thigh and a drumstick are $8 and those two pieces along with a breast are $10 - might as well go for the three piece kids and save a piece to gnaw on later, when you start missing this amazing food experience. Oh, if you want wings - 6 for $6 (and it is the full wing so well priced) or an even dozen for $11, get there early - I've heard those sell out before everything else. Best bet for this place might be to send one person to pick up multiple orders and then bring them back to the homestead, and you can enjoy this messy and pungent mishmash of southern food culture and Asian flavors without any concerns on the level of messiness involved - or, if you want that crispy, crispy coating at its peak, do make a point to go down directly but either way should be equally delicious. Here is hoping they expand and open something like this near downtown Tempe but if not, I'm sure at least once a month I'll take the time to drive down for one of the more unique food experiences one can find as a native or on a  trip to Phoenix.
5	This place is fantastic!  The chicken was cooked perfectly and had a lot of white meat on it.  The key lime donut was truly delicious!  The only negatives about this place is that is isn't open on Sundays, they close early and they don't serve chicken until 10:30am.  If you can work around those obstacles then you will absolutely enjoy Welcome Chicken + Donuts.
5	One of the best food combinations is salty and sweet. Welcome Chicken and Donuts does this excellence.  I know that whenever I go here I won't be disappointed. Having grown up sample a fair share of donuts as a family I am well versed in the decadence of donuts.  The great part about the donuts here is the combination of classic donuts like the apple fritter and cake donut but you can also try some of the most unique creations that they offer like key lime and lemon poppyseed to name a couple.  What goes better with a donut than coffee.  And the coffee does not fail.  There aren't many place around town that offer a cold brew and theirs is dynamite. I love that they offer almond milk as an option. The chicken is spot on.  Just the right amount of crispness and so juicy.  Everyone that works there has been friendly and welcoming.  Indoor seating is limited but there is an awesome patio outside.
5	Korean chicken was amazing! Drove past this place on the way to work and had to try it. Not disappointed at all. The maple bacon donut was amazing as well. The line was long but worth the wait.
4	When I first discovered chicken and waffles, I had a whole new world of cuisine open up to me. WC+D was not quite that eye opening however.The building doesn't look like much from the outside, and even once you come inside it doesn't blow you away. The outside patio is quite nice (and I assume they will be working on the outside of the building a bit more considering they haven't been open for long and still have an ad for the old business on their doors).However, you come here for the food. I ended up getting a dozen wings with korean chili. These wings are not tiny wings like you get at other places, so half a dozen was more than enough for me (but I get dinner for later). The taste was wonderful. It was the right amount of spice and a little sweetness. The green onions were a good addition. However, as most wings are, these are super messy. However, having to lick off the extra sauce at the end was a nice bonus.I ended up getting a chipotle limon sugar donut. It was okay. It wasn't bad, but it was nothing special. I really wanted to replicate the chicken and waffle taste palette, but screwed up with the sauce wings and non plain donut.
5	I don't like fried chicken.  There, I said it!  Soul Food?  I was born in Phoenix, not the South!    LoLo's, Mrs Whites, Welcome Diner, Popeyes, and countless local spots...I just don't like fried chicken.  This is the polar opposite of my Southern born-and-bred, Georgia-native husband.  He LOVES fried chicken.Oh, I also don't like donuts.  My husband loves the occasionally BoSa donut.  Now he has Rollover too.  Tried them both...meh but more power to them.  I know, I know...but to each their own, right? :)Insert Welcome Chicken + Donuts.The first time we tried them out I ordered the 2 piece with Korean sauce, Corn Miso and a Maple Ring.  It was pretty delish.  But having it tossed in the sauce was overpowering for me.  I vowed to try it with the sauce on the side the next time.  And I did.  And it was **GOOD**Oh.  My.  God.  Taste buds burst into a happy dance!  Is this for real?  Did I just devour a donut (possibly with a little whimper at the end)?  Am I savoring each lightly crispy, flavorful, superbly enhanced by a thick, spicy-sweet Korean sauce bite of fried freaking chicken??Hubby and I now been here like 5 times.  Hands down, we both agree it is the BEST fried chicken we've ever had.  We ALSO agree they have the BEST donuts we've ever had.  Just the soft, creamy maple ring makes me sigh in delight.Already we have returned 5+ times since their opening.  Now there is ALWAYS a line but it moves fast and is just so worth it.  We try not to talk about this place or else we both start impromptu Homer Simpson impressions...5/5 only because I can't give them more.  You guys have SUCH a great concept - Keep the quality, cheap locals and service...then chain that sucker out!
4	Chicken (lunch menu) not served until 1030a and it gets busy from then to 1p but may sell out sooner.
2	Disappointing.  Unique flavorings of doughnuts that are grossly overpriced and in the end relatively boring.  Nothing impressed me about the donuts, sadly.  I was really hoping for doughnuts that are made to order and really fresh.  The three doughnuts I purchased had been made 8+ hours before.I came away with an impression of uncleanliness.  Most of the workers or owners had scraggly hair and scruffy beards.  The interior and the servers don't add to the atmosphere. I am going to stick with Welcome Diner and Rainbow Donuts.
5	Have you ever been rendered speechless by a piece of chicken? If your answer is no, you've been eating the wrong chicken, and you need to get yourself to Chicken + Donuts. We came on a Saturday for lunch and each enjoyed a combo of the two piece chicken and a donut, plus a side. We both got Korean chili chicken, I got the balsamic pear donut and my husband got the chocolate pistachio rose donut. I got the cucumber salad side and my husband got the slaw. It was ridiculous. The chicken was perfectly crispy but surprisingly light and juicy covered in an amazing spicy sweet Korean sauce garnished with scallions, and after I had my first bite, I couldn't talk. You know when you're sitting around the table with your family and your mom made your favorite dish and somebody goes, "it must be good, the whole table went silent!"? It was like that, but in an old booth in a renovated KFC serving the best food I've eaten all year. The donuts were exquisite. The artisan donuts that this unassuming place pumps out... I can't comprehend it. My pear balsamic donut had a great natural pear flavor with a tart/sweet thing going on that ruled. My husbands chocolate pistachio rose donut was my favorite though, for the salty/sweet plus crunch deal. It was just all so good. tl;dr: this place is unassuming perfection with the best chicken I've ever eaten, a great outdoor space, good donuts and Stevie Wonder on the speakers. It's a must.
5	Amazing. Went in with another family (9 of us) for a quick breakfast get-together. Got a dozen to share (cut them into quarters) and then ended up ordering another 2 that not everyone got to sample. Wonderful flavor combinations. Standouts were the Key Lime, Blueberry Cheesecake, Apple Fritter and the Lemon Poppyseed. But the Chocolate-Pudding-Filled-Red-Wine-Glazed-With-Pinot-Noir-Salt was INSANELY AWESOME. Service was super friendly. Can't wait to come back during lunch hours and try the fried chicken, which smelled phenomenal.
5	Absolutely love this place I went for the chicken breast with Korean Chili Sauce w/miso butter corn and a Maple Bacon Donut! Top notch, the chicken was so good and juicy. Loved the side and definitely the donut! I will definitely back in the very near future for some more good food. Have to get there early because they sell out fast...So you know it's amazing!
4	This review is for the donuts only - I have not yet tried the chicken. I plan on going back for a second chance and to try the chicken.I really wanted to love this place based on all the reviews and the staff as well, but the donuts, while creative in idea just didn't wow me, but we're way better than average. I tried the following; chocolate pudding with red wine and Pinot noir salt, pistachio rose and chocolate, chocolate almond coconut, cardamom, maple ring.The best was the maple ring-also the simplest. Great maple flavor and glaze.The chocolate pudding was innovative but I just didn't love the overall combo- however the salt finish was great.The cardamom was ok.The chocolate coconut almond was also ok - high hopes but it didn't wow me.The pistachio rose and chocolate was actually a very good combo but the rose was a lil too strong.Great service overall and a cool place to try when by the airport.I will definitely try them again and also try the chicken.
3	Dont go there early in morn. They dont serve chicken till 10:30.  Good donuts.  Maybe will try again but its long drive to find that out especially in rush hour
