5	These people are, quite simply, the very best. I have used their services for more years than I'd like to admit and they have always come through for me. They have a Green Policy https://www.rubiks.ca/EN/about-us/our-green-policy.html and they mean it. The place is incredibly busy and, yes, like all extremely popular places, you sometimes have to wait but their expertise and friendly service will have you wondering how they can get your stuff ready in such a short time. Dave Cornacchia and his team at this location and the Rubiks Downtown East at St-Denis have rescued many a product launch, presentation and event. It is always a joy to get such great quality for such a low price from such incredible people.Whether you're a student, an artist or a business owner these folks can get it done.
5	I love Rubiks. I usually submit large-ish jobs online (so easy) and their turnaround is really quick. The variety of substrates they offer is great and they do an excellent job with the prints. They always email me promptly for any necessary clarification and are extremely helpful with pricing things out for me and answering my (sometimes annoying) questions about layout, paper types, etc. Yes, the shop gets busy being that it's right beside Concordia, but as long as you wait your turn you can expect helpful, friendly service.
5	Great quick printer!! I haven't tried anything particularly complicated, but for posters, flyers they deliver amazingly fast without any problems. This is also the cheapest print shop I've ever gotten a quote from downtown, so it just sweetens the deal. Nick is especially awesome and managed to get me a 10 posters (1 massive one) done in literally 15 minutes.
5	These guys rock. I came in with 20 large format images that I needed printed that same day and they handled it no problem. They were also very helpful along the way, as I'm not too experienced with printing. If you need anything from banners to canvas and even back-lit posters, they'll hook you up no problem. Will be sure to continue to use them for any/all printing needs!
