4	Very friendly, clean, pretty place to live. Gated Community. Good maintenance help here as well. Recommend highly!
1	Unethical is the nicest word I can find for management.  This review is long overdue but I think I am finally composed enough to write it.   If you want to feel comfortable that your senior loved one is cared about and won't be taken advantage of by the management, I don't recommend this place.  My mother resided in this community for 2 1/2 years.  Late in the first year the ownership changed and they proceeded to bring in an entirely new management team.   And wow did things change..not for the better.Secured property???  No.. The gate is broken and stuck on open very often,  once for longer than a month. Security is a joke, (one senior resident aka guard sleeping in his vehicle on the property at 4am isn't exactly dissuading crime.) Theft, vandalism and stolen property had become prevalent.  Strangers coming to the door looking to prey on an unsuspecting senior on more than one occasion when I was there.  The clubhouse even broken into and stuff stolen ..doesn't that just make you put a lot of faith in those security claims?  Activities are micromanaged as I observed personally several times.  Many seniors are treated as children instead of the adults they are.  Common sense does not prevail here anymore.  They come up with new rules just for the sake of feeling superior it appeared to me. All of this above is negligible depending on you,  below is despicable and disgusting behavior by anyone,  but more so with people who are dealing with a active senior community that may have memory impairment. Do not trust anything told to you by management (specifically Debbie, the general manager as of Dec. 2013)  unless it is in writing!!!!  .  Let me begin to say that while legally on paper they may have had a leg to stand on in my mother's case.  What they told me verbally and what happened are two very different things.  My mother started showing mild signs of dementia about two years ago and although she is self sufficient,  she is not able to remember details with her finances and has a very poor sense of time (months, days, hours).  I began paying her bills for her.   For two years she had paid her rent when she got her ss# on the second Wed. of every month.  She had never paid a late fee and one had never been assessed. However she would always get a 5 day notice after the 5th as a formality.  Once it was time to renew her lease I asked if we might be able to make the 15th her date and pay an additional half month which I was prepared to do at that time. I explained to Debbie that with my mothers dementia getting worse if I wasn't there and she received the notice it put her in a panic and I wanted to avoid that.  Debbie said, " oh no,  don't worry about it,  we know (her name)  and we understand that's when she pays her rent,  don't worry, we know she pays her rent when she get's her check , she's never paid the late fee,  we understand and no we won't do that with her new lease."  I turned in the lease,  said great and thank you.  Next month (July I think), no problem.  Month after that, 5 day notice, mom in panic.  I calmed her and month after that no problem. October comes,  I get a phone call from someone else in the management office asking me for a late fee from the past two months... (they were accustomed to dealing with me and had my number for any issues) ... I said WHAT???  No!  I don't think so...I told them that Debbie and I  had talked when I signed the new lease and that I took her verbal assurance of this not being a problem in good faith and felt it was very unethical to try to go back on this three months into the new lease.  I made them very well aware that she has a limited income and thats why I tried to have the lease start mid month so this issue would be moot. I was very angry.  And told them I would not be paying a penny more than her rent.  She said she would have to have Debbie call me back.  I NEVER recieved a phone call.  I paid November rent in person,  it was accepted and no one said anything about the late fee.  I was getting my mothers mail at this point and in the clubhouse area nearly every day. Not a word was mentioned to me and they know who I am.    December came and my mothers dementia was getting worse,  but had her take the rent check down as I could not come to her complex the day her SS came in.  She took it down and they had her write another check for the late fees ($300+).  They KNOW she suffers from dementia, right before Christmas and were  completely  shady, and slimy taking advantage of a 78 year old woman with diminished capacity who is on a fixed income.  They didn't give a damn.  And that is repulsive.    My mother could not live here anymore anyway as she is no longer capable of living independently and I turned in a doctors letter to them. She lives with me.  If you care for someone who is looking to be in a senior active community choose elsewhere until they get rid of the management. I'm sure that mine isn't the only story like this there.
1	Zero stars for this property for lack of maintenance, honesty, integrity and professionalism, all of which you would want to be excellent for a property that provides accommodations for seniors. This property preys upon its residents.
