4	New Korean restaurant in town! Yipee! Atmosphere is very cute, the walls are plastered with cutesy sketches of cats and such. The bathroom is even cute too (toilet seat cover has a drawing of a hiding bunny). Now food wasn't consistently delicious due to our overly sweet rice cake appetizer, but the mains my boyfriend and I had were the highlight of the night. We both ordered ramyun but different kinds. I ordered a spicy ramyun, while my bf had a rice cake ramyun. The broth was just amazing and perfect. As for service. There was only one waiter, and he was quite attentive. Oh but one thing I'd like to add, they do not give a lot of side dishes like most Korean places. It's a must check out and expect a cozy restaurant.  I will definitely come back to try their rice dishes. Prices are also very cheap!
4	So excited to have another awesome Korean restaurant in Montreal, seeing that my old time favourite became that Korean barbecue place on St. Cat's. As enormous fans of Kpop and all cute things, this restaurant fits my boyfriend's and my taste. They have really cute Konglish wall decals of cats, dear, and birds all over, not to mention they have 3-4 clocks (!!). They tried to make it a very fairy tale-esque, with its "vintage" analogue clocks and all.The menu itself was a bit confusing, as it doesn't have any price listed. The price for each dish is listed on the black board on the left of the restaurant. We sat right below it, so we were tilting our heads to get a good look at the price. We ordered a stone pot bibimbap, mandu, and dulbokki (my BF ordered something with pork and rice), and everything was so delicious! We had leftover, so we packed up our dulbokki and had it for the following days.Can't say enough good things about this place. Will visit again.
4	Sometimes, the most enjoyable experiences in life are those where you have no expectations, no conceived ideas of what's about to come. On a lazy weeknight, my wife and I decided to go for Korean food. She proceeded to yelp for a restaurant and found Ganadara. She loved the pictures that were posted but I refused to look at them. Too often have I been disappointed in Korean restaurants in Montreal.The first thing you will notice is that the restaurant is very cheery: Kpop music blaring, cute decals and a very helpful waitress. The food is not fancy at all but oh so satisfying: We had the seafood pancake (tasty but not too much seafood), spicy Ramyun noodles with beef bulgogi (yes, the packaged ramen noodles) and a dish of fried chicken with sweet and spicy sauce (reminiscent of a Korean General Tao chicken). The ramen was served in the pot it was cooked in and was placed atop a folded paper towel (which served as a table mat). I've never seen this before and it just put a smile on my face.The total bill came to a ridiculous 18$ and also included a side of kimchi and dessert (steamed bun with red bean paste)! Again oh so satisfying! I will definitely go back!PS: Wear warm clothing. I don't think they have heating in the restaurant!
4	This place is small, cute, and gets packed pretty easily. The captions on the wall are cheesy, but they're cheesy in a hilarious way so it's bearable. Many people have mentioned how Ganadara doesn't seem to have a heating system, but I felt fine. The only time I felt cold was when someone came in or out and let cold air in. The restaurant was not jamming K-Pop on loud either, but it was playing quietly on their TV.More importantly, the food was great. I ordered the Bulgogi Ramyun, my friend ordered the Bibimbap in a stone bowl, and we shared a rather large and greasy appetizer- their Kimchi Pancake. While we waited for our dishes, we were served a small bowl of kimchi and radish. The food was so good, I was pleased with my order and slurped it right up. They put a generous portion of beef, and the broth was delicious. I asked for it to be a little spicier too for a greater kick. In my opinion, definitely one of their best dishes. I like their more personal touch: serving it up in a small cooking pot. I had a few bites of my friend's Bibimbap, which I found came out a close 2nd, but nothing could beat my ramyun- hands down! I liked the pancake as well, however it was just too greasy for me to consider ordering it again anytime soon. I'm glad this area is booming with some good quality food and hole in the walls!
4	A good natured host, whimsical quotes peppering the wall, steaming bowls of Cheese Ramyun, and delightfully weird K-pop music videos on a perpetual loop; place looks like a keeper. Once you get past ordering off the menus that were obviously designed by a camel or some other creature with absolutely no knowledge of how normal humans logically read menus, you're off on a highly palatable journey of experiencing the best Korean (I've yet to have) in Montreal. What makes it the best? everything is fresh, authentic, colorful,  piping hot (when it's supposed to be), and gets to your table and into your mouth at near warp speed. Additionally, the chow is so cheap you'll be asking yourself whether some rich North Korean is secretly funding the place for spying purposes and whether they're plastering numbers smaller than 10 on the blackboard just to keep up appearances. This Guy-Concordia area haunt is a must for any and all bibimbap seeking Kimchi junkies, ketchup/salt/sugar packet stealing broke students, and any Korean food anonymous members. Best enjoyed with between one and fourteen adult beverages. Kali Orexi
3	Little bit bland food wise, good value for money hole in the wall place
5	This place is awesome. We had the ramyun and its so flavorful and yummi. I specially loved the egg inside. We were lucky because we came early for lunch and we found a table but within minutes there was a line up. Tables clear out quickly tho.
5	Lived up to the reviews! I brought friends who know Korean food better than I and right away they were happy telling me this joint reminded them of lunch places they remembered from living there, the prices and decor felt right and oddly homey, and the food when it arrived (almost immediately) was among the most authentic they'd had. As for me, all I know is: delicious! The bibimbap was full of perfect fresh ingredients, crispy in the stone bowl, amazingly healthy and so crazy good I wanted to curl up inside it. The spicy ramyun was bangin (so much so that I barely paused when I got broth in my eye and was nearly blinded. No problem. Keep slurping, it'll sort itself out.) The Bulgogi Ramyun was as good as Rawan K promised, and all these 3 big hot bowls, plus two yummy appetizers and we still paid under 10$ each. Huge love for GaNaDaRa!
5	Wow, this place is so delicious that I went 2 days in a row because clearly one bibimbap just isn't enough.   GaNaDaRa is only about a 3 minute walk from Guy-Cocordia metro, but I never would have spotted it if it hadn't been for a friend inviting me to join her.  I have a huge soft spot for Korean food and an even softer spot for bibimbap so when she said it was affordable and close by I was in! The bibimbap was so very fresh and tasty and the sauce it came with was magical.  It added such a delicious combination of spice, texture and tang.  mwah! (*kisses 5 fingers and then opens hand up to the heavens)The staff was quick and kind even though the place was packed. The bulgogi and spicy ramyuns were so heartwarming that  I instantly imagined coming here on fall afternoons.  All in all 5, maybe 6 stars.  There's nothing not to love.  and they love you back.  There's some writing on the wall behind the cash that tells you so.
5	This is a great find. Good prices, traditional Korean food that tastes great and authentic. I lived in Korea for a while and this is the first time I had chamchi kimbap (kind of like a Korean style tuna sushi) that tasted just like the kimbap I remember.  I highly recommend it. Especially since the price is a great $5.50. The vibe and food is more a lunchtime atmosphere, small place/quick service, but it is good for a simple dinner. They don't serve alcohol (or soju). But you get the regular free side dishes with your meal (both times I was given two kinds of kimchi - spicy and pickled). For a good meal, I recommend: -Dak Balls (deep fried chicken) and a Chamchi Kimbap (tuna/rice roll)or-Hot (Dolsat) Bipimbop (a rice / vegetable / meat stirfry that cooks in the bowl you get).Each meal will run you about $10. I highly recommend this place. I will go back many times. Worth every penny.
5	Very good food.   Some of the best I have had anywhere.   Very good prices.  For our trip to Montreal this was some of the best we had there.  We were able to get a table when we arrived but soon after that they started to line up.   The food comes out fast and they move the people through as well.
5	Did the quick lunch thing and loved it. Bibimbap was pretty close to best in town. Atmosphere very relaxed and can get crowded and BUSY around lunch time, but well worth the wait. Oh yeah, under 15$ all in and a great deal for the meal. Enjoy...
4	My brother stayed in Montreal for 6 months and said this was the best cheap spot he found.  The restaurant did a very good job at utilized every square foot.  The atmosphere was very cosy and the food was good.  Our group tried the bibimbap, seafood ramen, rice with squid, and the dak balls.  The ramen was decent for a restaurant not dedicated to ramen.  Good amount of mussels in the dish.  Bibimbap and the squid was also reported to be good.  The dak balls (fried chicken) was okay.  Not very crunchy.  Good Korean restaurant in French Canada.
3	The food was really great, and the portions were HUGE.My only complain with the place is that the service was really bad... The waiters never come to pick up finished plates so it was difficult to eat with so many empty bowls and plates on such a tiny table. Instead, they just stand in front of the computer looking for which music video they should play next.The menu was printed landscape and badly oriented in such a way that one must kept on turning one's neck in order to read the menu from pages to pages. Furthermore, they only have plastic knives and forks, which was very inconvenient for eating their overcooked stiff pancake.Besides all of the above, the dishes were delicious and well-prepared. I just hope that they can improve their service, it is a restaurant after all, not a fast-food chain.
2	I order dolsot bibimbap at every Korean restaurant and it just wasn't good here. Hardly any meat and no sauce. A positive was the mushrooms. I preferred the bibimbap at Tianxia Coreen Restaurant a few blocks away.
4	This is an awesome place for Korean food at a reasonable price in the downtown area. I've tried a bunch of dishes, but my favorites are the fried chicken (Dak Tuikim), chili chicken (Dak Ball), and tuna kimbap (Chamchi Kimbap). The short ribs (Galbi) and dumplings (Mandu) are really delicious too! There are maybe 10 tables and counter-seating, but it feels really authentic of a small Seoul restaurant - complete with MNET playing on the flat-screen (that's one of the Korean music networks). It's really hot in the restaurant though, and if you're eating spicy food, you'll be sweating heavily. Plan accordingly and wear layers so you can semi-undress.
5	We got potstickers, bulgogi rayuman and bibibap and our total was only a little over $20! What a deal for such delicious food. Personally I preferred the bibibap (nothing can beat the crispy rice that forms on the bottom of your bowl) and was not super impressed with the rayuman. The place is a bit small so is ideal for couples or small groups. We got there around 630 on a Friday and it was a full house. The food comes out really quick so we didn't have to wait long to be seated or to be served. Would definitely go there again in a heartbeat.
4	Nice! The service was much better this time! Orders were taken really fast and food came out quickly.The dishes are seasoned nicely and the Dolsot Bibimbap was sizzling hot and mouth-watering. It is not really seasoned so you'll need the Gochujang to make it shine, they give you a whole bottle so dig in!The Ramyun was pretty mediocre, nothing too outstanding. The Chamchi Kimbap, on the other hand, was outstanding. I especially liked the toasted sesame seed on top of every piece, it contrasts the texture quite nicely as well as complementing the dish. The only downside is that I tasted canned tuna, which was disappointing.I guess there are certain dishes not to order in this place, because they are prepared with less care and given less attention. My advice is go for the Bibimbap, as well as any other rice dishes, you won't be disappointed.
5	This restaurant is simply amazing, the best Korean restaurant I have been to in Montreal and when I got the bill for 2, I laughed so hard because it was only 11$!!!! Highly recommend they make really awesome ramen in a casserole with bulgogi beef!!!
4	Visited the restaurant after reading all the praising reviews and I was not disappointed. I arrived around dinner time, so it was no surprise that it was very packed. While there was a small line up, we were able to grab a table  for 2 within 15 minutes. Every dish looked amazing. They start you off with a small appetizer of kimchi and pickled vegetables, as do most Korean restaurants. We ordered the bibimbap,Dongatsu and the ham kimbap which all arrived very quickly. The bibimbap was by far my favourite, with super fresh crispy veggies and flavourful beef. Personally, I like my dishes on the spicy side so it was nice for them to give you a sauce bottle( not sure what exactly it was, spicy bean sauce, I presume). Though I wish it could have been hotter, I guess next time I'll go with the bibimbap in the stone bowl to keep it hot throughout the meal. I would definitely recommend this place, and it looks like there are plenty of regulars who stop here for a quick meal. It's a bit tricky to maneuver around the tables though, especially when it's around dinner time as the restaurant is very small.
5	Really nice for cheap korean snack food! Good prices, good service, well prepared food.If you want to test the waters with korean food, GaNaDaRa has a good selection to choose from
4	Small restaurant - amazing food! It's a tiny place, with lovely quotes and decorations on the wall. Not much space to move around but good enough. If you go in a group of 4 and more, be prepared to wait for around 5 - 10 mins for a table. If you're less than 4, then you'll be fine. The dishes are pretty delicious for such a cheap price - around 7$ for each plate! (I was shocked when it came time to pay for the bill.) The service was nice - although some servers don't speak French.4 stars for a nice restaurant at such a cheap price!
4	Yummy!  A perfect little dish of kimchees started lunch, its tangyness making sure that I was ready for a hearty meal.Then I had the Pork Tonkatsu - a dish of beautifully deep-fried breaded pork served alongside a mound of rice and shredded cabbage. I'm not one to wax poetic about cabbage but I'll make an exception this time. I mixed the crispy veg and its sauce with the rice and discovered a whole new taste experience! The toothsome cabbage blended with sticky rice was a perfect counterpoint to the crunchiness of the pork and the satisfying squish of the mozzarella cheese that oozed unctuously from between the slices. OMG So good!For desert... No room for desert. I couldn't even finish my plate so at $12 my meal was value for money.The small resto is cozy, and was jam packed with millennials. The buzz of conversations was comfortable and gave the place a friendly homey vibe.If you dine alone on a -25C day, make sure to grab a spot at the mirrored bar. The radiator below keeps your feet and belly warm. The food makes your belly a happy one.Service was friendly, prompt and efficient. Can't ask for more than that!
4	where was this restaurant when i was a full-time student? anyone living on a student budget or looking for an introduction to korean food (so no bbq) but doesn't want to break the bank, this is the place.not everything on their menu are hits though.the praise seafood pajeon (egg pancake) was a big miss for me. it tasted more like egg than anything else and was sadly lacking in flavor.the dak balls on the other hand wiped the frown off my face. deep fried chicken pieces in sweet and spicy chili sauce. the chili sauce is more sweet than spicy though. there's a tingling on your tongue but nothing to weep about.as for the ramyun, while delicious, turned out to be those instant ramen package you can buy at the grocery store. they do add stuff to it but it still is instant ramen which is ludicrous.the bibimbap is what you'd expect from a good bibimbap. load with fresh ingredients and comes in a hot stone bowl which crisp up the rice as you make your way to the bottom of the bowl.place is small so you can hear people's chatter, there may be a wait if you're a group, service is mosty in english and there's k-pop playing on the tv.words of caution: i burned my tongue as i didn't expect the food to come blazing hotall in all, good food for cheap
5	This is easily the best Korean restaurant I have eaten at in Montreal. Everything about this place is perfect from the tasty kimchi served at the beginning of the meal to the high quality chopsticks and spoon to the bowls and plates the dishes are served in. The food is extremely well priced and the quality is worthy of me calling it one of my favourite restaurants in Montreal.  The uniqueness of the dishes make this a very special restaurant and I can't wait to go back. If you don't believe me just try the famous poutine.  I am very particular when it comes to eating ramen in a restaurant as I feel that no one can make it like myself, however I was very pleasantly surprised. The best broth I have ever tasted.
5	A really reallyGood Korean spot to grab something to eat.It is also very affordable, service is fast and friendly.Nonetheless, be ready to wait , usually packed in this 30 seats restaurants.Anyway , we started with the Korean crepe , which was oily, but tastes excellent and crispy.Then, we went through our kimchi kimbab , hand down the best kimbab in Montreal  I've gotten since Vancouver ..Last and not least , we got the Korean poutine , which is a poutine based with rice cakes and kimchi --tasty and spicy it is indeed very different from the regular poutine . One can get tired of this dish pretty easily thou ! It should still fill one to two person easily .
4	Great place to order some food and share with friends. Oh Korean guys are so cute lol.
4	Before this visit, I had only had Korean style BBQ in Seoul. This was well cooked, fast, and plenty of food. The restaurant itself is the smallest little restaurant but is quite busy! Loved the chop sticks and forks. They also play Korean music videos - which are crazy, but awesome.
3	Just OK
5	This resto is cozy and very welcoming. The food is great plus affordable, deliciously filling. The service is good too. Gone there 3 days in a row since I couldn't get enough of their dukkboki & the ramyum one too!
5	This place is delicious. Try the bulgogi dupbap (seasoned beef with rice) or dak balls (fried chicken) for a delicious meal! The service has always been great when I've been here. Even when they asked me to switch tables to accommodate a bigger group (which I didn't mind at all) they gave me a drink on the house! Plus you can watch K-pop music videos while you eat. Just be prepared to wait 15-20 minutes on a weekend night for a table. It's a popular place.
3	Ganadara is one of the better Korean restaurants in Montreal, but i still can't justify giving them 4 or 5 stars. I've been to quite a few Korean restaurants and one of my favorite thing about them is the little appetizers. Sadly Ganadara doesn't provide that, just the two types of kimchi. Food wise, I thought the tofu soup wasn't as hot as it could be, but the bimbimbap was delicious. I would recommend coming early to avoid the line-up and order the tobboki poutine. The poutine is one of my favorite dishes from Ganadara.
4	In the city of Montreal, this is my favourite Korean restaurant. The price is average for the food, but the taste is there. I love kimchi and was disappointed that it didn't taste up to par. But everything else was yummy. I love the bbp. The environment is very cute. The only downside of this restaurant is the lineup. Go early.
4	Good good at good prices, the poutine is top notch, I think my only issue is the lack of seasoning on some dishes but it's delicious and you will wait in line
4	The taste of Naengmyeon( cold noodle) simply reminds me of the one in my hometown...the flavor is rich and fresh. Absolute love!
4	Ganadara is easily the most affordable korean restaurant in town (even though the prices went up). It's very convenient and friendly. Although I've been there multiple times and have already tried everything on their menu, I would definitely go again.
4	This is a nice unassuming place with cheap and solid satisfying dishes!!!The chicken here is good, I had the chicken with Ganadara sauce, tasty not too sweet with a side of beer and it feels like you're in Seoul on a side street somewhere just nibbling on snacks.The ramen is the dried type that you rehydrate, but they make an amazing broth to put it in, it's like hangover food korean style.The paejeon (pancake) is crispy, I had the one with bacon in it, oh so good. tobboki was very nice too really hits the spot. I love this place, nothing fancy, just lots of comfort and cheap, definitely recommend it :)
5	Pros-Tasty foods-Quantity -Not so expensive -Various choicesCons-Small place. Must wait at lunch & dinner time.
4	Really good, the food was really authentic and I was craving korean food for a long time, and this restaurant delivered it. I'll come back for sure. Only one little thing, the place is a little bit too small. I feel like on a Saturday night j won't be able to eat there. But it's awesome
5	Small place, long line to wait for seat. But it's worth it. The price is decent, food is great and the service is awesome. The appetizers are good for its price. The main dishes are pretty big in size. I like the service there, I had good experience. The kim chi is somewhat different from other places. I'm a bit disappointed that they don't have the pork bone stew (not sure what's it call) but I'll be back, there seems to have a lot of thong on the menu I wanted to try.
4	Definitely a late night kind of restaurant in my opinion (especially since there's no line up later in the night). The staff is super kind and helpful, and to me the food is just very cheap for the size of the portions and the taste. Love
