5	Cool little shop ... It has about twelve different dipping flavours. I have had 4 of the dips and they have all been great. If you are looking for a quaint little locally owned place, I recommend this place. The store is small so be prepared to order then take a stroll
5	I went to this ice cream shop tonight with my 6-year-old. She was excited but then went I got there, I found out that I only had $6.50 in cash! When it was my turn, I asked the lady (who i assumed was the owner) straight out if it was enough to get the large cup + dip + sprinkles. Her reply was "It's a little bit more but don't worry about it". I was so grateful! We got the big cup of yummy ice cream to share the way we wanted and she asked the cashier to give us a "coupon" so that it made sense at the register... What a great experience. Needless to say, I went back and left what I owed and more in the tip can to say thank you. It doesn't happen often but this was truly uplifting experience. :) Thank you!
4	little soft serve shop that opened some months ago between quartier latin and le plateau near st-laurent boulevard.place is lovely with very lovely owners.what you get here is a soft serve with a choice of dips and toppings. they do have other offering that is soft serve base but its all about the dip here. pretty straight forward process. choose your size, the dip and topping. you are allowed a combo of 2. either 2 dips (one dark and one white) or a dip and topping or 2 toppings.the soft serve is ok-ish. definitely not the best, i'd say more like middle of the pack soft serve if such thing exists. reminds me of mcdonalds soft serve. i'm not saying its bad, it just doesn't really stand out. what stood out on the other hand is the dips and toppings. i only had raspberry cheesecake but its one really good cheesecake dip. and the pistachio nuts that i chose as topping, real pistachio nuts and plentiful of them!the only bad is the humidity. if its too hot outside, the soft serve will melt and make the dip and topping crust fall off faster than you have time to eat it.other than that, its cheap, decent soft serve, very good dip and toppings.with ripples nearby though, its hard to recommend la diperie but if you are in the mood for interesting dipped soft serve, you should definitely go. if you have kids, its a no brainer!
4	Dip your vanilla soft serve in one of more than a dozen flavored shells and a topping of your choice! Everything looked so good, wish we could try it all. I got the cheesecake dip w/ pistachio topping, perfect combo, but tbh I was getting tired of the pistachio after while. My bf got the cookie dough shell w/ salted pretzel pieces, now that was even better! Sooo good! They are open till late so it was a perfect dessert spot after dinner. They serve other cold dessert goods, but the dipped cones were the main attraction FTW. Minus one start because they only had vanilla flavor.
4	On our last night in Montreal, which happened to be a Monday, we were very sad that Kem CoBa was closed. You see, the boyfriend's favourite dessert is ice cream. "Have you ever seen an ice cream place more reviewed? MORE LOVED?" Feeling defeated we were driving around looking for a place to get coffee before getting on the highway to head home when I spotted the tiny little place that is La Diperie. "STOP THE CAR, ICE CREAM!" The place is cash only, which ended up being a bit tricky for us, but after digging through the car we scrounged together the $4,50 for one medium cone to share. Through much deliberation and at the recommendation of the extremely nice owner, we had a medium cone with 70% dark chocolate dip and pistachios. From the first bite, I can tell you this place is all about the dip & toppings. The chocolate was great, and they don't hold back on the pistachios. The soft serve was just good. Creamy, slightly rich, better quality than  typical ice cream truck garbage, but I can't see why anyone would pick soft serve over real ice cream. I would have also liked to see soft serve flavours other than vanilla. The real down point was they only have cake cones (yuck), I would pay extra for a sugar or waffle cone. Finally as another Yelper pointed out this soft serve does melt fast, so eat quickly!Great place, fantastic staff, decent selection, open late, the perfect end to a weekend.
4	Very nice little ice cream place. They only have soft serve ice cream, but you get to choose your dip and the toppings. I've only been once so have yet to try all the dips but i was very happy with my first experience. The ice cream itself is what you would expect (it's classic soft serve), but the chocolate/caramel dip with bits of crushed Oreos was awesome.I will definitely go back the next time I'm craving some sweetness!
