3	What a hidden treasure.  Tucked away in corner strip center at 19th Ave. and TBird next to high school we found a new sushi and japanese restaurant.  Very small but comfy.  Booths, tables and sushi bar.  Looks like it's run by the owners - an old couple.  We ordered the bento box specials for lunch today.  $6.95 = choice of soup + egg roll + tempura veggies, + 1/2 a California roll, + white rice and a choice of several entrees.  Bro picked General Tao Chicken.  I picked Mongolian Beef.  Both were great.  We'll be back for bento boxes and to try the real sushi and sashimi.  Spread the word - they need business.
4	3rd visit.  I bring new people with me every time.  Bento boxes were loved.  Sushi combos were loved.  Roll combos were loved.  Crab Ragoons were loved.  Chicken Curry loved.  Service may be a little slow if crowded because Grandma and Grandpa Sushi run the place alone but it's worth the wait.  5 of us ordered whatever we wanted and have leftovers - bill less than $60 with tip.  Would have been $100 for 3 of us at our regular sushi joint.
1	Went here after a long day and all we wanted was sushi and beer. 1) Bar: No liquour license, no beer, no sake, no nada2) Service: It was just a guy and his wife, and the service was very poor. It took a while to get the sushi menu, after she picked up the sushi order, they neither asked if we'd like anything else, nor took the menus away. Our water was only refilled when we went to the kitchen to ask for more water. She never came to check on the table or if we were happy. Food preparation took nearly an hour and the seemed very poorly organized. The husband kept running back and forth gathering things as opposed to making sushi. Our whole order was not made, but at least we weren't charged for it. 3) Appearance: The bathroom was flooded and water was flooding into the cleanup area of the kitchen. It appeared (thank god) to be coming from the water heater but the smell was still horrible. 4) Fish (cuz that's what we came for right?): It was okay, not fantastic, not horrible.
4	We have driven by for years and glad to have finally stopped by to check it out. Pleasantly surprised to find a neat clean dining area. We chose a sushi sashimi combo and chinese chicken with garlic. Meal came with miso and really the best egg drop soup. Good size sushi and sashimi freshly made. Everything was good. Its a small operation so service was personalized. We will come again and glad to patronize this new find. Next time I plan to try their katsu or udon noodle soup.
