3	We live next door so we were really looking forward to their opening.  My girlfriend and I went tonight and were slightly disappointed.  Keep in mind you get exactly what you pay for and they did just open.  Here were the two things that stuck out from my first visit:1. TOPPINGS:  Very clearly pre-canned, pre-cut everything.  My girlfriend got the chicken pesto and the meat looked like it came out of a bag of the pre-cut chicken you'd get from Costco.  She added kalamata olives and they were salty to the point where she took them off (keep in mind she loves kalamata olives). I got a hawaiian pizza and the same could be said for the pineapple and other toppings.  It's hard to gripe when you're paying so little but there is something to be said about a pizzeria that actually does REAL food prep.  I highly recommend that they ditch the pre-fab meat/veggies even if it drives the price up a few bucks because as of now everything tastes very mediocre. 2. SODA MACHINE:  They have one of those touch screen machines that has multiple flavors that come out of one place.  I'm not a fan of these in general and when we were waiting for our food, we watched a boy proceed to try a flavor, dump it, and mash the screen with his hands to choose another flavor, about 5 times.  It did not help our appetite at all.  Thankfully we had beers.The staff was very friendly, the restaurant was clean and overall I like what they have done, that being said Pizza Me! needs to do something to separate themselves from their competitors.  We will definitely be back, just hope to see things improve.
4	As a neighborhood resident, we always try to frequent and support our local businesses. Pizza Me is located in a center which has needed some resurgence (great location-but over the years has turned over businesses more than it should). The owners have done an excellent job in creating momentum with the local community, prior to their grand opening on May 3, 2014. A quick visit on a Friday night, we found the place bustling with activity, which was what we had hoped for them. Pizza's come in 1 size (personal) and also a smaller version for kids. A host of large salad offerings are also available. You order at the counter, and the staff was quick and efficient; very helpful and they were well trained. After ordering, you move down the line to select your drink choice (beers, wine, soda, shakes, etc). Pizzas are placed in a visible pizza stone oven, which is a nice change to see. After payment, you grab your sodas, etc and pick a table. Outside seating is fantastic and perfect for gatherings, etc. Active, light and bright atmosphere. Within 10 minutes, our pizzas and salads arrived. Our party (7 total with kids) enjoyed a variety of pizzas that were excellent and came out piping hot. The crust is very thin, and slices were perfect size. Taste on all items was great. This is NOT the thick crust, blob of cheese and processed toppings you find at Pizza Hut or elsewhere; simple, fresh, and quality ingredients were evident. Salads are huge, and can easily feed 2 ppl. Good selection of beers, and a superb soda machine the kids will love (every flavor and version of Coke, Diet Coke, Sprite, etc, etc - this was much appreciated!). Shakes were great, thick and flavorful. For 2 adults, and 1 child (3 pizzas, 2 sodas, glass of wine - just under $30 - you can't beat it for the quantity and quality!). Overall, I will absolutely continue to visit and support this new local gem. The owners really thought through the flow of the place, trained staff well, and are offering a nice twist to the regular pizza place. A great place for kids after games - with or without the parents. Honestly, I can't think of anything I would do better. All of us in the local neighborhood welcome them, and look forward to seeing the place become a local favorite for years to come. Great job Pizza Me, and CONGRATULATIONS!
5	I have been to Pizza Me a couple of times since they have opened. Really like the concept. All Pizzas are the same price and you get to choose what toppings you want. Pizza crust is thin with an excellent taste. The gluten free crust was also excellent. Cost was very reasonable for what you get. I have recommended to several friends and family and will be back for sure. Wicked Good.
5	The Crust, the crust, the crust.This is some great Pizza, and very wallet friendly. Only a few Beer Choices, but what they have works great with Pizza (or salad , for you health peeps)My Favorite is the Greenhouse Pizza ADD CHICKEN, ADD BACON--BOOM!
3	Why can't pizza joints offer pizza by the slice?  Who wants a whole pizza - even if it's not that big -  when they're eating by themselves?  This is a cool-looking place with a friendly staff, but in terms of pizza, aside from the "no slices" thing,  I think the crust is too thin (but then I prefer thick crust - the thicker the better).  Also, it seems  my request for "extra pepperoni" fell on deaf ears.   All in all though, the pizza tasted pretty yummy.
3	OK, cheap pizza, but nothing special. I was encouraged when I walked in, but the bland pizza and very mediocre service probably won't have us going back. We ordered 5 pizzas and they yelled out our name over about 10 minutes. Would be nice to have everyone eat at once...that's not "wicked fast" IMO. Lots if work to do to rival Sauce.
5	I've been waiting for Pizza Me to open. This place if aweome!!! What a great concept!! A wood-fired pizza with whatever topping you want for a little over $7.00?? Delicious thin crust, and the toppings are fantastic. A note to the Jordan, in a previous review. That's a really lousy thing to say about the place. I'd like to know where you go for pizza where every ingredient is prepped as each pizza is made. Maybe if you want to pay 2X the price. And "no" I wouldn't want to pay extra for them to do things differently. You need to go to a high end pizza restaurant if you want that. The restaurant is sparking  clean, and the employees are friendly. I LOVE Pizza Me and I will be back again and again.
5	I was so happy to find out that a quality pizza restaurant was opening up right by where I lived! The inside is very large, clean, and bright (a huge change from the small run-down liquor store that was there before). They also have a decent sized patio with misters. We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door. For less than $8 you can create your own pizza with as many toppings as you want! Yes, as many as you want! Most places I've been to charge you for every topping you want which can get pricey. They also have some signature pizzas already created if you're not creative. The crust is great, thin and crispy.I loved the Coke fountain machine too. The drink seemed a little pricey for the small cup, but that's just a minor complaint. My favorite combination was Orange Sprite with Vanilla Sprite.I'll definitely be back the next time I want a quick and delicious meal. Now if only they had chicken wings...
5	So I was planning on going to Burger King next door but I caught the aroma of pizza. I looked to my left and there was a new pizza place! I'm kind of picky on pizza, but always willing to try a new place.  The pizza is 11 inches, thin cracker crust (regular or gluten free) and you can get any toppings you want for $7.97 with tax. I thought that was a good value because most places charge per topping. They also have special pizzas (i.e. BBQ, Pesto, Meat, etc. ) for the same price. Pizza is cooked in a stone oven. Since the restaurant is new, it was very clean and bright, and has the Coke machine where you can get 200 flavors! Was an unexpected find and will defiantly eat here again.
5	I love this place! I'd given up on pizza due to the carbs and calories, but at Pizza Me I was able to build a great thin crust low calorie, low fat pizza from their long list if ingredients.  Service was super fast and everyone was nice. Think of a Chipotle for pizza and you get the idea. Definitely worth coming back.
5	THIN THIN THIN crust here, yummy and perfectly cooked! They have a MINI pizza which is perfect for smaller appetites. Not a chain, so give it a try even if you have had others. Great sauce, not too overly seasoned.
4	Really happy to see a decent and unique food choice come to our neighborhood!  I love pizza and always have.  I have a recent Celiac diagnosis and have been trying gluten free pizza to find good ones.  Pizza Me! has one of the best gluten free crusts in the state!  No kidding - it doesn't have that artificial taste or off-putting texture like I've found in so many others.  The pizza is a fresh and light style that is a nice change of pace.  My husband has liked all that he has tried (he does the traditional crust) and also loves the fact the the place carries Devil's Ale in cans!  We've never eaten in - we are waiting until the weather turns nicer and we'll enjoy the patio - and carryout is quick and easy!  We have already been a few times and will continue to go.  The staff is always nice and inviting and we've met the owner, Earl.  The restaurant is very clean.
5	After arriving back at my office down the street from this gem, only to notice my leftover pizza from lunch (from a competitor that shall remain nameless) had been STOLEN out of the work fridge (leftover thieves are literally the scum of the Earth) by a colleague of mine. I decided I was on a mission to ignore my cholesterol and live my dream of having pizza for lunch followed by pizza for dinner! Well, thank Italian Jesus for this glorious culinary masterpiece! Fast casual Pizza? Are you kidding me?! The obvious comparison is Chipotle, it even has similar decor, but if that's who you're being compared to in the food industry, you're doing something right! Let me tell you, this place is. I will DEFINITELY be back and more then likely end up opening the eyes of the pizza thief on my team at work, to the fact that without driving far, and paying a lot,  pizza can be in your belly AND you'll be able to sleep at night knowing it was attained the way it's supposed to be....by paying for it :)
1	I went here a few nights ago for the first time, and I must say it will be the last time. The restaurant reminded me of Sauce, but the quality of the pizza and ingredients left much to be desired. Pizza Me! offers unlimited toppings, which sounds good on the surface, but I found the ones I got to be lacking in taste. The pizza itself has an ultra thin crust that tasted more like cardboard than pizza. It had a bit of an aftertaste too, and I felt the need to have something else to get rid of it.The dining area had issues too. The sun hits this place without anything to block it, so it is difficult to find a table where you are not somewhat bothered by it. The floor was dirty, and the tables didn't look that clean either.If this is not enough to consider staying away, it is worth noting that the pizza comes in one size only, 11 inches, so no option for getting just slices and not really something that you would have enough left over to take home. We actually had a piece of pizza left and decided it was better to throw it out than bother to take it home.
5	Found this gem on groupon and love it! Been here 3x now and have not been disappointed. The pizzas are thin and delicious and the service is great. The owner and employees could not be nicer or more accommodating. I highly suggest this place!
5	What a pleasant surprise! Pizza choices for all!  I have a family of three and all of us have different tastes.  My young daughter had an extra cheesy,  hubby had the veggie,  I had ham n pineapple. Wow everyone was happy! The thin crust was excellent.  The staff was friendly and atmosphere inviting.  I appreciate the wicked fast service,  especially with a small child,  time is of the essence when they get hungry. We have been back and will keep on coming!
5	Wow!! This place is fast and delicious! They offer a great spread of toppings and I love how your pizza is fresh baked! The price is super reasonable for the quality you receive. I ordered a pizza with olive oil and basically all the vegetables they had. It came out hot and fresh. My boyfriend had a pesto pizza and their pesto is AMAZING!!! Seriously, next time I go I am getting the pesto for sure. Don't forget to try the Nutella and strawberry dessert! So good! Oh and the milkshakes... The Oreo milkshake is to die for! It's thick but not too thick and I love how they use real ice cream. Pizza Me you got it! I'll see ya soon ;)
5	I waited until the third time I ate here to write a review.  Their pizza is one of the best thin crust pizzas I've ever had. Crust is never too soft, nor is it too crispy, just right.  The staff is friendly and explains the different options they have to offer.  Great overall experience and AWESOME thin crust pizza. Would recommend to anyone.  Keep it up!
5	I love this pizza and the salads. For those who complain about the thin crust not having much flavor, I disagree totally. The crust is fresh and made each day in Tempe. For those who are gluten sensitive, there is a gluten free dough. Love being able to design my own pizza for under 8 bucks. And this isn't a small pizza either. Keep up the good work Pizza Me!  You rock!
5	I love this place. The pizzas are the perfect size and the crust is tasty. I recommend the buffalo chicken pizza with bacon and the Nutella sweet bite.
5	It was fast, tasty, and at a great price. I love how fresh everything is and how they customize it to the way you want it. Their salads are awesome too, and completely customizable. The restaurant was very clean and the service was extremely friendly. We ordered our meal to go, and it was perfect when we got home.  I'll definitely be back!
4	This place is so cool. It is like chipotle for pizza. Fast, good, and you make the call. It is lacking completely in the environment just like chipotle. Take out is a good idea, but it works perfect for a lunch during the work week.
5	Thin crust personal pizzas that are made to order and cooked in a super hot oven so they're ready in a flash. Very tasty!They have some suggested combinations of toppings to choose from. Otherwise, you pick your sauce (red, pesto, olive oil, or BBQ); then you pick your cheese(s), and toppings. Pizza is made to order and ready in a few minutes. Yummy pizza with home made crust that is both crispy and pleasantly chewy and a soda for $10.For those of you that know Sauce, this is very similar, every bit as good or better, and a great value. It is also faster than Sauce, which is a bonus if you are pressed for time.
1	Was fooled by the signage. The face of the shop says wicked fast. They have a sign near the register that says how long the oven is taking to cook that day. Was in the shopping center at lunchtime & decided to give it a try.  What I didn't know was that they don't have pizza by the slice. They build, then bake a personal pizza on pre-made dough that's just sitting out when you order it. The time it takes to cook it wasn't that much faster than anywhere else. Ordered the mini, cause really just wanted a slice not a whole pizza. The mini is too small & the regular is too big for one person. (see photo)  It tasted fine but not any better than any other place.  There is no reason to go there again.
4	Good for a quick personal and custom pizza! Sauce is okay.. but overall the pizza is good. Also, their gluten free crust is a pretty yummy for only $2 more.
4	First time eating here and ordered the "just cheese" pizza and it's pretty good, the dough could be a little bit thicker, but I would come back.
1	I tried this place when it first opened and did takeout. It was awful!. The crust was like cardboard and the whole pizza had no flavor. They need to make up their mind if fast or good is what they are aiming for.
5	5 Stars every visit I've had here! I have never liked thin crust, until my first visit to Pizza Me! There pizza's are the best, every variety I've ever tried is super delicious! The staff is super friendly and this is one of Scottsdale's best new restaurants this year, for sure!Almost everything you can custom make to your perfection, even the drink because they have those cool coca cola machines!They have a dog friendly patio too, just make sure to be a good parent and bring your leash :) They have "family happy hour" which is great on Thursday and Friday.Yum! I want to go there now while I write this review!
5	WOW. If you like pizza, this is a must! Thin crust, many options, fast and fresh.I'm really surprised by the quality of ingredients and dough. Will definitely become a regular
5	Just had lunch here and it was FANTASTIC. Pizza was made pretty quickly- the light crust makes it cook quickly in the oven. Crust was light, chewy, and one of the best I've ever had. I ordered the pesto chicken pizza and was able to customize that by adding artichokes, mushrooms, and sun-dried tomatoes (at no extra charge). I'm definitely planning on coming back. Kudos to the owner and staff!
4	Just finished up having lunch here for the first time. We walked right up to the counter with no wait (11:30am on a Tuesday) and the staff were incredibly helpful in explaining the ordering process. I went with a custom salad and added all kinds of goodies. The lettuce was crisp and fresh, i just wish it was cut into smaller pieces. The Italian dressing was really good and automatically comes on the side!The portion sizes are huge and a great value for just over $7.00 including unlimited toppings. The patio was perfect and the salad was delivered to our table within minutes.Next time I need to try one of their pizzas which looked great too!
3	Pizza Me is a nice place to relax and watch a few moments of the game on their big screen HDTV while chewing on your pie. The key takeaway for Pizza Me is that their prices at are comparable to Fired Pie on Northsight or My Pie near PV Mall, around $7.50-ish. It's your standard flat 8" pie with fresh toppings on top. But like anything made with yeast, the taste is in the crust and here, their pie is just okay.We ordered two pies, one Regina Margarita and the other their meat lovers.  Topping were on the light side (see photos) and the crust somewhat crunchy and burnt; not soft or chewy as one might expect.The folks behind the counter were very friendly and if we were grading on that alone this would be a five star review, but...Expect to pay around $10 each including drinks, more if you have a salad as we did.  We added a small tip to the receipt, but this is an order and sit down type place.  When your pies are ready, they call out your name and deliver the pizza to your table.  Nice.
5	5 Stars all the way.  Helpful staff, friendly environment, and  delicious pies.  What more could you ask for.  YUM!
