1	Awful pizza. Boring. Bland. Tasteless. I didn't even finish it.What's the deal with the all the good reviews for this chain? Doesn't make any sense to me.The sauce is watery and acidic. The crust is tough and flavorless.And yet, the place was packed when I was there....really packed!!!Could be another sign of the apocalypse.This "coal-fired, brick-oven" hustle is meaningless. Doesn't make this much better than Papa John's. But costs twice as much. Not that I'm recommending Papa John's cuz I'm not.But I am saying there are many pizza choices in Las Vegas that are better than Grimaldis. Including the newly-opened Dom DeMarco's.But for me, the little neighborhood joint on Twain called Sicili, will do just fine.Don't waste your time on this place; leave it for the pizza muggles.(If you don't know what a 'pizza muggle' is, just read the other reviews.)
5	-This place has totally redeemed its name from my previous visit to the Boca Park location. Amazing pizza, to make a long story short, and a pretty decent beer selection. Even more so in the wine department, unfortunately I have not totally educated my pallate in alot of red varietals, but I know any wino would appreciate such a vast collection.Chinedu (I hope I spelled that right) was more than willing to help me find a suitable wine, but we were kind of in a rush to visit a friend and see a show. Got to shake hands with Joe, the regional manager, if I recall correctly. The man knows what he is doing when it comes to expanding.This will definitely be a new pizza spot for me, especially because they have traditional, white and pesto options.. not to mention it is so close to my work. Thumbs up, all the way around... Congrats on the new and soon to come locations :)
5	I guess this location in the Fashion Show mall is new, but still, 2 reviews??Chalk up another 5 star.  Hands down, my choice for best NY pizza anywhere.  I've eaten at their original shop in brooklyn and this location does the Grimaldi's name justice.Keep it simple and you'll be rewarded with an awesome pizza here.And their mozzarella...damn...
4	I am a grimaldi's pizza addict. I work nearby so always call in a togo order for a personal pizza. The service is always friendly and on top of things. They don't offer many food choices. salad, pizza, and that's pretty much it, but their pizza is my favorite. I am always torn between the white pizza with meatballs or the pesto pizza with meatballs. they both just make my mouth water. mmmthis location also serves alcohol and has a bar. great for after work or after a day of shopping till you're dropping in the fashion show mall. I LOVE their red sangria.It is def worth stopping in if you are staying on the strip or shopping in the mall.
4	Where I work, people have recommended Grimaldi's Pizza. Given the opportunity, I tried their relatively new Fashion Show Mall location during our staycation.  Grimaldi' s obviously has fans. At 2 p.m., there was a ten minute wait. And they are putting up a new Grimaldi's caddy corner across Las Vegas Boulevard in the Pallazo.  With a fashion show taking place, in the vicinity of Gramaldi's, the wait was not boring. When the tables are all occupied, they hand you a beeper resembling a pizza slice. When a table is available, it goes off.  I enjoyed my personal thin crusted pizza topped with mushrooms. It seemed to be the equivalent of four slices of standard pizza. The taste and quality are commendable.  The negative is they do not sell individual slices of thick crusted pizza. New York pizza that I grew up on.  The people that recommended Grimaldi's were right. I am a fan.
5	We've been to Grimaldi's in NY and two in Nevada,  and were really looking forward to visiting the new location at fashion show mall.  It was great to see the sign to the left of the runway in the mall. The ambiance was consistent with other locations. We got a large Caesar salad and a large pizza with garlic,Italian sausage, and pepperoni. Ono! (delicious in Hawaiian).Making the experience complete was our server, Javier, who was friendly, prompt, and just an overall great guy.  On our next visit, we will stop by and personally ask for him...he's that good. Great job grimaldi's!
5	Now Vegas has 2 reasons why I dont need to go to new York anymore. Perfection in a 900 degree coal oven
2	I honestly can't believe some of the rave reviews I read here.Pizza's OK, but really nothing extraordinary. Fairly standard, typical thin-crust pizza I've had better at my local bars. Our pizza arrived less than really HOT the way I want it to arrive since pizza cools quickly. At $2 per topping I would expect them to be more generous with their toppings than Pizza Hut.  The House Salad is plain and boring. For $5 for the small salad you'd think they'd try to differentiate it from every other house salad out there... but no.Lastly, the beer is overpriced also. At $5 for a Sam Adams Lager I'd expect a tall glass or large mug. I was disappointed to see it arrive in a small, what I'm guessing to be, 12oz. glass.There is better value (better pizza and beer) for the money elsewhere. Change that...There is better pizza and beer for the money just about ANYWHERE.
4	I've heard about Grimaldi's in NY, so was surprised that they had locations in LV. Meatball Pizza with Ricotta and garlic...really awesome. Great crust, I loved it. I did take it to go but we devoured the pizza before hitting the town. The guy behind the bar was really cool too, talking about the pizza and filters and the other location, etc. Definitely get more next time I'm in town.
5	I tried Grimaldi's in NY and thought it was the best pizza ever!  So I was excited to hear that there are a few Grimaldi's locations in Vegas.  I do not have to fly across the country to get my Grimaldi fix.This location in the mall is pretty cool.  If you sit at the bar, you will have a nice view of the fashion show when they raise the stage.  I think this Grimaldi's is similar but different from the NY locations.  It tasted similar, but it was missing the WOW factor.  I think when I had it in NY, they used better ingredients.
3	I've been to another Grimaldi's and this one was a disappointment. First off, why the hardcore full court press sell to buy wine, salads, and something from the bar? If we wanted any of those items we simply would've ordered them. We were not asked once to order these items but twice. This is a pizza joint yet it really felt like going to an Olive Garden where one is pressured to buy an appetizer, cocktail, or dessert in order to jack up the bill. Ridiculous. Now, the pizza.  The pizza was mediocre at best and certainly not up to snuff at the other Grimaldi's location we've been too. Ordered large sausage pie but it was really light on the sauce and the cheese. I actually like sauce all over my pie and cheese as well but the cook just drizzled on the sauce and then filled in the gaps with cheese. In other words the entire pizza was not covered with sauce or cheese. Also they usually put a decent amount of fresh basil on their pizzas but not this time. Maybe two small pieces of basil on an entire large pie? Very disappointing and as a result of my wife and I will not be back to this location. I guess we will pay a couple bucks more and tryout Dom Demarco's across town. my wife did order the homemade tiramasu to go and she said it was pretty good. It was 5 dollars. 1 other strange thing even know this is a sit down restaurant it does not have bathrooms??? That was also a pretty serious turn off for us.
4	I won't go as far as to say its the best pizza ever, but it is worth the trip into a maze of a mall.  Solid food, good bar, and great service.I was in the mood for pizza in Vegas, and this place was highest rated, so why the hell not.  I was not disappointed.  Check it out.
5	Shopping the other day and stopped in for lunch.  I heard good things about Grimaldi's so I was curious.  The waiter was very nice and friendly.  I ordered the large Mediterranean salad to share.  The waiter was kind enough to inform us that a small salad would be plenty to share for two.  We also ordered a small pepperoni pizza to share.  They also have smaller personal pizzas if you want to go that route.Wow, the dressing on the salad was fantastic.  I was looking around to see if they sold it in a bottle to take home.  I was too busy and involved in eating this delicious salad and forgot to ask.  Then the pizza came...The small pizza was definitely enough for two to share.  This is the best pizza I have ever had.  No grease?? Thin crust. Pepperoni isn't even my favorite.  We managed to eat all of it except one piece.  I wanted to though, but I was too full.  I kept looking at it, contemplating.  This was a happy day!!
5	I've eaten here quite a few times everywhere from lunch with co-works to kids and the husband on the weekend. They never disappoint and they give you a free pizza on your birthday. I never had pizza this good until I ate here. The only other place that I've had since then that compares is Dom Demarcos Pizzeria that a co-worker recommended we try. Overall I give them 5 stars!
4	Good pizza, great service.Do yourself a favor and do a meatball, ricotta cheese, and mushroom pizza. Small is good for 2 people fear not.
4	I am glad they opened this location - more convenient for us to get to when we are in town.  The pizza is really good and it's reasonably priced for the Strip.  We ordered a personal white pizza, half with sausage and mushroom and half with pepperoni and mushroom.  Such yummy greasy goodness!  Our server tried to get us to order their small sized pizza but we ended up going with the personal and it was more than enough for two people.  You get a total of four slices whether you get the personal or small; it's just that the slices are bigger if you get the small and of course more expensive.  They charge for each topping so it can get pretty costly depending on what you get.  We were pretty full from the pizza but we got cheesecake for dessert anyway :p  We were hoping to try their butterscotch toffee cheesecake but it wasn't available.  Instead, we got the peanut butter cup cheesecake which in my opinion wasn't anything to write home about.  Service was sloooow.  I believe it was just our server, but still, that aspect of our dinner could've been better.  I really enjoyed their pizza though and can't wait for the Palazzo location to open.  Will definitely go back for more!
4	I heard really good things about this place....only problem it's all the way in NYC....Fortunately, I was able to find this place in Vegas so I had to try it. OMG it's hellla bomb. I guess NY style pizza really lives up to it's reputation & it's huge. We also got a large salad to split between 3 girls and still had some left over. I really wish I could eat grimaldi's everyday....FML
4	Grimaldi's Pizzeria is located inside the Fashion show Mall (1st Level), try to park near the Catwalk. I ended up parking at the Blue Zone, which was at the other end of the mall!The Pizzeria is small, so make sure to call ahead if you have a big party. They do have a back table that can seat a party of 8. The rest of the restaurant seats party of 2 and 4, but I'm sure they can squeeze in 6 if you get creative. The manager, Anthony, was great and helpful with the menu and what Grimaldi's has to offer! The service was good, but unfortunately slow....forgotten beer orders and the waiter didn't come to our table till about 10 minutes after our arrival...crickets, crickets, crickets.We ordered three Large pizza - White, Pesto, and Pepperoni with Sausage( enough for 8) and a Large Cesar Salad (enough for 4, good portions). This restaurant is not stingy and I love it! Our order was sadly mixed up, so they sent out some pizza for us to nibble on before our actual orders came. Thank you Grimaldi's!My favorite pizza was their Pesto Pizza. I would have to say that their dough here is the staple of everything...so light and crisp! I could eat a whole personal pizza by myself!!! Their pizza is on the lighter side of things, not overwhelming with toppings and flavors. Simple, but good!The White Pizza was okay for me; I'm a little bias from Secret Pizza's White Pizza from Cosmopolitan, sorry!  The Pepperoni pizza with Sausage was delicious, where I actually enjoyed the sausages more than the pepperoni. Weird, I know...The decor is here is also very traditional sticking with the New York theme with lots of cool pics posted on the walls. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for any pizza lover and it's casual enough to come for any occasions!
3	2 stars for service.5 stars for how they address mistakes.3 stars for the pizza. My elite friends wanted to try this right before we left Vegas. I had been to the one in NYC, and supposedly they use NYC water here. I was willing to give it a shot. I still dream about NYC pizza 4 years after my visit there (I couldn't eat California pizza for 6 months afterward; it just made me angry) so I'm a little skeptical of anything this far from the east coast. It's a small restaurant inside of a mall, and gets crowded quickly. We were a party of 7. You can see the fashion shows from the restaurant.We ordered a large white pizza, a large pesto, and a large meat pizza, along with a large Caesar salad. The salad was perfect. Not for the health-conscious with the amount of dressing used, but perfect. The they started bringing us small pizzas. We told the server that we had ordered 3 larges, and since the pizzas took so long to make, the manager told us to go ahead and keep them on the house and they would bring out the larges. The 3 large pizzas were more than enough alone to feed our table, so we had sooooo much extra pizza. They also accidentally brought an extra large meat pizza, but told us to keep that one as well!I wish the rest of our visit was just as great. Before and after the pizzas were dropped off, we were completely ignored. I had to ask three times for another beer because it was forgotten, there were empty water glasses, etc. Maybe they could somehow tell I had too much beer over the weekend and didn't need anymore, but still!The pizza was good, but didn't blow me away like the NYC version had. They did a great job on the crispy crust. The pesto was my favorite, the white pizza was too garlickly, and none of them seemed cheesy enough. It didn't have that life-changing, holy-crap-I-am-moving-to-NY like other pizzas I've had, but it was still good. Could have been a 5-star experience if the pizza and service were a little better! I enjoyed Secret Pizza at the Cosmopolitan much more.
4	They claim to have reverse engineered the Bronx water. It's been a while since I've been to NY, so can't compare it. It is very good pizza though. I remember NY pizza being floppy. The pizza here is super crispy with a bit of char from their oven. This adds a smokiness that I like on my pizza. We had the white pizza (if you love garlic or hate vampires, this is the one for you). We also had the pesto pizza, I liked this way more then I was expecting. I don't know if they offer this pesto in pasta, but I would imagine it would be awesome. We also ordered a pepperoni and sausage pizza. I'm a fan of fennel, and their italian sausage has a distinct fennel flavor. The tomato sauce is sweet. Over all it's slightly salty... which by the way, it's the best pizza to match up with beer.
4	Really good pizza. Service could have been a little friendlier, but overall an excellent pizza spot.
4	In searching for someplace new to eat in Vegas, Grimaldi's came up and had pretty good reviews. So, based on the featured "coal-burning" oven, it was a must-try.The place is a pretty cool retro-modern looking, table-and-chair, checkered tablecloth, cloth napkin eatery with available(? we weren't asked if we wanted to sit outside) al fresco seating, open kitchen, and full-service? bar. I liked the "renewable" wine bottle chande-lights.For the three of us, we ordered a Large Pepperoni and Italian Sausage pizza, a Personal Mushroom pizza, and the Antipasto, which I HAD TO TRY because of the "house-made" Fresh Mozzarella. The Pepperoni and Italian Sausage pizza was pretty good. Good sauce, adequate amount of topping, and a crisp crust, although it did have a somewhat disturbing amount of char on the bottom of it. The mushroom pizza, in my opinion, was a bit scant on one of the most inexpensive of toppings. The Antipasto was quite good, consisting of olives,  oven-roasted red peppers, Genoa salami, fresh mozzarella, and sliced bread. The winner on that plate was the "house-made" fresh mozzarella, with the sweet oven-roasted red peppers making a good accompaniment on the sliced bread with the salami and cheese. Oh, and a splash of olive oil and balsamic vinegar (from the leaky bottle)! The service could use some work, as our waiter was kinda lost. First, messing up a simple one diet coke, one regular coke, one iced tea order, bringing two regular cokes instead and blaming it on the dispenser. Whuh? And nowhere to be found when we were ready to pay our check. He also screwed up our neighboring tables' pizza order, leaving one of three women sitting there watching her friends eat their pizza while hers was re-ordered. And I don't think they put a rush on it. Having back-of-the-house experience, her order should have been re-made "on-the-fly", meaning  it should have been made top priority.Aside from the little snags, I would definitely go back to try the Caprese salad and some other pizza combinations.
4	Supposedly considered to be the best pizza in all of NY. So I guess I came in with really high hopes. Went with a bunch of yelp elites after a long weekend of partying hard in Vegas. So this was our last meal before LA and we were quite excited. Weird location being in a mall, though you wouldnt notice until you walk outside. We ordered 3 large Pizzas. Pesto, White (garlic and cheese) and sausage and pepperoni  (cuz Dre hate veggie pizza). Service was slowwwww. In fact they messed up our order, however they were extremely courteous about it that we got the original order as well as 2 small ones and 1 extra large for a total of 6 Pizzas! Pizza was pretty good, I wouldnt say the best but still good and the fact they gave us extra helps. My favorite of the three was the white and the sausage and pepperoni. Crust is thin and foldable, new york style.
5	My name is Tony, and I'm a Coalaholic.  Let me start by saying I grew up on Pizza Hut.  Not particularly by choice, but my mom worked there and irresponsibly (love ya mom!) brought home those lovely grease filled, cheese and meat covered circles of dough to my family nearly every other day.   Anytime I was hungry, Pizza Hut pizza was waiting for me in the fridge and I developed a dependency to my pan pizza friends.  Fast forward 20 something years and Pizza Hut was still my pie of choice over Dominos, Papa John's, etc.  I dug Metro Pizza, CPK, and others, but not until I had Grimaldi's did the wool finally get pulled from my eyes.(begin food review)OH THE CRUST!   I'd never had authentic NY pizza prior to Grimaldis (I'm sure there's some New Yorker reading this right now shaking their head due to their belief of what real NY Pizza is.   To them I say:  no one cares).   Once you go coal blackened, you never go back.   Every pizza I've had since has paled in comparison (here's looking at you Settebello).   I like every type of pizza you can get here.  The Regular with some Pepperoni is simple and delicious.  The White with Garlic and Anchovies.  The Pesto.  no, THE PESTO.  My absolute favorite.  Pesto with Pepperoni and Meatball with some jalapenos on the side.  Absolute perfection.   I typically eat the Eastern location which I find the most consistently good, though I did try the Fashion Show one a few nights ago and found it just as good on that one visit.  Ingredients tasted fresh, crust was that perfect nearly chewy texture.  Several calories were devoured that night.One other shout out: the bartender that was working that night was fantastic.  I sat at the bar for about half an hour waiting for a friend and he made one of the best double jack and cokes I'd had in a while.  I had several throughout the night (note to reader: this may or may not have influenced my food review).   I dont remember his name, but the next time you're in the Fashion Show and need a buzz before you get lost in the 20 floors of Forever 21, swing by Grimaldis with $10.50.
5	Yummy! I love NY style pizza. I love Costco pizza. I love deep dish pizza. I just love pizza in general, and I was craving it. This was just great timing, since it was on the way back to the car.Got a large pesto pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms. So delicious! It fed three people comfortably, but I think we should've ordered a large salad to split as well. Portions are HUGE. If you really wanted, the small salad is big enough to be a meal in itself. I just wanted more pizza since it was so delicious my stomach didn't know if it was full or not. Service is a little on the slow side, but I notice that they make each pizza to order, so most of the wait time is definitely because of cooking. You will never see your order sitting on the counter.
4	If you were to ask me "Ben, why would you eat pizza when you're in Las Vegas?" I'd say: "Because my buddies were hungry and didn't wanna go to CPK!!!!" With that said, the service is slow. The pizzas are cooked in a coal-fired brick oven. If you are looking to do an individual portion, you will spend a lot of money. Come with a few friends and split a large pizza.Salads are huge. I swear I saw them bring a fishbowl sized salad out. That was the small. Apparently, the fishtank sized one came after.
5	Pizza cooked in a coal oven? I've heard of brick oven and wood fire, but coal? Ok I'll give it a shot.WOW DELISH! Some of the best pizza I have EVER had! Who knew this fossil fuel could help produce heavenly bites of pizza?!I went at lunch time and was promptly sat at the bar. The place is a little small so I can imagine the wait time at peak hours can be long. The bartender was nice and since it was my first time, he explained the menu and how the pizza is made. I decided on a personal 12" pizza with pepperoni, mushrooms, and kalmata olives.  I waited about 20 minutes until the food arrived, which isn't bad for lunch. Yumm the smell of the pizza was divine! My first bite overtook my senses. Explosions of flavor all around my mouth, crunchy, gooey, saucy, melty goodness!! I quickly ate about 6 pieces in no time flat. I decided to take a breather before I was knocked into a pizza coma. As I was paying for my check, the two gentleman sitting next to me at the bar asked if they could have my 2 left over slices while they waited for their order......yes people the pizza is that good that strangers will ask for your leftovers!!I have become a believer! Grimaldi's is hands down the best pizza I have ever had! This says a lot because I spent 6 months in Italy and thought nothing in the US would be able to compare, but I was wrong. Grimaldi's is the shizzz!
5	Heard about place from tv. We went to grimaldi's the first day we went to vegas. Was looking forward to it and was not dissappointed. At first we thought it was a fancy pizza place but once in there pricing was very good. We ordered a large and small pizza and a house salad. After eating this kind of pizza it will be very hard to eat anything other kind!!. It was soooo good. Even the salad was good; it had the freshest, crispiest lettuce i have had. The dressing on house salad was perfect!. Would definately eat here again and recommend to everyone!. The pizza was not overly sauced which made it great. The cheese and toppings were also very fresh. Again; 2 thumbs up for Grimaldi's Pizza
4	This place has some tasty pizza but they are very pricey for cheese and dough! Being from Chicago it's hard for me to spend $50 on 2 pizzas but that's just me. Great place for celebrating an occasion once a year but too pricey for my taste buds. Good pizza!!
4	Grimaldi's is just fantastic, unpretentious pizza.  It's thin, salty, cheesy, greasy, New York style pizza with delicious toppings and crust!  One of the better pies I've had on the West Coast!
4	I can't believe I'm rating the Las Vegas location higher than the original Brooklyn one, but then again I'm all about good customer service. The pizza here was very nearly as delicious as it was in New York, the waiter who served it was quick and genial, and the restaurant itself was clean (though a bit kitschy in all its obvious New York decor). I would definitely come back during another Vegas trip.
4	--GeneralThis place was actually pretty hard for us to find using Google Maps. The pin landed in the middle of nowhere and we walked around for quite a while before realizing it was IN the Fashion Mall (lol). Decently priced for its quality, probably one of the most popular pizzas in the States. There is a lot of history with Grimaldi's. Especially in New York and all that -- I can't really tell you about it since I don't know specifics but you can ask their waiters and they're very helpful! Great food and great service--FoodThis place has really consistent, solid pizza. If you're in the mood for pizza do not hesitate at all to head to Grimaldi's. Probably some of the best classic pizzas you'll have.
4	I've give it 4.5 stars if I could. More veggie options like spinach would put it over the top. Had a large pizza with pepperoni sausage tomatoes and red peppers, and a white pizza with sausage meatballs basil garlic and artichoke. Both were great but the white pizza won. Next time I may try their pesto pizza.
2	Staff was nice and the pizza came out very quickly. Sauce was OK and everything seemed very fresh.  The crust is a hand tossed thin crust New York pizza(the original is in New York). With all that said it was good but nothing crazy great. I would eat here again with no complaints but I don't think I would ever crave it.  I had a meatball, mushroom pie. The 2 star rating is not meant to be a dig but I just didn't think it was anything special. I can't believe this is really the best pizza in New York as they claim.
4	It was good! Nice thin pizza with a sturdy crust. I found it strange that the ham was cubed, but this style worked with the sausage. Added some peppers to the top and the pizza was heavenly! Perfect for a quick take-to-the-hotel-meal. thumbs up!
4	I ate a lot of pizza during my recent trip to Vegas...I had Secret pizza, Lasagna pizza, and then on my last day I grabbed some Grimaldi's pizza.I love pizza, whether it be chicago style or new york style. I ordered a large garlic chicken pizza from here right before I left Vegas.Like typical NY style, its thin and crispy. It tasted very fresh and you can tell its not just any other place. I liked it a lot. You can choose traditnal style (red sauce), white sauce, and pesto. For sure a place to check out for some good old NY style pizza!
4	I mean let's be honest IF you can put garlic on a pizza and no sauce and it's still damn good, you got something going for ya.We went on our lunch break b/c I had to say hello to Mr. Kors.  We split a white pizza and split the salad and it was just right!Service was fast and the food/drinks came right out. Bill was probably like $25 for the 2 of us.
5	Omg!!!  "To die for"   The "BEST" pizza we've ever had!  Toppings are a little expensive but it's well worth it.  The restaurant is small but very clean and the service is awesome.   Pizza comes out fast and hot and the taste is sooo amazingly good and fresh.  You have got to go try it you will not regret it.
5	The same quality pizza Grimaldis is famous for in Brooklyn.   This is the friendliest pizza restaurant you will ever find.  The thin crispy crust is something Grimaldis is famous for.  It is worth the trip round the world.  Las Vegas is really the restaurant capital of the world!
2	Pricey, highly forgettable pizza. There was nothing unique or special about this pizza -- not its bland sauce, dry, thin crust, tasteless toppings or its overall taste. Our bartender/server was very personable and nice. Thank god there was beer. We had a large with pepperoni and mushrooms. $35 for a pizza and two beers....I'd rather grate off my nipples with a cheese grater than rush back here any time soon. I do not get the hype surrounding this place.
1	Well for all the hype and advertising, what a major disappointment!Yes the crust is thin, but not tasty.  We ordered the mushroom and they scattered the pie with some shaved very thin.  They use about a tablespoon of tomato sauce and about the same amount of a tasteless cheese.   Dominos has better pizza.  And it's expensive.  I'm from Los Angeles and every place here is better.
5	Fantastic food! Fantastic service! My new favorite Las Vegas food spot!
5	I don't know what I was eating before Grimaldi's, but it wasn't pizza. Hands-down, the best pizza of my life. In the Mid-West, we have a wide variety of pizza, from thin crust to thick, and even some deep-dish. But nothing compares to Grimaldi's brick-oven, thin crust, with fresh mozzarella and house-made sauce. The husband and I were looking for some place to eat near the Fashion Show Mall, but we didn't want to eat in the food courts. Grimaldi's popped up on the Yelp app. The location is near the "back" of the mall (in relation to the Strip), but it's definitely worth the trek.We ordered a ceasar salad (great salad, but not the best I've had) and a small pizza with pepperoni and red peppers. The peppers are amazing! We split a cannoli for dessert and it was one of the better cannolis I've ever had. There is a fair selection of beers on tap and in bottles. Being from the Mid-West, there were plenty of West-Coast beer options that I'd never tried before. Everything about Grimaldi's is awesome. Good salads, AMAZING pizza with quality ingredients, good beer selection, great desserts, classy but casual atmosphere, AND reasonable prices.
4	A very good pizza sometimes comes at a price. After adding on all of their delicious toppings, the price can skyrocket. It does not devalue the appeal of Grimaldi's, but there are other great pizza joints that does not cost as much and produces a better pie.I love the serious crunch of the crust. It is that couple of level before charred. The sometimes slight darkening on the edge is perfect. The toppings are generous for the price point. Every inch of the pie was covered in a bite of almost everything. The service was perfect. Checked in to clear plates and see how we were doing without interrupting us.
1	Food was just ok not as good as all the hype. The service on Saturday Oct. 27th at around 4:00pm. After waiting for 15 min and still no drink we had to flag someone down to ask why and were told changing keg. When beer finely arrived was warm and smelled rotten. After taking our order we never saw the waiter again. Food was brought out by someone else and after waiting for 20 min after finishing our meal we had to ask someone to try and track down our waiter who I could see from our table B.S.ing with his buddy in the back room even after he was told we wanted our check he still stood talking with his buddy for another 5min until I got out of my chair and had to go to the back room to get my check. I know things can happen and staff can get busy however after speaking with the manager she and both of the waiters laughed it off as on big deal. Food came slow service not at all and very pricey. I'll not be back.
3	Great service, nice outdoor seating, open late. The caesar salad was really good, but the pizza was just okay. Based on yelp reviews I was expecting a really delicious NY style pizza but it wasn't that great...Ordered a small peperoni, jalapeno, mushroom pizza but the jalapenos weren't fresh, they were the pickled kind so that kinda sucked. The small pizza and small salad is plenty for 2 people.I recommend giving Grimaldi's a try, but I don't think I would come back.
5	The antipasto salad was a perfect starter to share with the group as it also comes with slices of bread.  For the entree I ordered a regular (red sauce) personal pizza with Italian sausage and sun dried tomatoes and it was more than enough portion for a big eater like myself.Pizza here is NY style so each bite was juicy with no drip and with just enough crust not trying your mouth out.  My friends had also ordered the white with garlic pizza which was good too and not dry at all which I had expected given there is no red sauce and is substituted with extra cheese.  Overall I liked the regular pizza better.For dessert I ordered a slice of their homemade NY cheesecake and wow it was amazing.  You can tell it was homemade and fresh right away, no questions asked.  I think next time I'll ask for more raspberry sauce drizzle because it was just too good.
4	A great place to have an oven-baked, thin crust pizza! A very simple and straight-forward menu presents you with basic sauces and sizes and then you can pile on the ingredients as you wish. A large pizza withe 2-3 toppings will run you about $20 and it is worth it.I normally enjoy a large pizza with pesto sauce and add mushrooms and ham or bacon. The smokey flavor of the crust and the ham, married with the richness of the pesto make this pizza my favorite every time I visit. The staff is very friendly, but if you have the opportunity to be helped by Javier, he will make sure you are well taken care of-- he is AWESOME.Lastly, make sure you sign up for their email club and receive a FREE PIZZA on your bday!
4	We dropped by for a late lunch and sat at the bar. You choose what size pizza you want, then the sauce and the last the toppings.  We got two personal pizzas, one with their tomato sauce and pepperoni and mushrooms and another one with pesto sauce and grilled chicken and mushrooms. The tomato sauce pizza was very good, much better than the pesto sauce pizza.  The tomato sauce was tasty with the herbs and spices they use.  The pesto sauce was decent.  The personal size pizza was very generous in size and I only ate 1/2 of it.  We also got a house salad which was your typical salad.  Our server was the bartender whose name I think was Todd.  He explained the menu to us as this was our first time. He was very helpful and personable.
3	We went to this location after visiting the other one on the Strip and this one just wasn't as nice or friendly. There was a long wait and it was very crowded. The pizza was still excellent, but the vibe wasn't as nice. It was noisy and the service was lackluster. It was a hassle to use a coupon we had here too. If you're craving NY pizza, this isn't a bad option (as the pizza is still fantastic), but do check out the newer location (that's not in a mall). It has more intimacy and atmosphere. The staff was friendlier and it had a cooler vibe. This one definitely feels like you're in a mall and you can see the mall traffic walking by. Sign up for their email club, and you get a free pizza on your birthday!
5	You got me Grimaldi's!  perfect amount of sauce and fresh mozzarella.  NOM, NOM!!!!!!!
2	My boyfriend and I stopped at this location yesterday for lunch. I ordered the Caprese salad, and he got a large White pizza, with half sausage.The salad, which was slices of tomatoes, mozzarella cheese, and basil leaves, was alright. The cheese was different from other mozzarella I've had; I don't know if it is because of the free range cows it is suppose to comes from, or if I am use to some other type. It was an alright salad, the tomatoes weren't very tasty, but hey, they're out of season now.The pizza wasn't great. It wasn't good either, it was just, well, there. Again, the cheese on it was different, it seriously looks like the vegan cheese from Pop Up Pizza, but it's not.  We had garlic and tomatoes on the whole pie, and it was meh. My boyfriend said the sausage was good, but it cost 3$ to add it to the pizza. He had wanted chicken at first, but then saw it was 5$! Every add on for pizza is 2-5! That's outrageous for the quality and quantity that you get!  I really don't know why people think this is the greatest pizza EVER, but maybe we need to go back and try one with sauce. Maybe that's the best part, I don't know, but I really didn't care for it. It was all very bland (you can't taste any garlic on the pizza, and the cheese leaves an aftertaste) and it gets pricey if you want add ons.
4	I've heard a lot of good things about grimaldis and went to this location after Christmas shopping.It was pretty empty.We were seated right away and had a male and female server who doubled as the hostess. The menu is small, which I like. There are three pizzas to choose from in a large or small and then you can choose your own toppings.My friend and I just ordered a mushroom pizza to split and a caprese salad.The salad was good, but I can't imagine how you'd go wrong making that. They give you salt, oil, and balsamic on the side. It was a good portion and shareable at $8. Our pizza was served shortly after.The woman served our first slice and we ate the whole large between the two of us.The crust is very thin, the cheese was very good, the mushrooms were fresh, and the sauce was just right.It was a very good pizza. They found a very good recipe for their proportions and ratios of cheese versus sauce versus crust.The only thing that didn't make this a 5 star review is that:1. They never refilled our drinks until we asked when leaving. Sure he offered a to go cup, but it want busy because he had a bite of food from an off the clock employee's food while he was on the clock but that's beside the point.2. A customer leaving broke a wine glass just by putting his jacket on. Although they handled the situation well to make the customer not feel at fault.. They said don't worry it happens all the time.. First they shouldn't keep wine glasses on the table no matter how nice it makes the table setting look since their tables are so close together. Second the staff said it happens all the time and not to worry. It just feels dangerous, uncomfortable for who ever did it, and could be avoided. I hope it doesn't happen all the time for safety reasons.  I'd return to try their special mozzarella and meats on a more adventurously topped pizza, but maybe not this location.
5	We ate at Grimaldi's Pizzeria tonight. Their pizza was fantastic. WE look forward to Grimaldi's opening in the Los Angeles area.
2	Pizza was good, but nothing special.  Seriously overpriced - every topping is another $2 and they double charge you if you do half and half with different toppings.
4	Yummy food (we got pepperony/tomato/garlic pizza), nice servers and a lovely atmosphere. It was a little odd that we had to circle the restaurant to use the restroom, but that's not their fault. Spent $21 on a pizza we split between the two of us, and there would've been some left over... but we were hungry. I'd recommend!
3	Busy Christmas Week, Service was good...Ordered Margarita Pizza and Caesar Salad... Salad Was Great !!!  but Pizza was Ok....Not Very Tasty..Had Better Pizza...Bonannos @ Luxor has Great Pizza !!!
4	It's rather annoying to get to this place from Treasure Island across the street.  If there's an easier way I don't know what it is.  :pGot two personals to carry out.  They came out quick and were delicious.  The cheese looked and tasted different than I'm used to, but I liked it.  I'd eat at again.
5	Do yourself a favor and get here. It's incredible. I've been to the original in New York and this is as good. The pizza will simply blow your mind. I recommend the pepperoni. Plenty of room for large groups too.
5	I love Grimaldi's pizza! It still amazes too think it all started with the one location all the way in Henderson (for me opposite side of town) and now they have multiple locations all over the Valley. So whenever have my itch for think crust pizza always Grimaldi close by! It was my first time at this particular location. The food it was par with all the other Grimaldi's the perfect think crust, love the sauce, and love the toppings am two topping type of pizza lover. Only because feel with this style of pizza ONLY way too go because love the crust less is better. The fresh buffalo mozzarella not but loving there. Pizza awesome like always!The service our server was very friendly, never had empty glass, and management was very much present checking up on us. It smaller location compare too two other locations been too. I always fan of the decor with the brick style walls, the red and white checkerboard table cloth, the simplicity of the menu, and the empty win bottle for lights. The old rat pack style of music playing in the restaurant or specifically Frankie Sinatra. It nice that now there so many options in Fashion Show Mall not just food court!
5	Awesome pizza. Being from the Midwest, this pizza is exactly the way we make it there
2	I just don't get it.  The pizza is nothing better than average.  Anyone from NY will tell you it takes much more than a thin crust to make an NY pizza.  The service was very good and the Caesar salad was fantastic.  My quest for good pizza in Las Vegas continues.
5	On our first day in Vegas, we arrived and we were starving! We have been to a Grimaldi's in Allen, TX a few times when we lived in McKinney so as soon as we saw one nearby we decided to head there.Just like the one in Allen! We started with the antipasto app which was delicious as always. The pizza (a personal for the two of us) with pepperoni was delightful too.  Nice thin, crispy crust, good tomato sauce, real non-processed mozzarella, yum!
4	Four of us stayed at TI for a college reunion and were looking for nearby cheap places to get food. Grimaldi's showed up on my Yelp app, so we decided to give it a try, and I'm so glad we did!  We had a large pizza with pepperoni and black olives ($18) and a personal-sized pesto pizza ($10).  It was more than enough food for the four of us, plus 6 leftover slices, and we were all starving.  Those 6 slices sure came in handy when we staggered back from the club 6 hours later... :)  The pizza was outstanding.  It was thin-crust and had real slices of fresh mozzarella (you can tell when you see the round blobs on the pizza rather than the uniform coating that most commercial pizzas have) and deliciously salty pepperoni.  The black olives were a little too salty for some of us, so we would probably sub those out next time for something else.  The quality of the pizza was definitely right for the price.I called ahead and walked over to Fashion Show Mall from TI (about 10-15 minutes), and our order was ready when we got there.  (HINT: it's all the way at the "back" of the mall by Dillard's in Zone D on the lower floor, near Chipotle).  The lady on the phone and the server who rang us up were both very nice, and the ambiance of the restaurant is very cute and intimate, so I would definitely come back to eat in as well.  If you are looking for a fast, inexpensive and tasty meal for a group, give this place a try!
4	My brother and I came in to cash in my birthday reward of a free large one topping pie - Thanks VIP club. We were warmly welcomed by the manager and seated in a hurry. Our waiter was pleasant and eager to please. We knew we only had an appetite for the pizza so we skipped starters. The pizza was ready before long and we dug in. This was the best Grimaldi's pizza I've had to date. The crust was perfectly crisp throughout. I was impressed by the ovens at the Rainbow location, but these at Fashion Show Mall are dead on. The manager came by to see how we were doing and I praised the kitchen and their ovens for fabulous pie. She agreed they have one stellar team. Keep up the good work, Grimaldi's FSM!
3	Excellent pizza. I really loved the meatball pizza. Highly recommend.
5	Best Pizza west of BrooklynThe reviews are correct:  It is not nearly as good as Grimaldi's in Brooklyn.  But it is oh-so-good.  We get out to Vegas a little more often than NY, and so its the next best thing.  If you live anywhere other than NY, then come here and it will be one of the best pizzas you've ever had!
5	Grimaldi's is absolutely one of my favorite pizza places in the country. I first had Grimaldi's at their location in Brooklyn at the advice of a friend. I waited in the hour and a half line outside the Brooklyn location because I heard it was so good and I'm glad I did. Everything about this pizza is amazing. Their sauce is what makes the pizza. Their crust is also very good. The Vegas location was a just as good as the Brooklyn location and you didn't have to wait the hour and a half. Definitely check out Grimaldi's if you want a good pie.
5	Grimaldi's where have you been all our life?  Great thin crust pizza.  We ate here twice while in vegas, great service and even better pizza!
3	Food was fantastic. I'm from Brooklyn and this is the best pizza I've had since my last visit back home. The service however is a completely different story. I had to ask for a refill after waiting 15 minutes of sucking on ice. It's a shame that the service wasn't as good as the food!
5	It was so good love the pizza
5	This place has really great pizza and the service is top notch.  I really do not eat pizza much anymore because most pizza places, the pizza is too greasy and too doughy.  The only pizza I really like anymore are the wood fired oven thin crust pizza.  Unfortunately the only places that makes it like that are usually high end Italian restaurants, but then it becomes an event.  Grimaldi's is the best of both worlds, they have excellent coal fired thin crust pizza and do not overload it with toppings that makes it all greasy.  It also feels like an old fashion pizza joint, where I feel I can go in for a quick bite to eat.  The service was excellent and they even brought out some pizza dough for my daughter to play with.  She really had a ball with the pizza dough, which really made my day.
4	Going to make this short and sweet like my review of Grimaldi's at Palazzo.... get a meatball, pepperoni and ricotta pie. You won't be disappointed. Ceasar salad is simple and just right.Definitely one of the better options at the Fashion Show Mall. Service was good and food was on point with other locations.
4	My mom and I tried Grimaldi's for the first time recently.  My mom had a personal size pepperoni pizza.  It was cooked well - nice and crisp crust, crisp pepperoni too.  Too much to eat in one sitting.  Had to take home the leftovers.  I had a calzone with olives and mushrooms.  It was also cooked well - nice a crisp on the outside, creamy on the inside.  I like that they use ricotta on the inside.  Good tomato sauce to dip.  Two issues - our waiter was also the bartender so he was not always good about coming and checking on us.  The manager had to pitch in a couple of times.  Also, the calzone came out almost 10 minutes after the pizza so I sat there and watched my mom eat for awhile.  I know calzones take longer to cook but we should have been warned about the wait.  Overall good food and I will try it again.
5	best pizza ever
3	My boyfriend and I ate at Grimaldi's during our weekend trip to Vegas. We are starving and it was the first restaurant that we encountered, so we decided to give it a try.We arrived about eleven in the morning on a Friday and there were only a few other patrons in the restaurant. It filled up during the course of our meal.We went with our servers recommendation and shared a small pizza. For our toppings, we picked sweet red peppers, sausage and mushrooms. The size was plenty for two people and we couldn't even finish the final slice. The pizza was good, but far from the best that I have ever eaten. The ingredients were all fresh and high quality, but I felt that the sauce lacked flavor. It was a little bland for my taste.Our servers were very attentive and helpful. We seemed several servers attending to us, rather than just one. This wasn't the case throughout the restaurant, as a few tables near us were being ignored. A single man seated next to us complained very loudly, as he kept getting passed by and had been waiting to have his order taken from the time we were seated to the time our pizza was on the table. It gave me a negative impression of the service, even though personally our service was very good.The decor is nice, with lighting fixtures made from glass wine bottles. It's small, but cozy and welcoming. We had a good meal and experience, but with so many other restaurants on the strip, we wouldn't likely return.
2	Somebody said this was fine mozzarella used on their pizza. I say there is too much of it. I'm never going to remember their tomato-marinara sauce on their pies, because I don't think there was enough of that. The drink list is sub-standard, too. #crabbywhiteguy
4	Grimaldi's has one of the best perks for your birthday!If you are on the email list, you will get an email a little before your birthday, which can be used before or after within a few days! It is essentially an $18 coupon for a large pizza! This essentially gets you a large one topping, or a large white with garlic, and you pay for additional toppings or anything else above and beyond!I enjoy Grimaldi's charcoal style ovens, which add a nice flavor to the super thin crust and toppings. The pepperoni and sausage combo was a bit on the greasy end, but a little grease is a good thing!  The white pizza is amazing, with chunks of garlic hiding in there!Service was pretty slow during lunchtime at the bar.  They only had one server for the entire bar area, AND she had tables in the dining area.  Not a huge deal to me since I wasn't in a hurry that day, but keep it in mind in case this wasn't an "off" day for them.I'll be back at some point, but for sure next year for my birthday!
3	I tried Grimaldi's for the first time at least a year ago. I don't even remember if I like the pizza here, so it was a good time to come back and try it again.Service: 2 Stars.Ugh....Where do I begin? If you get a server named Jilani, beware!! You may want to ask for someone else. I usually don't name employees who gave bad service in my reviews, but this guy made me angry! We came here on a Sunday afternoon. It was perfect timing because we had just missed the lunch rush and it wasn't as crowded. After the hostess showed us to our table, we waited for 15 minutes until our server finally showed up. What annoyed me was that there was another couple that was sitting right next to us and arrived after we did. Yet, they got serviced by Jilani first. A few minutes later, I overheard the hostess telling him that we came in first and have been waiting for a while. Thank you for actually noticing. He obviously sucks at keeping track of his tables. Finally, he stops by our table. No "Hello" or "Welcome," just "What would you like to order?" We pretty much didn't see him until paying for our bill. Other servers, who were much more friendly, brought us our drinks and food. 2 starts for them! Jilani did not care to check on us while we were eating, nor did he offer to refill our drinks. After we were done, we waited for another 15 minutes until he finally showed up again and asked "You want me to box that?" No, I'm going to spend the rest of the day here staring at my 3 slices of leftover pizza. What do you think?! A few minutes later, he dropped off the pizza and bill without saying a word. I don't even know why I left him a tip. Although it was much less that what I would have left for a good server. Food: 4 Stars.Not the best tasting pizza I have eaten, but still pretty good. I don't know if I came here on a off day, but my pepperoni pizza was a bit salty. I do like their crispy thin crust and fresh ingredients. Although once in a while, the cheese would completely fall off the slice.If you sign up for their VIP newsletter through their website, you will get a coupon for $5 off your next bill. They also give you a free pizza on your birthday.Hoping for better service the next time around!
4	Get the original sauce. Load it up with Italian sausage, mushrooms, oven roasted sweet red peppers and extra mozzarella.The New York style pizza is thin. The sauce soaks into the dough. This is definitely a fold it up type of pizza! The sweetness from the red peppers & sauce complimented so well with the savory of the sausage and mushrooms.Grimaldi's is definitely one of a kind with its New York water that is used to create its special dough. I wish I could get a slice right now.
4	Just like every other Grimaldi's... Good pizza, good calzones, good appetizers and salads, good drinks.  Only drawback here was the wait staff.  While they weren't terrible, they are not outstanding.  Wait staff is average at best.
5	Good pizza love it
5	Amazing pizza. The crust and sauce are delicious. Loved the fresh mozzarella. Service was great. The manager even offered to serve our pizza.I heated up a slice the next day on the stove and it was still great.
4	I fell in luv w Grimaldi's during my visit to NY.Unexpectedly, I found it here in Vegas! Olleh!Let's try here in Vegas:)As usual, got L size pizza w extra cheese/pepperoni/mushroom and it was good (although not as much as its original NY location) My main complaint was mozza cheese!It wad supposed to be thick cheese layer for $2 topping as it mesmerized me in NY, but not really...(You can judge it from my picture)Other than that, it is still awesome pizza!Staff and manager were super kind during my pick-up as welldon't forget its $5 coupon from web:)All end up less than $20 after tax(large pizza $18 / each topping $2)
5	Wow truly amazed. My coworker and I were out in Vegas helping a new store open. We were going to stop at chipotle but stumbled upon Grimaldi's. So thankful that we decided to try something new. Great service and wonderful food!!! The vibe is truly great beautiful restaurant. We created our own pizza and got a house salad. Our server was so nice and I believe the manager brought out our pizza. So excited for the one opening up in California. My coworker had been to New York and said it tasted just like it. Definitely recommend!!
2	First, it took about 5 minutes of waiting before we were even noticed. Then the host told us just to sit wherever (why have a podium and a host if tou have open seating?) Our host said it would be another 15 minutes because they stoke the fire at 4, but when we sat down our waiter said it would be 45 minutes. We waited and when we got our pizza it was extremely soggy, we couldnt even hold it without one hand on the bottom. Our waiter only showed up once to half fill my water. Overall not a good experience. Go to a different grimaldi's
5	I love this place. I get take out a few times a month since I work close. They have great pizza, great salads, and the bartenders are super awesome. The pizza is a little pricy but totally worth it. 5 stars.
5	Hype. Hype. Hype. Hype is a two-edged sword. If one goes with high expectations and they're not met, then the meal is an automatic disappointment. But hype is what brought me to Grimaldi's in the first place. Soooo... I've been to Grimaldi's a handful of times but I've been to this one the most, so I'll pile all my thoughts onto this review. It's also my favorite Grimaldi's. Firstly, I love the location, it justifies the price. It's at Fashion Show mall and it's a great alternative to the food court, but it's not as formal and expensive as Maggiano's. It fits a perfect in-between niche, where it's nice enough to sit down and enjoy a great meal, but it doesn't damage the budget (good thing, as my credit card already took a beating from the nearby stores)! Service is excellent. I've never been to the Grimaldi's in Brooklyn, but I remember the great service I had in New York and this Grimaldi's reminds me of it. The first time I was here, the waitress (I forgot her name, think she was Greek or Russian) was so attentive. The manager came by, incidentally I saw him again on my second visit and asked if everything was ok. And this last time, the bartender acted if I was the only patron at the bar (and I wasn't). I love feeling like a guest. I admit, I've eaten at the other pizza place across the way, and although I love their food, they aren't half as good at customer service. Actually, I popped into the OTHER place after my visit to Grimaldi's and the service was night and day. + stars to the Grimaldi's staff for giving such great service!  Onto the food... let's start with the excellent, they have the most amazing mozzarella cheese. This was only confirmed by my second visit here. I've never had such delicious mozza before. It's not greasy, it's smooth and velvety, and it's not too salty. After I was full, I was picking the mozza off the rest of my pizza. It was that good! The first time I was there we started with two salads, the Mediterranean ( Romaine Lettuce, Cucumbers, Tomatoes, Kalamata Olives, Feta Cheese, Red Onion, Vinaigrette Dressing) and the House Salad (Romaine Lettuce, Red Onion, Cherry Tomatoes, Oven Roasted Sweet Red Peppers, Mushrooms, Sicilian Green Olives, Vinaigrette Dressing). Honestly, both were plentiful but uneventful. Now Pizza Cat was going into hysterics when she read that Grimaldi's uses a REAL COAL OVEN! She thinks coal ovens are the best. So she was thrilled when her pizza came out with a very slight char on the bottom but not like the overall char from a woodfire. And it was still uniformly cooked. This combination can only be achieved with coal, all NY pizza eaters will agree. Yum! Pizza Cat wasn't thrilled about was the very thin crust (almost too thin to be NY style) and the lack of sauce, leading to a crispy, dry pizza. This was partially her fault for ordering their white pizza with sausage, which didn't have any marinara to begin with. The tomcat got the pepperoni with sweet red peppers. The sweet peppers were divine, but again, there is a lack of sauce, and a thin crust, lending to almost a dry pizza. However Tomcat said it was the best pizza he ever tasted. Overall the food was good but Pizza Cat so believed the hype, she admits she was disappointed it did not live up to the hype and decided to try Grimaldi's again before making a decision.  The next time she went she got the meatball calzone (someone on Yelp recommended it) and it did not disappoint. For some reason, the crust comes out softer with the calzone and it's filled with the awesome mozza cheese and ricotta. There's marinara on the side if the calzone is still too dry. Excellent! Also noteworthy was their white sangria. Delicious, sweet and light, a great starter drink. Prices are steep, but for the location, service and quality of food, it is reasonable. Overall it's a good 'za. Brooklyn represents!
4	Not sure if it's because I have been detoxing or if the pizza really was so delish! Thin crust, perfect amount of sauce and melts in your mouth!!! The ham was my least favorite topping but the pepperoni was yummy... Caesar salad was ok! Great wine and beer selection. Service was wonderful from the hostess to the server & bartender!!!
4	I've been hearing about this place from co-workers, seeing this place on the Travel Channel in Food Wars and other specialty food shows, and a couple months ago, finally got to try it. The inside is very nice (not really what you'd expect in a pizza joint)- red/white checker topped tables, surrounded by framed pictures of New York City points of interest (bridge) and old-time celebs (Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin) on all the walls. There is a small bar. Also, there is seating al frasco, too. In one corner, there is a round table for a cozy get-together.The service is pretty good- the staff is nice and friendly. The atmosphere is nice. It's a little small (but there is also seating at the Bar, and al fresco, too). The pizza is pretty good- thin crust, good sauce, good cheese. My husband & I shared a pie (had leftovers). I think, maybe, my husband (who is half Italian) thought it was good, but not spectacular. At the time, the baby wasn't eating too many solids, so we didn't share our meal with him. Funny story: the baby was having his bottle and he ended up falling asleep at the table, in the highchair. About the Menu, choose the item and size- personal, small, large (pizza, calzone) and then select your toppings (which takes up half the menu- meats, veggies, extra sauce, basil, garlic, etc.). If you get any starters, it's several choices of salads. Also has desserts, cold drinks, and wine & beer.I'm curious about the calzones. I could order it for pickup. I would definitely try this place again.
3	cool location in the Mall.  Pizza is good.  But what I definitely didn't like was some guy in a button shirt and dirty slacks, I think he is the manager, anyway he would bring the food out to the tables, pick up trash, make drinks at the bar, greet customers, etc.  I prefer the server to handle my food not the guy with the "hairy" arms and his thumb touching my pizza!managers in button down shirts and slacks should not handle my food!
5	We had a beer at the bar and ordered a pizza to go. It was a very pleasant dining experience, with the hard-working bartender being very attentive but not obnoxious.The pizza is something special with extraordinarily fresh mozzarella and a tasty sauce that had some texture, but not too much ... for a person like me that won't eat chunks of tomatoes.They kept the pizza in the "crisper" for a good 25 minutes while we finished our beer and by the time we got back to the hotel it was pretty soggy. Sticking it in the oven mostly brought the crisp back.From the look of the salads around us, they were generousI really like this place and would definitely go back.(Beer and wine only, with a very limited liquor selection)
2	The food is good, but once we received our food we didn't see the waitress. We had to track her down 2x to even get the check. Service is lacking.
4	Chicken, spinach, tomatoes on a garlic crust with mozzy cheese was heaven on a plate!
3	I ordered the regular pizza with basil, I kept it simple because I wanted to see what their pie tasted like without other ingredients getting in the way and also adding extra ingredients is outrageous. I made the mistake of ordering the basil cooked into the pizza per recommendation. The dough was fine but once you hit the crust it was extremely hard to chew,the mozzarella had a plastic like consistency, and the tomato sauce didn't have much flavor. Overall it was a decent pizza but many of the small important details were overlooked.
3	Grimaldi's has the best Pizza in Vegas, no doubt.  I've been told by both family and friends that I needed to give this place a try, and I was not disappointed.  The thin crust hits the spot and surprisingly does something that seemingly no other pizza place in town attempts - the New York pizza.  The large pizza and a large salad is enough to feed 3 hungry men, so don't feel like you have to buy a ton of food. The environment is nice, but therein lies the rub with Grimaldi's.  With the nice environment comes the vibe of "upscale" eatery, along with the high price tag.  Which brings me to my 3-star review.  I don't care how good pizza is, it's pizza.  There's no reason that a person should spend $25 on a pizza (plus tip). So yes, I finally found a place in Vegas with good New York style pizza, but unfortunately, the pizza is too expensive to enjoy frequently enough to really care. Our final price came to about $40 with a large salad, large pizza, and two soft drinks, just to give you an idea.  It's a good pizza, and definitely worth a try, but the prices on the menu are outrageous.
5	The best pizza ever! My 2nd time eating at Grimaldi's . We ordered a large pizza with Italian sausage and mushroom . The pizza was thin crust and the sausage was really good. I also tried the cesar salad which was amazing! Oh please try the cheese cake, it was worth it. The service was great!! The waiter was very attentive.
5	Was at the mall doing some browsing and stumbled across this place.. I live some good pizza and being from out of town sometimes it's hard.. let's just say I was not disappointed. . Got a large pepperoni and mushroom to share between me and a buddy and let's just say nothing was left and we were eyeballing the other pizza on the table. I love Brick oven pizza and fresh mozzarella yummmmmy.. will definitely stop by on my next trip to LV
4	This place runs like a well oiled machine!  As soon as someone leaves, the table looks like a pit stop where everyone comes by cleans the table and set it up with the plates, napkins, and wine glasses. As for the food.  There are no complaints, ordered a small white garlic crust pizza with meatballs and ricotta.  It was quick and delicious!  A must try!
5	Best pizza I've had in a looong time. Reminds me of the pizza I had in Italy. I've been craving it every day since. Delicious!
3	Love the pizza! Would have given more stars if my waitress Sarah weren't so bad. Terrible service!
5	This is the first time Ive been here. We loved it!! The pizza was excellent with fresh ingredients. The personal size calzone was ginormous! It literally fed the 4 of us, we could not even finish half the pizza. The caesar salad with chicken is very good too. Our server was very attentive. We will definitely go back here when we visit Vegas again.
5	We love this place. The general manager is the nicest man. Pizza is fantastic. I also love the Caprese salad. Everything is made to order and very fresh.
4	The service was fast snd friendly. The portions are large and the spinach salad and pizza were really really good. Two of us split a small salad and small pizza and couldn't come close to eating it all.  The prices were very reasonable. I would be regular if I lived here.
4	Pizzas, calzones and salads all very taste..the place is a typical Italian pizzeria, very cozy ..
3	What kind of pizza place does not have pineapple or ranch? This place! Pizza was good but not overly awesome. Minus 1 star for not having ranch.Minus 1 star for not having pineapple.Yes it's that serious. Iittle ceasars  over grimaldis any day.
4	Have been 2 a couple of Grimaldi's here in Vegas and I have always enjoyed their food and wine selection. Usually get a large pizza or 2 and salads and the the caprese salad. Pizza is always fresh of course because its made to order Una brick oven pizza which gives it a nice crispiness to it. Ingredients are great as well as the choices. Love the flavor of the sauce and cheeses. The caprese salad isn't great though I wouldn't get it again. Love their salads especially their Greek! Love the wines there is a pretty good selection. Service is always friendly and fast!
4	Great pizza we had the pesto with ham,bacon,pepperoni, and mushroom, they did mess up our order but for that the gave us a NY cheesecake that was very good, overall great service an delicious
5	My favorite pizza in Vegas. I always order the Mediterranean Salad add salami. Its always crisp, fresh ingredients & delicious vinaigrette dressing. A glass of Napa Cellars Chardonnay perfectly chilled. And a large meatball, ricotta, sundried tomato topped with fresh basil pizza so I always have leftovers to go. Absolutely, devine.
4	We always love Grimaldi's. This one is in the mall . We had there seasonal pizza the Quattro Formaggio it has romano, gorgonzola,  parmesan and asiago cheese. Staff is excellent.
3	This pizza is delicious. The service is good when I take it to go but not so good when we sat and ate there. The girl with the curly hair that sat us down was rude. I absolutely love their pepperoni.
3	Does anybody else think it's weird to have an Italian restaurant inside the mall?  I was in between going to their location in the Palazzo and this one...I went here instead, thinking there would be less of a wait, plus it was closer to my hotel.  There was no wait.  The service was great...our server was very knowledgeable about pizza and the history of Grimaldi's.  The pizza was good.  But my friend told me to go here b/c she said it was the best pizza she's ever had.  I wouldn't go that far...but it was good.
5	JoeLLe is the nicest and most professional server I have come across in a long time in a city of hospitality that says a lot. She is funny and entertaining and can recommend anything good on the menu for your personal likings. Five star. Chad
5	Amazing tasting pizza. Had extra sauce and cheese which we paid extra for but still seemed a dry but great flavor. enjoyed the thin crust.  I would recommend them to anyone.
2	I've been hearing about Grimaldi's since I moved here two years ago, but just finally got to check it out this week when I was doing a little shopping in Fashion Show Mall.  As a big fan of New York style pizza, I was super excited to try the place that everyone has told me is a "must have."  ...."Must have forgotten the flavor" is more like it.We ordered a pie with spicy chicken sausage, black olives, and mushrooms, and a Mediterranean salad with grilled chicken.  The pizza was insanely bland.  The sauce was really lacking in flavor, spice, and salt and moreover, the whole thing just kind of tasted like bread, to be honest.Here's what they did RIGHT: the crust (although the flavor was just okay) was the PERFECT amount of crunchy.   It was crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, and had the structural integrity to hold up the toppings.  The spicy chicken sausage and my salad were both good, but it didn't compensate for the overall lack of flavor in the pizza.My advice?  Go to Secret Pizza in the Cosmo.  Best NY style pizza in Vegas, without a doubt.
4	Excellent, if not the best, pizza in Las Vegas. It certainly is one of the top spots in NYC and it's now been brought to the strip. They don't have any preset options so you better know what you want. I found the pricing a little weird cause it's the same price per topping no matter what size pizza (and if you do half or whole pizza for the topping). We tried a large sausage, bell pepper, and mushroom which was excellent. We also tried a small chicken and roma tomatoes. The two pizzas fed 4 people to be completely full.Service was friendly and attentive -- pizza took a little while but it was worth it and they made it completely from scratch. The place feels like a slightly upscale family pizzeria.It's too bad it's not for late night eating.
3	New york style pizza.  EVERY topping costs you $2 to $5.  Kind of expensive.  Lacking in cheese. Crust was good but honestly ate 2 slices and salad and I could have had more.  Service was great.  Not the best pizza I have had.
5	I couldn't have asked for a better post-shopping meal. Started off with a fresh Capresse salad which is left to be dressed by the customer to prevent any over use of balsamic or olive oil. Then proceeded to wolf down a delicious pizza with ricotta, red peppers, and meatballs. I really lack the adjective to describe how each flavor lead you into the next. Their brick oven makes a delightful difference. The bartender recommended a fantastic pre-prohibition lager by Coors which made the whole experience perfect.
4	Good pizza. I came with hubby for a quick bite. Their small was big and the salad was good. Good service and good food.
