5	On 02/02/2013, my family and I rented a car to go to Disneyland.  The service and friendliness of the Budget Car Rental staff were outstanding!  Dennis and Larry went the "extra mile" to get us into a vehicle that really fit our needs for the impending road-trip.  We wound up renting a greenish colored Ford Flex, and were not disappointed. Just a heads up:  If you are traveling southbound on Country Club Drive, the view of the Budget Rental Car sign near the street is blocked by a tree and a bus stop on the north side.  I highly recommend this Budget Rental Car!
2	Booked a moving truck rental online a week prior.  Pulled up today to a front lot that was completely full.  Larry, who was working the front desk, told me to park in the handicapped space.  "It's not a valid space anyway; there's no sign on it."  I didn't like this, but said nothing, as I still held out hope that the transaction would go well.  (It didn't.)When I (politely) declined the damage protection (I confirmed with my insurance agent that I'd be covered), I was brusquely asked who my provider was, and given all kinds of warnings about liability.  The tank was marked as full, and I got additional warnings about a $30 fee for returning the truck without a receipt from a gas station for diesel fuel.  Annoying, but doable.I became worried when they pulled out a moving truck that was absolutely covered in dents, dings, and even a bit of graffiti.  Larry marked damages off on the inspection checklist, and at least that hasn't been a problem (yet).Did the move, went to a gas station, noted the meter said 3/4 full, and had to do the math to figure out how much gas to buy (the diesel was pre-pay only).  I had a great deal of trouble operating the pump - the automatic shutoff kept going off.  When the attendant came out, he pointed out that he could see gasoline almost at the mouth of the tank, and that's why the shutoff was triggering.  I confirmed this, confirmed my card would automatically get refunded for the un-dispensed fuel, made sure to gather a receipt, and headed back to Budget.When Larry got the receipts, he did some math regarding the number of miles driven vs. amount of gas purchased, and decided I was 4 gallons short.  I explained (politely) that I *couldn't* fill the tank any further than I did, that this was confirmed by a gas station employee.  Nope.  I offered to pay for the 4 gallons of gas, but asked (politely) that the refueling charge be waived.  Nope.  He refused to close out the rental until I agreed to it.  I asked if there was anyone I could talk to about this - he said I could talk to his boss about it on Monday (he'll supposedly be in the office for 3 hours that day).I don't care about 30 bucks.  I care about not having an adversarial relationship with the companies I do business with.  I care about not being made to worry about thousands of dollars in charges just because I (politely) declined their upsell.  And I care about not being nickel-and-dimed.I had an additional rental lined up for a week from now with a different Budget office.  (My girlfriend and I are moving into a house together.)  Maybe they would be better than this location, but I'm not gonna risk it - gonna go cancel that now and take my business to the leading competitor.
1	CAUTION: You may have a paid reservation made in advance, but for some reason it does not mean the equipment is in working order or even on site. You can call ahead of time to ensure it is there to confirm, but (again, for some reason), you will not know until you arrive. You are making all efforts to confirm that your all set on your reservation, in case you need to make arrangements to pick up elsewhere. If it is not on site when you arrive, you are basically screwed because there is no incentive for employees to fulfill/pickup your order. There are many situations where Budget cannot fulfill an order and cannot get the equipment you reserved to your pickup location. In that case, they will save whatever they have on hand and make sure that the higher paying accounts are taken care of/serviced first.FYI: I reserved a rental truck with a dolly. They 'did not have' the dolly on site. Basically, the only option I had was to drive the rental truck to another location to pick up a dolly at a moments notice.AND THEY MADE ME PAY FOR IT. While I was standing there, other customers would walk in. The agent would leave me at the counter and go and service the other customer, wasting my time. I wrote a letter of complaint and escalated it to the Executive Correspondence office and all they offered was a refund of the rental of the dolly. The dolly I was given was in such bad shape, wires were sticking out of the tire...barely making it to my final destination 500 miles away.
