5	I saw Dr. Linder to have six moles removed from my face and neck that had been bugging me since, well, forever.  My main concern that there would be scars left in place of the moles, but I needn't have worried.  She was absolutely wonderful - she made sure that there was no pain, carefully explained what I needed to do after the removal, and best of all the results were amazing!  It's only been a few weeks and I can barely see where they used to be.  Dr. Linder specializes in very advanced skin cancer surgery but is also a master of cosmetic procedures.  I would recommend her to anyone.
5	I had a chemical peel and it was great. No redness or discomfort after. Everyone there was very professional and Dr. Linder answered all of my questions thoroguhly. Highly recommend her.
4	When I walked in I felt like I was going into a spa.  Jennifer Linder was very nice and down to earth.  The only down side was I ended up waiting for about an hour to actually see her, but since I was one of the first appointments in the morning, I'm not sure if this is normal or just the fact that she was running late that day.
4	I saw Dr. Linder in mid 2008 to seek treatment for a case of perioral dermatitis that was irritating me as a result of nearly three years of daily sunblock applications to the face, as I was living in the mountains of California, outdoors every day.  I tried to solve the problem myself using natural treatments, therefore I brought in all the products I had tried and Dr. Linder took time to assess them.She was very thorough in her approach, and while the office was busy that day, I could tell she was paying close attention to me during my appointment.  I was given a prescription for my ailment, which I decided to change when I discovered its cost, and Dr. Linder's office responded to my phone request immediately.All in all, I was very pleased with my first visit to a dermatologist.  Dr. Linder took the time to fully understand my problem and as a result, my problem disappeared quickly.  I could tell she's done a great deal of personal research about alternative therapies and she was very receptive in her feedback regarding everything I had tried prior to my visit.All in all - great experience.
5	I am writing this review hoping it won't violate the TOS.  I was present at the appointment for my father.  He had some concerns about moles and through Yelp I found Dr. Linder.  She was amazing! Kind and caring and her staff was very pleasant.  We didn't have to wait long for the appointment (3 weeks) and we were in the waiting room for about 10 minutes.  She seems to be very busy but as a patient it doesn't seem to affect.  Also, unlike other derms in my experience she did not try to "sell" services or products.  Great Dr!
5	I tried Dr. Linder after seeing her on Sonoran Living...SL is good for recommending outstanding doctors, and this is the 3rd one I've seen that I keep going to.After seeing a segment on SL about Dr. Linder's work with adult acne, I knew I had to try her. I am 61 years old and find myself breaking out with milia (whiteheads) to the point that I feel like I'm 15 again. Dr. Linder reminded me that this is not acne...LOL! You get milia (the little stinkers) because of all sorts of reasons. I found out today that if you use hairspray, that effectively puts a Saran-Wrap (TM) type covering over the skin and traps dirt and debris on your skin. The skin then grows over it and you can't get rid of it.I had the milia expunged...it hurt a little bit but getting rid of this mess was well worth it. I had one that was actually close to being a cyst. Dr. Linder was going to do the treatment but when she saw that I needed a lot of work done, she had her medical assistant perform the treatment (she's also an esthetician). A better type of cleansing product than I use now, was recommended and I used it when I got home. I purchased all the PCA Skin products (Creamy Cleanser, Hydrating Serum, and Collagen Hydrator) and will see how they compare to my products from Elemis which I have been using for ten years.I cannot recommend Dr. Linder and her office staff highly enough. It's true...when you walk into her office, you feel like you are checking into a spa. The colors on the walls are very calming and everything is very "clean" feeling. (I've never had to wait long to get an appointment.)
1	I had to wait 55 minutes to see the Dr. People at the front desk were not polite and their billing department is just horrible. I have a PPO and Dr Linder's billing department sent a claim to my insurance co using the wrong group number so the claim got rejected and I got billed for the full balance. I had to call the Dr's office a couple of times and asked them to re-send the claim. For a 2nd time they made another mistake when they billed the insurance co. I got a 2nd bill. Dr Linder this is a lot of work for me. A waste of time.
4	Dr. Linder is an outstanding dermatologist. She is thorough and personable.  But I do have a serious problem with the individuals who answer the phone for appointments and the work at the front desk.  They act like they are doing you a favor and I'm never sure if they are truly giving me the first available opening for an appointment.  Once I tried to purchase a product but I couldn't remember the exact name of the product. I asked the woman at the front desk to look up my file to see if it was listed. She said that I had never purchased the product from the office.  I knew I had.  I went home found the empty container and took it back.  Low and behold when I showed her the container she was able to find that I had indeed purchased it.  I'm not sure if they are consciously being difficult or just don't care about the quality or lack of customer service. I wish Dr. Linder would take the time to make sure that the individuals who greet her patients and answer the phone behaved as professionally as she does.
