5	Nice gentleman greeted me at the door. Got exactly what I needed which were two iPhone 5 at $199 each.  Fast service
2	Maybe it is because I am so used to my home-store in California, but the two times I was at this location it was so slow. Genuine greetings, but service is sluggish. The first time around, they let people who came in after me get served first. I waited for over thirty minutes to get service. The girl who did help me was quick and efficient. The second time I was there, it was another 10 minute wait, when they were slow and they had 2 available reps. Makes me love my Rengstorff store in MV.
3	The only thing I have to compare Verizon to is one of the major electronic stores that offers cellular phone service. Sadly, Verizon employees didn't seem as knowledgeable and weren't as customer service savy as the electronics store. The last time I did an "upgrade" to my cellular account and got a new phone, I went to the electronics store and got better service, from a friendlier, more knowledgeable employee. That's not to say this trip to Verizon was bad, but you would think the Verizon store would be the best place for all things Verizon. The electronic store actually had more variety to choose from when it came to upgrade options.  I don't like the fact that you cannot just come in and browse without having an employee come up with their notebook and ask for your name, account number, etc. It's almost like going to a car lot. Regardless of the price you get on an "upgrade", there is a thirty-dollar upgrade fee. Seems a little misleading for a free or ninety-nine cent upgrade. It looked like there had been a lot of employee turnover since my last visit to this location. My previous visits were much better, in that I dealt with employees who really knew their stuff and the customer service seemed better. We were "assigned" a customer service rep after signing in, but she went on to help somebody else, because we didn't know exactly what we wanted. Last time they asked about our phone habits, useage, etc. to determine which phones were best for us. This time seemed more like a cattle call and them making a sale, rather than servicing the customer. The rep we dealt with tried to upsale me a case that I didn't need, as the phone I got is billed as "more durable" and comes with a built in case. I don't think any other cellular provider is going to be much different, so making a switch doesn't seem too feasible. I did like that I was able to add the fees, taxes, etc. to the monthly bill and didn't have to come out of pocket for anything. I will probably go back to the big electronics store, though, for any future Verizon service, upgrades, etc.
5	Great customer service! Now I know we all know the feeling of starks coming at you for a sale, or in this case starting you a new contract/phone. Not here! The guy who helped me (Chad) was awesome, really the whole staff was. Upon entering you are immediately greeted by a associate then put on the list until the next available representative can help you. Here's what won me over though.. I wanted to start a new contract/phone, the 9 yards. Got my phone packed and everything. Unfortunately I lost my ID and without it, couldn't process the whole thing. Going home disappointed I didn't get a new phone.. That same night, I found my ID! Came back the next day, while I was waiting to be helped.. Another customer had forgotten his .. It seemed like the assciate was going to process the transaction anyways, which would have me me rely upset since I was turned away! But no, he didn't process the transaction. Good to know this is a solid well working team and everyone is on the same page!Got my ID, got my new 5s. Everything went smoothly. I never had such great amazing service before at a celular place! The downside is, it's always ridiculouslyyyy bust here and the next closest Verizon isn't really that close.
1	I waited here for 1.5 hours. 6 people on staff only 2 staff members working with costumers. Inventory low. Next time I'll drive the extra 10 miles for a better service. Yikes please don't waste your time!
1	I don't normally go out of my way to write a bad review, but for the situation I came across I believe it merits one to WARN future customers who come to this location for customer service.I came on a Saturday with an intent to buy a new phone in which the agent, Saul, assisted us with. Now, we were difficult customers to begin with because we could not completely understand the breakdown of charges they were going to give us based on various options. Saul was very nice and was very patient with us. But of course some things may be too good to be true as we all know that all agents here not only are required to provide good customer service as top priority but they also get commission. So agents will have their own agenda in mind.Now we were given a good option to take the Edge program where we make monthly payments towards paying off a new phone. However, Saul pitched to us (of course in a very nice and charismatic way) that with the program we would pay an up front price of $140 towards some sort of "insurance to keep the phone in good condition" when we would have to trade it back one day. So we bought into this BS with our undivided trust on Saul to be very honest. With this "insurance" up front cost came "a series of retail products that come for FREE!" we were ecstatic! We were thinking we were getting a good value here!I went through my receipt when I got home realizing that I was charged $140 on retail products I didn't even want! Phone car charger, screen protector, phone case, and a $60 blue tooth device. WOW! So..that's what my insurance was. I was upset and felt completely taken advantage of as no one explained to us this "deal" or option. I'm not quite sure if this is a Verizon sales tactic that this company trains them on or its purely developed by these agents but this is absolutely NOT COOL.I came back to speak to the manager nicely about our predicament in which he was willing to refund everything, but no apology, and instead decided to correct me "it's a bundle option that goes with the Edge program." Yes, FOOL I KNOW IT'S AN OPTION NOW! However, NO ONE DECIDED TO TELL ME THAT WHEN I GOT IT THE FIRST TIME. They pitched to me AS IF IT WAS NECESSARY. Being two women who came off as incompetent because we could not understand his breakdown, I felt completely taken advantaged of. So I am livid and would NEVER GO BACK.So, be prepared to come in with your guard up on this one...and DON'T TAKE the "bs bundle" unless you really really want it.
1	I normally never do reviews but today my experience here was terrible! One of the employes was very rude to me and even told me I was to dumb to go online and do something on my own I needed to call customer service! She kept repeating the same thing to me and even was rolling her eyes. She never answered any of my questions. My husband was speechless at how this lady was treating me! Needless to say I will NEVER go back here!
1	waited over an hour to return few item...this is a little annoying ~bah humbug!..
