5	I love this shop! They really do a great job on my nails. My nails never chip or break. I never go anywhere else now. Lonnie and Jonathan are the best, and they run a nice, clean shop.
5	I love love love this place. I needed a place walking distance from csn and although there are other options, this is the only place I've ever needed to go to. The staff are amazing, john is a little quiet at first but once he opens up he's a riot. On my second visit Lana (I think, I feel awful not remembering her name) remembered my name, that I was hoping for a promotion at work and asked how my daughter liked the Elmo show we went to see. In other words, she really remembered me, and that's impressive, especially in this town. My glitter tips are amazing, she used a colored glittered acrylic powder and it was like magic when she was applying it. I sat there just fascinated. On my second trip I got the deluxe pedicure and was that just awesome. I didn't ever want it to stop. Lastly I mentioned that I had seen positive reviews about the place and johns exact words were "we really have the best clientele" in other words, they really appreciate their customers. Such a great place, such a wonderful experience. I will go to them for as long as I live in Las Vegas.
5	Great place!! Excellent service and my nails looks amazing!! I will definitely be a regular customer now!! First place where I have been asked my name. Thank you John, , I love my nails!#
5	Best place! I've been going here for years. After moving to the other side of town in Henderson, I've tried a few other places and kept thinking to myself, "I miss Johnathan and Lani." They are so friendly and they do great quality work. No matter where I go, I find myself driving back to them. My nails last for 2 and a half weeks every time and always look flawless.
5	I can honestly say this was the BEST nail salon experience I have ever had. Total hidden gem!My good friend and I decided that we would spend some girl-time getting our nails done for her birthday and before the company holiday party. We were warmly welcomed into the shop and immediately seen. The nail techs (younger guy and a girl) did some beautiful work, and let us chat comfortably with our coffee while they worked. It's not the typical nail salon, where the techs talk endlessly and rudely in their native language. I'm bilingual, and find it rude when a person CAN speak English but doesn't in front of people who don't speak that language. Especially customers. They don't do that here and it really makes for a nice experience. The sweetest, friendliest and most professional people you will ever meet. We were treated so respectfully here, and that made us so happy!!!My friend was very happy with her gorgeous manicure (and impressed with the great hand & arm massage) and my red pedi was perfect. The price was awesome too! They are doing everything right here: genuine customer service, beautiful work in a cozy little salon. Happy to tip big here, the staff deserves it! This is my new salon. I won't be going anywhere else!
5	I have been going here like 3 years.  Lani is the best her pedicures always last forever and everyone always compliments my nails and pedicures.
