1	The term luxury is very loosely thrown around at this very low class apartment community. The management is the worst. Any issue is dealt with using a canned reply. They offer no assistances other than the most minimal and seemed bothered to help. The apartments have the cheapest carpet, window coverings, appliances, and bathroom fixtures that can be purchased. The pool was not heated for a period of time so that they could save money. The grounds are very poorly kept. Every garage has the weather strip warped and the management will not repair. My garage door has broken 3 times in a year and the last time I had to wait over 12 days to get it repaired. There is a community area which they do not allow use of because there is no divider between it and the offices. Gym equipment breaks all of the time and take forever for them to repair. There is a Centurylink only contract with the place and it is the worst as basically you are at their mercy as you do not have any choices. Bike night at Westgate is horrible as they ride by the complex half the night. Very loud. It is a hassle anytime there is a game or a concert to get in and out as they cone off the streets. The gas grills are old and do not heat correctly. The grass areas(two) can not be used as other residents allow their dogs to crap all over and do not pick it up. Pillar charges a premium however gives sub par service. There is no sense of community or willingness to improve the property. It is the belief because they are at Westgate then they do not need to offer anything more. Glad to have moved out to a better less expensive condo/townhome with true luxury items like wood flooring,higher end appliances, better bathroom fixtures, and a property management team that cares.
5	Very nice, well kept, nice/respectful neighbors (young to mid age working professionals).  Love living here - I feel comfortable and safe.
4	I have lived in this community on 3 separate occassions.  It was run best when Krista Bartlett was the manager, however it is still a great place.  The ability to access westgate by walking is awesome.
5	I have lived here for about a year and have had a great experience. Management is very friendly and really gets to know their tenants. Maintenance has always been quick to fix any problems that arise, typically fixing the issue within a day. The community is in a great location and gives me the opportunity to enjoy all that the Westgate Entertainment District has to offer. I would recommend Pillar at Westgate to anyone looking for a place to live.
