5	I own quite a few properties in Las Vegas (more than a couple), my real estate agent Yvonne introduced Andrew Garcia to me, I have great experience working with Andrew, I gave all my properties to Andrew under his care, he rent them out fast, usually in three four days. Andrew's staff deposited the rent into my bank account electronically, I never had any problems on rent deposits. Like I told everyone who was looking for property management, the reason I kept buying properties in Las Vegas during the last two years is because I have a real estate agent Yvonne Khoo and a property management guy Andrew Garcia. Otherwise I will not be able to buy that many properties in confidence. My experience with Andrew has been very good,
1	Do Not use this company!! Hopefully someone will learn from my mistake. The 8% monthly fee is appealing but don't be fooled like me. I made the mistake of not taking the contracts and looking them over closely before signing them. There are a lot of companies out there that do not have all the extra fees. I knew I had made a mistake about a month after being with them. I get my statement and it shows $900 bill from painting company. Oops I guess they didn't realize I had estimates from the company   . They had added 20% onto the bill. They did pay me back but that was my first clue what kind of company I was dealing with.Over the period of time with them they would add little charges on here and there and finally when my tenant moved out that is when I really saw how they operate. Little charges $26.48 to make deadbolt useable. The tenant supposedly has$100 nonrefundable key fee to change locks when they move in, when a locksmith changes locks shouldn't the deadbolt be useable. I also had to pay $31 stop payment on check that was lost in mail (I don't think it was ever sent). Should I have to pay to get my money? They offer direct deposit $30 set up fee and $20 annual fee, Really?.When tenants move out that's when they really make out. The estimates for repair are Ridiculous! So beware any tenants you probably won't get any of your deposit back. When both of my properties were vacant I decided it was a good time to break my contract with them. I settled with them and thought yes I'm done with them, then I find out they didn't get the keys and gate remotes from my 1st tenant. $160 lesson learned. I filed a complaint with BBB but they didn't do anything. In his reply to my complaint he says the security deposit was turned over to me. Really lets do some math, this tenant had some questionable issues on her credit so she was asked to give extra month on security.795 and 695 and 100 nonrefundable key fee and 300 nonrefundable cleaning fee =$1890. According to repairs and cleaning she PAID $1356.35. What happened to $434.65??? Nowhere on my statements did I receive money for not returned keys or remotes. On my meeting with them to break contract we were discussing the first tenant's move out, I had mentioned that I presumed that the 1st tenant probably didn't get any of their deposit back. Andrew chuckled and said No she didn't get anything back. So beware!! Find a different company to do business with or you will be SORRY!!!! I am!!!
1	If I could leave a 0 star, I would.  This company is a bunch of bullies.  Andrew Garcia is the worst!  He came to my home and was abusive and bullying.  Steer clear of this company.
5	I am a Realtor and have experienced first hand how this team was able to help me on one of my personal properties.  I was working with Old Republic Home Protection (which I highly recommend) on a reoccurring plumbing (clog in main line sewer) issue. The vendor did install a sewer clean out but was unable to finish the job. This property manager was not shy and got on the phone immediately to help me get a refund ($600) from the vendor.  I got a sewer clean out installed + my money back! Thank you. :)
5	RPM Exclusive has been managing my home for several years now and they have been doing a great job.  Andrew and his team are very professional and have been up front with me with any issues.  I feel very confident and am comfortable knowing that RPM Exclusive is handling all my tenant issues.  Any time I've had a tenant change, this company has been able to find a good tenant in a short period of time.  I would definitely recommend RPM Exclusive to all my friends and family.
5	Andrew, Mike and Yvonne at RPM have been great over the last two years managing my rental in No. Las Vegas.  They are quick to respond to either mine or my tenants needs! I'm hiring them for my second property in Henderson.  Can't go wrong with the RPM team!
1	Rented from Andrew's "company".   Should be called "Andrew's mom's company".   Experience not good.  Poor business acumen is an understatement.  Check ripoff report for complete story.  Fraudulent business practices, doesn't return calls, can't keep staff long enough to establish continuity of relations with the customer.  Steals by blending invoices, confusing, hiding, and obfuscation. If you call him out he becomes a bully and makes threats.  Still owes me over $400 dollars. Beware!
2	I rented a town home for 2 years. Everything was great except the owner they were trying to get the most out of my deposit money when the contract ended. Andrew was great he helped me get some of my deposit back. One thing I DIDN'T LIKE WAS THAT I ask Andrew if the carpet needed to be clean he answer with dont worry about it if it looks okay its fine.  To make the story short he charged me $300.00 for a carpet cleaning just for the little two bedrooms and stairs because the rest the house was tilefloor . When I paid the carpet cleaning company few times it would be $130..  Just STAY WAY From RPM !!!!!!
1	Unprofessional and unimpressed.  Definitely shop around as there are so many property management companies in the area.  I'm fortunate enough to have found a upstanding and professional company.
1	Mike their "broker" has no personality and is rude on the phone. He is impolite to his costumer and will drop the phone on you, avoid dealing with people like him and move on to the next business that cares about costumer service.
