5	I travel to Pittsburgh frequently from Chicago and have enjoyed Meat and Potatoes on every single trip since I stumbled across that gem a few years ago. In fact, on two to three night trips, I have been known to go there each night (I see no need to venture out of downtown anymore with M&P right next to the Fairmont).Butcher in the Rye is another excellent addition to downtown Pittsburgh. I ordered the flank steak and the mac and cheese - both were phenomenal. The steak was cooked perfectly with great flavor combinations of roasted garlic, potatoes,  liver pate, and some sort of delicious cheese. The mac and cheese was everything you would hope it would be.It's a bit louder and a bit more expensive than M&P, but well worth it in my opinion.I'll be back often!
2	For a while now I was eagerly awaiting the opening of Butcher and the Rye as I have enjoy my trips to Meat and Potatoes for both food and drink. So on a Thursday night I headed over for a few drinks. Upon first entering, the place looks great - nice atmosphere, modern meets butcher shop in the woods - and then you come upon the wall of whiskey...holy smokes. So I walked over to the bar to grab a drink....and thats where it started to go south...Now I came to check out the whiskey and they do have a very impressive collection - in fact one of the best that I have come across. I enjoy the brown liquors in all forms and really enjoy those times when I run across something new, especially if it is something that I say "wow, I want to own a bottle of that", so when I run across a place I can dive head first into trying, I'm in heaven. I asked for whiskey menu and was handed an iPad - cool idea to convey info about the booze and a way they can keep it up to date with what they have - except that it seemed like not even half of bottles were on it. Ok - first week, I can excuse that a little but not totally - if you are a touting your collection, get your menu right before you open. My friends and I tried to ask about a few different items behind the bar and one of the responses we were given was "you'll have to ask (guy with the hat), he is the guy that knows the stuff the best" - really? 400 bottles and only one person is knowledgable enough to answer questions. Then came the sticker shock - their prices seem like they were set and they multiplied 2x. I have been to other places in this city (and others) that have a some of the same items and they were charging double for it. Now I realize that if you have a bottle of X and it is not something you will sell everyday so it will cost you a little more to keep it around, but when a 1 oz pour of that drink runs $15-25, it's putting a night of sampling in the $80-100 range for 4 oz of booze. I don't to sound cheap and I have my spent a fair share of money on good bottles over the years, but thats just it - I would rather take that $80-100 and go get myself a bottle - your atmosphere is not worth the mark up. So my overall though is that they have a collection and just that - the place does not come across as someplace that you go to try and find new whiskeys, just a place to get a drink while staring at their wall of booze. It reminds me of the guy who owns 40 classic cars, but doesn't care to drive them.I will say this, the staff was friendly and fairly attentive, so I don't want to sound like they were bad - they were good - same level I would expect in any place similar. Now after writing this I might sound like a pretentious ass about whiskey (because I fairly new to a lot of it) - and maybe I am - but when I try and go someplace that touts their whiskey collection, I expect be able to experience new things while having a good time and not going broke. For me, B&R isn't that place....
2	I was really excited for this place to open having heard good things and that the whisky collection was going to be unparalleled. The whisky was beautifully displayed as they were leather bound books upon a shelf.  This was a nice display however if you did not have a seat at the bar then it was harder to upper half of the extensive collection.  The bar is cluttered and appears messy and there is a lot of wasted space. If you don't have a seat at the bar and want to look at the wall of whisky be prepared to be in everyone's way which is annoying for everyone.  When asking questions about the numerous bottles of bourbon and whiskeys you were handed and iPad which was cool however it did not contain the entire selection on the database.  Another turnoff was when asking about one of the bottles on the iPad if you didn't ask the one guy behind the bar who was busy making drinks you were out of luck and told to wait for him. That was a real downer for me because they had a ton of great bottles to drink but my questions went unanswered. The price was way more than expected. There are a handful of other places with almost as big and just as nice of a collection of booze that are more fairly priced. It seems this bar is going for cool and trendy rather than catering to those who truly enjoy the craft, unless you can afford to shell out double or triple that of other spirit focused bars.  The location is not a desirable destination in my opinion but I won't get into that.
5	I know that this is their first week but this could be one of the best new restaurants in Pittsburgh. As a follow up to Meat & Potatoes, it is clearly a superior effort by Chef Richard DeShantz. Bourbon & Rye may be a key feature of this restaurant but the bar doesn't dominate the space like it does at Meat & Potatoes.We arrived with no reservation tonight and were offered a table inside with an hour and a half wait or an outdoor table on Sixth St. at which we could dine immediately. We chose to sit outside and dine al fresco.  The few outdoor tables had heaters above them that made it quite comfortable to dine outside on a fall night.We decided not to delve into one of the 350 bourbons that they claimed to have and instead ordered a pair of whiskey based cocktails.  My wife had a Butcher Sour and I chose the Pittsburgh Smash with Wigle Rye.  The Smash was just what I wanted.  The blackberries, mint and lime gave the drink a nice, tart note.  Our server went through the menu with us quickly and explained that the dishes are smaller plates and designed to be shared.  We ordered the cauliflower, oxtail manicotti, rabbit saddle and octopus.  If I were to do it again, I would not order the rabbit.  Not because it was bad but more because it just didn't feel like a complete dish.  There were too many components and it made it hard to get everything into a single bite.  The cauliflower and the octopus really stood out. As a vegetable dish, the cauliflower came with farro and felt like a complete entree instead of just some vegetarian side.  The octopus was super tender and the spicy sauces really brought it home.  My wife is also a sucker for scallops and garbonzo beans.  The octopus dish had both.  I don't want to leave out the manicotti because it was also good but just not as AMAZING as the other two.  I really liked the idea of the pickled apple on top and the fresh fennel. Typically. you would see the apple as the fresh component with pickled fennel so this was a nice twist on complimenting flavors.We split the german chocolate for dessert.  This is more of a deconstructed twist on german chocolate cake with rich chocolate sorbet and a gooey butter cake. It was tasty and it wasn't too sweet, which is what I like at the end of the meal.There are two things that I would change. First of all, most of the dishes were garnished with a weird type of green that had been fried. It was too big, got in the way and didn't add any flavor. It was also greasy.  The second issue was that it was a little pricey. Definitely higher than Meat & Potatoes and the portions are tapas to appetizer sized.Overall, this is a great addition to the Pittsburgh dining scene and downtown.  We will be back for sure.
3	In terms of the cool factor Butcher and the Rye certainly has "it". They did an amazing job with the interior design of this restaurant; it seems like a never ending labyrinth of cool things stashed everywhere. Unfortunately the high cool factor does not outweigh the "just fine" food. I tried 4 dishes, the cauliflower, their take on Banh Mi, bucheron (a cheese and beets dish), and one of the nightly specials, a veal and polenta dish. The winner of the 4 was the cauliflower dish, it was an awesome combination of textures, saltiness, creaminess, freshness. This dish was the winner of the night. All other were just OK. Their play on the Banh Mi is a pork terrine with Bahn Mi flavors. Until I went back and read the description I never would have known that this was supposed to resemble a Banh Mi. The bucheron was fine, and the veal and polenta dish tasted just like a decent pot roast. There just wasn't anything about the food that makes me want to rush back here.I'm not writing Bucher and the Rye off just yet, I just wished it lived up a little closer to my expectations.
3	Our table tried almost everything, so here is a run down:We had the special, fried Brussel sprouts... MUST TRY THESE if they are available. They were crispy and perfect.The pig wing!! Oh my god this was amazing. It left us wanting more, more and more.The rice cakes, these were very interesting and flavorful with chorizo. Dirty pasta, this had ground duck and hand rolled pasta with tons of flavor. This isn't a dangerous choice, so if the menu scares you out of trying new things. Get this.Monkfish, this was probably one of our favorite things on the menu. So good and not fishy. Get this.Mac and cheese, this was pretty good. Would probably be better if there was a protein in it.Cauliflower, so many elements to this that will surprise you. Get it and you won't regret it.The bread was awesome. Came with three spreads, apple butter, orange marmalade and butter with a hint of flavor. The butter was the best spread.We had the desserts.. The apple dessert lacked flavor. The apples were not very flavorful and not very good. The granola was bland and there. There wasn't much caramel on it. They ice cream was the best part, but there wasn't much.We had the peanut butter and chocolate dessert and it was not bad.When I return, I will take bigger chances. Perhaps we just got some things that filled us up but didn't challenge our palate.
4	Before I even mention the food I want to say that the atmosphere and decor is fresh out of Brooklyn and is exactly what downtown PGH needed. Now to the food; we had an array of four small plates (marrow, rabbit, cauliflower, salt cod). The food menu descriptions weren't entirely appetizing, but the presentation and taste exceeded our expectations ... Let's not forget about the whiskey!  The list is long and over whelming, but the wide range of origins brought a smile to my face. If you're looking for a new place to try, add this to your list. You won't be disappointed.
5	Just had drinks and snacks here tonight. Absolutely fantastic. Cocktails are top notch and the bourbon list is extensive. Even though they were crazy busy we were able to snag a table no problem. Service was very friendly, again despite the insanely busy Saturday night. The "rice cake" is one of the more creative dishes I have had on a long time. Mac & cheese is delicious as well. Go there immediately.
4	Food was a 5. Atmosphere was a 4. Table for two too small for tapas + cocktails. Seating very close. That said, everything we ate was excellent. Rice cakes were more like rice gnocchi in a terrific plum sauce. Flank steak perfectly cooked. Country ham was more like prosciutto with little biscuits and jam. Fried Brussels (special) done perfectly. Excellent choice for downtown pre-theater dining.
4	Butcher and the Rye is the second restaurant from the guys behind Meat & Potatoes. And it is just as beautiful as its sister location inside. The man behind the design is none other then the chef himself, Rick DeShantz. Rick and team paid close attention to every detail in the space and clearly understood that part of the battle of a great dining experience comes from the atmosphere.I only explored the downstairs area as it was pretty jam-packed full of people. But the downstairs is sexy. It feels straight out of a Kinfolk magazine spread. Butcher paper on rollers with hand written specials hang from the wall. A wall full of spirits glow from backlighting. And a chandelier made from what looks to be barrel hoops is anchored to the far side of the bar. I'd live there. In a heartbeat.And the menu isn't too bad either. I need to go back for dinner but the Onion + Brioche Soup and Mac-N-Cheese we sampled were both super tasty. I just wish there would have been more.If you want to sit at the bar or communal tables, I'd suggest getting there as close to 5 p.m. as possible. If not, make yourself a reservation and soak up a little modern Americana.
5	The atmosphere of this bar is unlike anything PGH has ever seen.  The details of the decor are unbelievable and are unmatched in the city. Wide Bourbon selection and a great menu.Rarely overcrowded to make any visitor comfortable.
5	Just fabulous in every way.  The decor is amazing, food was fantastic, prices were decent.  Portions are very small.  They had a brussel sprout and brown butter dish that everyone agreed was the best thing we all ate.It's a good place to order 5-6 things for 3 people and have everyone share.  You won't be full off one dish.
2	"Butcher and the Rye."  The name catches one's attention.  Before they opened, I was checking their Twitter and Facebook pages to get updates on when they would open.  They were posting pictures on twitter such as their impressive collection of whiskey.  I was excited.  Really excited.  This place had to be good. I was ready to go opening week.  I was ready to be impressed.  I was ready for a place that would serve awesome food (creative or simple) and great drinks, like the many places I've visited in other major cities.  Unfortunately, Butcher and the Rye became the dictionary definition of disappointment for me.Food (7.5/10) = Tried the following dishes:1) House bread with 3 different spreads (apple butter, honey butter, can't remember the third) = Nothing special.  It was just bread.  I thought the honey butter was the best of the three spreads.  The quantity of spreads greatly exceeds the amount of bread provided (Four dinner rolls).  If you are going to charge $4-6 (can't remember the exact price), surely you would expect more bread.  It was just bread.  One kind.  Not the basket/board with an assortment of different breads other restaurants have on their menu when they slap a similar price tag.  2) Cauliflower with farro, romanesco, carrot, brown butter, harissa = ($10) = $10 for a small bowl of meh cauliflower?!  My group ended up ordering this dish per recommendation of our waitress.  I don't have a problem paying high prices for incredible food.  However, I was not impressed.  My group was not impressed.  The flavors were forgettable.  The price on the other hand was not; this dish is way-overpriced.3) Manicotti with apple bourbon butter, oxtail, pecorino, pickled apples = $10 = The flavors of this dish were good but not great.  You get 4 pieces, each the size of approx. 2.5 x 1.0 inches.  Like the cauliflower, the dish is not worth $10 to me.4) Baked Camembert with phyllo, apple, olive oil, rosemary, grilled bread = $15 = another just ok dish.  We ended up ordering this since an old couple next to us raved how good it was.  Sure the apples were good.  The cheese by itself was good.  But the flavors collectively were just ok.  Again, a dish not worth $15.5) Bone Marrow with oxtail jam, pickled orange rind, sea salt, parsley salad = $12 = The ONLY dish that was worth what we paid for.  The flavor of the fatty bone marrow from the long bone cut down it's long axis is incredible.  6) "Pig Candy" (pork belly with miso caramel sauce, apple kimchi, daikon, cilantro) = $8 = The flavor was great.  The meat could be more tender.  The size?  Just 3 small bites.  Another dish not worth the price Butcher and the Rye charges.  $8?  Maybe worth $5 at most.  Not even David Chang of Momofuku in NYC, is charging this much for his pork belly (which in my opinion is the best pork belly prepared with Asian flavors in North America). Service (7.5/10) = Service was somewhat slow during the first opening week, and the place was crowded.  So it's understandable.  Ambiance (10/10) = Like others have mentioned, the decor of this place is damn impressive.  From the glass jars over the ceiling lights, the wooden communal tables, the fork and spoon wallpaper on the ceiling, and the giant wall of whiskey.  It's obvious a lot of effort was placed in designing this new restaurant, with close attention to detail.  I can't remember the last time I gave a 10/10 for a restaurant's ambiance.   Overall opinion = While the decor is amazing, the food is lackluster and way overpriced.  As I mentioned, I don't have a problem dropping $$$$ for incredible food. I've done it at 3-star Michelin restaurants.  I've done it many times at high end places in cities such as San Francisco and NYC.  However, $10 for a small bowl of forgettable cauliflower?  $8 for a small slice of pork belly that's not even cooked to perfection?  Even if the prices were reasonable, I still wouldn't give this place more than 3 Yelp stars.  If for some reason I visit this restaurant again, the only thing I will order is the bone marrow and a beer. "Butcher and the Rye."  While the name catches one's attention, unfortunately the food did not catch mine in a positive way.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. I came here for drinks and couldn't wait to come back for dinner. Last week I came back and it lived up to my high expectations. Even the bread is worth writing about. You get 3 spreads, including a citrus marmalade, an apple jam, and a honey butter. All were absolutely delicious and a great way to start the meal. We also tried the mac n cheese, brussel sprouts, and flank steak. I am a huge mac n cheese fan, and this mac n cheese was pretty good. The brussel sprouts really surprised me. They were served with chopped ham and onions, which really complimented the flavor. And my absolute favorite - the flank steak! It was served with fingerling potatoes and a delicious aioli that I really couldn't get enough of.Service was okay, and it was very cold upstairs, but the venue itself is a much needed addition to Pittsburgh. The whiskey selection is incredible (I think the best in town?) and the bartenders are well trained. I might just have to start leaving work earlier to make it here for a post-work drink - I feel like it would draw a great crowd.
3	Came here with my foodie Uncle and fiance.  We ordered a bunch of dishes since they are meant to share.  The Monkfish Piccata was great.  Flavorful and light at the same time.  The Dirty Pasta with Duck I was looking forward to, but found it to be one of the least favorites of the table.  Not that it was bad (nothing was bad here) but just lacked any real flavor or punch.  The flank steak was tough, I know its the cut, but I expected better.  We ordered a few of the things off the specials menu including the fried brussels (which are the same as its sister, Meat and Potatoes) and buffalo style sweet breads, which were yummy.  The two winners of the night were the Pig Candy and surprisingly, the Rice Cakes.  When my Uncle ordered the Rice Cakes, I silently threw a fit.  I just think of bland and blah when I heard Rice Cakes.  Wow, was I wrong.  These ended up being the table surprise.  It was done with a spicy Korean based sauce and they were these little rice pillows that are similar to Gnocchi.  It was seriously like Asian Gnocchi.  Such a great little dish.Now onto the rest of the experience.  We had a reservation for 7:45.  We arrived promptly and were told that our table was paying and we would be able to be seated shortly.  Well.....we stood there in they busy entry way waiting for our table for 40 minutes!!!  The girls at the hostess stand said the people at that table had paid, but weren't leaving.  I'm sorry, but when there is a restaurant as busy as this, why don't these customers have a little respect for the people waiting for their table!!  Tolga, the owner, realized we were waiting and sent their top bartender over to get us a free drink.  That was a very nice gesture to smooth the situation. We finally were seated and greeted by our server 45 minutes after our reservation.  But that was not the fault of BR.....that was just discourteous diners.As to the decor, I don't think my aunt liked the dead taxidermy animals on the wall.  It has a rustic yet classy retro feel.  I like it.  My only complaint is the sound.  It was difficult to hear any conversation at the table.  I think they should start limiting the people at the bar, like Tender does.  The bar was so slammed that a group of guys had to stand against the railing of the dining area.  They were being so loud and obnoxious my Uncle almost turned around at one point.  We couldn't hear our own conversation due to these guys.  I'm hoping that after the newness of this place wears off, it will be easier to get in and have a nice meal and drink without wading through a sea of people at the bar and yelling to hear the person next to you.I'll come again after Christmas.....review again after the kinks have been worked out.
2	Disappointed. I gave this joint two shots...two...Three things I love - going to restaurants, trying new things, and my birthday. So when planning my birthday dinner and discovering that this place was opening that weekend, I thought, perfect - three of my favorite things!  Now, mind you, this is probably two weeks out from my birthday dinner. So i find the number, give them a call, and I reach a recording where I was unable to leave a message. Fine. So I call Meat and Potatoes, their sister restaurant, and I speak with the hostess there who tells me that Butcher and the Rye isn't taking reservations for the first two weeks that they are open. Fine. So I contact my dinner guests, they are fine with winging it without a reservation. We figured we'd go on the early side as we anticipate a bit of a wait. We arrive at 7:30 on the first Saturday they are open, get to the host stand, and they asked us if we had a reservation. Excuse me? "I was told you weren't taking reservations for the first two weeks." Response: "Well, on Tuesday of this week we got so many requests for reservations we had to start taking them." Really? "We can have a table for you at 1045." Again, really? So we decided to have a drink there and call some other places to get a table for dinner. We sat at the bar upstairs, while three or four tables behind us were empty with reservation signs on them. There were only two small groups of people at the bar including us, and I had to flag one of the two bartenders down to get their attention to my empty drink that had been sitting on the bar for at least five minutes. We were there for about 45 minutes, and when we left there was still one open table that could have seated us. Now, having worked at restaurants for most of my late teens and early twenties I understand that you have to make room for reservations, but restaurants should also know how to turn tables quickly to accommodate walk ins (there were only three of us!). Long story short, I decided to chalk it up to management needing to fine tune some things after the first weekend. Needing a place for dinner for the Friday after Thanksgiving, I decided to give them another shot. I made a reservation for eight, tried to bump it up to nine, but they said the most people they could accommodate at one table was eight. Fine.When we got there, they asked us if we had reservation before we even entered the door. Yes. Then we got to the host stand - they asked us again if we had a reservation.  Yes, but it's down to seven - someone bailed last minute. The hostess did a bit of scurrying, asking probably a manger if we could still have the table they had for us with only seven. That person said yes. Then they said that two guests had arrived and were at the bar. We go see them, and our two guests were the ones that said our table was ready, the hostess didn't let us know even though we had walked right by the room with our table.  They had us in the front room with the big picnic table and the floor to ceiling window. The table and room could have comfortably accommodated ten people, but my request for nine was denied. And it was freezing. I couldn't take my coat off the entire dinner. Pretty dismal.The food was...meh. We ordered lots of apps to share and it was quite comical because one person did the ordering, and all the food was served to her, despite it being quite obvious that all these dishes had been ordered was for the table and not just for her. Drinks took awhile to come, but the servers and food runners were very nice...so they had that going for them...Needless to say, disappointed. Great atmosphere, cool because it's new, but probably wouldn't hit it up as dinner spot again any time soon.
5	On a Tuesday I made reservations for Friday and the earliest available table was 10 pm so I snagged it. We were running behind because of the snow, and the hostess was understanding when I called. We were seated immediately in the second level. We ordered cocktails, I had some concoction of gin and cava, and my friend had a manhattan made with coconut bitters. We ordered a russet and sweet potato appetizer. The potatoes were roasted and covered in a creamy sauce and crisp chives. I ordered the Monk Fish for my meal, it came with blue crab risotto, chanterelle mushrooms, capers and kale chips. It was also gluten free. My friend ordered the beef stroganoff and he loved it. The server did let us know the portions were "small plates" and I thought the sizes were perfect. We skipped dessert and instead headed to the bar for an after dinner drink. Out server was attentive and quite knowledgable, she even had all of the specials memorized. The drinks, service, and food were all great!
3	The food and drinks were great, but the bathroom situation is horrible -- at least in the women's bathroom.  The "stalls" are only about waist-high and thus, are pointless -- as soon as you step in the main door, you can see everything that is happening in any of the "stalls."  When the door is open, guys going into the men's room can probably see everything, too.  Obviously, none of the women in the restaurant were very excited about this, so there was a long line for the single-use accessible bathroom.  I would only go if I had a friend to come in with me and guard the door.  This is the WORST idea ever -- its one thing to go to the bathroom in the open when you're camping and eating spam, but its another thing altogether when you're paying for $12 cocktails.  NOT OK.
4	We went here this past Saturday night around 10:30pm.  While it was busy, we were still able to find seats along the wall across from the bar.  The decor in this place is nothing short of amazing.  It reminds me a lot of a speakeasy in NYC called "Please Don't Tell." No detail was left untouched.  We ordered the Rye whiskey flight, a Moscow Mule and decided to snack on the Dirty Pasta.  Our drinks were served quickly and the food followed shortly after.  The whiskey flight was enjoyable, our bartender brought the three tasting glasses over to us and explained each one, recommending order in which we should drink them.  The Moscow Mule was well done, not the best in the city in my opinion (hop on over to Acacia for that one), but delicious nonetheless.  Now, on to the Dirty Pasta. Oh. My. God.  Quite possibly one of the best dishes I've ever tasted.  Everything about it was perfect.  My only complaint would be that we ran out of noodles before everything else on the plate, but the ground duck/sage blend was too god to NOT eat by itself on a fork.  All in all, a wonderful evening and I highly recommend this for a date night, girls night, or pre/post theater-show drinks.  I will definitely be back very, very soon!
5	Food was simply amazing. Family style, so go with a group of people so you can sample a lot of things on the menu. Only weird thing is the ridiculously short doors in the women's bathroom so people can see you pee. Pro tip: There's a stand a lone handicap bathroom, use that instead.
4	8 of us went here last night and I have to say, I don't know what these other yelpers are complaining about (except the bathrooms which I will get to later) - it is awesome!  Pricey, yes, but awesome. First off, the decor.  When you walk in, you just know that the place is going to be good.  The bourbon bar downstairs is epic.  It has a ladder to reach the top bottles like you see in a library, very cool.  We ended up sitting upstairs which was part library, part taxidermy museum.  So long as you won't be offended sitting under a deer head (and if you are, this is not the place for you), the decor works with what they are trying to pull off her.  Second, the drinks.  Most of us ordered some bourbon drink, whether mixed or straight.  While I do think that $20 bucks for 2 ounces is a bit excessive, I stuck to the mixed drinks.  I had the Pittsburgh Smash - fruit, whiskey, blackberry goodness and the Whiskey Daisy - which I just loved saying and the flavor matched up to the adorable name.  My husband got beer and was really pleased with the selection except the special Church Brew Works light beer which was too bubbly, almost like the fermentation was off. Third, the food!  Oh, the food.  We split things, we hoarded things for ourselves, it was all awesome.  J and I split the camembert which was definitely the low-point of the night for me.  I make baked brie all the time for special events and I have to say that mine is better.  Beyond, that, I can't even comprehend how they made some of these dishes.  Each was better than the one before it.  So in order of awesomeness, with the last dish being the most awesome:Baked camembertBaked apple Betty - Not enough ice cream for one, too much sauce for another.  It was basically like a apple crisp that wasn't crispy enough.Fried brussels - these are amazing.  These make people that hate brussels say, oh, really, these are brussel sprouts?  Yes, my friend, yes, they are. Rice cakes - I know, I thought the same thing.  Dry, brittle, diet food in a place like this?  But no.  Like other reviewers have mentioned, these are pillows of rice goodness.  Covered in a spicy ssauce that has more of a kick at the end, these astound me.  Seriously. Fish platter special - oysters, smoked mussels, shrimps with the heads on, whitefish salad, gigantic crab legs.  It was a bit pricey -$49 bucks - but the seafood was pretty out of this world fresh and delicious.  I loved the smoked mussels cause they are always delicious and the shrimp were mammoth. Pig candy - Pork belly in a spicy, sweet sauce.  It was amazing.  I think my husband wanted to divorce me and marry it.  It's that good. Fourth, the bathrooms.  This is why they don't get 5 stars.  When asked about why the bathrooms are so freaking weird, the waitress told us that it's a different kind of place and they are trying to do something different.  There is good different and bad different and this is definitely bad different.  I had read the reviews, so I knew what to expect, but it is even weirder in person.  The stalls only go up to right above your waist and are huge, so you can totally, if you are into that sort of thing, check out the person with you using the bathroom.  There are only two stalls, so I am not sure what you do if you are the third person waiting.  Stare at the ceiling?  There is a lock on the door to completely cut out anyone from entering while you are in there, but these seems like a lawsuit waiting to happen.  Seriously.
5	I had the pleasure of dining there this past weekend. It was quite an experience. The restaurant decor was very interesting... I found myself looking around the whole time. I was in a party of four and our waitress was great. Everyone in my party order a whiskey drink... Not a big whiskey fan but each person loved their drink... We each ordered a different small plate. We ordered the rabbit perogies... Which were absolutely delicious and so was the beef stroganoff. I must say I would definitely come back and try some of the other plates!
4	Maybe would have gotten 5 stars if there bathrooms weren't ridiculous (the pig pen style doors only come up about 3 feet so you have direct eye contact with anyone else in the restroom at ALL times- uncomfortable and so awkward) That being said, our server was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. Everything our table ordered I loved (we chose about 6 small plates for 4 of us to share and it was the perfect amount) favorite= Brussels sprouts (one of their daily specials) Could be considered a little pricey but I think it was worth it Can't wait to go back!
4	We were in Pittsburgh for a weekend and of course we could not get a reservation on short notice.  Luckily the two of us were able to get seats at the bar on a very busy Saturday evening.  A friend had recommended BatR and after reading other reviews we wanted to give it a tryThe atmosphere is as described in the other reviews.  A young, loud and energetic crowd is apparently here every night.  The impressive wall of over 350 bottles of whisky is almost a little intimidating when deciding on a drink.Before taking our drink orders the bartenders brought glasses of water.  A nice extra for a bar specializing in traditional cocktails.I started with their oak barrel aged Manhattan, recommended by the bartender.  He stated it is one of their most popular cocktails.  The drink was a great start to the evening.  I can understand its popularity.  From now on, I will judge all other Manhattans against this one.Two of us ordered two small plates and one large plate. The food was enough for me (a larger appetite) and her (a smaller appetite).Everybody was talking about the fried Brussels sprouts so we tried them.  They were wonderful, fried to a medium brown with shaved cheese and just enough seasoning to make them savory.  The only downside to the dish was a tad too much oil (grease) in the bottom of the bowl.  The Pig Candy must have taken hours to prepare.  Pork belly was slow cooked, tender and flavorful with a semi-sweet glaze, served over spicy apples prepared with a Korean inspired kimchi sauce.  The semi-sweet pork and spicy apple was a surprising combination.  I actually enjoyed the spicy apple more than the pork belly.  Definitely not your traditional pork chops and apple sauce.She wanted the monkfish served over blue crab risotto.  Chanterelle mushrooms, capers and fried kale chips rounded out this dish.  Each bite had a different flavor combination as we mixed and matched the different elements on the plate.  She thought the risotto could have had more crab flavor but I had no complaints.  I thought the risotto was creamy and balanced.My second cocktail of the evening was the Sazerac.  When the bartender brought it over I was unimpressed.  Served neat in a highball glass, it looked like I was short-poured.  But then I tasted it.  Wow!  The flavors exploded.  Her cocktail was a creation of the bartender not on the menu.  A citrus blend with Prosecco garnished with a lemon twist.  She thought it was just OK.  I tried a sip and thought it was quite good - like a lemon-lime soda for adults.Even though the joint was packed, the trio of bartenders managed to keep up with the crowd.  They were very helpful and made excellent recommendations without over-selling.  Some of the earlier reviews gave negative marks for service, but we had no complaints.  If you go, get a reservation or hope to get lucky for open bar seats.  BatR does not open until 5 most nights so get there early if you do not have a reservation.For the price, I was expecting a lot and I was not disappointed.
4	Really great addition to the Cultural District.  The food is very good, the service is excellent, and they offer extended hours that the kitchen is open.  I tried their French Onion Soup, which was brand new on the menu.  It was not a traditional style French Onion Soup, the broth was much meatier, less thin.  It was a creative take on a classic dish, and the chef definitely made it work.   Great atmosphere. Even though the restaurant was packed, the seating is on different levels, so it feels less crowded to me.
4	Decent small plates. Would recommend the pig candy and dirty pasta. Great atmosphere and the best whiskey selection in the city. Good drinks, but the pretentiousness takes it down a notch. This is Pittsburgh.
2	I wish I could join the chorus. I really like Meat and Potatoes their other restaurant. Everything was a near miss. It's a cool menu, they have a great bar, the decor is great. Service was ok. Perhaps trying to do too much?  They're opening 2 other restaurants from what I gather. It's a familiar tale. I tried 3 dishes. The first was a special. Squash soup garnished with duck confit and pickled cranberries as I recall. This was the best of the 3. A bit more duck please as there were just a few shards of overcooked bits. It came out just barely warm.  Maybe they spent too much time garnishing it?  Would have been nicer, hotter.  Next, "Brussels". A bowl of Brussel sprouts in brown butter with a lemon aioli and dill topped with grated cheese. Still a bit nauseous thinking about it. Where was the dill?  The aioli was smeared inside the bowl a bit.  There was barely enough to talk about. They didn't skimp on the butter though. Ugh. It was swimming.  Somewhere around this time my eyes started burning and I thought I would be treated for smoke inhalation from the burning bread in the kitchen.  I imagine the near loaf they serve as under their Cesar salad being torched helplessly under the salamander until no trace of the craftsmanship of the baker remained. Sure enough, my dining companions Cesar bread was burnt. Lastly, I had the pig wings. Long beans, mango (too little) other veggies, cilantro, glazed and somewhat candied pork. Interesting dish but lacked balance. It was way too sweet just as my wife's peppers were way too salty. Everything missed.
2	I love the look of this place, with its sort of Boardwalk Empire meets Downton Abbey meets modern day PIttsburgh vibe. And the menu reads very well, with interesting and innovative choices. It's in the execution of the food where things fall apart. I tried three small plates...the shishito peppers, caesar salad and the pork terrine. The peppers came in a nicely charred pile, but didn't have enough of the sriracha sauce that was minimally painted on the plate. Not bad, just a little ho hum. The caesar had good flavors, but was egregiously over dressed, and was a smallish salad for the price, with more bread than salad. The pork terrine was good...the best thing I had. I've eaten at Meat & Potatoes a couple of times and thought it very good, so they may be spreading themselves too thin by opening this place, with two others soon to follow. They also kept burning the toast for the salad, which everyone seemed to be ordering, and the place was full of smoke halfway through our meal, which never dissipated, so they need a better exhaust system. They spent a lot of time and creativity here on the drink end of things...now they need to get their act together in the kitchen.
5	Service was great, an answer for any question we had. Good even if you are not a whiskey drinker. Bathrooms a little weird but overall a great place. Good for any occasion! Very unique atmosphere, Service was a 10!Could of been a little more light, like I said great place to take any acquaintance( boss, gf, bf or family spouse)
4	I don't even know what to say.  Between our crowd of four we managed to check off the following from the menu:Cauliflower: Not your grandmother's cauliflower.  I mean SERIOUSLY. This dish was so delectable, I'd consider an all-cauliflower diet forever, if this version was on standby.Mac N Cheese: A lovely little cast iron pot of tender mac n cheese. Who doesn't love THAT?! Could've used a little kick of some kind, but I enjoyed it just the same.Pig Candy:  I couldn't remember this dish too well given that I was caught up in my Santa Cider from Arsenal at the time, but as Jonathan D. reminded me, it was "Big ******* piece of pork belly."  A little crispy around the edges and all-around delicious.Country Ham:  This isn't Honeybaked. This is fresh from the Charcuterie kinda stuff.  A little salty; but that's the ham's fault.  Still, a worthwhile dish I might consider again.Dirty Pasta:  Pasta.  Meat.  Sauce.  Sausage?  Don't know, don't care. Delicious.  And I don't even like pasta. Yeah, that's right. Mussels:  I ordered the Mussels & Brussels; two separate dishes, one hilarious joke.  The Mussels were reminiscent of the mussels at Meat & Potatoes - not surprising given their owners.  Just like M & P, these mussels did not disappoint.  Bathed in a creamy curry, they are "slimy yet satisfying" (quick, name that Disney movie). Brussel Sprouts:  I'm one of those people that eats strange things in the car.  Some people eat McDonald's, I eat olives or entire cans of Reddi Whip.  If I could somehow manage it, these grilled brussel sprouts would be top of that list.  These bad boys of baby cabbages are so wonderful, even the most passionate brussels naysayers will fall in love with them.Rice Cake:  The best.thing.EVER.  I don't know WHAT this is or HOW it's made, but I would eat these amaze-balls balls any day of the week.  They defy description, so I kindly ask you to take my word for it.The moral of this visit was, I don't know how these dishes are prepared, nor do I know the majority of what they contain.  Regardless, each of them was a culinary masterpiece fit for any Pittsburgh palate, if you dare.
5	I started to give 4 stars because my salad came out with my meal, but my rabbit paparadelle was so amazing they need the full five! I'm a huge fan of Meat and Potatoes,  now I have options!
5	I mistakenly made my reservation for the wrong week & showed up with no reservation in the middle of restaurant week. The staff could not have been nicer and more helpful. I was crushed when I realized my mistake and they offered us a solution of dining in their upstairs bar when it opened half an hour later. They gave us their best table up there and treated me as if I hadn't made a mistake. They could have very easily turned us away. Thank heavens they didn't because the food was phenomenal. We loved every bite of every course. Furthermore their bourbon and whiskey selection is unparalleled. I will be back! If it weren't for Meat& Potatoes fried brussels, Butcher & the Rye would be my new fave restaurant. No surprise its the same owners.(Oh I have to second the complaint about the bathrooms. Ugh. Half stalls in the women's room, really??)
5	This is as good as it gets in Pittsburgh.  The food was fabulous and the drinks are wonderful.  The best bartenders in the city.  The Mac N Cheese is fantastic.  Get it you will love it!!!!  There is nothing on the menu that is not worth trying at least once.  Go to this restaurant.
4	OVERALL: A higher-brow, alternative to it's cousin down the street (Meat & Potatoes) with inventive small plates, and a truly stellar selection of bourbon.SERVICE:Good, as expected for a place at this price point. Servers are friendly, attentive, and will bring you an iPad to browse their extensive bourbon list. We were seated at the bar while the rest of our party arrived and were seated as soon as our table was ready, so no complaints here.FOOD:I was here with a larger group (8 people) and would absolutely recommend doing it this way. Butcher and the Rye has a variety of small plates and the more people you have, the more you can try, without breaking the bank. Options run the gamut from French Onion soup, to sashimi, to pate, as well as more exotic game, like rabbit and quail. The sashimi held its own against offerings from Umi or Penn Avenue Fish Company, and the ponzu sauce that came with it was different and delicious. On the meat front, the pate and pork terrine were tender and flavorful; the braised beef cheeks in the Shepherd's Pie and the flank steak were of high quality, but over seasoned. For a cheese course, we elected to have the baked camembert, which was forgettable, and would definitely have benefited from the addition of some honey. I did not sample, but heard good things from my fellow diners about the brussels sprouts and the mac n cheese. My one general issue with the food was that a lot of it felt fussy and overcomplicated, with ingredients/garnishes/reductions for the sake of show rather than flavor. The quality of the ingredients is excellent, and I feel the food could stand on its own with fewer distractions. AMBIENCE:Butcher and the Rye has a lovely rustic, yet modern/trendy feel to it, with a juxtaposition of wood and metal. The wall of bourbon is a focal point in the main area and wooden benches add a welcoming country kitchen feel. The semi-private room at the front is bounded by floor to ceiling windows. If it's cold out, it can get pretty chilly, so plan accordingly.FINAL VERDICT:Skip it if you are a picky eater, but for those with an adventurous palate, it's definitely worth a visit.
5	Pittsburgh Restaurant Week always encourages me to go out and try a new place that I've been meaning to get to, but just haven't made time for yet.  When my friends and I saw Butcher & the Rye on the list, we made time :)Walking in you see the rustic yet classy decor - boar's head hanging on the wall mixed with upscale lighting.  I felt like I walked into a HGTV makeover or something - yes, this is a compliment!  I wish I had that kind of style.We came for the RW menu, but since it was one of the last days of Restaurant Week, they decided to change things up.  We weren't too keen on the new menu they selected (since we already had our meals picked) so we went with plan B - order a bunch of items and share!!First I need to talk about my drink - Blood & Sand = THANK YOU!!!!!!!  THANK YOU FOR KNOWING HOW TO MAKE THIS DELICIOUS BEVERAGE!!!  (Yes I realize I used all caps.  I would shout this from the rooftops if I could)Food Time:  My friends and I ordered a bunch of small plates: PEI MUSSELS $12 red curry / coconut milk / long beans / tomato / lime / cilantroMAC N CHEESE $10 taleggio / fontina / goat cheese / cheddar / ParmesanA homemade bread (sorry can't find it on the website to access ingredients)BEET SALAD 10 goat cheese / croutons / pickled fennel / gem lettuce / pepitas / blood orange dressing.The mussels were delicious - though I later learned that I (sadly) have an allergy to them.  The Mac N Cheese was, in a word, HEAVENLY!  Creamy and incredibly decadent.  I've tried many Mac N Cheese dishes, but this is the best, thus far.  The bread was warm and fresh with 3 delicious dips - olive, Alfredo, and one other I cannot recall.  Finally my yummy beet salad!  Who would think to turn the goat cheese into little fried cheese balls?  Creative and tasty, but light with a delicious vinaigrette.For my main dish, I selected the Sea Bass with wasabi mashed - Light and flavorful!  I was pleased with my selection.  I did not want to share my dish with ANYONE.  I kept it to myself.Before running off to the theater, we decided to end the night with a sweet treat.  My friend and I shared: SUNDAE 8 coconut cream cheese ice cream / carrot cake / compressed pineapple / candied carrot.  Candied carrots?  Why can't all carrots be candied?!?  If they were kids would never have a problem eating their vegetables.  I could have licked this bowl, if I wasn't in public.  The creamy ice cream, the coconut, sweet carrot, moist cake... I'm drooling... I'll stop.Don't wait until the next restaurant week to visit Butcher and the Rye.  Make the time and visit them this weekend, tonight even.  Your stomach will thank you... unless you're allergic to mussels.  If you are, skip them and order more candied carrots!
4	My fiance and I came here for the first time on Restaurant week.  It was pretty crowded for a Wednesday night, which to me is a good and bad sign. Good bc it means people like the place and bad if there was a wait, which there was no wait but it could be bc we made reservations.  The strange part to me (which made me give a 4/5 stars) was when we were seated, the host ushered us to one of the long tables by the bar, which already had customers dining and the host wanted us to sit in between the other diners.  We didn't know that it was like that, and it would've been fine to dine with others except we really wanted to be able to talk to each other that night without having to scream or have less privacy.  We did decide we'll just dine by the stools across from the bar.  I think when making reservations, the host should ask if guests are comfortable sitting with others before seating them there bc after an hour or so of sitting on the bar stools, it was definitely uncomfortable.  They could've offered to seat us somewhere else being that we did make reservations and I saw there were empty tables.That aside, I did like the decor and atmosphere.  The food is one of the best I've had in pittsburgh.  I travel a lot and have tried a lot of food in other major cities and this place is definitely one to brag for pitt!  For starters, I had the oxtail french onion soup, which I do recommend but there were parts that were tough to eat bc some of the toasted bread was burnt.  The fiance had a salad.  I forgot which one.  For pasta dish, I had the mac and cheese, which was so creamy and tasty. Fiance had the braised rabbit pappardelle.  It was yummy!  tasted like dark meat chicken.  We enjoyed the pasta dishes.  My fave was the entree.  I had the fish with the wasabi mashed.  The fish was perfectly cooked.  Seems to be seared on the outside but it's like butter.  Tasteful butter.  Haha.  Really thoughtful dish!  The flavors blended so well on this dish.  Eventhough the portion was small, I enjoyed every bite of it and it was just enough if you had the pasta dish.  Fiance had the roasted chicken with the mushrooms, creamed brussels and grapes, which was also a very good.  for dessert, I had the deep fried brownie which was a beer battered peanut butter brownie with peanut praline and bananas served with bittersweet chocolate.  I'm a chocoholic, so it was divine to me.  Fiance had the coconut cream cheese ice cream on carrot cake with candied pineapples, which again is so creative and delish!  If you love whiskey, you should try this place as they have different varieties of aged whiskey.  My fiance tried a flight but beware of the price.  I didn't know whiskey was that expensive.  It was $75 for 3 whiskey "shots," which were 10, 12, 30 yr old whiskey, but he said he enjoyed it.  I think other flights were less than that.  tried a non-alcoholic drink, which wasn't that great to me for the price.  Overall, the food was definitely amazing at this place and would definitely recommend.  The chef should join food network's chopped bc the dishes he made were delicious and creative!
4	Love Meat and Potatoes and finally got to try sister restaurant. Wife had the burger and I had the waygu steak. Both good. We split the country ham app and the deep fried brownie (recommended). If you like bourbon this is definitely the place for you. Pricey but great selection. I enjoyed the cocktails more here than  M & P but again I like bourbon. Food is good but M and P is better. Service and waiter's knowledge top notch
3	Finally tried this place out after several failed attempt to book dinner at a reasonable time (I live in NY so I consider 9pm reasonable still and had difficulties trying to book on the day and finally the cold weather worked in my favor).Based on the raves and pricing I would say it delivered as expected, and perhaps I new to come back and try more dishes before I update my rating.  It actually is somewhere around 3.5 stars.Nice decor definitely had an identity to it.  I tried the skirt steak with fried egg, long beans, rice cake in chilli sauce.  Those of us familiar with Bibimbop will understand me if I say the favoring is very similar.  Instead of rice you get fried Korean rice cakes.  The rice cake retained the chewy characteristics expected except the outside was now a little hard and while I generally like fried stuff I expected it to be a bit more crunchy and perhaps this is a preference but I would almost say if it cannot be crunchy, then better leave it be (chewy).  The one I had was half way in between so it didn't really do it for me.  Skirt steak was very nicely done, I did find the dish in general was slightly sweet to taste, with the streak marinate and sauce.I had the beer battered peanut butter chocolate brownie with bittersweet chocolate sorbet and peanut praline.  Moist brownie - checked.  Crispy wafer - checked.  Candied peanut praline - crunchy goodness big check.  What I actually liked a lot was the bittersweet chocolate sorbet.  So dessert alone I am happy to give it 4 stars and it is big enough to share between 2.  It is very delicious but quite heavy.
5	We ended up here for dessert. We were seated right away. The place has a cool atmosphere and vibe. Dessert was delicious. We will definitely be back for dinner.
4	Came here again.  It was still packed, but was a more pleasurable.  Did a Prix Fixe menu with my friends and we each got a different dish and shared.  It was a great meal from start to finish.
5	I had a fantastic time here with friends last week. My friend made a reservation for us about a month in advance, so when the time came to finally go, it felt like Christmas morning. Almost.I absolutely adore the decor-rustic luxe meets shabby chic. There are hundreds of bourbons and whiskeys on the wall of the downstairs bar, and it's a really beautiful focal point. We were seated downstairs, and had a great view of the fun fabric wallpapers and cute cottage-style mirrors on the walls. There were four of us, and we wanted to sample a variety of items, so we ordered most of the small plates on the menu and shared them. My favorites were the brussels, the shishitos, the mac and cheese, and the fresh foccacia with whipped ricotta. The brussels sprouts were crispy and perfectly tender. Shishito peppers are one of my favorite things in the entire universe (not even joking), so I was in heaven when I saw them on the menu. A spicy cream sauce accompanied them on the side and the creamy decadence of it balanced out the shishitos nicely. The mac and cheese was gooey and heavy and oh so creamy. I'm glad I only had a few bites. It was fantastic, but all that heaviness would have done me in had I devoured the whole thing myself. They always have a fresh bread special, and it was nice to have some bread for the table to balance out the other dishes. I generally try to avoid bread, but this foccacia was to die for. It was puffy and fluffy and went perfectly with the whipped ricotta that I slathered all over it. We also ordered the caulfilower with farro, the crispy pig skin, and the pig candy. These dishes were fantastic as well, although I preferred the lighter, vegetable-based dishes. For dessert, we couldn't decide between the options, so we ordered three! We ordered the pot de creme, sticky buns, and the deep fried brownie. The dark chocolate pot de creme was my favorite, and I would order it again in a heartbeat. It was creamy and rich, but not overly so. The sticky buns were super sweet, but the nuts covering them added a hint of salt that balanced out the dish somewhat. Definitely on the sweet side for me, but a fun dish to try! I couldn't force myself to try the deep fried brownie because I was stuffed to the gills by this point, but my friend gobbled it up and said it was one of the best desserts she'd ever eaten. That's saying something! Drinks were delicious as well. I had a non-alcoholic ginger concoction, and it was spicy and sweet at the same time. The wine list is fairly extensive, and my husband was able to find several reds that he enjoyed. My beer connoiseur friend was content with his beer selections, and my cocktail-loving friend enjoyed the house punch of the day very much!Highly recommend!
5	Pittsburgh deserves this restaurant. Food and atmosphere some of the best in the city. Rivals some of the coolest places in LA. The only the negative I can say is service is so so, but Pittsburgh in general has pretty average service. Make sure you make a reservation, and get the beef tar tar. (and get over the bathroom, its not that big of a deal)
5	Do I dare say that this may be my favorite restaurant of all time?! I know that's quite a claim - particularly for someone with 350 Yelp reviews - but I had a positively dreamy experience at Butcher and the Rye. I would give this place 6 stars here on Yelp if I could.If you want to dine here at a normal time like a Thursday, Friday, or Saturday between 6-8pm, plan to make reservations far in advance. I made our February 13th reservations for 4 people over a month in advance! If you're currently looking to go on a Friday or Saturday night at 7pm, the next reservations currently available are Friday, April 4th or Saturday, April 19th. Umm.. whoa.Why is this, you may ask? Well, yes, some of it is because this restaurant is new and popular and trendy. But it's also just THAT GOOD. I'm tempted to go ahead and make reservations for April or May. Let's be real... I'm already ready to go back.So let's get down to the actual review... I absolutely love the decor. There is a strong and unique and intense theme in this restaurant -- an enormous wall of bourbon/whiskeys, grand chandeliers, luxurious wallpaper, and mounted animal heads. This place leaves a strong impression.I had heard some negative opinions of the waiters/waitresses at both Butcher and the Rye and its sister restaurant Meat and Potatoes. However, our waiter was fantastic. He was available when needed but not overbearing. He had a great personality and even cracked a funny joke. (I think his name was Scott?)And now to the food... our group of 4 shared bread, 6 small plates, 3 desserts, and each had a couple drinks. (Just a small note - don't get too committed to the online menu because the actual menu was a little bit different than what is on the website.) We started with the Focaccia Bread, Crispy Pig Wing, Pig Candy, Mac N Cheese, Shishito, Brussels, and Cauliflower. Our waiter did a great job of staggering the plates - bringing out two or three at a time - so our small table wasn't overwhelmed. All of the items were positively delicious, but if I had to choose my three favorites, I'd have to go with the Pig Candy, Mac N Cheese, and Brussels. These three items are the sort of dishes that you'd want to have on your last-meal-on-earth menu.I broke up these small dishes with two alcoholic drinks - a rum based mixed drink and some sort of special punch. Just know that they were both very tasty, and I greatly appreciated the fact that Butcher and the Rye does not scrimp on the alcohol.Finally, let's discuss the desserts. I think we all felt a bit silly ordering three, but we couldn't resist trying them. We had the deep fried brownie, pot de creme, and the sticky buns. All three were unique and heavenly! However, if forced to choose, I'd probably have to go with the deep fried brownie... because, well, it's a deep fried brownie. If you can't tell from this book-long review, I loved this place and can't wait to return! I may need to make my April or May reservations ASAP. :)
5	If I could give it 6 stars I would.  Was one of the better meals I have had in a while.  Made reservations early in January for Valentine's day, and could still only get 10PM!  Started off at the bar with a Blood and Sand cocktail, which was great.  I will say that I do like bourbon, but none of the bourbon cocktails jumped out at me.  I ended up with a scotch based drink while in a bourbon bar, oh well, moving on.   Started off with the bone marrow, while it was delicious, the star of this dish I believe is the Oxtail Jam.  I almost didn't even want the bone marrow, just the bread with that jam.  It was amazing, seriously.  For my main course I had the Waygu Flank Steak and it was delicious as well.  Was cooked perfectly, the potatoes and aioli really completed the dish.  Had to get dessert, right?  Went with the fried brownie.  While I would've liked more ice cream to have a better brownie/ice cream ratio, is a small complaint.  Bottom line, make the reservations for whenever you can and go.  One of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh.
4	I've been putting this one off for a while. It's hard because I love Meat and Potatoes, their "sister" restaurant. And while they are very similar in terms of food, I just don't think they're quite there yet.I've had the trout, which was good, but still not on par with M n' P. I've also dived into their breads, which are very good. But I feel like I'm still looking for something to set them apart. I know it will happen... or hope at least!But the drinks... Oh the drinks! They are spectacular! I mean, I want to drink there every night. Which would probably mean I have a problem... but it's just so good. I'm so into the Boulavardier. I can't help but get that every time I'm there. I know I need to branch out though, I realize I'm tying myself down. But sometimes I can't help myself!The attention to detail in decor is incredible. It makes me feel like I'm in a secluded writer's cabin, if you ignore all the people eating and drinking inside. I love the squirrels on the wall and the little corner with the desk and typewriter. Every time I'm there I find some other little bobble or decoration to admire.The one negative is the bathroom. As everyone else has noted, it is... interesting. I get it. It's supposed to be like stalls in a barn. I know, you can lock the door so that no one can get in, even though there's two stalls. But you don't learn that you can lock the door until you've been in there a handful of times. If you're the lucky one who doesn't know, you're sure to get a peak at something you might not want to see or someone will get a looksie at your goodies. Just bein' honest folks. Maybe that's why you need to just have bother drink there??
5	Best meal I have had in years. I got a rare steak like any rational person would do and it was cooked to perfection. My friend and I split a pork belly appetizer and it tasted like the best bacon you have ever had. For dessert we split the deep fried brownie and I normally hate desserts but this was the most decadent dessert I have ever had. Service was amazing as well. We just showed up without a reservation not realizing it was as popular as it is with long waits but the bar is open and we were served quickly. Bartenders at the 2nd floor bar were nice as can be. Great time. Will be back.
4	From the outside, I would never have guessed what I was walking into. Having had reservations for over a month, I was excited to finally get to try out one of Pittsburgh's hot new restaurants. When I walked inside, I felt like I had been transported to a lodge in the middle of nowhere Montana. The rustic decor was frightening yet welcoming. Despite the fanged animals on the walls and tables, I felt very warm and comfortable . . . until I got to our table. After two flights of stairs, (love how the set up of several levels), we were sat at a lounge table with short padded stoles and a small table which was much more appropriate for pre-dinner cocktails, not an entire meal. After looking over the menu, I was tempted by the cocktails but decided to order a glass of wine. The wine selection is very small. I ordered the ham and biscuits (country ham) as well as the cauliflower. I also had the pleasure of trying the mac n cheese and the brussel sprouts. The ham plate arrived first. The salty ham was a great compliment to the biscuits and the orange marmalade was wonderful but, the biscuits were still dry. The cauliflower arrived quite a bit later. The yogurt gave the dish a distinct tanginess that somewhat resembled pickled cauliflower to me. With the description stating there were carrots and brown butter, I was expecting a more savory dish. The best part of my meal so far was the couple of bites of the mac n cheese that I tasted from my dining companions. It was the creamiest, most decadent dish I have had in  . . . well, ever. Since I had room for dessert, I went with the deep fried brownie. It took quite some time for the dessert to arrive. More than 20 minutes actually. Luckily, it was well worth the wait. Remember when you would lick the spoon after mom put the brownies in the oven? Now imagine that uncooked brownie goodness, warm with a crispy outside. Incredible! The bananas and the sorbet were the perfect compliment. Also, unlike the other dishes, I was pleasantly surprised by the size of this dish. Definitely enough to share (two brownies) though you won't want to. It was easily the best dessert I have had since I can remember. Overall, the food was hit or miss for me. The dishes that were on, were incredible while the dishes that were off were only so-so.
5	Excellent atmosphere! We had the brussel sprouts, bread, bone marrow, tartare, mac and cheese, and sunday gravy. Everything was excellent! I can't wait to return. I spend a significant amount of time in Chicago restaurants. The overall experience here was comparable to a trendy night out in the Windy city.
5	Finally, we  able to try the latest from Meat and Potatoes team and it definitely lived up to the hype.Our food was great.Though that was a given since Rick is one of the best.What really blew me away was the decor! It is was as good as it gets. Great job.I can't wait to return
5	Although the name suggests that food is the focus ("Butcher" does come first in the name), clearly it's the "Rye" - and other whiskey spirits - that are the star of the show here. Not that comestibles are forgotten, FAR from that! I'd stick a fork in anyone who tried to come between me and my Shishito Peppers and aioli, Crispy Pig Wing, Roasted Brussels Sprouts or Pig Candy! It's just that when an entire floor-to-SOARING-ceiling wall-o-whiskey is the first thing you see when you come through the door, well...the emphasis is evident.While you're perusing the premises, it will be hard to find one spot for your eye to settle on because there's so much to see. I swear the restaurant is as much an art installation as it is a spot for fine dining. And drinking, of course. The surroundings have been curated and built by the chef himself. Rick DeShantz, of Meat & Potatoes fame, put together a restaurant for all the senses. And I'm not just talking about the food.Every elevation, twist and turn holds new curiosities from a Jackalope riding squirrel to a grown-ass bear to tattooed red leather chairs to door knobs for purse hooks on the upstairs bar made of recycled vintage doors to the quirky Ladies' Room downstairs that allows you to make eye contact and conversation with your across-the-divider neighbor and still take care of private necessities. I can only imagine what special features the Mens' Room has! Explore every level, explore every nook and cranny. What Chef DeShantz didn't handle himself, he hired the best of the best to tackle. Like the amazing murals!  Bottom line...if you're a fan of art, antiquities and bizarrities, check this place out. You won't be disappointed. On to the cocktails. Please! Downstairs the wonderful wall-o-whiskey dominates the room. Here's where you'll settle in for flights and tastings and drinks made of the finest whiskeys around. At all price levels. You name the whiskey, I'd be shocked if B&R doesn't have it. Give it a try. Head up the stairs...and up yet another smaller set of stairs still...and you find yourself at my own favorite spot of all. Bar Manager Mike Mills put his head together with Rick's to come up with a bar setup all other bartenders must drool over. There's even an area behind the bar to cook up syrups and shrubs, bitters and brews and all sorts of cocktail creativity. Be sure you order a classic cocktail here. My fave? A cool, refreshingly tart and sweet Ramos Gin Fizz. Oh my! There is absolutely no doubt whatsoever why the The Butcher and the Rye is a semi-finalist for James Beard Outstanding Bar Program this year!Classic/craft cocktails not your scene? Maybe one of the original cocktails from some of the best bartenders in the city. (When I talked about Rick being a curator, I was talking about the way he gathered not just the artwork, but some of the most talented cocktologists in the city under one roof. Well...he and business partner Tolga Sevdik conspired to make that happen!) One other thing...Monday nights from 6:00 PM on, there's a little (BIG) deal going on upstairs called PopUp Embury. Yep, The old renowned Embury makes a weekly appearance with the former Embury's own Spencer Warren behind the stick. Guest bartenders from all over the 'Burgh and elsewhere recreate the magic that was Embury for those of us who miss it or MISSED it before the magic ended. Don't miss it while it's there....last call for PopUp Embury is scheduled for March 31st. See you there!
5	Mikey served us up some amazing drinks.  Even ran downstairs to put an order in for us before the kitchen closed.  This place is all class. Take your girl there, have Mikey surprise you with a drink of his choice, and leave feeling spiffy.  Music, atmosphere, service, all top notch.  Go.
5	After falling in love with Meat and Potatoes, I had to check this place out, and I was not disappointed.The atmosphere is noisy (in a good way) and trendy and off-beat.  Three of my favorite things.  The particular server we had was incredible - he was a wealth of knowledge that helped us make our drink and food decisions for the night.  I had two separate whiskey drinks that I loved - which is saying a lot since I don't drink whiskey.The shining star of the night, however, was the food.  Oh my goodness the food.  Everything we tried - and we tried a lot - was flavorful and amazing.  The portions were perfect.  We didn't have leftovers, but we were still full.   We ordered the squid-ink pasta appetizer, I had the dirty pasta, my husband had the scallops.  For dessert I had a green tea pot de creme and my husband got the deep fried brownie.  Nothing disappointed.I would go back there in a heartbeat, as there's so much on the menu I'm dying to try.  It can definitely get pricey, but for the quality of food, service, and fantastic atmosphere, it's worth every penny.
5	This is as good as it gets.  I get to try good food living in Chicago, but this place would hold it's own anywhere.  They have a wall of whiskey that they use a rolling ladder to pluck the bottles with.  One guys job is to just ride the ladder.  Best food and best drinks in Pitt.  It's an eclectic new american menu with tons of cool dishes.  The mussels were great, try the Monk Fish with blue crab risotto.
5	I loved this place and my fiance and I cannot wait to go back! The atmosphere is really neat and the food is incredible. We went here with a group of friends and we were all rendered silent after our food came out because it was just so good. Everyone that worked there was very friendly and helpful, the service was great. While we were waiting for our table someone from the bar came and got our drink orders and brought us menus. I thought that was a great touch. The alcohol is a little on the pricey side for the small glasses that you get but other than that everything is fairly reasonable for how delicious and great quality the food is. I can't wait to go back and get more of that amazing mac and cheese!
5	Been to meat and potatoes and loved it.... and this restaurant is just as amazing.....    atmosphere is a little cooler and more lively.....    I love the decorations......    we started with a pig wig that had the best caramelization and tasted like upscale BBQ (I don't like sweet.... but this was a pleasant sweet).   For dinner I got skirt steak that was perfectly seasoned and had rice "cakes" (gnoccis)....    the sauce was the best and I loved my dish.....    my husband for the scallops and rissoto.... he said it had a great crab taste and he loved it.... we got drinks which was good hut a little to trying to hard to be foodie for me... I recommend this anywhere.... like meat and poratoes it is foodie enough for those who want it and familiar enough for those afraid of foodie food.Out service was fantastic and our server checked on is multiple times
4	Service was friendly and attentive with the exception of the hosts which seemed more interested in themselves and their iced coffees than the fact that we were there to eat which kind of left a bad first impression when we checked in for our reservations. Luckily the rest was positive enough to more than make up for it. Started with the country ham and shishito which were both delicious in their own ways. Our meals , the chicken and wagyu dishes, were 5/5 as well as our drinks evident by the fact that I couldn't even spare the 10 seconds to take a picture before digging in.
5	The dinner was excellent. The charcuterie plate was outstanding. My entree was the flank steak which was cooked perfectly and was very yummy. I tried a bite of the burger, which was on special, and it was delicious! I can't recommend the restaurant enough.
5	Went in on a Tuesday night, very busy, so recommend reservations (though there were a few open spots at the bar for those of you looking for something last minute).There were five of us, so were able to order quite a few plates (I'd recommend doing this if you could).  Here's what we had, all were very good, and we've already made reservations for next week...-Pig Candy :  Pork Belly with kimchi.  -Mac & Cheese : Ohhhhhhhhh...this was soooo good.  MUST try, even if you don't like Mac & Cheese.  -Roasted Brussel Sprouts : Yum!  -Shishito Peppers : Very good.  Not hot but a little bit of spice.-Mussels : Didn't try them myself (not a fan) but the others said they were very good.My main entree was the Dirty Pasta (pasta with Rabbit meat).  Also very good!  Also, if you are a whiskey drinker, this place is heaven.  The bar has a ceiling high display with various selections.  Price wasn't too bad...averaged $50/person but that included each person averaging a tapas plate, a main entree and a couple of drinks.
5	This place was a TREAT! I went there with my brother, his partner and my husband and had a fabulous dinner. I had mussels for an appetizer and someone else got the pork candy. Both were amazing. My dinner was the scallops and they were absolutely scrumptious. My husband got the Shepherds Pie, with foam mashed potatoes and beef cheek and it was absolutely out of this world. Our server was also very friendly and funny. Will be back next time I'm in the "Burgh".
1	Called and made a reservation on a Thursday as this was where a friend wanted to go for his birthday.  The day of the reservation (the next day), I get a call at 5 pm (reservation was for 9:15) and the woman said: "I'm sorry, but we're trying to close at 8:30 tonight, and the person who took your reservation didn't know that.  We can give you the same time at Meat and Potatoes, if you like." This tells me:a)  You don't run the front of your house well. b)  "Trying to close at 8:30?"  WTF?c)  You should have offered me some compensation, because by 5 pm on a Friday, I can't get a reservation anywhere until Tuesday.d)  Offering me "Meat and Potatoes" instead?  If I wanted to go there, I would have made a reservation there in the first place.Amateurs.  If this is how you handle your customers, I'd be very scared of how you cook.
4	Been trying to go here for awhile now. Did not disappoint. Sat upstairs, kinda cozy with encyclopedias on bookcases surrounding us. Homey feel. Had the pork belly and the duck pate for starters...oh my goodness, oh my goodness. Wife had scallops and i had the papardelle with rabbit. Both were delicious. Waiter was flawless, no complaints. Would definitely go again.
5	The burgers! The wine! What a great place. Also, if it's on the menu, try the edamame. They prepare it like I've never had edamame. It's a great appetizer before you get to the meat!
5	i've been here twice and i really wish they weren't always full to the brim with reservations and not even any room at the bar because i'd love to go back more. being sisters with meat and potatoes, they are very similar in "prohibition style drinks" and "fancy tapas". fancy tapas, by the way, are what i call the dishes, i'm sure they have a much better term to describe them.so, let me explain what you have to look forward to. the restaurant is rather big, but there isn't a lot of space, surprisingly. there can't be more than 15 seats at the bar, if there are even that many. there is a small bar section across from the bar where you are still sitting at stools but you just have a ledge to eat on against a wall. there are two floors, but it always seems like you're squeezing your way through to get anywhere. there is a second, smaller, bar upstairs as well. so in other words, you NEED TO MAKE A RESERVATION if you want a table or have a party larger than 2 or 3.next, let's talk decor. i LOVE the way the place is decorated. someone described it to me as being inside a wes anderson movie and i think that's a perfect description. rustic punk is another way i've described it before. and oh, that wall of whiskeys...so now let's talk drinks. prohibition style (i still don't think i know exactly what that means, but it gives me an idea of what to expect). they concentrate on whiskey but have plenty of other cocktails, a punch of the day, and a decent beer selection. last time i went i had the butcher's bride and it was great.ok, now food. when i say fancy tapas, what i mean is delicacies in small portions. the menu is separated into bread (foccaccia with bean spread, olive tepenade, and whipped parmesan for us. amazing), flatbreads, charcuterie, cheese, small plates, large plates, and desserts. almost exactly like meat and potatoes, and the items themselves are similar, although i believe butcher's menu is slightly smaller. this visit, we split the bread, pork candy (if you like bacon at all, i highly recommend), and skirt steak (i still don't know what the sides were but i loved them). i've still not made it to dessert here yet, but the smores sound yummy.finally, price. of course the place is expensive because they're fancy, serve fancy food, and super popular right now. but honestly, it's worth every penny.
5	Oh god, so good. Clearly a younger restaurant, but the food is wonderfulI got the waygu flank steak, just a perfect steak, not too salty, a ton of flavor. We'll be back.
5	amazing!
3	I was really excited about this place before walking in because Butcher and the Rye is really hard to get a reservation. FOOD - I had mussels, marrow, pig candy, duck liver pate, and wagyu flank steak. The portions were good, price were good, and everything tasted good. Though we ordered our steak medium rare, it seemed a little overcooked and asked them to make it again for us, which was again a little overcooked. Overall, other than the duck liver pate, everything was mediocre.SERVICE - service was excellent!ENVIRONMENT -  I liked the vibe of the place, and it would be a great place to grab a drink and eat appetizers. It won't be a good place to bring kids or for a large group of people.I gave three stars to the place because although there was nothing that bothered me, they weren't excellent. I probably will not come back here and rather go to Meat and Potatoes.
5	Troy was awesome. This place was great. Ask for recommendations. You'll be happy you did.
5	Meat and Potatoes is one of my favorite Pittsburgh restaurants and I was excited to try out their sister Butcher and the Rye. When we arrived a few minutes before our reservation time the table was being bussed and was ready about 5 minutes ahead of time. Water was brought out promptly and we were given menus and the specials of the evening and  given a few minutes to go over the selections. Most of our party ordered the daily punch which last night featured tequila and passionfruit two of my favorite things. It was delicious and refreshing without being too sweet. One other in our party had the wheated bourbon tasting which she enjoyed, but wasn't as smoky as she had hoped. We ordered a few appetizers to share and then we each ordered entrees, but shared those as well. Appetizers:Strawberry Gazpacho, was interesting. The online menu does not have the description on it, but it had what looked to be cream cheese, pesto, tofu, strawberries, and a foam which flavor we could not place. Overall this was the only dish we weren't thrilled with. Marrow with oxtail jam / pickled orange rind / sea salt / parsley salad.  This was a huge hit, though we did need to order extra bread immediately because the only two pieces of bread were sitting under a mound of amazing oxtail jam.  Everything about this dish was stellar. We all enjoyed it and as a fan of the marrow dish at M&P I thought that this dish was even better than that one.Pig Candy described as pork belly / apple kim chi / miso caramel / cilantro. Another stellar dish and a favorite of the table. The pork belly was delicious and the accompaniments helped to cut through the fattiness of the pork belly. Truly delicious. Entrees: Roasted Chicken with duxelles / hedgehog mushrooms / creamed brussels / grapes. I am not usually one for ordering chicken out at a restaurant since it is something that I make at home most nights of the week, but I was right to order it. This dish was so insanely delicious. All of the accompaniments where perfect and each bit was more delicious than the previous one. Dirty Pasta with ground duck / strozzapretti / sage / brandy / pecorino romano. Truly delicious. The sauce was savory and delicious and the ground duck paired beautifully with it. Pan Roasted Trout with cauliflower steak / capers / lemon / golden raisins / almonds / parsley / beurre noisette. The bite of trout I tried was delicious and fresh tasting. It was a large portion and there was a foam that was amazingly delicious. Steak Frites was a special of the night so no description, but the hangar steak was perfectly cooked medium rare and there was a sauce that tasted like it was tinged with sriracha. Very delicious. This is definitely in my top ten meals ever. The food was delicious, I really enjoyed the atmosphere and I can't wait to return. Before we left we made reservations to return when a friend is coming to visit.
2	Nothing was horrible, but given the hype, the price, and the quality of it's sister restaurant (Meat & Potatoes), we left very unimpressed.  I really debated between 2-3 stars, but I really felt that the tagline that accompanies 2 stars is pretty accurate."Meh. I've experienced better."Crispy Pig Wing - this was probably the best dish of the night.  Tasted kind of like sweet and sour chinese pork.Summer Squash - there was barely any squash on the board and consisted of a bunch of sauces smeared around, definitely not worth it!Bone Marrow - at first, we were impressed by the size of the dish, but after taking a few bites, we were again very disappointed.  There wasn't much flavor to the bone marrow.  Beet Salad - a very meh salad.  consisted mainly of romaine lettuce.Steak Frites - decent, nothing special.  At this point, though we were pretty disappointed with the entire meal and were hoping for something more memorable.We also ordered drinks, all of which were decent and probably the only thing I would suggest coming back to Butcher and the Rye for.  The decor and space are great.  (Except that it is a tad bit on the dark side, so you can barely see what you're eating...)  The atmosphere is fun, but the food just wasn't very good.  I really wanted to like this place, but I'm going to suggest that you only come here if you're looking for a place to grab drinks downtown in a nice setting.
5	Awesome experience all around! Melissa was a fantastic server... She was always available and brought our food in perfect succession. The decor was modern and comfy all at the same time!We started with the dry aged tartare ... Which ended up being my favorite thing! We then had the beet salad followed by flank steak and the hangar steak special. Everything was delicious and cooked to our specifications. We wanted to try the s'mores dessert but just ran out of room! We'll definitely be back!
2	First off the drinks were outstanding, food very well prepared but it all came out at once, even the soup and salad. This makes it easy on the cooks but is sloppy for someone who can dine at the very best and has higher standards.The focaccia was nothing special. The fried peppers were well prepared but overloaded with salt. We sent back the cauliflower dish.It is very very loud which takes away from  its appealThe reason for my low rating is the AC Was  on the wall next  to the bar and said 78 fIt was so hot!We were so uncomfortable, it ruined our experience totally. This is unacceptable. We sat at the downstairs bar. The upper floor must have been sweating from heat and humidityNo fans were  here to move air around. I was told the AC  units were scheduled to be fixed. I have a photo of the AC reading but can't find how to post it on here.I wish they had vegan or vegetarian choices. The menu is full of all kinds of dead animal parts and sprinkled with dairy
5	Excellent restaurant - delicious small plates and drink choices. Service is exceptional and speedy. Need to make reservations in advance! Highly recommend making room for dessert.
1	They say they are open till 2:00 AM. At 1:20 we went there and they were closed with all the chairs stacked up on tables.  I called and the message says they are closed. They get 1 star for being liars.
5	I can finally say I understand the hype that this place gets. Don't get me wrong, it's not that I haven't been here before--I have. It's just that both times when I was here before, I didn't get the appeal. We had mediocre service and my dish was undercooked. I was hesitant to feel completely negative about them; after all, they were new and I have never had an unenjoyable experience at their sister restaurant, Meat and Potatoes. Giving them the benefit of the doubt and assuming that perhaps they were working out the kinks (after all, they had just recently opened), we returned to tonight and I am so happy that we did.We arrived slightly earlier than our reservation, so we had some time to sit at the bar. The bartender was friendly and helped my fiance pick out a whiskey from their enormous selection. Given the limited information my fiance gave him, the bartender was spot on and recommended a whiskey that he really enjoyed (Black Maple Hill). I ordered a Brandy En-Rouge and, spoiler alert, that's what I drank for the rest of the night, despite their extensive cocktail list, because if it ain't broke, why fix it, yaknowwhatimean? We were seated soon thereafter and greeted by our really wonderful server, Stephani. She promptly refilled our water and replenished our cocktails. Bobby tried a whiskey flight, which he thoroughly enjoyed. For a starter, we split the Sunday Gravy and it was amazing. My taste buds were seriously having a dance party right there in my mouth. Soon after we were finished, a friendly guy came by to bus our dishes, and immediately had our silverware replenished and our waters topped off. Our water glasses never made it to empty the entire night.On to the main course, my fiance had the skirt steak which looked amazing, and it was definitely cooked perfectly. I enjoyed the Dirty Pasta. And by enjoyed I mean it was definitely one of the best things I've ever eaten. The sauce was amazing and the pasta was cooked perfectly. For dessert we split the du jour pot de creme (espresso with raspberry topping). I kid you not, I could have eaten like 7 of these. It was delicious. Despite the fact that the restaurant was crowded and loud, our seats felt intimate and we could hear each other talk the entire time. The restaurant was a little warm, but the food was totally unparalleled and the service was obsequious without being domineering. The atmosphere was trendy and cool, and the armchairs we sat in were so comfortable. I'm happy to see this place has finally found its groove.
5	Everything - the food, the ambiance, the service, the bourbon - is out of this world here. I had to book reservations far in advance, but it was worth the wait! Food - get the pig candy appetizer. The combinations of flavors involved is mouth-watering and unique. I also had the dirty pasta - delicious ground duck and cheese. My partner had roast chicken stuffed with mushrooms and more chicken under the skin (druxelle). It was quite good.Drinks - if you like bourbon, you absolutely must go here. The list is extensive and has many rare options. The lions tail cocktail is done well (though Tender's is better). Service - exceptional. Ambiance - intimate upstairs, social downstairs So, get yourselves a reservation here and enjoy!
4	The food was great and inventive.  First time I have had dandelion greens  and my hanger steak was perfectly cooked and seasoned.   The Bourbon options were amazing.  Service was helpful and quick.
5	Butcher and the Rye has built up fo level of loyal fanaticism normally only reserved for religious leaders and heads of state.  As it's dining devotees continued to multiply, I decided it was time to investigate for myself.The rumors are true.  When you sip your expertly prepared craft cocktail or lift your fork to your dish, a beam of light shines down from above, a choir of angels serenade you, and your tongue breakdances in your mouth.As truly exceptional as the food and drinks are (The bruschetta was phenomenal, and I would sell my soul to learn their Brussel Sprout appetizer recipe) the atmosphere is what is most distinctive about B&R.  I love their sister restaurant Meat & Potatoes, which is also excellent, but the decorations and vibe are on a whole other level.  Imagine if Clint Eastwood was playing a lawyer cowboy industrialist tycoon in the late 1800s, and you'd been invited to a VIP party in his mansion.  Vintage wallpaper, playful taxidermy, books, plush vintage couches, top hats, distressed wood, and antique lighting, are expertly placed to cover every square inch of B&R with class and character.  It's not a cheap, but the food, atmospehere, and fast, friendly, knowledgable staff live up to their sky high reputation.  Butcher and the Rye may be the coolest and most unique gastropub in the burgh.  I can't wait to introduce more friends to it, if only so I have an excuse to go back!
5	After falling in love with Meat & Potatoes, I felt it was only right to give this chef another chance to wow and impress.  After anxiously awaiting our reservation for upwards of 2 months, the night finally came and I have to say it was well worth the wait and even lived up to the hype.  The restaurant is gorgeous, very gamie, outdoorsy feel to mixed with a almost fine dining decor.  For appetizers we tried the Dry Aged Tartar, this was the best variety of this dish I have truthfully ever come across.  Delightful large pieces of fine quality beef, encrusted with parmesan, black garlic aoli and the best part truffled eggs.  Put it all together on a piece of the texas style toast served with it and you have a melting genius combination that will leave you salvating.  We also really enjoyed their version of Mac & Cheese, the goat cheese was the real standout here.  A sharp variation, creamy and surprisingly complex.For Entrees we tried the Wagyu Flank Steak and Seared Scallops.  I have to admit I am no scallop fan but found this dish to be the better of the two, they were absolutely perfectly prepared with a fantastic crunch to top them off. The Flank Steak was very good but I did feel like I could of picked a better Entree to represent the restaurants diversity and expertise, I just think I picked the wrong dish, nothing more.  I was satisfied but not wowed by this steak, I dont really understand the whole Wagyu craze anyway.I would recommend this restaurant to anybody that liked meat and potatoes and likes to stay some what in American Comfort Food.  However this menu is a bit more exotic than M&P.  Service was excellent and knowledgeable as well.
5	Finally went to Butcher and the Rye last night.  We got a super early reservation which was about as good as we could do for literally weeks.  The place, however, was less than 1/2 full (except for the two bars) the entire time we were there (5:20-7:15).  Which made me wonder why it's so hard to get a res?  Oh, well.  Just note this suggests you can pop in after all.The decor is interesting.  NYC-hipster-trendy-meets-hunting-lodge?  I thought it was interesting.  My husband was like, huh?The service was prompt and very pleasant.  A definite A plus.  Of course the drinks and menu bore comparison to M&P, which we love.  This menu seemed bigger and a bit funkier/less "accessible" than M&P.  Lots of aps/small pates, which is a big plus to me.  Not too much on the menu for pickier eaters.  (Actually, my husband had a limited selection, but I blame him for being picky... doesn't care for tomatoes, pasta and several varieties of cheese... rather limiting.)  We both started with manhattans, which were easily on par with the ones at the speakeasy at the william penn.  Definitely worth the trip alone.I ordered three apps, because I like to taste things (and don't mind left overs).  I had the special greens & beans, brussels and shisihto.  The greens & beans were an interesting take and were tasty enough, but nothing overwhelming.  The brussels and shishito were delish.  I would definitely order them again.  Roasted brussels sprouts with dill and lemon aoli and shishito (japanese peppers) with siracha aioli -- yum!  My husband ordered the hanger steak feature, which he declared one of the best food compositions, if not the best, he's ever eaten.  He just wished there was more of it.  (Not a huge portion size and he's a big guy.... he should have ordered a salad...)I also had a sazerac.  Expertly crafted.  Total bill came to $104, which I thought was pretty reasonably for the quality of the food.  Cocktails are $10, which is downright cheap for this sort of place downtown.All in all, we'd definitely go back.  Next time, I'd probably just do apps at the bar with cocktails.
5	We had 10PM reservations, and it was definitley necessary. We had the pig wing, tartare, and pork belly apps that were all delish. I also had the scallop dinner and my husband had the shepherd's pie, both of which were fantastic. Great vibe, decor, and music at this place. The staff were all quick, professional, and friendly. The bartender made us some very good classic cocktails.
5	The food was amazing!!  Great beer as well. Unique food. I would go again in a heart beat. Great atmosphere. :)
4	I went for dinner with a Client last week while in town for business. We sat at the bar and I immediately noticed the most impressive whiskey wall,(predominantly Bourbon) I have even seen outside of The Library in NYC.  They have it all. THE STAFF: The female bartender Maggie was fantastic.  She was attentive, engaging and knowledgeable.  She spoke to us just enough to make us feel more than welcome without interrupting our business dinner.  The other bartender. Well, all I will say is he was not as interested in being there and seem liked he was having a bad night and wanted out ASAP.  But enough about that. THE FOOD: My Client had the hanger steak and I had the wagu beef steak.  Both we amazing! Also very reasonably priced at $22 and $28.  Cooked to perfection, portion was perfect.  Absolutely spot on! THE BOOZE: They have every whiskey known to mankind, and a very up to date prohibition style cocktail menu.  They have a great signature list as well.  Here is the issue. The pricing was beyond sky high! It was as, if not more expensive than Manhattan.  Actually it was like Dubai not Pittsburgh.  EXAMPLE: The Woodford Reserve Sonoma Cutrer Bourbon which is one of my favorites that Chris Morris of Woodford makes.  It's something I look for and generally,( from low end to high) around $18-$35. This is across the country, from LA to Denver to Houston and Boston.  I travel a lot for business and I can stand firm on this pricing model.  Well, here it was $90 for a two ounce pour. OUCH!! And most of the cool whiskeys like this were outrageous. I won't dwell on the negative pricing anymore.  IN CLOSING: I certainly don't want this to be a negative at all because I loved the place and will definitely visit again when I'm back in PBGH.  However their booze pricing needs to be examined. It was the difference between a 5 star review and 4 starts for me.  If they get the pricing to just industry standard, it will be a grand slam. I also want to try their other restaurant Meat & Potatoes. I heard it was spectacular as well.
5	LOVE, love, love this place. After several attempts to walk in failed, we just went to the bar. Not disappointed. The decor is a dream. The service impeccable. And from a pescatarian's view....trust me, you aren't forgotten or shoved to the side as an afterthought. We had the artisanal cheese tray, the Brussels (my all time fave!!), the cauliflower (divine!) and the scallops risotto. Amazing food!  The agave drink was heavenly. Cannot wait to return!!
4	After the Ben Folds/Pittsburgh symphony concert in mid June myself, my boyfriend, and his friend headed over to Butcher and the Rye-directly across the street from Heinz Hall. I had made 10:15 reservations for 4 (according to open table that was the earliest they could seat a 4 top) and it worked out well because the show was over at 10. Although we became a party of 3, they easily accommodated us and we were seated directly beneath the antler chandelier. We all loved the rustic decor and the bourbon/whiskey wall behind the bar was very cool. We did not get a chance to go upstairs but I could see it somewhat and it looked mostly the same as the downstairs. We were greeted quickly, our drinks took longer than we'd have liked but the quality of the 2 cocktails quickly made up for that . We ordered a dogfishhead 60 minute, a manhattan, and a butcher sour (my drink of choice). The cocktail I enjoyed was nicely handcrafted and the manhattan was described as "aces"-so this is an excellent place to grab a unique cocktail. The features they had last night looked delicious (a burger with pork belly, a hangar steak with frites, a squash tasting, and a pasta) however we were told that they were out of all of the features. The three of us started with the pig candy-"pork belly / apple kim chi / miso caramel / cilantro"-it was very tasty but not enough for three people so I only had a small bite and let the other 2 in my party eat most of it. As for entrees, the pappardelle (braised rabbit / carrots / tomato / celery / parmesan), the shepherd's pie (braised beef cheeks / creamed peas / carrots / bacon / potato foam), and the mac and cheese off of the small plate menu (taleggio / fontina / goat cheese / cheddar / parmesan). I did not try the pappardelle but that is what I would have ordered had I not ordered the mac and cheese. I was told it was well cooked with large noodles. I tried a bite of the shepherd's pie-the beef cheeks were excellent and the potato foam was like nothing I had tasted before. it was more of a deconstructed shepherd's pie with the potato foam covering the dish. The mac and cheese was off the charts yummy! It was very creamy and rich and was the perfect size to finish on my own. The top was toasted nicely and the crunchiness naturally meshed nicely with the creaminess of the cheese. It is rather hard to get reservations here but it was well worth it and I'd love to go back and try the Butcher's Bride cocktail and the pappardelle. Hopefully a return trip won't be too far in the future!
4	Went here last night before a play at Heinz Hall, perfect location for that. Firstly, they messed up the reservation and booked it for the wrong night. They tried to seat us upstairs in a dark corner sitting on a little cube with a 2 ft diameter circular round table. I told the server this wouldn't work for me and the manager reseated us at a normal cocktail table. Notice I have given 4 stars, the problem was handled appropriately. We ordered martinis immediately, one of the worst martinis I have had in Pittsburgh, again, notice I gave 4 stars, I get it, this is a bourbon/whiskey bar. I had a couple makers 46 old fashioneds after that that were very good. Food is great, tartare was excellent, best I can recall having in Pittsburgh. Macaroni a cheese was one of the best things we ordered, give it a try. Almost didn't order the bread, that would have been a mistake, it was excellent. Overall this place is a cool atmosphere, not family oriented, which is a big plus for me. Downside is that some tables are so dark that you can't see what you're doing. I would not hesitate to go again, and I will try and hit it again in the next couple months, but this place isn't the end all be all of Pittsburgh.
4	This was my first time here . Ate at the bar . Because the place was busy, it's worth the wait , however I suggest you call for a reservation . The staff is friendly enough, but it's a little loud in here.. I will definitely come back and eat at the table .
5	I don't usually get drunk. I mean, I get tipsy from two glasses of wine, so it's the very rare occasion when I'll have more than one cocktail. The drinks are so incredible at Butcher and the Rye that I may have had three... Maybe. This place is super cool. Moody, hip and cool, actually. Immediately upon entering you know it's the place to be. In addition to being moody, hip and cool they happen to make some of the best cocktails in the city so they have the klout to back up their moodiness. I highly suggest heading up the staircase to the upstairs bar. The dudes behind the bar are master mixers -- they really know what they're doing. I loved seeing them gracefully shift from one drink to the next, chatting away with their customers and always maintaining a polite, kind demeanor without ever missing a joke or a request. They're so talented, I went off menu and put my drink completely in the hands of Jay, who hit it out of the park every single time with his well-balanced and creative cocktails. Hency Hily having three, and Hily getting drunk. If you're a cocktail person in the mood for something fun, slightly old-school and a little bit different, check out Butcher and the Rye. It's a bar (and the cause of a killer hangover) I'll not soon forget!
5	One of my best meals. We ended up upstairs at the bar since they were so crowded the night we went. Full menu is available. Great environment and decor. Feels very old timey, like you are in the 30s, but perhaps more noir. The bartenders really know what they are doing. We could not stop ordering drinks, because we kept wanting to try another one. Definitely a place to hit up if you like bourbon cocktails. TFT bone marrow appetizer may be in the top 10 things I have eaten in my life. Do not miss out on that. Will absolutely come here again. This will be on my regular rotation when I am in town.
5	This place is wonderful.   I was tipsy from my cocktail so I can't recall exactly what we ate but it was beef and it was fantastic.  We will definitely return.
5	After an interesting dinner and first round of drinks at Olive or Twist, my friends and I headed to Butcher and the Rye to escape the cheesy lounge singer playing on the first floor and the excessively sweetened drinks. We found a good spot at the bar and took a look at the drink menu. I had a perfectly made Boyd & Blaire dirty martini and the Witch Doctor. The surprise of the night was when our party of 8 was presented with glasses of champagne from an anonymous patron. Although the bar became a little crowded, the overall experience was enjoyable. I look forward to returning for dinner.
5	Ok, so finally on a plane and have some time to catch up on writing reviews.So my partner and I recently road tripped up to Lake Chautauqua New York to spend some time with family and realized that Pittsburgh was on the way.  Having never visited Pittsburgh we thought we'd stop off for a night and check it out.  What a great city!  We were totally blown away and this restaurant was a big part of it.  This joint really hits on all cylinders!  The staff was welcoming and friendly, the drinks were extremely well crafted and the food and table service were divine.  We started with old fashioned's and a "bees knees" at the bar and were seated quickly for our 9:00 reservation ( yes this place is that popular).  We decided to stick to small plates and were rewarded handsomely!  The standouts from dinner were the brussel sprouts, steak tartare, and the "pig candy" (pork belly).  The brussel sprouts were crispy fried and absolutely drenched in butter and Parmesan cheese and the tartare was properly finished with an egg yolk.  The pork belly was decadent and not lost in the glaze that it was prepared in which was nice.  We were not disappointed by the wine list and truly had a wonderful evening here.  If you find yourself way out that way, check it out and eat up y'all!
5	I've liked it every time, but we did the Restaurant Week Pre fixe this week and it was a-mazing. I don't remember everything that was in it, but there was this deconstructed grilled cheese and tomato soup where the little sandwich had some kind of pancetta and the tomato soup was made with green tomatoes and duck fat. So good.
4	The reviews don't lie, this place is pretty great.  We went here at prime time (7:30 pm) on a Saturday night and I was a little apprehensive that, despite our reservation, we might not be seated promptly.  I was wrong!  We were quickly escorted to the 3rd floor and a neat little table next to the railing, which gave us a perfect view of the establishment and a great way to check out the impressive whiskey wall.I believe another reviewer labeled the decor as "hunting lodge chic".  Spot on!  There were interesting little trinkets and artifacts tucked in every nook and cranny.  My favorite was the outlandish taxidermy on the 3rd floor.  In particular, at the end of the bar on the 3rd floor there's a mounted rabbit with a squirrel riding it like a bucking bronco.  Fantastic!I can't comment on the mixed drinks because I stuck with beer, but the beer selection was adequate.  This is a cocktail and whiskey place, so my expectations were met with the beer list.  Adequate but not impressive.  We tried the brussel sprouts, foccacia, and pig candy to start.Brussel sprouts - ridiculous.  So good.  Chessy, buttery, is that a little lemon I taste on there?  Man, these were incredible!  And the "small plate" of brussel sprouts is A LOT of sprouts.  Easily enough for 4 people to get a decent serving.Focaccia - meh. standard.  The whipped riccotta and parm spread was excellent!  Neither of us like olives, so the tapenade was lost on us.  The white bean dip was lacking.  It tasted like plain, pureed white beans.  This one needs some work.Pig Candy - it was good, but I've had better at several other places.  Perhaps my least favorite part of it was that it was served as a 4 oz. hunk of fat that was not cut up in any way, shape or form.  I think the presentation needs a little work here.  Who doesn't like pork belly, though?For the latter part of the meal and after being reasonably full from two small plates and bread, we decided to take advantage of the Pittsburgh Restaurant Week 4-course tasting menu.  I don't recall what each item was, but can say that the standout was the skirt steak with chimichurri.  The rest was good, but not super memorable.We both enjoyed this place a lot and would go back.  Next time we'd tackle small plates only, since this seemed to be the real sweet spot.  Butcher hasn't been open too long, and it seems they are still trying to find their place, or should I say, find their "plate".  They have a few standouts, but need to continue to  build their arsenal of awesome dishes. Keep it up, guys!
5	So I have been here a few times. I came craving the sundae. For those who have had this, it is heaven. A carrot cake, coconut ice cream perfection. Disappointment 1- it is no longer on the menus. I had their pasta special, which consisted of leeks, roe, pig trotter, and general pasta goodness. I decided to try the new S'more. It arrived and disappointment 2- no element was warm. This was a deconstructed s'more. Homemade marshmallow, brown butter ice cream (a la fried ice cream), a chocolate ganache-type creation, and chocolate graham cracker. It looked ok. Then I tasted. OMG!  Dessert heaven. All disappointment washed away, carrot cake who?!  If you like s'mores, this will not disappoint. This was sweet, but the brown butter and graham elements tone it down. If I wouldn't have looked insane I would have ordered two. I will go back for this alone.
4	I am not from Pittsburgh and when I was looking for a restaurant open near my hotel, I stumbled into this little gem of a restaurant. The dark, lofty, eclectic atmosphere was pleasant and welcome after a long day of tourism! I ordered a glass of Pino Noir and, while it was a very fine selection, it was $12.00 - a fact unknown to me until I got the check. However, it must've had a pretty high alc content because it did the job of two glasses of the crap I buy at home. We were seated upstairs in very close quarters to the tables on either side of us - don't expect privacy here. But my husband and I love people watching so we were not put off by being subjected to the DB sitting next to us trying to impress the girl we believe he met online. It was a form of entertainment. My husband spent a good 10 mins perusing the VERY extensive whiskey menu and decided on the Angel's Envy. What a treat! Truly a flavorful blend to savor slowly, first with the olfactory then orally. One can smell the unique ingredients. I plan to buy a bottle of this "nectar of the gods" for my boss at Christmas. It's definitely a bone warmer. We ordered a cheese tray appetizer. I was expecting a few triangles of Cheddar. What we got was a smattering of four specialty cheeses - each with opposing flavors - designed, I believe, to wake up your taste buds and remind them that there are still unique flavors in the world! My favorite thing about this tray was the sweet peach jelly infused with a touch of Mustard oil. There's a name for this lovely combination. But I forgot it. Our entree's were the Shephard's Pie and the Flank Steak. The Pie was wonderful. The meat was so tender it melts in your mouth. The flank steak was way way way too salty. I ate it all after those two $12 glasses of super charged Pinot Noir and chased it with 3 glasses of water. I don't think my Sober tongue would have done so well. Steve was a very patient, awesome, friendly server. We asked him more questions than any diner at 10pm on a Saturday night has a right to ask. We tipped him well. Overall, this is definitely a place foodies should try and meat & potato peeps like me should experience!
5	I've only been here once and was immediately captivated by the great wall of whiskey, bourbon and the likes. The atmosphere is fantastic here - almost makes you forget you're in Pittsburgh and not in some ritzy, hip town like New York City.My boyfriend and I were sat upstairs at a small table by the bar - which gave us a perfect view of the "great wall of whiskey". What was great was that we could still talk and hear each other although the place was quite crowded. When we sat down we were warmly greeted by our cheery waitress and even had the pleasure of talking to the manger, Michael Mills. He was extremely nice to talk to and you could tell he loved his job - which in the restaurant industry, that is sometimes hard to come by and we appreciated the attentiveness. We got two small plates - the Brussells and the Pig Candy - OMG. Amazing! We had recently went to Tom Colicchio's steakhouse in Las Vegas and got the brussel sprout appetizer and let me tell you, this restaurant was quite comparable! Both of these small plates were out of this world.For dinner we got the Wagyu Flank Steak and the Seared Scallops. Both were delicious, but not quite as delicious as the small plates we had just eaten. On the drinks side we both had 2 drinks and left there feeling quite good. The drinks were different than anything I had tasted. I got the Bees Knees (because sadly I am not a whiskey, bourbon, scotch drinker) and it was amazing.
5	WOW. WOW. WOW. The mac and cheese is absolutely the BEST mac and cheese I have ever had in my entire life. I'm more partial to stovetop (creamy) mac and cheese than I am to the eggy kind that's baked in an oven, and this totally hit the spot! Rich and garlicky, I wanted to lick the bowl when it was gone. I also tried the lamb gravy, which was like the richest bolognese I've ever had. Really excellent.The decor is like a shabby chic hunting season goth nightmare--including the best use of velvet wallpaper I've seen in a while. Cool and dark on a hot summer day, and the light fixtures made from antlers lend a True Detective air to the dining room. You sit on mismatched wooden chairs and, if you're upstairs, eat guarded by a massive taxidermied grizzly bear. The "wall of whiskey" is rather impressive, though I'm not partial to whiskey myself. I did have a very nice rye cocktail, the Rye Buck, which I can only liken to a thinking woman's whiskey sour. The Hazel-Rah, a take on a mai tai made with hazelnut bitters, is also delicious.We were lucky enough to be able to score a reservation here pretty easily, but it DOES fill up quite quickly, so the sooner you call for a place the better. There are some communal tables in the front that are first-come-first-serve, but every time I've walked past here right after opening, they're filled up, so I think those may be difficult to get as well. So call them up and get ready for the best mac and cheese everrrrr. You won't be disappointed!
4	The food here is really good. As a group, we went for scallops (outstanding!), pig wing (succulent, tender), brussel sprouts (i want to eat them again today), and roast chicken (tender, juicy, rich and flavorful). We really enjoyed the food. The portions are small, but I've decided that's a good thing, even though you pay the same as you'd pay for larger portions elsewhere. Basically, there's no chance you're going to be uncomfortable and regret eating too much of X. Service was also pretty good. No complaints. Because the weather was really nice, we wanted to eat outside. The outside part of Butcher and the Rye is not so nice. This isn't their fault, but I wouldn't eat outside again. Sixth avenue is a busy corridor for two things that will bug the hell out of you while eating dinner: 1) Port Authority busses belching fumes and making noise; and 2) Downtown drunks belching fumes and making noise. And I don't mean the kinds of drunks that trip over their high heels and screech at their friends... these would have been ok; I mean the kinds of drunks that drool and fart and beg for change while tripping over their shoe laces. So, go for the food, and eat indoors, and you'll enjoy it.
4	I was glad to finally make it here to try it out.  There's been a lot of talk about it and I wanted to see it for myself.First, the atmosphere, vibe, ambiance, and food is unique here.  You're not likely to find another place in Pittsburgh that is similar.  We ate on the second floor which overlooks the first floor bar.  There are books along one wall like an old world library, unique lighting fixtures, and stuffed animals on the walls.  The tables have things like a pig dressed in a suit, and so on.  Very cool place.We had three appetizers: the pig candy (sweetened pork belly), the 4-blend mac and cheese, and the bone marrow.  Everything was very delicious, although the pork belly texture was throwing me off a bit.  The mac and cheese was plentiful, creamy, and delicious.  The bone marrow, but especially the accompaniment of oxtail jam(to die for!), was a real hit!We also had the scallops, which consisted of three perfectly cooked scallops.  The scallops had a great hard sear on them, and 90% of the restaurants in Pittsburgh miss the cook on them --- often undercooking them, or not having the pan hot enough.The scallops were SUPPOSED to be served with a crab risotto, but I wouldn't really know, because instead of actually getting risotto, I got what looked like a plate with a little sauce on it, and no risotto to speak of.The "Around the World" whiskey flight was a Bourbon, an Irish Whiskey, and a Japanese Whiskey.  All delicious, but the pours (3/4 oz) were really small. The service was friendly enough, and efficient but lacked the polish of a better restaurant.  Dishes were left on the table longer than necessary.  For instance, when we walked through the restaurant to our table, a group of waiters were talking by the stairs, and one girl was actually blocking the stairs.  We needed to maneuver around her as she continued to BS with her co-workers.  I didn't want to disrupt her story.The portion sizes (of even the so-called Large Plates) were on the small side.  I was glad we ordered plenty of appetizers.The almost complete omission of risotto on BOTH plates of scallops(perhaps not an accident?), and lack of better service gives this place four stars.  As I've mentioned in other reviews, when a restaurant is parting me with $200+ for a dinner of two(ok, including a few drinks!), the value has to be there.  If you want top dollar, your food has to be "top" and your service has to be "top."Overall, I'd recommend it with the noted caveats.
5	The pig candy was AMAZING! We booked a 9:10 reservation (highly recommend) and had to wait a few minutes so we grabbed a drink at the bar upstairs. The restaurant layout makes for interesting conversation! We sat at the overlook on the second floor. The chandelier of the first floor was parallel to us which was made of deer antlers... very cool! The two-story whiskey bar-wall was awesome. They have an old-school library ladder to climb up and grab bottles. I would definitely recommend this place for a date to share plates because there are too many good options to just choose one!
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome place; can't wait to go back once in town for business. Friendly staff, amazing food, great drinks, and cool atmosphere!!
5	Fantastic place for inventive delicious food.
1	So, the idea of this restaurant is wonderful. The ambiance is great, the food was good (some plates spectacular), and it's clear a lot of art and culinary skill emanate from the kitchen. However, for some reason, our waitress tonight was just absolutely unpleasant and unprofessional. I love to ask questions to know more about a dish's profile, and when I said "I have another question," she rolled her eyes and said "ok" in a very condescending manner. Then, one of our party was looking through the pictures on yelp to make a final decision, and when the waitress was going through to take orders she lingered on her; so the others explained that she's trying to figure out what she wants. The waitress had the audacity to respond, "On her phone? Has she even looked at the menu?" Not to mention the rude tone, to top it off. First of all, Melanie, even if she were texting and ignoring you, your profession does not condone that kind of interaction with the customers. Please check your attitude. And no, trying to be nice the last two minutes with our table will not ensure you get your tip. It's unfortunate that a server can ruin the atmosphere for such a great restaurant.
5	I was in town from Los Angeles and wanted to go to a fun restaurant with great food.  This is the place.  We had a reservation for 8 but ended up with 10 diners.  They fit us in.  We shared several small plates and each had a main course.  Everything was excellent.  The wagu brisket is a must if they have it.  So are the brussel sprouts.  Drinks were well made.  I would highly recommend.
3	My #1 Pittsburgh Restaurant Week choice was here.  So weeks in advance I booked a reservation for Wednesday.  This was the only day available that I could get a reservation at a normal dinner hour time.  I have tried in the past to make reservations here and because I am not into eating dinner at 11:45 pm, I have been unsuccessful.  But here we were, and I was so excited to finally try B&R especially during Restaurant week.For starters we were seated pretty promptly upstairs in a long communal type of table.  Though the tables themselves were separated (as they had to be in order to get in and out) you could easily reach to your left or right and hold the stranger sitting next to you.  It also induced an awkward situation that the waiter had  to talk to the back of my husband's head all night unless he wanted to do a 180 to speak at him directly.  The place was also very dark, which led to an unfortunate incident I shall unveil at the proper time.  Not initimatly dark, but more like bedtime dark with flickering candles.  So to the food, again extremely excited, and again looked online at their Restaurant week menu and was eager to try the menu, but alas without making it known on Restaurant week's website, the chef decided to change the menu daily.  I can't remember what was on the website but I recall being disappointed because I really wanted to try it.  Due to the new findings the hubs ordered off the regular menu.  He went with the WAGYU FLANK STEAK prepared medium.  I stuck to the altered restaurant week menu that had four courses.  1)corn fritters with an aoli 2) a pea soup with half a toasted cheese sammie 3) A seafood pasta dish 4) A flaky cream pastry with lemon, berries and a chocolate sauce.  I also ordered a couple overpriced Manhattans.The food came at a good pace.  The corn fritters were rather good but were sitting in a vessel on top of the sauce making it difficult to dip them individually (had to ask for some extra on the side).  Next the pea soup and cheese sandwich.  This was definitely the best thing I had that evening.  The pea soup was delightful.  The gourmet grilled cheese great flavor and worked well together with the creamy pea soup.  I will say from here my dining experience started to plummet.  Next my seafood pasta came out along with the wagyu for my husband.  So remember how it was really dark in there?  The dish was prepared with a darker noodle and my first bit was full of shrimp and prawn shells.  They left all the shells on in this dark place hidden in this dark dish.  I spent the rest of the time picking shells out of my teeth and feeling the pain of regret.  At one point I pulled a huge prawn whisker from my mouth and said that's it I can't eat this anymore.  Funny thing, my very close neighbor, who I could hear easily, flagged down the waiter and began to tell him how much she disliked her meal and I quote "this tastes like a fishes ass."  Sadly I looked down and we were eating the same thing.  To add to the disappointment my husband's wagyu was tough.  I mean a $30.00 steak should melt in your mouth and it was so tough and chewy, just not a choice cut whatsoever.  The desert was average to me, I am not a big sweets fan.  I split this with my husband who adamantly believes fruit doesn't belong in deserts unless it's apple pie. But nevertheless helped me eat it.  I would try B&R again, but it's not at the top of my list since there are many other good places that you don't have to book a month in advance to visit .
5	I went last night with my fiancee for my birthday and it being our 5 year anniversary since meeting.  The dinner did not disappoint.  I highly suggest the Acacia red wine.  Very affordable and drinkable.  It is exactly what I want in a dinner wine.  Although I ordered seafood, I still like my red wine.  For the evening, we had the focaccia bread appetizer, I ordered the scallops for entree, my fiancee ordered the hamburger special for the day, and dessert was pumpkin cheesecake.  Everything was awesome. The scallops were cooked perfectly, and the risotto was the best.  It definitely left me wanting more.  Dessert was perfect  not your typical pumpkin cheesecake, and the fruit garnish/syrup was a nice touch and contrast to the sweetness of the dessert.  I only wish that they had espresso for after dinner!  I wanted a pick me up before the show, but stayed with my last glass of water to finish off the meal.  Melissa was our waitress, and she did a great, great job of making recommendations.  She did convince me to switch to white wine for the entree, and I am glad that I did.  Thanks, Melissa!
3	I had heard so many great things about this restaurant and therefore decided try during a business trip to Pittsburgh.  The space is very eclectic, but cool.  I was seated upstairs which offered a nice view of the entire restaurant.  I proceeded to order the foccacia bread, the infamous brussel sprouts and mac n' cheese.   The bread arrived first, in loaf form, not what I was expecting, with 3 dips, that didn't really excite me.  The bread was topped with a multitude herbs and it was very,very greasy on the bottom.....I coudn't eat much of it.   The brussel sprouts arrived next.   I LOVE brussel sprouts, but these just didn't do it for me.  The fried sprouts were buried in a cheesy, greasy, vinegary mass.   I could barely taste/find the sprouts.....I didn't finish them.   Last but not least, the mac n' cheese.  The portion was generous, and nicely flavored but I would have preferred it baked versus just heated on the stovetop.   It was just too soupy for me and once again, I couldn't finish it.   I declined dessert, fearing another disappointment.   This place just didn't do it for me, but I can see where other would like it.  The atmosphere is welcoming and the ingredients are fresh and well selected.
4	After a less-than-stellar experience at Meat & Potatoes, I was hesitant when friends suggested Butcher and the Rye before our show at Heinz Hall. So glad I went anyway! Apparently it's hard to get reservations, but our friends were able to make some and we sat at a cool open-air table. The foccacia bread was so-so, but totally made up for by the wagyu burger that was on the list of specials. Served piping hot, it was the perfect done-ness, and the cheese (supposedly made in house also) was the icing on the...burger. The fries were delicious, too. Since I usually avoid menu items like dirty pasta with ground duck meat (another of their offerings, which I'm told is amazing), I was glad to be able to get something that was so, well, normal, in such a trendy place. Only slightly negative comment is that the service was a bit slow, even though we mentioned we were trying to catch a show after. Our reservations were an hour and 45 minutes before our show started across the street, and we just made it as the lights were dimming!
5	Great place to see if you have not been.  Loud and moving atmosphere with tremendously diverse food selections. My tummy was in heaven!Shishito peppers and Brussel sprouts are the best.
4	Where the drinks are exceptional and the ladies room is my own personal nightmare. I've never deducted a point for the height of bathroom room stall until now, but this is not the way I want to make friends. Go for drinks, but go to the bathroom with friends.... Or hold it until you get home. Again, drinks exceptional.
4	This is probably on the low end of a 4 for me.   What's good: - The ambiance - The place is stunning, with lots of rustic and modern touches kind of mixed together.  There is a wall of bourbon and whiskey bottles behind the bar, many of which are accessed with a library ladder.  Lots to look at and enjoy at this place.   - The service - Our server was friendly and knowledgeable.   The only criticism I had was that when several of us ordered two appetizers as our meals, her default was to serve them together.  I get it, the place is packed and you turn tables over faster that way, but I would have preferred an option and she phrased it as a "this is what's going to happen unless you want to object" kind of thing.   - The variety - The menu was filled with yummy looking things that I wanted to try.   What's so-so:  - The food - or rather, the consistency of the food.  I ordered the Crispy Pig Wing, which was downright delicious. The bone marrow, however, was less than stellar.  Further, it was TINY.   Maybe a tablespoon of marrow on a single bone.  I honestly think that bone was just cut unevenly, because one of my companions had a bone with a much deeper groove.  She probably had at least 3 times as much marrow as I did.  They ought to know better than to serve such vastly different portions to the same table (or at all really).  The skimpy serving ruined an otherwise really tasty dish.  Both dishes also could have been a tad warmer.- The value - I don't mind small portions at all, but some of my companions had dishes that seemed pretty skimpy for what they paid.  The burrata for example, was very small.  We had considered splitting it as an app, but I'm glad we didn't because it would have been about a bite each.   For $12 or $15 or something...can't remember the exact price, but I do recall thinking that it was outrageous once the dish appeared. - The bathroom.   So the stall doors are about waist high, which means that,  anyone standing on the other side of the door can pretty much see your lady parts.   Bad form, Butcher, bad form.
4	I wasn't sure if I was going to like Butcher & the Rye as much as I did, but I loved everything from start to finish. It was a belated Birthday dinner for myself by my mother in law. We had reservations made with a request for a non communal table and we were seated on the first floor in a corner of the restaurant, spectacular table to observe all the action going on around us. Decor was great, rustic reclaimed wood wall panels, mixed with a retro wallpaper, sort of a rustic cabin meets a speak easy. Service was great...maybe one of the best Manhattans I've ever had. My wife had the cauliflower appetizer that was great and I thoroughly enjoyed the pig candy, perfectly crispy pork belly. For the entree I got the short rib, which was excellent, but a little overly fatty it was served over a homemade version of baked beans and not your typical baked beans, not very saucy, but very flavorful. My wife got the recommended wagyu flank steak which was extremely good with its bacon vinaigrette and fingerling potatoes, my mother in law ordered the scallops over blue crab risotto which she raved of. It was a very good Birthday dinner and I will return!!
5	We sat in the front in the room to the right with the large American flag on the wall. It is a super room off to the side and perfect for larger parties. If you are a party of 6 or more I recommend you try and get this table. The weather was lovely and the doors were open onto the street, and the ambience was fantastic.This place is a whiskey lovers dream, they have a huge wall of whiskey, with (I think) over 500 on the menu. I'm not into whiskey myself, however I had a whiskey cocktail the rye Buck with lime and ginger that was probably one of the better cocktails I've ever had. The wait staff are excellent, they are fun, friendly, hip and make your experience a great one. The restaurants design is seriously cool, we loved it! It is incredibly interesting, for no other reason, if you do to want to eat (which you should as the food is outstanding) go for a drink or 3. Food was wonderful, we split some appetizers and then all ordered a main meal. Everyone loved their meal, and we were an eclectic bunch. I had the scallops, and loved loved loved the blue crab risotto that it is served with, they were seriously good.Word to the women, the female bathroom is "interesting" check it out. I will not ruin it for you, but it's a talking point. Basically you cannot go wrong here, it was probably one of our favorite restaurants that we tried while in Pittsburgh.
4	Very creative food. The pasta dishes (we had 2) were some of the best pasta I have ever enjoyed!  VERY noisy.
4	Super friendly service and amazing food! Even their small plates are incredibly rich so I wouldn't actually recommend getting that many dishes. It's best to share! This place is heaven for whiskey-lovers. We ended up doing a little blind whiskey tasting, and the bartender and waiter were excited to play along. It's a bit loud inside, sometimes making it a little difficult to enjoy food and private conversation.
4	Really nice atmosphere. The lamb neck appetiser is to die for!! Wide drink selection!
5	Unbelievable drinks here. I've been blown away by the cocktail selections and try something different every time based on my mood. From girly drinks to classic man cocktails, they've got you covered, but I think they specialize in the middle ground. Many of the concoctions I've never heard of or tasted anything like them before.The upstairs cocktail bar has a special additional cocktail menu I was told is not available downstairs. All of the bartenders are extremely friendly and hilarious to have a great chat with. I haven't tried the food but have seen a few of the dishes, with an impressive sounding menu with impressively large portions for the price.This is my favourite bar in the city for the incredible ambiance, which has got to be the best in the entire city, the cocktails, and the super cheap craft beer selections to end the night with. I've tried their house dark ale on draught, a rye porter, and will definitely be back for another serving soon.
4	Great drinks, lamb appetizer was great! Would have gotten 5 stars except for the bathrooms which are insulting: might as well be in Indonesia with a room of drains on the floor!
5	If I could give it 5.5 stars I would.The decor is adorable, the drinks and cocktail selections are incredible.The food was so good, I don't even know where to start.  Dirty pasta was out of this world good, with fresh pasta, ground duck, brandy, sage and romano cheese. And the brussels sprouts are cooked in brown butter with lemon aioli & parmesan.  For dessert we had the pot de creme -- the special that day was maple caramel, topped with pecan pie crumbles.Reservations are the key to trying this place, so plan ahead, and enjoy!
5	Went here the other day for some drinks. I have to say that they all were delicious and quite creative. I did not get any food so I hope some day I am able to make it back for some food and drinks. It is more expensive, but the drinks are very delicious and the atmosphere is different in a good way.
5	The highlights:*Nearly unsurpassed whiskey selection. the bar is beautiful with the bottles lined up single file and illuminated along the back of the bar. Make sure you ask for the iPad with the spirits menu. They carry the entire Van Winkle line, several vintages of several Buffalo Trace Antique collection bottles, multiple iterations of Parker Heritage College, and many rare bottles like Michters Celebration, AH Hirsch 16, and Four Roses Marriage. All the whiskeys are available in 1 and 2 oz pours. * The cocktails are interesting takes on modern classics and often feature neat house made components* The decor is like an upscale resort hunting lodge with a very large antler chandelier. * The food was in general very good. The specials are constantly changing and usually feature interesting highlighted ingredients like pork cheek, rabbit, Waygu beef, and diver scallops. Make sure you get the Focaccia and Brussels as starters* Servers were useful with suggestions for food, drinks, and meal planning. They came by frequently to refill water and get drink orders
3	Great bourbon selection, but horrible bartenders.  It may have been the 2 we dealt with, but they knew NOTHING about what they were pouring.  Not only was their knowledge lacking, but their order taking skills were poor.  My wife and I each ordered a different bourbon, 1 oz pour, neat.  Doesn't get much simpler than that.  Our bartender grabbed one bottle so we had to tell him we both weren't getting the same thing.  After he grabbed the correct bottles, he gave us 2 oz pours.  With a little common sense and a lot of education, this place could be great.  We didn't eat anything, but everything looked delicious.
5	This place was FANTASTIC! Super cool vibe. Everything was so great! I got the vodka cocktail not too sweet, grape fruity, just delicious. We ordered 4 "small plates" it was plenty of food. We had the pate. Smooth, creamy heaven. The Mac and cheese i would marry. The pork candy, which is really like pork fat with a little crunch on the outside. Just melts in your mouth so good. And the beef carpaccio. It has a duck egg on top with a bit of truffle oil. Not usually a huge fan of carpaccio but this was amazing. Can't go wrong.
5	we were a team of school Principals from the old country flew into Pittsburgh from London England. The service at the restaurant was fabulous, prompt with a fantastic cuisine .the staff were helpful, caring and professional. The ambience was brilliant and the wines and beers all absolutely fantstasic wow!If we come to Pittsburgh again, we will be back.Thank you john
2	Place look like it had a cool menu. Stopped in for a drink and the bartender was such and arrogant pain that the single overpriced drink that our group had was ruined. There were not many people there and the bartender was far more concerned with chatting with the ladies there and when asked about menus and drinks was really "put out". I think this place has a lot of potential to be good, it was just a terrible experience and we chose to take our business elsewhere.
5	Add this place to your bucket list.Service was great, the bartender was like an artist with drinks, and the food was amazing.We came into town for the game and couldn't get reservations, but did get a seat at the bar.  Everything was perfect and I will make sure we get reservations next time we're in town.The wife loved it as well and wants to return for a full blown experience.  BTW - we got there exactly as it opened to secure a bar seat and within 20 minutes, the place was packed.
4	I think I would put this more at ALMOST 4 stars if I could. We got there and the hostess was nice. We were seated upstairs at a good table and you cant deny the decorating is something to talk about (although get rid of the horrible painting at the bar). It did feel crowded, not because of the people but of how much stuff they have in there, but I get it. Service: Our waitress was nice enough. Wasnt really able to tell us too much about the meals in detail but at least answered honestly when we asked if the coffee was good (not really), and she was right! Biggest thank you to her was not bothering us that I wanted only one glass of wine and he didnt want any. We traveled, we didnt want to drink and I know places that would have kept pushing it and acting annoyed. She didnt.Food: Really good. I had the scallops which were good - slightly over done but cant complain. He has the Pot Pie - excellent presentation!Bathrooms: Come on. Nothing trendy or fun about those. Saloon doors don't work when you're tall and trying to squat yet being able to see over the doors and therefore staring in the mirror while someone is washing their hands. Major fail.Overall: Good food, would go back if I was in Pittsburgh. The roped off third floor was really weird. You don't find that in major cities so seeing that in Pittsburgh was a bit odd. Not sure what they are trying to show. "Trying to hard" was what I kept thinking when I saw that. Almost makes the place seem dated to be honest. Would go to eat and drink though.
3	Food was good and atmosphere was  very unique for Pittsburgh. Went here for our wedding anniversary before a show at Heinz Hall. Very trendy and a place people go to be seen or to say I've been there. Prices are high to make it a regular spot but would go back for a special night on the town. I recommend the pig candy and brussel sprouts. Try the duck liver if you can get past what it is. So rich and creamy! Want to give this place 4 stars but couldn't based on the cost. I expected the bill to be higher but $200 for a few small plates and a few drinks is a lot.
3	This place doesn't live up to the hype or price.  So I used to love Meat and Potatoes, which is owned by the same people.  Then I went to Cure, and I realized how amazing a "meat-centric" (is that a thing?) restaurant could be.  Butcher and the Rye is the same way.  It's super-cool, and it's definitely worth going to check out the decor and the multi-story bar.  The food is good, but it didn't knock my socks off.  To wit, I ate there about two weeks ago and I have zero recollection of what I had even though the meal cost well over $100.  If you're a whiskey aficionado, as is my boyfriend, you'd probably love this place, but even he was underwhelmed by the food.  It's great when new, upscale, non-chain restaurants open in the Pittsburgh area.  But as of yet, Butcher and the Rye isn't worth the wait for a reservation.
3	One of the hipper eateries in the city, Butcher and the Rye's food was good, but in my opinion, nothing too memorable or out of this world.   I tried a lot of plates on the menu, and this was one of those instances where the appetizers were more enjoyable than the entrees.  That's not saying that the food was bad, but I was expecting a lot more.  I do have to mention that it's worth checking out for the unique interior / atmosphere alone.  I would describe it as cross between a hunting lodge and a 1920's speakeasy.  Definitely dug the vibe of this place.  The food was pretty good too. I would eat here again, but I don't think the hype and reservation wait  is worth it.  Drinks and appetizers at the bar would be more warranted.
5	Great atmosphere!  Great food!   Great drinks (ie Loin's Tail)!   Great People all wrapped in a great city!!!!!!!!!
5	Amazing! Absolutely amazing! Second time here and I like it even better! First; rhe ambience...this place is cool! I could live in here. Second; the service...our server is great, perfect product knowledge, great recommendations and very personable. Finally, the food...the burger is incredible! Fries-better than Jersey Boardwalk fries...and the drinks...the Lions Tail is delicious and rhe bar is chock full I of whisky and rye (of course). Love this place.
5	This place has a great vibe and food to go with it. And if you like bourbon you HAVE to go here as they have 400 different to choose from. Be prepared for a wait though as this place is hopping.
4	Great mussels and brussel sprouts. Nice, dim lighting. Decor a little heavy on the taxidermy, but the decorator kept to her concept and constructed a coherent atmosphere.
3	SETTING:Dimly lit, with a complete bar inside the restaurant. Pretty unique layout. Waiters bring the food up from a kitchen located downstairs? The bathrooms were also unconventional. Go check it out!FOOD:For appetizers, I shared the pig candy and Brussels sprouts with my friends. My main entree, I got the Dirty pasta (with ground duck).I couldn't help but think of one word when dining here: "salty". I'm not sure if Butcher and the Rye tends to be a bit more heavy handed with the salt, or if it was this one occurrence. But the Brussels sprouts and Dirty Pasta definitely were more than a bit salty to me. Brussels sprouts were large enough in quantity to share with a large group. My one friend described it best, "Kind of tastes like the Cool Ranch Doritos". The taste was so empowering that I honestly could not taste the Brussels sprouts at all, which is unfortunate.Pig Candy was pretty decent. A small plate for one, it was tasty, but nothing to write home about. I sometimes judge how much I like a plate by evaluating my willingness to part with it and order something else the next time I come back. Let's just say, I'd probably give another appetizer a chance.  Dirty Pasta was unique; first time I ever had "ground" duck. The noodles were thick and chewy with bits of ground duck sprinkled into the pasta. The sauce was good, but again, a bit salty, so I did not enjoy it as much as I could have. Out of what we ordered, my friends liked this dish most. SERVICE:Need to reserve in advance! This place gets booked fast especially for dinners on Friday and Saturdays. Very polite wait staff and professional.IMPRESSIONS:I wish I could say I would highly recommend this place, after hearing the hype surrounding this restaurant. Unfortunately I don't think I can at this time. I don't think my friends were that blown away either. Too much salt :( and nothing that stood out to us.
3	Dear Butcher and the Rye,Your women's bathroom is the most ridiculous bathroom I have ever seen, and offends my female dignity.  For reals.  As you know, this bathroom was obviously designed by a male, Hipster architect (no woman would ever be so bone-headed), and the issue is that the two tiny stall doors and walls are waist-high. The upshot is that every time you walk into the restroom, you get to stare directly into the desperate, trapped eyes of ladies in the two stalls at the very moment that they are relieving their bladders and/or bowels. If you get close enough (which you pretty much have to, because it's a tiny space), you can also see their hiked up skirts and all their ladybits.  Awwwwkward!!  As if all of that weren't excitement enough, the ladies' room is directly adjacent to the men's restroom. Which means you may also get the unique humiliation of having your date or your Dad as he's passing by the door witness your pride washing away with each flush of the toilet bowl.  The conversations I have had in this restroom attest to the intense discomfort:One diner: "What if I had to change a tampon?  This is awful." Another diner: "Ladies, can you please turn your backs and also block the door? I'm really uncomfortable right now."I can now confidently say that people don't want to feel like farm animals in pens when they are patrons of one of the best restaurants in town; they'd like to eat said farm animals.  This is taking the butcher concept to a not-fun extreme.   There's no point in waxing poetic about how your roast chicken was Foodgasmic, how the Witch Doctor cocktail was perfectly crafted, or how the tables under the antler chandelier are charming.  Why?  Because of your G. D. ladies' bathroom.I kindly request that you take some of your piles of profit and install regular-height bathroom doors.  The ladies of Pittsburgh and I thank you for your time,A Diner Who Really, Really Has to Pee
4	Lovely decor. The food was wonderful, especially the brussel sprouts.
5	I highly recommend the wagyu flank steak and the dirty duck pasta. The pasta itself is almost as good as the one from a great Italian restaurant. The pasta is well stretched and firm, not too soft. The steak is fantastic. Perfectly grilled and sauce is great too. We have snores for dessert. It is pretty good as usual but not as amazing as desserts in Joseph.
5	WOW!  This place was amazing!  We sat outside..a little cramped but we made it work.  What we lacked in space...they more than made up in flavor and friendly service!! It was an exceptional experience!  We were a group of 4 just hanging out in the city, we decided to order most of the small plates and share.....it was fantastic!  Each plate came out just as we finished the last one...PERFECT!!  Everything we ate was wonderful!  So much pride in preparing each dish!  We LOVED it!!!  The Brussels sprouts were the table favorite!!  They were INCREDIBLE!!!!!!Since we sat outside, I couldn't really tell you about the decor..We did dodge the crowd to make it to the bathrooms....and what an eye opener that was!!  It ridiculous!!  Obviously designed by a man.....You definitely have to check it out for yourself!   But, it will make you giggle and makes for colorful dinner conversation...whatever, I'm there for the food..which was AMAZING!!!!
5	(This review is only for the drinks.)Butcher and the Rye is going into my top 5 favorite places to drink in Pittsburgh. The bartender that we talked to definitely knew what he was doing. He's the kind of bartender that properly chills your glass and puts a lot of love into shaking up your cocktail. I got the Hazel-Rah and Thorny Devil and they were both delicious. Hazel-Rah was like taking a quick tropical vacation. My friend wanted a drink with a smokey Scotch and the bartender made something off the menu that was quite fantastic.They also had some lovely decor. Their drink shelves are impressive - backlit and brimming with exotic concoctions. They have a ladder to get to the top shelves, which gives you an idea of how many bottles they have. As some have mentioned, the women's bathroom is a bit odd. The stalls are really low, so you can see into them. I ended up having a good laugh with a stranger in the bathrooms though because we both felt so ridiculous sharing such an intimate moment. I've heard great things about the food, so making plans to go back!
5	Butcher and the Rye was probably one of the top 10 meals I've ever had. We ordered the foccacia plate, two small plates (the pig candy and the pei mussels) and two large plates (the braised rabbit pappardelle and the seared scallops). The prices weren't as expensive as we had intended, and the portions were perfect. There were a lot of mussels in the plate, so it could have been considered a large plate i think. Everything was amazing and timed perfectly, as they brought out each plate after another, rather than all at once. The beer choice was awesome (as well as the whiskey choice, though we didn't get any). Our waitress Melissa was awesome. Not only is the food great, but the atmosphere is too. We will definitely be back! I wasn't sure what to expect as my boyfriend surprised me by taking me there for our anniversary, but we both left full and very happy. Keep up the good work! I can't wait to go back!
5	Yeah, maybe this place is trendy. Yeah, maybe you're sick of the 4,000 photos of the whiskey wall on your social feeds. Yeah, maybe Butcher seems overhyped...but honestly, the place IS awesome.If there's one complaint, it would be the hostess station, where - as both casual observers and customers - we've seen some arrogance and rudeness toward patrons who perhaps walked in, unaware of how busy Butcher gets, and were curious about getting a table. Pretentious attitude from a hostess? Yeah, they might want to curb that sooner, rather than later, being the host stand is your first impression.Anyway, I digress...save yourself that hassle and make reservations. Butcher is almost always busy, and it's not always easy to post up in the bar area.As for the whiskey, Butcher has one heck of a variety on-hand. You'll pay the price if you want to go deep, but there are plenty of excellent, cost-friendly choices on the menu, as well. It's an overwhelming amount of choices, so I'd recommend downloading the Grail app, so you can peruse their whiskey list ahead of time!There are two things that make Butcher worth going, though, that I think is better than the whiskey (let's face it, unless you're looking to drop $25+ on a 1oz pour of some hard-to-find spirits, you can get a solid whiskey at most places nowadays): the food, and the service.We've NEVER had bad service at Butcher. We've had a party of two...up to a party of 50+, and the service has always been top-notch. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and a pleasure to chat with. They'll be able to steer you in the direction of a whiskey that's in your budget, and they'll be able to provide in-depth info of the food menu. Oh...and you'll never have an empty glass of water (a huge plus to me).The food is excellent, albeit indulgent. For example, the brussels sprouts are phenomenal, but I can't tell if the brussels themselves are good, or it's just the delicious filth that tops them. Frankly, I don't care, though. Delicious is delicious is delicious. The mac & cheese, shishito peppers, bread, baked camembert, bone marrow...you name it, we've tried it. All of it has been enjoyable...but indulgent, like I said. Don't stop in looking to eat a "healthy" meal. Stop in with pure American gluttony in mind. To clarify, though, the portions aren't gluttonous, but the flavor is.My favorite menu item, though, is the Butcher Burger. Ground in-house, and limited to 20 per day. Get there early and get one. It's one of the best burgers in the city, hands down. It's not loaded with a bunch of nonsense, either. The burger meat gets most of the spotlight, and it deserves a spotlight (it may actually need one to be seen in Butcher's very dark atmosphere).Enjoy!
5	I'm giving this 5 stars before even having a true full meal there. I've had snacks at the bar along with drinks and everything has been off the charts... the food, the drinks... and the bartenders are so fun to talk to! Very conversational and friendly, all while juggling making sure everyone at the bar is happy... and they seem to balance it with charm and wit. Keep up the good work, guys! And will update when I join for a full dinner sometime soon.The mac and cheese is AMAZING for the record...
5	Just went here for drinks and appetizers but had a 5 star experience. The butcher club cocktail was oh so delicious and the beer list was fantastic. We got the pork candy which was amazing - bursting with incredible flavors and also their very expensive homemade charcuterie platter. It was worth it! The meats were unique and flavorful.The menu overall looked fantastic and I would go back here for more drinks and a meal! Great experience!
5	Love this place.  The variety of American whiskey is unbelievable.  That's the number one reason why I like to go here.  Sure, you can potentially pay $80 for an ounce of Pappy 20 year, but that's going to happen everywhere.  But Butcher & the Rye has so much variety that you can get very good 1 ounce or 2 ounce pours for cheaper than most bars in town.  Maggie is my bartender every time i'm there and she is fantastic.  She knows a ton about whiskey and can make great cocktails. I think she lives there, but I'm not complaining! I highly recommend this place, especially if you want to impress a visiting family member or friend from out of town.
1	Poor and dismissive treatment by the host.  We arrived at 7 and were told that we could be seated at 9:45. We gave our name believing we had made a reservation and held off on dining elsewhere.  When we returned at 9:30 the same host who took our reservation acted as if she had never set eyes on us, said we were not in the reservation book and showed no sympathy or concern.  Unacceptable.
5	Swanky and fine place to grab a cocktail! Several floors of intimate lighting, dark corners, and a wall of whiskey to impress your favorite someone. Drinks are incredible here. So many cocktails! I saw that the rye buck, sazerac, and the manhattan were under classics (and they're my favorites!). At $10 each, they were at a nice price point, too. I was able to grab a seat at the bar, and just devour my drink and do some hardcore people watching. It's definitely a lively atmosphere with a ton of energy! Wish we could have tried the food, but I guess there's always a next time. We were there for one drink, and then we were out to explore the rest of downtown.
5	Very pleased with Butcher and the Rye! Made a reservation and you had the choice of communal seating or formal dining. When you walk in, the place seems small and tight but there are multiple sections on different levels. I felt Meat & Potatoes was very cramped but this layout was better. There are two bars, one upstairs and one down. It appears that you can eat your meal there and the bar upstairs was less crowded. We ordered three appetizers. The focaccia came out very quickly with three spreads of olive tapenade, ricotta cream and white bean spread - all were very good. We had the Shisito peppers which were ok but I prefer the eones from Soba. Lastly, since we pigged out we had the pig candy which was very good and not super fatty. For dinner we ordered the flank steak rare and it was cooked perfectly. We also ordered the dirty pasta and it was nice and rich. I did feel that the pasta was missing a little something so I took the leftovers home and added a little salt, pepper and a dash of hot sauce. I think that a squeeze of lemon may have even given it a light flavor.
5	Butcher and the Rye is still relatively new, but I can understand why it is quickly becoming a sensation. I dream of the Crispy Pig Wing. I honestly want to go and just order about 5 orders of it and eat until I cannot move. The Pig Candy is also delicious. I've enjoyed the burrata a few times, as well as the sprouts and mac and cheese. I also have to express my utter joy over the hanger steak. I would sell a kidney to have some of the brown butter sauce it is served with. B&R employees: Who wants a kidney? The service is always wonderful, even at the bar. They can be quite busy, but the hostesses always do their best to squeeze you in. The bar never disappoints, and the house beer is also a crowd pleaser. This restaurant has quickly soared to the top of my list, based just on the pig wing.
