5	Formerly King and Mane, this restaurant (run by the same folk as at Lombardino's) ditched their former Tex-Mex tapas/small plates menu and name and rebranded themselves as The Tipsy Cow with an emphasis on Wisconsin comfort food and craft beer.  The interior has been updated a bit too, and it's hard to miss the Holstein-esque paint job at the front door on the corner.Their menu is an 8.5 by 11 page with food on one side and drinks on the other.As I mentioned, the food portion is Wisconsin comfort food.  Appetizers/Sides consist of things like cheese curds, cheese sticks, pretzels, Spotted Cow battered onion rings, all sorts of fries (blue cheese & bacon, truffle, chili cheese, and beer battered).  They have a couple options of soup and salad, and the entrees are all sandwiches of some kind, like burgers, sausages, turkey, grilled cheese, chicken, BLT, with the exception of a Friday fish fry.There's also a few dessert choices.The Tipsy Cow's menu puts some emphasis on local and Wisconsin-based ingredients, which I always consider a good thing.  Regardless of where I'm eating, the more local and fresh you can get the ingredients, the better.The flip side of the menu is devoted to drinks, with craft/micro brews taking center stage.  Lots of locals like Ale Asylum, Lake Louie, New Glarus, Furthermore, Potosi and Oskar Blues, but also a decent selection of other U.S. beers.  There's also macros, imports, mixed drinks and wine.  They seem to have daily tap specials on the beer.Stopped by around 2pm on a Thursday.  Not very busy at all, so I grabbed a table overlooking King St.  Looked like a decent selection of 6-8 taps, and Lake Louie's Warped Speed was on special for $3.50 a pint.  Wish I could have taken advantage of it.  Since it was kind of dead, service wasn't an issue at all.I ordered a water, the Kielbasa sandwich, and a small order of the beer battered french fries.  The Kielbasa was Usinger's on a Clasen's sausage roll, with a whole grain mustard and bavarian sauerkraut.  Great synergy between the different flavors and textures, and the roll was a perfect match for the fillings.  As someone who cooks similarly on a regular basis, it was nice to find an alternative if I don't feel like cooking =)The beer-battered fries' batter was very good as well, and the fries were cooked right on target.  I should have asked if they were using a Spotted Cow batter like they do for their onion rings.Portions were good too, I still had a bit left on my plate.  Not bad for a $10 meal.  The typical American-sized potions are way too big for me, so this was a nice change from meals where I sometimes leave more than half of it for a to-go box.With the popularity of the Old Fashioned nearby, I can see this place taking a similar route, as they share many of the same qualities.  We'll see if the service can keep up when it gets busy, but as this is a rebranding and not an entirely new restaurant I would assume that all the staff would need to do would be to adjust to the new menu.5 stars for quality flavor of food, beer selection, price, and service.  Your mileage may vary on the service aspect though, as it wasn't busy at all when I was there.
2	Went here a couple weeks ago and really enjoyed it. We had a good lunch at a reasonable price. The beer selection is olid (gotta love gumball head) and the truffle fries/tipsy burger combo is bomb. Unfortunately my second outing was bad. My friend wanted to grab a quick burger and my girlfriend and I figured we would join him for a beer. We got in there from the 90 degree heat outside only to realize it was almost a hundred degrees inside! You are new and its the beginning of summer! Get the a/c workin! We were promptly sat by the hostess and looked over the menu for 5 to 10 mins until we found what we wanted. 5 more mins passed and we watched the same three servers walk by our table maybe six times without looking at us. This is a like 10x10ft room with four tables. It wasn't busy. We decided to wait 5 more mins. The guy server looked at us and smiled, giving us hope. He then continued to pull out his phone and text in the corner. Bye bye. We left and opted for the great dane. Tipsy cow, get your act together. You could be successful with your good food and beer, but aweful service will put you under in this competative town.
4	I was very skeptical about eating at The Tipsy Cow.  I wasn't a fan of King and Main and thought many of their servers were strange.  But since they had immediate seating on a recent Saturday afternoon my husband and I decided to give the re-branded restaurant a try.   My husband had a grilled chicken sandwich that he couldn't stop telling me how good it was.  I had a turkey club which was excellent and we shared a basket of truffle fries. All the ingredients were very good quality.  The bread was very fresh, the fries hot and the service was perfect.  Quite a pleasant surprise, only wish they didn't have such a dumb name.
1	I ordered a cheeseburger and fries.  The order came quickly, but the cheeseburger was greasy (so much so, the bun was soggy from all the grease) and the fries were cold.  Maybe other items on the menu are better, but thought this would be a good standard to try.
3	I played trivia here on a Monday night. They were packed, so much so that we had to grab chairs from outside for everyone to sit around the small table we snagged. As busy as the place was, I was quite impressed with the service; our water was always full and drinks kept getting refilled. This was good because it was sweltering inside. I don't know if it was too many people or a problem with the AC, but it was hot. The fries were good and the cheese curds looked good. Ill have to come back and get some real food.
2	Okay concept, poorly executed.Visited on a Thursday night around 8 p.m. My biggest grief with this place is that they served me a warm beer. A warm beer! When I called the waitress out on it, she said, "Well I don't know how that could have happened." She was nice enough to replace it at no cost but seriously. The table next to us was full of tourists who all ordered Spotted Cows and the waitress said they were out. Really? You're a pub in downtown Madison called the Tipsy Cow and you're out of Madison's favorite beer? My fiance liked his burger, I ordered a BLT which I figured would be hard to mess up. It wasn't spectacular. We also ordered the truffle fries, which were good, but it doesn't take a genius to serve French fries covered in truffle oil with a side of garlic aoli. Of course it's going to be good.I expected a lot more out of the place and was disappointed. It will be awhile before we give it another try.
4	I had lunch here with my husband.  I'm a big fan on the re-branding.  Unlike another yelper, I LOVE the name.  But more importantly, great burger!  I got their simple cheeseburger - you can choose 1x1 up to 4x4, meaning the number of 1/4 lb patties and slices of cheese. I got 1x1 and especially loved the cheese - a nice aged cheddar.  Husband got the day's special - guac, bacon, pepper jack and jalapenos, and he loved his too.  We also split a basket of beer battered fries because they were half off.  Normally they'd be $8 which is a lot for fries, but they are a huge portion - so $4 for that many fries seemed like a fine deal.  They were a great texture, perfectly cooked. Next time I'll try the truffle/garcli aioli fries though.  And lastly, great service! Plenty of water refills, timely service and just the right amount of attention.  And with fans and high ceilings, the climate was comfortable - so apparently they fixed whatever temperature problems was happening earlier in the summer.
5	Best burger in Madison, hands down.  The appetizers are great and the beer selection is as well.  The only issue is the place is so busy since switching over to Tipsy Cow its hard to get a spot outside.
4	The path from the Local Tavern to King and Mane to now the Tipsy Cow has been worth the wait.Matthew, Sue, Michael, Patrick, Carl etc. and the rest are working hard to make this place great. Kudos to all the "Tipsy Cow Crew". Great service,cold beer, well-made cocktails, well-prepared, tastefully executed dishes in a busy environment while recognizing regulars and new patrons is nothing short of amazing in this new concept.I will enjoy enjoy watching the success that is meant for this place that will always be my "Local Tavern".Thank you for all the work you do to make this local tavern named the Tipsy Cow a success at  King and Main!
4	We sat out on the patio on a great summer day.   The beer selection is very good with many microbrews that are local and delicious.   I had the signature Tipsy Cow burger, and it was cooked perfectly and was one of the best burgers in Madison that I have tried.  The toppings were fresh and the service was prompt and friendly.  The truffle fries were decent but not extremely special.  I would definitely recommend The Tipsy Cow.
5	Stopped here because it looked inviting with outside tables even tho we ate inside. Glacamole, bacon burger was great along with the generous serving of truffle fries and fried cheese curds. The sides were half orders. Service was excellent. A little on the noisy side even late Sat. afternoon when it wasnt real busy  Would definitely return.
4	The Tipsy Burger is awesome. I never eat chili fries, except here. And the beer menu is excellent. I regard Tipsy Cow as an upscale tavern. One downside: the air conditioner can't keep up when it's crowded.
2	Fish fry was not good. With such a thick beer batter (which I generally enjoy), you better not overcook the fish. Unfortunately, the fish was left in the fryer too long. This, combined with the fact that the fish itself was below average, resulted in a pretty disappointing meal. Luckily, the fish fry was only $9 (at lunch) which is very reasonable for a good size portion. I had high hopes for this place. Next time, I'll have to try the burger.
4	Fries: some of the best I have ever, ever come across. Burger: juicy and delicious, a little greasy but in kind of a good way.But two gripes - the cheese curds were great but there was a super small portion for the $7 price tag.Second gripe was the "house salad". Comes with a "buttermilk raspberry viniagrette".The dressing was way too tangy for me but whaddyagonnado; and it didn't have "stuff" in it, it was just lettuce. But I can't wait to go back and try the other sandwiches, they looked amazing.UPDATE - 1/4/12 - since then, I have had the warm mushroom and goat cheese salad which was fabulous, and today I had the most amazing hot ham n cheese ever. The bread was generously buttered and toasted so it was a delicious, crisp, buttery delight, with extremely flavorful aged cheddar cheese, melted in with the very thinly sliced ham - SO GOOD. Paired with a cup of their amazing chili (I consider mine award-winning, but theirs is equally as good, with a completely different flavor) made for an awesome lunch. One suggestion would be to have a cup of chili and half sandwich option - It would make the lunch less pricy and would then be the perfect amount of food for lunch. I mean, I ate all mine, but I certianly didn't NEED all that food. :)Simply lovely.
1	Went to this place with my three kids only because Yelp rated it good for kids.  Wrong!  This is a bar first and they do not even have a kids menu.  We did not realize there was not a kids menu until after waiting 20 minutes for our table.  At that point we decided to stick it out and split a chicken fritters appetizer with the kids.  Then the lady who brought the water dumped her tray on me and my son.  She said she was sorry, but the waitress and the manager treated us like it was our fault.  Pretty sure they thought one of our kids knocked something over.  I don't even think the manager believed us when we said did not make the mess.  My shirt and pants were completely soaked and I had to walk around the farmers market in the cold and wind with wet clothes.  Not fun!  Do not go here with your children!
5	The cheeseburger I had was juicy and delicious and made from quality ingredients. The cheddar was aged and sooooo good! Homemade pickles. Cheap too - $5, and a side of crispy fries was a buck extra. Service was fast during the busy Saturday night and the staff was really friendly. Great drink specials. Their menu mainly consists of bar food and Wisconsin comfort food, which is fine in my book. Will definitely be coming back.
4	Monty Python chalk drawings won me over right away!  The beer was great and the sever seemed to be knowledgable in the different beverages available.  We ordered the curds since we heard they were delicious, and they were impressive.  Maybe not the best in Madison but in the top 5.  The burger was delightfully greasy and the fries were yummy as well.  Definitely a fun place to hang out!
4	Went back a second time...much better.  I also went back when it wasn't so busy (Saturday ~11:30).  I got the Grilled Chicken Sandwich.  It was cooked just right and the Zucchini Chips were really good (nice breading and crispy - tasty dipping sauce).
4	Not the best fish fry, but great burgers!
5	You can't go wrong at the Tipsy.  Feel their burgers are among the best in Madison (always something good on their weekly specials).  You won't get the tourist crowd like the restaurant down on the square from them (a welcome relief) and their beer selection is solid!
5	Very tasty.  Had the St. Germain & gin specialty cocktail--delicious and refreshing.  Truffle fries we shared - very tasty.  My friend commented that they are big on aioli here--true.  I had the creamy tomato soup and was delighted with the promised "smoky and spicy" flavors, along with the squeaky cheese curds garnishing the soup.  My grilled tilapia sandwich was generously portioned and cooked nicely, and the roll it was served on was pleasantly soft and chewy (Clasen's bread I believe?).  The service was prompt, attentive, and friendly.  The prices were right.  I'll definitely be back!
5	Stopped here for drinks one night!!! Great little place with an excellent drink menu and atmosphere.  We didn't have any food (probably should have)  but what we saw looked really great!  I will be goin back to try the food!!
2	Not impressed.  Service was slow. Food was boring bar food.  Decent beer selection.
3	It was nice & good, but I wasn't blown away. Everyone liked what they ordered. The cheeseburger was very good. I'd go back, but it wouldn't be on the top of my list.
5	In my opinion, some of the best burgers in town. They have a burger with bacon and avocado that I dream about. Also, their truffle fries are very popular and crave worthy for many Madisonians.  The beer selection is on point and the service is attentive but not over bearing. Overall, I prefer this to the old fashioned for burgers and beer. Especially on a Tuesday (2X2 if you know what I mean)
5	Had a very tasty lunch here.  Top notch pork sandwich on delicious high quality bread with crispy bacon.  Enjoyed a very good order of cheese curds for an appetizer.  Companion had a chicken salad with avocados which was reported to be good.  Would definetly return.
5	Something different!  The menu is not large but is creative.  Many of the items are fresh and in season, with a focus on traditional items made with local, artisan products. This means GOOD Wisconsin cheese, tasty Wisco meats and fresh local veggies.  I have had the truffle fries, the grilled cheese, the cheeseburger and a special sandwich that had a kimchi-esque veggie topping.  The servers is decent, casual and not pushy.  The space is cute, open with lots of windows. Great location right on the square. The bar area is large and welcoming.  I love to visit this place when back in Madison.
2	Our experience with The Tipsy Cow would have been better had my wife and I not felt ill (nauseous) after our meal here. The service was slow; our food took seemingly forever to appear. Our appetizers and salad arrived with our entrees and my drink was forgotten.  Our server did eventually remember the ice tea and brought it out gratis.Once the food did arrive, it was very tasty. The basket of onion rings we split were awesome and better than any we'd had before.  My wife ordered the grilled cheese with Nueske's bacon and 3yr cheddar. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich with bacon and 3yr cheddar as well. Both were excellent. The salad with mixed greens was fairly dull and drowned in dressing. No tomatoes or other garnishes were added.I would not return. Between the slow (though cheery) service, the after-effects of the meal, and the availability of better pub food closer to our home, this is one to move on from.
4	Another very good Madison pub. Typical Wisconsin bar food (burgers, salads, sandwiches, beer cheese soup, cheese curds, etc.). Friendly service and a nice selection of both draft and bottled beers, most local. I particularly liked the chli. Remarkably inexpensive considering it's only a block from the capitol building. $40 for dinner for 3 including beer and appetizers. More casual and felt less crowded than the Old Fashioned although it was equally busy.
4	$3 PBR fish tacos were delicious!   Nice twist on the usual fish tacos because the fish is actually beer battered fried fish.  We also ordered a side of onion rings and fries, both were good but put us over the top for grease.  Next time, I'd order a couple of fish tacos, and maybe a salad instead.  Service was good but also a little a slow considering there were only two other tables of customers at the time.
3	Average Wisconsin bar food.  If you're looking for a good micro-brew selection and greasy eats, it's a good bet.  The hour wait was not quite worth it, but I'd go back...
4	Great place and atmosphere. Fries were awesome, wish the chicken sandwich was better and bigger.
5	A+ on all levels.
5	What an awesome spot on the square!  We visited tonight and will definitely be going back soon.  We had the blue cheese and bacon fries as an appetizer...insane...the bacon was perfectly crispy and the fries were super crisp.I had the guacamole burger which was the perfect blend of grilled burger, avocado, and zesty spice with pepper jack cheese on a grilled bun.  My husband had the kielbasa with zingy kraut and mustard...also amazing.  Great selection of tap and bottled beer...reasonably priced...one of our new favorite spots!!!
5	I went here for lunch with my dad and we each ordered a cup of the tomato soup, which was to die for.  It had a little bit of sweetness and smokiness to it and was topped with fresh cheese curds.  We split the 1 x1 made into a tipsy burger.  The cheese on was delicious and the homemade pickles were crisp and sweet, also very good.  We also each ordered a fish taco (thursday special).  It came with hefty piece of fried fish with a chipotle sauce, slaw and pico de gallo.  I will definitely go back for all of it.  The only problem is you leave smelling of grease.
4	I came here for lunch and didn't have high expectations because it just seemed like a typical bar restaurant.But, the grilled cheese with bacon was AMAZING.  OMG, it was perfectly tangy, generous cheddar cheese, and they slabbed some creamy sauce on it that melted into the perfect consistency- melty, gooey, and delicious on a crispy thick multigrain bread.We also got their fried cheese curds which were good too, they tasted like little pieces of fried mozzarella sticks but more chewier and fresh.  I wish I could come back to eat the grilled cheese...for dinner, lunch, breakfast, again and again!
5	One of the great places in Madison where one can try locally grown food. Their chicken, either it's in the salad or chicken tenders, is the best I have ever had in USA. The fries are the best in Madison. I think they fry them differently, but I might be wrong. Their pickles tastes like something my Russian grandma would make. For those who did not like them, this is how real pickles with dill should taste like. Would go again and again and again!
4	Fun place! And good, cheap menu.
3	I wish I could review the food at this place but my two attempts to eat here over one weekend failed miserably.First time: about 10:30 pm on a Friday night. No hostess to be found so we wandered around until a server stopped to give us a dirty look and ask if we needed something. She took no small pleasure in telling us they only served drinks after 10 pm.Rude! Went to Brocach down the street and had excellent beer and snacks.Second time: about 6 pm on a Sunday. Closed. Went back to Old Fashioned for cheesy treats.Menu looked very good, so I'm disappointed I didn't get to try it...oh well, though.
4	Came here late night and they had $6 drafts of Apocalypse Cow. Awesome.
4	Came for an early evening appetizer and a drink with friends.  Easily accommodated a party of 10 in the outside patio area.  Great server.  Fun atmosphere.  Great location actually.
4	Oh Tipsy Cow.  I love you.I have eaten here several times and I have never been disappointed.  It is a comfortable restaurant with decently priced food.  They have simple burgers and more dressed up burgers.  I have been a fan of their beer-battered fries and cheese curds for quite some time.  Then, my world changed.  I tried their truffle fries.  Yes, you just read that.  TRUFFLE tries.  Wow.  $8 you say?  Well worth it.  Share with a friend.  You get what you pay for and that is amazingness.  They have great service.  I went to their booth at the Taste of Madison and the line moved fast.  They were so friendly even though they were slammed.  They are always friendly.  Oh Tipsy Cow, I love you.My only Tipsy complaint?  I hate sharp cheddar and that is their standard cheese.  I know there are a few others but I am not a big fan of their cheese assortment.  Please add mild cheddar for people out there like me.
4	I've eaten here a few times now and never been disappointed. It's hard for me to stay away from burgers, and the "Tipsy Burger" was fantastic, as are their cheese curds.They have good nightly drink specials, especially for Fridays ($2.50 shots of Jameson and $3 Ale Asylum pints? Come on!)The ambiance is good, the wait staff is above average, and the layout of the bar/restaurant is fun. Overall, I definitely recommend it.
5	Great!I have sat down to eat at Tipsy Cow multiple times now. Always very pleased with the food and service.I have ordered everything from their original Tipsy burger to fish tacos. The food is always presented ina fashionable manner. They make everything look good enough to eat!All I can say is truffle fries!!!!!! In the mood for cheese curds, well i have found the place for you to get them!!!!!The cheese selection for their burgers was untouchable by other food joints around the capital. Tipsy cow is great! Enough said.
3	This really should get a higher rating because the food here is really good and beer is always fresh, cold and good but the bartenders are atrocious! I have never had  such bad service from a bartender in my life. Come here for the good food and better beer but be ready to be treated with indifference and inattentiveness.
1	My BF and I stopped for a drink this evening on our way to another restaurant for dinner.  The bartender could not have been more indifferent.  We won't be going back to eat there no matter how many good food reviews I read.
3	I've been a few times now, and I feel like it's time to review.Good things first:1) Great beer list 2) Weeknight specials are steals 3) Bacon blue cheese fries4) Pretty solid commitment to using local productsThe not so good:1) Most tap beers are $62) Service ranges from frantic, overbearing, adderall'd frat boy to absent.  (read: I've never had good service here)3) It gets LOUDFor the most part, Tipsy Cow does an OK job but the service needs some improvement.  All the taps are usually great selections, but $6 is kiiiiiiiiind of ridiculous.  They have a tap of the day (or week or month or something) that's usually $3.50, but it tends to be the least desirable on the list.  The food is nothing to rave about, but it's a step above similar places.  I'll definitely be back - I'm a sucker for 1/2 price wings and fries - but Tipsy Cow still needs a lil' tweaking.
2	I had the Famous Onion Rings.  It is like eating a doughnut with a sliver of onion in it.  Not for me, maybe others, but not me.  Nothing really wows here, basically still the Local Tavern.
2	I am giving The Tipsy Cow two stars more for the substandard service, than the taste of the food.  When we arrived our unsmiling waitress brought us glasses of room temperature water, no ice.  I asked if I could get some ice and her response was "it will be a few minutes the ice bin is empty.  That is why I brought it without." I am not a mind reader, so maybe she could have mentioned it?  Seriously, a bar with an empty ice bin?  Even more frustrating, I never received any ice (barely got a water refill) the entire time we were there, although I saw a Bloody Mary with ice, ice tea with ice and a Shirley Temple with ice.  The woman next to us asked three separate servers for a spoon to stir her coffee.  She never received it until her food arrived.  One of my dining companions was brought a coffee refill with the comment "I poured this for someone outside, but they left."   It was all just a bit off.Now the food.  I had the Cobb Salad and no complaints there.  All ingredients were fresh and chopped nicely.  The avocado was really tasty and perfectly ripe.  My companions both said their food was OK...one had the egg and asparagus open faced sandwich with havarti cheese and the other had a Mediterranean Sandwich.    Probably won't return, too many better places to eat at with better service.
3	I'm torn on this one- the food was good, but the atmosphere/clientele/service, not so much. i'll say four stars for the food, two for the everything else.three of us had dinner here last night. we put our names in for a table, were told the wait would be 30 minutes (not bad for a saturday), and were seated shortly at a table near the bar... right on top of not one, but two groups of completely wasted, obnoxious kids. hooray, maybe we'll get puked on!so on top of the place being uncomfortably packed, it was hot and loud as hell. LOUD, like my throat hurts today from having to scream over the (mostly) shitty music they were blaring in order to have a conversation loud. this annoys me to no end. does anyone honestly enjoy that? is there a logical reason why establishments do this? ugh. I digress.our waitress came immediately, which is cool, but she was pushy. she acted annoyed that we'd had a whole 5 seconds to peruse the menu and didn't know what we wanted to order. she gave us a minute and when she came back, we ordered our beers, sour cream fries and chili cheese fries. these came out quickly, but they were literally shoved onto our table by our rude ass waitress. (both kinds of fries were delicious, however.) i ordered a tipsy burger for my meal, the bf had a 2x2, and our friend had the portabella sandwich. we were all happy with our food. my burger was a tad on the greasy side, but that didn't stop me from being a fatty and eating the whole thing. overall, I wish that I could take the atmosphere/clientele/service from the local tavern and the food from the tipsy cow and bring the local tavern back from the dead. the food was decent, but I don't see myself hanging out here very often.
2	This past week I went to Tipsy Cow with a couple girlfriends and had quite the lackluster experience.  I've been there before and it was always fine but never amazing.  When we walked in the hostess was sitting at a table having a drink (prob just a pop) with another girl so she had to get up to seat us.  Our server Nikki wasn't the friendliest but she may have been having a bad night; I was a server and bartender for 6 years, I'm a pretty understanding customer.  My friend ordered the buffalo chicken, she eats spicy food and usually isn't bothered but when it came it was way too hot.  She couldn't eat more then a bite.  Nikki returned later in our meal and my friend started to explain that the sandwich was just too hot.  Our server asked if she'd like something else but being so late in the meal we'd all shared some of ours with her and she was full.  When she told our server that she was full Nikki responded with something like "see I know how hot buffalo can be so I don't order it" and left.  She then brought us our bills (it was nice of her to separate them for us, I know that can be a hassle).  My friend thought that our cards had been run (which they hadn't) and was annoyed by the service and asked Nikki to bring us some pens... her response "What, did I do something else wrong" My friend then explained to her that she was not mad at her and she didn't do anything wrong.  She asked how her food was and my friend told her honestly.  Nikki was rude and defensive.  It was completely unprofessional.  I'm really surprised that she would treat someone like that.  I will not be returning and do hope that the management takes her nasty service into consideration
2	Bartender on verge of being rude.  Very crowded.  Good beer selection and cozy environment but am not dying to go back.
4	A pretty good selection of beer, and I really like the atmosphere of this place. Clean, simple, and comfortable. I'm a huge fan of the outdoor patio on summer nights. The Tipsy Cow seems to specialize in classic American food; burgers, fries, beer and the like. It's not too bad for a drink on the weekend, but isn't worth your time if you can't get a table. Above all else, come here for a burger. The thing that truly makes the Tipsy Burger stand out is the use of a Wisconsin 3-year cheddar in place of a standard slice of cheese. The sharpness is unmistakable. Coupled with a pretty excellent hunk of soft and juicy kobe-esque ground beef, this makes for one of the better and more memorable burgers that I have ever had. The special sauce certainly isn't bad either.
5	Order the cheese curds and a tipsy burger. It's a small place that gets crowded on the weekends but it's worth the wait!
2	The Tipsy Cow was my first downtown dining experience when I moved to Madison. I was looking forward to fun local meal. I must say that it was a bit of a let down.The Cheese Curds were amazing, and I would definitely recommend them. However, my meal, a lime chicken sandwich was not very good at all. I'm willing to try it again, because it is a fun place - I'd definitely just want to try something different on the menu.On a side note, I had an amazing waitress! Her name was Jill and she was the most delightful person I've met in a long time. She worked very hard to help my Mom pick out a local beer that she would like, and was overall super friendly and attentive. If you go there, definitely sit in her section!
2	I can only review the drinks because we had to leave. The drinks were good, although the bartenders acted like they were doing you a favor by paying attention to you. We had to leave because it was so LOUD and CROWDED and CLAUSTROPHOBIC. Bar patrons were so packed in that they were literally rubbing their asses on the edge of our table and these two hags acted like there was a competition to see who could scream and cackle the loudest. I'm no "fuddy-duddy" either! I remember my first beer...
4	After sifting through all of the yelp reviews, my partner and I were a little hesitant to try The Tipsy Cow. While the food seemed to be received well, there were quite a few poor service reviews that almost put us off. We walked in at about 8 PM on a Saturday night, ready for the worst. While it was quite loud and packed, we were expecting that for a Saturday night. Miraculously, the hostess said the wait was only 25 minutes and our table opened up within 15 minutes of putting our name on the list. We had no problem getting the bartender's attention to get a beer while we waited. The service continued to be spot on as we moved to our table. Our waitress was patient and friendly, even when I had to ask her to repeat herself 3 times because the place was so loud. We went all out with cheese curds, beer battered french fries, mike's pickles, and the Tipsy Burger. We were blown away! Everything was far better than even our highest expectations. The cheese curds were on par with The Old Fashioned's, widely believed to be the best in town. The french fries had a deliciously crispy exterior while maintaining the fluffy potato-y interior. I honestly thought that the "beer battered" part wouldn't make a difference but those are some of the best fries ever I've had. The pickles were fresh, crispy, and sweet, a perfect complement to all of the greasy food we were hoovering up.Now for the Tipsy Burger. My god, that thing was greasy, messy, and everything I could ever want in a burger. You could tell from the first bite that the quality of the beef itself was a step up from most burgers I've had in Madison. The bacon was thick and cooked to the right level of crispiness. The cheese was smooth, melty, and in abundance. Finally, the special sauce added a creamy, zesty flair that really pulled the whole burger together. We also chose to throw on some of our pickles from our appetizer and, wow! The burger as a whole was even tastier than the summation of its parts. I can't wait to dig into my leftovers today!I would highly recommend The Tipsy Cow to any burger, cheese curd, or french fry enthusiast in Madison. I think it rates up there with the other Madison burger champs such as The Old Fashioned, Cooper's Tavern, Dotty Dumplings, and Brasserie V.
5	OMG!  This place is awesome!  Mike's pickles and the fried cheese curds are fabulous!  The Tipsy Burger is, without a doubt, the best burger I've ever had.  Truffle fries are to die for!  Even the grilled cheese was spectacular.  My only problem was I couldn't eat enough to satisfy my curiosity.  Would love to try the Spicy Slaw Dog.  A nearby table ordered one, it looked very appetizing, I was stuffed.Our server, Laura, was very friendly and attentive.  The restaurant was very clean and inviting.  Everything arrived just as quickly as you would expect.No complaints!  Next time we're in Madison, The Tipsy Cow will definitely be on our list.
3	After my previous visit at Tipsy Cow some time ago the owner Michael was kind enough to reach out with his apologies for my poor experience and offered me a $30 gift certificate.  I accepted and shared my thoughts with him regarding the experience, etc. I had the gift certificate in my possession shortly after.  I didn't however have a place to venture back until this past week; interesting considering I live 2 blocks away.  We were seated immediately although it was a busy time of day.  My friend and I each had 2 beers and split the zucchini coins with Tipsy sauce.  I had the reuben and she had the buffalo chicken sandwich.  I'd like to add that this is a different friend then the original experience and she has a higher tolerance for spice.  As usual the food was fine.  It met the need of greasy food and a beer to wash it down.  Our server was much better but moderate energy.  The service, etc certainly redeemed itself in comparison to last time  but I am still on the fence regarding any sort of regular patronage.  I do greatly appreciate being reached out to and being made to feel like my experience is important and valued.  Thank you Michael
2	I want to like Tipsy Cow more.  The location is great.  The few times I've been in, the crowd seems fun and the taplist is usuall solid.  But... well, this past Saturday afternoon, I stop in and ask the barkeep for a beer that's on the chalkboard tap list. The following conversation ensued... barkeep: "Oh, we're out of that." OK, I order a different beer. barkeep: "Oh, that's gone, too." So... what else is out of date on the tap list? barkeep: "Oh, everything else is up to date." OK, and what do you have on tap that isn't on the list? barkeep: *blank stare*... OK, I don't see Three Floyd's on the chalkboard, but there's a three floyd's tap. what 3F are you serving? barkeep: "Uh it's an IPA"  ... I wait, since 3F has a bunch of different IPA/IIPA/DIPAs...barkeep:  "IPA means India Pale Ale"Thanks for mansplaining IPA to me in a completely non-helpful way. (If I didn't know what an IPA was, why would india pale ale help? come on.) And thanks for refusing to check the keg when I asked.  I usually try to visit a place a few times, and try to not let a single experience sour me, but it was a Saturday afternoon with very few customers. The bartender should know what beers are available, and telling me he didn't need to check the keg because it's an IPA is not helpful.  Having an out of date tap list is worse than not having a list at all, and the combination of the two was very frustrating.  I won't be going back to Tipsy Cow for a while, but hopefully they can work on improving the mediocre service.
3	I've been to Tipsy Cow a few times, but it had been a while since I've been there last.  So this weekend when it was suggested for some post-brunch drinks, I said, "why not?"  Their beer list is fairly extensive and varied.  I like that it is Wisconsin beer driven.  What could go wrong?  The bartender.  I don't know if the guy was new or just clueless, but I do know that he was awful and mopey.  His tap list, which is written on a chalk board, was grossly out of date.  He stated two beers were no longer available.  Upon inspection over half of the board was wrong.  He also poured what seemed to be 1/2 a keg down the drain while trying to pour my pint.  Adding to my ire, after my friend asked a legitimate question about a beer he proceeded to mansplain to her what an IPA was.  Not cool bartender, not cool.So why do I give Tipsy 3 stars?  Well, after his shift ended the new bartender was much much better.  He explained that they were switching from winter to spring menu so that is why some things were out of date.  Noticed that the tap list was wrong, but knew exactly what he had in stock.  He was much more lighthearted and knew how to pour a beer.  Needless to say we stuck around for one more drink instead of slinking out as we were again having fun.  This experience just goes to show that good hires can make or break a place.  I will be giving this place another chance, just not with bartender #1.
4	Been here several times now, food and service always great, and the selection of beers always interesting. A short walk from the Madison Concourse Hotel and a visit. Try the chili, i has a nice kick.
4	We came here because my husband saw a review on a burger blog about their burger. We were visiting friends in Madison and came for lunch.It was definitely not too crowded on a Friday afternoon which was nice. We were able to hang out and catch up without feeling rushed. I can't speak to weekends or dinner time.We both ordered the tipsy burger. It was juicy, cooked as asked (medium) and also HUGE. It was a double and I'm not used to eating that much so it was definitely filling. But we got it cuz that's what the burger blog said was great and it wasn't lying! It came with a side of our choice so we naturally got the fried cheese curds. The curds were perfectly fried with not too much batter and thus preserving the squeakiness of the cheese. Yum. The curds did not disappoint. I have to say they were the highlight but the burger was also really good.There was a good selection of beers on tap. The servers were friendly and the place was chill. A great lunch spot with super yummy cheese curds and good burgers!
5	I am a frequent visitor during lunch time on the weekends. Sometimes after work for a beer and burger. TP has an excellent selection of local and national craft beer. Bartenders have always been knowledgeable and willing to provide samples of beer. The food is exceptional. From burgers, sandwiches, to salads, the food is consistently above average. Tipsy Cow is one of my "go to" places to eat on the weekend afternoon after a nice bike ride. Great location off the square.
5	Expect to wait if you go during a busy time. Their outdoor seating practically doubles their available tables, so try to go on a nicer day and you'll probably increase your chances of getting a table quicker. Then again, it'd probably be busier as well, so good luck!That said, wait for a table. This is one of those restaurants where if the host says it will be a 45 minute wait you should gladly do so!Tip: Sandwiches come a la carte. Sides can be ordered (such as their delicious Ale Asylum cheese curds or their sour cream and chive fries) in a 'family size' or individual. Smart money is on the family size for about $2-3 more to get a bigger portion and share with the table.Everyone I was with absolutely loved their sandwiches. Fresh ingredients, amazing seasoning on everything, delicious appetizers, and best of all this place has drink specials on the weekend if you're going for a later dinner. Will definitely return!
4	We stopped in here for an hour while waiting for our table to open up at Old Fashioned up the street.  I'd have liked another day to come back to eat here too, because the food I saw being served to the bar patrons looked pretty good.  There was a good selection of beers on tap, and my only negative was that I'd have liked their beer selection to be more Wisconsin centric.  That being said, the regular customers are locals, and having some out of state brews is a good idea.  It's definitely the sort of place I like to find myself, and would go back in a heartbeat if I find myself back in Madison.
5	I took the better half for lunch and really enjoyed it.  I started off with the three bean beef chili which was incredible. A very hearty soup full of meat. For my meal I had the turkey sandwich. It was absolutely delicious. The sandwich comes with freshly roasted turkey, nueske's bacon, and a spicy mustard sauce. The girlfriend had a slightly different turkey sandwich with soft cheese on it. This place is a must try for lunch.
5	Great atmosphere. Had the sour cream and onion fries that the bartender recommended and they were great! Also had an order of the onion rings which were beer battered and thick. Also very good. Would definitely go back for dinner.sometime soon.
4	6/26/13 Stopped at the Tipsy Cow.  They always have a great tap beer selection.  It was 2 for 1 burgers.  I don't typically eat 2 burgers, but they were that good!  If you want fries you'll have to add them.  I enjoyed a nitro pour of the Left Hand Milk Stout.
3	This is an update to my original review.  First of all I was very impressed when the owner, Michael Banas, offered me a $20 gift certificate to come back since in the first review I complained about our service.  I was finally able to get back there yesterday and things have improved.  This time around I had the Griddled Turkey and Havarti on sour dough and my dining companion had the Tipsy Chicken - crispy.  Both sandwiches were excellent, mine had a huge stack of turkey and the bread was excellent and grilled nicely.  The Tipsy Chicken also received rave reviews, no skimping on the chicken patty and sandwich was like it just came out of the pan.  Sandwiches are ala carte, so we ordered a large order of beer battered fries on the recommendation of our server.  She said the large would be better for sharing.  Unfortunately, neither of us cared for the fries, so the small would have been a better choice.  Our main complaint is they were cold when they arrived.  Service was definitely better than our first visit, our waitress checked back with us, refilled water and was for the most part attentive.  However, after we were finished and she cleared our table it was at least 10 minutes until she returned with the bill.  Even with this small glitch, she was head and shoulders above the server from my first visit.  My one other small complaint is the lack of ice in the water...it is just my preference, and there was plenty of ice in the soda, so I am not sure why there isn't more in the water.  But again, that is just my personal preference.  Thanks, Michael, for buying me lunch and keeping your word of making some service changes.  Griddled Turkey and Havarti is a solid choice if you are looking for a yummy sandwich.
4	Delicious sweet-meets-sour old fashioned. Don Draper would be proud.Also snagged the Friday night deal on $3 Hoppalicious. Any place where the Ale Asylum is flowing freely is the place for me.
5	Great Food Great Beer Great Service :)
5	I have never gone to Tipsy and been disappointed, let me just say that. Highlights are as follows:*Pickles. They come with your basket (BASKET BONUS) or you can get them as an appetizer. If you get them as an app, make sure you have a decent size group with you. Or make sure you really like pickles. If you really like pickles, you'll really really like their pickles. Paragraph on pickles complete.*Truffle fries. Melt in your goddamn mouth.*Green goddess dressing. I'd bathe in it if it weren't so humid right now.*Specials. They circulate through some pretty creative, limited-time items on a fairly regular basis and I usually order off that menu. The last couple of munchies I tried on special were Goat Cheese Curds and a Caprese Sandwich. Both were way good and I actually think those Goat Cheese Curds were better than their regular ones. Make 'em permanent, make me happy.
3	stopped by in madison on my way back to chicago from baraboo. 1st time went to tipsy cow. I ordered buffalo chicken burger, it was okay, nothing so special. the price is pretty reasonable. i gave 3 stars because the serving was pretty slow, we had to ask for water everytime, i think they were under-staff. That was pretty annoying for me.
3	Bar food al frescoReturning home from vacation to an empty refrigerator, we decided to journey downtown to enjoy the some al fresco dining.  After finding several kid-friendly options on the menu, the Tipsy Cow became our dining destination.  Things I liked:* Gotta start with those cheese curds.  They came out piping hot, lightly breaded and not overly greasy.  I only wish there was another option rather than the very pedestrian ranch dressing that accompanied them.  They deserve better.* The chicken salad really exceeded expectations.  The chicken was plentiful, moist and well-seasoned.  Crunchy tortilla strips added texture and strips of orange added a little brightness to the dish.  The cilantro-based dressing complemented the dish well and became the preferred landing spot for the cheese curds as the meal progressed.* The grilled cheese on the kid's menu was a step above average based on a small nibble my daughter let me have.  The way my daughter defended the sandwich from my repeated attempts to sample it tells me she enjoyed it as well.  * The outdoor seating area is outstanding.  The tables are densely packed, but view of the square on a warm summer evening can't be beat.Things I didn't:* I wasn't blown away by the Tipsy burger.  It came out a little dry and the tipsy sauce caused the bottom half of the bun to turn to goo.  I appreciated that I could get fried onions on the burgers, but they were not cooked long enough to get any good caramelization.  While I enjoyed the Neuske's bacon, I needed to tear the two pieces in half so they would fit inside the bun.* We had to wait inside the bar while an outdoor table opened up and it was LOUD, even at 7pm.  I'm so glad we were able to get a table outside.* I probably had a better chance of seeing the Loch Ness Monster in Lake Monona than my server once I received the food.  My plans for getting more of the cilantro dressing for the cheese curds were foiled by a wait staff that could not keep up with a Tuesday night crowd.  I shudder to think what things are like on a busy Friday night.Despite the service issues, I plan to return during the months where I can enjoy the outdoors seating area.  The Thursday special of PBR battered fish tacos looks especially enticing.
5	Every time I've been to the tipsy cow I've enjoyed it, and I've been there... roughly 8-10 times. Why I keep going back: The food!!!!! I initially went for it's decently priced fish fry which I think is the best in town, perhaps some of the best I've EVER had, and I've had many a fish fry over the years.Also... their curds are... oh.my. GOD. soooo good. The truffle fries are unique and also good but I do somewhat feel like I gain a food baby after eating them - definitely a great thing to share!The service is somewhat hit-or-miss, but it's never been terrible. It's always a place I suggest, oh and if you do go to the fish fry, prepare to wait awhile. but its worth it.
4	Very fitting name, as I've only ever been here tipsy.It's right by the Capitol, so you know you're in a prime people-watching location. There's also a good chance that some kind of concert is happening right on King Street, so make sure to stop here and get your drink on before some tunes.They have decent prices, a nice selection of beer (keep in mind my "nice" is different from everyone else's) and quick service. I think I might make this my go-to get tipsy spot. PS: I'm not an alcoholic; I just have a low tolerance for sobriety.
3	Great beer selection,  and typical bar food. The only thing that was a not good was the seating outside we had a group of 6 but they sat us around a table for three.
5	When I first read the reviews to this place, what I understood was: excellent food, terrible service.I took the advice of ordering the Tispy burger and cheese curds and I was NOT disappointed! This is the best burger I've ever had (although I have yet to try out the other popular burger joints in Madison). The cheese curds too - the breading is soft and light - more cheese than breading which is always a plus.I don't know if the reviews about bad service were just out of date - but I've never had a bad experience at the Tipsy Cow. The servers are very attentive and I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes for my food. The only time this doesn't apply is if you're sitting outside. If you're on the patio, expect more of a wait.Overall, one of my favorite places to grab a burger and beer. Highly recommended!
3	My husband and I came here after work one day to try their truffle fries. We had heard lots of rave reviews and just had to give it a shot. The verdict? Good, but not great. I much prefer the Parmesan truffle cream fries over at DLUX. That said, the prices were good - we went during happy hour. Service was subpar. The restaurant was pretty empty, but our server spent most of her time reading the paper and chatting with other staff.  I might go back to try other food, but if I'm craving truffle fries, you can find me at DLUX!
5	Good burgers. Good prices. Helpful and friendly staff. Great atmosphere. Definitely recommend.
4	I rounded up from a 3.5, very good bar food, great beer selection and a knowledgeable bartending crew.  Had two things off the special menu, though it seems the pork shoulder sandwich with Tipsy Q sauce is on there a lot, pretty awesome with the slaw on top.  Big portions, very tasty, cheap.  I didn't miss the fries on the side, but the one thing we didn't realize was that everything is a la carte, no sides.  No big deal, but for first timers, if you're feeling like some deep fried yumminess on the side, order it from their very extensive and creative starters menu.  Expect a lengthy wait on a weekend night, but that's just Madison.  We'll be back!
5	Great beer selection and really good burgers!
1	The server double charged my debit card with my ticket and another table's ticket. The server said it wouldn't go through. One week later, 8 different phone calls and even talked to the owner who was going to take care of it - the charge is still on my account. Bad business practice.
4	This review is for Tierney. (I hope that's right. It's what my receipt says.)I don't usually single out servers, but she was so incredible (as was the awesome hostess on Monday night) that I feel like I need to mention her by name. Our group of yelpy trivia players this past Monday grew from 4 to 5 to 7 to 9 to 12 over the course of an hour or so, and each time we needed to add more seats and swap people about, she knew exactly where people were and what they ordered. With each arrival she brought a menu, ran through the food specials time and time again (poor thing... it's fries and wings y'all... half off... every Monday... now you know) and made sure that pints were full of Yelp's Bursting Red Ale and that we felt tended to. Tipsy Trivia is one of my favorites in town, simply because almost everyone who's there on Monday plays. I have to imagine the servers aren't as excited about it as I am. Cheap fries, cheap wings, growing party sizes... it's probably a server nightmare. But ours was a breath of fresh air and for pub grub and beer, it was probably some of the best service I've received in Madison. As for the food, it's what you'd expect. I've always felt the burgers are a little over cooked, but you can stack 'em high, so that's a plus. Parmesan wings were a touch overwhelming, but the standard and the Asian glazed made mouths happy. And rotating taps keep things interesting, and it was exciting to see some "locals" (midwest but not Madison) that I had never heard of.
5	On a whim I decided to stop in because if the name. "The Tipsy Cow" in Madison Wisconsin is a classic name. It is a great little place to stop for a beer with their large selection of bottles and daily draught specials and an incredible menu of burgers, sandwiches and appetizers. The service was pretty good too which made this an excellent experience.
4	Fun atmosphere, cheap eats and drinks, cozy vibe.We stopped here to grab a quick bite around 7:30pm on a Saturday and it was packed. We had to wait maybe 20 min for a table. Was it worth the wait? Probably not, but the food was tasty, simple bar food and our service was friendly.Great beer list too. Seems like a fun place to grab a drink and hang out.
3	My husband and I brought some friends from out of town for Trivia Night and fried cheese curds! The fried cheese curds delivered....they are small bites of heaven.  However, it was a little annoying because they advertised trivia on the website and had a huge sign by their front door that said trivia tonight! but when we arrived the hostess said there wasn't any because of the Packers game.  It's a pretty good excuse isn't it?  Other than the cheese curds, my meal was pretty horrible.  I ordered a salad with chicken and it was something I could have made at home for 49 cents....and the chicken was what I call "Subway chicken" and was the equivalent of what you get on a Subway sandwich, which is basically "meat product." My friends seemed overall pleased with their meals but I couldn't eat mine.
4	This was my first bar I ever went to in Madison and even though there are so many great places, I still keep coming back to here. Though the food is a bit greasy, the staff is excellent (4 of the 5 bartenders I've had have been outright hilarious and lots of fun) and the smell of chocolate chip cookies wafts over the bar area... what's not to like? My boyfriend likes their beer list, I like their wine list, and thus we will keep coming back on quiet Sundays for day drinks and football watching.
4	Truffle fries and cheese curds are enough delicious oily food to make your heart stop. Round it out with a beer and a guacamole bacon burger (or whatever burger you have on special) and spend your afternoon half way between blissful food coma and full on heartburn! The kielbasa is not bad either. Overall, I would come back a few times!!
4	i Basked in the flavors of the Tipsy burger. Filled my craving to the max for a burger. The bloody was bland and watery. But the bartender was attentive and friendly to all the customers. Great tap list too. Will sure be back to try some fries that looked awesome but too big of a serving for this girl by her self this time.
5	So very sad to say that after living in Madison for more than a few years that this was my first visit to The Tipsy Cow. I came here with my mom at about 1 PM on a Saturday and we were seated right away. I ordered a Bloody Mary which was really strong (in a good way) and I also appreciated that they asked me which vodka I would like in the drink. You don't always get that. We had just left Fromagination and were already almost full so we decided to go with a few appetizers. We had the zucchini chips which came out piping hot and very crispy on the outside. I was seriously astonished that the zucchini stayed hot the entire time it was sitting at our table. We also got a special they had that day which was smoked salmon on top of 3 potato pancakes and topped with sour cream and chives. It was so freakin good. I will definitely be back to try some more of the food, and maybe some Monday night trivia!
2	We had really high hopes for this joint- and the atmosphere/beer/service was good but the food we got was dripping. My husbands burger was swimming in a pool of grease an my smoked salmon grilled cheese was smothered in that fake butter flavored oily yuck. Went at 2pm on a Saturday after a big lunch rush so maybe we just times it poorly? We wanted to love it. Maybe next time
5	I can't comment on the food. However, they have a wide variety of beer and it's a very fun place to go for a fun night out!!!
4	Great bar!!Best cheese curds in the state!!! I'm a fried cheese curd connoisseur and I'm calling it like I see it.
4	I ate here last Wednesday, and it was as good as always. I had the House Roasted Turkey sandwich. It was great, and had a spicy mustard kick to it. The time prior, I had the Tipsy Burger, which was really good. I've eaten here a handful of times and have always liked the food.They also have plenty of beer, and the bartenders/servers are always really good at what they do. I feel like the prices are decent for the quality of food you get.A great choice if you are hanging out downtown.
5	Have you ever eaten somewhere and ordered something so good that you re-order it every single time you revisit?? This is my place. And the Tipsy Burger is my 'usual'. I might as well tell the waitstaff that I don't need a menu! When you find something this good, what's the point in even being tempted by anything else? I think it's the local beef from Knoche's that makes it. My sister swears it's the brick cheese. Whatever it is, I've sworn my love and allegiance to this burger for all eternity. Since the burgers are served a la carte, I have branched out and tried some of the different sides. Onion rings are good. Buffalo bleu cheese fries are GREAT!Also, although small, the tap beer selection here is pretty stellar. They usually have one or two things on tap that you'd be hard-pressed to find anywhere else.
4	Last night was my first time at the Tipsy Cow. We went for my boyfriend's birthday. We had a very enjoyable time. The food was great. I had a traditional cheeseburger and a half order of truffle fries. For an appetizer we shared the cheese curds. I think they were the best cheese curds I ever had. They melted in my mouth. I gave the business 4 out of 5 stars for two reasons. First, I informed the staff that it was my boyfriend's birthday and they didn't do anything for it. No dessert or free beer. I wish they would have made it more special for him. Second, the server did not clear the cheese curd basket away until after we finished eating our main meal. The table was super small and it would have been nice to have the extra space but that wasn't a major deal. I would go back but not to celebrate a birthday.
5	I love this place. They are always friendly, the cheese curds are the best as well as the chicken tenders.  This is one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.
4	I like going to the Tipsy Cow on occasion, and it's for a few reasons:1. The appetizer selection is deep-fried delicious in my tummy. They serve a lot of the standard fare (onion rings, fries, etc.), but they also offer a few unique items. Some of these include the Zucchini Chips, and the Goat Cheese curds, both of which I thought tasted great. On top of that, you can order numerous variations of the french fries, as you can get a lot of different sauce/topping combinations like buffalo/blue cheese, bbq/ranch, sour cream/onion, and garlic aioli.2. Despite the name, it manages to be vegetarian friendly. It's not as good as say The Green Owl or Ha Long Bay, but there's a few vegetarian sandwiches, and a couple good salads to select from.3. The tap selection rotates frequently, and is usually a stellar ensemble cast. It's mostly Wisconsin brews, but it adds in a few welcome guests as well.4. The avocado tacos on Thursdays are to die for! They're easy to eat, packed with flavor, and filling.All of this makes the Tipsy Cow a good place to spend an evening, but it could use a couple tune ups to be really great. Some of the sandwiches I have had could have tasted better, the appetizer selection could use 1 or 2 healthier choices, and the taps could have a bit of a larger selection (although the tap selection changing a lot does help make up for this). Maybe i'm just being picky though. I do know however that the Tipsy does some things really well, so sticking to those is a sure bet when you visit.
4	To be honest, I stopped by this place to grab a beer and cheese curds while I waited for a table at Graze. Although the Tipsy Cow was very crowded, we were still able to get a seat at a corner table for two. We were expecting a 45 minute wait to be seated at Graze, but we were called back within 20 minutes. Lucky for us, we had our beer, cheese curds and salad served about 10 minutes after we placed our order! Our server was amazing! It probably took an additional 10 minutes to eat our food and receive our check. Talk about a dine-n-dash!
3	Not a bad option for a bit of bar food! Very busy on a Saturday night, at least until about 9 or so. Nice variety of sandwiches, and a lot of different fry options to try- we enjoyed the sour cream and chive fries quite a bit. Also, the pretzel appetizer beats Coopers Tavern's by a mile.
2	The Tipsy is not generally a bad bar; in fact usually it's great. However, there have been some serious problems when they run Trivia on Mondays, that may reveal bigger problems with their hosting practices. Simply put, they cannot manage table allocation when they're busy, and they do not put fairness or efficiency high on their list for seating.Our team went every Monday night for months, becoming familiar faces in the process. But as trivia became more popular, we had to show up earlier and earlier to ensure we'd get a table. This is in part due to Tipsy's policy that at least half of a party must be present to be seated -- and worse, that they can't even put their names on a list until that point.Pretty soon we were coming close to an hour ahead of time, and we'd often wait most or all of it. We were usually a big party, and as such we tried to be predictable, patient and compliant, but too often we were told tables couldn't be put together, or were forgotten about, or we watched as multiple smaller parties would be ushered in ahead of us, all with curt, inattentive service from the hosts.Finally, on a particular night when the whole gang was there a full hour ahead of time, we immediately indicated we wanted a table. We waited for 45 minutes as we occasionally checked in with half-aware staff distributing long-empty tables, then were told there was a table opening up that we could get in 5-10 minutes. Scouting revealed the party in question had finished their food and signed their check some time ago, and were just sitting chatting. After 15 minutes had gone by, we asked whether the hostess might politely mention to them that others were waiting to be seated, but she laughingly informed us that wasn't possible. 10 minutes after that, we asked again what the status was, and the hostess blithely informed us that we'd actually been second on the list, and that OUR table would be opening up shortly -- it would probably be another 5-10 minutes.We left, and have not gone back for trivia. However, even without considering that we were regular customers, their behavior seemed so rude and cavalier that many of us have developed pretty negative feelings about them. After all, it was really the culmination of a string of problems, not an isolated incident; and we felt they could have managed not just more efficiently, but more sympathetically.To some this might sound whiny, but as a former server myself at a similar establishment, I just couldn't believe how little weight they seemed to be giving customer experience. Maybe they thought as long as they were busy, they didn't have to care.
5	I love the tipsy cow! This place has great burgers and crazy amazing French fry appetizers! They also have a stellar tap beer selection, though I tend to always get the Crispin Cider Beer.Great place to come, just as good as the Old Fashion but with less of a wait for a table.Oh and AMAZING CHEESE CURDS
2	Decent beer and food...rude indifferent staff. When the wait staff decides that THEY are more important than the patrons it is time to clean house.  If you can get a seat in the tipsy (which is rare) be prepared to be the object of disdain from the wait staff that has decided that their tips are more important than their service.  We all have been in crowded bars before, but when the staff decides that saying "excuse me" is no longer necessary it is time to send them packing to Buffalo Wild Wings or Quaker Steak & Lube where they undoubtably came from.  I was bumped repeatedly by the staff as I tried to drink a beer - twice hard enough to cause me to spill my drink... With not as much as a "I'm sorry".  The bartenders are nice however.  They do need to figure out that overly hopped beers are not necessarily good beers.
3	Good food.  Great service
3	Great food when they have it. They seem to run out of goat cheese curds a lot. Don't go on trivia night or you won't get good service. They act like you're an inconvenience when you want to eat before trivia starts.
5	One of the places in Madison where one can try locally grown food. Their chicken, either it's in the salad or chicken tenders, is the best I have ever had in USA. The fries are the best in Madison. I think they fry them differently, but I might be wrong. Their pickles tastes like something my Russian grandma would make. For those who did not like them, this is how real pickles with dill should taste like. Would go again and again and again
4	I'm visiting from out of town but you can't go wrong with their cheese curds and tipsy burgers.
1	Dont go to happy hour if you dont want to get harassed on the patio by "regulars". Servers are nice food is ok at best
2	Possibly the best appetizers I have had anywhere, ever.  The beer battered cheese curds are amazing, as are the cheese fries.  Love that they have an extensive beer list that changes often.Has the worst service I have ever experienced.  I've been there 4 times, once for lunch and 3 times for dinner.  Had a great experience with lunch but all 3 times I've been there for dinner the service was absolutely terrible.
5	I would consider myself a regular at the Tipsy Cow, both as a restaurant and a bar. Their beer list is out of this world. Their food list is consistently great - I have tried over half the menu and have yet to be disappointed. The waitstaff can be great, mediocre, or terrible - I've had all three types - but at least they're usually friendly. The bartenders are always phenomenal as humans as well as with recommendations. They really seem like the kind of guys who bond with their customers, reward their regulars by remembering their drinks, and are just overall nice people. Only negative? PLEASE fix the A/C! It's so hot I think I'm going to pass out sometimes.
5	Great Burgers.Great Appetizers.Great beers.Fast Service.It's the perfect combination for a bar.   They also open some exclusive beers on occasion.  Recently had Dog Fish Head 120 Min IPA.   It's a great combination, I've been here for lunch, and for dinner, and all of the above were true.   Most of the times I've noticed the same bar tender, and give props to the guy.  He runs a good ship, and kept our drinks at the ready, and food handy when we sat at the bar.Often at lunch they have the Burger with Guac and bacon on the menu.   Not something I'd normally order.  On an adventurous day I ordered it.... and am now in a rut because that's all I want to order.
4	The service was fast and friendly and the food was typical madison pub food: Burgers and fried things. Since I wasnt in a burger mood I got the chicken tenders and they were surprisingly flavorful and juicy.  Other than that the Tipsy Cow is nothing to really gawk over.
3	Basic pub fare. Good service with warm and friendly waitstaff. Had the beet salad, tasty. Burgers looked good. My friend ordered it rare but it came medium, still juicy. No wait on a Saturday 7 pm.  Good beer selection.
3	I've landed at the Tipsy Cow a few times now, my thoughts have ruminated over the experience, and so it's time to review 'ole Bessy.+ Great bar area - tons of seating, lots of high top tables+ Bar staff is prompt, efficient, and helpful+ Good selection of beers that are a little more diverse than most other places- Beers are a bit on the pricier side+ Quality beer will cost more than typical bar swill+ Televisions placed strategically so as to be visible but not "in your face"+ Background music is usually quite awesome+ Servers have been friendly and great+ Tons - TONS - of appetizer options; you name it, they've got it+ Curds are decent; not otherworldly, but good. Can't quite tell if they're house made, but they're solid. White curds, light batter/breading combo, usually fried well+ Battered fries are outstanding+ These guys know their way around the fryer+ Sandwich options are plentiful+ Turkey with avocado was excellent - tons of shaved turkey, two strips of crispy bacon, lettuce, tomato, cheese, and avocado, all served on a nice multigrain bread. - Sorta' thought the sandwich would be served hot- Cubano was disappointing, primarily because they used shaved pork (rather than sliced or chipped), which meant the pork had no flavor of its own. Instead, it took on the flavors of the mustard and the (oh the horror) sweet-n-sour pickles. Who makes a Cubano with sweet-n-sour pickles? The very definition calls for dill pickles.- Things are a bit pricey. The last visit ran $40 for two brews, two sammies, and some curds. Hmm.- Bathroom situation could be a little better; single seaters, and the men's room needs some maintenance work - there's a big hole in the ceiling and graffiti all over the place (tangent: seriously, what kind of bad-ass tagger leaves his mark in a nice bar in downtown Madison??? Grow up, for Pete's sake... that, or let me catch you tagging other people's property...)Summary: Not bad, not great. I probably wouldn't wait for a table on a busy night, but I wouldn't turn my nose at another visit or two.
3	Stopped here for dinner after Concerts on the Square on Wednesday night. Ran into some good friends who had just eaten there and they assured us that it was very good.The extensive menu sounded very promising... Many different appetizers, including Cajun alligator bites. We ordered the cheese curds, which a friend has since told me are actually goat cheese curds. They were very good, and probably my favorite part of the meal. So... I ordered off the specials menu, a Cuban sandwich. My first warning sign should have been that they serve it on honey wheat bread. An odd choice for such a traditional sandwich. Our very pleasant and efficient waitress was happy to oblige with the more traditional grilled bun. When it arrived it looked very good.Unfortunately, looks are where the goodness ended. It was filled with very dry and odd tasting and weirdly textured shaved pork. I love pork and this did not taste like pork, hard to say exactly what it tasted like but it wasn't good. I tried to salvage the meal by taking that off the sandwich. The shaved ham was fine, very tasty, the Havarti cheese was also fine, as well as the yellow mustard and grilled bun.The death knell for this sandwich was the unfortunate addition of sweet pickles. On a Cuban sandwich? Whaaaaa....? The menu proudly calls them Mike's pickles, and apparently they are a feature here in many dishes. Even the deep fried battered pickles are apparently made from these sweet pickles according to the menu, so be warned. Some things are just wrong. So, so wrong.Steve L's turkey avocado sandwich was pretty stellar, he said. The beer list, ambience, location and service are all impeccable. So they get three stars for now, pending future visits.But please, no more Mike's pickles. (Sorry, Mike. Let's just be friends.)
4	I stopped in with a friend on Friday afternoon. The place has a nice atmosphere, but was a bit loud as the dining area was full.  A window view provided some people and surroundings viewing. I had that Truffled Portabella Mushroom sandwich. It was very good. The bread was fried in butter which added flavor, but didn't take away from the mushrooms themselves. They have quiet the beer selection, of which I availed myself. Overall a nice downtown dining experience.
4	My family came here for dinner on a Thursday night.  Was a little surprised when we arrived about 6:30pm, not many people were in the place. It's a small place, so I thought that it would fill up quickly. All I have to say is PBR battered  FISH TACOS!  They are AMAZING, it's one of their specials for Thursday night - you won't be disappointed. We also ordered several appetizers Goat Cheese Curds aka best thing you could ever fry, the alligator bites (meh),and  blue cheese and bacon fries (yummy!). My brother in law ordered the Tipsy burger, said that it was good but felt that the burgers from the Old Fashioned or Dotty's are better. Will definitely dine here again.
4	Super friendly staff and a wide assortment of gastropub food. What more could you want.We stopped at the Tipsy Cow for an early Friday afternoon lunch while in Madison for a conference. Although it was early (1130 am), the staff went out of their way to make certain we had a lunch table set-up outside and felt welcome.The burgers are awesome. They tend to run a bit on the greasy side for me - but the flavors were really nice. I especially liked the truffle fires. Although I wish they had been a bit "crisper."There is a wide assortment of libations on the menu. However, we did not partake - given the early hour of our lunch and the need for further "work focused" concentration for the rest of the afternoon. I would suggest - a great Friday Happy Hour includes a visit to the Tipsy Cow for a cold beer, truffle fries, burger and salad. That would be a great way to start a weekend.The restaurant/bars location, in close proximity to the Capitol, means there is never a shortage of people watching and interesting street-happenings. Especially in the summer months when the city of Madison seems to come alive with the warm sunshine and pleasant afternoons.
3	Would've given it four stars except the service is a little iffy. Tipsy burger and the alligator bites were both on point, though the bites were a little small for the price. That burger though. I can't tell if it was cause I was starving and cold but that sure hit the spot. The house made pickles are pretty killer too. No sides come with the burgers just fyi
2	It's doubtful we'll be back to the Cow. Stopped here with my spouse on a beautiful Saturday night about 10pm. The streets were buzzing, with activity all over downtown, and we thought we'd enjoy the lovely evening outside at the sidewalk tables.We noticed that it said to check with wait staff if we wanted to sit outside, so I asked one of the servers walking by if it was ok. He said, "Sure." That was the last we saw of a server. Well, at our table. We had four different servers walk by us, serve other tables, bring checks, bus tables over ten minute time frame...but not one made eye contact with us or took our order. The only thing I can figure is that they wanted to close up outside seating, and therefore intentionally ignored us. That's okay: we just will find other places to take our business.
3	I was in town for business.  I did my Yelp research, and my Beer Advocate research before getting into town.  The Tipsy Cow kept showing up high on every list.  Had to make it one of my limited stops while in town.  From all I had heard about their beer selection, honestly I was a bit disappointed.  There are a number of other spots within a very short walk with a much deeper selection.  The Tipsy Cow was also the youngest / college crowd / hipster type places of all I had stopped.  Not that there is anything wrong with that....  all depends on what you are looking for.  Monday night trivia - this i the place.Great location, nice outdoor seating option, good beer selection, delicious curds.
4	Trivia is an absolute blast here on Monday evenings. They also have a super awesome cheese burger. The cheddar on it is to die for. It's a great place to go with friends.
5	It is overused on Yelp!  We have all said it, and today I am going to say it again....  The Tipsy Burger may be the" best burger I have ever eaten".  Buy this time I mean it!  The Tipsy burger is a classic double, with 2 strips of top notch bacon, 2 different types of cheese (including 3 year old Wisconsin Cheddar!) along with "Tipsy Sauce" which I believe is souped up thousand island dressing.  My mouth is still watering thinking about how good this burger is!  You have to try it.We also ordered a 1/2 side of Onion Rings and a 1/2 side of Goat Cheese Curds.  I liked the Goat Curds a lot.  (Another must try!) the onion rings where good, but were very bready.  Some people might love their rings like this, I tend to like the thinner variety.I was also please with the prices.  The Tipsy Burger was $8 and I really like that you could order 1/2 sides for half price.  Oh yeah..  also tried the Kentucky Pumpkin Beer.  I thought it sucked!  But I hate almost all craft beers so please don't put much into my review of any beer!      To be completely honest I really should have taken a point off for the service.  We ate outside and it took forever to get refills and our bill.  BUT the food was so good it was worth the wait!
5	Definitely coming back to The Tipsy Cow.Service  was slow but the food made up for it. We went on a Tuesday so it was a buy one get one half off for the 1x1 cheeseburgers. Finding out from Yelp that you can order half an appetizer was a godsend, allowing us to try both the alligator and the cheese curds for a total of $20 for a dinner, including tip.The burgers are a little greasy but still good. The cheese curds are good and the ranch that accompanies it is even better. AND THE ALLIGATOR. My friend and I were super stoked to try alligator and we weren't disappointed. The texture was kind of like chicken but with a slightly flakier texture, which I was not expecting since I had heard alligator to be kind of tough.The outer breading of the alligator was this perfectly crunchy coating, similar to what you would find on really great fried chicken. The sauce was delicious as well.I honestly can't wait to check out this place soon for trivia and try some more of their appetizers with friends just because there are so many enticing things on there. GO GO GO GO GO TO THE TIPSY COW!!
2	So after reading lots of positive reviews on this place we decided to come here on a thursday night with another couple. I was throughly not impressed, it was quite packed for a thursday evening but we only had to wait a couple mins for seating. After getting seated we waited atleast 15 mins just for a waitress to notice us, just for her to comeover and tell us that we would be receiving the "trainee" and she'd be right with us........ another 15 mins go by, no server. If it were just us we would've left but we were with other people. Once the original waitress came to check if the trainee came by and we said no, she took the order. (Mind you this was our drink and meal order) We all ordered drinks me and 2 other got tap beer.. not hard to screw up but my bf got a moscow mull, was made incredibly wrong to where he couldn't even finish it. The food on the other hand definitely not impressed, didn't like either of my things, tomato soup which wasn't even hot, and salmon potato cakes, the salmon was inedible. Our friends got salads (kinda hard to screw up) nothing too exciting and my bf got the tilapia sandwich which was soggy Yuck!! All in all we'd only be back for some of their drink specials, but doubtful. + server was a sweetheart (short blonde haired girl)+atmosphere was cool
2	This place is. The. Worst. First of all, I walk in and take my seat. Who  has assigned seating anymore? 5 min l8tr I'm told I can't sit there anymore! WTF!?!Then, I take a seat at the bar. Bartender is awful. Slicked back hair, too defined of a part. Someone is elitist. Can't a girl order a whiskey and close out her tab? Is that too much to ask? $10 min? Why the drinks so cheap? Dat whiskey diet doe... Did the trick. Sincerely, Basic white b*tches.
5	If you're looking for amazing bar food with a Wisconsin flair but don't want to wait in line at the Old Fashioned, look no further!Their cheese curds are all delicious (regular, goat cheese or buffalo). Their burger is AMAZING - probably the best I've tried in Madison. Overall a great place to grab a quick bite of awesome food or drink some Wisconsin beer without the hassle of the other Capitol square spots.
5	Good food and good fun. I enjoyed their patio seating and incredibly large craft brew selection. The food was also very good. I recommend the fried curds. It can get quite busy but the staff handles that in a pretty timely fashion.
4	Best cheese curds in the world!  Spotted cow beer is amazing. Everyone is so nice. Guacamole bacon cheeseburger is so good.
4	Goat cheese curds- 4 out of 5 moosCheese curds were tasty. Didn't really notice a difference with the goat cheese, but they seemed less squeaky. Alligator bites- 3 out of 5 moosFirst time trying alligator!  Tasted just like chicken. I think the buffalo and breaking took away from the alligator meat. Guacamole bacon burger- 3 out of 5 moosDelicious guac, thick bacon, delicious burger. Wish there was more meat. I was able to substitute for goat cheese, definitely would recommend this cheese swap!Only thing that is tipping this review from a 5 to a 4 is the service. Wait times to be seated and receive water were super slow. The waitstaff seemed very flustered.
3	Stopped here for lunch and was a little disappointed (but let me preface by saying that I probably should have just gone to a restaurant and not a bar). I ordered the cheese curds and the salmon grilled cheese, and neither were as tasty as I was hoping. The cheese curds were more breading than cheese, which was a let down since I'm visiting Wisconsin and therefore want the best cheese curds I've ever had. I went to the Old Fashioned last night and much prefer their cheese curds. The salmon grilled cheese was just kind of meh - greasy and the flavor was a little harsh. Service was fine and the vibe was cool. Don't get me wrong, nothing was actually bad about the food - I think my expectations were just high for a place that is clearly a bar first. I'd likely return for a beer or two.
4	Very good food. Sandwiches and accompaniments were great, cheese curds are some of the best in town. Staff could be a bit friendlier but otherwise service was good.
4	Farm to Table High End Well Lit DiveSo my wife and I are trying to squeeze in as much as we can during our 6 day stay. We walk by the Tipsy Cow and stop. After a brief discussion. we go in. Nothing really fancy to this joint and I would considering it a high end dive. We sit at the bar and get a couple of drinks. We look at the menu and my wife zooms in on the Blue Cheese and Bacon fries. We order that. As a continue to read the menu it becomes clear of the Farm to Table vibe this place has. From the special bacon, to ham to cheese this theme runs true here. I love that concept and we really don't have a lot that in a South Florida. The FoodThe fries come and they are pretty good, but nothing special. I then order the Ham and cheese sandwich and my wife gets the Kabasa which comes in a roll.  All the entrees do NOT come with sides, that's where the high end dive comes into play. Everything is ala carte. Our food comes out and it's looks damn good, I know what you are thinking, WTF is a hot ham and cheese sandwich. Dude this was some good eats. Some pickle slices came on the side and I decided to add them on my sandwich. Great move. The pickles, which the bartender said was homemade, had a sweet bite to them which added a great contrast to the melted sharp cheddar. mustard, and ham.  I had a bite of the kabasa and it had a good snap to it. I wish my wife got the Sauerkraut on it because it would have been a prefect couple. AmbianceLooks like a working persons pub. Watching the employees walk up and down a flight of stairs to go to and from the kitchen made me think of a working persons pub. Good solid menu and a decent beer selection makes this place hum. Our bartender was very nice as I pestered him to turn up the jukebox. Jukebox junkie here:) Verdict Not to shabby. If I have time I'd love to come back and try the burgers.  No reason to tell them I sent you since I'm visiting your town so Stay Hungry!
5	Really loved the atmosphere here and they have a great drink selection! The food was great too if you are looking for a good casual dinner.. The truffle fries are soooo good and I would recommend getting those, everything was really good and I would go back for drinks or food again!
5	Best place I visited in Madison, hands down, and I went to a lot of places. Unpretentious, fun, casual local bar with intriguing microbrew choices on tap. Bonus points for cute cow decor!
4	Best burger EVER! Super juicy but not greasy, thick cut bacon that was actually not flabby, and the Tipsy sauce! Only issue was the waitress... She actually admitted that she forgot about us. It was a Monday, so the C team must have been in play.
5	Blows the Old Fashioned out of the water.My office is less than a block away, and I have gained probably 5 pounds from the beer-battered fries alone. Not to mention the PBR-battered fish tacos, the satisfying and well-crafted Tipsy Burger, or any other sumptuous morsel off their menu. Hell-o, weekly specials.The place is cozy, the bartenders are friendly, and the place is always bustling. It does get very busy very suddenly and wait times tend to be long, what with the no reservation policy. But hey, you've got some nice Wisconsin beers to sip while you wait for the servers to finish hyperventilating in the back.
5	I really love the Tipsy Cow!  It is the best place to get a bloody mary after visiting the farmers market on a Saturday morning.  Make sure to have bartender Ben make it for you!Their menu is great and they always have some intriguing appetizers.   Last time out we enjoyed the bacon & bleu cheese fries with our bloodies.  The Tipsy Cow is alwasys a treat!
4	This is one of my favorite summer places in Madison. Great outdoor seating for people watching and excellent greasefood. I'm finicky with my non-meat burgers--they're never done quite right--but TC does a wonderful job with their portabella mushroom burger. They actually do everything quite well, and I haven't heard of a lackluster option on their menu. Friends from out-of-state usually want to go to the Old Fashioned when in town, but I'm going to steer them here from now on.
