5	Summerlin locals... this restaurant single-handedly created a reason to come to Village Square instead of returning to Boca Park or Tivoli Village week after week. Don't be fooled by the humble exterior, this place is huge inside! The bar manager Venny will make you feel right at home as soon as you walk in. Bar:A nice sized bar area with about a dozen stools + casual table seating.Great Sangria, a good selection of Draft beer & some great happy hour prices$2-3 Beers, $3 Wells, $5 Sangria or Mexican Bulldogs (+/- $1)Food:-House made guacamole was perfect & as fresh as it gets.-I suggest grabbing a 3 taco plate and trying out a few kinds ($13)-Carne Asada tacos were the best I've ever had.-The pulled chicken was good but a little overshadowed by how awesome the Carnitas and Carne Asada were.-$2 Street Tacos during happy hour.... enough saidAtmosphere:Chinita's had a great balance of class/style while still retaining a light atmosphere. This place doubles as a great date spot or a place to unwind after a long day. The night I was there they had live music by Toto Zara which was a nice touch.This place will no doubt become a regular destination for the happy-hour / dinner seekers in the area. Locals need to get in there before the HYPE sets in. derp
3	A delightful Mexican Eatery has opened in Village Square, and I'm shelling out a strong 3 stars (or a weak 4 stars if your glass is half full of tequila!)Chinita is a full-service, sit-down Mexican Restaurant with a pleasant atmosphere on the inside.  We came in for lunch and shared several items in order to report back to you as thoroughly as possible.In general, everything we had here was good, but nothing really amazed us.  Our favorite was the carnitas.  We enjoyed them in some tacos, but it was the meat's flavor and preparation that impressed, and I would feel confident ordering carnitas in any option that you fancy.  We also really liked the order of Chinita's en Cazuela (fajitas,) we had the asada variation.  The lunch order is a  1/2 order and is ample to fill you up, as all lunch items come with soup or salad.  We tried both of their soups...a corn tortilla and an albondigas.  The soups were both right on the mark and enjoyable...I shy away from soups a lot in Mexican places because they are often overly salty...these were both tasty and balanced.  We also shared an enchilada, which was good.Our least favorite aspect of the Chinitas was the salsa.  We are both fans of salsa...especially hot & flavorful ones.  The normal salsa is mild, and not particularly strong in flavor...we quickly asked if they had a hotter salsa.  The salsa they brought out next was a habanero based salsa.  This one had good heat, but was pasty, and vinegary...not too enjoyable, but leaning towards a thick Cholula sauce.  Finally we asked if they had a green salsa.  They brought out a fresh, sweat salsa that lacked the heat normally associated with a tomatillo salsa.  This salsa was my favorite of the lackluster bunch, but left me wanting some heat and boldness...I think my little niece may very well enjoy it though.  It was lunch...on a workday...so we didn't partake in any specialty beverages, but they seemed to have the normal array of margaritas, tequilas, beers, etc. that you would find at any decent Mexican Restaurant.I wouldn't go out of my way to come back, but I would stop in again if I was in the area and wanting some Mexican food.
5	Chinita Mexican Bar and Grill is a wonderful experience!! My daughter and I loved the food and the service.  We had Steak Fajitas, lots of steak and vegetables with the steak not over done and the taste..wow!!.  The service was great as well. You will enjoy every moment you spend there.
3	Okay so we went in and I totally thought we were heading for a 5 star meal. It was around 1:30 on a Saturday afternoon and the place had like 1 other couple in the whole place. The bartender was also the server and he was really nice... On a side note he looked like a cross between BJ Penn and the chairman guy on Iron Chef America...The hubby ordered the signature margarita and I ordered Manager's Choice margarita... It was a spicy cucumber margarita and it was delicious. The tri-colored chips and salsa were to my liking... I'm fine with unspicy salsa the BF kinda wasn't. We ordered the appetizer sampler and EVERYTHING on the plate was so good. The avocado egg rolls were awesome but the flautas were delish!!!!The hubby ordered the hambugesa and I ordered the mahi mahi tacos.We were really excited!! but well...we were disappointed. Their burger looked like a slider patty on a bun (I took pictures) and the hubby said it wasn't that great...especially for the price.When my tacos came out they looked GREAT!! it came with a baby handful of rice and beans. The rice tasted old and mushy..not a fan. The tacos were just okay. It was fish sticks in a flour tortilla.. They were dying for some flavor though. I wish the table had salt and pepper. They were just okay. I was a bit disappointed. With how great the appetizer was, I had expected the entrees to wow us - I was mistaken.Even with our 30 dollar groupon, all of the above came to 40 bucks. This was when I realized that we probably won't be back. Everything was a bit over priced. 16 bucks for the tacos and 15 for the slider...er. i mean burger (I mean they came out with ketchup packets) is a little too pricey.If I could do it all over again, I would have come just for drinks and appetizers.3 stars for the ambiance, service, and the appetizers.
3	First let me say that I am particular about Mexican food, but I can appreciate different variations from gourmet to street tacos.Upon entering the restaurant, we received a delayed welcome. We were quickly seated and I immediately noticed the seat was soiled with food. I wiped the mess up with a napkin. The menu has calamari, which instantly makes me question the authenticity. Upon receiving chips n salsa my suspicions were confirmed. The chips were warm and festive red, green, and regular. The salsa was strikingly similar to La Victoria. I ordered tacos with carne asada and carnitas. My date ordered chicken enchiladas. When the plates were delivered, the enchiladas lacked the crema described on the menu. He requested sour cream and was charged $1.50. My carne was good, but had too much fat for my liking. The carnitas were average. Rice and beans tasted like they came from a box and can. Again, I am aware that I am especially hard to please when it comes to rice and beans. Maybe because there isn't much nutritional value, therefore it has to be worth the calories, right? We ordered a sangria and agreed it was more like a cocktail made with Tropicana fruit punch. It wasn't bad, but it didn't seem to contain any wine. In a nut shell, the ambiance was fine, service good for a newly opened establishment. The prices are a bit high for the quality. Were it not for the Groupon, it would have received 2 stars.
3	Very nicely decorated comfortable place to eat and relax. The service was excellent. they kept our drinks full. I ordered the carne asada burrito it came with rice and beans. it tasted great, but the food was on the pricey side. Wow 15 for a carne asada burrito.
5	I love the hot tri colored chips, taco Tuesday! Karaoke Thursday, Happy Hour from 3-6 and brunch on Sunday! Killer homeade margarita and my new favorite bartender, Vincanto, "Vinny" made up the best Dulce de Leche martini. We loved the mahi mahi tacos, the carnitas and the guacamole! The place is so comfy, swanky, and very welcoming. I'm so happy that it's right across the street from home. Sorry Lindo!!!! Chinita's wins!!!
5	My husband, daughter and I decided to try this place out for dinner. We are vegetarians, so we are picky about where we go and what we eat. This restaurant has a lovely menu, and we were very happy with the vegetarian tacos. The atmosphere is wonderful, its very bright, open, and happy. Its a great place to have a birthday party  or other fun occasion. Our server was very nice, and came back lots of times to check and make sure our drinks were refilled. The pricing of food to quanity is a lot like if you went to the Cheescake Factory. I thought the pricing was fine, I would like to go back for happy hour, after all who doesnt like to get a deal.
1	The most bland and tasteless Mexican food I've ever had in Vegas, let alone anywhere else. Go to Cafe Rio or Roberto's instead, save money and not end up regretting the steep amount you would've spent at Chinita.Wife had the pork chimi, if the dogs could sit at the table they'd probably cock their heads to the side and think "alpo?" It was disgusting looking and tasting.I had the hambergesa, all I tasted was a hamburger with corn salsa on it and no chorizo. The mushy fries were the highlight of my plate.Food = worst mexican I've probably ever hadService = excellent, staff was very nice and attentive, and for that, you get one star. Sorry I drew such a look of shock and "oh shit how do I react" look from the staff when they asked for everything was, I've never been so compelled to give my opinion because they were very nice.As a friendly neighbor gesture, I plead for Robert Irvine to visit this place quick so it does not fail.
3	The good..Nice atmosphereGood serviceGood fajitasThe bad...Mediocre rice and beansPriceyEverything else was ok (ceviche and avocado roll)
3	I met friends here on their opening night. I will go back and try again assuming that's why there was some confusion. Also hoping they mix their drinks a little better. Had the house margarita and it was good, not great just good. We also ordered the Chinitas Sampler. It has several tastes of their dishes so we thought this would be a great way to try lots at once. The cheese nacho con chorizo was regular cheese nachos, didn't find any chorizo. I did really like the avocado rolls and would order them again. Chicken flautas could have come out of the Costco freezer, the same with the wings. I would really like to see them step up their salsa. I can handle (love too actually) spicy but this tasted like it came out of a bottle. When I asked for something hotter what I got really wasn't much better. In a town so full of Mexican places I know its hard to make yourself stand out. Just try a little harder guys. You will get there.
5	The food is fantastic. They have the best margaritas & sangria in town. The 1st drink is free and the staff is awesome. Do yourself a favor and give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
4	Before my husband and I went to the theater, we decided to try Chinita's. The restaurant is very inviting and the servers were friendly. We just wanted to share a meal, so we had the fajitas. They were very good and it was the perfect amount for us. My husband loves the salsa and even got some to go..We go out to eat a lot and thought the price was reasonable.We will be back!
2	I wanted to like Chinita so badly, but just couldn't do it.  I live right around the corner and when I saw the signage going up I initially thought they were going for a Mexican/Chinese concept, similar to Chino Bandito in Phoenix (which btw is amazing if you're ever down in that area).  Hmmm maybe they should have gone that direction.I arrived about 6 on a Friday night to a half way full restaurant with about three other groups waiting to be seated.  There were plenty of open tables, but for whatever reason we waited 15-20 minutes before being seated.  I understand not wanting to overwhelm the kitchen with the 6pm rush, but seeing all of the open tables while we waited definitely didn't help.The waiter was very attentive and overall provided very good service.  Chips and salsa were brought to the table pretty quickly and we dove in immediately,  Unfortunately, the salsa was very bland and tasted like it came out of a jar (La Victoria sounds about right).  I asked for something spicier and the waiter brought out something that was even worse.  My dinner date and I opted for the fish tacos and the chimichanga (traditional American Mexican of course).  The fish tacos were pretty good overall, but I couldn't get past the rice and beans.  They were terrible!  Again, the beans tasted like they came out of a can and the rice was very bland.  For a Mexican restaurant, the rice and beans should be your bread and butter, but not here.  The chimichanga was decent, but you could certainly find a better one a Roberto's or other similar places.  To top it all off, the prices were a bit steep in my opinion.  Fish tacos and a chimichanga without drinks just about used up my $30 groupon. :(The only things saving this restaurant were our server and the decor.  Inside, the place was very nicely decorated and had a good feel to it.  Too bad the food didn't live up to these things.  I would probably try again in the future if the menu was revamped.  Seeing as how they just opened, I don't think it's too late, but until then I'm staying away.
2	Meh. I was really excited to try this place out.The inside is a lot bigger than I expected and the decor is lovely. The service was really good too!But the most important part, the food, just lacked. The chips and salsa/guacamole were good. Oh and the sangria.We started off with the crispy quesadilla which was good. Maybe serve it with a side of sour cream?I had the lunch special with chicken flautas and a pulled chicken taco. I didn't like the flautas, plus I expected them to be crispy... Didn't care for the rice and usually I love Mexican rice. The taco was alright. My boyfriend had the enchiladas. He thought they were alright, nothing special. For this, plus a beer the total was $44, probably won't return unless it's just for drinks at the bar.
3	The only way I heard about this place was through Groupon. It popped up a few weeks ago and we couldn't resist since it's on our side of town. We came here about 10:30 last Saturday and brought my mom along. I was pleasantly surprised that they were open for breakfast. The restaurant is located in Village Square, across from the theater. They were completely empty when we entered the restaurant, but we were greeted warmly and taken to our seats. Our drink orders were taken immediately and then we perused the menu. Their chips and salsa were standard and so was their food. I had the carnitas tacos, my fella ordered chicken enchiladas and my mom went with the chilaquilles. The food was just ok. Nothing amazing, but it was standard Mexican fair. It didn't really stand out to me and now that I'm writing my review a week after our meal there I actually had to review the pictures I took to remind me what I ate. The restaurant is really pretty and there is plenty of space for bigger parties. They also have $10 all you can eat taco Tuesdays and they also seem to host quite a few sport and happy hour specials, so look out for these. All in all, this place is a nice little spot if you're in the area or have a coupon.
2	I had high hopes for Chinita and I really wanted to like it. The service is top notch but the food is another story. Please keep in mind this is only for the three items I ordered maybe the rest of the menu is great. The guacamole was a little expensive and small. They don't even make it in front of you. It was also less chunky than I would expect hand made guacamole to be. It tasted store bought. I had the white cheese dip appetizer which was slightly bigger than the guacamole . It was good and my favorite out of the three things I ordered. The calamari was my biggest disappointment. They were cut in rings which kind of reminded me of fish bait. It was chewy and rubbery and smelled a bit off. I didn't like the idea that after they breaded the calamari they put some type of sweet sauce on it. It made the breading soggy. The sauce on the side would have been fine there is no need to over sauce the dish. I only ate two bites and the rest I couldn't stomach. The waitress asked if everything was alright but I didn't have heart to say the food was lousy because everyone was really nice.
3	This place is just all right. The chips were fresh and I really liked their salsa. Nice and finely chopped. That's how I judge Mexican restaurants. Service was good, but the place was really empty which was weird. My enchiladas were basic, but good. I'd come back with a coupon.
1	Decor is nice. Service was okay. Lots of room for improvement on the food though, this was THE most overpriced/bland Mexican food I've ever had, three of the people that came with me couldn't even finish their lunch, the only reason I finished mine was because of the tiny portion of my "camarones al mojo de ajo" with chicken. Honestly the rest of the food tasted like it came out of the microwave or  was sitting under the heat lamp for a while. We felt so unsatisfied that we bought a groupon during our time here to pay for our tab because we felt paying full price for less than mediocre food is not cool. Go to cafe rio which is down the street.
5	Bartender benancio was super friendly!!!!Pomegranate margaritas & mojitos were yummy!!!!
5	Delicious food, wonderful service.  Great value.  Particular favorites, guacamole tacos, chicken taquitos.  We will be there often.
4	We loved the Mahi tacos!This is a great spot for lunch before, or dinner after, a movie at Village Square.  The service was great, and Shanti, the owner, was delightful.I can't wait to come back for Taco Tuesday (all you can eat tacos for $10).
4	Went for the first time today for lunch. Had the enchilada and shredded beef taco. It was great! They accidentally brought a cheese enchilada instead of beef. The waiter caught this and brought out a beef one even though I said I was fine with the cheese. Service was prompt, friendly and attentive. I can't wait to go back for dinner now.
5	You have to check it out!! Delicious!  If you have ever been out ti Lake Las Vegas (Sonrisa) this is the sister location.  Taco Tuesday, all you can eat and delicious!  House margarita is awesome!   Bartender is the best guy you will meet.....come on down!
4	I ordered a burrito enchilada style and it was delicious! The chips are really good. Nice looking restaurant. I like that it's in Village Square as I tend to see movies there.
2	I was kinda confused when my husband asked me if I wanted to eat here... It says Chinita (doesn't that mean little Chinese girl?) on the sign, but directly under that, it says "Mexican Bar & Grill", intrigued, I am...A red colored bleu cheese sauce for calamari which was doused in sweet chili sauce... Oh, there's the Chinese. Guacamole lacked seasonings, quesadilla plater was missing the usual salsa, guac and sour cream :(Unfortunately, the only part of of the night that I enjoyed was the live music. I didn't catch his name but I remember him from the Onyx Bar at Red Rock, uhm, no I don't drink a lot. I love that he plays different instruments and sings! I didn't enjoy the food, I get that they're trying to go for a fusion type of restaurant-- sorry, doesn't work.
4	Beautiful space great selection of tequilas very impressive. The bartender was very nice and very helpful. I stopped in to get a Negra Modelo my favorite beer because they have it on tap. The only other place I have seen or had it on tap was a small joint in Pittsburgh a surprising little dumpy place that specialized in a lobster sandwich on fresh baked roll...Pittsburgh?Can't speak to the food at this place as I just ate at chipotle and was hoping to get a massage at the European School but had to schedule one for tomorrow. I have got to get rid of this cramp in my calf muscle so I can get back to running. My girlfriend let it be known that if I came down to Miami in May in anything other than tip top shape well.... :- (But from what I could see the food looked really good, overheard a couple at the bar talking about how much they liked it and asked for a to go container. The beer was great and the service was extremely friendly. I also met the owner wonderfully nice lady. Talked to me for quite some time. Really cared to know what I liked and how her place could be of service. Very professional and very engaged owner...you don't see enough of that these days.I'm definitely coming back here for one of the many different events she mentioned she is having...mostly the Tequila tasting night!
3	This place is surprising inside.  It is modern and more upscale than you would expect.  I'm still not sure about the name.  It suggest some Chinese fusion but there is no evidence of such on the menu,  There is some bamboo sticking out of the planters??  They have a very nice patio.  We tried the queso with shrimp.  Not a win.  It was like the pale cheese goop and not the real stretchy cheese I had hoped for.  In addition, they do not serve it with tortillas, just the chips you already have.  Since it is more of a dip than a queso fundido, I guess that makes sense.  We also had carnitas tacos.  They were A-OK.  Tender and crispy all at once.  Not bad, not great...just A-OK.  My sister in law was very pleased with her chilaquiles.  My husband was less than impressed with his steak.  He said it was flavorless.  The chips were yummy, the sangria was tasty and the service was friendly. Prices were fair.  The ambiance is very nice.  However, I am not sure we will go again.  Maybe for a drink.  There is much better Mexican food to be had.
2	A neighbor couple recommended this restaurant to us and our friends so the four of us were looking forward to dinner there this evening. We had read that the service could be lacking so we didn't expect four star service. We ordered a pitcher of the house special margarita's which was good but nothing special. You could do better with Jose Cuervo mix. We all enjoyed the warm tortilla chips in three colors which were very good as was the spicy salsa. The entree's were disappointing and not very appetizing in appearance. Our two friends ordered the carnitas tacos, I had the steak and chicken fajita combo and my wife had a tostada salad. The carnitas were made with cubed meat that resembled dog kibble. The fajitas were tasteless. All three came with dried out rice and crusty beans. My wife thought her salad was good but mostly cut up lettuce. The four of us shared an order of sopaipillas which were tasty. The service was pretty inattentive given that there were only three tables of guests including us. Overall the food was bland and tasteless, the service poor to fair. None of us will return nor will we be asking the recommending couple for more dining suggestions.
1	We were very excited to find a Groupon for a new restaurant( New to us). After seeing a movie at Village Square, we headed over. It was 9:30 on  Sunday night of Mother's Day. Seated and waited. And waited. And waited. Finally a small basket of chips and one small bowl of salsa was brought. We Waited. We waited. We waited. 15 minutes after our initial  arrival, a waitress asked if we would like to order drinks. It was not busy, at least 85% empty. After receiving our drinks, the waitress asked if we wanted to order. I stated that I was Gluten Free and if the menu item I was interested in was gluten free. She had no idea what I was talking about.  How does this story end? After waiting for her return when we said we needed more time (she was busy talking to friends who had come in) we laid our Groupon printout down and left.
2	I originally gave a very good review for Chinita. The last two times we have gone the service was pretty bad.   My husband had to walk up to the bar to engage our waiter who was chatting with the bartender.  We had waited for over 15 minutes for him to see if we needed anything. We were the ONLY customers in the restaurant so it was not as if they were slammed.  I am pretty sad about this because it is so nearby and we really wanted to continue going.  Both times it has been the same waiter.  And no, it is not because we don't tip well.   Our son is a bartender and was a server.   We are generous tippers, we don't ask for anything changed in what we order.  It just seems that the initial aim to please has passed.
5	Decide to drop by at Chinita for lunch and I am glad I did. The food was deliciousI had mango margarita and Chinita sampler and ?Camarines al mojo de ajo and it was a great choice, love it. The bar tender was nice and warmth and friendly. The owner personally  greet with me. Will definitely come back again! Great place to eat will definitely come back again!
3	We were here on a Thursday at 6 PM and we were one of two seated tables - the place is empty!  Happy hour runs 3-6 and the bar area was pretty full because of that.  There is a nice party room in the back for a smallish party which is kind of a nice feature.  Groupon brought me here or I would've never known this place existed!  There is some outdoor seating out front if you're looking for that.  Inside is pretty, modern and nicely decorated.  I could've sat for hours . . . maybe.The menu is good size, lots of options -- lots to choose from, like many Mexican restaurants.  Chips and salsa here were yummy - no complaints there.  Average spicy, but that's ok as the kids were able to eat it comfortably. I ordered the carnitas burrito - it was good, it wasn't awesomely good, but it wasn't bad.  The rice and beans were microwave quality or canned quality, so I skipped anything more than a bite of those.  Hubby had the chicken & carne asada enchiladas and he too reported, "good, but not amazing".  Service - this is my pet peeve, why are you in a service position if you are inconvenienced by people?  Service was slow and sporadic.
3	Much improved. Staff is still great and the food is good. Plus came and hung out with friends while listening to the live music.We started with the Chinita Sampler, it gave everyone a quick taste. Just enough to get us hungry for more. The girls night is a big draw, time to kick back and talk.
3	Decent place overall.  The service was friendly and quick, and the atmosphere was nice.  The place was clean and well kept.  The food was the weakest link.  The quesadilla was decent, but had no cheese on or in it.  The rice was decent also although the portion was small.  The restroom was clean.
3	Their Mahi Mahi Taco's.... :)Tuesday all you can eat Taco's $10 bucks and $2 Tecates ;)Service.... Kept you from getting 5 stars, The Server was super rude, had a hard time splitting the Bill, Gave him cash and cards, and some how bank statements didnt match up seems like the cash was treated as tip.... On top of the 18% Gratuity... However Owner was really nice, gave us free drink card for our next visit :)
5	Absolutely love this place. Everyone needs to come here an eat!! Amazing customer service an most of all amazing food!! Highly recommend this place to anyone who loves Mexican food.
2	We were in on Thur night.  2 other tables around 8:30 pm.Decor is rather strange for a Mexican Restaurant.  Didn't feel very authentic.Price, the $5 margaritas were ok but a michelada served in a wine sized glass and you didn't get the rest of the beer.  We did tapas and they weren't bad.Service was really slow though.  Took 10 min just to get water and remember it was slow.Overall, the experience was ok at best. Too many other good places to eat.
4	I have eaten here 3 times in 3 months. Super consistent food, and totally tasty from start to finish.The house salsa has gotten better every time - perfect heat and well-seasoned, made with love.The carnitas fajitas are really, really good. Got the prawn fajitas this last visit and was happy with them, too. Generous portions = good value.Service can be a little thin, as all 3 times the entire restaurant was being served by a lone bartender. Would be 5-stars if my 35-min meal didn't take an hour every time! ;)
5	Great service from Sam. Food was fantastic and the menu gave plenty of choices. Will be heading back soon. Thanks again to Sam for the great service.
2	Only Pepsi products? No!!
5	I ate here yesterday before leaving Vegas. It's a really big restaurant outside of the crazy area of Las Vegas. The service was pretty on point when I was there. The owner made sure the items came out right. She saw a server bring out the beans and cheese not cooked well and she made him turn around and fix it. Glad to see that. It began getting busy here. I had the chips salsa and queso dip.The queso dip is to die for! Addicting ooey gooey cheese with chunks of chicken in it. The salsa here was extra good as well. I had to keep getting more and more chips. It's not authentic street Mexican food but it's great for what it is.
5	Wow.  Amazing.  Queso is like no other. A must try.  Shrimp Speciality entree was amazing. Spicy and flavorful!   Yummy restaurant!
2	The owner (I think) waited on us and was really nice. Unfortunately the food was not so great, and took way too long to come out.  There was only one other table in the restaurant, so there was no real excuse.The best item was my daughter's quesadilla, which was tasty, but is just cheese and tortilla that can't be messed up. My wife ordered a chicken burrito that she said was bland, and didn't care for the sauce on it. I got the Mahi tacos, which were just ok. The fish was fried crisp but still felt mushy, difficult to explain. The best item on my plate was the chipotle aioli.The $5 sangria was tasty and potent.I'm glad I waited to post this review, because my wife and I had upset stomachs the entire night and into the morning.  Chinita, please improve the speed and quality of your food for the prices you charge.
2	This is a place I can't imagine will still be here. First, horrible location. Second it is a large seating area which is almost always nearly empty everytime I pass by or go in.  Third, even though there was only 2 other customers in the place, not a single person approached us as we stood at the front desk waiting to be seated.  15 minutes we stood there waiting for someone to even notice us.  When we finally did sit down, we were again ignored for long periods of time.  Finally left because no one took our order.  In my humble opinion, you can't succeed with a Mexican Bar and Grill that has high prices for the same food you can get at the corner taco shop, especially in such a location with little foot traffic, poor visibility and bad customer service.
2	There was a party going on the night that we came and all of the service was focused on them. It took about 30 minutes to get our drinks and another 20 to get our food...45 minutes and the restaurant wasn't that busy! They also don't know how to use their open table reservations! One person was working for the first 20 minutes we were here. Not impressed!
4	The skinny Margarita was so good and refreshing. Fresh squeezed lime and agave. Had the fajitas and they were spicy and excellent. Love the location, close to home!
1	Went there 3x, first time was opening week and food was ok...second time, went with a friend because she wanted to try it out and she was buying.  Third and last time, went with my family...we ordered the fajitas, when we got the food it smelled funny...when we asked for them to check it out and possibly redo it they came back with a bigger portion.  Sounds awesome right?!Answer is....dead wrong.  My wife and I both got incredibly sick...diarrhea and vomiting.  I am almost positive that the cooks put something in the food to make us sick.  Our 2 yr old was severely dehydrated for daysNever never ever going back...I hope the owners wise up to what their cooks do when they are confronted with bad quality
