4	It's towards the end of summer and it's hot - it sounds like a spiral sliced ham day! However, I'm just one guy...I can't eat a whole ham by myself...or can I?Well worry no more ham (and turkey) connoisseurs as the Honeybaked Ham Company serves lunch or ham for 1.  I stumbled upon their store front while on a hunt for a Krispy Kreme following a bad day. I walked away with a ham sandwich and OMG it was like I was transported to the day after Christmas.  They serve turkey too but come on, it's called Honeybaked Ham, not Honeybaked Turkey.  Still, I assume that part is good too.  Sandwiches are so good that it's made my regular stop list.The sides are standard sandwich fare: bagged chips and can soda but nevermind that - it's just that good.  Just a warning: it's takeout only but now that the weather has started to cool, you can enjoy your ham goodness in your car while on a lunch break.
4	I use to think that Honeybaked Ham only sold Ham products so I never bothered because I dont eat beef or pork. When I found out they sell turkey products I was so happy. I actually got a sample when they had a booth in Ballantyne. I take my son here often and they know us. I went alone one day and couldnt remember exactly what he usually gets and the lady says I know what he gets LOL that was pretty awesome on top of the fact that they pile the meat on the sandwich and the slices are thick! They are not cheap and its awesome! Definitely a thumbs up, matter fact Im do for a sandwich soon LOL
5	Great sandwiches
4	So the only Honeybaked Ham location I know of is in Colma, CA. I think my cousin had a short stint of working there and hated it and I've never heard anyone else talk about it otherwise. When I was visiting my company's home office in North Carolina, Honeybaked catered and I was pleasantly surprised. Visited the actual location and grabbed a sandwich - was made very fresh, workers were cordial and it was free cookie Friday. $7 is a bit pricey for just a sandwich, but the meat is high quality and delicious!
3	Thanksgiving shopping is DONE! We went to HoneyBaked early Sunday afternoon and got the ham and the turkey and a few fixings. Very helpful staff who walked us through what we wanted and helped us determine the right quantities. It sure isn't cheap though!This stuff doesn't have to be bought the day before, ya know? You can get it a little earlier because the line tends to grow as the holidays approach.
4	After enjoying a Honey Baked Ham last Christmas, we decided to get one this year, instead of Turkey. I stopped in today, a little after 12:00 and was greeted by a friendly staff ready to answer any questions, make recommendations and show you a variety of hams, turkeys ( roasted or smoked ) to allow you to pick the one you want. I chose my ham, while I enjoyed the turkey samples they had available and was out the door. The staff was friendly, gave great service and I know we will enjoy our Christmas diner thanks to Honey Baked Ham.
