5	Reasonable priced classy clothing! They separate the store by colors.  In each section there are cute tops and dresses with matching accessories to go with! Awesome :)
4	This store makes me have an anxiety attack whenever I walk inside - but I'm okay with that. I have never seen so many women's accessories in one place. Rings, bracelets, necklaces, earrings, scarves sunglasses, flip flops, nail polish... You get my point. There are also some very cute clothes, sizes XS - L, but they seem to run small and sometimes seem overpriced. The store is coordinated by color so it's easy to find a quick necklace to match your outfit if you're in a hurry. Prices are reasonable and the range is ginormous. A fun store for females of all ages!
3	Typically when I'm in a Charlie's I have to make several passes around the place because I can't make up my mind with the many initial selections I've made.  Sadly with this last visit, and after my laps, I had zero in my basket :(  Not sure if the current store selections differ from my tastes, or maybe it was the multiple empty areas that needed to be restocked?  This location is certainly easier to get to if you're staying around the Strip, but it's a little difficult to find if you're unfamiliar with this shopping center.  And bring coin because it's paid meters unless you park in the lots nearby and hoof it.Appreciated this location was quieter than others I've been to and as usual the staff were friendly.
4	I love this store!  What girl doesn't?  Accessories, clothing, and purses are tops on my list to shop for and they're all here (at very decent prices).  I love that they separate things by color so if you're looking for something to match a specific outfit with it's so easy to find.  They definitely have cute things to complement your wardrobe but some of the stuff is a bit on the "cheaper" end, hence the prices.  So I like to buy things that I'll get a few uses out of but don't necessarily want to commit to for a very long time.  I could have fun browsing in here every single day!  I'll be back every time I'm in Town Square!
5	Fantastic customer service, and a beautiful beautiful store with fantastic items. The prices are incredibly reasonable but great quality. I love that everything in the store is color coded which makes it incredibly easy to shop, and pick what you want especially for someone like me who hates spending time shopping. When my grandmother visits from Sacramento, she always requests to go here and we spend a minimum of 2 hours here. If I am looking to buy a nice purse (my usual go-to) or earrings, I always go here first. Bag prices average around $40, though I bought a wallet on sale for $6 so it all varies. I love it here!
