5	I only come here for the $1 Tuesday ice cream. They have the Thrifty's ice cream which I used to love as a kid. The staff is always friendly and they seem to have a pretty cool selection of old school candies that I haven't seen in years.
5	We only come here for the water and in that regard there are no complaints about this place.There is no chlorine smell, faucets are all fast and the guys find your water card fast.
3	Not a bad store; not as well laid out as I'd like, but it's OK.  I've never seen the great use of taking a jug to a store to save 62 cents on water, but I do appreciate convenience for buying other drinks when I can find it.  Unfortunately, I'm miffed by the little things, and in this case, by being overcharged on sales tax on Coke.  Yes, it's only 12 cents more than every other store I've ever gone to, but it's frustrating that they can't get their systems correct to charge me the right amount.
5	I love coming here! The staff is fantastic, there's a huge chalkboard wall, candy, ice cream, shaved ice, drinks, plus water and ice of course. It's an amazing atmosphere. They have a wall filled with photos of customers. Best place to get great tasting water!
1	wtaf. I was craving a snow cone, and my trusty Yelp app found this place nearby.We were eventually able to find the kid that was working behind the counter, I asked if they sold snow cones, he said yes.From there it felt like I was interrogating him in order to find out more .. I asked what flavors and he pointed to a huge wall of bottles, how the hell I was supposed to determine what flavors they were is beyond me. I was eventually able to find a piece of cardboard on the counter that listed the flavors. We picked and he started snow-coning. When he was done he offered us sample spoons smaller than my pinkie, from a dirty styrofoam cup - and said they ran out of spoons and his manager told him to have people go to the burger joint next door and ask for a spoon.The hell? I'm not going to go into someone else's business and ask for a spoon because your manager can't cough up $10 and go to Costco. As for the snow-cone, they need to shave the ice finer.. that way I don't feel like I am eating crushed ice and syrup.
1	The owner said I couldn't rinse my water jugs out because he was running out of water? A water store running out of water? Really just lost a long time customer I could of filled up with less water I had 7 jugs never coming back.....
1	I am positive no one who reviewed this place got water delivery. Worst customer service ever! Every month there was s new issue and no one knows what end is up when you call. Horrible.
1	When I walk in a water store, I expect it to be prestine and smell fresh. Not this place! This place is disgusting!  Mold on the wall by the water faucets. Eeewww! All the candy is over priced. The ice cream tastes terrible. I will NEVER come back here. They should change the name to RUDE N NASTY.
1	I am so put off right now by this place that I actually unstalled Yelp on my phone to write a review! I just went to the vending machine outside the store. There was already a gentleman filling his bottles inside. I put in the standard $1.25 (.25/gal) for my water and the machine indicated that it is $1.50 for 5 gallons at this location. I was with my daughter at swim next door so I used this store as opposed to other stores that I regularly go to. I added the extra 25 cents and the machine proceeded to spit out water. I knew this meant that the water supply in the holding tank was low and it was barely spitting out the bottom of the barrel. As I was filling I noticed the sign hanging in the store that said water is 25 cents a gallon on Weds- no coupon,  no limit,  and all day. An employee was taking out the trash so I asked her why the machine asked for $1.50 since it was Wednesday. She said that it only counts inside the store. I pointed out that the sign didn't indicate that. She shrugged. I then asked her how the broke down 5 gals for $1.50 and she said that it's $1.53 for 5 gallons. Huh? She said they collect tax on water. I explained to her that I was the owner of not one,  not two,  but three Water and Ice stores for 10 YEARS and I know that they don't collect tax on water! On everything else,  yes,  but not on water. I then asked her if they are required to collect tax on water inside,  why weren't they required to collect it at the machine. Either they are cheating the customers inside by collecting taxes falsely  or they are cheating the government by not collecting taxes outside. Which is it? Needless to say,  I will not be returning to this store as there seems to be a lot of shady happenings there.
