1	Avoid this Burger King at all costs! I used to frequent this place often, but over the past two years it's become awful. I highly recommend going hungry should that be the only other option. The cheese is always dry, the chicken is always soggy, and the fries are freshly cold anytime of day. I've even had terrible breakfast sandwiches here, which should be a crime. It's not difficult to make a fast food experiences worse but the employees take the cake in that category.  Avoid if you value your stomach and have to have Burger King, try the one at Broadway and Priest, the quality is worth the trip.
2	I had been in meetings all day so having a healthy lunch went out the door due to the intense hunger pangs.  I decided I'd might as well go big or go home and just get a whopper slathered in mayo and ketchup.Figured it would be quick since there was one person in front of me and no one in the parking lot dining in....WRONG.  After 22 minutes, I finally pulled up to the window to give the person my debit card.  I waited some more and finally got my meal 10 minutes later.Only saving grace was the whopper and fries were piping hot; however it should not have taken over half an hour.  This is not what I call "fast" food.
2	The food is Burger King food. I don't have high expectations regarding quality. I do however expect that customer service will be at least up to par with other fat food joints. This morning, i pulled in to grab a quick sandwich before a long day of meetings. After the car in front of me got done ordering, i pulled up to the menu, and was greeted in the normal fashion. Provided my order and got a "thank you". No total. No instructions to pull forward. So I pulled forward. Then the wait started....3 minutes......5 minutes....*shuts off engine*.....7 minutes before the person in front of me was presented with their order.....then more waiting, as the car and the girl in the window carry on a conversation lasting approximately 2 minutes.When I finally got to the window. The employee asks "What did you want on that again?". I was a little taken back and said "So, my order has not been put in yet?". She snapped at me in a very matter-of-fact tone "NO".  Had she seemed even remotely understanding i would have just placed my order at the window. Instead I placed my money back into my pocket and began to pull away. At which point I received a very sarcastic "Byeeeeee".For the Owners/Manager/Operators: There is very little that distinguishes your food from the other fast-food joints. I don't go because it's better. I go because it's convenient to where I am at any given time. I will, however, give my business to locations that provide stellar customer service. If you aren't communicating the need for customer service to your employees, you are failing. If your employees are not providing at LEAST a minimum of proper customer service, then they are failing you, and your bottom line. I won't be going back to this location any longer for food, drinks, or the occasional shake anymore.
