5	Excellent service! Van is so nice and helpful. We bring our clothes here for cleaning and alterations and have never been disappointed!
5	Van is such a nice person and totally committed to quality.  I discovered her after discovering Nosh restaurant/bar next door so I tried her out and made the switch from a cleaner I've been using for years.  great to have really persona; quality service!
5	I was in Chandler AZ visiting family and needed a quick repair on my pants...bend, split, opps. Found Vans cleaners and alterations online. Took my pants to get fixed and the lady there, Van, was super friendly and as a bonus she did a great job fixing my pants! Wish the store was closer to home, id be a regular for sure!!
5	There were so helpful and so fast when I needed to have a couple dresses altered.  They had some great ideas and were very friendly and honest.  They gave me good advice not to alter a certain way because it increased the price of the alteration.  Most places try to trick you into doing the more expensive option,
5	Van is very experienced. She has fixed quit a few of my nice dresses. She replaces zippers and her prices are unbeatable!! I take all if my alterations to this shop. I have also used her dry cleaning services. She rocks!
5	I had to have 2 pairs of jeans altered and I found out about this place on yelp. Everyone had such great reviews that I decided to give them a try. They did GREAT!!! My jeans were ready in a reasonable amount of time and the work was great. The price was extremely reasonable also. I will definitely use them again!!!
5	I needed a suit jacket altered for my sister's wedding and was under a tight timeline. I made the right choice by going to see Van. She is clearly very knowledgeable about current men's styles and put me at ease regarding the suggested alterations. The end result looked even better than I had imagined. I will definitely be returning in the future.
5	Best Cleaner/Laundry in town!!! I could tell you some true horror stories about some of the cleaners in this metro area (especially about the one at Higley and Pecos), but the little lady that owns and operates this cleaner is by far the hardest working person I have ever known. She gets there early and leaves late 6 days a week. Her number one priority to make you happy and she goes out of her way to do so. I would bet that there isn't another cleaner in town that dry cleans your laundry first (to get out the stains) and then launders the clothing! Have a stain and think it's hopeless? take it here! I have seen her do amazing, impossible things with stains! She is a full service cleaner, have something delicate it gets even more attention here than you would imagine possible and she does custom alterations too! You have a choice of where you take your clothing, she knows it and wants to earn your business the old fashioned way, by doing right by you. I now drive 24 miles round trip each week to have her do my cleaning because I can trust her to do the best and treat me right!Thank you!
5	I took some material into Van's so she could make me 2 short panels for theatrical drapes that I would "bust through" during a show.  And material to make a "sash"...all of this for a fun speaking gig I was doing.She was wonderful!  She listened, help me decide what was the best way to do it, did a beautiful job...on time and perfectly!!I was very lucky that I found her (on Yelp) and all of the great reviews are true!  She's lovely and kind and does gorgeous work!Thank you, Van!!
