1	I have been a loyal customer for many years until recently.  Sunday morning I thought I'd take my car to get cleaned since it had been forever since I had done so.  I had never had an issue with their service until I came home and noticed my car was still dirty and the inside doors still had scuff marks on them.  A few weeks back I had ran over some gum and it got on the body of the car.  Well, they didn't bother to clean the gum off and I still had bird poop on the hood of my car.As soon as I walked in the door I called them and spoke to a very rude manager.  He implied that I put the gum there and the bird feces.  Um, don't think so.  I live in Central Phoenix and he demanded that I drive all the way back up there so he could see what I was talking about.  I told him that I had been a customer for almost 2 years now and he still called me a liar.  He told me the chances of me getting my money back are slim to none. I will make it my sole purpose in life to tell everyone I know never to use this car wash again.  Why would I spend $16.00 on a car wash just to put gum and bird crap on it myself?  I must love throwing money away like it's nothing.  LOL!Seriously, DO NOT USE THEM!
5	Got the exterior detail for $90. Comes with a regular $12 car wash. Added the $30 clay bar but once car was looked at after wash, manager told me clay bar was not needed so I had $30 refunded. Very classy. Great job on buffing the paint. My car just had the back bumper done after I just barely hit a wall while rear parking my car at the Chase downtown tower parking lot about a month ago. Had someone I met thru  a friend do it at his house but he left a lot of overspray. Had falling out with this gentleman, so to say the least I was extremely pleased & relieved to have my car looking brand new again for the most part at a low price. Touched up all the little water spots myself & came back and had a couple little panels buffed again for free. I will be coming back in 6 months to a year as I have a black car and I'm extremely obsessive about my car's paint. I may even start doing hand wash car washes here instead of doing it myself.
5	I had my car washed here over the weekend & I was pleasantly surprised. I was confused on how to get in exactly & an employee came over to me & pointed me in the right direction, thanks dude! Once I got my car in I let the dude know I had been on a couple road trips so there was a bug graveyard on the front of my car. There was a special going on for their full wash & interior cleaning plus a tire shine for about $25. Sweet deal & he didn't even push for me to get an extended package, unlike Cobblestone employees who push way too much of that shit on you. The waiting area was pretty small but it has some high top tables & chairs & the ac was blasting. There was a good amount of people there but my car was ready in about 20-30 minutes. I will definitely be back & more often than every 6 months...because my car sure does look pretty when she's all nice & clean! :)
5	I am very happy. My car looks much better. I had them put armor all on my tires and I had my headlights restored too.
4	I have used this car wash service as well as Danny's in the past. After a couple of years, I have decided Desert Auto Wash offers the better service. I think the prices are reasonable and I am satisfied with the cleanliness of my car each time.
5	This is a smaller car wash business but still offers full service detail like the larger ones.  They seem to do a better job while also taking less time to do so. One thing I like is that they don't have the windshield sharks trying to sell you a windshield, and as for the updates for the hand wax, they don't hassle you for saying no. I have used them for one hand wax / detail so far and did a nice job. There's a super target within walking distance so you can get some shopping done while your car is getting detailed.   I just got the basic wash for my F-150 for less than $10.00 and it looks great. Another great job.  They have been consistent over the last year I have lived nearby and will use them over Danny's any day.
2	I chose to get "the works" Staff was professional and courteous. The rags they use should be thrown out or not used as often. My truck had residue left over from the rags everywhere. I suggest asking them to use new or fresh rags. There was a small part on my truck that needed to be taped just in case while it ran through their car wash. They never took the tape off. Aside from the staff being nice and polite, there isn't really any reason for me to go back there.
1	We use this car wash on a pretty regular basis, and it's usually okay, not great, but better than the Danny's car wash down the road.  My daughter took her car in, and when she got it back they had sprayed so much Armour All on the dash and the vents, that it shorted one of her display on her dash.  The Armour All was dripping down her dash when she brought it back to have her Dad take a look at it, so he went back to the car wash with her, to see if he could resolve the situation.  The manager or whoever was the main guy there, immediately got defensive and said that the display was probably shorted out prior to the car wash.  My husband replied, this is almost a brand new car, and do you see the Armour All dripping down her dash and vents???  He immediately got angry and said no refunds, my husband said fine, we won't be bringing any of our vehicles back here, and that's when it started to get out of control.  The manager was yelling to get off his property, and waving his finger at my husband, who normally is very calm and respectful, but felt like he was being attacked and needed to defend himself.  My husband told him to get his finger out of his face, and the guy was like "or what"!  Who does business like that?  My husband walked away, and the manager was now screaming obscenities at my husband, who promptly turned around and walked back and was ready to fight at this point.  Again who runs their business like this?  They finally parted ways after a heated exchange and left without it coming to blows, but seriously, all this guy had to do was offer a refund of the car wash, we weren't even asking for him to replace the shorted out display, and he would have kept our whole family as customers.
4	Like many people, I was tired of the exorbitant prices and low-quality washes at Danny's Family car wash. Every time we brought our car there, they would miss some large portion of the cleaning...dirty carpets, windows still spotted, etc. I had noticed some coupons for Desert Auto Wash in one of the mailers that we get. We had been to this place when it was owned and named differently, and the wash was adequate, but not great. We decided to give the new Desert Auto Wash a try. As a forewarning, they aren't particularly fast, but if you have some time you'll be happy you came here. They offer many of the same options as Danny's, but the prices are a little better. With the coupons the prices were really good. After you park the car and hand over the keys you enter into the waiting area and front desk. It's not as fancy as some of the other places, but there's some seats and a TV, so you can relax while they're washing your car. I didn't browse too much, because it was so nice outside that we wanted to wait there. Upon exiting the inside, there is a big courtyard that leads to the outside waiting area. There are concrete benches and three  or four big chairs in the outside waiting area. The coolest part of the car wash experience is out here, too. They have a self-serve popcorn machine with popcorn bags! You can load up as many times as you want and munch away while waiting. What a great idea! For those of us that bring kids along, their attention is occupied by this wonderful popcorn experience.The employees that dried and did the finishing work on our car opened up everything to make sure all of the nooks and crannies were clean. We were very satisfied with the outcome of our wash.This place does detailing work as well. When we were there during Valentine's day they were offering dirt-cheap hand-waxing as part of a V-day promotion. Unfortunately, we didn't have enough time to take advantage. I think they are trying to compete with the bigger washes, so they're offering great prices and perks until they're more well known.
4	Got my car cleaned and a few extras including my headlights done. Good prices. Got me through on my lunch hour. I highly recommend.
4	Nothing fancy but great customer service and decent prices. I've came here several times and I've never had a problem. Very good at detailing.
5	Quick, efficient, and friendly. I had my truck washed and needed the interior shampooed as well and the guys got right on it. The attendant even went over to the detailing guys and told them I was in a rush so they wouldn't dauttle and they didn't. My truck was spotless and they told me if I'm unhappy for any reason I could come back and they'll fix anything they missed. I really appreciate the quick work and their prices are very reasonable compared to Danny's carwash down the street.
2	I just got home after paying $125 for a "Super Elite wash" and an engine detailing. Upon returning home I noticed both watermarks all over the exterior, and many spots that looked like they didn't even get touched.  I was told the package I got was normally over $200, but it was a labor day special today. I can tell you, if I did pay over $200 and got this quality back, I might be writing the States Attorney, or Better Business Bureau, instead of a post on Yelp. That seems fraudulent. Heck, $125 for what I got back seems horrible enough.They had my Jeep for literally over 3 hours (some of that time was to let the engine cool down, which I understand). For that amount of time, and the money I did pay, I am extremely disappointed with the turn out. I will not be back.The staff definitely was friendly and courteous, which is why I gave 2 stars, and not 1. And if you are getting a quick $10 wash (which I've done from them several times) it's fine. This time, I pretty much got the same service as the $10 wash, minus the engine cleaning (I wouldn't call it an engine "detailing," by any means), for $125. Not cool.
5	These guys do a great job. Brought my filthy truck in here and they ran it through 2x without bring asked.
