2	Beware of a residential property being represented by Osselaer. They slow with inquiries and paperwork and will nitpick you on move out with a good amount of fees. Seriously, who charges you for leaving a satellite dish?
2	I own a property managed by Osselaer for the past 8 years now and the HOA managed areas appearance are in a state of decline while HOA fees increase every year.  Most recently I have gotten a stern weed warning even though my property has very little to no weeds and has more appeal than 80% of the other properties in the neighborhood.  I am not sure if its the lack of leadership in the HOA board or Osselaer to blame for poor pool contracting and weed fines but either way they are doing a poor job.  I would give them 1 star but have been happy that Karen typically returns my call within 24 hours.
1	I own a property managed by the Osselaer for a little over a year now. I have had problems with my landscaping and have addressed my property manager for the sweetwater vista's as well as a letter to their president. The result? Nothing. It is like I am a joke to them. Their policy? As long as you send in your quarterly check they can go on ignoring you and downsize your simple requests. I am really..how hard is it to trim some bush's and turn on water trips. Sure I do not mind doing those things, I enjoy them actually..but thats what I pay over a $1000 a year for. I dont pay that much money for someone NOT to do their job. When considering a home managed by these people, do yourself a favor. DONT CONSIDER IT. You will be very dissapointed and your needs will not be met.
1	I own a second home in a community managed by Ossalaer,  The community I live in does not have mail service, yet Ossaler sent all correspondence including sewer fees and HOA dues to the physical address.  I found out from Ossalaer themselves that all mail was returned, yet they continued to send to that address.  Finally I got a letter from an attorney's office stating that there was a lien on my house due to unpaid sewer and HOA dues.  What morons, for 15 months they continued to send mail there. Everyone else including Navajo county tax recorder had my mailing address, and the HOA themselves.  Yet, Ossalaer didn't bother to find a correct mailing address. When I called them they were absolutely no help either.  I finally got it straightened out through my HOA board.
1	0 STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!WORSE PROPERTY MANAGEMENT COMPANY I HAVE ENCOUNTERED!!!!!!!!!I am a RENTER and it takes an act of congress to get these people to send someone out, then it takes a second act of congress to have these clowns that they hire to actually fix the issues!!!!!!!!!!!EVERY RENTER on 10th Place has had nothing but bad things to say about this company.My dishwasher has been broke and leaking for over 2 months and they have not taken any initiative to fix it.Our A/C unit, which is too small for our unit size, has been leaking INSIDE THE HOUSE and they have no urgency to fix this after repeated calls. I WOULD STRONGLY RECOMMEND AVOIDING THIS COMPANY AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	I live and own my property for 11 years and the HOA will not do anything about the animal problem that has been happening for the past two years.  This cat keeps coming to sleep, release its feces, attacking birds and eating them on my property.  The HOA property manager Judy O'Claire tried to put blame on the Glendale Code Compliance as well as vice versa.  Nobody wants to take responsibility and now I have to confront the neighbors at 6402 W Lawrence Lane, hopefully I don't get shot at.  I don't understand why this management company does not take responsibility and continues to not enforce the CC&Rs.  For nine years they kept sending me warnings about my garbage containers being exposed on my yard and a few weed warnings which was not true, and now I have to deal with somebody else's wandering pet because the darn property manager thinks it's my problem.  Those neighbors need to stop feeding all the cats from this and other neighborhoods and start taking responsibility or jail, including Osselaer Company who will land in jail too.  Judy O"Claire is a racist and discriminates against disabled homeowners, she will deceive that she does not know who I am when I have confronted her over two dozen times during the 11 years I've lived there.  Beware if you are having problems with the property managers, go to the president of the company.
1	I own a property which is managed by this company and the HOA.  Very unhappy with both.  For 4 years never one complaint. Then my next door neighbor gets elected President and right away he picks on me.A little history: 4+years ago before I purchased I called Osselaer to find out if the CC&Rs prohibited flying a flag.told at that time it didn't. Now years later I am in violation for my flag.  Nowhere did it say you  couldn't have potted plants outside in the rocky area,nowhere did it say you could not put up windchimes, signs, metal artwork, etc. I raise some of my own herbs and vegetables for my consumption as you can't buy any fresh ones that taste the same. They.  were sitting in pots on a piece of APS equipment on the easement. APS says they are too heavy.  So, Aps, myself, and property manager Jenny meet and she comes up with idea to remove shrubs on side of garage and to move them there. She send her crew who did this. Now this neighbor is complaining about these and objecting because they are TOMATO plants.The point being is that there are owners here who have huge planters and for 30 years never received a violation letter. I am receiving letters and being fined $25 per day until this is cured.I have removed many plants, windchimes, flag, sign, etc with only the tomato plants and a few cactus plants remaining. He is still not satisfied. I still have a gift my my grandkid of a southwestern Indian village hanging on a wall that cannot be seen except if you are standing directly at my front door which I am afraid he will still insist that I remove.I think this company should stand behind what was told to me about the flag years ago and also fee there should not be the discrimination that is now happening. they should also stand up for the decision on the tomato plants made by their representative Jenny Owen.Since the time I received the violation letter which was so vague they have now written rules and regulations.  they must have come to my unit to write them as everything I had in front was now in these R&Rs.I will never again buy a property with management by Osselaer. this has left such a  bad taste in my mouth that I  will probably avoid a sudivision under any HOA
1	A lot of these comments are familiar. Osselaer does offer poor service, high prices and a bad attitude at every level of the company. The solution is to work with your board or to get elected to your board and fix the problems yourself. If you permit a lousy vendor to make your life unhappy, then you allow your own misery. Just change. Make an improvement. Get a better vendor. You will be proud that you did.
