3	It's the same as any other El Pollo Loco I've been to anywhere.  The food is okay, and it's consistent.  I like that they play Spanish music here, and that most of the clientele speaks Spanish.  I'm trying to learn Spanish, but I'm not trying very hard.  Still, every time I come I end up with one more word or phrase in my vocabulary.
4	I stop here often on my way home, I like the hard chicken taco and side loco salad. It's perfect especially since I don't cook often since I live alone and it's affordable. The ice tea is good too! I like the chicken plates too, and the salsa bar is good!
4	I hardly ever eat at El Pollo Loco, but when I do..it's for their pollo bowl. Their pollo bowls are not only cheap, but super filling as well! It comes with rice, beans, chopped pieces of chicken, salsa, onions, and cilantro. That's everything you need in one $5 bowl! If you are in a rush, this is definitely the El Pollo Loco to visit. Not even 2 minutes after I placed my order, they already had it prepped and ready for me to take to my table. I have never seen service so fast at a fast food restaurant before! I know they prepped it right after I ordered because the kitchen is open and visible behind the cashier. The pollo bowl tasted perfect and I would definitely come back here if I ever need a quick lunch or snack.
3	Fire grilled chicken...Do I give them an extra star for having healthy eats? I don't know. I don't like giving chain restaurants more than 3 stars!This place seems pretty authentic...they have an orchata machine. I don't think I am a fan of that rice, cinnamon drink combo though.  Hey, to each, their own!  Concerned with the pricing versus portion size however.  I hate paying a premium price for anything, and getting a little bit of product in return.  I don't like paying that much and possibly feeling hungry afterwards.  I could have gone to another chain restaurant, and eaten off the dollar menu, and ensured myself a full stomach.  Good taste and skin crunch to the chicken. You can taste the spices on the chicken, which is always a plus in my book. Bland fowl...is well..fowl!  Sorry, had to do it!  Sides are decent in taste, presentation, yet not portions. Macaroni and cheese actually tasted as if they put some time and thought into it.  Corn cake had nice texture and sweetness.All in all, not a bad place.  If it is around, I would make stops here on occassion.
4	If I have to choose drive thru for dinner it is either In-N-Out or El Pollo Loco. There chicken is always cooked well and I love their seasoning/marinades. I usually only get the the thighs accompanied by a salad or just cole slaw and that is it. I do not venture too much, just an occasional order of the churros. The place has not let me down yet so I will keep this location in my rotation.
2	Nothing out of this world... 1/2 of our 10 piece meal was pretty burnt and undersized. The other half of our order was cooked properly and we enjoyed it.However, the cashier was very unprofessional during our visit and spoke to me and other customers as if he was hanging out with his buddies, rather than serving paying customers.
4	My favorite place.  I love their Tostada Salad lines so much. I love the salsa also.  I miss the caramel Fran, which is no longer available. Chicken is also good.  Sure I often visit there for.  One downside is I feel their Ice tea does not taste well to me.
