5	This place can be found in the Riviera Hotel food court.  I used to work across the way on Convention Center drive, and this is absolutely the best Mexican chain restaurant in town, and I'm generally not a fan of fast food, but this one is exceptional. Your meal is made to order, from scratch, and always quick. Don't skip the salsa bar! They have 6 or more fresh made salsas to choose from, as well as escabeche and fresh onions and cilantro so that you can garnish as you like.My favorites are the Fajita Platter, Mahi Mahi burrito, and Overstuffed Burrito with Chicken.Try this place, you won't regret it. :)
1	I love La Salsa, but this particular location gets one star for giving me the flimsiest "overstuffed" burrito I've ever had. Those who know me know there is nothing I hate more than getting shorted on my meat portions. La Salsa in The Riviera is now #1 offender on my list.
3	Decent place for some fast Mexican food. Reasonably priced for Vegas. Located in the Riviera casino food court.  Good alternative to the over priced buffets. The taco shell was light and crisp... Almost finished the whole thing.  They have margaritas by the yard. 100 oz for about $30.
4	La Salsa is the type of Mexican food that I can't get since I moved to the east coast, there's too much of a Cuban influence there, which isn't bad but isn't Mexican.  Junky being in Las Vegas for a week, I made sure to eat here once a day & relive memories of my youth in California eating true Mexican food in little dives. You won't be disappointed unless you think Taco Bell is actually Mexican food.
4	Steak tacos were delicious! The salsa was ok. The rice was also ok. I would def. come back for the steak tacos!
4	Very good tacos with fresh tagging ingredients. Got the chicken burrito, with their salsa and guacamole, everything felt freshly sliced and authentic if you will. Wasn't a huge meal, small bag of plain corn chips and about a quarter pound burrito, but decent for 7 bucks, and another place that you get a deal with the coupon book when you check in.
3	Had the shrimp tacos. They were pretty good. A little on the expensive side for fast food.
3	Its a great price for food, especially on the strip in vegas, but this is pretty far from the main part of vegas. The service was great and was very nice. Food taste wise was ok, i've had better. Its not your chipotle or taco del mar burrito if that is what you are expecting.I'd give it 4 stars for price, quantity and service. I give it 2 1/2 stars for taste.There is a salsa bar for your chips which is nice.
4	Although the lady that took my order could be a little more nicer I am cool with it and my order was on point. Like any other La Salsa you got your traditional prices and menu. Taste good and accurate. Will return before I leave.
