5	Ditto on jim j's earlier review! Went for lunch today on a Groupon promotion. Had the standard pulled-pork sandwich that was great, with flavors not found in the typical sandwich. Great cole slaw, too. Then, to use the balance of the Groupon, took home a half-rack of pork ribs. Haaven't consumed them yet, but a sample made it hard to save it! You'll be hard-pressed to find better. Note: This is the former "Notorious P.I.G" at this location, no longer affiliated with the Desert Ridge location of that name. They changed ownership and the name to differentiate themselves, and they do stand apart!
4	I braved the reviews and decided to try this place out anyway. Sorry to anyone that has Ill feelings but unfortunately we do not know the truth and can only comment on the current, as we see it. It took me two u-turns to actually find the place but that is because I did not look at the address before I left. It is located on the North East side behind the Oil changing place. The building was bigger then I had expected and I liked the colors of the exterior. I walked in stuck me head in the bar and the waiting room and no one was there to greet me. It took about 2 full min which feels like forever for some reason. The owner (I assume) seated me in the bar while I waited for Ryan C. The interior was clean and inviting. I liked the bar setup. The bar tender/waitress helped me with a cold drink while I waited. I usually wait for Ryan for just about everything. LOL I looked over the menu and the the lunch specials are killer. $4 for a 1/4lb pork sandwich with a side. WOW We both had pork sandwiches one with fries and one with salad. The meat was good, we each had one hunk o fat but the texture and flavor (before sauce) was good. The meat was a little too greasy and soaked the bottom bun while dripping out as well. The spicy sauce was good but not too spicy. The blue cheese was lacking. All in all I had a great lunch. I would go back and use my REST.com coupon for dinner.
3	There are times when people have referred to another person's review and said, "So-and-So said it all, I really have nothing to add." Well, in this case, it is literally literal. Daren C said pretty much what I would have said, as far as an objective description of the place and what went down. http://www.yelp.com/biz/hammered-hog-bbq-hall-and-saloon-phoenix#hrid:tVZ6FRcn8Osi0QsJT4beNQ However, I have to part from my wise brother in my rating. Although I believe we felt the same about the fact that the meat had a really good, smokey flavor, it was too greasy for me to enjoy that flavor. The bottom of the bun sponged up so much that it was soaked, and a light squeeze produced a stream and puddle. Eww. The meat and sauce had good flavor, so there's potential, but the grease just overpowered it so much, and I fear the repercussions that may be to come.
1	Took the family (husband, 3 yr old son & 1 yr old daughter) for an "early" Saturday nite dinner out for "family nite". Called at 5pm to see if they take reservations - "no, no hostess tonite". Got there at 5:45 to get a little head start. We were 4th in line (no hostess, no wait list) and waited our turn that took about 1/2 hr. We were seated to then wait another 1/2 hr with absolutely no acknowledgement of our presence. It was a bit frustrating to see the table seated after us drinking their sodas and eating their appetizers. Have I already mentioned I was there with 2 small children? I waved down one of the 3 waiters to let him know we still hadn't been brought water nor had our beverage order (let alone our food order) been taken. He told me he would "take our table" and be right back. 5 min later after checking on other tables and not returning to ours, we packed up the kids and left. Many guests still waiting for a table asked us if we ever got waited on...nope. They followed suit and left right behind us.  Never got to try the food - just know it was probably the worst service we've ever encountered. Too bad.
4	Nice casual atmosphere.  Friendly and attentive staff.  One of the owners was checking with all of the patrons to insure they were satisfied.  Turns out her daughter was our server.  Overall I was very satisfied with the meal and the service.  Cost was appropriate for the style of food and atmosphere.  Portions were generous save for the sides.The onion rings, which I usually don't eat, were excellent.  Same goes for the cole slaw with the optional bleu cheese dressing - Nice twist ("blue" on the menu, but give them a break.  It's a BBQ place.  Leave your high brows at home.)  Mac & Cheese made with real cheese.  Not sure what kind of cheese, but the flavor was light and tasty.  The baked beans were quite good with some pork added for that little extra BBQ taste.  Nice balance of sweetness with plenty of brown sugar and, I believe, a hint of molasses. I thought the  portion sizes for the sides was on the light side, particularly considering they came with a platter portioned for 3 to 4 people.  I really enjoyed those sides an would have appreciated a bit more.  Not that there wasn't enough meat to satisfy my appetite... We ordered the family platter so we could sample most of the meats.  The pulled pork was OK for pulled pork.  It's never been one of my favorites so don't let me dissuade you if it's your thing.  The chopped brisket and ribs were acceptable, but I've had better at Famous Dave's.  The hot links were marvelous, however if you like yours very spicy they are not for you.  To me they were perfect and delicious with just enough spice to make them interesting.Like most restaurants I've patronized, some menu items I liked and others I did not.  I found enough items that I truly enjoyed at Hammered Hog to return again.
5	This place used to be the Notorious P.I.G. now it's called Hammered Hog BBQ Hall & Saloon and it's still owned by the same owner.  Had a Snag and Save e-gift certificate from when the place was still called the Notorious P.I.G.By the time I was ready to use the e-gift certificate, SnagandSave.com was bought out by Buywithme.com and my SnagandSave purchases disappeared.Luckily, I had print out the receipt and even though I did not have the actual e-gift certificate, the owner (who could have not honored the e-gift certificate 1. because I did not have the actual e-gift certificate 2. because the place was now called Hammered Hog BBQ Hall & Saloon, a completely different restaurant) honored my receipt and give me $30 worth of tasty bbq.How coooooooolllllllll is that!?  An owner with a sense of integrity!!  I really hope this restaurant becomes a success just because the owner is so righteous.Plus, the bbq was tasty too!
3	Food was great! Fall off the bone ribs. Succulent brisket. Authentic BBQ fare like hush puppies, collard greens, cowboy beans and cornbread.Service was disappointing. Our initial server was great but soon was replaced by another guy who was too pre-occupied with a large party and activities at the register. Had trouble getting his attention.Nice clean facility. Overall good. Try the Oreo Balls for desert!
4	We hit this place around 2pm on a Saturday. Sat on the "saloon side" (which we think should have some swinging doors separating it from the restaurant side to lend an air of authenticity).Oddly enough, this place has happy hour 7 days a week. So, we decided to order a selection of things from the HH menu. Sliders, taquitos (wrapped in a "pastry dough"? not a corn tortilla), poppers (which are cream cheese filled AND wrapped in bacon), wings (smoked then sauced), and street tacos (again, not a corn tortilla). We covered all the bases; brisket (sliders), pork (various) and links (also sliders). Have to say - everything had a nice smoke to it. Good smoke ring, good flavor without being too cloying. I tend to like my hot suace with a kick, so poured on a bit of Habanero sauce. The sauce wasn't bad at all - but no hint of habanero to be found. Maybe it was labeled wrong. The "fruity" dipping sauces that some items come with - we weren't impressed with, as neither of us like our BBQ sweet. The bar staff is attentive, and knowledgeable. Good at orders too. Jen took our entire order, with our modifications and requests - without writing anything down, and got it all right!  Nice job. Beer selection is good, with plenty of indy and microbrews represented. Many are available as HH offerings. You can even get PBR in a can for a buck if it's that kinda day...If you are a bourbon drinker, you'll be happy here. Nothing too spectacular, but they have a decent selection of small batch stuff and Jack single barrel stuff (yes I realize Jack is NOT bourbon). On Sundays, you can get a free breakfast with a beverage ordered. So, might be a great place to catch a race or game on TV (they have some nice falt panels on both sides of the place), sip some mimosas or Mary's and have a bite to eat. What kinda BBQ is it? Depends. Seems the owner has grown up with a variety of styles - so there's a bit of Carolina, some Texas, some KC...you'll probably find something you like!Happy Hour grub will run you $4 an item, with beers less than that. If you are looking for some good smoked food, and a nice selection of bevs to wash it down with - definitely hit this place up. You'll find it behind the Jiffy Lube, on the East side of the street.
3	I checked this place out recently.  It used to be called the "Notorious P.I.G." but got a name change in the last couple of months.  It's hard to say what changes were made since the name change because inside everything looks the same.   I ordered a full rack of ribs with sweet potato fries, macaroni and cheese and a corn bread muffin.I ordered the ribs with the sauce on them.  The ribs fell of the bone and were very tender.   There were two types of sauce on the table, Kansas City and Smokehouse Habenero.  I tried both but was not that excited about either of them. They missed the wow factor.  Now, what does have the wow factor is their sweet potato fries and their macaroni and cheese.  OMG, these both were incredible!  The sweet potato fries are crunchy and delicious.  They are great with ketchup.  The mac and cheese is the best I have ever had.  REALLY!  It was super cheesy and was made with bigger macaroni noodles.  The corn bread muffin was dry.  That was a bummer.I wish this place had more comfortable chairs in the dining area but the chairs at the bar are comfy so next time maybe I'll eat at the bar.I was there on a Wednesday and they had live music @ 6:30 in the bar. The band sounded nice.  I'm giving this place three stars because I am holding out the hope that the rib tips will be better.  I ordered those a lot when this place was Notorious P.I.G.Worth another shot I'd say.
1	I wanted to give it another chance.  Unfortunately, I had the same experience as I did when it was the Notorious P.I.G. Service was awful. Food had it's highlights, but they ruined it with the sides.
2	So my wife loves loves loves BBQ food and It was her birthday dinner so I took her to The Hammered Hog BBQ hall and saloon. (for the 1st time) Now we live 1 mile away from Famous Daves BBQ and HHBBQ is prob 12 miles away but i thought we would try a new place out. NOT impressed! The food was greasy and the BBQ sauce was not up to par. Our ribs were over cooked and the corn bread was as dry as the sierra! Our 7 year old son wen along with us there were no kids menus or anything for them to draw on or color with. The pulled pork was OK but not great. In other words don't waste your time! Go to Famous Daves BBQ and get some of the best BBQ in the state! Service was good people were nice but not worth the drive!
5	I was very impressed. The outside didn't suggested very much but the service and food was very good. My whole family enjoyed it. I will definitely be going back and telling my friends about it. The price was very reasonable, and the food sizes were decent.
4	Saturday & Sunday free breakfast w/purchase of a drink..& It is a good breakfast....While you are grinding & getting your eyes open you get your ears & feet working with "Dry Heat" ol'school blues three piece w/ a mystery drummer from 10:00 AM to 2:00PM.. We have had a couple of fun mornings and early afternoons drinking & eating at The Hammered Hog!Then it's time for lunch and we order the combo a little taste of all the the meats,sides of sweet potatoes,& salads..we went home happy!
5	Killer bbq. Had the 3 meat platter with brisket, chicken and sausage. All good. Best part is they serve it plain and you add your sauce. This allows you to taste the meat. Try the collard greens for a down home treat! Cowboy beans were best I've had since last trip to Pinnacle Peak Patio.
4	We went late on a Sunday night and almost had the place to ourselves.  Seems like it could be a good super casual neighborhood hangout, but would have to see what it's like at other times.  We tried the family platter (serves 3-4), which included 4 big ribs, generous piles of pulled pork, brisket and hot links, 4 sides, and 3 corn muffins.  Our favorites were the ribs (falling off the bone tender) and hot links, which were both gloriously smoky.  I read other reviews that said the meats were greasy, but that was not the case this time.  The blue cheese cole slaw was a wonderful new taste treat.  They have a great draft beer menu.  We were curious about a couple of the beers that we'd never tried, and they gave us each a small taste to try before ordering.  We chose the Breckenridge Vanilla Porter - wonderful!
1	Perhaps if I were "hammered" I would have enjoyed this meal better... I was sorely disappointed in this BBQ spot. I ordered take-out on a Sunday, and when I arrived I felt something was off right away. The place was dead... Not one person in the gigantic dining room, only two people working there sitting at a table looking bored. The bar however was pretty lively, maybe I should have just sat down and had a beer instead of getting food. Ribs - all char and fat, barely any meat and extremely overcookedPulled pork - lacked flavor and came in a canister of greaseThe sides, corn (half a cob is considered a side for two??) Cheese grits, worst I have ever tried, dry and flavorlessCornbread - perhaps if it was used as a dry spongeBBQ Sauce - disappointing at best, watered down and we were only given 2 tiny containers (like salsa sides).Peach Cobbler - canned peaches poured in to a container with a crumble on topI really don't like writing scathing reviews, but  there was not one redeeming item in our meal. There are tons of great BBQ joints in Phoenix, this is not one.
2	Two stars for the serving staff being so great. I have been there a half dozen times and each time we go the experience is worse than the last. The food is progressively getting worse and the portions smaller. My husband and I will not be returning.
4	I have been here a few times (both before and after the name change) and have seen changes that I don't like.I have to admit though, the Hot BBQ sauce and the 3 meat combo are great, the staff is attentive and atmosphere is conducive to a nice meal. I do miss the half-chicken meal, but I understand that if a menu item isn't selling, it has to go!
1	I have to give a one star simply because this place has progressively gotten worse with each visit. Without a doubt this place was the best place to get BBQ two years ago. The owners were always there, the food was always hot, and the cornbread you wrote home about.Then they tried to expand and ruined a good thing. The quality of food is comparable to a Wendy's and the interior is like that of a truck stop. To go into anymore details regarding this place would be just to see how many ways I could say disappointed. As a person who enjoyed what used to be, I can longer give hammered hog my money and watch them waste it on this low quality of food
5	Finally! A real BBQ place in Phoenix. The hammered hog is the one of those places where you just want to hang out all day and stuff your face. Amazing food with all different types of BBQ and some amazing homemade creations, (the smoked pork tamales are killer!) my kids love it and I also love hanging out at the bar when they aren't with me. You have to check this place out!
3	I believe that this might be related to the Notorious P.I.G. restaurant which I didn't like.  Even if it is, I'm not holding it against them.  Small unassuming restaurant with good prices.  A giant platter capable of feeding five people (and having some leftovers) is about $30.00The platter came loaded with brisket, smoked hot links, pulled pork and pork ribs.  It had four sides and four pieces of cornbread.  We were stuffed.  The cheesy grits and cheesy macaroni and cheese were really really cheesy.  The two taste pretty similar though.  So I would get one or the other.  Baked beans were standard as were for the mac and cheese.The meats are very well smoked, and will taste of smoke.  They will not taste of much else though and you will have to add the sauces.  One is a tangy K.C. style sauce, the other is a smokey habenero which is not spicy at all but has just a smidge of heat.  Both sauces are on the table and you can sauce as much or as little as you like.  The sauces really transform the meat, without it all you taste is smoke.  With the sauces they transform the meat entirely.Overall, its a good value for decent food.  Its not going to necessarily replace Honey Bears in my heart, but not a bad place and good value.
4	Went to this place cuz its by the house, and WOW, it was super good!  VERY casual, and laid back... red checkered table clothes, live music (open Mic) and big screens in the bar area...  $5 Happy hour food, cannot beat that !!  Very smoky, moist pulled pork - mmmmm.  And dont forget to try an Oreo ball for dessert!!  I also suggest you try the Extra cheesy Macaroni and cheese!!!!!!!
3	The first thing you need to know is that I moved to Arizona from Texas and I love me some barbecue!  You might even call me a barbecue snob...On our first visit we ordered the family platter.  It was a huge amount of food and a good value for the price.  The ribs were the hands-down winner of the meat taste test.  They were hefty and delicious, but lacked the super smoky flavor I have become accustomed to and love so much.  You may order the the ribs with or without sauce. The hot links were delicious, but not unlike hot links I have had everywhere else.  Not an item that set most barbecue joints apart from one another, in my opinion.  The pulled pork and chopped brisket came in last due the the sogginess and lack of flavor.  Yes I want my meat to be moist, but I don't want it to have flavorless water-like juice seeping from it as I pile it onto soft, delicious white bread meant to soak up greasy, fatty meat drippings.  The sides were also hit or miss.  The cornbread was good, but nothing special.  The collard greens were okay, but decidedly bitter.  The macaroni and cheese was tasty and unique.  It used mediums shells rather than elbow noodles and the cheese sauce was rich and creamy.  It reheated wonderfully.  The hush puppies were AWESOME!  Possibly the best I've eaten in a restaurant.  Our second visit was better because we stuck to the items that we liked the best from our previous trip.  We got a rack of ribs with, you guessed it, macaroni and cheese and hush puppies. There were all as enjoyable as we had remembered.  This time we had to try the oreo balls.  They were great, but you could get a pack of fudge dipped oreos and enjoy virtually the same flavor for a much lower price.Main thing to remember about the Hog is: You don't want to leave without eating, at least a few, hush puppies!
3	We met some friends and family for dinner last week at the Hammered Hog.  This is a pretty standard BBQ joint with the additional upside being the full bar and selection of Arizona beers.The service was very good, we had both a waitress and bartender look in on us frequently.  My wife and I split the $30 family platter, which came with pulled pork, brisket, baby back ribs and hot links.  All the the barbecue was very good.  Whoever runs the smoker knows what they are doing, everything was tender and smokey.  My wife really loved the hot links but they could have been spicier for my taste.  The real letdown was the side dishes.  The platter came with a choice of 4 and we ordered mashed potatoes, collard greens, mac & cheese and hush puppies.  The hush puppies we bland and greasy and the bachamel in the mac & cheese was broken. The mashed potatoes were marginal but the greens were pretty good.  The table also ordered onion rings and jalapeno poppers. The rings were huge but flavorless and oily however the poppers were really good.  Be warned though, they were very spicy.I'd definitely return for the barbecue but I think I'll pass on the sides next time, with an exception to the collard greens.
1	I actually signed up for yelp just to review this place. So with that out of the way here is my first review.I had been wanting to try this place for awhile as I live right around the corner; But, my wife had heard some bad things and refused to go with me. Luckily, I have a friend who is as bold as I am when it comes to taking leaps of faith into dives.So, we walked into this place around 2 p.m. on a Tuesday afternoon and the restaurant is completely dead. Excluding a few bar patrons ogling the girl working the bar. My buddy and I continue to stand about for a couple of minuets before we're told to seat ourselves, at which point we get away from the bar and seat ourselves in the back corner of the dining room as to dodge the lingering smell of something burnt plaguing the eating area.We get our menus and our drink orders are taken. After taking a look at the menu I was fairly excited as all of it sounded delicious. The price point was a little on the high side, but I guess that's to be expected when your restaurant isn't pulling in too much business.I settled on the fried tender-loin sandwich and my buddy settled on the two meat combo plate (brisket and pulled pork). It took a fair amount of time for our food to come out given how many people were actually eating in the restaurant at the time - about 25 minutes. I was pretty stoked on this as I assumed it meant all of our food was being made fresh.I was wrong.The tenderloin was a massive piece of burnt batter that lined the entire plate, served with old pickles, wilted lettuce, and some questionable tomatoes. My buddy's combo plate literally looked like a plate of dog food. Without going into too many unsavory details, I will sum up the taste of our food with two words : utterly terrible.The cowboy beans that can be chosen as a side are probably one of the worst things I have ever eaten. It was the equivalent of grabbing a handful of ash out of a campfire and stuffing it into your mouth. The texture was right there as well - just complete mush.All in all, this is a terrible restaurant, complete with terrible food. I won't even  touch on the barbecue sauce. As I'm sure you'll know to prepare for disappointment after seeing how it is treated on the table (read: POORLY). The only saving grace of this place is the staff, as they're attentive to a certain degree.
4	No teeth needed bbq
2	I love BBQ joints so this was on my list to try for a while.  It ended up just being a big waste of money.   We had the brisket which actually wasn't so bad, just not tender like it should be.  The sauce was good, the mashed potatoes were okay, and the corn on the cob was water-logged and soggy.  But you go to these places for the meat, right??  We also had the ribs, which not only were not good, but grossed us out enough that we left still hungry.  They seemed under cooked and were very gristly and pretty much just chunks of fat on a bone.  The meat that was on the bones was rubbery and gross.  Maybe we just hit this place on a bad night, but it was bad enough to make me say I will never go here again.
1	was on a business trip from 200 miles away and wanted some good BBQ. Well I had the Brisket and the Hot links. It was average at best. I had to drive 11 miles back to my hotel and on the way back my stomach started hurting. I had nothing else today to make me this way. Lets just say when I got back to the hotel I destroyed the bathroom. Never going back here again. the rest of my night was shot.
4	I love the Hog and the owners are awesome. I have been coming here for a while I have to say I love the ribs & fries its the only reason I come there. The drink selection is not bad either.
3	Good local joint for ribs and Q. Had a slab of ribs that was enough for three people.  Smoky and tasty.  Sauce on the side was good, would probably ask for it to be cooked on the meat next time.The jalepeno poppers were great!  Would pass on the oreo balls next time.  Joe's Real BBQ is better but it's also a world away.
1	Surprisingly bad.  I really wanted to like it too.
2	The ribs were horrible, but everything else was not too bad. The pulled chicken and pulled pork were a bit bland, but not too fatty. The mashed potatoes were satisfactory and the cowboy beans were flavorless. They forgot to include the cornbread in our order, but I should have checked before leaving, so my fault.The biggest disappointment were the ribs. They were so fatty, almost no sauce, and what little meat you could find tasted sour. I'd recommend staying away from the ribs, but their taquitos were pretty good.
5	Fantastic BBQ!! And the prices are ridiculous. On Saturday and Sunday they offer a FREE breakfast with the purchase of a drink. Got to love it. Oh, and $1 PBRs. Life is good when you know where to get BBQ
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! My fiancee and I went last night for our second time.. the first time we both tried the open brisket sandwich. It was so good we ate it too fast that we had to take a nap afterwards ;-) Last night we paced ourselves and I got the 2 meat platter with chicken, brisket, mashed potatoes and macaroni. My fiancee got the half rack of ribs and corn on cob and macaroni. First of all.. the macaroni tastes like it has real cheese in it!! The taters tasted home-mashed, but the gravy could have been creamier..still good taste! The chicken and brisket were so perfect and juicy and seasoned just right!!! The rib meat fell off the bone and was juicy and meaty. Very little fat and cooked thoroughly.Our food came quickly and was cooked perfectly. Wonderful service!!! Very friendly and accommodating(We were cold and she turned up air for us) and as I eat my yummy leftovers for lunch all I can think is.."Man.. I should have ordered more cornbread to go!"
5	Ok. I am so glad I tried this place out. From the outside it looks a little deserted and well...a little ominous. I finally went in today and experienced the best enchiladas w/pulled pork I have EVER had. The homemade onion rings are to die for. Mom had tacos.My brother in law had the spare ribs. ABSOLUTELY A MUST TO VISIT....I am not kidding. Try it once and you will be sold. UNBELIEVABLE. Can't wait till my next trip there!!!!!!!!!!!! A +++++
2	I've been here for three visits, two dinners and one lunch.  I've been waiting to write a review, because I wanted to be fair.  The service has always been pretty good here.  I eat in the dining room, not the bar, and I'm greeted and seated promptly.  The menu covers the basics for good BBQ; ribs, pulled pork, hot links, brisket, bbq chicken.  Sides are good, and portions are generous.  The ribs are awful.  I mean, just wretched.  Two stars bad, for a joint that could be doing better.  The ribs were smoked, and clearly had some dry rub on them at some point.  I like my ribs Memphis style, smoke and dry rub no sauce, so this should be right up my alley, right?  That's where things go awry.  The ribs are clearly reheated, which is perfectly normal.  What's not normal is the texture.  These ribs are squishy.  There is no discernible difference in texture between the lean and the fat.  These ribs are reheated by some moist heat process, which both rinses all the dry rub off and removes any of the char/caramelization from the grill.  I saw grill marks on the ribs, so I'm not debating that the grill came into play at some point, but it was used way too little.  I am begging that they change the method used to reheat the ribs.  Ribs are the yardstick by which I measure good BBQ, and these aren't it.  So much good stuff, but just terrible ribs.
5	This is a great place for pulled pork, ribs, whatever smoked meats you like. They truly smoke the meat & it shows in the quality. The ribs are as tender and meaty as they come. Great Mac & Cheese for a side. Beer is cold & service is prompt and friendly.
4	We decided to check this place out this morning when I wanted to go out to breakfast. Turns out that there is a free breakfast option with the purchase of a drink (as others have mentioned here). This made our morning! the free breakfast was good as were the biscuits and gravy, though the gravy was a bit thick for my taste, the quantity of sausage in it made up for the thick factor (I love sausage). Overall, I would say give it a try. the prices were great and the staff friendly.
4	I had a horrible experience at this restaurant about 2 years ago.A few months back and I decided to give this place another shot and I'm glad I did. It was a slammed Sunday and the service was incredible. Really attentive, drinks kept full, beers kept cold.Food was excellent. Sauce still needs work but I would definitely come back here.Great job at stepping it up, guys!
1	Worst BBQ I think I have ever had and an empty restaurant should have been a clue. Brisket was not brisket, tasted more like roast beef. Won't be returning.
5	What? I can believe the mixed reviews! This is definitely a love it or hate it kind of place... we love this place and even though we don't go there very often, we have never been disappointed. Not having high expectations always helps : P We always end up ordering one of the family meals (pic posted, 4 meats, 4 sides, and cornbread), enough for 3 to eat plenty and have another meal at home, or even more... My favorite are the ribs... cornbread is very good too. They have good options for sides and we struggle to come to an agreement on which ones to pick : ) Potato salad, blue cheese coleslaw, and sweet potato fries are good choices... I read good reviews about the macaroni and cheese too. We went there once for the free breakfast (with the purchase of your drink), we should go there more often!
4	Get one of the platters. They are delicious and even better when heated back up for left overs.
5	Love it or hate it? we love it.We got the same family platter.... even when we want to try other choices, we end up having the family platter...  : )"That is what falling off the bone means", hubby said last night about the ribs (they are my favorite meat here). He also said this is his favorite BBQ place.I have never been fond of BBQ sauce, but their Habanero sauce is a must try if you favor spicy foods. We always ask for extra to take home, as we always end up with plenty of leftovers.Our server, a very young girl, was very prompt and friendly, as usual.As others have said, the exterior looks... unusual... we are very glad we didn't walk away the very first time we were going to this place (we found it thanks to a restaurant.com certificate)Hope to be back soon! Maybe tomorrow, for breakfast...
1	Overdue reviewI tried the Hog in August, 2012 between the lunch and dinner hour for take out. 1 table was occupied. Waited at the front for almost 10 minutes before a server came to greet me, despite the bell at the door.Ordered the pork ribs, blue cheese coleslaw, and mac n cheese. Mac n cheese: bland and oilyBlue cheese coleslaw: Fabulous! Crunchy, creamy, very flavorful with the blue cheese. Definitely worth trying.Pork Ribs: Seriously fatty and greasy. Large portion, but unfortunately the ribs smelled like lighter fluid like they were doused when they were being cooked. This smell permeated my car on the way home, and they pretty much tasted like they smelled. My dogs were happy that night!I see there is a love/hate consensus with this place. Maybe I caught them on a bad day, but I'm not willing to try this place again
4	We showed up around 615 on a Saturday night.  We were the only ones there initially, which made me a bit nervous.  The dining room was dark, but paper signs indicated that they were moving to a new location this summer.  The decor was otherwise ok/nothing special.  The food was decent and priced appropriately.  I got the brisket BBQ platter; my spouse got the pork BBQ platter; his mom got the catfish.  The mac-n-cheese was a 6-7/10--at least made with seemingly real cheese (my favorite mac-n-cheese in the Valley is at Bliss/Rebar--so everything gets compared back to that for me).  The hush puppies were a 10/10!!!  The meat was a 8/10.  The collard greens had a bit too much vinegar for our tastes.  The BBQ sauces were good, and the habanero sauce was not spicy at all (to me)--probably just right for a larger public.  The muffins tasted like a Jiffy muffin mix, which was fine with me (at least they were edible!).  Overall, decent service and solid food.  We'll go back.  It was better than I thought it would be, and there is enough variety to entice me to try more on the menu.
1	I took my grandsons and their Mother, to the Hammered Hog BBQ Hall & Saloon. My first indication of trouble, was the legal sized typed paper menu. Then I had to beg for water, but the drinks (including those from both the Bar and Soda fountain) came fast. One of the drinks ordered was a Sprite (by one of my Grandsons) and it tasted horrible. Their Mother told me this happens when they don't clean out and replace the soda pack? The waitress insisted that this was the way their Sprite tasted? We ordered, from the starter menu, ribs and nacho chips with pulled pork. I sampled the boys plates of ribs. True, it fell off the bone but somehow tasted like dish liquid to me. My nacho chips were OK, but again, the pork tasted like dishliquid. Then there were flies buzzing around our glasses, and of course, food. I had to chase down the waitress to ask for our bill. I told her, after taking one bite of our plates, we weren't happy with the taste. Her reply: "Oh well, you still have to pay." She got kinda angry when I complained about the flies. Again, her response "Well, they come in every time the front door is opened!"I had purchased a $100 coupon for $40 from restaurant.com for this place. I'm all for supporting small, local businesses.  But this was the pits for us. I'm calling Restaurant.com about either exchanging my coupon or getting a refund.
2	This was my first visit.....I'm starting with 2 stars, because the rib tips were stewy and heavy, and not that smoky. They just seemed like they were oven-stewed. Texture was bad and the fat wasn't rendered out, and the sauce was unremarkable. I ate them because I was hungry but didn't finish. My stomach hated me.I told the gal, and she was very nice and said she would've offered something different. She said the ribs were good. I did kinda like the habanero sauce.I really do wanna give this place another chance especially with the ribs, as all BBQ places I go to are judged by the ribs and I didn't have those straight away. I will give this place another chance sometime and post more and hopefully improve my review, but for now those rib tips were just too stewy and heavy.
5	Dang the best rib tips ever and bacon wrapped jalapeno poppers. They had 2 different types of BBQ sauce and the habanero one had a great flavor. I do not know what they stuff the jalapeno poppers with but it was delicious. I talked with a few people at the bar and it was a nice crowd. I have to go back when I am hungry to try the ribs, the plate I saw was huge.
1	Went to the location on 32nd and Cactus. The ribs are very good and house cole slaw is good. HOWEVER we ordered for 2 and received two very tiny containers of sauce and one very small container of cole slaw. Way over priced. They need to stop being so stingy with there side orders and sauce.
5	I didn't go in person - we ordered over the phone and my boyfriend picked it up. We got the family platter but substituted chicken for the hot links. We had a half rack of ribs, pulled chicken, pulled pork and the brisket. I love ribs and slow cook my own - these were just as delicious if not more so. You could taste the smoke but it was subtle and not heavy. I'm not a big fan of brisket but loved it! The chicken and the pork were both great - moist, tender and very tasty. I like that it's smoked, slow cooked and dry rubbed with the bbq sauce on the side. This is definitey going to be a "go to" place when we're in the mood for BBQ!!! I only gave it Don't let the exterior deter you from trying this place!!!
5	My first visit here and it's the real deal. Some of the best BBQ I've had. I had their signature sandwich the Hammered Hog and it was awesome. Can't wait to come back to try the ribs.
4	Hammered Hog offers a free breakfast on Saturday and Sunday mornings with purchase of a non alcoholic beverage. The breakfast is actually really good. You also can buy it for $3 with purchase of an alcoholic beverage. The place is packed on Saturday and Sunday mornings due to this offer and sometimes you have to wait. They definitely need to do something about the lack of hostess / seating assistance. People walk in and just stand around waiting to see when a table comes open and it's very chaotic. There seems to be a lot of staff just hanging around. There was some guy who seems to be the owner, or just acting like it, who would jump in occasionally but for the most part spent his time drinking and watching the game. Through all the ownership of this building, it has remained a Green Bay Packers fan hold and still is.we have not been there for lunch or dinner yet but plan on it as the menu looks delish!
5	Love it or hate it? we love it.We went there for the free breakfast. Nothing else beats free : PThey relocated from Thunderbird to Cactus. I am not so sure about the new location, because now the bar is not separate, it is in the front and the dinning room tables are on the back. But taking into consideration that it is a place that may look 'questionable' for some, as I said... nothing beats free : PThe free breakfast you get by buying a drink, and it is something very simple and plain. Scrambled eggs, hash browns, bread and 2 slices of bacon.I found out today that for $1 you can get fried eggs instead (which I will probably do going forward)And, hubby had an awesome idea today, we ate our eggs and hash browns with the habanero barbecue sauce... yum yum...Our server Taylor was very good, as always.We also ordered a side of crispy bacon and it was indeed crispy, for only $2 more.If you go there for breakfast I will only ask you to be generous with your tip because the regular 15-20% is not enough since the breakfast is free : )Oh, we found and started going to this place because of the restaurant.com gift certificates. They are no longer in the program but we will for sure keep going, we are glad we found them.
5	We come here almost every weekend. This place has great prices, great drinks, amazing food, and super friendly people. The owners are there almost everyday and remember you when you walk in. Great local place. Don't be tricked by the negative reviews try it for yourself and you will not be disappointed. I throw my work Holiday parties here every year and everyone has a great time. Looking forward to many more parties, good food, and bloody marys in my future.
1	Not much good to say at all about this place. We live in the neighborhood and wanted to give this place a shot. I immediately regretted even walking in the door. Our food was totally flavorless and a horrible value. I ordered the "Hammered Hog" sandwich, which touted a 1/2 pound of our house smoked pulled pork covered with blue cheese cole slaw. My wife ordered a pulled pork sandwich which stated it had a 1/3 pound of pulled pork on it. I swear, their was more meat on hers and mine was a buck more. Not that I would have wanted more meat, it had no flavor except smoke which I'm guessing was liquid smoke. The collard greens side I ordered was so acidic and lacking the long cooking time that this dish needs. I think they might have tasted sour because they had gone bad? My in-laws split a two meat combo and I was embarrassed to take them there. A $70.00 tab for two sandwiches, a split entree plate, one mixed drink and three sodas? Oh, and we ordered a plate of happy hour nachos which were store bought round corn tortilla chips, congealed cheddar cheese, maybe a cup of diced tomatoes and black olives with lackluster sour cream and salsa on the side. Needless to say, we will never go back. I give this place 6 months tops. Whoever thinks this qualifies as good BBQ needs to go to read a recipe and attempt to cook BBQ for the first time ever. I'm almost positive it will come out better.
4	The food was awesome. We had the street tacos as an appetizer and I was surprised at how good the smoked pork was. My friends and I shared the family sized platter. It was humongous! We took some home. The smoked ribs tasted so good and fell of the bone. The selection of draft beer was okay but a little pricey for being common domestic. I would love to see more microbrews and more than just pale ales. The server wasn't the most friendly, seemed a little put out having customers coming in close to closing time. I'd still recommend the restaurant based on the food. It could be better with nicer servers.
5	Glad we found this gem! Great brisket, hushpuppies & Mac n cheese! So so good!
1	I've tried to like this place since they opened, but every time I go in I feel like I get another disappointment.  I don't think the food is anything special and the service that I get is usually awful.  The ribs are not very good and come with a choice of two side sauces. Maybe I'm spoiled in the fact that I've had such excellent barbecue in my life, but there's got to be something cooked on the ribs either wet or dry.  Here, you have to ask them to cook sauce on the ribs. The ribs are also St. Louis style not baby back... Don't be confused!  The ribs are also way overpriced.  Since moving to the new location, I don't think they have improved anything. The service is still bad. The food isn't very good. They've just increased the space they have to disappoint.
3	When you step in you feel like you are in rural North Carolina!  Great happy hour prices.  Rib tips good.. Can't beat nice people and dollar pbr all the time!!!  Location has moved and it is for the better. More space and nicer environment.
