5	Randomly was in Vegas and drove by this place called "POPPED". At first I was trying to figure out what it could be and simply kept going, but after driving about 30ft past the place I thought to myself that the design of the logo was pretty interesting and the name really stuck in my head.. so what the heck, I gave them a try........and..... SO SHOULD YOU! I have never been a big popcorn fan, but this place has done it right! They use a freezing process that incorporates Liquid Nitrogen to create tasty treats of all flavors. The guy working there explained to me that they use natural flavorings and advanced science to make these awesome treats!!! Creativity 5/5 - I have yet to see a place like this or a product like it!Location 5/5 - Clean, inviting, and smells great!Product 5/5 - again, this stuff is awesome. I can't wait to go back! Staff 5/5 - friendly, professional, and very informative. You can tell they care and will be here serving the community for a while. Enjoy!
5	I'm a big fan of specialty snacks, so I was really excited about Popped opening. They have a creative variety of flavors, some classic mixes, and from what we sampled, they all tasted great. Super friendly service and don't forget to try it frozen!
4	I had seen the sign for this place up for a while and I noticed it was finally open. Since I had some time to kill before my appointment at the nail salon nearby, I decided to stop in and see what's up.The decor inside is very simple and clean. All the bags of popcorn behind the counter are very enticing. The place is so new that there are no paper menus yet. The tv on the wall displayed the menu of sweet and savory popcorn flavors that were available. There were 10 or so flavors to choose from. There were your standard cheese (white cheddar) and sweet (caramel) flavors, as well as unique ones (pickle and s'mores).The nice man behind the counter offers you samples of any flavor. I finally made a decision and played it kinda safe by going with a small bag of white cheddar and a large bag of s'mores popcorn (I love anything that involves marshmallows).The samples do not do them justice. Having a whole bag is another story. The flavors are better comprehended. What I especially liked about the snores bag were the bits and pieces of graham crackers and the surprise bites of caramel/chocolate covered corn bonded together with melted marshmallow.I've been hearing of another popular popcorn place across town that I have been wanting to try, but have never had the chance to since it is so far away from me. So I am happy to find a tasty popcorn boutique that has opened on this side of town.
5	We just finished dinner and saw a sign that said open and decided to check it out.  Much to our surprise it was called Popped and on the sign it said "A Really Cool Popcorn Spot!"  Now there are a variety of flavors all of which Olivier will let you try a sample of to help you make your choice.The prices were surprisingly reasonable and if you have never had NITRO popcorn (Very, Very COLD) popcorn, YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS!!!!This place is AWESOME, the decor is very friendly and Olivier has a great personality.  This is one of our NEW FAVORITE spots for desert, a snack or even a meal with the plentiful flavors (Smores, Carmel Apple, Coconut White Chocolate) to name a few.A MUST TRY!!!
5	I heard about this store through some friends of mine in Vegas and was really enticed to try some of their unique flavors.  My uncle was recently out in LV, so I asked him to bring me back some of these interestingly delicious-sounding styles of popcorn.  WOW!  As soon as he brought them over we finished the jalapeno bag almost instantly and went right for some water! (it was spicy but addicting!).  To switch it up, we then opened a bag of the "PB&J", which tasted just like it sounded - like a pb&j sandwich packed into a kernel of popcorn.  Amazing.  We also dove into some of the "Buffalo and Bleu Cheese" popcorn, which I deemed as my favorite thus far.  We still have a bag of the "Dirty Vegas" that I will be opening later on in the week, I'm just saving it for a good movie to sit down and enjoy with because I could have honestly killed all 4 of those bags in one sitting.  Next time I am Vegas you can bet that I will be stopping back into POPPED!  Great idea and good job guys!!
5	I've recently visited Popped and was pleasantly surprised. In a world of ever increasing cupcakeries and peppermint mocha frapachinos makes me often wonder if we will all live in a teenage girls dream one day. Although at first glance Popped does appear to be another candyland manifested. But once you read the flavors you soon find out you're in another world all together. With Buffalo Wings, Dill Pickle, and  Coconut Curry to name a few. You soon find out this is an adult play land with grown up palate pleasers around every turn. As if that isn't enough they have a refreshing new take the American classic. Popcorn has been consumed in the Americas for thousands of years with evidence that suggest 3600 BC. Although it's not that new Popped is bringing this classic into the modern era with liquid nitrogen. Yes liquid nitrogen! At -300 degrees once the popcorn is instantly frozen before your eyes you can literally see your breath as you eat it. And when it's 115 out it's just what the Dr. ordered. Would recommend this place to anyone regardless of age. There are plenty of flavors available that will please any age or demographic with new ones being added all the time. And I'm sure your kids will love the nitrogen as much as I did.
5	My kids LOVE this place!! Gonna have to say I like the "Dirty Vegas" (for the indecisive).
5	I don't write lengthy reviews - so here it goes.Great place, excellent popcorn by any standard. The flavors are well balanced. I got the caramel/sour apple - AWESOME and my wife got the Marilyn Monroe (coconut white chocolate), again AWESOME. It was fresh when we got it and my wife's is even fresh 2 days later - don't ask why it is lasting that long - she has major self control, mine was gone in hours.Well done on concept and execution.
5	What a fun place! I've been wanting to try one of the popcorn places around town, but they're all mostly pretty far from me. This one, though, is right in my neighborhood. So I just had to stop in, especially since I've been craving some salty goodness.When you first walk-in, it's very minimalist. Very nice and clean and modern, but almost confusing because of how minimal it is.There are small balls hanging from the ceiling over the counter with free samples of some of the different flavors. And the staff are very nice and helpful and will give you a sample of any of the flavors.Behind the cash register is a large flatscreen with their menu. The offerings are categorized under savory, caramel, and chocolate. And there are various sizes of cups and bags offered.For my first time, I opted for the Buffalo Hot & Bleu and Dirty Vegas. I really like how the Buffalo Hot & Bleu is not the two flavors combined in one, but two different types of popcorn - one buffalo and one bleu cheese. Very yummy! The Dirty Vegas is just totally awesome! It's a mix of ALL of their flavors. A perfect way to try everything - and you never know what flavor it is until you put in your mouth.Next time I host or attend a movie night, I will most definitely be stopping here to load up. Or, ok, whenever I am craving something salty OR sweet.
5	My new favorite hidden gem! I've been to a few popcorn shops around town and they boast artificial colors and candy coatings. Popped truly is revolutionizing the popcorn industry with it's fresh made, dye-free popcorn flavors. And their "Dragon's Breath" nitro-pop is as cool as it gets! I love the sample bowls hanging from the ceiling and the relaxed, inviting vibe the shop has. Forget coffee shops and their noisy grinders! These guys offer wifi, beverages, and tasty treats (Pb&J popcorn is a must try)...this is my new hang out!
5	I totally write lengthy reviews and this place is asking for one of the longest. I kid, I will not put you through anything more monotonous than my usual. The structure of this review will go; location, atmosphere, service, options, and closing.Popped is located in the corner on the BJ's side. The atmosphere is basic and minimalist in nature. I prefer that, because there is nothing to distract from the two stars. Instead of the food taking over the show, the customer service shines just as bright.Olivier and Raelynn (I'm sorry if I misheard or misspelled) are warm and outgoing. From our entrance to departure I was beyond comfortable. I can see why they have regulars that come in to hang out in the shop. Instead of watching over us while we tried their samples, they encouraged us to continue to try other flavors. In fact, many good sized samples were give to us. I could have sworn I had eaten a whole 16oz before leaving the store alone and got to try a flavor in the making. The flavors are all quite innovative or just plain phenomenal. We had tried the Hot Wing, Caramel/Sour Apple, Marilyn Monroe, Churro, Oreo, Dilly Pickle, and Smores. The sweet popcorn were fantastic. Yet, I was impressed with the Dilly Pickle ($3.50) and had to pick up a bag for my sister and a Dirty Vegas ($3.50) for myself. I am completely intrigued with the idea of reaching into a bag and not completely know what I will pull out. Olivier described it as grabbing at a bag of Jelly Bellies, but I would probably say it is closer to eating a box of Harry Potter Jelly Bellies. Hopefully you will not eat something amazing and find yourself with a booger flavor right after. Although that would not happen because they were all delicious. My friend got the Marilyn Monroe ($4.50) and it is just as pretty as it was tasty. The sparkling flakes definitely made it a feast for the eyes. The Oreo ($4.50) is dangerous. You could easily eat a whole bag and not realize it. During the hot summer, try the nitrogen popcorn. It is refreshing and gives the fresh kernels an additional crunch.I am glad to see that Eastern is beginning to blossom with all the new independently own and ran businesses. This is a quintessential stop for movie nights.
5	Location is good - Eastern & Serene, not too far from my house. Also, it's near some other places you might be hanging out at (Laziza, Republic, BJs, Pin Kaow).The atmosphere inside is ok - minimalist for sure, as others have noted. Lots of samples! Yes!The flavors are all totally interesting, like Marilyn Monroe, Smores, Caramel Apple, White Cheddar, Salt n' Vinegar, a bunch of others that I forget. I sampled about 4 or 5 and settled on the S'mores. It was delicious. The owner was in there and gave me a sample of some of the nitrogen-ed corn. It was kinda interesting, but all it does is make your popcorn cold and smoke comes out of your nose/mouth. Not really worth the extra $1.50, unless you're with some kids.The server and the owner were really helpful and friendly.Prices...not sure what to say. It is a little high for a thing of popcorn ($5 for a styrofoam cup that's way smaller than anything you get at the movies), but then it is not just plain buttered popcorn. Also, the small cup is only about $3 or $3.50, which is the same or less than what I would spend for a little treat at Red Mango next door.Plus one point for being locally owned and totally unique to the area.Overall, I will definitely be back to Popped whenever I'm in the mood for a little snack that's not ice cream/yogurt.
4	Just a disclaimer.  I have not been to Popped.  I tried their popcorn at a birthday party recently and it was delicious and highly addictive.  I was told it was a special mix of blueberry, raspberry and white chocolate topped off with pink and blue glitter.  It was packaged in a sealed baggie as a take away gift.  Loved it!  All I know is next time I am in Henderson I will be stopping by to check this place out in person.
4	I was surprised this place was still open around 8pm. Great location w lots of parking, and we were warmly greeted by the owner as soon as we walked in. I didn't catch her name but she was really helpful and she offered samples of Marilyn Monroe and Oreo. Oreo was so addicting, and although I didn't taste coconut or really white chocolate with Marilyn, I had to had to get it because it was dusted with edible glitter! I did a small bag $4 with a mix of both flavors and they went together really well. I really suggest this place for people with little kids. She did a sample of the nitro frozen popcorn and it was cool. Can't say it improved the texture or the taste but you blow smoke out of your nose and mouth! The 2 little girls running around pretending to be dragons was adorable! Although the effect was done by the time we got to the car.I took it into a movie so I don't know if it was oreo or Marilyn, but certain pieces were really intensely salty. We were in a hurry so I only tried those 2 flavors, may return to discover some others. Although she was helpful, I'd suggest putting up descriptions of the flavors that aren't so self explanatory like Marilyn Monroe and dirty vegas. I like reading vs having things explained to me when it comes to menus.
5	Just Left Popped and my taste buds are straight on and Poppin!I tried the Oreo's along with a mix of the nitrogen pop corn!  Come on man.....how can you go wrong?  This is a sure shot don't miss spot for a quick snack, an office gift, or that first date where your not sure what to do!5pops from me and ill definitely be back to try for more flavors.
5	This is a neighboring business to my workplace and we were delighted to see a "snack" business so close and opened at 8pm!  We entered and were greeted with very pleasant service this evening. He was helpful and allowed us to sample anything from the spicy buffalo to the Marilyn Monroe! We left with 3 large combo bags and let me tell you...its a party in your mouth!!! Awesome experience!
4	Gosh, finally a Popcorn spot near my house - I've been wanting to try all those other Popcorn spots but Man, they are so far away....Anyhow, I fell in love with the Dilly Pickle Popcorn- Snookie would be jealous of our relationship!!!Even if you don't like pickles I think you should give it a try. I appreciate that there are samples galore here. There are samples on the counter tops (too high for kids and short people though), on a table as you walk in and they let you try anything you want in a good sized little cup. The only popcorn not available to try when I was there was Miss Piggy (Chocolate popcorn with bacon) because it wasn't ready.I like the Dirty Vegas option which is all their popcorn mixed in a bag for you. So, yes that's savory,spicy and sweet all mixed up- Pretty yummy and cool if you ask me!!!I purchased a large bag of Dilly Pickle and Dirty Vegas and I'm happy with my purchase.I thought Smores,Candy Apple and Marilyn Monroe were yummy too. Marilyn Monroe is supposed to be coconut flavored but my daughter tried that and it was good even though I don't like coconut flavored anything. The Candy Apple was neat because there were pieces of dried green apples in the mix. I really like the Tutti Fruity Mix that all popcorn places sell but the guy at the counter said that there were too many yucky unhealthy crap (perservatives and additives)  that go into the Multi color-Multi fruit flavored Tutti Fruity mix. So unless he finds a more healthier way to make it, he won't be making it. I appreciated his wanting to keep all the popcorn mixes as yummy but as healthy as possible.I personally like my popcorn as light as possible, I'm not one to like popcorn covered in globs of caramel or chocolate but I do love fruity stuff. So I was inquiring about that and the guy (maybe one of the managers or owners) said that you need a substance like caramel or chocolate to help the dried fruit stick to the popcorn - Yeah, that makes sense....Anyhow, the store is clean, the employees are nice and helpful, and the popcorn is tasty- Oh, and I can't forget - it's so close to home. The only thing I didn't like was that the countertops were so darn high, right when I walked in here I noticed all the tall counter tops to cover up whatever the employees were doing. Guess, the don't want us to see them mix the popcorn....
5	I'm officially in love with this place.  It makes a great (read: inexpensive) gift and impresses the person receiving the gift.  I purchased the dill pickle, ranch, buffalo hot, Get Toasted (cinnamon), Marilyn Monroe (white chocolate and coconut bliss!), Chicago (caramel and cheese blend) and jalapeno.The jalapeno didn't make it home (even though it was intended to be a gift for the boyfriend) and I devoured half of the Marilyn Monroe before handing it off to my sister.  I gave the Get Toasted to a client of mine and ate half of it with him while sitting at his desk.My sister described the ranch flavor as a real buttermilk ranch that you would find at a fine dining restaurant, not like a hidden valley packet of ranch.  Although an unassuming flavor, it was definitely a favorite.I'm really impressed with how fresh the popcorn tastes and the inventive flavors of this place.If you have children, bring them here for some frozen popcorn!  You have to try it just once!Even though it's quite a distance from my house, this will be a weekly stop for me!  I'm actually considering stopping in today to grab a bag of S'Mores... even though I was just there yesterday.
5	I learned about Popped by visiting the Bar Noir at the Maison140 hotel in Beverly Hills (yes a journey away from the shop). This bar serves Popped savory flavors in small portions instead of trail mix / bar nuts. So its safe to say that I fell in love with their popcorn before I ever stepped foot in their shop. Upon inquiring about the popcorn the bar manager gave me the details and I made sure to visit Popped when I last went to Vegas. Store: Simple, but nice. And they even do the nitro-freezing which is totally fun and enjoyable! I suggest it on the S'Mores flavor..mmm mmm mmmStaff: super friendly, informative, and helpful the goods: OMG every flavor is delicious in its own respect. I can't get enough. I go to the bar that serves more often just to get my popcorn fix! top picks:Dilly Pickle, Dirty Vegas, Smores, buffalo hot, caramel apple! A must try!
5	I am totally enamored with this place.  Saw the sign a few weeks back while leaving Cafe Rio (across the street).  We are always looking for fun little places to take the kids for special treats but this is our new fave!  Atmosphere is simple and fun, the popcorn is delicious (my fave at the moment is the Chicago!) and the service has been amazing.  I've used the popcorn as a party favor for a baby shower and everyone opened their boxes and ate it right there at the party.  I don't think a single kernel made it to anyones home!  Their bags and tin would make excellent gifts as well.  Definitely our new favorite place to go after dinner!  Or breakfast...but we are trying to set some good examples for our little guys.
5	I'm so glad this is across the street. I will be sneaking in some side trips here. I sampled a few of their flavors at the NERDY DANCE event at the ROYAL HOUSE. The carmel popcorn with nerds candy was AMAZING! The presentation of it is awesome. The sweetness of the popcorn complements the sour tang of the nerds candy. Plus, if you look under the light you'll notice the really cool glitter embellished on it.I'd also suggest the NITRO-POP dill pickle flavor and blue cheese. Its weird I know, but trust me, it works! Add a nitro pop to it (no pun intended!) and the experience of the nitro fog in your mouth in every bite makes it that much more fun.
5	WOOO SHINEE! Can popcorn be described as pretty or a work of art? That is how I feel every time I walk into the shop. The masterminds in the kitchen are constantly coming up with new flavors and I cannot help "poppin" in to check out what else they have in the works. Last week, I stopped by to pick up a couple of bags for a friend's birthday. The caramel sour apple was a hit, but she ended up loving the dill pickle and refused to share. After walking around the farmer's market, the gravitational pull drew me back into the shop. This time I picked up two bags for myself. I like their sweet popcorn, but the savory flavors will always be my favorite. The jalapeno is a new favorite, especially when mixed with the dill pickle. I could not help getting a bag of the Dirty Vegas as well. I keep wanting to come in to try PB&J, but it is never up on the board of flavors. I forget quickly when I am handed something else to try anyways.I have not met an unfriendly person that works there. I tried to limit myself with their testers, but that never happens. Still no cut off point, instead more smiles. This might be a weekly habit.
4	yum yum in my tum...Saturday was a "follow other yelpers" day so perhaps a few peeps got an instigator badge because of me.First, I noticed Mamie P. was at Crepe Expectations for breakfast, so Blair B. and our husbands and I met there for lunch!  Then, Misti Y. had left her tracks in the sand at Popped, so Eric R. and I walked there after lunch for some snackin' goodness.The guy helping us (did not catch his name) was witty and sardonic and matched our quips well.  He fed Eric sample after sample.  My new husby ended up with a large mix of Chicago (already 3 flavors mixed together) with cinnamon sugar.  I got a small mix of choke you jalapeno and buffalo wing.  I like the spice and but I also like a hint of sweetness from the hot wing.  I also love the coconut oil usage over butter or artificial version thereof.In the end, I almost ate my entire small over the past 2 days so I will have to return.  Meanwhile, I will consider myself sparkly because you are what you eat, and I sampled the golden Marilyn Monroe.FYI: you can pay with any type of card (I used an AMEX gift card) or sign in blood.  your choice.
5	I am totally a potato chip-loving girl. My teen years (prior to learning about weight gain and child-bearing hips) were spent eating a bag of chips in one sitting. But when my brother brought home a bag of Dilly Pickle popcorn from Popped, euphoria struck. Deliciousness without all the calories and fat? WIN!I've visited the store two times now. Both times, I've been barraged by constant offers of this sample or that sample - an instant thumbs-up in my book. The variety is what gets me: oh, Choke Me Jalapeno...but there's the Chocolate Piggy...wait, there's the Marilyn Monroe! Dirty Vegas remedies all of this - sharing the top spot in my heart with the Dilly Pickle. I can eat bags of this within minutes - a bite of Caramel, a kernel of Salty, a tad bit Chocolatey. Another win in my book would be the constant circulation of novel flavors, which are easily found through some Facebook creeping. As for prices, a large bag of Dirty Vegas set me back six dollars. But the real value lies in those pretty tins. Ranging in the mid to high twenty dollar range, Popped offers a ten dollar discount for refills. Thank goodness I'm leaving Vegas or else my waistline might have to be on guard.Personally, I am easily a culinary harlot: I like novelty. But when my friend who begrudgingly accompanied me the first visit fell in love with Popped, I knew it must be a testament to their greatness.
5	ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL!!!! The service is so great and fun!  I loved everything about this place and I cannot wait to go back and constantly bring them business. In such a competitive location, I know this place will stay strong!  When you go, because you must, you need to try every sample possible.  Even the dill pickle and Buffalo wing ones! I don't like either of those flavors, but they were delicious as popcorn!  I left with S'Mores and I will be back for more fun! OH! And it should be on a bucket list to do the Nitrogen.  The feeling of the cold popcorn in your mouth can only make you laugh as the smoke comes out. Love everything about this place.
5	For you, David S.!Back so soon?  Indeed!  After a nice dinner at Pin Kaow with Mamie P. and our hubs, we were wandering around convincing ourselves not to eat dessert.  Though Yelp indicated Popped was closed at 9, they were definitely open, and it was definitely after 9!We met Zelma inside - when we told her we had a sarcastic staff member, she immediately asked if he was French, but he wasn't!  So we laughed at how the men working here are all wonderfully sarcastic (my humor rests with Daria, for those who are curious).We sampled some more - bling bling cookies n cream, smores, white cheddar with the nitrogen, and more Marilyn Monroe.  I told Zelma what I got last time, and she told me she had something better - Flaming Lips!  I was not the only one who wanted a hotter pepper!  So this habanero-jalepeno blend became my next sample and eventual purchase.  She handled the large crowd in there well, and amused Eric R. and Dave P. and their techno-dorkiness by letting them mess with the iPad transaction program.We'll be back!!!
5	Unique and great! I love the s'more popped corn, it's my new craving!
5	I love this place!!!!  The frequency of my visits is becoming a problem.  Cant seem to get enough of the Flaming Lips.  I love the flavor and the added kick.  Zelma and Oliver are my most favorite POPPED nerds.
5	This place is as good as it gets when it comes to popcorn. From the moment we walked in the door I loved it. All the samples I got to taste were amazing. The fight between pickle flavor and hot wing or even to grab something sweet. We ended up leaving with a large bag of hot wing flavored popcorn and soon after the regret of not buying more. The customer service here is awesome, their shoving a new sample into your hand before you can even finish the first, right out of those neat little bowls hanging from the ceiling. Cant wait to return.
5	Holy Popcorn!  Salt and Vinegar popcorn totally made my last month of being pregnant bearable! They are chefs who have left the kitchen to play with popcorn.  Flavors are amazing and ever changing and it is completely mod inside.  My kids get a kick out of the nitro popcorn. Hopefully popcorn will be the new cupcake.  For all the summerlin folks they come to Farm 52 in Tivoli.
5	Great popcorn, nitrogen frozen or not! We went to Popped for the first time today and were impressed both with the quality of the product and the friendly service. The buffalo wing sauce/ranch combo is so tasty!
5	OMG buffalo hot was delicious!  Friendly staff let me sample pretty much everything in the store.  I spent too much money on popcorn but que sera...
5	I LOVE POPCORN!Was eating lunch at BJs with a friend and noticed this delightful surprise in the same lot. An entire store dedicated to all things popcorn? My inner fat kid could not resist investigating. Upon entering, you are greeted with the delicious smell of the corn. I love how helpful everyone is. I love how you can try any flavor prior to buying a bag. I love how many flavors and flavor combinations that can happen.  I was lucky enough to try some corn with some liquid nitrogen on it. Why is it so much fun to have cold smoke fill your mouth?The salt and vinegar is AMAZING. Might I recommend mixing the hot Buffalo with the Blue Cheese for a nice chicken wing inspired bag. Also we had the Chicago which mixes caramel corn (the best I've had) with nacho and white cheddar. Obviously you can go the chocolate route. Maybe next time I'll try the Oreo one. You can get small cups of popcorn up to large tins and add the liquid nitrogen for an extra fee. Small bags are $3 which is the perfect size to try out a flavor. These bags would make great edible gifts!
5	friendly and helpful staff!great prices.so many different flavors to try!
4	If you like good popcorn, and something different give this place a try!  The owners are super friendly and the frozen popcorn is fun!
5	We are a catering and event planning company and had a last minute order come in for 90 gift bags! These guys helped us out a ton by creating 180 custom bags of popcorn for us, same day on a Sunday! Can't wait to order from them again, hopefully giving them more time! Thank you!!
5	I do NOT like popcorn. I really don't. Not at the movies. Not really ever. I tried a sample at the Nerdy Yelp event - awesome. One day for lunch I decided to take a trip to the store. You can smell the goodness from the street!I can't remember exactly what I ordered. I got a bag mixed with 2 different flavors one of which was the Marilyn Monroe and another with white chocolate and raspberry. My combination was really tasty. The Marilyn didn't have the pop rocks that day, which was a bummer, but it was still great.Yes, it's pricey, but totally worth the indulgence. I still don't like popcorn much, but I adore popped.
5	This place is refreshing because unlike so many food businesses that open up these days that end up doing a lot of things decently at best, Popped does one thing great!  If you are in the mood for popcorn, this is the place to go.Stop in for a quick snack of nitro frozen popcorn on a hot day.  Get a couple bags for later or they also make great unique gifts.  They have many flavors available and I have enjoyed almost all of them.  Jalapeno and pickle are my favorites.Everyone I have encountered working there has been friendly and helpful and more than willing to let us sample the flavors before we made a decision.Hope they stay around for a long time!
3	3.5 I hate to be the odd duck on this place. Got 3 flavors and 1 was totally gross-the pumpkin. I threw it away. The others were ok. We didn't get offered a chance to try any flavors so we just pick 3 that sounded good. I guess 2 out of the 3 isn't bad. I'd try again.
5	I LOVE the popcorn at Popped! I don't normally eat popcorn but since I found this place a few months ago I have been stopping in for a few bags about once a week. I took 4 large bags to a family game night and it disappeared quickly with everyone asking for directions to the store. I have tried most of the flavors and all are very good. My current favorites are: buffalo, Chicago, Double Dutch and Get Toasted. Everyone at the store is super friendly and I highly recommend that you check it out. You will not be disappointed.
5	This place is popilicious!!! 1.  Ambiance - Reminds me of an ice cream store set up, fun, light, casual, counters and room to sit.2.  Pop Corn -  Laid out with many flavors. Well signed and for those new to flavored popcorn, you can try many of them to find the one you want.  Prices are well marked on the board above the cash register.  We ordered White Cheddar, Nacho and 505.  The 505 is like a sweet and spicy caramelesque type of popcorn, where as the Cheddar and Nacho have the powdered flavor of the cheese. Tried the double dutch, my favorite, but they were sold out.  Tried the Salt and Vinegar and really liked it, but already picked the 505.Frozen Pop Corn Also tried the Ranch frozen pop corn. They make it really cool with nitrogen and it is best to eat immediately.3.  Service - Today I was a newbie and Zelma helped us out. She was patient, explained everything had us try different stuff and even had us try the frozen pop corn. She really makes us feel welcome and makes the experience so much more fun!GK says try this place out.  Prices are reasonable, food is really great.  You cannot beat it.
5	This place gets an A++, the popcorn is unique and inventive and the service stands alone.  Popcorn lover or not, this place is worth a visit!
4	Gots to try "the Chocolate Piggy", Dilly Pickle and the S'mores, after reading these review, everyone was right on it, only item they didn't have was "the Dirty Vegas" and I was from out of town. Just make sure your bag of popcorn is sealed good, I had two bags that were just slightly open...
5	I think Popped might be my new favorite place for a quick yummy snack savory or sweet! Who would have ever known that popcorn can be so delicious with so many different flavors?! I walked down here during my lunch break thinking that it was going to be packed, but luckily there was only a few of us there so the waut was not long.You can ask for the flavors that you want to try and I've been eying the Salt and Vinegar since reading reviews last night. Jose gave me a sample to try of the S & V and the dill pickle since that was his favorite. I favored the S&V more, but the dill pickle wasn't bad. I asked him which sweet one he recommended and he said cookies and cream or the smores. Both sounded delicious, but I ended up getting the cookies and cream for the husband along with the Marilyn Monroe (White Chocolate with Coconut!). A cool concept for a cool snack! I know I will be back with their frequent stamper card to try the Smores if not some other flavor like Dirty Vegas! I was also won over by their use of an Ipad as the register/credit card machine!PS. Today is National Popcorn Day! Get some popcorn at Popped today!
4	I like to buy treats and bring them to work. Well this week I wanted to bring popcorn. So I purchase the Dirty Vegas mix and the Marilyn Monroe (White Chocolate with Coconut!). OMG the Marilyn Monroe is really good and  for now on, before I go to the movies I will be stopping here.
5	There's no way anybody can give this place less than 5 stars. There's nothing like it around here, and thus in that alone, it should receive 5 stars.Walking in, I asked the gentleman at the counter if he had to have a special license for the liquid nitrogen. As if I were an inspector, he pointed out the sticker right above the doorway. I asked another helper, possibly the owner, a friendly lady, what the liquid nitrogen does exactly. She says it just freezes the popcorn, but when the gas evaporates, the popcorn doesn't get soggy because it's not wet. Good to know, because the liquid nitrogen only lasts two to three minutes and I wouldn't want a pile of mush after that!I tried many different samples, but decided to go with the 505, which is the flavor with hash chilies and white chocolate. She told me to be careful since I was going to put that in liquid nitrogen, because the white chocolate could get stuck on my tongue. All the popcorns tasted great, the sizes are flexible for your needs from small to large. Decor is hip and welcoming. I will definitely be back!One last thing, I saw a bunch of stamp cards, and I asked for one. I only spent $4 but she gave me a stamp card anyway. Afterwards, I read the card and realized that it said one stamp for every $10 spent. Free large popcorn of any flavor after nine stamps. She was nice to give me the card instead of telling me to spend more before I could acquire a card. Then the card afterwards is self-explanatory. I will make sure to fill that up!
5	Uh frozen popcorn! !!! Yum. Thats all i have to say. I highly recommend this place for everyone. They are friendly and welcoming and right next to my favorite restaurant.
5	New favorite place to stop at before the movies. I love the pinkadelic w pop rocks n nerds on it!
5	Very creative! Who else puts liquid nitrogen in popcorn?! Every flavor imaginable. Great gift ideas. One of my close friends is obsessed with ranch so I obviously got her a bag of rach popcorn. She loved it, as did I. This is truly a place you must experience yourself. Free samples of any popcorn that they offer! Too good!
5	If you like popcorn, this place cannot be missed.  I love mixing multiple flavors together!
5	This is a super neat place to have a cold snack. We got a small 505 flavor wich is white chocolate and chilli powder and we got it "Frozen" wich its dipped in liquid nitrogen.Really neat and really cold! the popcorn flavors are unique and worth the money. We got a small popcorn Was about 5$.
3	I LOVE Popped. But make sure you call first. A few times I have showed up before closing time & they were all closed up. Fave flavor- Marilyn Monroe!
5	I love this place. I go as often as I can. Very family friendly. The staff is awesome. Best popcorn shop in Vegas. Must go!
5	I normally don't offer more than one review, but today I had to.  I just tasted a new flavour today at Popped that I can't stop eating.  It's called "Irish Cream" and it's out of hand delicious.The thing I like best about Popped, and this flavour in particular, is that I like a lot of junk and coating on my popcorn, and Popped totally gets me.  Very generous coating, crispy, perfectly popped corn, no unpopped kernels, and fantastic flavour combinations.  If it matters to you, they pop their corn in Coconut Oil, which not only makes it taste more delicious, but is supposed to be very good for your health.  See?  Eating popcorn is VIRTUOUS!You owe it to yourself to get in there and try several of the flavours.  I should mention that I tasted the 505 (Caramel with Hatch Chilies), and the Toasted something or other.  Both were fantastic (especially the 505, but it's too hot for me; I'm a wuss).  Also, I don't like Cinnamon very much, but if I had a craving, I'd totally snarf down a bag in no time flat.Take my advice, and buy at least twice as much as you think you'll want (I am SO not kidding).  EVERY SINGLE TIME I go there, I regret not getting more when I had the chance.  Oh well, it'll give me an excuse to go back and have some more samples.Popped is Bomb.  If there were six stars, I'd give them all six.Thank you Popped.  You make my stomach very happy.
5	This has been one of the best experiences at a Henderson business I've had since I moved here! The passionate owner helped us out with samples, suggestions, and even made us some liquid nitrogen frozen popcorn that you have to taste (and see) to believe!If this shop somehow was right next to a movie theater, ticket sales would skyrocket. I will be back for more on my way to the next movie I see.
4	Fun flavors! We found Popped accidentally one day and have been a huge fan since! The staff is very friendly and lets you try any flavor they have, the popcorn is made daily. My favorite if the buffalo and Brein loves the crazy combinations of all the flavors together. Plus it is reasonably priced. I suggest grabbing a bag for the movies :-)
5	I am a popcorn lover. I found popped on accident while I was getting a bagel next door. You can sample any flavors ud like. We ended up getting chicago (sweet) & nacho cheese. Both so good!! I wish we had a place like this at home! My only gripe is that they didnt have more flavors. There were about 10 flavors to choose from. Reasonable priced.
4	Loved the different flavors of the popcorn. The owner was there at the time and gave us several samples of all the flavors before we where finally able to make our choice
5	50mother freaking5The best damn popcorn I've ever had. Seriously! The 505 is caramel popcorn coated in white chocolate and dusted with green and red hatch chilies.The 505 is sweet, spicy and oh so addicting. I went through my big bag in ten minutes. Located on the south side of Vegas, Popped is a gourmet popcorn shop that has a huge amount of some of the most creative, insanely delicious popcorn I've ever had. They have at least fifteen different flavors (including specials) that you can sample before you purchase. And sample I did. Just look at all I tried. I tasted popcorn with white chocolate and coconut. Popcorn with jalapenos. Popcorn with caramel and apples. Popcorn with sea salt and vinegar. I truly got popcorn wasted. In the end, my wife and I bought four bags. This is what we took home with us:505- Caramel popcorn coated in white chocolate & dusted w/ green & red hatch chilies http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OGQ_6nIn4QQL2U6t0XeHtA?select=chiThLLPBz2aAGrBzM1o3APinkAdelic- Popcorn w/ white chocolate strawberry cream, pop rocks & Nerds candy http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OGQ_6nIn4QQL2U6t0XeHtA?select=PGg4MWDr-t9D1G-IdSEcGg Dill Pickle Popcorn- Tasted just like dill pickles. This one's for you, Chris D. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OGQ_6nIn4QQL2U6t0XeHtA?select=Xh4sd5IkeabqzZpo-Dsa2QS'mores Popcorn- Caramel corn with graham crackers, marshmallows and premium Swiss chocolate http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OGQ_6nIn4QQL2U6t0XeHtA?select=giCcRVvmtaZBV3F02KorGAHonestly, I've never tried popcorn this amazing, and I've had lots of different popcorn in my time. I'm actually going to buy some from their website to be shipped to my home soon. It's that good. The prices at Popped are cheap. A small bag ranges from three bucks up to five. Large bags range from five to seven or so. The girl working the day I went was so friendly and willing to let us try all we wanted. So cool. If you can't make it to Vegas to try this place, I would hop on their site and buy a few bags. Seriously, do it. You won't regret it.
4	My wife and I walked in on a hot day.  My brother knows one of the owners so he told us to stop in and give it a try.  Oliver was behind the counter and you could immediately tell he loves what he does.   We were probably in the store for an hour talking with Oliver about the concept, flavors, and trying all kinds of samples.  I felt bad because he had no problem letting you try whatever you wanted; he pushed almost all the flavors on us.  He encourages you to try different things.  After we picked a couple of our favorites he used the liquid nitrogen tank to freeze the popcorn.  I have to say it was scary at first to try it. I was not a huge fan of the flavor but it was a lot of fun to play with and gives it that WOW factor.  I am sure kids go nuts for it.  With all the entertainment done we decided to help the business and bought a couple bags.  We had the Nori, which was delicious. We also had the cinnamon, and a bag of the Marilyn.  I personally like the pickle and the buffalo flavors.  It is really amazing how they get such an accurate taste.  Popped is great as a gift, perfect for a snack, and even better when you sneak it into the movies!Support your local pop corn poppers!
5	Brilliant.  Sheer genius.  This is such a great Vegas story...  Ask Olly -- so many smart things going on here...well, if you've not been by, you should.  I was blown away by the frozen popcorn -- and how it came to be.  This is a loving exercise in tremendous problem solving - on a daily basis -- and in this case, the layers of problem solving = tastebud bending, mind blowing popcorn.  Very excited for them.  And can't wait to watch as things continue to grow for them!
5	So glorious, the Chicago mix is legalized drugs.  It's pretty awesome, I can't wait to try all of the varieties.  I will be going back.
5	Love, love, love this place!   I am a BIG FAN of Kettle Korn and this place rocks.Kids love the frozen popcorn.The owners are cool too.
5	**MAIL ORDER REVIEW**http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OGQ_6nIn4QQL2U6t0XeHtA?select=blLLKuO1g4MrD4tQCgzh0gCraig R. wrote a review for Popped when he visited their shop in Las Vegas.  He said it was awesome and worth trying.  He peaked my interest with the fact they have dill pickle flavored popcorn.  This I had to try so I went online to their website and ordered a nice variety.  Prices are cheap until you add fedex shipping charge to it.  Their popcorn tastes extremely fresh, has a nice texture, zero unpopped kernels, and there's hardly any remnants of the popcorn hulls.  All the ingredients used tasted very high quality.  Popcornopolis should find out what type of corn they use and change because they have way too many hulls in their popcorn.  I've ranked flavors below from most to least favorite.505: Caramel corn with white chocolate, fresh green hatch chilies, and powdered red hatch chilies.  Holy mother of God is this amazing.  Craig says it's the "best damn popcorn I've ever had" and I have to agree.  Hatch chilies are my favorite chili and unlike other products I've had the hatch is the main star of the show.  It stands out front and center slapping you in the face and sending you to New Mexico for it's chili goodness. It's spicy enough to cause you to cough and choke while eating it and the sweetness of the caramel and chocolate turn the choking into groaning while you slam more into your word hole.Dilly Pickle:  Best pickle tasting snack item I've had.  It's sweet popcorn with a super sour, vinegar biting, fresh dill flavor to it.  Tastes just like a sour dill pickle.  Loved it!Smore's:  Caramel corn with mini marshmallows, graham crackers, and chocolate.  My wife and I really liked this combo of flavors but I wish they'd mix it a bit better.  Most of the graham crackers were at the bottom of the bag and there wasn't enough marshmallow... but....  the overall taste was fantastic.Get Toasted: Tastes like cinnamon and sugar.  If you like these two ingredients then this flavor is for you.  Yum!Bling Bling Cookies & Cream: Caramel corn rolled in crushed Oreo cookies and dusted with metallic edible sparkly glittery things(bling bling).  As soon as you open the bag you get the aroma of Oreo cookies.  It tasted just like it's namesake sans the cream.  I really didn't' taste the cream part, but....  still a great popcorn if you're a fan of oreo cookies.Chicago:  It's a mix of caramel, white cheddar, and nacho.  It's sweet, salty, and cheesy.  It works.Salt & Vinegar:  Kettle corn tasting popcorn tossed with vinegar.  Oddly enough it works unlike the buffalo wing flavor below.  Not as acidic as the dill pickle flavor, more mellowed out.  Not my favorite Salt & Vinegar snack but tasty none the less.Buffalo Hot:  This flavor was disappointing.  It had a nice kick of heat but barely any wing flavor.  I wish it had the flavor intensity of their dill pickle one.  Needs more buffalo wing taste.  Also the base flavor of the popcorn is kettle corn which doesn't really work with buffalo wing.
2	I am not one to write reviews, in fact this is my second one.  I was a HUGE fan of Popped, in fact I was in the first five people to fill up my stamped card on their wall.  However, as time has gone by, this place has lost it for me.  I went ALOT during the holidays and bought tons of popcorn for myself and friends and family.  I have one of their menus which lists flavors that are NEVER in their store.  When I have spoken to one of the owners, I believe her name is Zelda; she assured me these flavors would be in the store after Christmas.  So, I decided to go the other night after dinner at BJs.  When I went in there, one customer was being helped at the register.  So, when Zelda came over and asked what I would like I asked again about PB & J.  And reminded her that she said it would be available after the New Year.  Well, she told me it just wasn't magical and they are not making it.  I would have appreciated or respected that answer months ago rather than being told it would be there.  Also, reprint the darn menus.  You charge enough for the popcorn, the very LEAST that you could do as a business is have accurate printed menus.  Not being catty here, these are the same menus they have been handing out since October.  Maybe have one section on it with regular flavors and another with seasonal.For me this place just doesn't seem to have longevity in keeping its customers; after a few months the novelty has worn off.
4	Cotton candy flavored kettle corn... say *what* now? That statement in itself doesn't look tasty at all, but I have to say for the many varieties of flavors you get, Popped is diverse with kettle corn snacking! I only stopped in when I was in the area for fresh52, and if you're curious to give it a go, they have an amazing deal that for $4 you can get a small bag of their kettle corn with every flavor mixed into it for sampling (I believe they called it the "Dirty Vegas" mixture!)I found it to be a stellar buy when you get $4 a bag to sample every flavor they got. It ranges from sweet, salty, and even spicy (I would be careful if you're not a spicy fan and you purchase "Dirty Vegas", since they put it all in one bag!) There's kettle corn flavored in caramel, chocolate, jalapeno, pickle (not as bad as it sounds!), ranch, cheddar, and a plethora of more flavors!If I'm going to have any more future movie nights, I'm definitely going to come here to buy my popcorn! I never want to touch a store packaged microwave popcorn *ever* again!
5	I love Popped. They have really creative flavors that are also delicious! My favorite flavors are the Marilyn (frozen), Smashing Pumpkin Spice and Cookies N Cream. Getting the frozen popcorn is fun but you have to eat it quickly. I like that you can sample whatever flavors they have on hand that day. Popcorn doesn't have to be boring!
5	Hello...can you say awesome!  I love popcorn so popped was definitely right up my alley. The people working are eager to share samples and give you a quick science lesson on the liquid nitrogen they use to freeze the corn.  Definitely cool...no pun intended.Tried the 505-spicy and sweet, nacho-cheesy yet sweet, and had the cinnamon and sugar frozen-nice touch of sweetness, almost like horchata but popcorn.
5	I decided to give this place a try and was not disappointed.  The Buffalo Hot popcorn mixed with Ranch is one of the most addictive things I have ever consumed.  I am totally in love with this place after one visit.  I can't wait to go back and try more flavors.
5	Oh.  My.  Goodness.  I never knew I could fall in love with popcorn ... until I met Popped!  They put a whole new meaning into the word Popcorn!  Their Marilyn Monroe is hands down my fav and I can't stay away! For my birthday -- they even made me a kick @$$ remix with all of my favorite flavors mixed today -- they are BOMB!I always bring my friends and family to Popped when they come into town because there is no one like them and every single person whines when they get home that they want more popcorn ... can't wait til you can order directly only *hint hint*
5	505, Marilyn Monroe, Smore's, frozen popcorn - the mind spins at the choices.  The owner I met was so friendly, and helpful.  Definitely a great gift for the 'snacker' who thinks they've tasted it all!  I didn't think it was expensive and I'm definitely going back for more!
5	I really really REALLY love this place.S'more popcorn is the best. Monroe - cocoanut with glitter and white chocolate.The pink one is my friends favorite - it has pop rocks in it. I love this place because it's a small business that treats people with kindness and passion for their product. They CARE that you are in their store and want you to like what you get, not just sell you something. I bring it to all "pot luck" sorts of things, parties, and use small bags to add to cards I give people for birthdays. Can't wait to try them all. Thanks Popped!
5	I hate flavored popcorn. Popcorn that has anything on it other than butter and salt is gross! So when some family members wanted to try out Popped, I was hesitant. Thank goodness I went along with them!The guy at the front counter ( I think he's the owner) is really friendly and hands out a lot of free samples. Amazing range of flavors-- hot and salty to sweet and coconutty. We bought a few bags, but we had to try the FROZEN popcorn. Yes-- FROZEN! They drench a bunch of popcorn in liquid nitrogen to temporarily freeze the popcorn. The best flavor combo  for frozen popcorn is the cookies n cream popcorn with the Marilyn Monroe (white chocolate and coconut). It tastes like frozen ice cream, but smoke curls out of your mouth and nose while you're eating. It's pretty trippy and worth trying (and makes for cool photos). You've got to try Popped!
5	I love popcorn. Sweet, savory, and frozen. Yah, you heard me, FROZEN. I had read about the staff putting the popcorn in liquid nitrogen but was a little skeptical so didn't really inquire about it.. After purchasing the La Famiglia(Garlic, parmesan, and onion) and the Marilyn Monroe (chocolate and coconut) I was offered a sample cup of the frozen Ranch popcorn. OMG. What an experience. It was so cool. Literally, I was blowing out cool air with every bite of bold ranch. If I hadn't just eaten breakfast, I probably would have ordered a cup to eat right there. My only complaint was that I wish the small was a little bigger. I think I paid $11 (with the yelp check-in 15% discount) and I got two small bags which didn't even fill a ziplock sandwich bag :( The popcorn had good flavor, could maybe use a little bit bigger kernels but I'd definitely come back for their FROZEN pocorn. Yummmm :) YELP 365: 164/365
5	Fantastic place! Do yourself a favor and take the drive off the strip, onto the 215 freeway, and into this shopping center to buy some delicious popcorn!I love that you can sample every flavor they have, and they don't seem annoyed at all if you want to sample a bunch of them.I ended up buying 3 small bags for my parents and niece, 1 small bag for my friend, 2 small bags for my boyfriend, and 1 large bag for myself - $35. Not bad!Everything we tried we liked - except the 505. The lady told us it had "a kick" but it was more like "a fire in your mouth." Way too spicy for us to handle!I loved the Dilly Pickle (that is the large bag I purchased for myself) and the Chocolate Tide (super salty chocolate!). I got Cookies and Cream for my niece, and for some odd reason I didn't think to sample it. She text me this morning though and said it's amazing. I'll have to swing by my parent's house to try it before she eats it all.If you check in on Yelp you get 15% off, but I forgot and didn't remember until after they rang me up. To make up for it, they gave me an extra stamp on the card they offer, so I am one stamp closer to a free bag. Hopefully I will have a chance to come back here again and buy more popcorn.
5	I am officially jumping on the Popped bandwagon. I'm not typically a fan of popcorn, but I've been hearing (and reading) great reviews about this place since they opened so I finally got a chance to check them out today. The place is small and clean with modern decor. As we walked in we were greeted very warmly by the woman behind the counter. She offered us samples to try before we ordered and made chit chat with us while we discussed our ordering decision. Since my family is originally from New Mexico we couldn't resist ordering the 505 to test it out. We also ordered the Dirty Vegas and a small Almond Caramel for good measure.We took advantage of the 15% off Yelp check-in offer and off we were with our purchases. Each of the flavors was distinct and delicious. The popcorn was extremely fresh and the flavors were unlike any I've had before. The 505 was definitely the star of the show. It's extremely spicy and the hint of white chocolate is a great contrast. The Dirty Vegas is great as well. Edible glitter? Who even knew that was a thing?! I can't wait to finish off the rest of our popcorn so I can go back again soon and try the rest of their delectable flavors, bother sweet and savory. The Marilyn Monroe is calling my name for next time!
5	The nitrogen blasted popcorn is a must-try but be sure to keep your mouth open while chewing or else the nitrogen will get to your head, lol. I tried a couple of flavors but I must say the cookies and cream is the best for the frozen selection. the staff was super friendly/attentive as well.
4	It's popcorn, so I didn't really expect too much. My girl was adament about trying this place last weekend, so I obliged. I went with the caramel almond flavor and we demolished the bag really fast. My girl got a spicy and sweet flavored one that was really good, but just almost a little too spicy. I'd come back, if I'm in the area.
5	Love love this place.  There are all sorts of flavors from sweet to savory and you can sample them all.  The nitrogen ones are interesting, but not really my cup of tea.  Not only can you purchase a cup to eat there but they sell it in bags that you can save for later or give as gifts.
5	You know what I find absolutely crazy? When I ask Vegas locals if they ever heard of Popped and they say no. ....WHAT?! Wait, WHAT?! Are you for serious?? At first it's like a huge shock, but then it gets really fun since I love blowing their minds with what I'm about to tell them...Popped is a cute little popcorn store nestled in the corner of a large plaza of probably other cool places, but it'll honestly seem unimportant after you walk in to Popped. They have a wide range of flavors from NORI to COOKIES & CREAM.COOKIES-AND-CREAM.WITH GLITTER.Honestly there's so many flavors that I can't even remember all of them, but here are a few that I tried and/or stood out: Marilyn Monroe-- white chocolate, coconut, w/ white glitterNachoChicago-- caramel and cheese Dill Pickle (ask for SPICY dill pickle)Salt & VinegarPinkadelic-- sort of like a candy mixture popcorn etc.I would love to break it down for you on how I liked each one, but then I thought, why would I ruin all the fun for you?? You can sample each and every flavor you please! It gets better.... you have the option of NITROGEN FREEZING it!! It makes the popcorn frozen and crispy with a cool smoke effect. You know that eerie cool witches' cauldron effect you see in movies? Well imagine that but a mini cauldron (your cup) filled with POPCORN! Unfortunately it only lasts about 5-10 min, so no gifting that cool effect. But you do have options of taking other flavors home that's already packaged for you! All this awesomeness for about $5! P.S. They're opening one in Town Square by the Apple store!
5	Visit 8/14/12This little popcorn shop is located on the Eastern Ave corridor between Silverado Ranch and Serene. It's near BJ's and East Ocean. Parking is ok but can get crazy.There's a lot of food and dessert options in the area. This store has a great modern style decor and good vibe.I stopped in right before they were ready to close but no problem, the staff was friendly and not even trying to rush us. Plus they let you sample anything and try what looks good.If you have tried it do the pickle flavor popcorn cuz it's just oddly a cool taste.and you'll buy it aftre the taste settles. I LOVE NEW STUFF!The store has very good displays of the actual products which is good to visualize. Plus menu boards and easy to understand descriptions and prices.Prices a little high if you just say I'm getting popcorn, but worth it.All around great experience and good small business.
5	My girl friend and I love it.  Great place.  Try the Marlyn Monroe.  Service was very friendly and helpful explaining all their products.....  And they have a new location next to Brios at Twon Sq!
4	Every crave something you just cannot get it out of your head?   It's pop corn for me, the kind you get at the movies with all that butter and added flavors like white Cheddar cheese.We decided to give Popped a try and walked in to to a small, quaint place with two bubbly ladies working behind the counter.  One was busy talking with a few Asian fellows, perhaps tourists, and she was demonstrating the frozen popcorn to them.My husband and I tried the sample they offered, which was the raspberry chocolate.  It was good, but didn't have intense flavor I thought it would. We ended up getting a savory "chock you jalapeno".  The portion size was just right and the flavor wasn't too  spicy hot.  I would like to go back for sure.
5	I LOVE popcorn. Delicate whites, movie theater style, plain old butter, and of course, all the flavors that Popped has!! We totally stumbled upon this place while we were trying to find a frozen custard place.The other Yelpers aren't lying when they say you can try EVERY FLAVOR if you'd like. Probably cause this stuff is EXPENSIVE. Honestly they are all great but my personal favorite was the nacho flavor. God, I am a sucker for flavored/real cheese and that kind IS bomb. They also have a location in Town Square, so come check it out!!
5	Oh yea get in my belly!!!!We drive to Vegas quite a bit for family birthday parties and such. So, I was excited when I saw Chris D's review. We planned our departure around the store hours. Everyone in the car was happy to stop and was even more happy to try all the samples.We all LOVED the FROZEN popcorn. We tried the cinnamon sugar and it was so good. But, it must be eaten right then and we were all full from breakfast. I loved and purchased 3 bags of 505 which is extremely spicy red and green hatch chile with white chocolate. I also mixed Jalapeno with 505 for my Bro and mixed Carmel Almond with Chocolate Flow for two of my other sisters. The rest of the family got Jalapeno and Bling Bling cookies and cream which was gone by the time we got home to OC.We highly recommend stopping in this store, it was fun and delicious. Everyone went crazy for the bags we got them. There was also a Yelp check discount so, be sure to check in when you walk in.They also had the cutest displace by the front door. It was their version of a candy bar for a wedding or bridal party. All the beautiful vases were filled with a variety of flavored popped corn. Great Idea!!! It looked great.
4	In desperate need of a little snack I looked up and saw Popped across the parking lot and figured what the heck! Dill pickle, jalapeno, smore, & buffalo wing popcorn! What the What!  There are way too many flavors to try at once. I left with 3 small tubs to sample, and they were gone by the end of the night. Who would have though.... gourmet popcorn. They have small tubs and giant tubs, great for events and gifts too.
5	Popped is a great place to get popcorn individually or for an event.  Recently, I just had my wedding and instead of a candy bar - we did a popcorn bar!  We chose 3 popcorn flavors (Marilyn Monroe, Chocolate Tide and Pinkedelic) put them in large bevarage tubs with scoopers and it was a hit!  Guests scooped the popcorn in our party favor bags to go or snacked on it during the party.  We received many compliments on how delicious the popcorn was!  I highly recommend Popped Gourmet Popcorn for all parties or just to snack on!
5	So I strolled into popped on eastern to buy some popcorn for my mom. As soon as I walked in the smell of sweet and savory popcorn surrounded me. The gentelmen at the counter was very helpful and offered me samples.He explained how they use the higest quality ingredients. In the marilyn monroe they even use edible glitter. They are a small business that takes pride in the quality of the product. As soon as I tried the smores popcorn and the chicago mix I was quickly hooked! Needles to say I left with some popcorn for my mom and a little stash for me! They are also located at Town Square. I always grab some over there before I head to the movies! They are very grateful for business. One of the owners actually came out of the business before I left to thank me. There are no negatives to this bussines. Affforable beyond delicious popcorn and above and beyond customer sevice. O.K. maybe there is one negative...all this delicious popcorn can be addiciting which leads to tight jeans. So in your in the mood for some popcorn head to Popped.
2	Where were the weird nitro going-ons when I stopped in?? This place was super dead. Employees were just sitting around. I was really excited to try their popcorn concoctions and I left feeling "meh". They kindly allow you to try the popcorns and I was a bit thrown off by the almost stale-like crunch they had to them. We did order the white cheddar and s'mores just to give it a fair shot and also because I felt slightly odd walking in, trying their popcorn and then walking out....The white cheddar actually tasted pretty gross. It had an odd cheese doodle-like, crumby coating to it. Left the fingers messy! The hubz was turned off immediately because he disliked the hint of sweetness it had, but he liked the s'mores flavor a lot. I  was kinda disappointed by the lack of graham cracker/marshmallow that that particular flavor should have had in abundance. Its nothing special.I'm a fan of those Christmas time popcorn tins (more for nostalgic reasons) and I was looking forward to putting together a gourmet one this year,...this place just inspired me to make it myself at home. :\ Bummer.
5	Two words: Frozen popcorn!Seriously. Delicious And Fun.
5	Great popcorn place. Really awesome staff. Incredible with kids. I can't say enough about this place. The "Dilly Pickle" is fantastic. The Buffalo Hot is not too spicy, but has a good kick. I mix these two together and it's a great movie or football snack. I'm sad that 1 reviewer went off on the store, but these folks represent the BEST of local small business and should be supported as much as possible.
5	I'm not going to lie, I am a sucker for popcorn. I tried this shop when it first opened and was hooked. Now that I live closer it is a much more frequented spot of mine.I love the variety of flavors and how they usually have something new to try when I stop by. The caramel and cheese mixes are spot on, combining sweet and savory for a delectable treat. Salt and Vinegar is one of my go to favorites. It is slightly salty and not overly bitter. For Halloween they had an cookies and cream based popcorn with gummi worms, making it like the "mud pudding cups" I fondly remember as a young child. The only flavor thaI have not enjoyed was the Dill Pickle. Luckily someone else in my house hold loved it. It was mostly my fault though. It sounded intriguing so I had to get it despite the fact I am not overly fond of dill...
5	I'm in love with this place!  I love popcorn!  I'm that girl that will go to a movie theater, not to see the movie, but to get pass the usher, and tell him I'm not here to see a movie, I just want some popcorn! I've been seeing this place, kept saying I was going to stop by!  Wow!  I might just be the duchess of this place soon!  So we tried a couple of the samples, And I ended up buying Curious....That's the name of it!  It's caramel with peppermint mixed in it!  It's soooooooo good!  On the way out, I decided to try one that had a jalapeno flavor, at first I didn't think I liked it, but the more I chewed it.....hummm the taste changed.  Wow, I think I will buy this one next time I visit!  I was very impressed with this flavor.
5	We had a coupon for 20% off any popcorn orders when we came to visit Las Vegas. My wife is a HUGE popcorn fan and we thought it would be perfect to check out Popped while visiting Las Vegas. Let me start by stating how friendly and helpful the staff was in our visit. We were treated warmly and offered taste samples prior to purchase. The gentleman who assisted us gave us many taste suggestions as well as mixtures of flavors to maximize our popcorn "experience." We purchased three bags (one chocolate and two savory flavors). I'm sure we'll be back again either this week or during our next visit. We were informed by the gentleman who helped us they have a location in the Las Vegas Town Center and their popcorn is offered in a number of the strip casinos' shops.We plan to order their popcorn for friends and family for Christmas gifts.
5	Who can pass up delicious popcorn in out-of-this-world flavors? Certainly not me. So, I figured I would share during this holiday season and get some of the variety packs of cups and bags ordered online (since I'm in the San Francisco Bay Area) and pass them out as gifts. The box arrived and I was excited but noticed that I was missing one of the 6 variety cups. I contacted them and really would have been happy with just the one missing cup being sent but they went above and beyond and sent me a whole new 6 cups!  I guess that means more to share with people and hopefully get them hooked on Popped too. Wow, now that is customer service that goes into the stratosphere.And the next time I'm in Vegas, you can bet I'll be stopping by for more delicious goodness from Popped!
4	I have to say I was not overwhelmed. The popcorn was good, but the store itself was not. I have had Popped at different events across town and have been wanting to try it for a bit. The gimmick of the frozen popcorn is the draw for many people, including myself, but it does not last "5-10 minutes" as quoted by the girl behind the counter. Within a minute the frozen-ness wore off. The taste is still darn good afterward, though. I'm not sure if they were shipping out to a platoon or something the day I went in, but there were boxes and boxes and boxes stacked to the ceiling, creating the tiniest pathway from the entrance to the register. It was hard to move around the room with these really enormous boxes taking up all the space. As for the flavors, so good though. Dirty Vegas is perfect for my sweet and savory tooth, any cheesy flavors, and of course, Dilly Pickle. Prices are reasonable but I don't think I will be doing the frozen again since you get about half the frozen for the same price as a small bag. Solid but not a perfect 5-star experience.
5	I love the popcorn here. I bought a tin which was $20 for the first time, but every time you come back with it, it only costs $10 to fill the tin up. I am a huge fan of mixing the nacho and ranch popcorn. the jalapeno is really good too.
5	I love this place so much that I had to post my review.  I happen to find this place after moving into the area.  Needless to say I've been a loyal customer for a year now.  Their popcorn is so yummy.  I've tried almost everything,  if not everything... LOL and all of it taste good.  You can sample different flavors so you don't end up getting a bag of something you hate.  My absolute favorite is the Chocolate Tide.  It's a mixture of caramel with dark chocolate drizzles and sea salt.  Can we say ADDICTED.  It's the best of both worlds, sweet and salty.  Even got my hubby hooked on it and he's pretty picky about what he eats.   So if you love popcorn you have to check out this place. They even have a Townsquare location.
4	Not being a popcorn connoisseur I can't say I know what truly constitutes good popcorn and great popcorn. However, Popped has some darn good caramel corn. The place is priced appropriately and they have a crazy variety of flavors. I've had them on a few different occasions and try to select a new flavor every time. What I like is that you don't have to eat all of it at once, the popcorn stays pretty fresh as long as you keep it sealed. I'll definitely be back for more - because as you know, once you Pop, you can't stop.
5	Was visiting family in Vegas when my niece anther famil brought this popcorn over.  I luved it. I can't wait for my order to show up....
5	i went to their other location and was terribly disappointed with the (lack of) service there but it was like night and day going to their original location.  Friendly, patient service.  Offered samples and didn't get annoyed when I used a coupon.  Really enjoyed two flavors: 505 (white chocolate with chiles for a kick) and La Famiglia (parmesan, garlic, and onion).  Definitely returning to THIS location when in Vegas/Henderson again.
4	It's a great spot to pick up a snack or a gift for someone else. They give out free samples, so try them out before you buy. I tried a few flavors but the dark chocolate and sea salt won me over. I got a small bad of it which barely lasted the day. I'll be back to try more. Father's day is coming up. This would be one gift I would love to receive.
1	I've seen this place many times, and today I decided to give it a try. My sister ordered a small ($3.) bag of "La Famigilia," which is parmesan, garlic and onion flavored, and I ordered a medium ($5.) bag of "Chicago," which was Caramel and Cheese. When we were looking around (we were the only ones in the store) the young lady did not offer any "try a taste" bites. We paid, and It was packed in a cute carry bag. When I got home I discovered that both bags were the small ones, and there was no receipt to prove what I paid. Also, it was about 5 or 6 miles away, so I just decided to forget it.I should have returned it. The "La Famiglia" had sweet pieces in it like some caramel was mixed in.  The "Chicago," which was caramel and cheese has always had cheddar cheese in every other variety I've had.  This one had cheddar *and* parmesan, which gave it a weird taste.  Plus the bottom inch or inch and a half was all crumbles, as if it had bbeen sitting at the bottom of a box or something.For what I paid, I'm not going back. Sorry.
4	Frozen popcorn...who would've thunk it? Had the smores and it was delicious and intriguing! Too bad this place is on the other side of town! Prices are actually reasonable for the amount that you get. Will defintely be bringing out of town guest to this place.
5	This is absolutely the best place for popcorn... to enjoy, to share, for gifts, for party favors-- you name it.  The popcorn is huge-- the kernels are popped BIG and they are coated in all kinds of delicious goodness.  It's always fresh and amazing.  It blows any other popcorn place in town away by a longshot.  I live way across town from this place in either of its location, and I would travel the 20 miles just to get the popcorn here.  It's amazing... trust me!
5	I was excited to see a popcorn shop close to home. I was happy to find shortly after I had discovered the Popped sign, they were shortly open 2 weeks after. The owner was super friendly and his enthusiasm to let me taste test and demonstrate their new "nitrogen" twist made my experience top notch. I have not heard or seen nitrogen popcorn before and I must say it was a fun touch and refreshing on a hot summer day. I recommend the "marilyn monroe" flavor. Although, I do wish they had more flavors. If you love popcorn, you gotta check out Popped :)
5	OMG officially my new fave spot!!
5	Addicted to popcorn:  it's a serious condition and Popped is my pusher. My favorites of the moment are the elusive PB&J (watch FB to check out when this delicious treat pops up) mon cheri, Pinkadelic (pop rocks and nerds c'mon easy fav) La famiglia, and the habanero/cheese blend, you have to ask them to mix it for you since it's not an official flavor but helloooo Jahana Special anyone. Anyone? We are currently shipping popcorn to our family in NY after their recent visit to Vegas. We are now supplying their habit, I guess that makes us the pushers now.I really do love this place, all of it. I love the popcorn, the store, the location, and the management. When someone loves what they do and puts their heart and soul into something you can tell.
4	My husband & I have passed by Popped many times and regret taking so long to stop in. There is a nice variety of custom flavors that you can mix & match. I'm completely hooked on the 505 mixed with the nacho flavor ~ love the spicy combo. My hubby is faithful to the nacho flavor as he enjoys a nice cheesy fix. Their prices are certainly reasonable and the staff is always welcoming and knowledgeable about the different flavors. And, if in doubt what to buy~ try a sample! You won't be disappointed.
5	I have had only the best experience with this popcorn. I buy it frequently as gifts for business associates and the gift is always met with joy. I also eat quite a bit myself I want to add. The ingredients are fresh and creative and the flavors are unmatched by any other popcorn I have ever had. EVER. Truly inspired popcorn making. Cudos! I particularly like the seasonal Smashing Pumpkin blend they are using now. It's got the perfect taste of the holidays. Baby kisses all day!
5	I love the selections. They are slways helpful snd pack the bsgs by your choice of flavors . I travel from la to vegas and I never leave vegas without dropping in for couple bags.
5	HANDS DOWN MY FAV POPCORN SPOTI am addicted and I hate the fact that one of my jobs is located in the same plaza. Their la famiglia especially. Its fall so they have this pumpkin flavored popcorn. It's definitely going to drive you pumpkin pie latte whatevs crazy. I've also tried their frozen popcorn. It's a funny snack experience. Its like eating that dry ice but in popcorn form.They make some, if not all, their popcorn with coconut oil instead of the usual stuff other places slap on their corn so its a bit healthier.
3	The popcorn is amazing and delicious and I love it but I had to take off two stars because while the guy behind the counter was awesome, the dark haired woman behind the counter was very rude and shouldn't be allowed to work the register. Four customers (FOUR! I'm not exaggerating) walked out while we were there because the woman at the register was taking a single customer's order over the phone and she couldn't even be bothered to put them on hold momentarily and apologize to everyone else for the extremely long wait. We were in a great mood so we let it slide, and just waited till she was finished. After we had ordered (and ate) our popcorn she also couldn't even be bothered to acknowledge our presence when we left. We said "Thank you for the great popcorn" and she completely ignored us. We thought maybe she hadn't heard so we repeated ourselves and again she completely ignored us and instead began talking to someone else. Boo! A little manners goes a long way. I want to say I'll be back but based on her attitude I really don't know. I give them 3 your-lucky-your-popcorn-is-so-good-because-your-service-was-crappy stars.
5	Excellent! Highly recommend
5	I have been going to Popped with my fiance since they opened. Oli and his crew are magicians. Every creation is perfect. The flavors are spot on and I am completely addicted. They have everything covered sweet, savory and FROZEN!We've even created a following out of state! We've brought all of our friends and family there when they've stopped here from NY. Now, they are calling us up to have us ship it to them!They have a great layout for events and the frozen stations are just a blast.I'm addicted to Pink a delic and when they release the PB& J you have to run there to get it! It doesn't last the afternoon. . . for good reason!
5	Blows the competition out of the water. Oli and his crew are unreal. The best. Hands down. No questions asked. Clean. Fun. Unique. Creative flavor profiles. Amazing and friendly staff. Great for a party or event. Great gift for the holidays or a memento to bring back friends when you leave Las Vegas. Don't be afraid to ask about different flavors, the staff seems to be expertly trained on corn and every imaginable flavor combination to suit your needs! Try Pink'Adelic if your into some groovy candy flavors, Chocolate Tide if you (like me) love that perfect mix of dark chocolate and saltiness or S'mores for a trip down memory lane. Marilyn is as classic and refined as her namesake (popcorn with white chocolate+coconut and what seems to be edible glitter or gold or something). 505 is HOTTTTT but damn good. Get Toasted (caramel, cinnamon and sugar!) tastes exactly like Cinnamon Toast Crunch cereal (talk about a little nostalgia!). Enough reading the posts...just go try for yourself and you'll be hooked.
5	Great idea for wedding favors!!!!!! Amazing customer service- you can tell this guy loves his job!!
5	Just so happened was having lunch with visitors in town and they noticed gourmet popcorn store in the same shopping mall as Smashburger. So after lunch we headed over too check it out. Happy they suggested it because now if ever in need for tasty popcorn not just your plain butter popcorn found the spot. The smell as soon as you walk in thinking going too watch movie. Popcorn, drink, candy, and movie  nothing better in life. I really like the menu soon as you walk in. They have it broken down into three selections savory,  caramel, and chocolate. All different color just in case you get confused. Talk about some creative names for popcorn too! Nothing too worry about confusion because they describe actually in it below. Also look for there daily specials located on different wall. I like the different sizes you can choose from bag, tin, or straight gallon tim of popcorn. They let you try any flavor you just have too ask. I tried few on the menu and also couple that was on daily special list. I ended up going with the savory selection. I was torn between jalapeno and cheddar. The employee (sorry wish got her name because she was really helpful for all of us first timer, great service, and made you feel welcome with big smile) suggest combo or both. Guess they mix the two or maybe they have dual combination flavor. I should have confirm but all I know was it had the perfect balance of little jalapeno kick and nice miild cheddar. The only downfall was the $3 bag not getting ones fix in but tease.  They ship  the popcorn too. Anywhere not sure? Also have some kind of stamp card or might be electronic stamp card once fill out get free one. Not much spots too sit down enjoy popcorn, no fountain station but have bunch of different bottle water, juice, or sodas can get with your popcorn. I like the decor inside. It definitely has this hippy happy feel good vibe too it. Plus the smell like mention is great! I plan on coming back checking out more flavors!
5	Oh, Hell yeah!!!   This is the absolute BEST place for popcorn. Samples are available for all flavors. they will ship out of the area for you and if you return the empty tin, you get a $10. discount on the next "tin" refill. LOVE this place.The Marilyn Monroe flavor is a MUST!!
5	So many different and unique flavors. ALL SO GOOD, it's hard to deicide.
5	What a great experience! We stopped in this afternoon to taste popcorn for our wedding. Unfortunately I can't remember the name of the girl who helped us (it was a long day of running from vendor to vendor) but she was a complete sweetheart!We tried: White cheddarCheddar cheeseNacho cheeseSalt & vinegarCaramelGet toasted (cinnamon sugar)S'moresChocolate TidePink'adelicEverything was yummy! We had planned on three flavors for our popcorn bar and ended up upping that to four because they were all so good! The girl who helped us even froze some of the "Get Toasted" flavor for us which was yummy and totally fun! She was more than willing to keep getting us sample after sample and we are looking forward to sharing this great treat with the guests at our wedding in July. We love Popped!
5	Bitching green chile white chocolate popcorn.  My husband who hates popcorn ate it all.
4	Five Yelpers walk into a popcorn shop that offers free samples and you know what happens?   "OMG, it smells good in here!" "They have cinnamon flavor!" "Can I please sample the Get Toasted?" "May I try the Buffalo Hot & Ranch?" "How about that Pink'Adelic?  What is that?  Can I try it?  It's got Nerds and Pop Rocks in it!" "There's a daily special board, too!  We didn't try those flavors yet!  What's Chocolate Tide?"You get the idea.  We did this for a good while and, God bless that pleasant and helpful young lady behind the counter, she never blinked an eye with our numerous requests for samples and our questions on a recent Sunday afternoon.  We were lucky there was no one else in the shop when we were because we probably would have annoyed any other customers, what with all the asking of the questions, the sampling of the popcorn, the taking of the pictures (AKA, typical Yelp behavior).  Being a cinnamon fan, I got a small bag of the Get Toasted ($4), which has a caramel base with cinnamon and sugar; I like it much more than its counterpart at another popcorn shop I frequent.  I also got a small bag of the Marilyn Monroe ($5), which is white chocolate, coconut, and kettle corn.  You get 15% off with a Yelp check-in, so don't forget to use that.  It was after I bought those two bags that we spied the daily specials, which included Chocolate Tide: dark chocolate and sea salt with a caramel base.  I was SO tempted to get a third bag, but I resisted; the sample I had was delicious, though--I'll definitely be back for that.  Oh, and that Bling-Bling cookies n cream flavor is good, too...*They no longer have a location at Town Square.*
4	I love popcorn and wanted to check out this place!  On the window there was a sign for frozen popcorn...  what in the world is that? So that was my immediate question for the girl helping us out.   They pour liquid nitrogen over the popcorn.  It was definitely different but I think it actually took away from the flavor of popcorn.  The store is very clean with tables for guests to sit and enjoy their treat.  There are three categories for their popcorn as far as pricing goes.  They sell small and large bags as well as small and large refillable tins.  The tins are a great way to bring the customer back as it gives $10 off your next fill of the tin! Love this idea.   They offer 18 varieties of flavors.  I was a little bummed that only one flavor has white cholocate.  I'm hoping they will incorporate white chocolate in more of their flavors.  Otherwise it is a great popcorn spot! I'll be bringing my tin back for a refill soon!
5	Best popcorn ever! I'm officially addicted to this place! I recommend the Lemon Tart, Hot Stuff, Marilyn Monroe, Chocolate Tide, and S'mores! They staff and owner are very friendly and will let you sample any flavor you wish to try. Next time you go to the movies, sneak some of THIS popcorn in!
4	I normally hate Popcorn shops because a) they tend to be extremely overpriced and 2) they always make you buy too much popcorn so that you end up wasting a lot of it.Popped seems different.  There are economical (I am sure with a large profit margin) portions (small bag $3.00-$5.00, small container $4.00 - $6.00) and they have an easy to follow "menu" showing the different kinds of popcorn and the prices associated with them.  The theme seems to be movie based and it works. We tried the salt and vinegar (not my fave), white cheddar (give me more), Ranch (everyone else loved this one, I personally hate all things ranch), and several chocolate varieties which were excellent.  The only reason this place doesn't get that elusive 5th star is because they don't offer affordable options for mixing flavors.  Even a small sampler wheel like other establishments would have been nice.  They do have a 3 popcorn option where they put a divider into a tin.  They will mix more flavors in but some will have to touch.  The benefit of the 3 flavor tin is it is priced at the average price of the three flavors so if you get one of each price level, you pay the middle price.  Still, I wanted to take home a sampling of all their flavors and they could not accomodate.
3	After trying the dilly pickle at the Epicurean Affair I wanted to try more flavors. I did not realize Popped was right next door to Nielsen's Frozen Custard so after I had my custard I went over to sample flavors.I tried the cheddar popcorn, white cheddar popcorn, salt and vinegar, chili con queso, chocolate tide, and a few other savory flavors I can't remember. My two favorites were the most basic the cheddar and white cheddar popcorn. Neither were over seasoned like all the other savory flavors I had tried. I was told the chocolate tide was chocolate with sea salt but I couldn't taste any sea salt. Overall, I was not very impressed with the flavors I tried.
5	God, I love popcorn. It's my life-force. I could be glued to my couch completely antisocial, and you could invite me to the movies with the promise of over-priced popped corn kernels slathered in butter, and Voila! I'm there in a flash.What I love about Popped the most compared to most other popcorn shops is the fact that their product tastes anything but fake. No ridiculous artificial colors and greasy melted plastic flavored "butter" they want you to believe is good. They're constantly thinking outside of the box and offering new and fun flavors. And my nephews absolutely love eating frozen popcorn. It's so much fun!I, for one, am addicted to the Marilyn Monroe popcorn with white chocolate and coconut flakes. Unfortunately for some unforeseen reason they no longer put edible glitter in it to give it that glam, but when they did... wow. I knew I was consuming A LOT when I was pooping glitter. TMI? I don't care. Who gets to say they sh*t glitter? I did! Don't judge me. Judge them for yourselves.
5	I saw another Yelper's review on this place, and I was sold. I couldn't imagine frozen popcorn!!I LOVED it. The girl working was really friendly. She let us sample a few flavors. Any of their flavors can be frozen except the caramel almond. I got the cinnamon sugar & my husband got the cookies and cream. Both were delicious. It is such a unique and fun twist on something so familiar. It is hard to describe to people who haven't tried it...and if you haven't tried it, you totally need to!!The frozen-Ness only lasts about 15 minutes before it returns to regular flavored popcorn, but even then it is a yummy flavored popcorn.We've told at least a dozen people about it & We already have our flavors picked out for next time.They just opened a end location on Hualapai/Twain which is closer to me, so I have a feeling I'm going to be full of frozen popcorn this summer!!
5	This popcorn was amazing I have never tried  frozen popcorn and it was awesome! Freezing it makes it completely different, it melts in your mouth while keeping the unique flavored offered. An added bonus when getting frozen is when they make it the dried ice steams and the smoke comes down the counter and has a very cool effect.We got the Bling-Bling Cookies&Cream and the Marilyn Monroe (both frozen) both are so good and taste delicious! They also are very good mixed together because both of the flavors seem to compliment each other.I live near Seattle and I have tried several gourmet popcorn places in the city; None of which match this place in creativity or taste. I highly recommend it to all popcorn lovers and suggest you try the frozen popcorn.
5	The white cheddar was a BIG HIT at our wedding-it was the only flavor we ran out of! Thank you Popped for providing us with the perfect treats for our popcorn bar. Our guests haven't stopped complimenting it!
4	After having brunch at nearby Crepe Expectations, even though we were completely stuffed, Allison S. and I couldn't resist stopping by Popped to get some munchies for later. Popped is located in a fairly busy shopping center with ample parking. I found the actual store to be a bit on the small side and it was hot and humid inside, I am unsure if they were having issues with their air conditioning perhaps?A friendly female employee welcomed us and offered us samples of all sorts of delicious popcorn. In fact even after we had made our purchases, she was still offering up more samples. I ended up with 3 small bags of popcorn:Jalapeno - For my husband. I didn't care much for it, but I don't do jalapeno flavored anything. Chili Limon - From the special menu, the only thing I didn't get to sample. I knew my husband would love it based only on the name and I was right. I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it as wellPink'Adelic - I knew as soon as I read the description I wanted it. White chocolate, raspberry, pop rocks AND nerds?! Count me in. With the 15% Off Yelp offer, my total was just over $10. My husband and I munched on our popcorn all weekend, it's delicious and super addictive. I will certainly be "popping" into Popped in the future for more delicious sweet and salty snacks!
5	Neat store!!!  Yes, they have a nice selection of flavored popcorns but the special thing about this place is they use liquid nitrogen to freeze the popcorn.  When you eat it, the frozen "smoke" comes out of your mouth.  So much fun.  The kids LOVED this place.
4	Cute place to get freshly popped gourmet popcorn in a variety of flavors.  My favorite flavor Is La Famiglia (parmesan, garlic & onion). It's crispy & flavorful!  They also have frozen popcorn which my daughter & niece enjoyed. Prices are reasonable, $3-$5 for a small bag & $5-$7 for large. Store is clean. Friendly staff although the girl who helped us seemed a little annoyed & rushed.
4	I'm not a popcorn person but this is really good.
5	We used Popped's Frozen Popcorn Bar for favors at our wedding reception (8/30/14). Popped went above and beyond to ensure every detail was taken care of and absolutely impressed all of our guests. It was the detail that everyone will talk about for months to come. They were very reasonably priced, Olivier was wonderful, and the ladies who maintained the booth were professional. We can't say enough great things about their popcorn bar and overall experience. Use them for favors.. your guests will love it and you won't regret it!
2	I love popcorn however the flavors I tried (can't remember which) weren't all that tasty to me. Nice place, friendly lady helped me but ehhh. No one even offered me to try any of this frozen popcorn I keep reading about but oh well I probably won't be back anyway.
5	Hawaii people!  Have your family and friends got their fill of Vegas beef jerky and bagel chips?  Well, then head to Popped and bring home some of the best gourmet popcorn there is.  I brought home the salt and vinegar, la famiglia (parmesan, garlic & onions finished with sweet basil), and chocolate tide (caramel base, dark chocolate & New Zealand sea salt) which is just 3 of their awesome 20 flavors.Be sure to check in on yelp to get 15% off your order! If you visit their Eastern location, be sure to make a stop at Pink Box Doughnuts.  :D
3	Bought several flavors as a gift and was able to taste many. While the savory flavors are my favorite, they all must contain sugar because they have a sweet taste.
5	I got the famiglia popcorn. It is very tasty! I will be back to try the dill pickle, yum!!!
5	Had a sweet tooth after our lunch and saw this place. Glad we stopped by. Purchased the 3 for $10, 3 oz containers. Flavors we decided to try were all very tasty: Marilyn, S'mores, and Dirty Vegas.
