4	I have been on a quest.. a quest for the almighty bacon wrapped hot dog or the Tijuana Hot Dog aka Mexican Hot Dog.. these bad boys are so illegal one lady selling them in LA was sent to jail for 45 days! Apparently the board of health doesn't look to kindly on street vendors grilling these on the side of the road. After much searching on the internet for potential suitors for me quest I found this one, Mereno's in Mesa. This place isn't just in Mesa but in the part of Mesa that is well, like stepping into Little Mexico. Its awesome really.. carneceria's, Mexican food stands and of course 2 TJ hot dog joints (the second we spotted on the drive up to Moreno's).Once there we were impressed! With all the buildings around there looking worn and tattered, Moreno's was like finding the Titty Twister in the middle of the Mexican desert, place was hopping! Of course we we're the only white boys in there but hey, if you like the looks of Latin men, well heyyyyyyyy!! We ordered 4 dogs, a cheese quesadilla and a carne asada burro.. oh, they also have Coke and Sprite (Mexican versions) in the glass bottle! Saweet! After ordering we were told that we need to go back outside and pick up the dogs. Strange but okay.. made me a little nervous until we got outside and there was a street cart.. this guy was the hot dog monster! He had 4 made with all the toppings (beans, onions, salsa, etc) but to or disappointment the dogs weren't wrapped in bacon. Apparently the AZ board of health got to this place as well. The bacon was chopped and put into the hot dog boat (bun with a slit only in the center).  When we got inside we grabbed a booth and took in the surroundings. This place is actually pretty decent. Super clean, very comfortable and a nice salsa bar close to the counter. They had avocado cream, 2 kinds of salsa as well as cucumbers and radishes plus limes.  We of course we to town, I love 'salad' with my Mexican food! Once we were set up we tore into the dogs! They were fantastic.. the flavors and textures were as comforting as they were somehow exotic. Mayonnaise with salsa and bean, who knew?The burro and the quesadila showed shortly after a few minutes. Oh the quesadilla.. super crispy and cheesy! The carne asada burro was huge! Surprisingly packed full of meat, pico de gallo and rice.. Ive never had one this way but I cant believe what Ive been missing all these years! Tender, salty, a little spicy (additional salsa) and slightly creamy as the rice was done very well! As we waddled out of there and made it to the car we knew that we will certainly be coming back! On the way west to the 101 we noticed about 4 different street carts, all serving the same thing.. those yummy TJ hot dogs!Anyone up for a crawl? Who knows, maybe one will be wrapped in bacon?
5	Had the Chimichanga - excellent. Then ordered up a Sonoran Hot Dog - it was also excellent. It thought it was a fast food type place, but it took a good 15 min to get my food - a testament to the freshness & quality of the food. I will be back and take my friends to experience a Sonoran Hot Dog.
4	HOT DOG!!! I was turned on to this place from a fellow yelp-er, complaining about another joint I was at last week, the Sonoran Hot Dog is all I have had here. Very good.
4	Okay, finally, mission accomplished. I have finally found Sonoran hot dogs in the Phoenix area (that are not sold off of a cart that comes and goes). While not as good as El Guero Canelo or BK in Tucson, these were pretty good. Plus, I don't have to drive 100 miles to get them. I also had the carne asada torta. It was pretty good, though the buns were a little overdone, giving the whole thing a slightly burned taste. This seems to be a common problem with tortas though. My wife had a chile relleno and the menudo. She thought the chili relleno was the best she's had locally, while the menudo was decent. She though Filiberto's was better, so that gives you an idea. This is a nice looking little place in a rougher area of Mesa, and it was clean and pleasant. Service was pretty good, not super-friendly but efficient and not hostile in any way. All of the food above, along with drinks and the side dishes that came with the main courses, came up to about $28. Not bad. This is more of a three star place, but the fact that they have Sonoran hot dogs, plus the fact that the chili relleno is, according to my wife, top notch, convinced me to give it the extra star.
5	This is a small mexican restaurant that has its stuff together.  very well prepared food, great service and clean.  I recommend the Moreno's Burrito with asada and red sauce, delicious!
3	Went back again today. Sonoran hot dogs were still good, but not up to Tucson standards. Torta, not so good. Tacos, decent, but nothing special. Our initial order was wrong. Our second order was also wrong. Still worth the trip since it is one of the only places in the Valley doing Sonoran hot dogs, but there are many places better for Sonoran Mexican food overall. Oh, the fried ice cream was excellent. Large portions for a good price.
5	Awesome! Awesome! Yummy! Sonoran dogs!!!!
4	I happened in to this stylish, fairly small fast casual place today, where they have lots of booths (Yeah booths!), an attractive, colorful menu featuring their excellent selection of food at reasonable prices, a nice salsa bar, & super friendly service!I ordered Tortilla Soup, & an Asada Torta.  Pretty soon my "small" soup arrived.  It came in a REAL (not styrofoam!) bowl, with a REAL metal spoon!  Can you imagine?  It was chock full of chicken, avocado, other goodies, & of course, tortilla strips.  It was DELICIOUS, & just a small taco with it would have added up to a full meal!  Soon after, my torta arrived...  good sized, tasty, & accompanied by a big side of hot, fresh, crispy french fries (that I didn't expect).  Even though they had lots of customers, staff members found the time to check on me both after I started on the soup, & on the torta, to be sure I was happy with everything.  (Yes!)Now for me, the torta wasn't quite a match in taste for the best ones at Los Reyes & Tortas Paquime, but I DO like this place & want to come back!
3	My boyfriend had one of his cravings for some Sonoran hotdogs, I'm not a fan of hot dogs AT ALL.. But it was one of those compromise while in a relationship moments so I played nice and went along. They do have a lot of food to choose from besides the hotdogs and I tried a chicken taco as well as a pork torta and both were pretty decent. I can't speak on behalf of the hotdogs but the smile on his face while slumped on the couch with his hand on his belly was a good enough indication that he was very happy and enjoyed them.
4	I love their strawberry drink, its not really agua fresca because it's a little on the thicker side, but still tasty.. I've tried their sonoran dog & it wasn't that great. It was too soggy. (Get your ass to Tucson to experience a good sonoran dog). (FYI: El Guero Canelo is amazing!)I've also tried their menudo & carne asada torta. But my favorite is the California Burrito. If your in the area & want Mexican food it's a great place to go.
5	Moreno's is a staple in the ghetto part of Mesa.  It's the type of place you go when you're craving some good, greasy Mexican food, and don't particularly mind the thought of getting mugged or having your car stolen.  This place might not win awards, but in the realm of hole-in-the-wall Mexican, they are at or near the top.Of course they're known for having Sonoran dogs.  Their Sonoran dogs are a reasonable facsimile of what you'd find in Tucson, but if you're expecting it to be as good as El Sinaloense Hot Dog Cart, you'll be disappointed.  This is simple a satisfy-your-craving type of Sonoran dog.While I usually grab a dog or two when I'm there, where they really shine is their tacos.  They have, of course, the boring carne asada, etc. that most gringos like, but they also have pretty good lengua tacos, and their tripa tacos are phenomenal (I have a very hard time convincing any of my white-bred compatriots to try the tripe tacos, but seriously, people: if you like bacon, you'll love the tripe tacos).They do have much of the standard Mexican fare... Burritos, etc.  They have horchata, jamaica, etc.  I usually prefer to stick with the bottled sodas: Jarritos, Manzana, and my personal favorite, the Mexican Coke in 16-oz bottles.Writing this is actually making me really crave one of those tripe tacos.
4	Nice little place! Clean and air conditioned. The food is good but not the best. ( I use Guero Canelo and BK's Steakhouse from Tucson, AZ as a standard to compare Sonoran food in the U.S.) The best I've found in the area until now.
5	The best green chili burritos! I live in North Phoenix and I have driven all the way out to Moreno's just to get a couple burritos. You must try them. They are unlike anything I have had anywhere else, and I have been trying my best to replicate them with no luck. The Sonoran hot dogs are also very good! It's well worth the 45 minute drive from my house.
5	Vampiros y Tacos y Caramelos, oh my! Some of the best Sonoran food in town. There is a reason it's packed full every night.
4	Great little neighborhood-style Mexican restaurant that I never would have found without Yelp. The food is delicious and there are lots of choices. Comparable to my favorite taquerias back home in California. I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5, though, because I feel they are a tad expensive. You want chips with your meal? Pay for a basket. Want sour cream and guacamole in your burrito? Those are extra, too.
4	Where the locals go for Mexican food! We recently moved to the downtown area and were very excited to find this place. Considering Arizonans are really snobby about Mexican food, and the restaurants are prolific in this area, this place must be at the top of anyone's list of places to try.
5	I could've sworn I've rated this place before. I guess not. Anywho...One of the best Mexican Hot Dogs. This is my 3rd time here. My only request is that they open one closer to my area (border line S. Phoenix/Laveen) :)
5	Let me start by saying I am Mexican. (This should tell u  something, aaand should sum it up.) Now I have been here 3 times, had their Shrimp cocktail (twice) and it was delicious!!! Also had the sonoran hot dog and it was also delish!!! Im on my way back now to try some tacos..stay tuned... I did also try their Carne asada tacos, they were good also! This place is legit!!! Remember, If you see mexican/latin ppl in a Mexican restaurant YOU know it's Good for SURE! lol
5	I got a chicken burrito yesterday and I couldn't stop thinking about it all day today. They gladly substituted some ingredients for others at my request. And now I'm driving home with another couple orders for my wife and me. It smells so good I just want to tear into the bag. I'm going to finish this review after I've eaten it.... Same thing. Delicious.
5	This is one of the best Mexican good places in the valley located right in the middle of Mexican Mesa (no wonder it's so good).  Their carne a dada burrito is delicious so is their salsa bar!  If your looking for authentic Mexican food, this is the place to eat at!
1	The food here was greasy and gave me indigestion. I ordered the cheese enchilada and a chicken one as well. I thought perhaps it was just the day i went so I gave them the benefit of the doubt and returned but alas, bad again. I won't be back.
3	I like their queen creek location better as far as space, set up and friendlier staff but the food was delicious. I recommend the pollo fundito
2	Been there twice so far. First time was good but second visit was pretty bad. Waited at the door for 5 minutes then decided to seat myself. Asked for more dip and chips three times before we got more. Asked for no peppers on the fajitas but yes on the onions. Sizzling plate came out with nothing but a bunch of dried up burnt chicken. Tamales and the wifes salad were good.
4	Food was good. $23 for two Chimi's with two sodas. Kind of spendy since the place across the street has a Chimi for $5. They play Mexican Rock music. Thought I seen a rooster dancing here lol.
5	Fantastic hot dogs, employees are very nice, food is fantastic!  So glad we found Sonoran Hot Dogs here!  Tucsons are great but long commute for the hot dog.
1	Maybe someone who doesn't know what good Mexican food tastes like will say it's good. At least this location was awful and I will not go back. Maybe it was the cook that day who knows. I prefer other certain Mexican Food Restaurants any day.  The prices may be slightly higher but worth it.
5	Best Chicken tortilla soup EVER.. hands down. The wait during lunch is kinda long but it was well worth it.
1	I don't understand the reviews for this place, i guess the ppl that gave good reviews don't know what real Mexican food is supposed to taste like. The carne asada tacos were bland and i had to add salt and drown them in the salsa. I will never go back.
3	I have gone to Moreno's several times in the 2 years living in Mesa and I have only had the Green Chile Burrito. It is excellent! My one concern is I feel their burritos are just a little overpriced, but I pay it because of how delicious it is. The dining area is small but very clean and the service is good.
5	Their California Burrito is a sign that a higher being surely exists. Everything I have tried here has been delicious, however. Literally everything. This is by far my favorite place to grab some Mexican food.The only thing that I'm not to keen on about this place is that they aren't always on their game with their customer service. The first time I came into this place the girl working there was insanely rude, but it has gotten better through time. I'm usually rolling in pretty late, and I'm sure with how busy they are that the people working there are just more than ready to go home. I can't really hate on  them for that.
3	Like many mexican places in some of the worst parts of town, this place has wonderful tasting food. It is like a hidden gem, I mean really super food. But the price is not very good... For example they have very good carne asada tacos, but at a dollar 69 that is not good value really. That should be about a dollar for literally as small as a baby's hand.. each taco is two bites, and absolutely delicious. . Give this place 3 stars because the food is good, the value not really.
4	The pollo fundido was very yummy. For this price point it exceeded my expectations.  Although exterior bathroom was inconvenient.
4	Moreno's is quickly becoming my go-to place for Mexican food. The place is always clean and busy, but not crowded. The food is delicious. Prices are okay. The Tejano Burro might be the best thing I have ever tasted.
5	This is one of my favorite places right now. Everything has been really good. I don't have a favorite thing yet. I love the pictures they have on the menu which always make me hungry but I wish they had take out menus so I could decide before I get there. I always get indecisive at the ordering counter. Too many yummy things to pick from.
2	If you like food seasoned with half a can of salt then this is your place. If you like your food being served to your husband and your kid and wait 30 minutes for your plate, then this is the place for you! The cashier was so apologetic and gave me a desert for free to try to make up for it at least. But Id expect WAY better for $45. At this rate and flavor, Filiberto's or Taco Bell would have been a better choice.
