1	I like soup noodles and I am usually not very picky about noodles and I understand this is fast food environment but I am very disappointed with what I got. I was very hungry when I come here and ordered a seafood ramen (10.95$). The seafood part is ok but the noodle and the soup taste worst than the instant noodle that I cook myself at home. I really think that they gave me a pack of instant noodle (I can see some powder on the side of the bowl) and add some seafood into the soup. It is fine if they tell me that they don't have the noodle and ask me to order something else but it is not fine to give me some instant noodle (bad quality ones on top of that) and claim that it is japanese ramen.
4	Walking through the food court at Westmount Square amoung all the standard food court places you see Sushi Bar Kim, a small restaurant with a sushi bar and seatting area. Your first thought may be "I'm not about to risk it on a no name sushi place in a food court". Although I understand that logic you'd be completely wrong. Sushi Kim is a hidden gem, one if the best sushi restaurants in Montreal. They have a good selection of standard sushi along with some very nice house specialties and all of the rolls at Sushi Kim are available with an option of rice paper instead of seaweed. One thing to note is that one of their chefs recently left to start his own restaurant, Park, and I'm not yet certain if his departure has affected the quality of the food at Kim as I have not eaten there frequently since he left. This is the only reservation keeping me from giving them 5 stars.
5	Best sushi ever! So fresh and and delicious first time there and im deffintally going back! Its not too pricy I was just suprised how not many people know about this place. I had the club sandwich , sushi pizza & the montreal.. as im writing this im craving it!!
5	Kim sushi bar... is the only sushi place in Montreal that gets 5 stars consistently. . never disappointed. . always perfect and always exact what you crave when you are killing for epic sushi... Montreal is my 23 place I have lived in North America. .. Kim sushi is one of those place you remember when you leave.. and if I came back to Montreal again... on my list of places to hit before departure. . signed a very large American man.
