1	It took over 45 minutes for the food to come out.  I ordered the chicken fried chicken.  The chicken was so rubbery and the crust was soggy.  My eggs were over done and the toast was burnt. Will never go there again for breakfast.
1	I really wish that I could write a glowing review about Eggs and More BUT we waited in the lobby for 15 minutes to be seated (no hostess). Each of the 2 wait staff told us we will be with you in just a minute. They were taking care of a handful of customers, maybe 6-10 each. After waiting 15 minutes in a less than busy restaurant we left to go to a place that would actually seat and serve us. It will be a long time until we try this place again!!!!!
1	If I could give ZERO stars I would. First, they don't have a kids menu. A 4 year old cannot eat an adult meal! We ordered the ultimate omelette: egg, bacon, sausage, ham, onion, peppers, tomatoes, mushrooms and cheese. The meal came with hashbrowns and toast. We ordered the omelette without peppers and tomatoes. When the waitress brought the food the omelette was no more than 1/2 inch thick. No fluffiness, dry, over cooked and they forgot the onions and mushrooms. It was horrible! The hashbrowns were cold and the toast wasn't even good. This was about 4pm on a Friday and we were the only people there besides the wait staff. We sat right across from where the waitresses bring the food from the kitchen. The owner calls all the staff to the food pick up area for what I  assuming is a staff meeting. He is talking loud enough that we hear every word he says. As he talks to them he starts telling them about how in years past he smoked pot and did cocaine. I can not believe what we are hearing, nor can I imagine any circumstance where this shod be told to the staff. If you want your employees and customers to respect you, leave your private life private. When the waitress brought our check I asked her if that man doing the talking was the boss. She said yes and started laughing. I told her the whole conversation was inappropriate, she agreed and apologized. You know what, I could care less, from what I saw and had to eat I will bet this place is closed in less than year. We will not return!
5	Super fast service! I am so glad you all opened:-) The spinach feta omelette was awesome! Good luck!
1	First time we tried to eat here we walked out. They had wait staff walking out....A real mess! Decided to give it a go one more time. ...should have kept going.....just awful!! Crab cakes were truly awful with the crab cake benedict,  asked for eggs medium....hard as a rock. Food was Luke warm, butter wouldn't melt on my husband's pancake. No excuse for cold food...very few customers.  This place won't make it if they don't straighten up. Very disappointed. ..we REALLY NEED a GOOD breakfast place on the west side.....This ain't it!!!
1	Decided to try this breakfast place. Bad idea. We always go somewhere else but they were crowded. Walked in to eggs n more and there were about 3 groups ahead of us. The restaurant was empty but they did not seat us. After waiting about 15 minutes they sat us and it took over and hour to get our food. This place needs staff and a better manager. EXCUSES!! Horrible. Will not return.
1	I arrived at about 2:30 PM. As I got out of my car, I saw a male employee lock the door and run back inside the restaurant, obviously hoping that I wouldn't see him. Even though there were only two other cars in the parking lot, there were no obvious signs suggesting they were closed. I was determined to try a new mom & pop eatery, so walked to the entrance and tried opening the front door, just in case... It would not budge. No employee had the courtesy to tell me why they locked their door and they had no signs indicating why they were closed. A simple "sorry, we were slow, so we decided to call it a day" would have sufficed, but I guess that's too much to ask. Given the semi-obscure location of this restaurant, in a shopping center with a vacant anchor tenant, I would think they would be eager to take all the business they can get. Perhaps this attitude mirrors the service I would have received (or lack, thereof) had I been let in. I never had a chance to taste their food, so I'll have to assume that its quality reflects their poor attitude. I can't justify giving them a rating above one star. It looks like my breakfast choices in Goodyear will continue to remain north of I-10. I wouldn't be surprised if this place closes permanently by the end of 2014.
5	We have eaten here twice--both times the food and service was excellent.  The first time, Jason, was also training a new person.  He, and she, were professional and efficient.  My husband had a question about how the prime rib was cooked--He like his well-done.  Jason went into the kitchen and the chef/owner came out with a piece of it to that Ken could try it before ordering--good customer service.  I had the crab benedict and the crab cake was as good as Ruby Tuesday's.  The second time I had the Reuben--the best one I have had.  My husband had the ham steak and eggs over easy.  Perfection.  It's hard to believe that the 3 previous reviews and I had frequented the same place.
4	Great food . The wait was a little longer then I expected but other then that everything was good
1	Management is horrible, owner was sitting around watching television. It was dirty, the host had to come and get my drinks. The server was described by my kids as emotionless. The food was cold and flavorless. The silverware was dirty as well, the smell around the restaurant was filthy as well it smelled like an old sewer. I would not recommended anyone to come in here. This place is not going to last. From my understanding all of the owners previous restaurants had closed down, this ones not going to be any different so it seems. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON HERE, DO YOURSELF A FAVOR.
5	We were at a loss yesterday to have breakfast.  We didn't want to go to IHOP, Crackerbarrel or Black Bear Diner.  I remembered that this place had just opened.  We walked in after noticing a full parking lot.  A smiling face greeted us and seated us without a wait. Our drink order was taken quickly and followed by our food order.  I don't think we waited more than 10 minutes for our food to arrive.  The food was good and prepared to order.  The place was clean and efficient.My wife and I spent about 45 minutes eating and watching people come in and out.  By the time we left the entire place was full and there is a good reason for it.Our bill was $18 and some change.  I think it was a very good value.They have quite a few items on the menu for lunch and dinner.  I am sure we will be back to give it a try.
1	This was the second time my mom and I went to this restaurant.  First time was grand opening and the wait and and disorganized was unbelievable. So we figured it was do to its just opening. Well we went back today to see if it had gotten any better and I will admit our wait time to be seated was an improvement but once we got a table and then it went down hill from there.  First off no one came to see if we wanted any drinks as we waited the staff seemed to even not notice us at all and went to 5 other tables of guest that came after us. At this point we got frustrated and got up and left.  So my opinion of the place is nkw we will never go back seeing there staff has no value of how to serve there guest
3	No one greeted us when we walked in. Then one of the girls waived at us to follow her to a table. Our waitress came over after a bit of a wait and was apologetic for the delay. The food was decent but took to long. Short staffed perhaps? We were looking for a nice place for Sunday brunch and are still looking...
1	We decided to try Eggs and more, we had a coupon but forgot to present it when we ordered, the coupon does say to present when ordering but the waitress was really nice and said that she would get the boss to override the check so she could accept it. I could not believe how rude the boss was, he came out to the table and made a scene and ruined our appetite. We will never go back and we will bad mouth this so called resturant to everyone we know. The food was terrible, the only thing that was good about this place was the waitress.
3	Glad a new restaurant opened in this somewhat rundown/discount part of Goodyear. Other reviews were accurate - friendly greeting, fast service and food cooked to order.They do have free wi-fi, which hasn't been mentioned.My only complaints are these:At 10am, the east facing windows are super hot. Shades would be nice or turn down the A/C. This is especially true of the sun heated creamers on the table.Your food is a bit expensive for the no nonsense decor. $8.99 for a pancake/waffle/french toast combo with 2 eggs and 2 sausage and 2 bacon seemed a bit much. If I'd gotten thick applewood smoked bacon or something more than previously frozen sausage, maybe I'd think better of the price - but the ingredients are Denny's average.I'd spruce up the decor a bit. It looks like you opened up the old JB's and fired up the stove.I'll give it another try, but right now I'd rank this along other offerings in the area for average breakfast offerings.
1	Aweful service.  Tables weren't clean. Watched them touch the silverware on the top as they wrapped. Tables were left uncleared for 20 minutes at a time when there was a huge line waiting.  Waited an hour for our food. Never got it. We got up and walked out. Not happy with this place. Would never recommend it to anyone.
1	Zero stars. Didn't eat here cause after standing by hostess station for 15 minutes, decided to leave. The waitresses saw us, but never even acknowledged us - the 6 tables they were serving must've been too much to handle as it was. There were a few other people who walked in and waited behind us. They too left. My prediction is this place will not last unless they up their service!
3	The waitstaff is nice and hard working, but they are way understaffed for this area. Food was good, but not great. Maybe we'll try again in a few months.
1	If I could give it less than one star, I would.The place is horrible.  We stood and waited for the hostess while she was chatting.  Her pants were too small as was her top and she had to keep pulling her pants up.  I thought that I was in a strip joint, she had so much skin showing between her pants and top.We finally got seated.  On a Saturday morning, there were only about 6-8 tables with people.  They were small groups of two, besides.  Anyway, when we finally got to order, we waited 35 minutes for our food to come out!  The hash browns were anemic and in a puddle of oil.  The coffee was nasty.  The food is just awful.  There is absolutely nothing that could get me to go back.
2	I don't know where to start,  so I will just say not everybody should open up there own restaurant. They seem to have no cue what they are doing. I will give them another chance if they are still in business in a few months
1	We decided to try this after always seeing only a few cars in the lot. My husband ordered the hungry man plate.. hash browns were mush, bacon and sausage were fine but there was a hair in the eggs. Waitress came back exchanged it for a club sandwich which was ok. My sister in law ordered Philly cheese steak with fries and it also had a hair on it. I ordered the same thing and mine was fine maybe needed a lil more salt.. best thing was the fries.. my brother ordered the steak and eggs and said it was good. The kids' plates were also ok. As I got up my foot fell in a hole! It looked like it used to be a drain  but literally covered it with a thin piece of carpet! We will not be back there. For the price and quality we would've been better at Dennys or Ihop.
1	We went there on 11/22/14 for breakfest and the sign on the door said they business is closed.  The Landlord took repossession of the business for failure to pay rent.
1	I am not surprised that this place is closed and the locks have been changed.  Food was awful.  Service was awful.  There is nothing good that I could say about this place.  Maybe if the owner had every been present instead of worrying about opening a new restaurant,  he would have had more control.
