5	I used to change hair stylists so often, my husband started to ride me for it. He'd say, "Uh-oh, how long is this one going to last?"He thought I was especially harsh on my stylists, but I always had a good reason to leave. At one place, I loved the stylist, but the ditzy secretary kept screwing up my appointments. The next three in a row did a good job the first couple of times, and then got lazy and chopped my hair all to hell. One time, I couldn't even comb through the ends; it was as if it had been mowed with a lawnmower instead of cut with scissors. Another time, although I was adamant about keeping my hair long enough to pull back for working out, swimming, etc., she hacked the front to just a few inches. My next snorkeling trip was a disaster -- I kept thinking a jellyfish was floating in front of me, but it was my unruly hair.Then I found David Pang at State of the Art. He is a pro. He is a hair genius.He said it's important when you have long, straight, fine hair to keep it free of buildup and to not use conditioner above the ears, because the skin's natural oils will take care of it. Maybe once a year, he will give me a super-duper, heat-activated deep conditioner. Usually his assistant washes my hair with a molasses shampoo, which strips off the buildup and makes it super shiny. (I use it once a week now, and people often compliment me on my hair.) His cuts are precise but not blunt; I feel my hair has more motion and body than it's ever had. After going to numerous female stylists who kept wanting to cut it shorter and shorter, he immediately summed me up and told me to keep it just below my shoulders for optimum balance, because I have a round face and I'm short. He never cuts the front too short to pull back; he knows it's important for me to have ponytail possibilities.David never tries to push products or get me to sign up for services I don't want, like color. He's the owner, but only charges $50 a cut, which is quite reasonable compared to other salon owners. He's also a lot of fun to talk to, and his wife, Daphne, who makes the appointments and runs the desk, is a sweetheart. I drive half an hour to come here because of the excellent service and terrific cuts.And parking is definitely not a problem -- you just drive into the underground garage and take the elevator up to the ground floor. The salon validates the ticket.
5	I was extremely lucky when I did a search for a salon in my new neighborhood to find State of the Art Designers.  David and Daphne were both very professional and very personable.  David went over when I was hoping to achieve and gave his suggestions after testing my hairs condition and elasticity.  It was found that my hair needed a deep clarifying shampoo treatment to get the desired results and he did that for the included price.  I will definitely be going back !!!!
5	Zhanna has been my stylist for more than 15 years.  I love going to her for so many years, because she is a professional in what she does.  She takes time to see what you need, suggest what haircut, or color looks good on you, she is a careful listener, and she will do exactly what you had ask her for.  But if you wish to experiment, she is up for that too.  I feel very special when I go to get my hair done, I never feel that she is in a rash.  She gives me her time, attention, and a wonderful service with a desired outcome.
5	It's so hard to find a good honest hairdressers that will understand your needs and recommend the best for your hair. Highly qualified, so kind and respectful David Pang is one of the best in the industry. They offer varieties of hair and aesthetic services with quality, natural product. It worth to try them. Highly recommended.
