4	Top notch pizza!  Finally stopped by and had a pie.  Have a friend who recommended...he use to work here.  Really nice crust, not to thin but not thick...just right.  The sauce and cheese were just right...not sweet with some nice flavors.  The owner must be a big sports fan.  If you like bobble-heads and sports figurines you can see so many...maybe all that have ever been given out in the burg.
4	Bellisario's is one of my fave pizza shops.  As Darren claims, Bellisario's pizza is a shinning knight." If you are in the area and looking for a good pizza this is a good place to get your pizza.  The shop still has mucho sports figurines and sports memorabilia on the walls.
5	Our fav pizza spot in Pittsburgh! 1/2 butcher block & 1/2 veggie lovers is Awesome!You get what you expect- Delicious PIZZA!  Toss salad is good with the pizza and the Calzones are great too!! MMMMM I'm getting hungry remembering it.   Look at the specialty pizzas on the back of the menu cause that's where it's at!!! Honestly, this place is mostly deliver and take out orders, the restaurant is not impressive and leaves much to be desired for ambiance.  10 old booths and lots of old sports memorabilia.  It seriously hasn't been updated since the first time I've been here, 18 years ago.  Don't expect an immaculately impressive bathroom, but you can find the only cloth roller towel I've EVER seen, straight from 1949.  It's BYOB so bring some B or buy some from the store next door.  (I don't really understand the previous reviewer's complaint about greasiness, I've never had this issue.  But I probably would not buy a piece of cheesecake from here cause come on, it probably wasn't make fresh here and it it wasn't then what's the point of getting it??)This is always a good choice for pizza!!
5	Best pizza we've found in the South Hills.  Not fancy but service was great (owner's daughter) and the pizza was just right.  Lots of toppings.  Good crust.  Definitely a place to go back to.  They also deliver in the general area.  You can bring you own beer and can get it next door if you want.  Only about ten tables but reminds me of an old local pizza place with good food, service, and reasonable prices.
1	owner is a terrible terrible person. tossed me out for no good reason. i found the food very average overall
1	This is a perfect example of a really disgusting Pittsburgh style pizza, you guys love this awful crap for some reason.  I called in and asked how big their medium was, the idiot responded with "8 cuts" which obviously tells me nothing considering you can cut anything into 8.  When I asked again he said 14 inches so I ordered a medium cheese and an order of breadsticks.  I will confess that I didn't actually try the pizza because I had to send it back because it was well past the point of being edible.  It was like pizza soup in a crust bowl. This place is using deck style brick ovens, which is about the only thing they are doing right.  They do not cook directly on the brick though, they use pizza screens.  The screens that they use are the ones with the really big holes as opposed to the grid style screens that everyone else uses.  I have never seen another shop use the big hole screens, and probably for a reason because the dough was really really terrible cooked.  It was burned to the point of being black on the bottom at (which I usually don't mind at all) but somehow they managed for it to still be completely doughy and soft and not the least bit crispy.  Honestly it seems like some kind of miracle of science to have a black pizza bottom and for it to not at least be a little bit crispy.  The pizza was definitely on the overly thick and doughy side and even if it had been cooked well it probably still would have been too doughy to be very good.  The dough recipe may or may not have tasted good, no one will probably ever know because it will probably never be cooked evenly enough to even have a chance at tasting good. The biggest problem with the pizza overall was the 2 pounds of cheese sunken into a large gelatinous wad in the middle.  It smelled like decent cheese, probably Grande (although probably cut with something cheaper).  They are wasting so much money on cheese its sad.  Whoever the pizzaman was obviously took no pride in it whatsoever.  The sauce was all dropped into the middle with most of the cheese.  The edges of the pizza had big bubbles where all of the cheese and sauce should have been, but they were NOT the nice crispy kind of bubbles that could be enjoyed...just lumpy masses of sadness.  I can't comment on the taste of the sauce because I am not a brave enough man to have put a slice of this DIY toilet clogging kit into my delicate stomachular system.  Fake words aside, this pizza really sucks guys. The icing on the cake were the breadsticks, a side item that I consider to be pretty un-f*ckable.  So for breadsticks, Mr. Bellesario (BTW, I hope that this is just some made-up Italian restaurant name and that someone doesn't actually put their family name behind this crap) just cuts up slices of the premade Sicilian dough and slaps some oil and herbs on it and calls it breadsticks.  Its the most ghetto attempt at this particular appetizer that I have ever heard of.  Its pretty funny, really. So yeah, this place is definitely worth avoiding at all costs especially considering the prices aren't even good and the restaurant itself is completely filthy inside.  The owner was nice enough about refunding the money for the pizza.  Its a shame when I see businesses like this that are set in their ways and are really wasting their potential with a general lack of pride.
1	"Filthy" isn't a strong enough term. Try "infested."  NEVER, EVER AGAIN. No matter how much I adore Bell's Sicilian pizza (which I typically order to carry out), the filth of the place is overwhelming. Took my mother into the dining room Friday evening. We were promptly seated (table nearest the kitchen and the wait station, constant employee traffic) and given beverages and menus via the hostess, who promised our waitress would take care of us soon. For the next 20 minutes, no employee acknowledged our existence, although we quickly placed our closed menus at the edge of the table to signal our readiness to order. As the minutes ticked away, I tried not to look at the foul carpeting, which appears to have been last cleaned approximately never. A cook emerged from the kitchen and quite literally shouted over our heads to a waitress at the far end of the nearly-filled dining room because he couldn't read her writing. (Have these people never eaten in a restaurant themselves??) Even still, we waited... until I absently flicked at one of the dozens of dark spots on the wall above our booth. It flew away. INSECTS ALL OVER THE WALL. If that's how the front is maintained, what must the kitchen look like??? We reopened the menu, found beverage prices and left money on the table. There was no indication that any of the waitresses or the hostess even noticed. DISGUSTING AND INEXCUSABLE. The place needs to be shut down and fumigated. Are they afraid they'd lose money if they closed long enough to CLEAN? Do they pay anyone to clean anything? I'll never go back.
